"That means taking kids in, taking
"I don't know, Cap, I'm not sure I want to end the Intergalatic Armor's first day by beating up an old man," Tony replied cheekily.
"He's doing better," Tony says. "He won't stop."
Natasha's eyes go a little bright and he suspects she didn't realize how highly he valued her on the battleground. "Let me prove it, then. You're the boss, Stark, give me a job."
And surely enough not three seconds later, a tiny reddish-gold dot appeared in the sky, headed their way, flanked on either side by smaller, darker blots that soon revealed themselves to be Peter Quill and Rocket Raccoon as the three got closer. Moments later, Rocket and Peter had dropped to the ground and, already well accustomed to Stark theatrics, moved out of the way so Tony could do his customary three-point landing.
"He wants to help you, Tony," she says, leaning forward, and her eyes are so very earnest and blue, so much bluer than they should be. And then the moment breaks. "So do I. You know I'm the best, you know I believe in the Avengers, so stop dithering and give me the job. I'll make you proud, coach," she finishes on a sardonic note, one corner of her mouth lifting.
"Don't be metaphorical," Tony snarks at her and her mock-understanding face. She is the worst. "We'll need it up and running before any serious ops can happen or we're all gonna be up a creek, so. Skedaddle, Itsy Bitsy. Daddy's busy."
Tony has the incredible urge to hunch and protect himself. He lets his body get as far as crossing his arms. That's telling enough. "Long answer..." He drawls the 'r' a little, remembering. "You ever slept in bathtub before?"
going to stop, even if Tony kicked him out of the Avengers right now. So it's Tony's job to step up, stop being terrified of disappointing the kid and make sure that if Peter is going to do this, especially with the Avengers, that he has the best chance of survival possible. Right now, that means a lot more training.
“Keep it safe for me, alright?” They looked up at him with awestruck eyes and nodded. Steve turned to Sam. “Have you seen Tony?”
-Will you
When he has read each file four times, memorized every aspect, and drunk at least a quarter of the bottle, he pushes the papers away. Sam's dark, slightly hazy eyes watch him intently for a moment before he tips his head back and stares at the ceiling.
She shakes her head.
"Wha - what are you talking about, how is that even relevant?" Tony cried, climbing to his feet. "Why are you so mad at me? I thought we were past this. The Iron Legion helps us-"
“Warning,” Steve finally manages. His fingers are on Tony’s neck, feeling his pulse and pulling him closer, never close enough. “Next time you pull a stunt like that, I want a warning.”
There's an innuendo in there. There's always an innuendo in there with her. "Diamond," he grits out, pushing past her. Inside the vault is the computer banks Fury was hoping they'd find when they sent them out on this mission, but no sign of the way Madama Hydra has escaped. "My experience with HYDRA-"
So it's not anger that keeps him from contacting Steve.
"We let her down," Tony surmises miserably.
"Spidey, I'm patching you through to Luke Cage and Daredevil, give them your location-"
"Sure, Kamala," he croaks. "When Hope gets back, alright?"
"I feel better," Tony lies. He hasn't slept since they got back from the UN two days ago, the few snatches of sleep he's tried to grab marred by the old dreams of smoke and sand and stars, but it's different now, the smell all wrong and the texture too soft and the formations too bizarre to be anything he's seen before.
"Bucky," he gasped, stumbling to a stop. "No - no, no. Why would you even say that?" Brutus and Caesar - they were second soulmates.
NATASHA:
Steve’s life wouldn’t take the path hers had, she would make sure of it. She smiled at him. “Yours, and no other’s, my love. God has already determined that you’re meant for him. Most soulmates have to wait years more, but not you two. You’re special, Steve. Didn’t I always tell you so?”
T'Challa came and offered me a choice. Said we could stay but be kept inside the compound or leave and be free.
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
Daredevil gets his chain hooked around the glider and he and Tony pull, sending it crashing to the ground, but Greenie's not done. He dismounts and swats down Daredevil's flying leap like swatting a fly, leaving himself open for a repulsor blast to the side and an iron fist to the face. Tony pushes off while he's still disoriented, keeping his distance and containing him with repulsor blasts until Daredevil is back in the fray to distract him.
“Oh, good, you’re finally here.” Steven looked to the side. Lady Natasha, Merlin’s own bodyguard, was doing the closest thing to smiling Steve had ever seen on her lovely face. “I half expect Anthony to make a break for it at any moment. Perhaps your presence will dissuade him. Ah, Sir Barnes, you survived.”
“There are worse things,” she snapped back, and her eyes flickered once, twice, to Joseph’s right wrist.
"Anything," Barnes adds, or maybe never finished.
"Really?" Ross sneers. "And was the council informed of your penchant for letting your friends slip through your fingers?"
"-greater thrust and manueverability. Also, drumroll please - thank you, Kamala - fully articulated! No more Tin Man routines for me!"
"When the call came," she says on a deep breath. "Scott was just sitting down to dinner with me and his family. Introducing me to them. It was so important to him that we try to make it work between us. His daughter, Cassie, she means the world to him and he was so nervous about the two of us meeting-"
"Then I'm gonna build you new legs."
"When the 'or else' is jail?" Tony asks rhetorically, sharp as knives that he softens with a sigh, knowing that Bruce has a point.
took her down. She's not going to be able to hurt anyone else."
Rochambeau leans forward. "And how can we guarantee that, Mr. Stark? The evidence and you yourself have admitted that Barnes can be...'triggered' into this Winter Soldier persona at any time if someone has the right sequence of words. How can we be sure he will never turn on us again?"
(See the end of the chapter for
- that's Hope, by the way -
There is a mad scientist, at the end of it all.
Tony's blood runs cold and he reminds himself that Tiberius can't see him, that Ty is a pathological liar, and that this man will do practically anything to hurt Tony. Even still, he types out a message for FRIDAY to send out feelers into ViaStone's servers.
"You'll be right there with me, sweetheart," he sing-songs. "Virtual minesweeper. Sixty four by sixty four grid. We might be there for hours, Fry."
"Obsolete?" he breathes out. A smell of ozone fills the air.
"So why are you here, then, Hope?" he asks instead. "Just to sacrifice your suit and your life on the altar of Ant-Man? And here I thought you'd have done enough of that in your life, or are you and Daddy Dearest finally getting along?"
"It's just," Bruce begins carefully. "It's just that you didn't seem very surprised."
“Oh, stop with the sad eyes,” Tony is telling him as Steve stares down at him from where he has slumped over Tony, boxing him in on the lab table Steve had laid him out on when he had to exchange the arc reactors. “You saved me. All better now.” He taps the new arc for good measure, and hands the old one - the one that he sacrificed to jumpstart the machine that would fry all the mechanical beasts that attacked New York City today - off to DUM-E to be incinerated.
Pepper's reply to that one is slow-coming, and Tony pats himself a bit on the back while he still can. No doubt revenge will be swift. "FRIDAY, cupcake. Let's just...go ahead and block any calls from Pepper today, shall we?"
She's only been awake for two days now, and Tony, between Clint and Stark Industries and Donnie, is one of the last people she's gotten to meet.
-wanda just knocked on wood. smart girl.
"Tony," T'Challa sighs, and slides gracefully down the fabric of the couch to rest beside him. "I know how keenly you feel the loss of the Avengers, perhaps more so than anyone else. And I know you wish to protect them and keep them safe. But you can't decide this for them. There is a line between protection and control; I do not think you realize where that line is. Consider your behavior towards Ms. Maximoff."
"What did I tell you about passive scanning?" he asks tightly, forcibly removing his clawed hand from his chest and laying it flat on the bed covers. Jesus, he hurts.
The tablet crunches a little under Steve's grip.
Tony glances over at Natasha, ignoring the way Rhodey is watching him carefully. His best friend should be out riding high with the other flyboys but apparently Tony has worried his platypus enough that he insisted on accompanying him to Europe to meet with the council and some key German officials.
. He's that guy. What that also means is he's cocky, he's competitive, and he's YOUNG. Younger than any other Steve, and I think in a lot of ways that would make him even more stubborn and sad about being in the future. There's a lot more I could type about this, because AvAc skewing their characters that young and keeping their backgrounds mostly intact is TERRIFYING, but I'll let my writing (hopefully) speak for itself.
Vision nods, eyes opening to meet Tony's. "You were JARVIS' prime directive."
(There's a video of Tony he pulls up sometimes, the last glimpse of him before the fighting started, standing at the shoulder of a younger version of himself on the stage of MIT. Tony, not yet an orphan, telling his parents he loved them while he could because he regretted not doing so. To give tech like that to Bucky, tech Tony made to personally ease his own demons, is a gesture that says more silently than anything Tony Stark ever could out loud.)
"No, of course not! You only got into bed with him! You only jumped when he called! You only did all his dirty work!" Bruce screams. Dimly and very unhelpfully Tony marvels at how good his control has gotten. "I mean what did he give you, huh, Tony? To sell out all your friends? What did it take, c'mon, I wanna know
"Boarding school?" he breathed, eyebrows climbing his forehead. "Are you sure, Howie? You've kept that boy locked up in here for eight years. Has he ever even talked to someone his own age-"
Nat I want to help. Nobody's told me how Tony is
"I wanted to trust him. He came for us in Siberia and I thought 'Finally. Everything's gonna be okay.' Because Tony, you don't know this about him, but he fixes things. Makes them better than before. And I thought with Tony on our side the rest would follow and we would all be - okay, together. And it's keeping me up at night to think that Tony's on the other side of the world, thinking the exact same things about me.
“Glad to hear it, Avenger. Now…” He trailed off, head turning towards the Time Fog. “Do you hear that?”
Zemo grunted his agreement.
“Tell me what happened,” Jan said, linking her pinky through his as they laid out in the sun. She had finally convinced him to leave the Tower after the three day work binge that followed his chat with Steve with the promise of sand and sun and fun.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
Peter hauls himself out of the pool onto the side, tilting his head at the older boy. "That makes no sense," he says, before promptly webbing up his feet and launching himself onto the closest piece of ice.
Bruce merely rolls his eyes. "Anyone with common sense knows you don't keep a Widow waiting, Tony."
Another rejection. Another failure. Story of his life.
walk of shame?"
"I'll try," Peter says, which from him is as good as a promise. Tony lets him go without pushing the point too hard; Rome wasn't built in a day, and Peter's burgeoning guilt complex won't be fixed with one talk. Sometimes penance feels better than knowing there was nothing you could've done. It took Tony a long time to realize that, and most days he's fine ignoring that revelation, but Peter's smarter than him, anyway. He'll figure it out. Tony and the team will be there until he does.
,” the stranger groaned, arms wobbling precariously. “Even in my dreams it hurts.”
“They’re both idiots,” she announced, and her two table-mates nodded, hard-pressed to disagree. As one, they turned to watch the idiots in question.
Natasha's been grazed more than a few times and might have broken a rib, Rhodey's stable, and T'Challa, for the most part, just sounds impressed HYDRA was able to bruise him at all. Even Tony has managed to make it out mostly okay. The SHIELD agents are a bit worse off, what with their substandard gear that principle alone will demand Tony upgrade.
EDIT: for clarification: the video talked about is just 16/12/91 with a few extra things that I'll talk about next chapter.
“Oh!” was James’ reaction. The poor boy looked struck. “Oh, Stevie, that’s swell, ain’t it?”
, he reminds himself,
NATASHA:
Steven surged forward, only remembering at the last second the company they were in, but Merlin merely scoffed. “If you think anyone is paying mind to you two with Lancelot and the queen acting with all the subtlety of a painted whore, you are mistaken.”
If his father had created something like this, the man who had always made sure to pressure to Tony that innovation was good but a flawless product was better, if he had done this, used a mad scientist notes to create himself a new Steve Rogers - if his mistakes could be corrected, another atrocity Tony had been blind to his whole life, was he seriously supposed to sit back and let it go?
People can't be fixed. If they could, Tony would have done so for himself a long time ago and saved everyone a lot of pain. He wishes he could. It terrifies him, but he does. He tries. He builds suits to fly farther, punch harder, last longer. Artificial intelligences with strict codes to keep him from going too far. He surrounds himself with machines, science, and hopes it can do the impossible and help him be better, but at the end of the day, all he is left with is himself.
It floats up on the screen and T'Challa glances sidelong at it, keeping the brunt of his gaze on Tony even as his hand disappears off screen to tap at something. "
The taste in the back of his throat as he watched Tony blow Bucky's arm off, heedless: blood and something bitter and heavy like betrayal and regret - he tastes it now and it chokes him.  "Why?" is all he can manage.
Fury's eyebrow climbs up his forehead. "I act as best as I see fit, same as anybody. Or is making a mess only okay when James Barnes is on the line?"
, he can't quite shake the first impression of a dagger personified.
"The smartest. She wants to be her dad when she grows up.
Bucky's chest rises and falls, barely a millimeter either direction.
“I don’t know if I can-” Tony cuts himself off, and Steve’s arms move until big hands are cupping, wrapping around his own.
The two worst things Tony tells me are about his parents.
Tony looks. Bruce has a whole page filled with messy scrawls of compounds and reagents, pointing at a place where sodium oxide most certainly should not have been used, but Tony's eyes catch on the formula just above it. It's familiar, he knows he's seen it somewhere, but he can't place where.
Stark frowned. "But I - well, I have to be, don't I? It's the only thing that rightly makes sense, Sheriff. I've had these dreams before, you know, after you went and left me. This is the only way I can reach you now." He leaned in close, so sweetly sad.
"So," Steve said, turning towards Tony. "Want to head to the arena and spar? Show off what that new suit can do?"
Tony is already keying up the assembly platforms outside for War Machine and Iron Man. "We're not. But if they need us we are going to be there, not thousands of miles away. We're not giving up. Keep trying, T'Challa."
Tony stops dead, the ball of anger he always carries around in his chest nowadays coiling up even hotter and tighter. "Schedule a meeting with Tiberius, Fry."
Tony's chest is on fire, his pulse pounding so loudly in his head he almost can't hear Ultron's taunts. "Give it back," he says weakly, uselessly, eyes darting to the arc reactor.
Steve leans back in his chair. "We're not infallible. We make mistakes. All of us," he adds pointedly, and Fury huffs. "
Aamir looks down at his sister, watching her expression, and placing a hand on her shoulder. "Come now, sister," he tells her. "To me, an outsider, this makes good sense. If you become an Avenger, people are putting their lives in your hand. You owe it to them to be the most prepared you can be. And I - I would be extremely grateful if you would do this for me, Kamala. I can't stop you from doing what you think is right, but I want to know you're not being reckless. That you are safe."
Is this Captain America?
Panic wells up in Tony's gut. They haven't even discussed this, who would be the new field commander. What kind of rookie mistake is this? The people of the world are counting on them to just
They're never going to let Bucky be now. He's never going to get back to where he belongs. He doesn't even know where that is anymore. He wishes he had written it a thousand times in that damned letter.
"Good for you," Tony says, and hangs up. He calls right back. "I'm an ass, and guess what, you're an Avenger now. Come to the States, see the compound. I've built you a nice scratching post."
Peter's face shutters. "No one can know who I am. It's bad enough that you do."
"Jasmine," is Peter's answer, dunking each individual bag in their respective cups. The smell fills the air and Tony is reminded of Wanda fiercely. The kitchen used to be her domain, as she was the only one in the New Avengers outside of Sam who could actually cook. Tony would come in for upgrades and tech evaluations and there she would be, cup of tea in hand, making dinner or coaching Vision through a cooking lesson. He visited once and entered the living area just as she was telling Natasha about "
"Donnie," Tony says, wondering if everyone else can hear the thread of desperation in his voice. "I just want you to be safe."
Sam laughed. “Da – uh, darn straight.”
“I tend to do that,” James said, smirk back in place. Natasha mirrored it perfectly.
"That I've got a hypothesis to go with your own," Bruce says. "Your father was tinkering with the formula and the chamber at the same time. He never meant for it the formula to be used on a human being without the chamber, meaning without his say so, because he knew it would most likely fail otherwise. It was an insurance policy, to make sure it couldn't be misused. He just didn't anticipate HYDRA. How could he? He thought they died with Zola."
"Guilty," he says when he regains control. "But never convicted. It's our little secret, Wasp."
He’s the one to back down that night, and I feel anything but proud.
Big Steve shrugged. “Iron Man is part of my team. I trust him like I trust the others. And I trust him with my life.”
Tony is even more ashamed that this is a mistake that is easily fixable and he - he doesn't want to fix it.
"What did I tell you?" Amora said smugly. Beside her, Baron Zemo nodded solemnly.
Things you need to know: Early writing in AvAc was WEIRD and missed the mark a lot. This was mostly fixed AFTER the CW event. AvAc Steve before CW really does seem to think that Tony's reliance on his bots and his tech makes him lazy and less accomplished (note: AvAc Tony kinda encourages this because he's a bit of a jerk). This is odd because most Steves don't tend to have that problem with Tony. So I tried to examine that and ended up kinda doing a weird hyper-combo of A) The AoU Steve/Tony fight and B) The 616 Extremis Steve/Tony fight.
"Little out of it."
," Tony nearly spits. His heart is pounding in his ears and he is so off his head that the beat sounds all wrong. "Zemo showed us the video of December 16th and Steve
"I'm fine," he says firmly, finalizing his purchase on his tablet. Sixteen tickets to Phantom of the Opera, spread out from front row seats for the Khans to private boxes for Vision and Bruce. And the last two, he sends to an email address that he's been avoiding for almost a month now.
It grows, slowly, over time. The picture forms of them, together, a team and a family, together. He wants them to stay, he realizes fiercely. He doesn’t want to be alone. He dreams about loses them, about waking up in a world without the ones he loves all over again. He’d do anything to stop that. Anything not to live through it again.
He sticks out a hand and T'Challa doesn't hesitate before taking it. "You are a good man, Captain. I wish you luck."
Four different responses try to fight themselves out at once: relief, at knowing that Bucky isn't alone, that Wanda's with him; continuing concern about Tony; anger that Bucky's struggle isn't over. Not a word of it made it out of his mouth.
Also, clearly Steve is Not In A Good Place. Depression, which in my opinion Steve canonically has, is not something that you can just fix by jumping from place to place. Moving forward always helps, but you have to let yourself cope with where you are first.
"No," Tony says flatly. "I tried talking. I tried chasing. It didn't work. I'm trying this new thing of not making the same mistakes twice."
"I don't think you're in any position to be preaching about secrets and lies, Mr. Stark."
"Sir-"
"Hey," Bucky says sharply. "What did I tell you all those years ago?" Steve waits and then Bucky huffs. "No, really, what did I tell you? I just had it and then it slipped away."
. “I’m so proud of you, Steven,” she told him. "So very proud."
"Tony," Pepper says softly. "You did the right thing. You and the Defenders saved a lot of people. Whatever the council decides...I'm always proud of you, you know that." Iron Man had caused so much grief between them, most of it Tony's fault, and he's so lucky to still have her with him. He taps her foot with his appreciatively and they smile at each other before returning to their respective tablets.
Steven whirled, which had the beneficial side-effect of providing enough force to remove the sword from the beast’s hide, and grinned at Sir James watching his struggle with his customary smirk.
Just don't make the same mistake twice.
designed. Natasha wears something similar. He protected her in the end but to Tony, all that matters is what could have happened to her while she was wearing what
"If this is something that's happening," Peter says slowly. "Then there's something you need to know."
Maybe I won't need you Steve.
this to get to Tony. He wants him to see that Steve is thinking about it.
We're all fine Cap.
Used to, when Tony was 'retired' and only visited the compound to upgrade some gear and work with Wilson at building Redwing, he had an apartment on the top floor that he split with the rest of the reserve members - Barton, Rhodes, Banner, Thor.
"I don't want to fight. I want to understand," Steve protested. Rhodes cocked his head a little to the side at that, staring Steve down, those sharp airman's eyes calculating.
Sam sighs, stretches out wide, eyes him tiredly. "Steve, man, it's like I keep saying. Just let it settle. Figure it out.
"Bucky, don't say that. You're
And they're off, barrel-rolling and hair-pinning their turns, competing for G-forces, racing around the compound and playing tag. War Machine wasn't exactly fast before but while Rhodey has better control of his legs in the suit than out of it he's much less graceful than before. Luckily for him, Tony's damn Vibranium chestplate isn't exactly built for speed either so the Machine isn't too badly outpaced.
"Thank you," Tony replies quietly. It is all he wants to say to Rhodey these days.
"They, um, did you see they've already changed my dad's Wikipedia page? There's a whole new section on his death now, it gets edited like eighty times a minute. And that's, that's weird, to be angry about? But there's a link now, to the Winter Soldier's page and fuck, my parents will never escape him now."
Sam's nodding along even as he pieces through the Accords. "What better place for the big bad to hide than in plain sight where the Avengers can't actually get to you?"
And he's been planting himself like a tree next to the River of Truth.
with surviving, mostly, but the others - they deserve better.
When Tony is twelve, his wrist is still bare, and he vows to build a future of his own.
"I don't have a choice."
It's bizarre for Tony, who's entire childhood was informed by what Captain America would do - what Howard said Captain America would do, at least - to contemplate the man not being good enough in any aspect, but as Rhodey laid it out so calmly and sure, a cold certainty came over him. No, he knew Steve's reasons. He understood, he wasn't stupid, and Steve's reasons
"It wasn't about Ross!" Tony snaps. "Ross was just a messenger, a harbinger, Bruce, of things to come. It had nothing to do with Ross and everything to do with the fact that two thirds of the United Nations wanted a little transparency from the rogue vigilante group wandering around destroying cities. After Lagos, Sokovia, Washington,
He sees Everett Ross once before they go back home.
"Can I quote you on that?" Tiberius asks, frustrated and teasing all in one. Tony snorts. "I'll take that as a no. Well, if you're not going to hand me a story I'll have to send the field mice scurrying for their own. Work calls. Goodbye, Tony."
As he pounded the sidewalk, the sun setting to his left, his thoughts roiled. He knew Jan was right, knew that they were a team, rah rah rah. He just didn’t know how he fit into that.
She takes a step away from the tank, chastised and a little hurt. "I would not do to him what I did to you and the others, Steve."
When she woke, it was quiet. She couldn’t place what was so disquieting about this for a long moment, but then her eyes adjusted, and took in Steve, so silent and still on the bed, and she exploded into motion and sound. One hand felt blindly for his pulse while the other haphazardly reached for his shoulder, shaking it. “Steve,” she begged. She couldn’t lose him now, not when he was so close to the happiness she had only briefly tasted.
"Except there wasn't anything to save, huh. Zemo was fucking with all of us and we fell for it. We fought the Avengers and now we're here in Wakanda and I've missed three parole meetings." The man takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "Look, I say no. No more going behind anyone's back. This Fury guy, who knows if we can trust him? If you do this, Cap, don't think for a second that the UN won't send the Avengers after you again. Don't tell me you want a repeat of Leipzig. Or Siberia."
For a second, a horrible awful second, Tony wants to be able to tell Coulson that he's wrong. That Tony's tech can't help reverse HYDRA brainwashing. Because if Coulson's right - if it could -
FRIDAY says, stiffly robotic in a way she was specifically designed not to be.
"And I still beat you. Guess you need a hardware update."
He looks up, encounters the curious glint in Barnes' eye, and slides his gaze to the side. "Well, I figure, hey, I can't nearly kill a man in a misguided attempt at justice and then not bring the same effort when it comes to the real bad guys. That's just lazy." He aims a half-hearted smile at Barnes that is met with nothing but silence and stoicism. A cold sort of patience that runs straight up his spine and sets his nerves tingling. Tony changes tact. "The truth is that we need you."
NATASHA:
"You should add blue," Kamala says decisively. Tony turns just enough so that she can see one incredulous eyebrow lift.
"It's already healing," Jan declared huffily, contenting herself with wiping away the blood. "I am so jealous. I had to wax my legs last night, Steve, do you know how handy a healing factor would been then?"
-Useful though.
CLINT:
"Jesus, Tony, you've had this the whole time?"
The stranger turned his face towards the light and Steve couldn’t stop himself, he took a step back. “Ordering me around,” Tony Stark – a Tony Stark finished with a growl.
Tony sits down at Kamala Khan's beside, putting on a gauntlet so he can hold her hand. "Well, we'll find someone, Ms. Khan. I promise you're not alone. We're all a mess here, but we keep the falling apart to ourselves. We'll keep you together, if you want."
Yeah, that was one of Peter's myriad problems, a side-effect of radioactive spider powers combined with the changing hormones of a teenage boy. When he crashed, he crashed hard.
"Thank you for helping us," Steve says to T'Challa, finally responding to his statement when the king's gaze grows pointed. "You didn't have to, it was a huge risk, and I can't tell you how much I appreciate it - and looking after Wanda while we're gone."
the last bad day i had i almost killed a guy
"I could say 'too long' but that would make me sound like an ass since you were dead," Tony says, his flippant tone descending into a snarl the more he talks. "Or I could say 'not long enough' but that would also make me sound like an ass since
Finally he calms down enough to stop trying to shiver out of his own skin and Pepper releases him to rest his head against the one in his mom's date of death while she rubs his back.
"I can handle a little pain," Kamala says over her shoulder.
NATASHA:
"You know I do," T'Challa says. Tony reaches out blindly, fingers tapping a beat on T'Challa's knee. It might be Debussy again, he's not sure.
“You are
Tony is sick of locking himself up in that bunker every night, letting Steve or Bucky kill him. He wants to leave that place and dream of his mother without pain or fear.
The first thing Kamala Khan ever says to him is "Oh, it's
Tony knows now how arrogant that statement is, even if he finds himself agreeing with most of it, but he doesn't say this to Peter. Peter's telling the God's honest truth.
"Zola-" Steve breathes. Bucky. But Madame Hydra laughs.
. But Tony, listen to me: we won't ever know for sure. Everyone who was involved is dead, besides Barnes, and I don't think he'll know what really happened, anyway. Maybe it was Howard Stark's formula or maybe a couple of HYDRA's scientists decided to do some recreating of their own. We will
Maybe they won't sign. Tony wouldn't chase them down if they didn't; so far they're pretty small-time and have the loyalty of their neighborhoods behind them. But the cops could. The government could. The government will, if Ross gets his way.
"Tony," Rhodey starts and then sighs, running his hand over his head. "You already understand why he did what he did. Not like it's hard to figure out, we fought over it. That's why you're not gonna call. You already get it and it's not good enough. That's fine, Tones. You've done inexcusable shit before that I got over. You need time, you take time. Viz and I got this."
"They're annoying is what they are," Lukin replies bluntly, but its all that armed forces joking that Tony has never quite understood, because Rhodey just laughs. "I wanted to meet you today, Iron Man, War Machine, Vision - in case we don't have time tomorrow. President Ellis has asked me to sit in on the hearing and the council has graciously agreed. In my opinion, the whole thing has been overblown."
It's a tease, a trick to lighten the mood, and Steve chuckles obligingly. "Sorry I wasn't there to witness the wake up. Must've been some bedhead."
"Oh, I have them," she says cheerfully, and licks the blood off her fingertips because she is probably insane. "I just choose not to use them. Your legwork is still shit. Who taught you to fight?" Steve answers that with a glare that has absolutely no affect on her. "Well. Maybe you're just a slow learner. We'll work on it."
NATASHA:
And Steve, glorious, righteous Captain America, stared at Tony, jaw tight, chin tilted up, eyes defiant. It's the expression that had crossed Steve's face when he broke the reactor. Pained, yes, but so resigned. Like he couldn't have stopped this from happening. Like what he did to Tony was an acceptable loss.
Wanda's eyes spark red and the air around them seems to tremble. "I helped make a monster of the one who made a monster out of me. He made one of his own and his creation killed my brother. I don't know what could have prevented it but I...I think about it all the time."
Thinks of his father, then, the way he'd cuff him across the ear if he heard Tony's thoughts now. Howard would say that it wasn't luck at all, that is was just how Steve was. "The best man I ever knew. Even before the serum, Steve Rogers was as good as they come." He can smell the alcohol on his father's breath across thirty years. Scotch. Stark men love their Scotch.
"How do I do that?"
"Captain Rogers left Wakanda in the company of Nicholas Fury," T'Challa suddenly says, and Tony stumbles, throwing the beat off entirely.
How do you deal with the really bad days?
He picks up the phone, dropping it into his pocket, then folds up the drawing and places it inside his jacket. His small suitcase is heavy in his hands as he heads out, following FRIDAY's voice to the room T'Challa has chosen. It's a large dining room by any other standards then a royal palace, and T'Challa is already there, standing at the head of the table, watching Tony approach.
There was nothing you could have done, Captain. You being there would have changed nothing. We did as best as could possibly be done.
!" Aamir admonishes, and she turns to her brother.
And that – that had been Steve’s voice. Tony went a little slack with shock, giving ground to whatever force had a hold of him, before his senses came back.
"Hopefully less than there would be if I let all of you run around half-cocked like you did last May," Fury retorts sharply. "In this line of work, the job is to save as many as we can. Sometimes the way to do that isn't the way of righteousness after all. There isn't any more room for mistakes or personal feelings, Captain. As long as both teams do their jobs, we can take HYDRA down. So what's it going to be?"
"And why is that, Mr. Stark? This Winter Soldier murdered your parents, we have all seen it," the councilwoman from England asks. "You are not the only one who has suffered at his hands."
She smiles graciously and gets to her feet, heading off to give more goodbyes to Scott. Sam, sensing Steve's spiralling mood, leaves as well.
Beside him, Obie waved, then brought that same hand down to clamp onto Howard's shoulder and lead him away. "I'll be staying for dinner, of course," he said. "Can't resist your Ana's cake. I assume you're keeping it a surprise until then, but you can let old Obie in on it: what have you and Maria gotten for the boy this year?"
Every time he does something. Sometimes it's violent, he takes Tony out before the other man can move. Sometimes it's not, and he explains everything. Sometimes he says 'I'm sorry.'
"Sweetie, I
Tony said you would come if called. Please note this is not a call, Captain. Thank you for informing me. I'm quite well, considering.
much here. He’d never even gone to college in his time, too poor and then fighting, and now he was thrust into science classes whose
“I’ll text you later,” he tossed over, just to assure her he wasn’t mad. Jan, the absolute angel, let him be.
Because that's what Bruce's dad was, as well, in his mind. It takes effort not to touch him in comfort. "It doesn't have to mean that."
"All my remaining limbs are intact," Bucky says, and it's so dry, so Bucky. The corner of Steve's eyes sting. "I'm fine, punk. We
. It can't last for long; it never did before. Those two can't bear to be wrong. They'll find something else to fight about and their sidekicks will pick sides and everything will be wonderful again."
Tony crosses his arms, thinking hard even as he minds Kamala, crossing the lab to stand in front of the new Mark II, black and gold and no visible central arc reactor. "There may be something. A dampener. It probably won't feel very good." He remembers Wanda near-catatonic in her cell, that bright red light blinking around her throat.
“I got it from my mom,” he slurs, apropos of nothing until he glares blearily at me. “It’s my turn to share, right?” I nod hesitantly, because we’ve talked about everything but Maria Stark. Tony’s mother is sacred, secret.
One goes like this:
"What do you want, Stark?" she growls.
"Civil War."
"Oh," Steve breathes. "I've brought someone who's pretty damn excited to see you again."
"You can't make yourself a verb, it's lame. You'll be arrested."
Steve stared up at the Tower for a moment longer, and then followed.
"What about me screams blue? Do I look like a blue person to you, Kama-chameleon?"
"Tony," he rumbles, trying so obviously to pull on a dignified mask even though Tony has just woken him. "What is wrong? Is this an Assembly?"
“Making it better,” Steve says, and the next time he leans in Tony turns his head, catching him in their new first kiss.
The other man goes through a whole range of motions and expressions that are suppressed and shuttered before they can be fully expressed. It's unnatural to watch, like a doll trying to bring itself to life, and failing every time. "So you'll use me."
"So the hydra is chopping off it's own heads now?" Steve says, inwardly reeling.
"Tony," Bruce says on a gasp.
"I do not think-"
Vision already got Spider-Man down from the wall, setting him down gently on the ground and helping Peter peel back his suit so they can take a peek. "I told you, kid, I fucking told you," Clint is saying, worry seeping through his voice. When Tony comes skidding to his side, he can see Peter's mechanical eyes dilating back and forth rapidly, meaning the kid inside isn't even tracking. "There's no need to push yourself."
"FRIDAY," he gasps. He can't get up. His chest weighs a ton. Is he - still dreaming? This doesn't look like Afghanistan.
They fight, more often than not, Steve vacillating wildly between apologetic  and defensive. He stands his ground, always, and it used to impress the hell out of Tony but now all he can see is curled fists and a jutting, clenched jaw and sparking eyes and he’s scared, of course he is, the bruises Steve left didn’t fade for months, but more than that: this is the little guy coming out in Steve, the one who stood up to bullies, the one who Steve himself had written a letter to Tony telling him that he had no one.
Natasha smiles like her face doesn't remember how to and Tony, just a little bit, lets go. Lets it settle. He doesn't trust her. He doesn't even think Natasha trusts herself, and that's why he votes yes on her reinstatement as well.
might
"It's...it's nice, I guess?"
Inside is another copy of the Accords, negotiated between three parties. The UN Accords Panel, the Avengers Iniative, and Hope van Dyne.
"Thanks for stopping by," Rhodey adds flatly. Ross looks in between the three of them and smirks a little before turning back to Tony.
Natasha lays her hands flat on the table, taking a deep breath. "Right now, that law is
Tony beats at the stone again,
Steve is watching the one currently showing Tony Stark in front of a sea of cameras, the dissipating cloud of Terrigenesis behind him in the morning light. "We've conducted studies on the few samples we've been able to obtain of the contaminant," Tony is replying to one reporter asking when Brussels will be fully safe again. "Once it drops below a certain threshold of parts per million by volume in the air it becomes ineffective. The police have been informed and will let the city know when they deem it safe; any further questions on that should most likely be left to them."
Luke Cage makes Daredevil seem like cake, sneering at Tony before he makes it all the way inside. Tony points at him. "I know that face. That face is not my friend. So I'm gonna do my pitch, leave a huge tip and this giant hunk of paper, then I'm gonna split. Deal?"
In response Steve points towards another TV, where a camera pans across the empty streets of downtown Brussels. "And how many people are going to pay the price, Fury?"
1872 Marvel is a real comics series.
“She got better. She didn’t have to be drunk to smile or be happy. And she still loved me just the same, even though if she was sitting here with us right now, she would tell you - I was her trauma. I ruined her life.”
let me know if that ever works out for you.
this time. "They said on the news - they said '
"Did I wake you up?" He says muzzily. He's fallen asleep on the couch in the tiny common room that conjoins their two rooms. He wonders if he screamed.
The Chitauri wandered the campus day and night, but Ronan was being cautious after his first attack failed and the Guardians were subsequently freed from their escape pods, sending them out in ones and twos that were dispatched easily enough. Even now, any who wandered close to the group relaxing on the field of Avengers Stadium were taken out by Taskmaster and Red Hulk, who merely added the decapitated heads of the fallen to their growing supply of Chitauriballs.
think of what happened the last time he lost control around this man.
“I think I’m getting burnt,” he announced abruptly, standing up and grabbing his jacket.
"Call me with whatever you decide."
"I'm not the one who took it. I'm not the one who
He looks around and it's all so unfamiliar. For a moment Steve feels utterly lost and untethered. For a moment he can't comprehend what he's looking at, or how he got here, or what he's doing here-
"Because physics is just so exciting," Natasha says dryly. "Lukin?"
I never wanted that to happen. It was private.
"Fury, are you -" Steve can't speak past the rage in his throat. "Are you
"Okay, look, that didn't come out right. I need you to ask Scott Lang to get himself arrested so we can extradite him and bring him home to his family. You met Hope? That's his girlfriend. She came here for him."
"Adams is right, of course," the Belgian rep says. "Whatever we argue in here, due process of the law cannot be ignored. You will have your trial, Mr. Stark. We will contact you later on the date."
The images go black and white. Tony leans forward, feels the ground spin away from underneath him. "I know that road..."
The other Tony eyed him, not particularly friendly, but not with the burning contempt Steve had been met with thus far. “…you’re not as good at these speeches as my Cap,” he finally declared and Steve, surprised, let out the breath he’d been unknowingly holding in a punched out laugh. “Yeah, its okay, you can laugh. That’s a compliment.”
"I'm not going to lie to you," he says instead. "You scare the crap out of me, kid. I dragged you into this whole mess, and since then you've had a plane thrown at you, a shipping crate dropped on you, you've been shot, you've been concussed and had broken bones. I had you sign the Accords."
She can't hurt him. It's not in her code, and she can't develop logical overrides like JARVIS or Ultron could. But she's not his prisoner or his slave, she's his kid and his partner and Tony loves her. "FRIDAY, what do you think of this?" he tries.
Rhodey had relaxed after that but Tony is sure to this day that if he searches long enough, he'll find his old sternum wrapped up in a room somewhere. A reminder.)
Barnes is brought in it'll be clear that he was just as much a victim of HYDRA as anyone else, but he doesn't. He can't. His silence scalds his throat dry.
"That's a tough path to go down."
And that may well have been true, but it did not stop Steve from throwing a betrayed look Jan's way. Over the comm, now curiously breathless, Tony said
He didn't know. He thought he did, going in, he thought all the same things that Tandy had just told him. Fury always knows something, and he brought Steve and Sam here for a purpose. Better to have them under his wing and in his debt that out in Wakanda waiting to cause trouble, right? But it's harder, so much harder than before, even with a purpose in front of him, to fight against - anything. Everything.
"I'm not looking for a perfect soldier, Leighton," he tells her.
to me, after Uncle Ben," he says, eyes faraway. "He couldn't be there all the time, I mean, I had Ned, too, but. He helped - or I guess Mr. Osborn did? I'm still not sure - he helped pay for part of the funeral. Without letting Aunt May know either, cause she's got her pride. I can't ever repay him for that, I just wish I could be there for him like he was for me."
“To Guinevere, Lancelot, and painted whores,” Tony murmured into Steven’s mouth. “And Jarvis.”
"Yeah, like proper legends. Evil-doers beware!" Bucky answered, brandishing his free fist in front of him. "Like Achilles and Patroclus. Taking on those thieving Trojans."
" Steve growls. "Were you really surprised?"
By the time Tony's comes back to himself, Donnie is cold and still in the chamber, a bullet hole between his eyes.
Both Cloak and Dagger have been Inhumans from a relatively young age, and Diamondback was enhanced in some way, probably similar to Natasha's extra-ordinary skills. Dagger is no walk in the park to get through, having spent three years blind after an injury acquired in a SHIELD operation. There are notes from that time period advising her handler to 'take her out' as she was a liability but the handler apparently refused; not for Dagger's sake, but for the influence she had over Cloak. The whole thing makes Steve want to hurl, so he drinks instead.
built it, just like I build everything else. This is what I can do; this is how I can fight. We can't all be you!"
They leave it at that. It's enough.
"You're a strange one," Stark told the robot, blinking slowly at him as if his eyes were playing tricks on him. "Where do you hail from, friend?"
And Steve glances to the side, at the bomb, the cracked and
The Guardians of the Galaxy had arrived not five days ago, the
No one gets left in the cold anymore.
Tony doesn't answer because he still believes in these Accords, still believes in the cooperation they represent. He can't be the playboy who denied his suits to Congress with a peace sign anymore, even if he never will give his suits up (
"No bargain. Just food. I'm not in the business of torture, Miss Sarkissian." The Madame only reacts to her real name with a quirk of the eyebrow.
"Strategic retreat," Bruce answers promptly, a sly grin creeping across his face when Tony laughs. It disappears only a moment later as he gestures towards the container. "If you'd like, I can get started on that while you're meeting with the others."
"I..." he says, trying to think. She lays a hand on his shoulder.
"Well. I made weapons for the war. The Civil War," Stark began after a very long pause, shoulders hunching even further. "I blew boys to bits, and I got richer and richer. I didn't really care. Better a cannon made by me then a Hammer defect that would blow up in your face. I was proud of those weapons, do you know. They were so efficient.
"There are more important things than the Avengers, Scott," Steve says quietly.
"A supervillain?" Natasha guesses and Tony quirks his lips at her, thankful that she appears to be shaking off Clint's words. "Clint, if we had gone in there, ignored a sovereign's states express wishes, we would essentially have been invading them. The world already doesn't trust us, if they saw us go back on our word? Forget any chance of this ever working in the future."
Four huddle in close to War Machine and he takes off while Tony picks up a few of his own. "Daredevil should be up here any moment. Keep the bastard occupied until we get back. I'll keep him in the air while War Machine evacuates. Got it?"
"Tony." She pulls back. "I watched Steve do this, you know, exactly this. Try to take on the entire world. Didn't work out very well for him. It's not happening to you."
"No? So, what?" She asks, looking a little surprised. "Was I unsuccessful, then?"
"And untenable," Natasha mutters. Tony swallows hard, and nods.
"Email pparker@msst.edu, no subject line, body reads." Tony swallows, opens his mouth to cancel the whole thing, and then braves on. "
. And is Mini-me hosting movie nights? How domestic.”
Kamala waves a hand at him and Tony winces when her arm stretches out a little too long at the gesture. "Oh, he's fine. I can't believe you call him Dummy, that's so mean."
They have not spoken in a non-professional manner since even before their break up but she is at his side in a moment.
-We're with you.
"Please do not tell me you're having an epiphany about
They move to close and Tony finds himself speaking again. "Regarding the rogue Avengers." The room freezes.
"I'll get this to Fury. Hit the showers, team. You did good work today." It sounds rote even to his own ears but they all nod and depart at his dismissal.
"Your teammates were quite ready to depart, I believe," he tells Tony. "Everything went well, I assume?"
Today is the day, Steve thinks as he lies in bed. Today is the day he won't get up. It's nice here. It's warm. He's safe. Just today. He'll be better tomorrow.
," Tony says acidly, which earns him an odd look from Barnes that he can't read. He sighs. "I'll tell the world what they need to know to see that you're innocent."
Tony knows she idolizes them all to an extent, and he never wants to break her of her wonder of heroes the way his father broke him. But it's also important that he be honest with her. "You know the first time I took the armor out I drove it into traffic and nearly got myself killed trying to break an altitude record? If you were talking to that Tony Stark from years ago, he would tell you that sometimes you gotta run before you walk. He was...a different person. Maybe not a bad one, probably not a good one, but a dumbass who didn't know what he was really getting into. I wanted to right my wrongs, but along the way I broke almost as much as I fixed because I didn't-" He inhales sharply and Rhodey desperately looks like he wants to cut in but Tony continues. "I didn't get it. That first flight? Happiest moment of my life. I had the power to change things that I didn't before, and I thought that that meant I had a responsibility to do so. I still think that, really. I did more than enough sitting on the sidelines for the first forty years of my life and it got a lot of people killed. But I also have a responsibility towards the people I claim to protect, because they never asked for it. I'm not gonna go all noble on you and say that I'd give up that first flight to change things, because I wouldn't, but there's a lot I would give back just to have that Tony Stark know what I know now: the moment you use those powers in the name of another person, you owe that person to use them to the best of your abilities.
Against his will Tony's face twists up as he fights back the burning in his eyes. "I have to make this work."
In the silence that falls when he's done Steve can practically hear his delayed embarrassment. Bucky always hated his sappy side. "Look," he follows up gruffly. "You can't cut it out of you anymore than I can get the Soldier out of me. It's part of you. You just -
about Kamala and Spider-Man, you're thinking about what's right in front of you, but what you're talking about - what you yourself just talked about on TV and, oh the program you and Hawkeye are developing? Don't think the rest of the world won't take note - you're talking about
Natasha nods, her face impassive even as her eyes zero in on the bags under Tony's eyes. There will be
There's nothing here. It's not fair of him, to hold them up to ghosts and find them wanting. He should try harder. But the thought of - of making a team out of this, caring for them and having them all ripped away is just -
SPIDER-MAN:
"It's not so much advice, really." He turns so he faces into the room with her, and they watch Madame Hydra's monitor beep steadily. "Just an ugly truth. There are things you can't change. And you have to live with them. No matter what you do to her, nothing is going to change what happened to your friends. Or you, Diamondback." He sees her hands clench into fists in the corner of his eyes and lowers his head. "I'm sorry."
No. No. They said- Steve said- where is the reactor? If he can't get all the parts to work together, the whole thing will fall apart.
A strange mist bursts one day over the skies of Newark, New Jersey, and the Avengers are called in. It's a shitshow from start to finish, even when Coulson's team shows up to help. "Terrigen!" Agent Johnson tells them helpfully as they escort citizens to quarantine.
The other box would be going to the next pair. "For my brother in science and the most terrifying light of my life," he says to Bruce and Natasha, and he holds up an entire key ring. "Pick a set, any set. Unless - Rhodes, buddy, you calling a pair?"
"Confirmed, Cloak. Get out of there."
"He was becoming more and more distressed. I was concerned for him," Wanda finishes. Her eyes narrow. "What is your plan here, Stark?"
She jumped when he spoke. She hadn’t felt his presence at the door. She never did, anymore.
Tony kept saying he was trying to help.
"Maximoff still has to answer for Lagos."
"Lang?" she asks, quirking an eyebrow.
There is a long pause, longer than there should be. Like FRIDAY is thinking, like FRIDAY doesn't think faster than anything else on the planet besides Vision. "FRIDAY," he snaps, and there is an odd sound of static before the AI speaks again.
"I don't know. We've been trying to figure that out. I've been following other leads, but they're all long-shots, coincidences, chases of the waterfowl variety. I've got my best girl on it-" he says, pitching his voice louder and jerking his hand so that a holographic screen pops up in front of his face. With a touch of his finger, the formula for Terrigenesis appears on screen. Tony's practically memorized it now. "Fry?"
He turns to Tony when he is done speaking, an almost self-deprecating smile on his face that Tony has never seen before. "You're not actually real, are you?" Tony accuses, and the man laughs. For good measure, he reaches out and pokes T'Challa, just to be sure. "You're actually made of fairy dust and unicorns."
"Sorry," he says, and with tact that surprises him she doesn't mention the way his voice cracks. "I just considered taking my own advice."
it was something to behold live - but its better to keep everyone separate. The Avengers being spotted all in one place could lead to nothing but trouble.
. The people may fail but the purpose is true. Our faith may waver and others may be...
"He'd be my responsibility. I'd protect him," he finishes.
Betrayal, Tony decides, tastes like rusty pennies.
Fury snorts derisively and mouths 'bait' to himself. "The Avengers can take care of themselves. I didn't put together a team of fools, Captain, and neither did Stark. HYDRA can try their best against them and they'll lose, and while they're doing that we'll be stealing everything they have right from under their nose." Steve gapes at him wordlessly and Fury's smirk is very satisfied. "What can you do, Captain, besides keep going? You go to Tony now, tell him what I told you and I guarantee you his plans will not change in the slightest. He'd probably even agree with me; he likes to pretend he's a pragmatist every once in awhile. You want to swap stories with Romanov, go right ahead. Anything that gives the Avengers an edge.
Title is a stock phrase Cap uses in the game.
Something passed through Steve’s eyes, so fast he couldn’t place it, and they flickered down once, twice, to the arc reactor. His jaw tightened and for a moment he looked exactly like the Steve that was probably asleep in the dorms two hundred feet away, and then he smiled again as the armor arrived, touching down.
Tony nods sagely. "Get it done before the press does, or they'll name you
Steve straightens as the memory comes back to him. "Oh."
Steve scoffed, but it was all wrong, panicked and a little watery. "Tony, do you even
"I have no idea. I'm at the compound." The camera suddenly jerks upward to watch Spider-Man swing through the air, landing on the side of the building and scuttling inside. "FRIDAY, we got eyes and ears on Stark Tower, can we get a read on Oscorp from here?"
"HYDRA programmed a trigger into Mr. Gill. Code words that would set him off." A chill slips down Tony's spine as Coulson explains, and he can't help staring at Blizzard even when he sees the kid start to freak out. A new Bucky Barnes to torment him. "The technology that you showed at MIT - we believe it can help undo the programming."
He had given up and headed for the nearest source of alcohol when he saw Steve standing at the ledge of the balcony, leaning. The light of the moon and the city have washed him out, the gold of his hair gone silver and his pale skin gone white. He looks like a statue. Screw it, he thinks, and heads outside.
If BARF works on Donald Gill, it could work on others.
"I don't have to do shit, majesty, this isn't Wakanda. This is my compound and that's my tech in there, and that's where it's staying. Oh c'mon. We both know why you're here."
"Sure, Tony. Thanks."
Jessica Jones says "Looks like you boys are having some trouble."
"Move, Ty," he growled, wishing not the first time the other boy didn't have two years and four inches on him.
Rhodey's hand is a solid weight on his shoulder, more solid than the wall Tony is leaning against or the ground beneath his feet. He doesn't know how long he's been standing here, or even how he got to this hallway. He should be checking on Kamala, calling her brother, making sure Donnie's settled downstairs, make sure no one goes looking for Bruce, he should be moving now. He'll just - he's going to get up, right now, and move, just - half a second and -
The others says their goodbyes to Peter and Kamala seems cheered by his company. On his way out, Tony presses his hand to Natasha's shoulder and she taps it once, nods her head knowingly.
"I'll come back for you," he promises, picturing Germany, Steve storming ahead with his shield while the Commandos leave Bucky in a sniper's perch.
to me. If I could go back-" He stops, and Steve waits for him. "If I could go back," he says lowly. "It'd still be in front of me. Waiting. So I can't."
"Whatever happens, whatever we find, it isn't your fault." Bruce's hand is heavy on his shoulder. "You're not your father, Tony. You proved that six years ago."
He's preening, joking, serious and playful by turns, and Steve's Bucky is still in there, but it's like looking through a kaleidoscope: he's just one part in a sea of many, now. Is how Bucky sees the whole world? Is this how Steve's been looking, instead of taking in the whole picture?
"See?" Tandy says, teasing but sharp. "We're all just surviving here off the scraps Fury gives us. I thought you coming here might shake a things up but so far-" and she softens it with a smile so Steve doesn't feel so much like a waste of space.
"Kamala Khan says everything that comes into her brain, doesn't she?" Tony asks with a roll of his eyes. "Yes, good eyes, Nat. This isn't the armor."
Yeah, Tony kinda outed Peter over the comms. To literally Rhodey, since DD was done for the count and its not like Jessica cares. Everybody wave to Peter because we won't be seeing as much of him over the next few chapters.
It's not good, that day. Donnie jumps all the way back to when the words were first embedded him, which is usually a good thing because the words weren't so ingrained then and he can relearn from this memory what it was like to hear the sequence and not feel anything. But midway through, Donnie triggers, going stock still and demanding orders, over and over until Tony can talk him back through the intercom.
"I missed you," Stark repeated. "You look - so young. And that hair. What have you been doing with yourself, Sheriff?"
"I don't work at Ross' side." Calm, keep calm, think zen
NATASHA:
"About the war?" He hears Vision put the beaker down, the synthezoid's full gaze on him.
Maybe, Jan thought a bit desperately, revising her earlier opinion, maybe they’d just restrict them to bro-nods and manly grunts whenever they crossed paths. “Tony,” she said quietly, just a hint of admonishment in her tone, as she reached her best friend’s side. Tony looked down at her, the fight in him draining just a bit, and then looked back up at Steve-
"I mean, you read the news, right? Osborn's dead. And I wouldn't normally make a fuss, one more insane person in the world is no skin off my back, but it's suspicious, is all. I recently received some information about some of his dealings and they were...untoward, to put it mildly."
Kamala turns crimson. "I mean, I would be totally grateful, Mr. Hawkeye, don't get me wrong - I mean, yeah, I'm in. Thank you for having me!"
this is Clint. Tasha gave me her phone to use.
"It's the right thing to do," he says firmly, clearing his throat and straightening in his seat.
"I'll get him back," he tells Wanda reassuringly. She is curled into a tight ball on the peculiar floor bags Wakanda seems to like while Scott hovers worriedly at her back.
"The whole time," Tony agrees easily. "I'll even wear a bullet proof vest. Punch in the coordinates, let's fly."
And Tony led him down the lawn towards Sam and the kids, babbling about how the dog in the movie could not possibly live through the explosion that just occurred "but isn't it great that he does?" and mocking bad science, giving that same bright smile to Steve over and over as if daring Steve to return it with one of his own.
The kettle is whistling by the time Clint comes in, Kamala and Aamir trailing in after him. Tony raises an eyebrow at the elder Khan's presence but he supposes as Kamala's guardian he has just as much right to be here as the rest of them. "Oh, tea!" Kamala coos. "What kind?"
"'Fraid so," Bucky answers. There's a smile in his voice that Steve can't picture. "Did I call too early? I...don't know where you are, so I figured I'd just call whenever I worked up the nerve."
seemed advance and history lessons that told him about a future he never got to have. He’d led the Howling Commandos as best he could, but how could that prepare him for a team of young heroes who could wipe the floor with whole platoons of the Axis armies?*
They’re not a couple, but they exchange ‘I love you’s often. And every time, Steve feels something strengthen within him. Figuring out how to love Tony without the oppressive need to keep him safe and keep him at his side, trimming back his emotions when they teeter on the edge of obsession is one of the hardest things he’s ever had to do, but one of the most rewarding. Tony, too, no longer looks at him the way he always used to, that shining awe edged with self-loathing and trepidation. It’s replaced with something much softer, more real.
"FRIDAY," Natasha says immediately, and her phone gives a little ding in response. Natasha looks from it to the transcript to Tony and her eyes are infinitely softer than they were in Belgium. "I'll be careful."
(See the end of the chapter for
He sits down beside her and places his hand close to hers. "Your brother should be here any minute. Rhodey decided I should take a break and went to pick him up. He's going to be so happy to see you." The beep of Kamala's heart monitor is so loud in the room. Her skin has only just stopped glowing from the last power spike. "I'm glad that - you're not okay, Kamala, but you're intact. And you're not alone. Spider-Man and Blizzard are going to drive you nuts and Natasha ninja-moms people, so you've got that to look forward to. I swear it won't be all bad. I'll be here too, if you'll have me. Which, you know, totally your choice, but there it is. I want you to know all your options."
"Business in the city," Rhodey and Tony answer at the same time. Tony glares playfully at his best friend, who just sighs. "Be safe, Tones."
But this - this is hope, even just a little. Steve Rogers can do a lot with a little.
"Better he be lost out there then charging in here, guns blazing, where he is still very much a wanted criminal. I've been working with what I've got with the International Courts, but getting most of the charges dropped against Lang and Barton has made a lot of them more eager to throw the damn book at Rogers."
When Spider-Man is back on the roof, Tony tags out, sending him after Green while he grabs up three passengers and takes them down below. He takes Luke with him and leaves him on the roof to help the others as Tony skims along the building, picking up survivors waving their lab coats out of the busted windows to be noticed. Jessica is aiding the firefighters on the lower levels, carrying the heavier water hoses and maintaining a hover between twenty to thirty feet.
He doesn’t even love him when they kiss for the first time. Part of that might be the fact that his chest is still on fire and Steve’s cheeks are still a little wet. Part of it might be the fact that he knows he and Steve are broken, that this might be the worst thing that will happen to either of them.
"I have a name."
Natasha Romanov really just wants a home.
"What happened to 'on the clock?'" Sam asks with a smirk that Fury returns.
. “Ugh,” Tony groaned, pushing at broad, broad shoulders. “Get off, get off me.”
He hears a shout over the comms and then Daredevil is tumbling over the side of the building, falling thirty feet before being snatched up by War Machine. "He's out," Rhodey says over the comms, descending to the ground and reminding the police there's a strict order to not remove DD's mask.
"Yeah, to see the last memory of my
He wonders if Barnes even has that.
If Iron Man hadn't been there. If Tony hadn't flown through the portal. Well, Steve doesn't have Tony anymore and he might never have him again. He has to soldier on anyway. He did it once; he survived without Bucky and he saved the world. Damn if it wasn't the hardest thing he'd ever had to do. He could do it again, he could keep on living after everything is gone. It's an old wound by now.
A battered exhale. "Tony? Please tell me you're coming." Peter's voice is so small. "I'm not doing so hot."
And Steve - bursts into laughter, taking himself by surprise. "Thanks, Buck," he drawls when can breathe again, wiping at his eyes.
a scrawl reads on the front, and that is Tony's writing. Steve's whole body tenses, curls over the slip of brown paper.
"Spider-Man," Peter commiserates. "Man who is a spider. Wow. So creative." He shakes a fist at the sky, probably cursing J Jonah Jameson's name.
He wishes he could describe it to her, the moment he got the text from the anonymous source detailing all the Avengers had gathered, the one that must have been authorized by Tony if it didn't come from the man himself. The feeling of belonging, of being let in from the cold, the moment when he asked for a hand up and was lifted on to his feet. It's not how it was - the silence and distance still stings - but he had promised Tony once that if he was needed, he would be there. And he intended to keep it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He lets go. It's not a heart at all, but his missing arc reactor. There are cracks running through it, a long line through the center like it had been struck with force by a blunt edge, and though in the real world it would have been broken and dead, here, it holds.
They turned, watching, waiting for the blow up, for the moment to act, but Tony just balled his fists and stood his ground. “Nobody said that you were, Cap.”
TELL TONY TO STOP GIVING OUT THIS NUMBER
"I'll tell you what, Elastic Fantastic, you get to designing your uniform and you can put as much blue in as you want."
The video was up on YouTube for an hour before anyone flagged it, racked up two million views before it was taken down. Pepper's called like eighty times and Tony really needs to get on top of this whole thing but for now he takes another sip of scotch and curls up in his lab.
Both froze, sizing each other for a moment, before the man stood – and stood – and stood. Tony found himself gaping. “How much of you
"Don't knock the validation of your feelings, Rogers. Sometimes you need to be told emotions are okay. It's a thing, it's cool, it's why you have me. You're welcome," Sam preens. The heaviness from before is lifting by the second. "So what are we going to do, Cap?"
“Sometimes I have nightmares,” Tony says out to the sky. “But. They’re just memories.”
. Maybe Howard had loved Steve, truly, but by his own account he had loved Tony, too, in his own way: as his
"Silent treatment, real mature," is Tony's opening salvo. Nat shoots him an exasperated glance and he barrels forward. "Listen, Barton, I like being here as much as you do, so let's get this over quick: you're going to trial. You broke an international law ratified by the United fucking Nations and you helped blow up a German airport. It's not looking good."
"We change the memory," Tony answers. "We find the first time you heard the words and they worked, the first time the pattern was established, and we alter it. Breaking the cycle."
Steve was still a little woozy, and more than a little indignant. He sagged against his soulmate and huffed. "I just couldn't, Bucky."
"Until you didn't," he snipes. Pepper takes it in stride, nodding.
He runs the risk of serious frostbite, but he wants to get everything back on track. So he knocks on Donnie's door, his bedroom next to the lab, and holds up the BARF regulator silently when the younger man answers.
Fury, Steve decided, needed a stern talking to. But as he thought more over Rhodes' words, his heart sank as his earlier accusation was proven true. "He got scared. Overcompensated."
"Sounds an awful lot like you're asking me for a favor, Toto."
“Oh!” They all darted forward at once, six children all eager to even touch Captain America’s shield. Their smiles were bright, and happy, and contagious. The encounter with that cold stranger almost melted away.
wish me luck
"Yeah," he said, face going very carefully and deliberately blank. "Yeah, I'm done." He turned, faceplate snapping shut, and burst into the air, flying away.
He's not talking about T'Challa, or the Wakandans. He's talking about HYDRA.
Stark was watching him carefully, sitting straighter in his stool then he had all evening, his eyes sad and knowing. Finally, he spoke. "If I had destroyed myself but kept you safe doing it, I would have died a man proud," Stark said quietly. "I had the power to help you, and I didn't. If I had acted, been smarter or faster, if I had
Tony. Why am I getting emails from a very aggrieved personal assistant at OsCorp asking me to intervene in the, and I quote, 'mercenary soliciting from Mr. Stark that would make telemarketers cream their pants'?
"I made Ultron."
"Seems I'm gonna have to beef up the security."
Previous evidence suggests you are lying.
." Peter laughs. "You keep the mask on, Peter, but someone's still accountable. That was the deal. Your first psych eval is on Saturday. Take this." He hands Peter a card with his masked picture and 'SPIDER-MAN' written on it. "If you need us, press that little silver square. It's a communicator."
Vision doesn't speak.
"Lucky?" Tony says, swiping at another arrow schematic that he wasn't paying attention to, ignoring the work on Terrigenesis waiting for him. "We must be if you're chalking up to luck instead of your mad skills."
Luke Cage's panting is loud in his helmet. "Two blocks out. Daredevil's running the rooftops. Gotta say I didn't expect to see you in our neck of the woods, Tin Can."
"You're just not there yet. It took JARVIS a long time to hack without being detected. I shouldn't have thrown you in the deep end like that. We'll figure it out, Fry, don't worry. What's next on the list?"
“I’m sure,” Big Steve conceded graciously.
"And there he is," the scientist snarls. "Tony Stark, government lapdog. You have the
There’s something about the angle of Steve’s body as he leans over the railing. Something about the curve of his neck as he stares down at the street. Something about the arch of his feet, neither planted on the ground. Unsteady, the engineer in him thinks. Ready to fall-
(See the end of the chapter for
And Tony wants to see Bucky personally?
"My place is with you," Rhodey says, quiet but firm, without making eye contact. "You need me."
Steve opens his mouth, ready to shoot righteous indignation, until a voice in his head that varies from word to the next from Natasha, to Rachel, to Fury, bids him to keep calm. "And what did you tell them, Miss Sarkissian?"
“Tony,” Steven breathed, torn between exasperation. “I understand you feel blame, but if I lost you-”
Sam hums. "Nah," he decides, says it frank like it's normal. "I don't...know what I'm doing? No, that's not it. I know, but its like slogging through snow uphill to get there."
"Shame," Sam mourned. A good chunk of his Twitter followers came from his multiple tweets chronicling Iron Man's ongoing struggle with flexibility.
"Sure." Sam grins wide, pleased. "Better to beat Fury to the punch anyway. Cloak and I had a running bet on when he'd give in and start calling us the Furious Five."
"I didn't realize taking a stroll in my brain one time made you an expert on how I operate," he grits out. Wanda says nothing, but he can hear the shakiness of her next exhale. Abruptly he is reminded of the dream, his black heart in Ultron's hands, and he sighs. "Look, in the interest of not getting the nearest piece of heavy machinery dropped on me again, I'll concede: my sales pitch could've have used a little work. Asking a guy to let you throw him to the wolves does not a strong foundation of trust make. But you don't actually know me very well." And he gathers up his courage, looks up. "I learn from my mistakes. Don't think for a second that I would let him go through that alone."
, what does he even mean? The Soldier, the future,
"Jesus," he whispers to himself. "Blizzard, kid, you okay?" Donald makes a choked off noise from the corner and Tony looks over, biting back a curse when he sees ice spreading across the walls. "I wasn't lying, she's going to be fine."
"Yeah, and what about the Frozen Chosen sleeping down there?" Scott asks sharply. Steve frowns at his tone and the other man scoffs. "C'mon, Captain, let's be real here. We fought your friends at the airport to save Bucky Barnes. And now you're just gonna leave him? What did we fight for?"
"I think my present was a bullseye," Obie said, inordinately pleased. Obie had always liked Tony. It was the one thing in the entire world the man had in common with Edwin Jarvis.
The man's face crumpled. "Oh, Sheriff, you do know how to hit a man where it hurts. I guess I owe you one, though. I promise - to do my best. I might could do better, but then you'll have to bargain and I warn you I used to be a hell of a salesman."
Tony leads Sharon away by the elbow out to the hall and into an empty conference room, feeling his team's narrowed eyes following him as they leave. At this rate Rhodey is going to hitch a lojack on him.
"The Panther," Bucky bursts out, gruff and unprepared for his own voice. He tilts his head a little to the side, eyes dropping then rising immediately in a manner that suggests he is actively fighting an ingrained behavior. "Told me you had the charges for the bombing dropped," he continues more smoothly.
War Machine's taken a few bad hits, one of them even precise to affect the targeting on his shoulder-mounted machine gun, but since they've stopped worrying about casualties he and Tony let out the big guns. T'Challa is a one man army, jumping from woman to woman on the ground to give them some breathing room and Widow's Bites are arcing all over the place. Quake is keeping entire units pinned to the ground while Agents May and Morse make sure they stay down. The army keeps its fire careful and precise, picking up any stragglers. Ten minutes of non-stop noise later it comes to an end, the last few HYDRA agents deciding that killing themselves is better than being taken alive.
Before now the council has always had a certain amount of time to decide what the Avengers can and cannot do. Now, as War Machine and Iron Man race towards New York City they seem to struggle under the pressure.
Tony sighs and butts his head against the back of the chair, eyeing T'Challa speculatively. "This why you've been keeping your distance lately, kitty cat?"
"The Accords are still going to be there no matter what we do," Tony says softly. "And we need to be seen as accountable, so if a blow's coming, I'll gladly take it. The Accords came to be because of fear and mistrust, and the only way we're going to fix that is proving to everyone otherwise. Reminding them of what the Avengers really stand for. If the media wants to shout fear-mongering rhetoric at them, then we make sure our actions speak even louder." He looks over at T'Challa to see the king staring back, eyes glimmering with something indefinable. "...in the meantime we amend the charter as best we can. You ready with your proposal?"
It was my decision.
Obie and his father straighten outside, shake hands; the dream is about to end and his mother's blue eyes take up his entire field of vision. He smiles at her, he always should have smiled more for her, shouldn't have been so short-tempered, should have made her stay home with him that night. "You're asking for the impossible."
"It's just. I thought like, culture shock, you know? So immersion was the way to go. Not that you can really avoid that, what with being stuck here and all." Tony looked down. "But I figured that having something that could be yours here, that you could like, point to and it was familiar? that would make it easier, at least."
"Captain Rogers agreed to stay," the king finally says, and Tony's shoulders drop from a tense hold he hadn't been entirely aware of. "For now, he said. They are safe, hidden away, and very unhappy about it."
He shouldn't have lost his temper.
, Cap," he said. His voice was getting more high-pitched, words spilling over themselves as he leaned into Cap's personal space. "We have to do more. We have to look forward. You know Rocket's gun has a thermal paste that one dab could keep my armors maintenance-free for ten years? And - and Nebula's swords? Can cut through adamantium! And Quill told me the Ravagers suits that move like leather but can stop most physical ballistics. Even my armor is weak to concentrated gunfire, not to mention the suits you guys wear - oh! They have explosives that can take out entire spaceships that would fit into the palm of my hand. Imagine having that the next time Leader tries to blow up Avengers Hall!"
Today is the day, he thinks. But tomorrow will be better.
"Yes," Natasha said, a tiny sparkle of mirth in her eyes from Tony's story dimming as she turns serious again.
“I think we may have set a record this time,” Jan remarked. “Natasha?”
"Apropos of nothing," Tony says. Hope glares at him and he concedes. "Yeah. Scott's kid. She's sent a letter or twelve. Smart kid."
is a bald faced lie, but what no one can argue, is that Tony has
Tony is geared up before Natasha finishes explaining and on the roof second only to Vision. A woman in a strange but familiar looking costume stands there, hands on her hips and looking for all the world like the Avengers have kept her waiting.
God, he still caught flashes of it in her face; that same look she had when the doctors handed Anthony Edward Stark over to his mother for the first time since the birth and she saw the boy's bare wrists. Not even the ghost of a smudge. He couldn't count how many times his wife had told him that having his name on her wrist throughout the war helped her keep going, and now she was handed a blank slate. To her, the lack of a soulmate meant the lack of a future. He'd never seen that kind of despair on his soulmate's face and he never wanted to see it again, but Tony would prove to make a it a habit of his to disappoint Howard.
Tony remained in the same spot for a long moment afterwards, staring at letter on the wall.
He didn’t move for a long moment, and then it was a string had snapped within him. He lurched forward, the smell of stale whiskey on his breath choking her. “Say it plain, woman. Worse soulmates, you mean. Like me, you mean.”
was patched up.
It's like I told you. Staying together is more important than how we do it.
is. He shifts his grip so he and Vision are holding each other's wrists. "You lost something, too. I'm sorry."
"I'm not mad. Honestly, it didn't even occur to me that being mad at you was a possibility. That evidence has been a noose around my neck for years, even if I didn't know it was there. We're good, Panther."
But Ty is surprisingly quiet on the other end for a long minute. When he speaks, his voice vacillates between his Serious Journalist Voice and real sincerity. "They're scared, T. Newark was one thing, an extremely terrifying thing that brought back a lot of bad memories for the entire region. Whole families died in that neighborhood. But now its happened again and has apparently blindsided everyone, including the people sworn to protect us. For every person who insists that living in fear is giving the terrorists exactly what they want, you've got another who wants to nuke whole sections of the planet to hell just so they can feel safe. Anti-Muslim violence is on the rise again, Europe is very visibly scrambling and on top of all that the Avengers are missing half their roster and are only just now recovering their image from that time they went around destroying airports. Nobody trusts anybody. Well, that's always been the kernel of truth, the damn secret of the universe, but now more than ever. And people will forget about Brussels like they forgot about Newark and they forget about the thousand other atrocities I let pass by my desk every day because no one wants to hear about them, until it happens all over again.
"Rulk!" Pepper screeched, standing up. Though she was plenty intimidating without, she cut an imposing figure in her new Rescue armor.
"If he would've told me," Tony goes on like Bruce hadn't spoken, like now that it's out he can't stop. "Then I could've kept control. I hope I would have. If he would have just given me the chance - all he had to do was give me a chance. And maybe I wasted my first one on Ultron, but I've done some pretty great things with second chances, Bruce." Iron Man, Vision, Pepper. The Accords, even. Bruce's breathing is incredibly, deceptively even and Tony just sighs, lays his hand on top of one of Bruce's fists and squeezes. "No green, okay? Just. Let's just stay here."
. He scrolls up quickly to the start of the conversation chain, feeling the burn of Natasha's gaze upon him. "Using the number I gave you. Smart. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, it's what I gave it to you for."
He frowns. "That maybe we should move. For the kids. Do we need to get your ears checked, Tinkerbelle?"
. That's the only way Howard could love people, to make them and everything they did a part of himself.
Tony stared at his empty hand for what seemed like an eternity, then let it drop.
even when she'd played half the song for him.
Natasha and Rhodey are still deeply unhappy at this turn of events and Tony won't admit it but he's a bit frightened himself. He offered without really thinking it through, but he can't back out now. Not if it means keeping Nat and T'Challa safe and helping these people.
Tony merely raises an eyebrow.
"Yeah," Bucky replies firmly. He takes a deep breath like he has to gather himself for his next words. "And I meant it,
"Speaking from experience?" Natasha asks, glancing sidelong at him. Tony thinks briefly of a bright, burning fleet above him in a sea of stars and a brand new kind of suffocation, and smiles weakly at her. She looks down at the phone she has been fiddling with the whole flight. "We've destroyed a few bases, Tony, and I'm very much for more dead HYDRA, but this isn't stopping them. It's just making them more desperate."
He's an inventor. He's got more money than most countries, I think. He's younger than you - younger than me but he's already done so much. He's very...bright."
BANNER:
"You did just fine, sir," Vision says softly, and something lances sharp through Tony's chest at the honorific.
I mean, they phrased it nicer than that, but I could hear it. 'Creator of the atom bomb, director of SHIELD, weapons manufacturer, did he deserve to have his face caved in? More at eleven. And now, Judy with the weather.' I mean,
, it whispered back.
It helps.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath, suddenly so dizzy. He is staring at Donald or maybe Coulson now, he doesn't know. He makes himself say "Explain this theory of yours to me."
The man groaned when Steve's shin came in contact with his side, rolling over with a hand thrown across his face. "Ah. No need for violence, Danvers. Ain't that drunk today, just real tired mostly. Mostly. Had a little. No need to glare, darlin', consider my lesson well learned. I think that bartender put something in my drink." Steve watched, open-mouthed, as the man just rambled on. "That's a crime, Danvers. Man's drink should be sacred. Night in lockup, that'll fix him up right. We should tell the Sheriff. Crime on his watch! He'd never stand for it."
"That...sounds amazing." And a little impossible. "Don't leave us in suspense, dear."
Steve nodded, putting on his 'Captain face' as Sam liked to call it. Then he looked around. "Wait. Where's Tony? I don't want to get started without him."
Sam didn’t speak for a moment, just looked at him, searching for something. Then he jerked his thumb to the far corner of the small pavilion Tony had cordoned off earlier on for his Tower and his toys. “Last I saw he was with Pepper. Movies are apparently the best time to get him to sign paperwork.”
"Just the one," Tony parrots, making his smile extra wide. "I'll call it in when I need it. Just be ready."
"He wanted me to give this to you," T'Challa says quietly.
"I...hope to never find out," Steve said, honest and just a little bit concerned.
"Wanda told me Hawkeye and the little big guy had one. Stark told me the UN's just dying to put you and Wilson through the ringer, too. So I don't really suppose they'd scrimp for the infamous assassin. Stark agreed with me."
“Jan,” Natasha interrupted.
"Of course he's not going to do anything rash," Tony says, stepping forward. "He doesn't want to risk surviving and turning into what we saw back there, now does he?"
"There's my report, sir," he shoots at Fury. "You can add it to Romanov's and Barton's. Terrigen mists. Tell us so we can start negotiating with the council."
Tony stands and looks up and watches a small blonde girl teeter on the edge of the roof for one long second, her arms reaching out for someone that isn't coming as she loses the fight with gravity and falls. Tony engages the thrusters, taking off, heading straight up for her, but he can see Spider-Man at the edge, his arm reaching out and a shot of web spinning through the air for the girl's foot.
"Seems the opposite of inconspicuous," Donnie says sarcastically. "But...yeah, okay. Make it Matt Damon and I'm in.
And Natasha sat there, lamenting that once again, she had been proven the lesser spy. She should do the honorable thing, and fall on her Widow Bites.
"Thank you," he replies stiffly, going back to his computer. "So. How are you?"
There is no response and Tony puts the call on mute, turning towards Natasha. "Absolutely not. You are not going in alone."
Tony sends them to background chatter. "FRIDAY, you got that last bit for me?" At her confirmation he grins savagely. "Open up the line to the council again." Before the representative can even speak, Tony lets FRIDAY play out the conversation between Spider-Man and Iron Man. When it ends he hears nothing but quiet. "That enough threat analysis for you, sir?"
"And how does keeping your best people in the dark help with that?" Steve asks skeptically. "You've tried this before Fury, with the Tesseract and Project Insight. It always blows up in your face and we have to clean up the mess you've made."
"Why?"
"Yes," the agent agrees succinctly. He pressed a button on the phone and it rings once.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, and he hoped to God the voice modulator filtered out that breathless quality. He coughed a little, wringing his iron fingers together. “Who else can pull off stars and stripes?” And praise Einstein, was that a smile on Steve Rogers face? Better ruin this while there’s something to ruin, Tony. “And just so you know: this isn’t an apology, okay? I don’t think I was wrong in sending out the Legion. They’re there to help us, and I got permission from Fury to build them.”
Tony's busy. Hold on.
One day a fight is too much, or goes on too long, and they’re both exhausted and inches away from each other and Steve’s chin goes up and Tony slips. “Why were you so scared of me?” he asks, like he’s been dying to for months. Steve’s eyes widen.
woo, okay. this chapter went exactly nowhere I was expecting it, and was basically a lot of build-up. the more story stuff should be kicking into gear next chapter.
Where's Tony? He gave this to you?
"Leighton!" Cloak snarls.
"Thanks for the tip," Tony remarks dryly, blowing on the steaming water. The six of them get themselves situated and Tony places his phone on the table, bringing up the slides he had made in advanced and flicking his finger so they slide across the table to where Clint sits, ready for him to manipulate. Clint raises his eyes to Tony's, a question in them and Tony nods.
failure. And Howard couldn't forgive either of them for that.
If Coulson is intimidated, he doesn't show it. "We don't want anything but for him to get better. However, Donald Gill is a powerful Inhuman with a traumatic past and like you said, Mr. Stark, you're a busy man. We want to make the healing process as smooth as possible."
"You're stealing my thunder, man. They won't be able to tell us apart."
"I want to build a future for all of us, and that means we have to live to see it!" Tony said. He took a deep gasping breath and visibly tried to calm down. "I'm not talking about anything bad. I just want us to be stronger. You - you're blowing this way out of proportion, Steve -"
"What about Vision?" Tony asks. As one, they turn to Vision, who has seated himself in the corner as he communes with FRIDAY, eyes closed. "He's
"Because there's only one person out there for you. He is your match. You musn't ever let that break, sweetheart."
“Same reason we always do?” Tony said, shrugging. When Jan released a long suffering sigh he conceded. “Rogers and I had a disagreement over tactics, that’s all.”
Natasha can't find solid ground. Natasha's in quicksand. Tony knows because he's in the same boat. For one brief bright moment there was a family here and now it's all gone.
(’You
"Be free," she says, shrugging. "Though that's a bit impossible now. SHIELD's special agents are protected from the Accords by virtue of being government agents. As soon as I step out that door with Cloak, who knows what will happen to us? Fury's waiting to see how long our best behavior can last and then he'll let us walk. Probably pushing us right into the Avengers' arms without us knowing."
"Man, I bet all those dead people we left behind in Chad would be glad to hear you say that," Clint responds, bristling with anger. "You let them get slaughtered while you sat back and waited for a bunch of bureaucrats to give you the all clear. How many people died today because of you, Stark?"
Laura Barton, the terrifying woman that she is, does end up cornering Tony and thanking him for letting her see Clint. "He seems a bit happier now that he's going to help take down Ross," she tells him. Tony nods; Clint's testimony of his arrest and illegal imprisonment, along with Bruce's written statement should get Ross booted out of office so fast he won't know what hit him. Then Laura sighs. "There's a lot he wants to say to you, some of which you deserve, but for this, I'll say for him: again, thank you, Tony."
Tony wraps a hand around Dummy's single arm. "He doesn't need to be fixed." Dummy nods eagerly at that and whirs off to go grab them Cokes from the fridge. Kamala watches where Tony's hand hangs in the air and scuffs her toes on the floor.
T'Challa considers the individually amended Accords that Tony has placed in front of him on his next visit. "This is good work," he murmurs over Daredevil's copy.
The kids break for lunch at some point. Peter hangs back a little, and Tony dutifully closes down the window so he can look at him full-on. With a sidelong glance at a still-sedate Vision, Peter tugs off his mask, but doesn't speak, just stares down at the white of the eye sensors.
Later he sends a letter that goes unanswered and a phone that’s twin never rings and Steve wonders if Tony might hate him less if he hadn’t dropped it. Later, Bucky puts himself into stasis and all three of them are alone. He remembers how this used to be his worst nightmare.
"We agree to these terms," the commander says, voice not disguising his displeasure. Rhodey steps away to relay this information to the Council while Tony steps closer to the mic.
"I do. I'm going to be insulted by what comes next, too. Just a warning," she teases with a spark in her eyes. Tony just stares in her in confusion. "Tony, I'm not stupid. I knew what I was getting in to. I wanted what I was getting into."
screaming down from the sky, clipping Stark Tower and landing in a corner of the campus as it was chased by Ronan and his Chitauri soldiers. So far, they were settling in nicely and proving an invaluable help in the fight against the space invaders. Gamora was whip-smart and blade-sharp, Drax and Groot hit like tanks, Rocket and Peter Quill brought the fire power, and they'd even brought a talking dog!
"You're a sociopath," Tiberius whispered. "Unfeeling, uncaring, unconcerned with the rest of us mere mortals. You don't give a fuck. Embrace it." And he leaned down and kissed Tony's blank wrists, one right after the other. Tony could feel his jaw drop and his heart begin to race. No one had ever...no one had dared...
, is Tony's first thought, and though it is immediately followed by
Tony reaches out with his hand and places it on Peter's forearm. He can feel the muscles trembling under his fingers. "Look at me, kiddo," he pleads, and the mask turns towards him, the eyes dilating. "Okay? Now tell me what
"My dad would have said to just bring the whole damn mountain to me, drag everyone kicking and screaming," Tony says after a moment.
, he thought. It was just so much here,
"Stunning performance back there," the man remarks, shaking his hand before they both sit down. "I'm happy to help in any endeavor that will help me wipe that smug smirk off Zemo's face, so if there is anything you need..." Tony returns the man's grin. Everett Ross is one of the easier shady government agents he's had to work with, most likely due to his lack of aforementioned shadiness.
"Hope so, it's only been fifteen years. So what are they saying? They're probably more honest with you than they are with me."
He doesn't realize until he's two steps away from Peter that he's gone a bit hysterical, but he so desperately wants Peter to believe him. Responsibility and guilt have always twined together in Tony's mind, and sometimes it can have dangerous consequences. He doesn't want Peter to talk down that path, especially not for this.
Wanda's face scrunches up as his words sink in but Scott merely snorts. "You haven't even glanced at the Accords once. I mean, listen to this:
We debrief with the UN now, after. It's not all that different from before.
"Tony, I am not doing this just for Sergeant Barnes." T'Challa approaches him cautiously, and the hand he lays on Tony's shoulder shakes a little, just at the fingertips. "I know you won't lash out. Most likely," he amends, but its almost teasing and Tony feels his lips quirk upwards. "I am...concerned for you. This won't be easy."
“And it’ll be mine?” Steve looked to her for reassurance, and she thought of all the fights he had gotten in at school when someone dared remark on the name on his father’s other wrist.
It's been a long day Steve. Team's fine. Leave me alone.
Rachel looks askance at him, her pretty face scrunching like she's tasted something awful. "So is that the self-flagellation or martyrdom talking right now? I can never tell the difference."
they give us these individual contracts. they're actually pretty good. air tight. Tasha says t'challa's got one of his own you should take a look.
Kamala turns until her eyes find Tony and she tilts her head, considering him. Tony would just once like to find a dumb kid, one that's not too smart for their own good. He feels very judged.
He doesn’t love Steve when he comes back, fresh and uninjured and taking up space on the floor below Tony’s in the Tower. He loves his companionship, loves his humor, loves the pranks he’s brave enough to play on Natasha, but he doesn’t love him.
He takes in the rigid posture, awkwardly held because the man likely hasn't had time to get used to the absence of his arm. Hand under the table, a certain tension in the forearm that belies the fist that is forming. A face attempting careful blankness, but Barnes is breaking that bit of programming.
But he scowls good-naturedly as he brings down the faceplate. "Just for that, I'm gunning for you, Gumby."
Tony waved a hand. “Then your Tony will be fine.”
Bruce hand the phone to Tony NOW
. And people wonder why I have an ego. So tell me, Rogers, what did I do this time?”
, I say.”
"You don't like Agent Carter?"
There’s another joke on the edge of his tongue, but instead Tony just wanders over until he’s right beside Cap. He sees blue eyes flicker down to his glass and then back up, but Steve says nothing, which leaves him oddly disappointed. Not like he had wanted someone to be here in the communal floor when there was a bottle of Jack in the workshop, not like he wanted someone to look at him and say oh, Tony, you don’t need that. It might have been nice though, just to hear.
He straightens up, stares at her, drinks her in. "I've been stupid, haven't I? You're right there."
against his heart. God, but his mother hated that play. 'Cheesy, overdramatic shlock!' she cried. Dad used to buy her tickets every year for her last five birthdays just to hear her fly into one of her impassioned rants. Of course, Howard always had her real gift waiting in the wings. The
-Til the end of the line, Buck.
Maybe he can just let it settle and grow into something else, like Pepper. But for now he won't. Not when he's so terrified of what it might grow into.
to it?
The HUD comes back online to see Peter enter the fray again. He gives chase after the two as they tangle through the air, catching Spider-Man when he's thrown off and depositing him on the roof. "Evac, Spidey, now!"
Be patient, Tony repeated to himself, and knocked on the door.
-but he knows that if he tried, he could get through that with Steve. Steve could even help him carry that burden, throw back a drink with him for Howard and listen to him talk about Maria for hours.
“What Natasha means,” Jan interjected, throwing a glare the other girl’s way. “Is that it doesn’t help. Trust me, we’ve tried.”
“Get on your feet,” Steve repeated, a growing sense of unease in his gut.
(T'Challa breaks first.
He pulls away. "No promises." She tries to smile and fail, instead turning into Sam's waiting arms as they whisper goodbyes to each other. Sam's eyes clench tight and Steve has a intense spike of self-loathing at ripping Sam away from another home. Sam would hate him more for thinking that way, so he breathes through it, lets it go.
His musings are interrupted by a "What the hell" from Rhodey and both scientists look up. Rhodey is holding up the trigger mechanism in pieces, a skeptical look raised in Tony's direction. "Hey, genius, you telling me you didn't notice this thing was a dummy? The trigger has no catch. We were never in any danger."
She looks startled. "What's he - Tony, he's the Secretary of State. He's just trying to clean up the mess Ross left behind. He's not about anything but his damn job." He watches her carefully but at no point does she seem anything but completely sincere. "Look, I know that you've been burned in the past, but Lukin is a true patriot. He thinks we're taking the right path with the Accords. Setting the world straight after all this turmoil."
"You had to know they wouldn't want you either."
You can't come home. Even if you sign, you can't come home.
"No," Tony agrees softly. "It's kind of the worst." He glances to his side to see T'Challa's gaze on the skies again. He's young, the king, and so immeasurably sad. He should never have lost his father like that. "I can't tell you what to do. I'm a little bit scared of what you'd do if I tried, honestly. Can I ask you something, though? Why did you invite them to your land in the first place?"
But what if...what if he was just trying to fool himself?
"Of course," Sharon says, sliding into her customary spot to the left and just behind him. Lukin eyes Tony, his gaze feels cold and blue, then he raises his hand to Tony's shoulder, something glimmering in his palm, and rests it there.
"A simple 'hello' would have been fine," he tells Daredevil, maneuvering so the three of them are standing in a triangle and reaching into the tacky messenger bag he'd brought along, pulling out their individual contracts under the Accords and handing them to the others. "Happy birthday!"
Look, don't kill me. The fact is, the Bucky/Tony conversation is giving me fits and is incredibly hard to write and this chapter is already so long.
Natasha hums. "You've been doing a lot of that, lately." Her words are pointed, her gaze even more so. Tony makes sure she can see his eyes roll.
"They haven't been rubber the last five times we did this, numbnuts, why would that change now?"
"T'Challa," Tony says.
"Did you," the young girl begins. "Did you
"I don't really want to test that theory right now," Rhodey teases. "Look, whatever Carol says, they're doing okay without me. The Avengers are still getting their feet underneath them - so to speak." He palms his braces and Tony can see condensation from his damp palms collecting on the plastic. "So stop trying to kick me out, man. We don't leave a job half finished."
They move back into the Tower, where it’s easier to be on call for any major attacks. He finds Tony out on the balcony late one night, sitting against the railing, his legs poking through the slats. Steve joins him and they smile at each other, silently reminiscing.
"You said I'm pretty," Tony pointed out, half-cocky, half-terrified. Gamora, far too used to Starlord to ever be thrown off guard by Tony Stark, merely rolled her eyes.
"You," Peter grits between punches. "Are. Insane. I have met. Ninja Assassins. And brainwashed soldiers. And a guy. Who grew thirty feet. In ten seconds. But congrats, Goblin Face. You've topped them all."
Her eyes slide up to his then, clever and sharp. "Are you going to make me sign the Accords?"
“Me? I’m nineteen.”
goes unsaid, even in his dreams. "Please," he murmurs instead.
(Feels a bit like breathing again, like waking up from a long fall and Steve's eyes were bright and Steve's hand was over his arc reactor, over his
Bruce stares at the photo for a very long time. "Ultron killed him, Tony," he corrects softly, taking the phone from Tony's hand and holding it close to his face.
"You'll rise to the occasion. You always do, Parker."
"You seemed to be in distress," the king replies. "I was worried."
"He's not with Rogers, is he?" Tony whispers, and T'Challa's face falls even further.
"No, you definitely paralyzed her," Steve replies, looking through the window and watching the woman drowsing inside. Her spinal cord had been completely severed from Diamondback's shuriken. "But I'm more likely to get in trouble than you are."
"Spidey gets a say, too. I assume you already have the Panther's vote," he mentions cheerfully.
His parents, his mother
"Don't get cocky."
"Ain't nothing cowardly about faith," Bucky agreed easily. He dabbed up the last of the blood and put his handkerchief away. "But people like to talk, Stevie. Sometimes they're fit to talk their mouths right off. Ma says if the world would just let them do that, we'd all be in a lot less trouble." He aimed a pointed look at Steve before carefully reaching under his arms to lift him up off the wall and onto his feet.
"Without a proper threat analysis-" A man with a thick French accent is saying to Tony before Tony orders FRIDAY to close the line if only to control his anger.
"So it can be like you?" Tony can remember with perfect clarity the sneer that matched that voice. "What will it be without you?"
"And the part where he told General Ross of the evidence in Siberia. I know how it affected you, then."
“I did what I had to,” Tony says softly, because they have had this conversation more than once. Steve is not one to cast stones at Tony’s maverick tendencies in battle but there had been an adjustment period in the beginning, Tony not used to a team and Steve not used to hyper strong flying battle suits armed with missiles fighting with him.
NATASHA:
"They know, too! The doctor helps all, Iron Man."
Peter heaves a frustrated breath. "Like, you realize I'm not brain damaged, right? I chose to do all of that. The fight in Germany? The one where I
Tony frowns at his dim reflection in the glass. "I'm sorry, Romanov, did we sometime in the war suddenly turn into Loki? Did we brainwash Clint into leaving his family and siding with Cap? 'Cause I think I would have noticed if I started talking like Hamlet and wearing reindeer horns."
“Here, here,” Steve said, and kissed him.
Ty was right. He felt
It's a mistake, rejecting that kind of olive branch.
"Mr. Rhodes? Readouts are showing a little bit of drag on the left leg, are you feeling that?" Donnie asks. There is heavy pause over the line and then Donnie stutters out "I-I mean, sorry, I mean is the suit showing the same thing?"
And he supposes, if he’s honest with himself, it’s why he takes it so hard when someone tries to take Tony away. Even if that someone is occasionally Tony himself.
Note the first: I don't actually know how Zemo is in the game, but of the few conversations I know of him having, in at least two of them all he does is say "Civil War" and then disappears. Please note this is BEFORE the Civil War event occurs. It is hilarious.
Tony swallowed. “Of course,” he barely managed. “Er, what’s wrong on your world?”
fine, buddy. You haven't done anything wrong. In fact, we all owe you our lives," Tony replies, keeping his voice even. "And you've signed the Accords; we won't stop your work in New York and Luke Cage has already told me he'd be happy to have you help out the Defenders whenever. But Clint - Clint
"Because I'm not Fury. I'm not asking you to just fight HYDRA, no questions asked," Steve says. "I'm asking you to fight
Tony doesn't know anything about righteous fury. For the greater part of his life he's been the recipient of it, not the giver. He doesn't know what it feels like and if he did, he wouldn't let himself. Tony is not a righteous man. Tony doesn't deserve it.
Maria whispers in his other ear, forty years back leaping forward, Mama finding him the shadows of her big party. The right word in the right place solves everything, Antonio.
Tony knew that voice. Tony knew those eyes. As man’s eyes narrowed and he growled out “you’re not Tony,” Tony himself was scrabbling away on hands and feet with a small, squeaky “Steve?”
The notes come quicker after that, remarks on the Accords and little anecdotes, sketches of Wanda and Sam and shields and arc reactors. When he looks up it is dark and quiet, Bucky still sleeping, and Steve is out of space on the pages.
"Better safe than sorry, especially with Osborn dead," Natasha says darkly.
"But you're exhausted," Lukin finishes, smiling charmingly at her. Tony feels a twinge in jaw from how hard he grinds his teeth. "Of course. I have business of my own to attend to. I'll see you all tomorrow at the hearing. Good luck, Mr. Stark, Colonel Rhodes."
. He holds on to it tight, with both hands.
"Told you to take it easy, Spidey," Rhodey says, making Tony grimace. Really, after thirty years of Tony, Rhodey should know better.
"No. But you're like my Steve. It could stand to reason that I'm like your Tony. And I know me. I know what's in my blood." Tony's stare went dark and unfocused, the man before Steve drifting somewhere unpleasant. "I'm always too late. Always content to let it burn until I'm the one scorched. He'll let you down. He already has, hasn't he?"
T'Challa looks out, watching one Wakandan, then the next. "They should have spat in my face. I, who had everything, coming to they who had much less with my burdens."
"-what does it say?" he says, without missing a beat, ripping the band-aid off. Bruce flips the file open, then flips again, and again. Analyses, one right after the other, data points overlaid and retested. Some of them even match. Tony doesn't breathe.
"Holy shit, Tony, what-" The web jerks and Tony looks up to see Peter falling to the side, the Green man peering over the edge before turning back to his prey. "Daredevil, War Machine, anybody, to the roof, now!"
"I'm gonna sit this one out," Spider-Man garbles as he comes to an unsteady landing beside the unconcious man. There is a patch of red at his shoulder darker than he suit, bleeding through the blue. "Watch this guy for a bit, if that's okay."
(He wondered if that Caesar would have been jealous of Tony, too.)
"Steve," Tony says on a sob. "Look at us. Do any of us look
"We doing this?" Steve grumbles. Sam just flicks his foot sharp against Steve's calf and Steve deflates. "Yeah. Yeah, it's hard. You okay?"
She untangles herself from him, shaking her head. "No, it's a good plan, Tony. I just wasn't expecting it of you. You want me to find the files Zemo cracked?" Tony nods. "Give me two weeks. T'Challa can get me in to see Zemo, right?"
"You know," Steve says hoarsely. "I've always been fond of option three." And he throws the shield with all his might.
Steve will not put his fist through the wall. He won't let out the string of obscenities building at the back of his throat. He won't shout. And absolutely will not give in to the insane urge to cry that keeps building through his body. His team is watching him, looking to him for guidance after losing one of their own and Steve can't lose control, not in front of them.
Kamala Khan wakes up once. It isn't pretty. Her genetic structure is dangerously unstable and it's all Tony can do to get her to meet his eyes while she screams and screams as her limbs start to stretch.
He held his left hand out, wrist up, name bare. Bucky looked from his wrist to his face several times before his expression went sheepish. He reached his own arm out so that his left wrist rested on Steve's own. After a pleasurable moment of feeling each other's heartbeats through the physical manifestation of their bond, the oldest soulmate trick in the book, Steve had calmed down a bit.
"No, I'd imagine not. I'm not a brain dead puppet playing on your strings," Madame Hydra says like she's chatting about the weather and not a man her organization tortured for seventy years. "How is the Asset? We miss our little soldier so. Won't you send him marching home, Captain?"
"Yeah. My dad," Bruce grimaces, stops. "Well, the lack of control or any sustainable social life isn't the only reason I hate turning into a giant being fueled by rage."
"I realize that the Avengers are split apart right now," he begins carefully. "But we're fighting the same enemy. I informed Agent Romanov of how the last mission went down and she and I have both been wondering why you've been working both teams separately."
He sounded like Steve.
. All Steve wants in this world sometimes is just to know Bucky's out there, too.
"How?" is Barnes' single, soft query.
He moves into position so T'Challa can catapult off his shoulders at the line of snipers up near the roof. The factory is laid out oddly, no floor, just single, enormous rooms filled with equipment. There is a scary green vat bubbling away in the corner that wouldn't look out of place in a Batman cartoon and empty bomb shells ready to be cased. Tony takes great joy in blasting those apart.
"Thank you," Barnes says, gruff but sincere. "So did you ever get back to your mattress?"
"Ms. Khan will be cured soon, then?" the king asks, turning to Tony. "You must be relieved."
Tiberius twirls the Montblanc in his fingers once, twice, before slamming it down on the table. "Fine. Whatever. I fucking hate you, man."
Vision had paused by the end of Tony's second sentence and now he sets his beaker down carefully, turning towards Tony. "What do you wish to talk about, Tony?"
"Somewhere that doesn't smell like rotting meat."
. They were not good enough for Tony, not now, maybe not ever. And that was something neither Steve nor Tony could fix. And until Tony got over it - if Tony ever got over it
He'd like to say he feels the space acutely, but truthfully he's just grateful for the space to breathe.
Maria said something and Tony turned towards him, something that might have been hope in his eyes for just a second before he blinked and it was gone. Howard didn't have to think about it. He placed the pamphlet on the table and slid it towards his son.
In the corner, the piano plinks out the first few bars of a song Tony has tried to forget.
"Certainly doesn't hurt," Tony agrees. There are cameras in the distance, filming all of them and the disaster just beyond. "I'm going to have to give a statement. Tell them the Avengers stand ready to face this crisis and that the bad guys will be stopped and unicorns are real, too."
"I knew it," he breathes, facing T'Challa. "Do you get it now? This is my father's work, he must have based it off of Barnes' serum because it was the only source left, and I have to be sure-"
People can't be
Steve let himself relax, ignoring that sliver of doubt that had lodged itself next to a sliver of dread in the back of his mind, and committed to enjoying tonight. And as he and Tony sat down amongst Sam and the kids, for one perfect moment, Steve felt like he belonged.
Peter looks up and shakes his head vigorously. "If Harry knew anything, he would tell somebody. He's a good person."
"You can fly?!" Tony shouts, boosting himself to the roof and repulsing away one of Green's bombs.
"When's the funeral?"
“I built the Legion to help us. We can’t be everywhere. I mean, not all of us are one-man armies like some people.”
Where's Tony?
All he has to do is believe it.
-Although wanda says i got the
Barnes' eyes move carefully, precisely, two quick flicks, down to Tony's palms splayed against the table, down to where his legs are placed at just the right angle for the quickest getaway, then back up again. "An observation," he finally answers.
Steve laughed as Bucky pulled a face. "It's alright, pal."
“We have that in common, then,” Steve snapped back. “I’ve told him. He doesn’t listen. He just tries something else.”
Tony turns away.]
So you've had emotional turmoil but are you ready for some PLOT?! Thanos isn't going to just sit idly by, people!
Thanks for contacting me. Are you doing alright? What did Tony say to get you to come back in?
"We should paint that," he now decides, tilting his head this way and that to take in the gunmetal grey steel of the chair. "What do you think of-"
Iron Man comes to hover over the crowd, making a tsking noise. "We're gonna have to work on your superhero banter, Mr. Cage. Try this on for size." And he raises both hands, repulsors at the ready. "You
Somehow I manage to make my mouth move. “You were just a kid, Tony.”
How many attacks had been Madame Hydra's temper tantrums and how many had actually been the main force of HYDRA? And how can he even be sure this woman is telling the truth? If she is...
The cold has grown unbearable. He feels the suit weighing him down, cold concrete against his back and a weight at his hips. He hears the wind and its sounds like a shield slicing down, down, down.
They even included the sound. So you could hear Howard call out to Bucky. So you could know the precise pitch of Maria's screams.
Throw some interns on the phone lines. Lord knows we have enough.
A battered exhale. "Tony? Please tell me you're coming." Peter's voice is so small. "I'm not doing so hot."
"Fry, now."
He can't describe it, but something must bleed out into his facial expression, because Rachel's gaze turns calculating. "I'd have to listen to you, wouldn't I? Follow orders? All the time."
"We probably have that in common," Steve said with a lightness he didn't feel.
Steve shrugs, worn down to the nerves. "I'm your leader. You made no secret of what would happen if you got your hands on her. Not only did I not do my job and convince you to follow orders, I
"Sure."
Barnes watches Tony's minor unraveling with the same icy patience he has been clinging to this entire time, and it is only when silence falls that even a hint of emotion echoes across his face, but Tony can't name it. "You know, I've seen you. Wan - one of the people here, they've shown me videos. Of you-"
"Tony-"
Tony wakes up in his lab, passed out the couch, and DUM-E is by his side, trying to wake him.
"So last time, when they came and pulled him out of there..."
"You've got company, by the way," Laura says, coaxing Nate into eating a bite of apple sauce. "In the living room." She hands a sandwich off to Tony and points out towards the room in question.
"Everything's ready to go," he says when Donnie just stares at him. "C'mon, ki-Donnie. You've been doing really well, don't let me screw this up for you."
"Erm, uh...well, HERBIE, for one. That was one of the first AIs ever invented, you know. Dr. Reed Richards. Batshit insane man, but I thought the idea of precedence would be thematically appropriate. Or PLATO, but I was hoping to save him for the automated defense system me and Rhodey have been working on. The last one, I kinda like it, but I'm not sure how Rogers would take it..."
"Those reports are unconfirmed," Tony says through clenched teeth.
"You have to trust them, Tony," T'Challa says gently.
"I didn't realize you were in contact with him," Tony says, reaching out with a shaky hand to take the phone. His throat is very dry, something stuck in there he can't swallow around.
Tony closes his eyes and breathes again. Tony hates the quiet more than anything; it's no coincidence all the worst moments of the past five years of his life all include the loss of JARVIS or FRIDAY in his ear. But for once he doesn't want the constant clamor of the suit, the bright lights and noise and the reminders that there is always something waiting for him out there. There are no more quiet moments left for Tony. Just a few stolen seconds in the breeze, his suit wrapped tight around him like a ready-made coffin, how has no one ever seen that Tony built himself a coffin-
Steve stands abruptly, gathering up the tray and his phone, sliding the latter into his pocket. "Two things: even if you had succeeded in taking my blood," he tells her. "You still would have failed. Abraham Erskine was a genius; you're not fit to even say his name." He begins to walk towards the door.
“I don’t think I want to,” he answers. “But I - I have to say it, okay? I did love you. I do, still. I always will.”
"We will present our case at the next meeting." T'Challa's face is as bright as Tony has ever seen it. "I believe we are close."
Donnie scoffs. "This has nothing to do with you, Tony. I can do it just fine on my own." Maybe he expects Tony to say something asinine back, like 'prove it' or 'sure you can, kid,' and maybe if Tony were actually twelve he would do that, but instead Tony just holds the band up higher.
Steve looks at him for a long time, then back out at the city. “You figure?”
T'Challa grimaces at the nickname but otherwise remains silent, his eyes going very far away as they head down the cold sidewalk, arms bumping into one another. The cold has settled into Tony's bones now, and it aches a little but the pain is almost pleasant. It is quiet this time a night, his and T'Challa's footsteps very loud, and Tony starts absentmindedly counting them, one and a half of his for every one of T'Challa's. They create an odd, off-mark beat together but it's steady. Steadying.
Tony snorts. “I sneaked bourbon into her drinks at dinner because Jarvis thought I didn’t know where the bottle was. The cooking sherry, the wine bottles guests left as gifts. Jarvis and dad thought it was all her, but it was me. Because I wanted to help.”
He finds them watching Tony Stark on the television.
NATASHA:
“We’ll do our best to help you. The Academy, I mean. We’ve got Professor Pym, and there’s you – uh, this world’s you - and the rest of the Avengers. We’ll do everything we can.”
Just for that, Tony huffs dramatically and collapses forward onto his lap. "Can't believe you put me through that. Now I'm exhausted. You'll have to carry me the rest of the way, daffodil."
"Of course!" Peter stalks forward to catch at Tony's suit jacket, smiling cautiously as he plucks him along down the slope. "I've already told them all about you so you're gonna have to come up with something pretty crazy to impress them."
And now that Steve has forcibly torn himself out of the space he had carved into Tony, now that Obie is gone and Aunt Peggy, too, what is he supposed to do? Is he just supposed to try again? Hope for the best? Just let the world keep having go after go at him and keep getting up over and over again?
If he's a lab rat, too, then he's definitely the one at the end of the maze pressing the button and getting no cheese.
A sly, unkind smile bloomed across the other Tony’s face. “And there it is. It’s not the movie. It’s
"I'll see what I can do," Tony says. "You okay?"
At this, Tony's eyes finally met his, big and round and sad. "Oh," the other man said quietly. "Um. I'm sorry."
"I am an Avenger," T'Challa answers simply, but it lifts Tony's spirits. T'Challa works with them, signed on the dotted line right next to Tony, but sometimes the king still feels distant. "And a king. I thought my presence would help." He is staring at the haze of Terrigenesis with dim horror in his eyes. Tony wonders if he is remembering the explosion that took away his father.
Tony nods. "I know you're not. I'm blaming myself. Not helpful, I know. It's just, you know, my go-to coping mechanism. Might go mad without it." And he laughs a little, small and harsh. "We get back home, we'll sketch out a game plan, alright? We'll take the fight to them, hit 'em where it hurts, insert your motivational idiom of preference here."
"Indeed," Lukin says, and squeezes down tight on Tony's shoulder, the light from his palm throwing the hollows of his face in stark, red relief. Tony gasps and he-
Was Howard like Tony is? Maybe it wasn't admiration Tony heard in his father's voice as a child. Maybe it was resentment.
“Can do, boss man,” Tony says on a laugh. “Poor planning on my part, I’ll admit it.” He pulls away, looks up at Steve. “Sorry,” he murmurs, and at first Steve thinks he means for today, but then Tony’s lips are on his, pressing gently, and everything flies away.
What are you going to do Steve?
“You-“ Steve’s hands were shaking. He couldn’t stop talking once he started. “Of course it’s you. Its all about Tony Stark, right, damn how anyone else feels! You know, you may not like me - other me - but you're no peach either!"
"Yeah," Tony says. "Yeah." He grins reassuringly at T'Challa and climbs to his feet. He wobbles a bit and the king catches him, sliding his hand up and over his bicep and to his neck, holding Tony's face up for his perusal. Tony grins shakily. "Tell me true, Simba, which is more stressful: me or that entire country you're in charge of? I'm fine."
"No," Tony answers. "Not right now."
"Well, Sharon's just as smart and badass as you are. And he's got her completely snowed. I don't like any of it."
It’s worth everything, because Tony
Madame Hydra smiles, utterly victorious. "No. You didn't. A delay, perhaps. The Skull was gone, but others took his place. Others will take mine, as well. You are a formidable foe to be sure. I am not like the others, Captain, I see your worthiness. But this is ordained, foretold, a dream from beyond the dark that HYDRA is bringing to the waking world. We have been promised."
, he writes beside it. He thinks of crossing out, of all the wrong ways Tony could take it, and then he realizes with a start that he is going to give this to T'Challa. He
"Actually, I was trying to avoid upstairs," Tony mutters.
I thought it was Tony's story to tell
It wasn't your fault.
"Speaking from experience," Daredevil says. It's not a question and it doesn't need an answer but Tony nods anyway. The younger man goes back to his contract.
"Kitty cat?" Tony asks. "Why?"
"That's it," Tony says after Vision's unassailable logic is spat back in his face. "Everyone get on the plane."
I thought I was protecting him. I was only protecting myself I realize that now and I've told him how sorry I am about that. It was a mistake.
He deflates at that, worry clashing horribly with the adrenaline that's begun to pump through him. There's a sick sort of thrill running up his spine at the mystery of it all; Tony's always loved a good puzzle, hasn't he? Even now. Even when it's people, instead of parts, there's a challenge here he can't help but relish.
Tony sits in the car next to his mother. His face is covered with blood and she says "
The thought has consumed him; twenty five years of thinking his father lost control of the car and crashed he and his wife into a tree, twenty five years of consoling himself that his parents died on impact. They'd told him his dad died when his nose broke against the steering wheel, shoving the bone fragments into his brain. But it was Barnes' fist, and Dad had begged, Dad had seen it coming. And his mother's neck had snapped from the force of the whiplash. She never felt a thing. Except the violent death of her husband, a cold hand around her throat squeezing tighter and tighter until it
"This should already have been fixed," Tony snaps. "Cage, you there yet?"
"Suit's still mine, Fry, and I've got the patent to prove it," Tony snaps, halfway ready to stop the machinery and put the Mark II back on before he stops and thinks. "Fine. I guess I'll just...wait in the lobby. Ugh."
But he knows, logically, that Tony most likely granted permission for this olive branch as a way to make Steve settle and not cause any problems. To keep his head down. It chafes at him, the way his old body did, the one he never learned to live in. It feels a sandbox for him to play in while the big kids play real ball.
"Don't think that he didn't notice," T'Challa says mildly. "I didn't want him webbing you to the chair to stop your attempts at vibrating out of your skin. My method seemed more efficient. You've stopped shaking."
"At least I was given a cot," Tony says, deprecating. "Point being, I got back from. Captivity and the mattress felt like drowning. So I started sleeping in the bathtub, when I could sleep at all."
ALSO: if you're just now reading this, I did some editing on Steve's scene because there was a line or two I didn't like. Sorry.
"Of course," T'Challa agrees easily. "Until then, I believe our team is awaiting orders, Iron Man."
"That one is You and the one trying to grope you is Dummy. Dummy, not nice."
“He didn’t go through Project Rebirth?”
down into the chair so hard the wood groans beneath him.
Lethargically, Steve dragged his left wrist over to his right fingers, clasped so loosely in hers. Together, they felt the weak pulse behind the smudged line on his wrist. His mark was so dark against his skin.  Most children didn’t receive their full soul-name until they were eight. But Steven had always been special.
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
Sam told me about his partner. I know what that does to a person. Tell him I saw him trying to save me. Tell him it's not his fault.
"Yes?" the German official hisses.
"Right, right, I'm getting off track. This is just a prototype." Tony dismissed the hologram. "If we want to stay ahead, we've got to think practical, too. So, try this on for size instead: Rocket told me about these chips they have on Centauri II. You install them right into the brain, turns your whole system into a computer. You can interface with tech instantly. I could build something like that, no problem - I'm actually a little embarrassed I didn't come up with it myself, but that's exactly what I'm talking about, Steve. Thinking forward! Imagine what I could do with that. I'd have powers our enemies couldn't even begin to understand!"
“...It’s not hard at all,” she managed past the heavy stone that was her heart. “You just...you never break. Never yield. A soulmate is your other half. He's meant for you, and only you. And you are meant for him,” she whispered. "So you can't go changing on him, alright?"
"So you can read it," Tony says blandly, watching Peter pace as the young man flips through the Accords. "If you don't sign, you can't work as Spider-Man. I need you to be able to sign."
He doesn't want this. He doesn't want the way Natasha has looked so surprised at his actions, the pride in Rhodey's eyes, the way Barton clapped him on the shoulder and said "Good on you, Stark." He doesn't want gratefulness, he doesn't want to be the bigger man, he doesn't want to be logical about this. He wants Bucky Barnes to rot and burn, he wants to smash his face in and strangle him, he wants him to know what they felt like.
hey cap. its clint. back at compound. yep i too have joined the Tony Incommunicado Club. actually i just memorized the number when tasha let me use her phone.
Tony struggles to his feet and doesn't bother to hide how he wipes at his face before turning towards Peter, standing there with his backpack still on and a camera around his neck. "Pepper, I've got it from here."
But he was unwilling to impose upon him either, so Steve turned away. Tomorrow, they would talk.
"Hm. I understand your concern for them, Mr. Stark. I would not want them out there alone either. Previous evidence suggests they are quite dangerous." Lukin shakes his head, staring off into the distance, considering. "A man like Steve Rogers - there are not many like him. Dangerous indeed."
Jesus,
Rhodey snorts loudly over the comms. "Don, my man, if you don't think Tony Stark hasn't already got FRIDAY fabricating eight different frames as we speak then where have you been the past three months?"
I tell him about the pain of letting a friend slip through your fingers and he - goes quiet. Sympathizes.
Steve regards her with disgust. To volunteer your own daughter, if this girl really was such, for experimentation...
. But-"
"Siberia," Vision surmises succinctly. Tony nods. "I am so sorry for your loss, Tony." He blinks, not expecting that of all things to come out of Vision's mouth, but the synthezoid is deadly serious and it-
So, by the way, we are completing ignoring AoS canon, because they went full comic books with the Accords and that freaking irritated me.
This earns him a glare and the return of all that coiled Panther grace. "I don't know if you've realized but I do have a country to lead, Mr. Stark." Tony mouths 'Mr. Stark' at the ceiling, laughing a little. The shaking's almost completely gone now and, as is worryingly usual nowadays, Tony feels bone-tired. He lists his chair to the side so T'Challa is only in his peripheral vision before speaking.
Steve sometimes has this picture of Fury. The director is sitting at his desk, looming over a puzzle, working on fitting the pieces together. He does so, but the puzzle has no color. No picture. The pieces fit, shoved together, interlocking like they were made to, but the it’s still just a group of pieces. There’s no story. No whole.
They shouldn't even exist.
,'" Rhodey paraphrases with a derisive snort, handing the letter to Vision, who dutifully reads it in about five seconds. "I like that he puts the responsibility of accepting his choice on you."
Steve tries for one right then and knows he misses by a mile. Nothing seems to fit him right nowadays. Rachel's smirk fades as she watches him.
me." He fires, sending the green man careening backwards. War Machine knocks him even further away on his fly-by, coming to hover a few inches above the ground and holding out his arm as his faceplate snaps up.
FRIDAY suggests.
"I'm fine," Tony insists again, pointing an accusing figure at the screen. "Privacy is apparently something they don't teach in Wakanda, I'm fine. Bruce, listen to me, I figured out the formula."
He gets a bit lost in it, so lost that he doesn't even notice Natasha until a flash of red has him nearly leaping out of his seat. "I'm putting bells in your next set of Bites if you keep that up," he warns, hand over his racing heart.
T'Challa was right to look at him the way he had. Tony wonders if the man had recognized the monster that had nearly killed Barnes and Rogers all those months ago.
"Like I can't get my ass in gear," Sam says. "Like I'm waiting for something." Steve glances over at the phone that won't ring.
"No, no," Tony assures him. "I just. Um." T'Challa blinks at him slowly, once, twice, slightly puzzled.
Pepper's gaze softens and she raises her hands in surrender. "Okay. Alright. But I am buying a share of the interest. Three percent."
(Tony doesn't want to think of any of this.)
" Bruce mutters to himself as they piece through the messy, unstable science. "I mean, look at this-!"
Ugh. Spare me. If anyone but Anthony tried to hold the Captain's hand they'd probably find themselves face to face with a repulsor."
Captain Rogers, this is Vision. Do not be alarmed, this line is completely secure. I wished to inquire as to your well-being.
is this what he's been reduced to? Romanticizing
"Yes," Tony says, because there isn't another option. The notion of being at Barnes' beck and call is a little galling but only if he goes out of his way to think of it that way; Tony has to keep this in check and think logically.
Diamondback is an even better gymnast than Natasha and nearly impossible to pin down. She bounces around the training room, attacking him from a distance, and by the time she is done with him he's bleeding from several gashes on his leg. "Maybe we should get some rubber darts for you," he tells her when she digs her nails into a cut just to see him wince.
"Go ahead," Tony says tonelessly. It's why they're out here in the first place, making sure War Machine's up to scratch. No matter how positive public response was to War Machine and Iron Man's actions in containing Norman Osborn they still broke the law of the Accords, if not the spirit. The Avengers' army of lawyers have pretty much guaranteed that under Good Samaritan laws the United States will be willing to let this go, but Carol Danvers has already informed Rhodey that the military is considering taking War Machine at least partially back under their wing in a sort of probation period.
It's Steve, and Tony's fingers are wrapped around his heart. Holding it together.
NATASHA:
She didn't feel it when he died. She hadn't felt him in a long time. They threw dirt on his coffin, and James held Steve's hand the entire ceremony, and she didn't look at the grave. Her soulmate's body wasn't there. He had been dead for years.
“Whoa, that’s uncomfortable,” the man remarked.
"Not everyone can be you, huh, Stevie?" Bucky said, a quirk in his brow. It was teasing, mostly, but it had taken two more years after Steve's name came in for Bucky's to solidify and it was still a sore spot some days. Everyone said that the longer it took for a person's mark to come in, the weaker a person was, but Steve knew Bucky. There was nothing weak about him. Nothing weak about Arnie, either, and Tommy Walcott deserved a good thumping for implying otherwise.
"And you're on my team," Tony stresses. "I'm going to worry about you. I'm gonna want to take the blame. And I'm not entirely sure how to stop."
, Natasha!" he yells, voice cracking horribly. He takes a step away from the glass, away from her, and puts his hands over his face and just breathes. "Jesus Christ, Nat, I cannot do anymore..."
he whispers. "We were watching the news and Cap was so sure you'd show up anytime but people kept dying and you weren't there. We had to do something."
"I'd be careful with the hyperbole if I were you, Mr. Stark," Rochambeau says dryly, and Tony clenches his fists on the table. Natasha is tense at his side, already having offered her own testimony about her experience with James Barnes and the Winter Soldier.
Natasha does not want him off.
. These notes were more recent than the rest. New ideas, improvements from the forties. I don't think anyone but Howard Stark will ever be able to rebuild this machine, but maybe that was the point."
"I'm good. Have a - I mean, you look nervous. Have a good night, I guess?" Donnie shrugs with a lost look that makes Tony's face split between a grin and grimace.
[MESSAGE ENCRYPTED]
"Agent Romanov got me the evidence from Siberia documenting his treatment under HYDRA," Tony says sharply. "I'm taking it to the UN this week to ask for his pardon. Yes, he has had enough, T'Challa. But if it doesn't go well, and it probably won't, I'm fully prepared to take this to the press and get the people on our side. I wanted Barnes' permission before I did it. Just tell me if he's with Rogers." T'Challa remains silent, staring back at him, weighing him. "They're going to ask a lot of questions, Blade Liger. They're gonna want proof that Barnes is a functioning member of society. If he ever wants a normal life, he's going to have to talk eventually."
He shuts his mouth, teeth making an audible click and he makes himself meet Fury's gaze to make up for the slip. The man is expressionless, observing, calculating.
Tony slips into Kamala's room, closing the door softly behind him. "I'm hiding out with you," he whispers to the sleeping girl. "I think Laura might actually kill Clint, and they can't put me down as an accessory if I wasn't there."
Bruce's hand on his shoulder stills and there is the very faintest beginning of strain in his fingers now. "Then. I don't understand. You found out - during the war? Clint said something about Siberia."
"Fuck off, Romanov."
Tony rests against the wall, eyes sliding closed. "Do you know what I see? Do you know what I hear?"
"Did you call him?" Tony asks T'Challa.
It becomes almost a game between us at some point, I’m not sure when. Tony calls it the ‘Trauma Olympics.’ I call it ‘talking about your feelings.’
“Wake
You know what you're looking for?" It's a dumb question, he knows it even as it spills out of his mouth, but he guesses he needs the reassurance.
Do you forgive me? For taking Wanda
"I'm sorry, what exactly was the last year and a half of your life, then?"
“Voices. My friends’. From-“ Big Steve walked towards the Fog, holding a hand out. “From here.”
And further still, the defining moment of his short life: when he was six years old, he tried to hug his mother, and she dropped a tea cup to the ground. She had stepped on one of the pieces of glass before Jarvis could get to her, and her blood had smeared across the ground. Tony remembered that, bright red against white tile, the way he hurt his mother by merely existing.
forget."
"That's not what we're doing here," Steve finally says. "You're right, this is temporary for me, but I'm not biding my time while I wait for something else." And if it feels a bit like a lie, well, Tandy's not the only one with a poker face. "What are you and Cloak going to do after this?"
He lives through this, too.
Three minutes later, Vision blazes out of the mist carrying a teenage girl in his arms. She is small and dark and her skin is literally glowing.
The room is clean, and spacious, with a large window facing the forest. There is a desk with a few used pens and oddly, graphite pencils. Tony recognizes them immediately, an old brand that Steve used to ship in from Europe when he felt like actually spending some of that military backpay on himself-
"One swing at a time, champ," Tony replies a bit distantly, considering her. "I'll think about it."
Tony doesn’t love Steve when he finds him in the hospital after the destruction of the helicarriers, carrying his shield, recently rescued from the Potomac.
, he nearly lost him-
"No, because
play around. I never have, not when it comes to us. But I can't just sit idly by, either, and let bad things happen that I know I could have stopped if I had just tried harder. Iron Man has to be ahead of the curve, every time, because if I fall behind people could get hurt."
.” Something in Steve’s face seemed to shutter and he brushed Tony off, walking towards Shield HQ. “It’s an American classic!” Tony shouted after him, but Steve didn’t slow.
Steve must hear the door hiss, throwing a cursory glance over his shoulder and tensing when he sees Tony. They still haven’t quite managed to get along, even after the epic bonding experience that was an alien invasion. “Late night or early morning for you?” he asks gruffly.
Tony wakes up screaming.
Tony flops back in his chair, pushing harder at his chest. "Oh god. I'm like a sugar daddy with none of the benefits."
Steve scurried to follow him out into the night. "I don't know. I met another one of you and he - well, I think a door or a path opened up for him. He said he heard voices calling him back."
Steve wrinkled his nose, dismayed and annoyed. He was thinking of something a bit neater than a pair of dusty Greeks. "Bucky, one of them dies." Neither he nor Buck was ever gonna die. Well, everyone died, but when they went they were going together.
"Did Tony know?" Sam asks.
. I can’t explain what that really means. I lost everything from before. But I suddenly had you. And I would have done anything to keep you. I was - I was the one that was scared, Tony.”
"They did not. The family that took me in for that night instead gave me a little of what I wanted. We stayed up late under a canopy of blankets we had built in the living room telling old legends. Then the next morning they woke me to help them with the chores. I had never cooked before; I was terrible at it. But the mother was patient. She told me we must all help each other. Everybody lacks something. Those on the top are as different from those on bottom as those on the bottom are from the top, but they are also the same. We must meet at the middle of the mountain. My father, when I told him, disagreed. You will be king, T'Challa, he said. A great duty with a great burden, and you must learn the strength to carry it. But I remembered: the middle of the mountain. The woman and my father could both be right. I would carry this great weight, but I would remember it was not mine alone."
"If you think that the Winter Soldier wasn't always part of the Asset, then you are a fool," Madame Hydra says coldly. "The war made a killer out of him before we ever touched him." Steve shakes his head, nearly vibrating with fury that this woman, this monster dare talk about Bucky like that. "I did not come to argue with you about the Asset. He is a relic of the past, and the future is very close now, Captain. Do you know what this is?" She gestures at the bomb in the middle of the room.
that wasn't how it was supposed to feel. God, Steve was going to be so happy and then and then and then-
He blinks his eyes, letting the tears fall, and pulls back into her embrace for such a long time that time grows a little fuzzy around the edges. "At the funeral," he tells her in a whisper between one moment and the next. "I wanted to crawl in with them." She doesn't have anything for that but a kiss on the forehead.
Tony would never hate him. They would fight and argue but Tony would never be so cold.
"I'm sorry, hold on, is
tale of woe. (’Thanks. For stopping me.’)
Who's next?"
"What's -" T'Challa eyes widen in surprise. "If they are found in Wakanda now it will look as if I support their actions." Tony nods, figuring that was the answer. "You are going to defend them. Why?"
"It wasn't your fault." It's automatic, like breathing, because it's the truth, and Tony will say it as many times as Peter needs to hear it. (He will, if he keeps to that logic, be saying it for the rest of his life.) "Norman died in jail, Peter."
"I know you must hate this, dad," he says on a shaky laugh. "You always bitched about me talking
The two separate phones weigh on Steve like stones. He hasn't told the others about Fury's mission, about possibly leaving the country and going back to their jobs but he's sure they would jump at the chance. His line to Tony has also remained worryingly quiet, even though they saw on the news where the Avengers helped the Canadian military take down some terrorist group in northern Manitoba. He feels twenty-five again, watching Bucky get ready to ship off to war while he stayed behind, useless and weak. He hates this feeling more violently that he has ever hated anything in his life.
Steve remembers an errant note she made in that initial report, the one that had so soured Steve against Tony before even meeting him:
In the quiet that falls he turns back to his desk. He taps a beat against the table, a nameless tune he can't recall the origin of, and then slowly reaches up to tap at an icon he hasn't used in months. The old SHIELD eagle, once defunct, now pulsing with life again.
But it's just screaming in his head, no melody, just the sound of Bucky's fist hitting Howard's face, the sound of Tony's fist hitting Bucky's.
Steve flinches imperceptibly at Scott's reminder. "None of us want that, Scott. And I never wanted to take you away from your daughter, I'm sorry that it came to this." Scott looks murderous for a second before he hangs his head low. Wanda places a hand on his shoulder. "But Fury was right. There are places the Avengers can't get to because of the Accords, and he's probably not the only one who's figured that out."
“Now that’s true love,” Tony joked, but they both knew how right he was.)
Rhodey stares hard at him. "That an implication that you will later, Stark?" Tony doesn't look back as he nods. Rhodey waves his hand in his face to get his attention the curls three fingers and a thumb down. Tony gapes.
"Do people really still say 'trippy?'"
Tony and Pepper were huddled together on two more bean bags like Natasha's that Steve realized must have been made by Tony himself. Pepper's was a white-and-magenta striped velvet creation that was so large it almost laid flat while Tony's was predictably red and gold and much more structured. It also had a built in holographic desk that the genius was currently scribbling away at with a stylus.
"The serum," Steve presses.
Luke gives a bleary thumbs up while Daredevil ducks his head. Jessica looks like she might actually cry. Gwen turns towards Spider-Man, whose eyes are trained on the ground. She ducks a little, trying to catch them with a small, secret smile.
They grin at each other and it's the first time Sharon's face actually seems to match her emotions. Tony feels his own smile drop. "What's Lukin about, Sharon? Tell me the truth."
Tony exclaimed over the line, and every one listening perked up. Getting to see new StarkTech was almost worth having to sit through Tony bragging about it.
And they both wrinkle their noses at each other. Kamala picks at the threads of her covers. Her glow is all gone now, every piece of her drenched in sadness. "I know your voice," she confides slowly. "I heard you. You...read to me?"
FRIDAY says.
tells himself when he needs to sleep?
"Yes, mother."
It's not like he had been expecting it to be easy. He has a whole new team now; he has to start over from scratch. But he can't quite recall it every being this hard before. He can't recall waking up in the morning and thinking to himself that this is the day he'll just stay in. This is the day he'll hide, let his team sort themselves out, let someone else handle it. Even in those first few months with the Avengers when he and Tony could barely stay civil through one conversation and everyone kept pushing into Barton's sore spots completely unawares, there had still been something there that held them together.
“C’mon, Steve, it’ll be fun. I’m showing
"Yeah?" Tony asked, and was that shyness in his voice? "You really think it's cool? 'Cause sometimes when I show you my tech you just do that thing where you nod along and smile like you're dying inside."
“I don’t think I have one of those,” Tony said, and no voice modulator could fix the laughter in his voice. He reached up, tapped the arc reactor twice, and tilted his head to listen to the metallic sound. “Nope. Tony Stark is fueled by pure
Instead there are parts of different kind. A brain here, a heart there. Fingers and toes, eyes and ears. Limbs, not human but not machine. Something different. New.
Tony found himself scrambling to his feet. "Secretary Lukin. Didn't know you were dropping by today."
"No problem, ThunderCat," Tony says weakly. "Get some sleep."
"They told us he was drunk, that's why he crashed the car. Was that SHIELD's doing?" Rhodey is half out of his seat at the edge in Tony's voice and Natasha has shifted incrementally closer. Fury's eye moves once at the movement then back down to Tony before nodding, widening when Tony laughs, high and brittle. "Agent Carter was still in command. My godmother let me think my dad killed my mother."
“You really believe in them, huh?” Tony asked.
"Good ole US of A," he murmurs derisively. "Always down for unadulterated ass-kicking." He feels more than sees Natasha's smirk, but as the silence drags on it fades away.
“The Avengers would have been there if help was needed!” Steve had shouted. “We would have been there for you, Stark.”
"The woman had a decoy. He couldn't have known."
"Your lab," Steve grumbled, sitting him down in a stool before collapsing heavily onto the one beside him. He rubbed his fingers in slow circles between his brows, pushing out with every pass until his forefinger and thumb were dug into his temples. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Tony place his dizzy head on one palm and settle in to stare at him, glassy eyed and smiling. "What?"
I steer Tony away from bars and he steers me away from the cliff I’ve been threatening to jump off of for almost ten years. We hang on to each other instead.
A long pause, then Fury, gruffer than before and impossibly more irritated. "Call and let me know when you've put on your big boy pants, Rogers. Fury out."
Also making a big step is Steve, but he's not ALL the way there yet. More on that in the next chapter.
Steve had confessed to them what had happened, tried to explain in the simplest, most clinical way he could. Zemo had lured them to the base, shot the Soldiers, and played the video in the hopes it would turn Tony against Bucky. Steve had revealed to Tony he'd known for two years and Tony attacked. Steve disabled the suit and dragged Bucky out into the snow where T'Challa was waiting.
