“He got some stitches, but I don’t think that’s what you mean.  His mind is unaffected, thank you.  After he heals, he’ll be right back in the suit.  Probably before, too.”
Steve seemed . . . normal.  For a king.  Nothing about him seemed to be concerned with putting on airs or making an impression.  He seemed unconcerned as to how anyone might perceive him.  Which Tony had to suppose was a good thing.  Tony could now tell that Steve had a decent sense of humor, but it would take some time to see exactly the extent Tony could go.  He seemed flexible, but Tony didn’t want to be tripping over himself for the next year if he had read the man wrong.
forward.  “Bring these down to the kitchen when you’re finished, then meet me out in the back courtyard.”  She whooshed away again.
point yet, but they were living together and Steve was taking him as his plus one to a close friend’s wedding.  It meant
.  The city hearth.  Hestia had not temples, but in many ways she had the first and most important.  There was no city thought the land without a city hearth.  Sacred and ever burning.  Could a polis truly call itself a polis without a prytaneion?  Only barbarians would have no hearth.  There was a reason why the throne was always off to the side and the hearth was in the middle of the room, and it wasn’t just because of the ocular vent in the ceiling.
Steve straightened up.  “No.  I wanna finish looking at the exhibit, get ice cream, and show you something special.  In that order.”  He looked at Tony worriedly.  “Okay?”
He can’t see, but they’re warm.  Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s brow.  A brown they’ll never say no to.
“Ha, they even got to make fun of your age in nail color,” Tony sassed, until Steve kissed him, in thanks and to shut him up.
“Water, vinegar, and a few drops of food coloring.”  He shrugged of Tony’s look of incredulity.  “Say what you will, she eats it up.  It also does double duty by killing ant trails in the summer.”
“You’re catching on.  Now go.  We’ll have breakfast soon.  And Tony,” her green eyes seemed to spark.  “Maybe you need to learn that you’ll often find more information if you
looking lost but full of hope at a new life after the last one undoubtedly fell apart. And Tony could give him that. Steve looked to be the kind of guy in need of purpose in his life. He needed to be doing something good, for the betterment of humanity. And Tony worked in that field already.
“Something the matter?” Fury asked, expression almost unreadable but there was a twist of knowing amusement in face.
“I’m leaving early for Sicilia and the Apennine Peninsula.  I’m not certain I’ll find anyone new.  But it won’t hurt to look.  I can’t exactly vet everyone, can I?”
“Lovely.  We’ll have to do this again, sometime,” he called over his shoulder before urging the horse to a canter.
Bruce said he would come up if he felt up to it, Pepper said she might have several meetings, and Tony wasn’t even able to reach Rhodey.  The wishy-washy way was nothing like any of them, but Tony refused to look deeper into it.
“I was having twelve percent of a moment.”  There it was.  “This seems serious, Phil seems pretty shaken.”
After oiling his body he decided on a simple white peplos covered by the scarlet himation his mother had given him before he left.  Once he was dressed he turned to watch for the island that would be his home for the next year.
They break up before it gets really bad, and Tony’s grateful that they can have what they do.  She deserves someone who can give her more than a kiss goodbye in the morning or distracted mutterings as he runs from the room to try out a flash of idea.
Being a genius was always an excuse to be a bit eccentric.  Being a billionaire just meant that it was more acceptable.
“Don’t worry, things can always go better where the media is concerned,” Pepper supplied, taking his jacket, smoothing out a crease, and laying it over the top of one of the low couches.  “You’re creating discussion, which is the important part.  You believe in Tony, which will convince others to think on it.  He’s already beloved by the under-30’s, and seeing the pinnacle of the American Dream against the head of America Bureaucracy will convince others.  You did well considering, Steve.”  She patted his arm.  “Now, Tony’s in bed.  Gave him his painkillers as soon as we got him up here.  I’ve put off some things for long enough, and I would appreciate if you could-“
, but it was clearly Carol’s idea, carried out by Jan. Inside was a bronze coin, about the size of a half-dollar, beautifully engraved with
But then, Steve is always careful when the subject of alcohol is in the air. They haven’t mentioned it yet, but Steve will bring it up eventually.
Drawing a hand through his hair, Tony chewed on his lip.  An idea hit him.  “Springs are usually fed by the rains.  What’s your flux in downpour throughout the seasons?”
“Blue, then.  NASA’d probably trip over themselves to let you do whatever you wanted.  Probably in exchange for a photo call.  Captain America showing support for the space program would probably get them some much-needed funding –“
A delirious part of his brain echoes a benign remark Natasha once made during one of their spa days.
“It won’t be here.  I’d like it to be in the forest, near the house?  Your house.  Camp Nelson’s a bit shabby for your usual tastes, but we could have it here if you really wanted.  But I’d like that bluff we sometimes go to.  Spring, before the fires start getting out of hand.  Dawn.  I know everyone would be complaining about the timing, but I don’t care.  I prefer the symbology of dawn better than sunset.  People go on about how beautiful the lighting is, but have they ever seen a spring dawn in the mountains?  With those pink and gold streaks?  It only lasts for a moment, but what a moment.”
The gurgling momentarily grew louder, and there was the sound of Steve blowing a raspberry, then baby giggles.
But he became obsessed with his children, asking their opinions and trying to learn as much as he could about them.  His captivity was the thing that made them close, and now he didn’t want to let go.  He had spent twenty years ignoring them, and the pain he felt over his imminent death had more to do with Peter and Ria than himself.
Steve seems to accept that. “Tony, tell me something.” His brow wrinkles in concentration. “How often
return home.  Howard, half-drunk already and resplendent in cloth of gold, hadn’t even glanced at him.
Steve’s mouth tightens and he nods shortly.  “Hindsight.  But the possibility of you helping me wasn’t the reason why I should have told you.”
He picks at the chocolate, then munches the dry, crumbing granola bars. He is gathering the packaging together when he feels the prickle of eyes on him.
The metal plates snapped off as the creature-thing when face up.  Stark shouted a warning, then shot a missile-type thing.  Steve had just enough time to raise his shield to cover himself and Romanoff before the projectile exploded.  The carcass went careening off of the side of the bridge.
Note on the Historical Era:  this is set in the late Heroic Age / Early Iron Age, before the Dorian Invasion or Greek Dark Ages, approximately one hundred years after the end of the Trojan War (maybe two/three generations removed).  However, certain elements of society, dress, architectural elements (not buildings), craftsmanship, ect. come from post-Dorian Invasion and the Classical era, mainly because there is so little information on the era this will take place in (plus, they’re interesting and look cool).  This was the time when the gods of the Greek Pantheon were taking a less active role on Earth, yet their influence was still strong.  Athens was still ruled by a king/tyrant, and Sparta had not yet adopted the militarized society we are accustomed to learning about.
“Falconry?  Maybe.”  Tony had been given a tiny bird to be trained to hunt when he was small, but Pepper had fallen in love with the bird and he’d let her have it.  She’d fed the thing too many dates and killed it, and was inconsolable for weeks.  She still flinched when anyone brought it up.
Steve snickered.  “Well, that’s what a lot of people working in factories saw themselves as.  They had no idea what the hell they were making.” He gestured vaguely at the entire section of the exhibit, which was about war industry.  There were a ton of black-and-white photos of men and women, mostly women, pulling finished products off assembly lines, as well of examples of the finished products beneath Plexiglas.
“Whoa, what?” Tony said, trying to sound both surprised at the developments but also like he would still be down to fuck if this was indeed where this was heading.
There were approximately eight bodies around his bed, several draped over his own.  Overheated skin on overheated skin, and there were heavy drapings over the windows, so the air was hot and stagnant, still filled with the heady scents of sweat and wine and bodily fluids.  Olive oil was everywhere, slicking skin and dripping onto the floor and staining the blanket and sheet.
wanted to be a soldier.  I wanted to prove myself while helping my country where I could.  Bucky said that to me a thousand times, but I didn’t get it until I had Hydra blood on my shield.  If I hadn’t been frozen, I still would have had to work.  I would have been sent to Korea, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf.  Maybe the USSR.  I would have never been allowed to quit, to hang up my shield.
It would be safe to say that Tony Stark could lay claim some of the most colorful experiences possible.  Champagne and cocaine laced parties that turned into orgies, rooms filled with the glitter and grace of Western society, any locale or person was accessible to him.  Even since the shift from the bubble-like cocoon that has been so rudely popped but had allowed him to become Iron Man, and the subsequent transition into a responsible “role model” (or so Pepper had said), he’d only floated between harsh austerity and lush excess.  The middle ground was something completely foreign, and completely boring in his eyes.
“Well, I’ve had a lot of practice.”  Tony couldn’t help but notice the flex of Steve’s biceps and he reached forward to slide it onto his left arm.  It his control over it made it seem like it was an extension of his body.  “I don’t use a spear – “
Turning away from the beauty of Steve’s form (more than a little sadly), Tony looked to see who exactly were these people who were so important that he had to meet them now.
Steve shook his head, sprinkling everyone with beads of water.  “You know, Naus, you could come for a visit.  You’re still welcome in the palace.”  The girl, Naus, huffed and crossed her arms.  Steve shot her a brotherly wink.  “Tony, may I introduce you to Nausikaa, daughter of King Alkinoos.  Naus, this is Antinous of Athens, son of King Hoples.”
The heat chamber was used to test how well vehicles would respond to extreme temperatures in the natural environment, so the room wouldn’t get too dangerously hot if one limited their time inside. By the time Tony arrived, limbs and heads were steadily emerging from the ice. He would have to request to see Shapanka’s ice-making blaster, but it wasn’t likely he was using liquid nitrogen. He mentally kicked himself for not keeping a better eye on Shapanka, but what happened had happened, with no major damage. The man hadn’t killed anyone, and most of what he had stolen would likely be recovered soon enough.
She had always told him that the gods would bless him, that he would rise to be amongst the ranks of Herakles and Akhilles and Odysseus.  That the gods, so absent now, with little love for mortals in these hard days, smiled on him, and held him precious.
Natasha led the way, Tony and Bruce right behind her.  Clint seemed to have a habit of wandering, zigzagging to and fro as different things caught his interest.  Tony remarked that he seemed a bit like a dog, to which the other two responded, “No.  A lot like a bird.”
“Uh-huh,” Steve agreed vacantly, staring at the slender finger being sucked harshly by its owner.  He nearly bent his spoon in half.  He snapped himself out of it.  “Well, if you’re done,” Steve said, rising quickly and holding the tray in front of him so Tony wouldn’t be able to see anything.
” Steve said frantically, trying to pull him closer to his broad chest.  Tony pushed him away.  He pulled up the gossip websites, blaring “Tony Stark ‘Tamed’ by Cheater?”, “Stark’s Fireman Beau: Has He Found Someone Better?”, “Stark in an Open Relationship?  Not the Craziest Thing He’s Ever Done.”
She frowned at him.  “You look like you’re going to have a stroke.”  She turned to Steve.  “Is he okay?  Can I throw things at him yet?”
The next step was to find the mysterious village where the Drakovich children came from. Which doesn’t seem to exist.  People told him that it would be impossible to make a settlement there, and the mountains are full of dangers.  The cold being the worst.  Even in summer, when the lower parts thaw, the terrain is rugged and filled with natural barriers that make it nigh impossible to get where Tony desires to go.
That makes Steve pause. “Okay, Zemo.  I’m just going to say this once.  Call off your goons or you’ll just get us all killed.  Fight us like a man.”
But maybe, he thought as he righted the sofa and placed the cushions in their normal places, he had been reading everything right all along, and was just too much of an idiot to realize.
“Could be. In all actuality, it’s what you find valuable.  By ‘you’ I mean the dragon in question.  Most hoard books and art.  One of my cousins hoards geodes.  My great-great-great uncle hoards seeds.  It varies.  But dragons do like shiny things, as a rule.”
When Steve had righted himself, he moved over to where Tony was loading up the eggs in a pipette, and depositing them with shaking hands into the arto-utero.  He handed Steve another, larger instrument that looked like a turkey baster to inject his semen.
Sometimes, he really missed her.  As happy as he was Steve, as perfect as everything had been up until a few hours ago, he missed her being what she once had been.  They weren’t ever going to be successful in the long term (which was a very real possibility with Steve), and Tony was glad they had ended it before they had permanently damaged things between them.  But the reason they were both wonderful and destructive together was that they knew each other so well.  They could anticipate one another’s thoughts, views, and choices of action.  They could operate like to wound cogs, each doing their respective job, and moving towards their end goal.
He was debating asking Steve to carry him when Clint shot back “NNNOOOOooOOOooo i tak it bak id suk ur dick if steebbe woodnt br8k my nek XP”.
, is that I got this.  I’m not the first guy I’ve known that’s gotten hit in battle.  It sucks, but it happens.”  He shrugs, then winces at the suddenness of the movement.  “Does no use moping about.  The attitude in military hospitals is almost always ‘well, bye legs, nice knowing you, now let’s get back to work’.  Yeah, these things are traumatic.  Yeah, it scars beyond the physical.  But Tones,” Rhodey reaches out and taps him on the bicep with a closed fist.  “I’m a damn sight better than you are.”
The tenseness of the line of Bucky’s shoulders lessened somewhat. He visibly relaxed.  “Well. As happy as I am for you, you need to get it under control.  People don’t just go around talking to their kids out loud.”
, as there were other rites of induction for babies born into the house.  Nausikaa showering Tony with nuts and fruits mean that, at least religiously, Tony was to be a member of her household.
The moment shattered as Steve deftly pulled the check from beneath Tony’s fingers and began to shred it. “I’m not accepting your money. I could, but I can’t. I didn’t save you in the hopes of a payday. It’s just what I do. What I used to do. What I’m
.  It’s not a machine.  Trust me.  Machines are so much easier.  There are ways to break reinforced reactions and other things, but what do either of you expect?  That he’ll forget everything?  That he’ll miraculously revert back to be exactly the same as your old buddy?  The most you can hope for is to find a way to override the override, and time to come to terms with everything that has happened.  But if you think that ‘getting him back’ means getting the guy you knew back in the forties, you’re sorely mistaken.”
Today, Zoloto and Dragotsennyy are on a windblown plateau. Centuries of harsh winds have blasted the stone smooth and have prevented too much icy buildup.  Zoloto lounges along the rocky wall, as Dragotsennyy slowly paces the ledge that overlooks miles and miles of snowy mountains and valleys.
More and more tiny cottages appeared next to tiny fields, with tiny people emerging, pointing and waving cheerfully.  They looked excited, thrilled at the sight of the trireme, like they’d never seen an Athenian warship before.  Which they probably hadn’t.
Natasha glanced at him.  “Not if you don’t want to.  They’re false sentiment.  Some people just feel better when they buy something.  Makes them feel less useless.”
All the rooms had been personalized to an extent, but Tony now saw that is was just a comfort thing.  No one had really made the place home, not even him.  The cold glass and steel made for impressive views, but didn’t allow in any warmth.  Not that Tony could say he’d ever lived in a warm home.  The house growing up was stiff and formal, the boarding rooms bland and impersonal.  Even his adult homes, while lauded for their masterful architecture and über-modern furnishings, art, and layouts, were nothing if not crafted by someone else.  It made sense, now, why he’d never seen any of the team in their pajamas or leaving their bits of themselves on tables and chairs.
He was unrelentingly harsh, wound up in a way he didn’t understand, toweling off and pulling on his clothes.  He wanted to go to the gym, he wanted to punch something.  He wanted . . . .
Tony roars.  He breathes, once, twice, before continuing.  “I don’t know what family you’re talking about.  All I have is my partially paralyzed best buddy and a confused android.  The Avengers?  What, that group of freaks Fury pushed together in a desperate attempt to save the world?  There were six of us at the start, if you remember.  Where are they?  Let’s see.  One is traversing the galaxy, trying to get to the bottom of whatever it is that he’s trying to get to the bottom of.  One decided to disappear into thin air, and we have no idea if he’s alive or dead.  One skipped out voluntarily, without a trace.  One retired, then came out of retirement just to disappear, leaving his wife to ask
Dugan put down his pint.  “If we’re going to do this, we need a name.  Something cool, but tough.  We’re not gonna call ourselves the Patriots.  Sorry, Cap.”
Once the water was steaming, Tony stepped into the tub and pulled the polka-dot shower curtain closed.  Almost immediately, he let out a string of swears as his knee sent a mound of bath toys balanced precariously on the sides cascading onto his feet.  He bent over, swearing as he tried to haphazardly put them back into their places.  He got a face full of cold water when he tried picking up a squeaky shark and found it squirted water.
Pepper had the distinction of being Howard’s oldest child.  He had fathered her on a hapless slave girl, who had died in childbirth.  Pepper had fortunately lived, suckled by one of the many old nurses and brought up to follow in the aging Jarvis’ footsteps.  Occasionally Tony wondered why Pepper had not been exposed outside the city walls, but was thankful to whatever god ordained it that she hadn’t been.
“It’s no ordinary boar.”  Steve just stared at her, waiting.  Makris shot a nervous glance at Tony, before turning back to Steve.  “Your father.”
And the metal isn’t solid.  It’s liquid, melding and shifting with ideas, emotion.  Like the heat in them has raised the temperature so high that nothing can be solid ever again, after being subjected to these eyes.
“Don’t bullshit me, Tony.  You fought Vanko mainly because he threatened me.  You didn’t need to, but . . . still, thank you.”
But at times like tonight, it just adds another layer to the bitterness at the insurmountable barrier that lies between whatever it is that they are now and the possibility of what could be if things were different, if they didn’t hurt each other so much, if Steve cared for him in the same way Tony always had.
Something lit up behind Steve’s eyes. “You live a, well, exciting life. You have lots of opportunities to do something good in the world. I – I don’t know if my previous occupation is in demand anymore, but the military is not where I’m going to find my place – now. If I’m going to – if I’m going to move forward, it’ll be in the types of circles you move in. I think. I don’t know, but what I do – what I’ve done – it’s a pretty exclusive niche. But it’s pretty important, I’d say. And it might not be a fully realized niche, but the potential is damn well there.” And then Steve asked the question that sealed the deal. “You work
Tony double parked, and leapt over the unopened door. His Italian loafers seemed to squeak with joy to be back on grease-stained concrete. “I got a little caught up! But, hey, I’m here now!”
After they had disabled the transmitters for the CDC, Nat had slunk about putting up surveillance equipment throughout the facility while Rhodey had sat with Tony in the van, plying him with donut holes as he nursed his watery slushie.  When Nat finished her sweep, she’d sent a message to Bucky, telling them they could proceed with their destruction.  Tony had begged to be allowed to contact Steve himself, but Nat and Rhodey just shut him down.
“Tony,” Steve started as Tony was scrubbing his hands with GoJo, filling the muggy air with the cutting scent of orange, “are we, um – “
“Of course.” Steve reaches over and roughly tousles his hair. “I’m Captain America. It’s my shtick. And besides, I’ve got one hell of a role model for being better, now don’t I?”
Tony froze, and looked up slowly, cognac eyes wide and whiskey-bright.  There was something in the air, making it thicken.  Steve would have said congealed, but it was too hot.
“Focus on the mission.”  Rhodey laughed, but buried it in a fake cough.  Gritting his teeth, Tony stared out the window, unseeing.
He was cryptic in his transparency.  In Athens, everyone on down to the slaves in the silver mines were concerned with obscuring any weakness from public view and twisting reality to meet their needs.  Tony expected Steve, as an Athenian by birth and breeding, to be much the same.  But now, Tony supposed he understood a little as to why he had quickly abandoned Athens for Korkyra.  The quiet earnestness that seemed to be the setting of Steve’s character would have him ripped to shreds back home.
Tony sprinted out into the rotunda, fussing with his phone to get JARVIS to activate the tracking device on Steve’s phone.  Signals were always crap in older buildings, but after a long moment, JARVIS was able to trace the location to the Amtrak waiting area.  He jogged past the glowing argon signs indicating with arrows “TO TRAINS”.
Clint nodded.  “Now, we have MREs, or Meals Ready to Eat.  You add water and heat them up, they’re not bad.  Better than the old ones.”
that Iron Man just pops whenever you get into trouble!” She fluttered her eyelashes at him, drops of water clinging to them. “Isn’t just so
He wrinkles his nose at the dampness of the blanket mound, but still wiggles deeper inside. The scent of dark roast is slowly leaching into the air, another layer to the comfort that the blankets and Steve’s presence gives.
Still staring vacantly into his wine, he was filled with a fierce determination to not only prove himself, but to thrive here, and not just to gain these people’s respect, but to belong in their midst and their love.
Now, at eighteen, he was one of the Avengers, something Steve could tell Tony was immensely proud of, no matter how much he brushed it off.
But that shield . . . .  Seeing it stirred something within him that he could not name.  The heat, the fire that seemed to exist only in him.  The way the hearth seemed to beckon him, the strange desire to thrust his hand into the flames and caress the embers.  The impulse to coat his fingers in glowing liquid bronze and anoint himself with it, as if it were oil.
She curls her undulating body and beckons with a claw. Dragotsennyy moves to sit with her, letting his head fall back to rest against her scaly belly.
He needed to stop this, he thought as he tucked the orange Post-It and scrap of multimedia paper lovingly beneath the plate.  He needed to stop thinking of Tony this way; he needed to give up on the faint hope that he could be something more than a friend in Tony’s life.
Well, Tony mused as he picked up the tube, at least the kids had taste.  That or Barton had found a better sense of humor.
“Can we not do this here?  Now?  With –“ Damnit, Tony couldn’t breathe.  “With the lives of seven billion at stake?”
There seemed to be a certain hazing element to their teasing, goading him to see how he responded.  The camaraderie seemed fairly natural between them, but the easy way they melded around him was foreign.  He could count the people in Athens who treated him like a friend on one hand.
Thor is too very grateful, as Asgardian wealth translates to zip on Earth.  Thor’s far more conservative than Tony expected, but it was always fun to snoop the charges to see what Thor had been getting himself into.  Spa visits and theme parks and a bunch of hipster restaurants, because the god of thunder turns out to be a complete foodie, who knew?
“What? I’m not –“ Happy stared him down in the rear-view mirror. “I don’t have to explain myself to you. Let me out.” He plucked ineffectively at the door.
“Shh, don’t tell the feds, and it’s for things we can’t do near major populations, and also cold weather testing in case we need to invade the Russians for some reason. And don’t think your cheek is going to get you anywhere, I’m onto you. But I travel around a lot, doing demos and such. You’re gonna see the world on my dime, Steve Rogers.”
Shapanka shuddered, droplets of water forming puddles on the carpet from the heat. “Turn it off! Turn it off!” he spluttered.
The soft creak of Steve’s door stirred Tony, and the several sets of footsteps entered.  A faint snicker, belonging to Clint, was shushed by what sounded like Bucky.  He burrowed slightly closer into Steve’s side, tensing himself for whatever the guys had in store.
Fair warning: there are some discussions relating to slavery, particularly sexual slavery, in this chapter, and will be in the rest of the fic.  It was a deeply entrenched part of Greek society, though different from what our modern assumptions of what slavery might be, and I’m not going to gloss over it.  Note that I’m altering characters and their attitudes to fit the era, so don’t . . . assume that I think they would share these attitudes in modern canon, mmkay?
, that – that you’re supposed to stop them if emotions ever get involved.”  Steve closes his eyes, and breathes out through his nose.  “So we need to stop.”
“Well, yes, but that was to be expected.”  She whispered something he couldn’t hear and looked out the window.  A soft, cool breeze, smelling of pomegranates wafted through the window, which was odd, since the fruit did not come into season for another few months.  She stood.  “Come with me.”
Steve couldn’t believe that he was actually here.  Here, at Camp Leigh.  An Army training camp.  He had been internally celebrating with Peter and Maria since Erskine had offered his “chance”.  The twins had assured him this was how he got in the Army, this was how he got in the War, this “chance” would change everything.
Steve shrugged.  “All three of them, out on the beach.  I didn’t stop to chat, but they heckled me as I passed.”
Steve continues examining the inside of his eyelids, wondering why there was a sudden deluge of chatter in his mind.  One male, deep enough to be reassuring to a causal listener, but somehow pitched higher in a way that implied constant indignation bordering on affection.  The other female, pleasantly low, but also pitched higher, and sounded both energized and exhausted at the same time.  Her tone was loving.
As he came down, galaxies turning to stardust and dawn, he became aware of how Tony had positioned the specimen cup to neatly catch all of Steve’s ejaculate.  The cup was filled with a few teaspoons’ worth of semen, and Tony was holding it up closely to his face to inspect it.
a little voice shouted in his head.  But he quashed it.  Hera was his possible patron.  It was enough.  It had to be.  A mirage that may or may not have been Hephaestus was no proof.  Though it occurred to him that Steve hadn’t directly addressed that story.  Hmm.
“And Bruce is headed out to a conference.  Just you and Steve to hold down the fort.”  Nat gave him a dirty look.
“Excuse me?  Captain?  Hi, I’m Caroline.  Uh, my father was in the war, and, well, he passed away in the eighties, and my son,” she shot a glare at the boy, who had good sense enough to look sheepish, “he knows nothing about his grandfather’s history; he only cares about body counts.  Could you, if it wouldn’t be too much trouble . . . ?”
Thor removed Jane’s garter with his teeth, and then grinning, ignored the crowd of guys waiting and launched it directly at Steve’s face.
Tony tripped over a carriage’s spare trace and nearly spilled the basket.  “Jan is an old friend.  I haven’t made up my mind about her husband yet.”  Natasha nodded in a way that said “Fair enough.”  “But no, what I am I
Pepper pounced on him the second he re-emerged from his office, Tony Stark once again. “They need you down in the vault block! You’ll never guess who was breaking in!”
Pepper looked like he had lifted a tremendous weight off her chest.  “Thank God.  I know I’m not his guardian anymore, but I still feel obligated-“
.  Helm, breastplate, greaves, shield, sword; painted in places and accented with red-dyed leather fasteners, all fashioned from a shiny silvery metal that was both utterly distinctive and unrecognizable.
Maybe he felt more at home when he was alone in a big house.  Or maybe he didn’t know what a proper home was.
Steve was less impressed by the corporate offices, but Tony could barely blame him. There was less innovation, more paper pushing, less respect of intelligence, more ass-kissing. When Tony introduced Steve as his new bodyguard, he just nodded mutely at whoever it was. Playing dumb, no one would believe that a man of Steve’s stature had more intelligence than a brick, but it was a smart move on Steve’s part.
A soft breath ruffled his hair, and the warmth of the hard chest beneath his head and the pleasant ache in his ass connected, and he remembered.
Steve sat at the edge of Tony’s bed, listening to his still-shaky breathing but resolutely not looking at him.  Once Tony’s breath had evened out a little, Steve spoke robotically:
So it went.  They moved around on missions, tracing Hydra’s whereabouts.  Sometimes the twins helped, giving him information he didn’t have or reminding him of certain things he had forgotten or overlooked.  War was terrible, but it was also fun.  He’d never had this much fun.
Steve was most certainly a demigod, son of a much more important god than a muse, but all they had was speculation.  He had never confirmed anything before making a hasty departure to his new kingdom.
He flies a single lap around the building, before alighting again on the wall, his claws scraping lightly at the concrete.
“I know this is stupid, but do you have another name? They had to have given you one before you were adopted.”
Steve groaned loudly as he pressed along his length, fingers moving fast, spreading the translucent drops of precome around to lessen the friction.
and get to know me.  So it’s a little difficult to understand why he would say the whole future was riding on me.  I don’t get that.  We’re talking about a man whose first instinct to his wife being pregnant was to try and divorce her, and whose happiest day was when he shipped me off to boarding school.”
“So you’re disinheriting me.”  Fine.  Tony would take his mother and Pepper, and . . . set up as a blacksmith.  In Corinth.  Or Argos.  Or Pylos.  Somewhere.  They could go to Zancle.  Rhodey would be king, and Tony would be free to do what he wanted.
Tony always had difficulty connecting people he knew with having kids.  Vary rarely were kids taken into his world, aside from the Make-A-Wish children and those that approached him.  Offers had been made for the Avengers to appear at elementary schools, but people had protested a “self-appointed squad of egotistical freaks” influencing children.  The PR reps always responded with a soft “no”, giving some bullshit about potential attacks and safety.  So, the team was beloved by children but was not allowed near them very often.  But still, the mails bags came loaded with crayon drawings and badly-executed letters.
Steve stared at him with understanding eyes, then strode off, naturally expecting Tony to follow.  “It’s a bit of an adjustment, I know.  Don’t think you have to immediately fall into the country life.  Just keep in mind the harvest dictates a large part of our time.”
Steve and Tony stayed for the most part at their table, though Steve did drag him out onto the floor to dance several times, and Tony often found people cutting in to dance with his surefooted boyfriend.
Not that Tony intends to die on this journey. But it’s possible.  More than likely.  But if he does survive?  Who knows if he’ll be in any fit state to return to the Avengers.
The creature lets out a growl that reverberates through the chamber, its fine acoustics making the sound vibrate a hundred times over in his mind. This is laughter.
It’s late, very late, the persistent buzz of midtown down from a dull roar to a faint whine. Everything is just a bright as it always is, but in the early morning hours, the city that never sleeps has a bit of a lull. Offices mostly empty for the night, save the few who toiled on, or brokered shady deals, or fucked call girls after calling home that they had to work overtime. The business world is filled with slime. He almost prefers villains.
Tony allowed himself a moment to stare: Steve, golden pale skin glistening, back arched and head thrown back, lips a perfect “O” as he caught on the vowel of Tony’s name, hot white cum painting their abdomens.
He inherits the company, drinks, has sex, revolutionizes the industry, drinks some more.  Pepper begins to run his life, buys funny statues carved from soapstone and hematite and decorates his house with them.  He pretends he doesn’t know what the minerals are, but he does.  A block of rutilated quartz becomes his favorite doorstop.
A couple of dockworkers reached out for the mooring lines, puling and twisting, and soon enough, Tony was standing next to Fury on the creaky boards.
Steve laughed, an honest-to-gods throw-back-your-head-and-guffaw.  “Don’t I remember.  Either we were starving or had to let food rot.  Korkyra’s agriculture is much more immediate to see than just waiting for the farmers to come to the agora.”
“I’ve had MREs better than this shit,” Clint muttered, looking at Steve for permission before nabbing his slice.  Natasha sighed and gave him a look.
“Does your boss not think you’re capable enough handle routine shit on your own?” Tony shot back.  Rhodey and Nat made noises of agreement.
“No, but I’m still confused as to why you asked me to marry you.  But I’m not gonna just let you go, either.”  Tony burrowed deeper into Steve’s embrace.
Steve managed a laugh.  “I thought it would be good, y’know?  Thought that a place like this would be good for me.  I can’t stand going to my
“Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you.  He thought what we think: the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy.  That’s something the world sorely needs.”
“Well, it’ll do,” Tony sighed, shooing the guy who carried their bags up from the room with a wad of bills.
The skin around Steve’s eyes crinkled as he smiled.  “Just imagine that you’re visiting an oracle.  Everything they say will make sense in retrospect.”
There were the people Tony knew, a few he’d met once or twice, and plenty he recognized from photos.  The other members of Crew 91 were there, as was Peggy, Steve’s old girlfriend and her new girlfriend, plus many of the people who worked in the park or lived in Camp Nelson.  But Pepper was the first to greet them.
Tony can tell when they’ve traveled far enough, because the dull pain of his ear popping ripples down his jaw. He ignores it in favor of taking a long draught from the hot . . . beverage of some sort Akim’s wife had provided at the beginning of their journey.  It isn’t coffee, or tea, or anything else Tony has ever tasted.  There is milk of some sort in it, and it’s very thick, with warm spices laced throughout.  Inga had tried to pour half a bottle of bathtub vodka into the thermos, but Tony had braved her baffled stare as he waved her off.
“And sex . . . Tony, we’re not always going to be up for it.  We live very stressful lives, we get hurt, sometimes we’re apart for weeks at a time.  When we first got together, all I wanted was to fuck you silly when I got home, but now . . . I miss you, not the sex.  I wanna cuddle you and hear you run your mouth.  I like sex, but I love you.  Make sense?”
On the screen, a sweaty man with a comb-over was explaining to a room filled with men in shirtsleeves that someone had to make the duct-tape covered box that he had just plonked down on the antiquated computer console.
“My armor and weapons were gifts.”  Tony rolled his eyes.  “Alright, I’m sure you could get that.  But they are of divine provenance.  They were a gift from Athena.  She is my patron.  They’re made of adamantite, forged by Hephaestus.”  The shield made a loud echoing boom as it hit the floor.  “Tony!  What’s wrong?”
Before Tony could answer, the air seized up in a tremendous gust, rolling and expanding in a wall of heat as the flames hit the fuel tank. The man folded Tony closer to his chest and fell forward, placing his not inconsiderable weight on him, as fire licked at his back of his jacket.
(He draws him naked, from the flashes he has seen and decent guesswork.  It’s a guilty pleasure, but not one he would apologize for.  It’s not a selfish want.  Well, not entirely.)
“No, I – “ but he can’t lie in the face of a double captain glare. “Alright.  Yes.  I think I know what he’s looking into.  I can’t really say what it is right now, but it’s not good, whatever he’s planning.  I have some faith that he doesn’t know much about
It’s not often that Tony willingly heads into a situation of which he has next to zero intel. But this isn’t anything he can hack, isn’t anything he can just blast his way into.  It’s tracking papers and making deductions.
kids in a vague, idealistic way, but he never even entertained the idea of having any.  The board had dropped the topic of an heir very quickly, remembering that Tony’s own fucked-up existence was due to their predecessors demanding Howard produce an heir.  His succession plan was finding some young, underprivileged genius, promoting them and training them up as his eventual successor.
“Everybody was two people in one, right?  Four arms, four legs, two heads.  Zeus split us up as punishment, and now we devote our lives to searching for our missing halves.”  The story always left a sour taste in his mouth.  “We focus on that, and we don’t challenge the gods.  That’s why sex is so good, because we’re joined like we’re supposed to be.  Honestly, Steve, that’s one of those stories that make me think it was just made up.”
“Well, about time you got your ass back!” Rhodey shouted, hurling himself down the porch and into Tony, looping an arm around Tony’s shoulders as he dismounted.
“Actually,” Steve starts shyly, “I want to learn how to throw clay.  I’ll need, well, clay, a pottery wheel, glazes, a kiln.”
Steve pulled down two wide, shallow soup bowls, and ladled out two servings of the stew.  He placed it in front of Tony with a flourish.  “Wait,” he moved over to Bruce’s herb garden, coming back with a solitary mint leaf, which he placed carefully on the center of Tony’s stew.  “Sorry.  Not jelly, but it’s mint.”
Tony’s eyes widened comically, leaning over the back of Steve’s armchair, hair dangling so much that any closer and Steve would probably be sneezing.  “Oh, and I’m not ever thinking?  It’s kind of my day job.”  He smelled of hot metal, and grease, and orange.
“Oh, shit.  Steeeeeve, hide me,” Tony tried to climb up Steve’s shoulders, and kicking out, making Bruce and Sam flinch away.
“If it makes it easier, just a piece of paper that says ‘I, Steve Rogers, do so solemnly promise that I am after Tony Stark for his heart, not his coffers.’  I don’t really care if either of us gains a little weight.”
Steve pulls him into his arms, and it’s the same and different, because he’s so familiar with Steve’s embrace but know he doesn’t have to break it off, doesn’t have to hide what he’s feeling, he can stay in the warmth as long as he likes. This is coming in from the cold Russian winter and chucking your thermal mittens away, because
The man turned back to Tony, and their noses were quite suddenly an inch apart. It became even more difficult to breathe and the heat rose again, but Tony was sure it had nothing to do with the fire, and the tightness in his chest increased.
The next morning found him back in his old neighborhood.  Peggy led him into the secret lab, and the twins were quiet.  They were tense, excited, but when Erskine greeted him, they had a sad sort of melancholy about it.  But before he could ask what it was about, he found himself being shepherded into a cocoon-like machine.  Nurses in starched white uniforms strapped him in, and he had to deal with Maria’s frostiness when Stark appeared.  There was a large group of elite middle-aged men containing Colonel Philips, looking both doubtful and bored as they moved into the observation room.  Before he knew it, the nurses were loading in the vials of violently blue serum and attaching pads to his chest and arms.
Tony laughed at his children’s bickering, the rise and fall of the conversation as familiar as the sleek lines of his fingers.
Peggy smiled tiredly.  “You’ll do well, Tony.  Now,”  she straightened as she stood, “I’m going to talk to your father about the
“Trap door,” Tony reeled off. “He was down in the labyrinth, waiting for me to give him a tune-up. I went down, he came up.”
And he had never understood the term “afterglow”, but lying in a rumpled bed afterwards with arms full of contented Tony, he finally did.
, made of course to Howard, not Tony.  They were certain that a relationship with an older man, or even a
of something landing in thick snow echoes through the gorge.  He crouches behind a tree, and sees something massive and reptilian moving in the half-darkness, and primes a repulsor.
They keep step as the DJ plays Peter Gabriel’s “In Your Eyes” as everyone watches from the sides of the dance floor.
Steve’s chuckle reverberated through his spine.  “Yeah, but that’s you.  And I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
The man who had been breaking into the vault before Steve and Happy had intervened ducked just as a bullet rocketed into the metal door of the vault an inch for where the man’s hand once was, and Tony was able to see his face. He felt the momentary pang of betrayal: Professor Shapanka, one Tony’s most trusted scientists, a genius in the field of cryogenics. He’d just returned from a prolonged contract for a top-secret military project, the details of which Tony hadn’t even been trusted with.
“It helps the stock and adds unique flavor.  And must I remind everyone that I’m only a second-generation Irish immigrant?  They’d let me get citizenship if I applied for it.”
Steve’s fingers are still curled around the beam, but they have gone limp has he stares at Zemo in horror.
He thought about writing to his mother, Peggy, Pepper, and Rhodey, but he didn’t feel up for it.  They’d only have questions that he couldn’t answer.  And anyway, Peggy was the only one who knew Steve, and even then Tony suspected the man had probably changed over ten years.
The eyes that enrapture him are confused, scared, worried, terrified, but Tony’s the one who leans in first anyway.
“Still, I must send some to my lovely Jane!  I would appreciate seeing her in my colors!  Lady Pepper, when may I order some?” and Pepper had to explain that they would probably give Thor as many as he wanted.  Thor then busied himself with making a list of all the people in his life that he should send the polish to.  Apparently, Jane, Darcy, Selvig, and some lady who ran a café in New Mexico would be set for life.
Everyone waited a beat before dissolving into raucous laughter.  Tony was left to stare.  Fury continued munching on an onion like none of the rest existed.
Steve doesn’t seem in a hurry to move.  He sniffs again, rubs an open palm over his face and lets it trail through his hair.  Yaws, stretches in an odd way, like he’s pressing himself deeper into the mattress.  Why he isn’t shoving Tony away and shouting, he doesn’t know.
“Hey, Tony, could you look over my notes for my speech?” Bruce asked.  The man had a gift for distraction.
Shapanka stumbled out, coughing and slightly singed, revealing the shiny under suit he wore beneath the layer of ice. Tony heard the sprinklers engage, and turned to look in on the wet and smoldering remains of his office. Nothing of consequence looked damaged. He turned back to the sweating ice figures at his side.
Natasha laid down her tools and examined him.  “I can’t say at this point.  You’ve most certainly been spoiled, but you’re taking well to your new environment.  You’re eager to prove yourself, and you haven’t complained
“I’ll drink to that.”  Clint tried to down the rest of the contents of his kylix, but ended up spilling it down the front of his front.  Natasha made a noise of disgust and moved to lounge on Fury’s vacated couch.
“Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won't re-engage without a jump.  I'm gonna have to get in there and push.”
Tony, still in his pajamas, marched forward with his jaw set.  Steve opened his mouth, but Tony held up a hand for quiet.
“Always a way out.  You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.”
Enarephoros seemed surprised, but he recovered.  “Well, we don’t have much in the way of proper fountains here.  Mostly people draw water directly from springs or wells or gather rainwater.  We’ve been trying to run pipe from a nearby spring, but while it worked fine this past winter, it hasn’t been giving us much of anything since it got warmer.  There is water in the spring, we’ve made good with the nymph whose it is, but we can’t figure out what’s wrong.”
He jolted harshly when he recalled the moan Tony had issued earlier, a burst of precome coming suddenly.  He tasted a taste of metal.  The metal of bullet casings, the metallic taste of blood.  Copper.  No, iron.  Always iron.  Iron.
blessed by the gods, but Steve has a very deep relationship with them.  When he asks, they tend to answer.  He knows the answers to questions we don’t know to ask.  He tries to teach us to pray like he does, but the only one who’s any good at it is Bruce, and he’s worked in temples before.  He wants you mentally prepared before the gates are opened.  Because there will no closing them again.”
Tony, of course, had leapt on Steve’s enthusiasm, buying him books and organizing a private tour of the Smithsonian’s Air and Space for him.  Tony also had plans for taking Steve to Cape Canaveral, and Johnson Space Center, and the entire Ohio Aviation Heritage Trail, but they were just ideas sitting in a folder, because Tony wanted to take Steve, not the Avengers, who would most certainly get them kicked out for climbing things, and they couldn’t go alone, because how would it look, two men on cheesy vacations together?
.  Before Korkyra came here, the island was known as Drepane, because of the scythe we taught them to use.  Though I certainly find Korkyra a prettier name,” she finished, reaching out to squeeze said woman’s hands.
“That’s me.”  The man looked relived, probably because he assumed Tony would protect him from the river god.  “Hey, can I borrow your horse?  I need to get back to my city.”
There is a point in the sky where it doesn’t matter what the temperature is on the ground, the cold of space will still dominate. He knows this, because he’s had to struggle with it, in both aeronautics and his suits.
“So where is this thing in Cincinnati?  I can find a museum or something while you’re at the conference.”
“Steve offered to mentor you.  He’s the best man I’ve ever known.  If you could be a tenth of the man he is, I’d be happy.  There’s a ship that’s waiting.  Now,
“No.  You don’t get to have this.  If you want something like this . . . .”  He doesn’t finish it.  He doesn’t know how.
She sighed, and crouched down by his chair.  He felt a cool, gentle yet confident had on his upper arm.  “You don’t have to leave the hospital.  Just come down to the cafeteria, get some food with us.  You need to eat.”
But it was almost visceral to be standing there getting the full force of hospitality straight to the face.  Especially when he was the one on the receiving end.
He sat on one end of the couch, she on the chair angled ninety degrees right next to him.  He breathed, and she took his hand, squeezing faintly.
“Trouble sleeping?”  It was Fury, the man with the eye patch.  The current director of SHEILD, the successor to the SSR.  Founded by Peggy.
without causing major monetary damage.  It was a combination of anger, jealousy, resentment, a million things he couldn’t name.  Hurt.  Hurt was one of them.  “It’s bad enough that . . . .”
“He’s a bit like a recruiter,” Steve told him.  “He scours different places, trying to find anyone with the . . . qualifications needed to be an Alastor.  We’re rather few and far between, but the gods reveal those they see fit in time.  If they’re hesitant to join, Fury will contact me and I will travel in disguise to try and convince them.  Which almost always happens.”  He glowered good-naturedly at the others.  Bruce had the courage to look abashed.  “He also keeps those others in our network informed.  Not everyone can live here, and I understand that.”
“Look,” Tony darted out a hand, pressing the check to the Formica tabletop to stop Steve from fiddling with it. “I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you stepping in. Anything you want, it’s yours.”
Yanking Tony away from his fervent admirers, Rhodey guided him over towards the throne, and once the people had quieted down, Tony stood straight, squared his shoulders, and drew his sword from his belt.  He held it aloft, and for a fraction of a second a glint of terror glimmered in Howard’s eyes, before he assumed his usual disapproval/apathy.
“Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies.  It is the signal to all the realms that the earth is ready for a higher form of war.”
, but still.”  Steve ran a hand through his hair.  “I don’t know if I want to bother getting married.”
There was a massive American flag hanging from the ceiling as well, and Tony couldn’t resist taking the picture of Steve in the foreground and the flag behind him, tweeting it out with “#AmericaSquared”.
Everyone got into it, and it was . . . fun, Steve had to admit.  He didn’t like the crazy colors, but was willing to try the more muted, traditional colors.  Tony would try anything on the warm side of the color palette.   Sam liked anything bright.  Natasha liked anything dark.  Clint only wore purple, unless you painted arrow designs on.  Thor just picked the ones with the goofiest names.  Bruce liked calm colors.  Pepper refused anything that wasn’t a French manicure, but sat for hours letting Bucky practice.  Rhodey even got in on it, letting them do whatever.  It was taken advantage of all the time.
With no shortage of trepidation, Tony approached the assembled men.  Before he could wonder where to sit, Steve gestured that he should sit on the wooden bench next to him.  After Tony had taken his place, Steve turned back to the men.  “Enarephoros, could you bring Tony up to date about our fountain situation?”
With an almighty crash, the Stark Special snapped the guardrail and spiraled, skidding on its nose for a few meters before landing in a twisted pile with a groan. Additional pain ratcheted through him as the steering column rammed into the chest plate. He tore off his restraining harness, but to no use. The sides of the vehicle were crushed, the wheel bent and pinning his torso to the seat.
They wound through the main courtyard, which Steve had bypassed earlier.  The floor here was also done in breathtaking mosaic, this time a white and blue geometric pattern.  A few cooking fires burned lowly near the walls as the poor made their dinners.
He heard shooting begin, but he was too immersed in the engine.  If he stopped to look, he’d be confetti.
” before Shapanka aimed the hose directly act Steve, encasing him in a perfectly transparent block of ice.
He should probably open his eyes, should investigate the source of the warmth, but he couldn’t bring himself to.  After several years of waking in a panic in his own bed, of taking a precious ten seconds to figure out
“People don’t want to know Tony Stark.  Tony Stark is a teenager who thinks he’s better than everyone, rubs his intelligence in other people’s faces, and is an asshole because he’s rich enough so he can be.”
“You idiot,” Tony growled, pulling a laughing Steve into a kiss.  The ring was just a simple rounded off band of yellow gold.  Tony never would have picked it for himself, but seeing the way it glowed gently against his skin, he could tell Steve had spent hours trying to match the warm gold with Tony’s skin.
But he’s never felt it on his skin, without some metal shell protecting him, with a dozen dragons surrounding him.
“Oh,” Tony said, trying not to sound too disappointed.  He decided to undo his sandals first, and by the time he was finished with them, Steve was already naked.
He pressed his thumb into the slit firmly, allowing himself a tweak of a nipple before he stuck his left pinkie in his mouth, biting harshly to muffle the obscene sounds he was making.
designed your wedding tux.  She still needs to coordinate with what Steve’s wearing, but she says under no circumstances are you wearing white.”
Good treatment, no beatings, let them save up for their freedom or free them in your will.  That kind of thing.  We don’t have any mines or brothels, which are the worst places to be.  People mainly work in the fields, or weave or make pottery.”
The covers moved, pulling up around Steve’s neck.  He shifted slightly, moving infeasibly closer to Tony, but stopping just short of touching.  A heated millimeter hovered between their blankets.
“Captain America! Welcome, welcome!  To the place of your demise!” Zemo calls as Tony lets Steve down at the site.  The crazy German has commandeered one of the decrepit factories in Queens for today’s spectacle.
Maria, pain still emanating from her, cautious, allowed her warmth back in.  Steve was sobbing, now in relief.  He didn’t like the cold.
Jarvis nursed him through the pneumonia he got after wading into pond after dark to recover his rocks.  He slurped chicken soup as he listened to the distant sounds of his mother screaming, his father shouting, his mother crying, his mother running.
“You know, you should come by Stark Tower sometime.  Top ten floors, all R and D. You'd love it, it's Candy Land.”
“Somethin’ eatin’ you Cap?” came a sly voice, starling Steve from his musings.  “Making Captain America sad must be against the constitution.”
“Thanks Tony.  Never thought I’d have nail polish named after me.  Either of me,” Bruce said, pulling the lacquers out for closer inspection.
“The stories from Odysseus seemed to say that Phaeacia was . . . grander, than it is.  Brazen walls and golden statues . . . . “
The man reached in, bending the wheel back like the steering column was made of cardboard. He wrapped his hands under Tony’s armpits and hauled him out of his seat like a child, swiftly but gently rolling him to the ground, patting the smoldering patches on his jumpsuit.
“How about this, Steve.  In a few days we organize an appearance on one of the morning news shows,” Pepper offered shrilly after Steve crushed the seventh remote in three days in his haste to turn the vicious words off.  Tony and Thor thought it was hilarious, Clint was jealous, but Pepper was fed up with making sure the damage was footed to Tony’s bill.  She claimed that, now that Tony was eighteen, he could handle such things himself, as her time as legal guardian was over.
He had never wanted them.  But now that he couldn’t have them, he regretted it immensely.  There would be no getting a son who spent his toddler years trying to find structural faults in the bulletproof windows by repeatedly hurling himself at them.  There would be no sitting with his daughter in his lap, her trying to wire a circuit board while he tried to distract her by demanding kisses.  There would be no using the arc reactor as a night light, there would be no buying Peter rare arachnids for his birthday, there would be no Maria to demand he sing “Maria” from
Bucky tromped over to the table and poked through the bottles, gingerly pushing a hot pink towards a nail tech.
A dark haired man with clever eyes took the stage and proceeded to fail to demonstrate a flying car.  The man was attractive, Steve could tell.  The twins had never said anything about Steve’s attraction to both sexes, but right now, both were radiating anger.
The media reports had implied that it was Jarvis’ reckless driving that had killed Howard and Maria.  But Tony barely spoke of them, and had named one of his favorite creations after the butler.  It was telling.
He didn’t discuss it with anyone.  Even in a city filled with people who loved him, and a palace filled with people sworn to serve him, there were very few people with whom he felt comfortable enough with to talk to, and even then baring his soul was not something that was very enticing.  His mother and Peggy, Pepper and Rhodey, they looked him with love and frustration, worry pinching their brows.
Other people had begun strolling over, calling out their congratulations.  Bucky railroaded through the crowd with about five unlit sparklers stuck in his bun, nursing a non-alcoholic beer.  He sighed and threw his fake arm around Steve’s shoulders with an exaggerated sniff.  “I can’t believe my baby’s getting’
“And I can’t do it either.  I can’t ground you when I’m not grounded myself.  Pepper – “ and he chokes a little bit. “Pepper – on the surface, and what we’ve ‘allowed’ to be our reason for incompatibility is that my superheroing breaks the threshold of the shit she can handle, and we both know that I will never be able to stop in the long term.  But that’s just the surface.  I – I put everything on her.  I told her that she was my world, the one thing I can’t live without, and I meant it.  But see, that wasn’t fair.  One person can’t be your everything.  One person can’t fix everything that’s gone wrong.  One person can’t complete you.  I need her in my life, and I want her to be a big part of it.  But she can’t be everything I need, and it’s unfair to try and make her into that.  She can’t be my reason.  We all need a reason, for why we do what we do, why we live, why we fight.  But a person can’t be a reason.  Because they’re a person too.  And they have to find their own reasons.
Upon the fadeout of the last notes, they stilled, yet remained plastered together.  Steve’s eyes were closed, and he didn’t want to open them for fear of the bitter sting of tears.  He just held Tony close, savoring the feeling of having him, warm and receptive in his arms.
“Yeah. Um, captivity in Vietnam.” Steve’s eyes grew soft in understanding. “I built the armor to escape, but I lost a friend in the process. Decided I needed Iron Man to continue work after all I saw, so . . . there he is.” He gestured at the painting with the hand holding the attaché case where the armor was tucked away.
"Haven't gotten laid since before Afghanistan.  I'm clean, if you're . . . okay with bare."  Tony almost sounded ashamed.
formality.  I am so sorry that you were a complete idiot and got shot in the leg after disobeying a direct order, but as it was on
The Asgardian wore a self-satisfied smirk as he gazed down at the sceptere.  Really, was that what it looked liked when he was pleased with himself?
“That’s not what people usually remember, but yes,” Tony agreed, pleased.  “Antinous, Prince of Athens.  What do you do?”  He gestured at the shrouded workspace.
. It wouldn’t likely be published anyhow. There was the worry that some government official could catch wind of it, but Tony would be able to say with absolute honesty that
He hadn’t bothered to charge the chest plate before rushing to the track. The electrical charge would be lost and he would die of heart failure in the middle of the road.
” Bucky asked incredulously, voice shacking as much as his fingers as he pulled out the tiny bottles.
Or maybe not. He had started swerving as he convulsed. The cheers of the crowd turned to screams. With a split second decision, Tony pulled the car sharply left, directly towards the guardrail.
“Don’t rush it.  The Fates hold even the gods in their thrall.  Nothing makes sense right now, but soon it will all come together.  But you have to be mentally ready.  Take your time.  You’ve got plenty.”
Steve takes a lot longer to recover than one might assume.  He lays, sprawled across Tony, breathing harshly, inhaling deeply, like he’s savoring the scent of their coupling, like he needs that proof of another body next to him.
But Tony had risen above the rest.  While the others had sat with him for half an hour, showing him YouTube videos of their favorites, Tony routinely tracked down the original albums, and would sit with Steve for hours, playing them and adding historical context, antecedents, commentary.  They watched documentaries on Woodstock and Candlestick Park.  They would sit for hours, playing the albums and taking, and talking and playing the albums.  Now, Steve was sure that was a large part in his falling in love with Tony, right up there with sitting in Tony’s workshop while Tony prattled on about his inventions.  The music lessons might have slightly more importance, because they taught Steve how wonderful it was to have all of Tony’s attention on him, no distractions or pretences.
All this talk of him being an Alastor.  And did Steve even know if Tony could even do it?  Everyone called him a hero.  It didn’t make him one.
“Tony,” Steve called lowly, bending down to gently jostle his uninjured shoulder.  “You should be sleeping in your bed.”
Tony didn’t change his life after finding out he would someday have kids.  Ria had assured him that they wouldn’t be born for about thirty years, so he just tuned out her disapproval and went about his business.  He slept around, partied, go shitfaced at every opportunity.  He didn’t go searching for a love that wasn’t going to make an appearance for a couple decades.
Rhodey hummed in agreement.  “True enough.  Though it will be better enough for all our sanities the sooner we shut this down.  Hey, QT has 79 cent drinks!  Wonder if the sale applies to slushes.”  He rolled his eyes at the silent looks of judgment.  “It’s
He sat up and looked around.  It looked like a simple hospital room, but . . . off, somehow.  Hospitals didn’t usually have gossamer curtains and personal radios.  The room was more the size of a studio apartment.  And the smell of anesthetic and urine was absent.
“Well, I’m the one being exploited.  They expect me to be ‘Captain America’ twenty four seven.  There’s this . . . pressure, to always live up to everyone’s expectations.  Not just of myself, but of the country as a whole.  And there are so many opinions on what a country should be.”
Tony zoned out at the vows (Thor insisted on doing them in Icelandic) and just leaned into Steve’s shoulder and let Steve hold him.
“I don’t wanna see this on your MySpace page.”  The solider just grinned and put an arm around Tony’s shoulders as he held up two fingers.  “No gang signs.  No, I’m kidding, throw it up.  Yeah, peace.  I love peace.  I’d be out of a job with peace.”
“Sorry,” Tony laughed hollowly, clutching the sides of the fountain.  “You know me too well.  How’d you know about this thing?”
“Mmm-hmm,” Tony said through a mouth full of Giuseppe’s cheese and tomato. “ ‘as ‘onna justh eat sumthin’ out ov’a can, or ah TV dinna or sumthin’.” He swallowed, and the cheese burned his throat. “Thank you.”
“Wait.” Carol slams her open palms of the table, sending her cup of creamer-with-a-dash-of-coffee spilling over the table into her lap.  Tony winces.  Carol ignores it.  “You.”  She points at Steve.  “Why aren’t you grilling him?”  She points at Tony.
When, after battles, Steve marches down to the workshop and strips Tony out of his undersuit, hurriedly prepping him and pushing in.  It’s rough, harsh, and he loves every second of it, because Steve stares into his eyes the entire time as he holds Tony against the wall.
Around the two walls with windows, deep couches, done in bluish leather and machine tacks were set against or into the wall.  There was a model of one of the historical riverboats in the area wedged in, though no one knew why or what its significance was, and antique circulating fans mounted to cedar beams near the ceiling, courtesy of the “Antique Fan Club”.  The floors were done in cork, which was supposedly to muffle the sounds of the incoming trains.  The deep armrests to the couches had aluminum cigar ashtrays inset into the inlaid wood.
, a slave, a servant, a guest, and never could he properly relax.  There were a few he was comfortable letting his guard down around, but that was also with people.
“Hey, we’re from Richland.  Just an unannounced inspection.  Nothing to worry about,” Tony breezed, pitching his lower and making sure his cap covered his eyes.
There was a moment of silence, before Rhodey started clapping and room dissolved into raucous applause.
That was true.  The loveliness of the island was impossible to ignore.  They took a winding road north, the one that led to Kassiopi.  They waved to the people in the fields, and paused to greet certain individuals who approached them.  Steve introduced Tony, and they discussed whatever business there was, then went on their way.  The sea pounded against the shore, and the wind swept their hair about.  It was good exercise, but Tony was glad Steve hadn’t made him run.  Eventually, Steve led him off the main road onto a smaller path that left the shore behind and went deeper into the foothills of the mountains.
That was the major source of Steve’s anger over Tony’s sabbatical. He’s admitted it now.  As much as he was happy that Tony had found some peace, he worried over it stealing Tony away.
They paused by a darkened gift shop.  Steve saw several Hallmark card racks, “Get Well Soon!” balloons, teddy bears, and a bunch of chachkies covered in rhinestones and bible verses.  He shivered.  He made a mental note to bring Tony a tablet and a laptop.  Or get someone else to bring him one.
But there was another part of him, the stronger part, that didn’t want to let Steve go. In the place of a couple hours he’d screwed himself into the tender tissue still beneath the metal of the chest plate. Steve was handsome and brave and loyal and respectful, kind and oddly inspiring. Something about him oozed righteousness and betterment, and Tony knew in his marrow that if Steve asked, he would follow him to the end of the world.
Steve is helping an EMT with a puffing middle-aged asthmatic’s oxygen mask, but keeps glancing over at Tony with a look that always means “we will have words later” but for the time being, he’s in the clear.
An hour later when Pepper arrived, Tony had calmed down sufficiently for him to assess his cognitive function, which he aced.  He would be fine, he just needed another day or two for observation.
He quelled his nervousness and just started pulling his dress pins out.  They were going to be training together, so he was going to have get used to being around Steve, with both of them naked and oiled up and in very close proximity, and he was going to have to do it without his dick getting in the way.
A gush of static as Steve breathes out.  Dragotsennyy can see him running a frustrated hand through his hair.
“Could’ve fooled me.”  But Steve’s words made him feel better.  He’d been tied up in knots the entire trip there, but somehow, he could tell he was being welcomed into their little group.  “She had me up at dawn to help her with the opium.”
“I was going to ask – if I could have my shield back.  But I don’t think – I don’t deserve it right now.  I need to earn it back.”
Ross had shown up weeks ago, blowing steam from both nostrils, demanding to know what had happened on the Raft.  Tony had simply given him access to the security nodes for the past several days, showing that the three of them had not left the compound once.  He had then demanded to know the whereabouts of Natasha and Peter, to which Tony responded “You try tracking a Russian spy” and “Blow it out your ass.”  Ross had stormed out, and Tony went back to helping Rhodey totter around.  The order to ground the Avengers until further notice was tacked onto the fridge with the butterfly magnets that Vision had accidentally ordered five hundred of.
Steve loved hiking.  He loved climbing the many mountains in the park and viewing everything from above.  But Steve also had no issues with playing dirty, usually using access and emergency roads not open to the public so they only had to hike maybe a mile to get to the prime viewing location.
“You’re such a cheeseball.” But Steve is smiling and is reaching out and taking Tony’s hand, looking a lot less alone then he has for as long as Tony has known him.
“That, and help us get to the bottom of whatever he’s searching for,” Carol tells him. “Even if we cut off his avenues, he’s still after . . . whatever’s there.  We don’t know what it is, but if we can get to it before him . . . .”  She looks over at him and freezes.  “You know what he’s looking for, don’t you?”
“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you.  I've seen the footage.  The only thing you really fight for is yourself.  You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
As he seemed to know where they were going, Tony let Steve take the lead, making long strokes through the crystalline water.  Steve’s form as flawless as he led Tony toward the series of caves he had pointed out.  They headed for one that looked larger than the others, aquamarine water illuminating them from below, dozens of tiny fish nipping at their heels.
“Former? How long were you in and when did you get out?” Tony slid into the booth and flagged down the waitress.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean, Pep. And there is no secret staircase that I’ve ever come across.”
There’s wood too, hard but alive, something sturdy yet sloping and beautiful.  Something that man has yet to recreate and probably shouldn’t.
Tony surrendered his bowl without complaint, burrowing down into his sheets, blinking sleepily.  “JARVIS, lights.  Wake me when it’s time for my next dose.”  The blackout windows activated, and the light gradually faded to a soft golden glow about the edges of the room.  “Thanks, Steve.”
“I don’t hate you.  I hate a lot of things you’ve done, but I can’t find it in myself to hate you.  Trust me, I’ve tried.  I wanted to hate you.  So much.  But I can’t.”
The only ones he wears indoors now are the cheap neon frames with the bits of black translucent plastic that Clint got at the dollar store.
Steve turns away from him, face scrunched like he’s biting back a scream of pain. “Don’t. Please. Don’t.”
He ended up with the parfait, fruit cup, a container filled with macaroni salad, tapioca pudding, a bag of those crackers-trying-to-be-chips, and a rubbery slice of pizza that Natasha forced on him.  They both got bottled water, and he hovered behind her holding her tray as she poured hot water over tea bags in styrofoam cups.  She then led the way over to a table by the floor-to-ceiling window, where the others were sitting.
Steve shrugged, eyes still on the sky.  “This mentoring thing?  Surely you haven’t forgotten?  Anyway, you wouldn’t be able to keep up with me.”  Steve looked back at him, appraising but unreadable.  “You know you don’t have put on any formalities here, don’t you?  This isn’t Athens.”
, are you nuts?  I’m supposed to know what he’s thinking by now and he’ll be disappointed if I don’t – “
They shared a laugh, but Tony’s eyes were invariably drawn back to the shield.  The reached out to stroke the slivery metal.  Steve handed it over.  “Where did you get this?  I’ve never seen this metal before.”
Tony stares balefully at the gently pulsing green field located in the heart of the Ural Mountain Range. “Any guesses for what the green is?”
Steve shifted, and it felt like the anger between them had dissipated for the time being.  “When you’re right.  Night, Tony.”
He followed the trail of security guards back down into the basement labyrinth, this time through the public access stairs. Happy was leaning against the wall, glowering, as Steve helped the guards secure Shapanka. Happy was the first to notice him.
“Maybe we can get one after we finish up,” Nat said in her best peacemaker voice, cool hand still stroking his hair.  “Right now, we need to focus on blending in.  And making sure smallpox doesn’t reemerge into the human population.”
the idea of forcing a girl to put away her dolls to come and run my household.  They marry girls off far too young.  I’ve gotten . . . offers.  From kings I thought I liked.  They’re
And Steve was far better at keeping secrets than Tony would have ever believed for a man who made it such a point to advocate for transparency.
on his toes by showcasing his ability to fire his bow with his feet, Natasha pulled her triggers, and Bucky held up a tight metal fist, the tips painted proudly.
They stare at each other, and it’s like one of those moments when Tony sees every bolt and transistor laid out perfectly in his mind. He and Steve have messed up before, of
when she’s mildly comfortable around you, and one of her biggest peeves about being in the spotlight isn’t the comments about her sleeping with everyone or her being out of her depth on a team filled with men (both are hilariously untrue), but the critiques of her wardrobe.  Every tiny improvement Tony makes to her uniform has the fashion watchers hemming and hawing, and downright outrage when she decides to lose the ridiculous cleavage in favor of a built-in sports bra.  Tony has Pepper hook her up with the best designers, so whenever a red carpet events roll around, Natasha can drown them in their tears.
He knew that Steve wasn’t going to let this rest. He was smart, far smarter than some might give him credit for. Happy didn’t suspect a thing, and Pepper was happy enough playing ignorant, but Steve would never let it lie and take Tony’s bullshit excuses. He would try and get to the bottom of this, and as long as Tony wanted to keep his secrets, he would have to keep himself from making any more mistakes. But in his gut, Tony knew: Steve would figure it out, someday, one way or another. It was only a matter of time.
She sighed, like a long-suffering mother, and Steve heard the distinct sound of her punching a guy in the kidneys.
“Sthenele of Ithika.”  He held out a hand, the one that wasn’t stroking the falcon.  “And this is Redwing.”
“Well, I’m not sure, seeing as you're a prince and have those things to do, but as far as Alastors go, we can guess.  I was the first Alastor Steve recruited to actually live here with him.  There are other Alastors, but they have their own lives.  You know Karnis of Thebes?”  Tony nodded.  “She’s one.  Also Harpalyke and Iphinoë of Argos?  Do you know them?”
“Is that a challenge?  Pepper, call the people back, tell them to come up with a like, I don’t know,
When the door pinged for his floor, Steve speed-limped to his bedroom.  He was in no mood to fool around, so the really ripped his shirt off in his haste to get it off, and kicked his sweatpants gracelessly to the edge of the bed.  He usually made sure to get stuff into the hamper (something years of living surrounded closely by others had ingrained in him), but as he yanked his boxer-briefs around his straining cock, he laughed deliriously at the notion that no one could walk in on him.
“What is it?” Steve asked as he carelessly ripped the tape off for Tony.  Tony spared just enough energy to shoot him a half-hearted glare before flipping the box open, and pulling out several plastic displays and sample cards.
Natasha hefted her box of implements on her hip.  “He owes the gods for everything.  He’s not one to forget to honor them.  As a plus, it keeps him, and us by extension, in their good graces.”
After a quick test, the acidic substance had come back at a pH of two, but it was very weakly concentrated.  The goblins couldn’t spit it very far, and it wasn’t immediately corrosive (though he didn’t fancy cleaning up, but the local law enforcement keeping the perimeter had mentioned some issues with the pipes breaking down, so hopefully their problem could be fixed), so the main goal was to keep the liquid out of his eyes.
It takes nothing to pin Zemo under a claw and to breathe the tranquilizing gas into his face. Zemo squirms, but then goes limp after a moment.
They were already nervous about the twin’s heath.  They hadn’t been specific, but from what it sounded like, there were some changes that happened during Tony’s DNA manipulation.  Nothing that would get them into Xavier’s, but smaller mutations defiantly outside the norm.  Nothing horrible, but they were still wary.
Then the Vita Ray chamber was tipping up, sealing him inside.  Suddenly there was calm, nothing but Maria’s murmur of
Or, as Tony shuts down and leaves the room, mumbling apologies for some reason, someplace that has the potential.
“Listen very closely.  We don’t have much time.  Since Steve saw you after the war – well, he has a hunch, one that not many people can verify.  Those who can include Steve and his people.  He believes – and I’m inclined to agree with him – that you’re different.  Like him.”
“That’s expensive, Cap,” Tony murmurs into Steve’s collarbone, already listing contacts in his head.
Steve approached the bed, wariness in his eyes.  “Are you . . . okay?  Nat told be you had . . . bit of a . . . break, on your part of the mission.  Do we need to talk?”
The carefully, if poorly, constructed illusion crumpled when he threw the men against the wall.  The sheetrock crumbled out, revealing . . . a soundstage?  Cleaner than the ones he had filmed war propaganda on.  Or was it a hangar?
“‘Friend’ is a subjective term, especially in the world of war and kings.  ‘Comrade’ might equate with friend, but it is not true.  There are those you work with because you have to.  That is what Howard is to me.  But these people,” he gestured around at his ragtag crew, “are my family.”
So he sits a good two feet away, cold no matter the temperature because he knows what proper warmth feels like, and keeps his hands and heart to himself.
Never mind that Tony wouldn't have paid any attention to the order even if they were still on decent terms.
She stared at him, her green eyes like x-rays.  Some people thought Nat’s strength lied in her thighs, which wasn’t so.  She could read people as easily as her crappy romance novels.  She’d know and worked with Tony for years.  She always knew when something was up.
Muffled swearing came from a small recessed alcove set into the foundations of the house.  It looked a bit like a permanent market stall, with simple wooden columns supporting a low tiled roof.  Tarps and awning and wreaths of dried poppies were wrapped around the columns, a bunch of storage baskets and jars were stacked around the sides, and there were stairs running into the ground, leading to a dark cubby.  The tarp acting as a door whipped open, issuing a lot of blue smoke and a small man.  He coughed, waving his hand in front of his face.  He looked slightly timid, with hunched shoulders and a burn-spotted exomis that obviously needed a wash.  “Ah, Natasha, you have the poppy pods.  Well, leave them here.  I'll get to them in the morning.  Clint, don’t touch that, it might blow up, not that that’s ever stopped you.  And you must be Tony.”
Tentatively, Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s snout. It’s a cleansing fire, burning away some of the hurt and crud that surrounds his heart.
“Let me guess: you want me on top of tracking him down, hack the satellites and take them off line, just take away his electronic pathways.”
So instead of saving it, Tony dug his nail through the salt deposit that had formed in the fold between his chin and neck, then scraped it off on the bracer on his wrist.
Once they reached Tony’s office suite, Steve just made a face. “Now, that’s something I don’t think I’ll enjoy.”
He looked away.  He just wanted to hold his children.  Was that too much to ask?  Was it so terrible that he preferred being called “Papa” and “Pops” over “Captain”?
Tony scrunched up his nose and went to glare at him, but Steve still hadn’t looked at him.  So he poked his thigh.  Steve sighed, and turned expectantly towards him.  “Why would killing me be counterproductive?”
of oil.  Inside he found several wood and bone combs, a small rectangular bronze mirror with a handle set with amethyst, and a couple
She whispered, barely enough for him to hear.  “May whatever god looks over you give you clear sight.”  She cleared her throat and held out a scroll.  “I need you to seal this.”
“Tony,” Steve sighed. “It’s . . . I can’t tell you. I’m under orders not to share. It’s top secret. I’d love to share, but I can’t. Otherwise, I’d tell you in a heartbeat.”
The shiny-haired Asgardian the files had identified as Thor strode in like he owned the place and no, that was Tony’s thing.  He tried to blast him with a repulsor, but Thor just threw his hammer.  When he go up, Both Loki and Thor were n the wind.
Steve basically ended up as a tour guide, moving through the exhibit, reading every little placard and making comments and corrections.  The major theme was Cincinnati’s involvement in the war, so most of the information was on industry and the home front.  The USO tour stop had been for only a couple of days, so Steve was doing that thing where he lit up as he learned more about something.
“You may be a technological genius, but I’m a tactical genius.”  He moved away to dig through Tony's bedside drawer, nudging aside the red vibrator in favor of a half-used bottle of lube.  "Condom?"
“I am Antinous,” Tony sighed, the epithet worn on his tongue, “Prince of Athens.  Son of Hoples, King of Athens, and Mardus of Zancle.  Of the House of Stheino, which comes from the bloodline of Theseus and Hermes, the giant-slayer.  I am the hero who vanquished the Serpent of Ten Rings, and return from my quest to slay –“ he held up the bag containing Vanko’s head and shook it slightly “- the Spartan Velkhanos who sought to bring about the ruin of my House.”
But the rest of the team was different.  Barton was always the one headed off to evacuate the children, but now it was understandable why.  Nat had a soft spot that children exploited with a vengeance.  Thor talked about “sewing his future seed” and was in no rush, but of any of them, Thor seemed the most likely candidate to become a dad.  Bruce wanted them, Tony was fairly certain, but didn’t want to put them at risk.  He’d had Tony refuse a meeting petitioned by one Dr. Ross on his behalf.  Tony had looked her up.  He supposed he understood Bruce’s worry.
charcoal and graphite pristinely framed, hung on the walls of the study that reeked of cigar and cognac.  He would sit on the floor when Jarvis would clean them, and was occasionally allowed to rub the damp cloth smelling faintly of vinegar over the glass, before passing it back to Jarvis, who would correct his smudges, then hang the frame back on the wall, over the rectangle of unstained wood paneling.
Steve blinks, the he can’t comprehend that happening.  “Not us.  None of us would ever fall into that.  We’re good people.  I could never believe that any of us would even think that.”
Tony rubbed a thumb along the side of Steve’s hand.  “We’re in no hurry.  Just breathe.”  A thought occurred seeing Steve’s dilated nostrils.  “Any one smuggle any food in here?  Come on, no one pays any attention to those rules.”
“Speak for yourself, Abs-donis,” Tony muttered, poking the abs in question and wringing a chuckle of Steve.
Steve sat there, staring at the curls of steam issuing from the still piping-hot soup.  “Who said I was immune?”
“May the gods look with favor on Prince Antinous, and may he find success in all his endeavors,” Howard spat, malice tangible in his every word.
It wasn’t a shock to his system, really, he thought as he watched Clint jump up and try and give Thor the Heimlich Maneuver.  He loved Tony.  The thought and feeling was light as air, easy as breathing without asthma, natural.
Yeah, that's not a proper symposium.  I'll get to that later.  As I keep saying "Tony-boy, you ain't in Athens anymore."
there was more to you two than just friends.  How – “  But Peggy gave him a look that said any questions of that sort would leave him unconscious.   “But why couldn’t he have married you and just let you and Angie do your thing?”
Tony forced himself to stay calm. Everyone Jack Frost – apparently Shapanka – had frozen had been revived after the ice was melted. He wasn’t going to lose Steve. Or Happy or Pepper, he reminded himself somewhat ashamedly.
He was already half hard when he skimmed down his abs and took himself in hand.  He kept it harsh, quick.  Purely physical.  Pull pull twist.  Maybe a caress or two.  It served no purpose thinking of anyone.  Stress relief, nothing more.
From the quite nature of it, the upper floor was reserved for Steve’s digression.  After peaking around, Tony found several rooms similar to his own, but more lived-in.  From weapons hanging innocently on the wall, they were soldiers or fighters of a sort.  Not normal hoplites as far as Tony could tell.  They seemed . . . specialized.  He was fairly certain one room belonged to a woman.  So much for separating the men and the women, not that Tony would protest.  He spent far too much time in the women’s quarters to complain too loudly.
There is metallic there as well.  Gold and copper and bronze and brass.  Most metals are sliver.  There is no silver.  Only infinite degrees of warm.
“Never,” Clint declared, stanching up a platter of roast pork and heading over to lounge across one of the couches.
“Now!” Tony shouts, and Dikost lets his wings spread and catch.  They smoothly glide up, breaking through the top of the cloud, and emerge in the midst of the shell.  The sun is pink and gold, too bright to look at, the air is too thin, and he is blinking icicles off his eyelashes, and Tony has never felt more alive.
Enarephoros looked slightly taken aback, but he shrugged and turned to Tony.  “How familiar are you with waterworks?”
Tony decided another peek would suffice, and nearly choked on his tongue.  He kept his eyes open.  Steve sure as hell wouldn’t notice.
“Man, dollar slices are better than this shit,” Clint complained.  He let out a little grunt-squeak that meant Natasha had kicked him under the table, even though she looked wholly invested in unwrapping her sandwich.
When the crowd had sufficiently died down (mainly due to Tony shouting “We’ll be here all day, folks!  Might get a little more face time if you corner us later.”), they entered the rotunda through the wide glass doors, and were
“Fuck, they got me here, and Barry and Tom back at the station.  Terry’s on call.  They don’t trust us to keep a lousy live signal?”  The man snorted, eyes drifting back to his monitors.  “Be my guest.  You’re not shutting anything off, are ya?  My supervisor will have my balls if we lose signal in the middle of a live game.”
Steve’s voice is deathly quiet. “I’m just concerned.  I – Tony, you’re you.  Don’t lose track of who
The dough and cheese seemed to curdle in his stomach, but Tony forced himself to stay calm. “Steve, would it make you happy to continue your old job?”
“Speak for yourself,” Tony muttered vacantly, still staring into the courtyard.  “You dress your slaves in black?”
After that, they proceeded in a companionable silence which allowed Tony to scramble to come to grips with his situation.
Tony couldn’t breathe.  His heart had crawled into his mouth, and he had to restrain himself from throwing it at Steve’s feet.  “Gotten to the Partridge Family, I see.”
Steve relayed their information, even if he didn’t understand what it all meant.  Erskine, though, seemed happy with that information.
He knew that it did no use to dwell on prophesies, and he wasn’t sure if this could even be considered a proper prophesy, but as it was in his nature, Tony’s mind stated to wander.
Tony was still in the suit, but that didn’t stop Steve from wrapping his arms tightly around Tony’s shoulders, fingerers moving and digging into the tender skin of Tony’s slender throat, tangling in the soft curl at the nape of his neck, unconsciously trying to peel the armor away, to find the slender, muscled form beneath.
“Aw, sorry Cap.  As much fun as this has been, the idiots who are set on destroying the world can’t wait until Clint decides to watch Keeping Up With the Kardashians.  See you in the field!” Tony shouted over his shoulder, running to his lab to pick up a suit, leaving Steve with a half-finished sketch and a strangely empty heart.
His tone is despondent, and he doesn’t care.  Because he wants Steve to realize how difficult assembling Avengers is.  The initial team proposal had been pretty much just Rhodey and Bruce, though Steve’s arrival on the scene had made the possibility viable.  Tony had just been easier to get a hold of, Thor had shown up and Fury took advantage of the situation, and Clint and Natasha had gone along for the ride.  Then there was the shake-up following Ultron, but Rhodey, Sam, Wanda, and Vision had all been wrapped up in superhuman affairs in one way or another.  But now?  Tony has himself and Vision full-time, Peter on the weekends, and Rhodey when he gets to the point where he can operate a suit again.  But the four of them are not a team, far from it.
Tony very much doubted that.  The way she’d said “us” like she still considered herself one . . . .  He felt a well of shame.  Slavery was so taken for granted in his world, no one really challenged it.  It was too deeply entrenched.  Peggy, who had been present on the front lines in the war had managed to buy her freedom, but hers was a rare case.  While there were some slaves that he liked well enough, and he’d always promised to free Pepper and his other siblings upon Howard’s death, Tony was still complicit.  He remembered how he’d treated Thratta . . . well, perhaps she was horrible, but did she deserve the life he had sentenced her to in the cloth mills?  And all the dancing girls and kithara boys over the past few years . . . what had they done?  The girls his father and others raped like it was nothing?  The ones breathing poison down in the silver mines?
Redwing let out a particularly shrill screech and flapped his wings indignantly.  “Nah,” Sam confided, “I’ll send someone else.  Don’t get your feathers in a twist.”
Immediately the medical team backed off, allowing Steve and the others to slip through.  Tony sobbing, threw his arms around Steve’s neck.  Steve eased the oxygen mask off of his face, and Bruce efficiently removed the IV and other monitors.  The blaring of the medical equipment stopped, leaving the room silent except for Tony’s shuddering breaths on Steve’s neck.  Steve held on, stroking his hair.
“Tony, you didn’t have too –“  but it’s too late, and the premium-grade art supplies are unfolding from their automated trays.  Tony waits with baited breath as Steve runs his fingers over the tubes.  “Tony.  Thank you.”
Steve had been disappointed, but ever since the breakout of the war, he had understood.  If he was finally able to join the Army like they said he would, it would be a least a few years in Europe.  Then maybe when the Nazis were beaten, he could return home looking for his future wife.
Steve was already wearing sweats and a tee shirt when he strolled in at eleven, scrubbing his damp hair from the showers.
The complete opposite was true in Steve’s case.  While he didn’t know as many people, by virtue of his personality and station in life, many more could be considered friends.  While Steve and Bucky had been friends since they were runty children, and Clint, Natasha, and Sam had been living in close proximity to him for most of his adult life, Steve still had a bunch of people he considered good friends.  Thor and Jane; not Fury, but a bunch of the other guys on Crew 91, like Dum Dum, Morita, Gabe; Peggy, who worked for the National Forest Service and oversaw wildfire operations all over the country; Arnie, who still lived in Brooklyn.  All people who Steve was willing to be open and friendly with, whereas Tony was still emotionally stunted with those closest to him.
“Iron Man is incredible,” Steve murmured, eyes still on the painting, and Tony’s heart stuttered a bit at Steve’s words. “He’s doing such . . . good in the world. I do hope he continues what he’s doing.” Steve turned and beamed at Tony. “You designed the armor, right?”
“Of course they are.  I was directly involved.  Which brings me to my next question:  how does it feel to be a genius?”  He griped her shoulders.
Tony had helped make that shield.  The smith who only Tony could see had hammered the smooth, shallow dome of silver metal.  Tony had been allowed to hold the tongs while he’d gazed in wonder at the metal he couldn’t identify in the slightest.  He’d begged and pleaded to know which metal he was using or who he was making it for, but the smith had only smiled cryptically.
why I need to work on assembling a new team.  They won’t let us back in the air until they approve – “
It was wet, rainy, and smelled more like home here.  Different but recognizable.  Manhattan?  A taxi nearly ran him over.  The cars were different from any he’d ever seen, sleeker and more aerodynamic.
Steve shakes his head in mock exasperation. “Why am I not surprised?  That gives us some time, then?”
“And it’s coming.  No, Howard doesn’t know, but it’s coming,” Steve nodded at Tony’s look of incredulity.  “The war wasn’t ended on the best terms.  Salting the ground and making sacrifices to the gods only made our enemies bitter.  Bitterness bends minds and will make man do anything for revenge.  And we can’t fight these things the same way.  That’s where we come in.”
But he hadn’t come in a week, so when Tony brought the hand holding the collection cup up to rub a thumb along the slit at the same time as he gently slid his pinkie finger into the tight ring of muscle, combined with the delicious pressure on this balls, he went off, spiraling into a galaxy that was alight with electronic blues and whiskey-tinted eyes, burnt metal and motor oil, and set alight the churning coals that burned hotly for Tony every second.
“Are you seriously apologizing?” Tony asked him.  Steve just smile and lowered his eyelashes.  “I love it.  Love you, too.  ‘Corse I’ll marry you.”
Pain like an iron brand seared through his mind.  Some part of him wanted to laugh manically: he was a constant in Steve’s life.  A larger part wanted to throw himself out the window.  “Earth and me, huh?  That’s not a very consistent life.”
Tony avoids suggesting what they could do to warm up. Force of habit, terror of the unknown, he can’t remember anymore. Just that Steve is here, but not as completely as Tony might want him.
Steve thought back on all the discussions Tony and Peter had with Maria chiming in here and there.  Peter and Maria would be the first successful children to be conceived using the DNA of two male parents.  Peter was better versed in biology while Maria would take after Tony’s engineering genius, so Peter’s instruction had been painstakingly transferred to JARVIS as Tony and Bruce had set about making the twins possible.
, the way Steve shattered the rest of the ice with nothing more than the power of his own body. His nostrils were dilated, and his eyes were filled with a crazed light, like that of a cornered animal. He spiraled through the air and landed on his feet, sticking the landing then immediately falling into a protective battle stance. His voice sounded terrified and lost, but rang with authority:
One day, about a year before the end of the war, he was working on your shield.  I helped him with the rivets and helped hold it as he shaped it.  And you just said . . . .”  He reached out and gripped Steve’s arm.  “I’m not crazy.  I promise I’m not.”
Metal has always been his savior. It’s seen as cold and hard, unyielding, but it’s strong. It’s a constant. Friends come and go, die on you sometimes, but metal will always be there.
Loki stood quiet.  Tony was surprised at how different he looked from his parents and sibling.  Loki was thin and dark whereas Thor was golden and broad.
The tension seemed to ease a bit after that.  Steve set the tray down next to Tony and held his own bowl and quickly demolished his meal.  Tony immediately went about slowly picking out the noodles, chicken, and vegetables and laying them on a napkin, the liquid pooling in gullies in the paper.  Steve considered complaining, until Tony meekly asked for a straw, and Steve realized Tony probably wasn’t having a very good track record with solid food right now.
“Tony, you done with wiping it down – Tony!”  Rhodey rushed over.  “Breathe, just breathe, buddy.  Nat, ‘s there anything to drink?”
“Don’t worry, Tony.  If a song hurts, it means something.”  He paused for a moment.  “And she always remembers; it’s just kind of touch-and-go.”
today?  His head was spinning with the speed of the developments as he haphazardly threw a few things into a trunk.  He had been blessed by Hera.  And now he was going immediately to join an old friend of his father’s, on an island farther than Tony had ever been from his home.
Pepper was seated on one of the couches, lap top on her knees, a dirty, battered white cardboard box that had obviously come in the mail next to her.
He tries to cover his mouth and nose, but blast of the gas that the creature breathes hits him, and he crumples to the snow.
.  The entire jet shifted, like something had landed on the roof.  Well.  Time to get the helmet on, then.  He jabbed the button to drop the door hatch.
But while the feeling of emptiness from isolation is gone, another emptiness fills him, one that can only be filled with snide remarks, sleepless nights, coffee, and dazzling cognac eyes.
After he found his clothing, he dressed in a linen peplos, feeling anything else would look like he was trying to show off, though he didn’t deny himself a golden fibula or his amulet.  Deciding having all the trunks out wouldn’t be the best for his shins, he dragged the armor-filled trunks into a corner and set up the one with clothing by the bedstead.
, you do kill me! There’s a better kiss in it for you when you win!” She waved flirtily, the scampered away, dragging the eyes of the pit crew to her pert derrière.
He seemed to come out of a trance.  The nymphs had moved around, re-positioned themselves, and were chatting quietly with Steve, giving him reports on how the nature part of the island was going, and Steve was reporting back on the more human issues.  They sounded like they’d been talking for a while, letting Tony stew in his reverie.
He was terrified, and he could see in Tony’s eyes that he was too, but holding his husband’s hand as they cradled the forming embryos of their children, he felt the most shining hope for the future he had ever had.  It was uncertain, and bound to be dangerous, but Steve had fought all his life.  He had fought so hard to be here right now.  All of his fighting was paying off.  He was going to have his family.
There were worse deaths, he supposed. The acrid tarry smoke making everything blurry, dulling the omnipresent pain of existence. The fire was spreading, quickly, and all there was to do was wait for the fire to spread to the fuel tank.
“We do most of our work outside, so you might as well get used to it.  Not that I’m expecting you to become a regular laborer, but with the harvest coming up, all hands are needed.  We’ll start harvesting the wine grapes near the end of the month.  Olive harvest starts in
to me.  You’re the paradigm of American virtue, it doesn’t suit you, you shit.  And stop pretending you still get confused by the twenty-first century.”
He groaned internally.  If only he had taken up the offer of a horse, he would have been back in Athens by now.
“Who’re you talking to?  Wait,” Bucky sat himself at the kitchen table, kicked his feet up and leaned the chair back on two legs.  “Your kids?  I always knew you’d have them.  How many?  Did you name your firstborn after me?”
Clint made a victory noise as he dug a pear out of a covered basket.  “Answer’s in the name, man.  We avenge.”
She grinned victoriously at Steve, who pressed his face into a pillow and groaned.  “Please, tell us more.”
“Well, thank you,” he says awkwardly.  Painfully.  But leaving in painful and staying is painful.  He can’t breathe.  “It was good to – “ he waves his hand as he fumbles for a word.
The World Security Council had consented to releasing the Tesseract into Asgardian custody (obviously still smarting after the whole “Nuke Manhattan” thing), as well as Loki, as Asgard was believed to be better equipped to control both.  Tony could tell Fury wasn’t pleased with losing his toy, but he didn’t do anything outside of his usual glowering as they loaded the Tesseract into Thor’s handy-dandy transport tube.  Thor nodded in acknowledgement of them all then twisted his end, and he and his brother disappearing in shafts of blue light.
Weight on his heart?  There are so many things that it could mean.  And they are all too painful to recall.
But Steve?  He must have been very young when the war broke out.  Much too young to have a boyfriend.  There were whispers about a friend of his, Rhamnos.  Steve and Bucky were said to have grown up as street urchins together, and were poor enough that no one cared if they came back alive from the war or not.  But Bucky had disappeared, or died.  He hadn’t returned to Athens, and he hadn’t been buried.  Peggy wouldn’t talk about it much.
“Papers you need to look over and sign are on your desk,” Pepper interjected seamlessly. “No, he’s military, he’s not a picky one –“
He begins to surround himself with stone again.  Nothing too drastic, but granite countertops and marble floors in the bathrooms.  Black basalt for stairs, river stones in place of landscaping.
Tony very carefully approached him, and plonked down in the seat next to Steve.  He put an arm around his shoulders, and Steve buried his face in Tony’s shoulder without resistance.
“Yes, well, death and flowers are her domain.  But I am glad to see that you’re getting along well with my household.  If you help get our fountain situation sorted, no one will care about any personality defects you have.”  Steve winked, then sobered.  “Is there anything that might make your stay with us better?  We don’t have the means for the luxury of the Athenian court, but I don’t want you miserable and complaining.”
“Because – because we’re in love!  Because I don’t want to be with anyone but you.  I want to annoy you for the rest of my life.”
Rhodey finishes his hundredth rep and relaxes into his mat.  He gulps down mouthfuls of water as Tony fetches a cool towel and ice packs.  Rhodey dabs at the perspiration beaded on his forehead while Tony straps the bags filled with blue gel in place.
“Really?” Steve’s curious now.  “Huh.  I thought hoards were more like gold and jewels and princess and stuff.”
Bucky had the glitter polish out, and was about to start taking his current polish off with the remover, when he stopped and stared
“So he may lie with you on it?” Maria asked calmly, deadly iron in her soft voice.  “Wait, once he knocks you whores up he drops you like hot oil.”
“He doesn’t care,” Bruce told him, neatly folding bread into a platter of beans the seemed to have claimed for his own.  “Anyway, there likely won’t be much food left when he gets here, the way he eats.”
He listened as Steve gently clicked through the “news” sites for a moment before he closed the door with a snap, and went to cry his eyes into Steve’s pillow.
Tony loved Steve more than anything.  It had terrified him to become so attached, but now it terrified him to let go.
He told Happy to pick up his sports car at the track and to take special care of the attaché case, then took a rapid shower and pulled on the black turtleneck and sport coat Happy had packed him. It was nice to get the dirt and smoke of the track off his skin, and the hot water relaxed something he didn’t know had been clenched in his body. And if he slapped a bit of aftershave on, well, who was going to question why?
Snow crunches under his boots, and he jumps slightly in place to warm himself.  He isn't wearing as many layers as he usually would when going out, but he didn't want to say his goodbyes in the armor.
“Well, I don’t need the target practice.  But I’d rather shoot you than get stabbed by her.”  The owner of the voice came around from where he had been behind the shed, bow drawn back.  The man was blond, but darker than Steve, and his rather sparse beard was pain brown.  He was dressed like a hunter in a deerskin tunic, and he had a pair of large silver earrings that cuffed his earlobes.  “Oh.”  The archer loosened the tension of his bow and lowered it.  “Well, I’m guessing you’re Tony.  But it’s not likely you know of me.  Kyllenios of Aetolia, but you can call me Clint.”
need to be pressed against Steve in the night.  There was too much temptation already in his daily life, and Tony was certain Steve would snap his neck if he got too close.
, Tony.  The people were happy, yes.  But they were dumb.  Kept in ignorance.  There was no pursuit of knowledge because they had no need for it.  Kronos knew nothing of justice.  The people were happy but kept in subjugation.  The men of the Silver Age were rightfully destroyed.  Perhaps the Gods look more fondly on us of the Bronze Age.  We have wars, we have pain, but we are free in the ways the inhabitants of the Golden Age could not comprehend.  I wouldn’t trade my free thought for their bounty.  Would you?”
“That was Fury.  Looks like we’re gonna have to break this up,” he announced apologetically.  Everyone except Steve groaned.
There are no windows in the place, so Tony surmises that they must be in caves carved deep in the mountains. The floors, walls, and ceilings are made of similar smooth stone underneath their decorations, and while it is cold, they are insulated from the worst of the Russian winter.  Gazing at Zoloto’s thick scales, Tony realizes they must not be bothered much by the weather.
They were better as friends.  Tony had Steve, and Pepper didn’t have to put up with him 24/7.  He was happy, and she could be happy because she didn’t have to worry over him.
, longer, thicker, stronger.  Everyone was smaller.  There were colors he had never seen, and it was no struggle to pull a breath.
“It’s a vintage set.  Took me a couple of years to collect them all.  Near mint.  Slight boxing around the edges, but-“
“There was some talk . . . you as Iron Man’s financier, that maybe . . . ugh, this is difficult.” Steve slumped back in his chair and rubbed his temples.
"Watch it.  Soon you're gonna have Bucky and Natasha trying to induct you into their strange rituals."  Her eyes are shining a tad. “But really, that’s wonderful, Tony.  I know this has been difficult for you, but I am so happy for you.”  Her voice is lower than usual as she reaches out and squeezes his elbow affectionately.  She straightens, and nods to something over Tony’s shoulder, just as he hears a very familiar “
“When I went under, the world was at war.  I woke up and they say we won.  They didn’t say what we lost.”
Tony obligingly exited the ice cream parlor and found the pink granite structure set into the wall to the right of the exit.  There was a placard posted above the dry-looking fountain, and Tony leaned in to read it when Steve’s voice echoed from the basin.
Mike’s laughter and the pit crew’s cheers followed him as he peeled out into line with the other racers.
Natasha cocked her head.  “He doesn’t like it.  He spends a lot on buying and freeing people where he can.  His attitudes are rather . . .
, and handed one to each of them.  Tony took his immediately, but Steve paused, assessing the woman skeptically.
“That’s my cue to duck out,” Fury announced, smacking his lips as he slurped the last of his wine.  “I’m leaving tomorrow, so I should leave you to yourselves and get some rest.”
, but with someone who was more . . . genuine. But unfortunately, in the circles he ran in, the brilliant women he met had ulterior motives or weren’t interested, and the men didn’t usually go for other men. But that really didn’t matter anymore.
“It’s a musical thing.  People with doctorates don’t always understand . . . doesn’t matter.  If you don’t get in your car and get your butt to Camp Nelson, I’m going to use my new tranquilizer on your butt and bring you there myself.”
So, Steve was using Tony to make sure he wasn’t the only one alive.  That would need to suffice.  Almost friend, teammate, and fellow alive-person.  He would make do.
“Trust me, if I didn’t put my foot down, the palace would be an aviary.  Done?”  Tony nodded, and they both stood.  “Now, we’re headed over there.”  He pointed at a crescent beach to the west.  Rocks and cliffs framed it.  “Nausikaa’s beach.  It’s where Odysseus washed ashore.  But, more importantly, it’s where the ladies will give you the third degree.”
The chamber opened with a hiss.  Hands were grabbing for him, helping him out, voices raised in excitement.
“You know,” Tony found himself saying after a while, “if you like the jargon so much, I can set up a live feed to the design labs downstairs.  If you want.”
They had momentarily discussed the possibility of a surrogate, until the twins informed them that one wouldn’t be necessary.  Both of them had been slightly opposed to the idea of someone else carrying the twins even if it was physically impossible for men, so they both had been thrilled with Peter and Maria’s instructions on how to construct an artificial uterus, the “arto-utero”.  It was basically a sack, constructed in the inverted bell-shape of the uterus out of flexible carbon fiber, lined with blood samples extracted from both men.  There was an artificial feeding tube that would supply the twins with oxygen and liquid nutrients through their umbilical cords.
Tony is paging through the images that he has examined a thousand times, and wonders just how deplorable humans can be.
.  You were figuring out how to handle the world moving on without you.  Then Bucky showed back up on the scene, and you knew he was just as stalled in the past, more so, and you – you
One of the nurses had some dental floss in her purse, so now Clint and Thor were trying to figure out how large to cut the slices with half the nursing staff milling about.
Tony sighed, sifting restlessly.  “Whacha’ drawing?  Please tell me Captain America draws naked ladies.  Or gentlemen.”  He waggled his eyebrows.
“We don’t have to let this affect anything?”  Because he can’t lose Steve, he’s lost so much and he can’t lose this as well.
to be doing. I just save people, I guess.” Steve’s eyes got very far away. “It’s all I have left,” he said quietly.
It was more than a little confusing; Tony was used to hosting kings to give him the best in terms of garments, wine, entertainment, prostitutes.  Their perfumed guest rooms were filled with the finest silks, dyed Tyrrhenian purple and trimmed in gold and silver, and pretty slaves would bathe him before escorting him to bed.  Here in Korkyra, it was bare bones compared to what Tony was used to, but it was clear Steve was giving him the best he had.  The bed was sturdily made from olive wood with a good mattress and dressed with linen and a fine woolen
“Ah, Sleeping Beauty arises!” Clint cawed from his perch on the counter.  Natasha glared at him from the table, where she had her chair up on two legs, her own legs balanced on the ledge.  They were both wearing stealth uniforms, as they were headed out on some top secret mission.
A particularly large clang issued from the transponder outside of the office, followed by a series of swears.  “You don’t see Rhodey fussing over me, do you?”
“We would get something better, but you refuse to leave him, we refuse to leave the both of you, and I would prefer to keep the arguments with the staff about smuggling food to when he wakes up,” she explained, trying to decide between a prepackaged chicken-veggie wrap or a prepackaged turkey-cranberry on walnut bread.  She selected the sandwich, then plucked a cup filled with chunks of melon and tried to force it him his hands.
It nearly felt like his leg was going to vibrate off.  Above the conference table, he was his usual post-battle self: stoic, silent, everything people expected of him. (So what if rarely paid close attention.
Ma would tell him sometimes, about when her family had saved up enough for her ticket on the boat, her sister Treasa had left two years before, and she was supposed to go with his aunt, but their father had died, and it took a while to save up again.  Aunt Theresa (as she became when she landed at Ellis) had offered to wait, but his mother had told her to go ahead without her.
She nodded once, relief palpable as she slid out from the people pile, only stopping to pluck a gauzy dress indiscriminately from the clothing strewn about the room, before sliding out the door silently as a shade or spirit.
lower down his hips, revealing the line of juncture of his hip and more of that mouth-watering dark, soft hair covering his lower abs.  The arc reactor took pride of place, painting Tony glowing blue in the long evening shadows crossing the room.
He was indignant at the treatment of women in the workforce (“Never met a dame who couldn’t manage three times what a man could.”), reverent and respectful at the mention of lost soldiers or whenever he saw the little flag with a blue star hanging in a mock window (“Yeah, you never wanted to see the Western Union guy.  No matter who he was delivering to, it was never good news.”), enthusiastic about explain scrapping and minimizing use (“I was poor anyway, so it wasn’t a bad thing.”), and self-deprecating at the list qualification for enlistment (“It says healthy male.  Where is my unhealthy male column?”)
“He’s still in high school, and is intent on keeping his identity a secret.  He’s on call, if and when we aren’t grounded, but I’m not going to make him drop his life to take up residence in the compound.  Been debating on whether or not to move back to the Tower.  We’d be closer then, at least.”
The beast snorts softly in its sleep. Maybe that’s how dragons snore?  He doesn’t know.  Doesn’t intend to stick around to find out.  He’s been in enough strange situations to know when it’s best to flee.
“Oh, you know, pretty unexciting.   Get fish unstuck from the reeds, kill people who dare cross me or drink from me without permission.  Nothing nearly as interesting as what a hero-prince does.”
Beneath the redwood of Tony’s eyes was gold, shiny and incorruptible and delicate and precious.  “You’re ridiculous.”
“Will you have kids?  Do they speak to you?”  She looked shocked for the first time since Tony had met here.  “You don’t have to answer, it’s just, no one ever wants to talk about them.  I don’t understand how people can be so . . .
The interior was different from the exterior, so maybe three people knew that Tony’s blasé exterior was hiding a needy and overly affectionate interior.  Parts of it still bled out and slipped out through the cracks of his emotional armor, but throwing money at people he liked could be excused as eccentricism, and everything else as manic-depressive tendencies.   He was both, so it wasn’t too much of a lie.
you he was bad news. Steve and Happy were already down there, and were able to stall him until Iron Man showed up!” She narrowed her eyes. “I didn’t have a meeting with Iron Man scheduled in your books.”
Tony frowned.  “It’s not my specialty, but I helped with the planning and execution of a few projects in Athens.  Last winter, we cut stone and ran pipe from one of our acropolis’s springs so there could be a dedicated fountain in the kitchen yard.”
“Good.  You’re back.”  Clint was sitting on the ledge of the landing platform, feet dangling over the faintly buzzing city.  There was a nearly empty bowl of popcorn next to him and a sling shot in his hand.  Every time he came across an unpopped kernel, he loaded it and launched it into the night.
Talking shop. This they can do.  “Are you going to get pissed if I tell you I can track him because of that stuff I breathed on him?”
They were quiet for awhile, Steve gazing unseeingly at the loudly humming refrigerated colas.  The clock ticked, and people rushed efficiently past them.
Natasha just rolled her eyes, and wound a work belt around her waist, strung with pouches and more vials and several work knives.  She drew the needle-like blade he remembered from yesterday.  “I’m making opium, remember?  And you’re getting hazed.”
“You’ve already watched it?”  Tony knew all about Steve’s almost childish enthusiasm over the Apollo program.  The idea that man had left Earth was an astounding concept for Steve (even though the man lived with an alien prince from another galaxy), and was convinced Apollo 11 was one of the greatest events in American history.
The sharp ping of bullets on metal filled the air as he hunched over in the back seat with the kid holding him down.  Shouts and firefights were going on outside
Certainly the smallest river god that Tony had ever seen, but it still was twice his size and had muscles Tony was sure he didn’t have.  Its skin was dark blue with bloodshot eyes and dreadlocks.  It opened its mouth, and Tony saw pointy teeth in bloody gums.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “I weep awaiting your return.  You are the most interesting man in the world, and my life is empty without you.”
The approaching shoreline emerged slowly from the horizon, dusty rock topped with scrubby hills beyond the hot sand.  The ship’s captain skirted the edge of the island, keeping to the deeper waters to avoid running aground on the sharp stones.
“Yeah, C rations were mystery canned meat and hard biscuits.  I’d trade for one of those right now,” Steve supplied, trying to pull the attention away from talk of Betty.
“Yeah,” relief at being able to talk about them for once flooded his system.  “Ria called you ‘Uncle Bruce’, so I must assume this is the start to a beautiful friendship.”
He wondered how much his mother’s heart would break, waving her only son off to war.  Knowing there was a good chance that he would never come back.
“And this is where we part,” Thor interrupted with a smile.  “If I do not get to spend any time with you later, I wish you the best.  And thank you, for being here.”
Steve slowed further, to a jog that allowed Tony to fall in step beside him.  “Not to difficult, eh?”
“She’s gonna kill me!  Steve, you’re my boyfriend, you can’t let her!” Tony was now trying to pull the back of Steve’s shirt over himself.
The snick of the cap withdrew Tony from is revelry for a moment.  Steve poured a moderate amount of the lube into Tony’s belly button, running a slick hand over Tony’s aching cock.  Then Steve moved a pair of slick fingers behind himself and hissed.
"Sure, Steve," Tony grinned, standing, sopping hair curling slightly at the tips, and Steve just had to lean down and kiss him.  Tony moaned approvingly, curling a hand at the nape of Steve's neck and standing on tiptoe.  He yelped when Steve bodily lifted him, but quickly sunk into being carried, melting against Steve's torso as he shut the water off with one hand.
He kept fisting his erection as he moved to lean and pull his own bottle of lube from his bedside table.  He opened it one-handed, and poured a moderate amount into his navel.  He allowed his fingers to trace up and dip into the slick, relieved at the slow loss of raw friction.
Steve just nodded and turned to lead him out of the room.  “I think you’ll find they’re much closer than you could possibly think.”
They once again lull into silence. It’s weighted, but not as tense as before. Steve is visibly fighting with himself over saying something, but Tony can’t for the life of him pin it.
A picture of Steve embracing a leanly muscled man, with long dark hair and a devil-may-care attitude.  Embracing close, as people who loved each other very much would.  Standing in front of one of the best restaurants in LA, where celebrity couples often went for “low-key” dates.
“Get back!” Tony called to the unfrozen guards and police who were slowly approaching the door. Flames were already licking at the curtains inside the office.
Whenever Steve comes down to the workshop now, he’s already hard and grabby, and Tony drops everything, because he can’t not give Steve things when he wants them.
The suit folded around him, and it was like coming home.  He gained control again ten feet from the ground.  He blasted straight back up.
The dragon cocks its head, and Tony now feels the cluster of thoughts that enters unformed but which his brain converts to English.
With a sigh, he slumps back in the deck chair and lets his head loll to the side. He closes his eyes, and wills something to happen. A tornado to form, someone to attack New York, his phone to buzz with a report saying that Reed Richards had finally reached maximum elasticity and will be forced to spend the rest of his life with a distended asshole. Anything.
, in the flimsy blue hospital gown patterned with bland diamonds.  He had a tube in his normally yammering lips, heart monitor attached to normally blurring fingers, IV needle inserted into normally unstoppable arms.
Time goes on.  Tony graduates top of his class from MIT.  His mother dies after his father wraps the car he was driving around one of the trees lining the driveway.  They found her clutching a slice of amethyst geode.
Natasha rolled her eyes.  “He gets like that sometimes.  He just randomly decides one day that he’ll rip up a floor and add a mosaic, or he’ll paint a mural on a wall.  I’m honestly surprised he hasn’t done our rooms yet.”
the news?  Fuck that, have you seen the columns of smoke coming in from the northeast?  Half of California is on fire, and unluckily, my boyfriend is one of the few people qualified to help put the fires out.”
“Morning,” said the . . . nurse, he supposed.  Except she didn’t look like any nurse he had ever seen.  His mother never would have dressed in clothes mean for an office.  Nor would she have dreamt of having her hair down or wearing makeup, especially lipstick that dark.  He couldn’t place his finger on every single thing wrong with her, but she wasn’t like anyone he’d ever seen.  She checked her watch.  “Or should I say afternoon.”
“Oh, nothing. Just remembering how you said you got caught up in Iron Man’s business plenty. You weren’t kidding.” Steve smiled at him, indulgent and maybe a little longing.
Steve’s eyes glimmered, but he kept a lid on it as the waitress finally approached, fresh coating of lipstick and mascara applied.
He spots Zemo's unconscious body being loaded into an evac shuttle, but he lets him go.  It will be easier to let him think he got away, and will give him time to gather all the intel he has on dragonkind close, then go after him.  Anyway, Steve should be there for Zemo's downfall, after all the shit the Baron has given him, and having a shell-shocked Steve arrest the the guy when he's out of it is just . . . unsatisfying.
And by his grandmother’s standards, they were successful.  Even with his Pa gone, and the scrape to pay the rent every month, American poverty was preferable to Irish poverty.
“Glad to have you back, Shellhead,” Steve murmurs lowly in his ear, and an all-too familiar heat pools deep in his gut. He does his best to ignore it, and hugs Steve back tightly.
He didn’t seem to be going back to sleep.  From what he could glean, Steve was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling.  Tony would swear he could feel Steve drawing courage to himself.  He could sense the moment when Steve resigned himself to doing whatever he had been debating doing, and felt the bedclothes rustle again.
The rest had fallen quiet during their heated discussion.  Clint was dabbing a cloth at his wine-stained beard and tunic, Sam had his eyes averted as he scratched Redwing with one finger, Bruce was picking at a nick in the glaze on his kylix.  Natasha was the only one openly watching them, her eyes darting between them, gaze filled with speculation and maybe a bit of joy.  She smiled at them over the crimson flames, like she saw what they each wanted and was going to go through Tartaros to obtain it.
Maria made to sit on the rush mat, but Tony snatched up a flattish cushion and pushed it towards her.  She smiled gratefully, then seated herself.  Tony plopped down next to her, the addition of the cushion making them the same height.  She took his hand.
The dragon lifts its head like an undulating ribbon, neck frill puffing out and antennae perking up. It turns in Tony’s direction, and opens its eyes.
“Tony,” Steve gasped, sounding awed and offended at the same time.  “This place is bigger than the apartment I grew up in.  This place costs more for a week than that apartment did in a
Tony was buoyed by that thought as they carted the inebriated Sam and Clint into the van (Nat had hollow legs, she wasn’t even
But he was ready to go home.  The persistent ache that attacked when he heard his children’s voices, he wanted it gone.  As much as it comforted him to have them in his head, he wanted to see them.  Hold them.  He had been taught so much by them.  He now wanted to teach them just as well.
Steve purses his lips like he wants to argue, but bites his tongue. He’s trying, Tony realizes.  He doesn’t want Tony lying to him, so he’s not pushing him to the extent where he has to.  It makes Tony just want to crawl into Steve’s arms and spill his guts.  “Alright.  I guess we’ll leave it to you.  Anything that we can help with?”
Uhh, when do you want to-“ Steve stammered, suddenly aware how Peter and Maria had faded politely into the background.
No one was close enough to catch him, so he hit the ground, sizzling, embedding himself in the asphalt.
"Goddamn it, Tony!" Steve shouted, marching over and peeling his helmet off.  He was projecting, as always.   But his anger felt vindicated.  With everything that was going on in his head and his heart right now, Steve felt the right to be frustrated with his life.  Tony being reckless and Tony not talking to him . . . .
It wasn't the most grueling of battles, not by a long shot, but it was taking some time to take out all of the strange sewer goblins.  The main headache was making sure all civilians were evacuated to avoid the spray of mild acid.  And the heady stench of . . . well, sewer.
“During the Kronia?  We don’t usually . . . fine.  If that’s what he wants.”  Steve rubbed the ridge that formed between his brows.  Tony wondered what type of god would allow a goddess to act as his son’s patron, yet still demand tribute.  At least Howard never expected any more than the bare minimum.  “Question: How do we capture the boar without killing it?”
Steve slid the tablet onto the bedside table and scooted down so they were at eye level.  He tucked his arms under the side of his head, so adorable that Tony had to physically restrain himself from asking
These were the kind of conversations that had dominated his life the past nine years.  Once parents met, your children could tell you so much more about your family life in the future.  Steve had always been curious as to why his children had been especially cryptic, but considering he thought they would be born to a strong, tiny brunette in the early fifties, it was a lot to get used to.  Instead they were going to be born to a strong, tiny brunet in the early 2020’s.
Once he began passing all the travelers coming out of the west gate, he began to hear shouts and cheers, people running back into the city screaming “
“On that lovely note, have a pleasant day, gentlemen.”  The four council members rose, cracking their aged joins and chattering lightly as they took their leave.  Steve remained seated, so Tony did as well.  After the group had entered the courtyard, Steve turned to him.  “I have several advisory councils, but this is the smallest and also the one that meets most frequently.  I will expect you to sit in on the others, but this group meets so frequently it’s not necessary for you to always be here.”
Seeing it opened a chasm of wanting in Tony.  He’d spend his happiest hours in the smithy down the southern slopes of the acropolis, hauling water and begging for a chance to bang out even a small piece of metal that he would show his mother proudly by the end of the day.  His favorite had been a particularly burly smith, who no one even seemed to know by name, but still created amazing metalworks.  As he got older, Tony had wondered why the man hadn’t been taken to the frontlines.  But as soon as he’d asked, people looked at him like he was crazy, like the man didn’t exist.  But he had
Tony rolled over so his head was lying in Steve’s lap.  He schooled is feature into a mock-glare.  “What do you mean by that, Rogers?”
At first he thought he was developing a full-scale psychosis.  Then Maria warned him to get his blood checked.  And he understood why he was forced to change the core of the arc reactor so often.
(Sometimes, he would sneak in and look at the drawings, balanced on the back of an oxblood armchair.  Always signed
“He said he’d wait a couple days before - Just give me a moment to tell you something.”  Peggy grabbed his hand, bulling him into the shadowed porch, away from the prying ears of the slaves.  She shooed away a couple of old women who were shelling beans.  They looked put-out, but fled.
She had nothing but a wool coat, felt hat, and a carpet bag when her mother and Uncle Peadar had traveled with her to Cobh (even if the English had renamed it Queenstown, Cobh outdated any English queen).  She had cried and waved as she boarded, trying so hard not to lose sight of them, but the blur of her tears and the itchy redness had forced her to dig out her handkerchief, and by the time she had cleared her eyes, she had lost them in the press of the crowd.
the heart.  I may run this team, but you’re the center.  You may be softer than the rest of us, but you’re the only one who’s human, fully.  We circle around you.  You’re – you’re
Still whooping and making other ridiculous noises, the trio left, banging the walls and trying to sing “Living in America” without knowing half the words.
He knew something was wrong the moment he walked in, and heard Tony grunt as he white-knuckled his sheets.  Steve put the tray down on a dresser, and rushed to Tony’s bedside.
He can picture Steve down to the tiniest detail, from the two moles at the nape of his neck and the wispy straw-colored hair that covers them, to the small chip in his lower left premolar that the serum couldn't fix.  He knows pretty much everything there is to know about Steve's appearance.
The lock made a decent clunk as it slid back, emitting them into a hallway partially lit with florescent lights.  The doors were grey, the walls a lighter grey, and Tony wanted to vomit.
Steve felt himself fall back into his earlier state.  “No change.”  He pushed the tapioca pudding at Thor, who had been glancing at it meaningfully.
Tony leans back, and decides he should give Steve a chance.  To explain himself.  “Maybe you should make me understand your position.”
And where did that leave him?  His mother had said that Hera had blessed him, and she was picky with those she chose to favor, but stories said she was willing to go to almost any length to secure her heroes’ success.
if you’re telling me he can only have family.  He hasn't any blood family left.  The Avengers are his family, no discussion.”), Steve had taken the hard armchair next to Tony’s head, and hadn’t moved in nine hours.
Tony slumped against the seat. “I just can tell, Happy. He doesn’t have anywhere to go, and I just couldn’t let him get away. I can’t explain it, but I know I need him next to me.”
bit like the bottom of his stomach had fallen out.   “He really takes his religious duties seriously, doesn’t he?”
They’d all tiptoed around him at first (except Thor, who was on Asgard, and Natasha, who tiptoed right up to his face), but Tony hadn’t.  He’d been brash in his teasing yet uncruel, and would always answer any question that Steve had.  He made fun of his age, yes, but he never made Steve feel stupid or like it was his fault.  He helped Steve were he could, and directed him to someone if he couldn’t.
Once inside, Tony was able to see Steve dragging himself out of the water onto a sort of rock platform.  With a grunt, he pushed through the last couple of stokes and scrambled up behind him.
There is the sound of a large inhale and exhale, then a fog of white curls almost lethargically through the air.
The front door opened, and Tony herd the jingle of Steve’s car keys as the chucked them into the waiting bowl, followed by the rustle of him putting his jacket in the closet, and a few whistled bars of Count Basie.  Tony made sure to black out the screens screaming the headlines before Steve entered the living room.  He held a filing box filled with stained manila folders under one arm, which he kicked to the side.
Pikas was still there, grinning widely as he stared down.  Tony mustered a smile that probably looked like a grimace.  “So, how’s the whole, uh, river thing going?”
“Heya, Sam.”  The man grunted in response to Clint as the falcon snatched an olive from between his lips.  “How are our babies?”
So no one can see he might not be an impassive façade, he constructs one of his own.  It just so happens to fly and shoot bad guys.
Tony bit his lip, trying not to just shove her away, but the possessive clench of her fingers would likely soon draw blood. He turned his torso, breaking her hold. “It’s just a number! Superstition and magic lie only in fairy tales! Everything can be explained in this day and age, with science and technology at everyone’s fingertips –“
Tony snorted.  “Since when has age ever stopped me?”  His tone was condescending, but Steve could hear both embarrassed and miserable beneath the bravado.  Like he had been caught.
“You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart.”  He tapped the arc reactor.  “This stops it.  This little circle of light.  It's part of me now, not just armor.  It's a terrible privilege.”
He never really understood just how relentless the Russian winter was until now. As he is in the midst and at the mercy of it.
And then they’ve said everything.  Well, not everything, but as much as they can come up with at this time.
One of the girls was awake, feigning sleep.  He prodded her hip.  She looked up, wide-eyed and terrified, like she expected him to do something to her.
of people in the palace back home.  Someone’s always underfoot.  I’m fine trading the luxury for the privacy.”
. His suit was cheap and ill-fitting, and maybe twenty years out of date, but still, Steve was . . . beautiful. Handsome of course, but somewhere in the strong yet strangely delicate curve of his brow and jaw, and the plush pink lips, and the cropped pale blond hair, there was a beauty to him. He looked torn between slumping and sitting up ramrod straight, like he was still slightly at unease in his body. But what a body it was. Thickly corded muscle and flushed Irish skin, broad hands and broader shoulders, but something about his poise implied that in a fight he would rely on his dexterity more than his brute strength, which Tony had already seen was not inconsiderable.
“Sorry.”  Steve coughed once, straightened his shoulders, and Tony immediately saw the idealized hero they painted on pottery and sculpted for their foyers.  “You'll have to excuse me, but I don’t get to mess with people very often.  You’re fresh meat, I’m afraid.”
“Perhaps the service here is crappy?” Natasha chimed in innocently from where she was crouched the back seat of the musty van they had “borrowed”.
“Swell.” He’s so deep in shock he’s acting like this is almost normal.  “Can you do this with any human?”
“Sadly, nothing interesting. He’s been locked up in his house most of the time. Iron Man’s been a bit more concerned with this whole Jack Frost business.”
Basically this is set during a time between the two eras of Ancient Greek history we are familiar with, which has comparatively less information about it out there.  I’ve taken a lot of liberties on the historical canon, but this is fanficton.  I’m sure you can understand ;)
She had cried with the others upon the disappearance of Fastnet Rock, then focused on the rippling red, white, and blue above her head.
This, he reflected as he traced a finger along the chain of the St. Florian medallion, is why Tony Stark couldn’t have nice things.
,” Steve gasped as Tony worked him thoroughly in his mouth.  Sucking, tasting, testing the limits that only Tony Stark could.
“I was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice.  I thought Coluson was gonna swoon.  Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet?”
watch, I will assume complete responsibility for your stupidity.  Now watch me nag you for being foolhardy, then I will proceed to taunt men with big swords.”
He was turning into lap 313 when the unwelcome but unfortunately familiar vice-like squeezing clamped down on his chest. It was sharp and twisting, like a deadweight on his torso, numbness spider-webbing from his core. The rhythmic pumping of his heart slowed a few increments despite the sudden lurch of adrenaline in his system.
Before they set out, Tony and Steve had donned sandals (Steve said it would be much too warm for cloaks, as they would be back before sunset).  Steve had also picked up some waterskins, a pair of jars filled with
“I am Pikas!” the river god roared.  “God of this river!  I wrestled with Herakles!  Lithe Artemis and her fifty maidens once bathed here!  Who are you, and what makes you think you may approach to drink from my waters?”
“But enough of that, darling.”  She patted his cheek, a little too hard.  “Do not worry yourself over it.  My son must tell me of his great victory.”
“Honestly?  I don’t know.  I didn’t do it to hurt you.  I guess I wanted to protect you from it.  And I didn’t want you to hate me.”
) as he brushed his teeth.  “It means a lot to me that you’re doing this.  Spending all this money on nail polishes for Bucky-“
That made Steve pause.  It was rare when a person had a child and didn’t hear a voice.  Usually the parent was so bitter that they had not heard, they either put the kid in an orphanage or neglected the kid.  By not hearing a voice, they insured they never knew their children.  Their children often went on to not hear voices.  It was a vicious cycle.
The last room was presumably Steve’s.  Tony’s was immediately to the right of it.  It was definitely the largest, even though it was maybe half the size of Tony’s bedroom in Athens.  It overlooked the central courtyard, and the long curtains gave it a womb-like atmosphere, similar to his mother’s, but while her solar was warm and bright, Steve’s room was cool and calming.  The bed was just as nice as Tony’s, if bigger, and neatly made up.  A couple of tables were filled with ledgers and dispatches.  Even though the poked through a few trunks, Tony couldn’t find a scrap of the man’s armor or iconic shield.
They’d been in Europe for nine days, trying to get as much business in as possible, and every moment away had been almost agonizing.  All it was doing was enforcing how much he missed the rest of the team, with their odd hours and emotionally stunted quirks.  And how much he missed a certain supersoldier taking up space in his workshop, and heart, if he ever cared to admit it.
Steve gazed over the scene.  Tony, his hair a mess, wearing a grease-stained sweat shirt and flannel pajama pants, looking somewhere between exhausted and just waking.  He was curled into the side of the couch, one foot trapped in the crevice between cushion and arm, while the other was carelessly dangling over, toes flexing occasionally.  His hands were twitching as well, resting on the throw pillow in his lap, hands freshly scrubbed with GoJo and smelling of pumice and orange, but the lines of his hand were still embedded with grease.  The worry lines of his face relaxed, looking more like a teenager who had stayed up all night finishing a science project than a teenager who regularly challenged what engineering could accomplish.
anger management issues.  A couple of master assassins.  And you, big fella, you’ve managed to piss of every single one of ‘em.”
He took his time, shaving and brushing his teeth and flossing in the spotted mirror on the medicine cabinet, in no rush to get into bed with a huffy Steve.  Maybe if Steve were a bit more eager.
He traced slowly down Steve’s abs, Steve smiling sappily up at him.  When he finished, Tony chucked the wipes off the side of the bed and Steve dragged him down for a soft but still heated kiss.
“Not quite,” Steve said.  He put down his water jar and stood.  “A piece of advice.  They know more than you or I.  Don’t ask for too much clarification, because you won’t get it.”
So yes, he was mentally planning three college funds and an extension to the farmhouse.  And new plumbing, as he took in the claw foot tub from before him.
The man straightened, looking shocked and nervous.  He strode over with the boy dragging along with wide eyes, several other children trailing in their wake.  “Mister Stark!  We’re so glad you could make it!  And Captain, sir, it’s an honor.”  The man held out a slightly sweaty hand.
Howard held up his hand for silence and took a drink.  “This – this hero shit.  You don’t know anyone who is a proper warrior king.  That’s what you seem to be intent on becoming.  He’s offered –“ Howard pulled a scroll from his belt “- and you’ll do well to learn from him.  Knock some humility into you.  If I keep letting you go on these quests, your ego’s only going to inflate even more, and that’s not what I need in an heir.  No, I’ve made my decision.  I’m sending you off to Korkyra.  Now get out of my sight.”
It was cold.  His head ached.  Where was he?  Was he hung-over?  That wouldn’t be a first.  But it didn’t feel like he had been drinking, more like he had locked himself in his workshop and had not been properly nourished in several days.  He was starving.  He was lying on a cot.  It was
And for some reason, they had taken Tony into their fold.  They treated him like they had know him for years, and while they joked about it constantly, they didn’t really want him to buy them things (well, they did, but it wasn’t so much like using him as it was helping themselves).
Frigga chose that moment to walk in.  “Then let me take my grandson before you hurt him with your uncovering of the mysteries of the universe,” she quipped smoothly.
“I’m not imagining this?  You’re not some . . . evil twin or something?  You’re not gonna pull off your face and be the Red Skull?”
drink. He had a shitty childhood? Not too difficult to tell people. He was struggling with guilt? Still is, but now he knows how to handle it differently. He felt alone?
The tendons on his neck were still standing out in sharp relief, his knuckles white where he curled his fingers into fists. “You should have someone keep an eye on him,” he said through clenched teeth.
“Speaking of that . . . .”  Tony buried his face in his hands, wondering how to bring this up.  “Do . . . do you think that . . . Howard . . . ?”
On the boat, she and the other passengers had discussed the change if names that so often happened.  His mother had been born Sorcha, and the English equivalent was Sarah.
It was five days worth of walking from Sparta, and he was on day three.  In the baking summer heat, Vanko’s head had begun to stink only a short while after Tony had decapitated him.
“Tony?”  Steve came up to him, very close, and Tony could smell honey on his breath.  “Are you alright?”
There would be wars fought over salt in the future, Tony was sure.  But hopefully, he would be dead and some other king could deal with it.
towards the palace.  The fresh scent of the olive and plane trees was obstructed by the cooking fires that were only just now being started.  At the front gates of the palace, the watchman was calling out as the slaves threw open the inner gates, taking the reins and guiding the horse into the courtyard.
The inflections they had, their vocabulary, and their pronunciation were slightly different than what he usually heard, so he supposed these voices were like something from the future.
But he wasn’t going to stop them, he vowed to himself as he waved at a group of old women pouring libations at a tomb, who promptly dropped their wine and put their heads together to discuss the most recent development in the world of news.
Yes, Tony was still a teenager, and yes, he had emotional problems, but everyone that knew him had said that Tony had improved exponentially since he had joined the Avengers.  Eighteen was the age of majority, Tony was legally allowed to vote and pay taxes and marry and fuck and die for his country.
“May – I – present – the – OPI – Avenger – Designer – Collection!” Tony huffed as he struggled to pull out a pack of nail polish in Iron Man colors.
Bucky jumped at being addressed, then gave a non-committal grunt.  JARVIS took it for a positive, and the doors to the elevator slid shut again.
He regretted it as soon as he did it.  He checked the couch over for any damage.  There wasn’t any, and he breathed a sigh of relief.   Until he remembered why he had flipped it.
He looked towards Steve, who nodded. In one motion, Steve reached out and pulled Shapanka away from the wall with no obvious exertion. Iron Man wrenched the mutilated remains of the vault door open, and Steve swiftly threw the man in like he was nothing more than a sack of flour or potatoes. Shapanka collided with a shelving unit full of cash. Together, Steve and Iron Man pulled the door closed.
“Oh, and painting and pottery and mosaic work are fit for kings?”  Tony didn’t want to be rude, but if Steve was going to be an asshole, Tony could be one right back.  Craftwork trades were necessary, but viewed as degrading.  Any physical labor was.  The fact that the Prince of Athens spent so much time in the forges was a weird thing.  Howard called it borderline treasonous that Tony would sully his reputation that way.  But Tony didn’t care.  Making things was the only thing that truly made him happy anymore.  Everything else was tinged with bitterness.
“Yes.  Though, I’m much more partial to mixing up something and telling you to drink it or apply it twice a day than I am to stopping traumatic injuries.  When I lived in Epidarus that was what I did.  But since Steve convinced me to become an Alastor and move to Korkyra, and there aren’t a ton of practiced healers here.  Sure, most people can set a bone temporarily and staunch moderate bleeding, but I have more knowledge, and they were coming to me for advice, so I capitulated rather quickly.”  Bruce rubbed a hand through his beard.  “Small price to pay.”
“Of course!  May I introduce you to my lady mother Frigga, along with my father Odin, and brother Loki?  And these are some of the brave fighters of Crew 91 of the Sequoia National Forest.  Samuel, Clinton, Natasha, James, Steven.  And Steven’s intended, Anthony.”
Steve – brave, beautiful, stupid Steve – stepped forward, blocking Tony with his body. Steve’s teeth were chattering. “Shapanka, you know what I’m capable of. I wouldn’t if I were you.”
The meeting, of course, ran over, because it was Fury.  Steve nearly broke the armrests on his chair clenching his fists to keep from punching the man.  Fury still thought that the Avengers were still under his jurisdiction, despite the fact that they were self-funded and Clint and Natasha were the only ones in SHEILD’s employ, and on a contractual basis at that.  And of course, Fury had to spend four hours ragging on Tony.
, despite it being metal’s equivalent to decay. He still remembers making up new creatures to inhabit the future world during his youth, tiny mites that ate rust and thrived in the workshops of seedy starship mechanics.
“Steve gives them shelter in the main hall at night.  Though they’ll be waiting a bit longer tonight,” Natasha supplied.
she shrieked, ambushing Tony with a hug and yanking his left arm almost clean out of its socket.  She poked the ring.  “Oh, I like it.  Simple.  Classic.  It fits.”  She looked up at him, tears sparkling in her eyes.  “I’m so happy for you.”
“Aw, Steve.  Didn’t you ever learn that love and marriage have nothing to do with each other?”  They shared a laugh, and began to pick at the last scraps of their meal.  Something else occurred to Tony.  “Hey, whether you like it or not, you need an heir.  You don’t seem the type to leave your people with a succession crisis.”
“Are you in the middle of a firefight?  Did you seriously take my call while you were in the middle of a firefight?”  He’s frustrated at himself, and he’s projecting those frustrations on her, but she should be able to figure that out.  Natasha, better than anyone else he knows, can read and understand the true makeup of a person, character and motives and wants.  It’s why she’s so good at whatever she decides to pursue.
steps on the frames where he dropped them in his rush to gather Tony in his arms hand carry him upstairs, well, Tony doesn’t comment on the snap.
They’d had sex no fewer than five times in the past twelve hours, but it didn’t feel like they were just using each other.  Not in the way that Tony pulled Steve’s arms around him as the fell asleep afterwards, not in way that warm sunlight had refracted in his eyes when they woke in the morning.
Steve just shook his head again.  “Tony, you’ll be sitting with me, as my guest of honor.  Fury, that gives you a couch to yourself.”
The man tossed him a glass bottle that clinked faintly we it moved.  It was filled with tiny shards of a dull metal.  Bile rose in his throat again.  He had made this.
The next twenty-four hours were a blur.  The twins were practically jumping with joy.  Their excitement was infectious, and helped quell some of Steve’s nervous anxiety.  He had been chosen for this serum.  He was going to war.
The room is opulent, but he can’t place the style. Its characteristics remind him of something Classical or Rococo, but not quite.  The wall is smooth stone, mounted with colossal mirrors and paintings in ornate frames and luxurious tapestries.  The paintings and tapestries depict natural landscapes, mountain and sea and desert, bereft of any animals or buildings.  No identifiable school to them, but Tony can recognize a decent hand when he sees it.  No windows, but warmly glowing orbs are suspended from the ceiling, high as the Capitol Rotunda above him.
He would be doing his piece from one of the offices in Stark Tower that were filled with leather-bound books, for the sole purpose of charade.  Some bright spark had decided to add an American flag (because Steve refused to wear the Cap uniform), so combining the setting and his ‘40’s dress uniform, he felt like a modern political candidate announcing his run for office.
.  I’m sure you’re all too familiar with us.  Frankly, I was horrible with the flutes, but I could dance and was . . . gifted in other ways.  It’s all over now.”
Rhodey sighs as he snips the string closing the box. “You don’t know how long we were watching you, do you?”
It definitely seems like Steve wants this kiss, because he hasn’t let go of Tony’s face, kissing back with a slow, burning fervor.
It started off after Steve and Bucky came back from a mission where they had exterminated a Hydra cell.
It’s not right, to see Tony like this.  Tony is movement personified.  Unrelenting in going forward, twisting around, changing.   Even in sleep, Tony is restless, shifting and twitching.
Tony had haggled with Steve in the past about staying in the Camp Nelson Lodge, literally the only place in the town that wasn’t a private home, but it was owned by a pretty . . .
“Mmm-hmm,” Jane hummed vacantly, peppering Brandt’s face with kisses.  “But we make an extra effort for Steve.  He’s just . . . sort of like the core?  Of the group?  And he’s the only one who doesn’t like to make a fuss, so he gets the most fuss.  Plus, he was born on a major holiday, and well, you know how they
“Oh, years ago. A lot longer than it feels. But it also feels like no time, so that’s why it’s . . . .”
The rain falls, heavy and free now. He does nothing to shield himself. He curls into himself more tightly, and presses his free hand over his eyes.
For the first time in his life, Tony wondered what he would do in the event of war.  Not the silly imaginings of a kid, not the hypotheticals that lay unexamined.  But when the time came, and he had to raise his sword and lead his armies into battle.  Either as king or still a prince, it didn’t matter, as Howard was probably too old to realistically led from anywhere except the sidelines.  Tony still couldn’t be appointed a general for another decade according to Athenian law, but rules were always bent and sometimes ever destroyed in difficult times.  Steve was made a de-facto general after he was given his kingship that he had managed flawlessly, and he had been younger than Tony was now.  But speaking of Steve, that meant Tony wouldn’t be alone, would he?  There would be the Alastors, both the ones here and the ones who were apparently scattered to the winds.  They could fight as a team.  Maybe he could even get Rhodey included in the ranks of the Alastors.  Tony might be one of the ones doing the leading, but he wouldn’t even be alone in leadership.
The water was murky, but it was slow enough to show Tony’s reflection.  He looked haggard, his long damp hair curling more than usual at the ends, his beard in dire need of a trim.  His eyes were sunken, and if others were to be believed, empty.  But the ember glow still burned, that glint his mother told him was his alone, a gift from the gods.
you hate dealing with them, but sad to say the media trusts you.  Your testament to Tony’s character would be far better received then anyone else’s.”
“Ignore them both.  They’re weird.  But Bruce,” Natasha pointed with her chin, “lives out here.  Bruce?” she called.
“Problem?  Are you feeling ill?”  Something in Natasha’s eyes told him she suspected something.  She seemed to know what he was thinking.
Tony examined the figures painted onto the sides and lid of the jar he held.  White poplars, owls, ghostly figures drifting between the trees along the sides.  The lid showed the throne room of Hades, Persephone and attendants gathered to watch the judgement of a particularly unlucky soul.
“Oh, Tony.”  Bruce gave him a pitying look.  “I guess I should leave while you try and find Steve a birthday present?”
, and he just took it?  Your little brother just walked in there, kicked your ass, and took your suit?”  He turned to the red-headed interloper.  “Is that possible?”
Tony had tried to pull him into the bed with him, but Steve had resolutely sat on the floor, watching the door for any possible intruder.  He didn’t think of Tony sleeping soundly above him.
When it came to daddy issues, godly offspring always won, hands down.  While stories told of them watching their children grow up with a degree of fondness and pride, they weren’t ones to visit.  If a god ever did speak to their mortal child directly (in other words, not through prophets or oracles), it was usually a one-time thing, where the god tried to make up for their absence with a shiny gift and an “opportunity” for a quest that would either give them glory or death.  (Oddly, goddesses didn’t seem to have the same hang-ups, even for their non-offspring champions.  Sure they weren’t there day-to-day unless you were Akhilles and your mom was Thetis, but Athena and Artemis and Hera were a lot more likely to show up after your quest, even if it was only to demand your gratitude.)
With a groan, Tony sat up and forcefully rubbed the gunk from his eyes.  Natasha, already washed and dressed, was holding a steaming jar of water.  “Thanks.”
“Now, Nephalion,” Steve scolded.  “Tony just arrived.  Let him settle in before you put him to work overhauling our waterworks.  We’re fine drawing directly from the source; we just wanted the fountain for convenience.  Besides, he said he’d need to see the setup first.”
The part about Erskine’s claim of Steve as his heir was well-worn gossip.  Tongues had been wagging about a poor Athenian bastard being left the kingship of an island, even a tiny backwater.  But then reports had come through about Steve’s heroism, and the whispers of him being godly offspring, and public opinion in Athens has swung towards egotistical boasting about how even Athens’ poor were better than everywhere else.  (People had conveniently forgotten that Steve’s mother had emigrated from Thera.)
“Mmmm,” Tony mumbled around a finger as he sucked the last of the broth off of it.  “Gotta try that sometime.  But you promised me lamb, and lamb I shall receive.”
ask Tony to give up coffee.  He become slightly more dependent on it after he quit drinking after they got married, plus his sleep schedule was much more regular which ment he got more sleep now.  The least Steve and the kids could deal with was a Tony who couldn’t operate without caffeine, as opposed to other more harmful addictions.
Steve and the woman were looking down at him, faintly amused smiles on their lips.  Lightning quick, she stole the cup back from him.
With a silent groan, Steve brought his left hand up to his mouth, biting down hard on the webbing between his thumb and forefinger.
“They molted their first feathers a few months ago and they’re flying unaided.  Stop calling them babies.”
Howard, after realizing he had no heir, had married a scandalously young wife in the early nineties.  Tony had been the product of the horrendously mismatched couple.  Howard and Maria had only cooperated in private until Tony’s conception.  Tony had been born into a house with estranged parents in 1994, who stayed married only for appearances.  The reports Steve had read said that Howard had been largely absent, and while Maria had tried, it hadn’t added up to much.  She’d been too broken.
older than me, but I’ve never really been surrounded by people my own age, so it makes sense that I’d fall for someone older, ya know?  And really, in actual years you’ve been conscious, you’re not
Parents heard their children’s voices from the day they came of age until the moment of conception.  That meant for the foreseeable future, he was going to have witnesses to his every terrible decision.  Even if they wouldn’t remember.
Steve shook his head.  “You’re right.  Maybe we’ll both luck out, and get to choose someone we actually love.”
Finally having caught his breath, Tony realized he wasn’t doubled over in pain.  “I don’t know what you’re feeding me, but I actually feel great.”
There was a moment of silence.  “Wow.  You just . . . don’t care about the fact that you’re descended from so much history?” Natasha asked, not is shock, but in a calculating manner
started, Steve would spend hours down in the workshop, reading or drawing or napping on the couch.  Tony would be in his groove, happy that he had Steve there, to ramble at, and he was so grateful, because no one can ever keep up with him, but no one but Steve was ever willing to just sit and listen to things he could never fully understand.
to return and live among my shell.  I can do whatever I want.  Our role is to protect Earth in the way we see fit.  And you and I have a pretty decent track record of protecting Earth.”
Love wasn’t something he'd ever wanted.  It was inconvenient at best, a weakness at worst, and how much did he know about weakness?  He was a walking weakness, a scarred mass of mistakes and loneliness and alcoholism, emotionally stunted and unable to operate as a normal human.  He could create, he could destroy, he could rise again, but never go smoothly through life, just live with all the normal joys and sorrows that most people had.
Steve appraised him out of the corner of his eye.  “Then maybe you could join me, sometime.  I only ever went up Lykabettos alone.”
Steve just chuckled as Tony stole the box from him and followed him into the darkened office. “Pepper said you probably hadn’t eaten, and I was hankering for a slice – or three.” He shrugged. “So I thought we could share.”
So standing here in Barton’s completely middle class farmhouse was something far out of Tony’s depth.  For him, hospitality was something you paid others to give to your guests.  Even if you did get personally involved, it would be more of a situation where you found the guest’s preferences and sent them to the staff catering to their needs.  It was nice, if impersonal, and everyone went away smiling.
Tony takes a deep breath, and fiddles with the hem of his loose tee shirt. His sweatpants are full of grease stains and holes, and his bare feet are cold on the smooth white concrete of the roof.  “You don’t have to wear it.  In fact, I’d prefer it if you didn’t.  You’ll get more out of it without it.  Trust me.  But emergencies, Cap.  Can’t have America’s sweetheart die of asphyxia on my watch.”
Clint was still staring at water, clutching the diving board like it was a life preserver.  “I got us some of those handcuffs they usted to use on the criminally insane.”
The shabby fabric of the room was covered by the brightly colored things that went along with children.  Two towels, one fuchsia with appliqué flowers, the other hunter green with helicopters.  Tiny training toothbrushes were on the sink next to Avengers™ kiddie toothpaste.
“Put in something about museums and Cincinnati, should pop right up,” Tony said as he tried burrowing into Steve’s hip.  “Pep said it’s in some old train station.”
“Yes. The residential tower is fine, so long as everyone takes cover from shattering glass.  The parking garage is a bust, but no one’s inside.  Stores evac’ed?  Then it’s the office building that takes priority.”
“Mmmm,” Steve hummed as he pulled Tony deeper into his embrace, resting his chin on Tony’s shoulder.  “Rather listen to you.”
The main living space is dark, and no matter the temperature, always feels cold.  Vision is sitting, posed like the Thinker, flicking through YouTube videos.  He remembers seeing him do it on many of his visits, asking Wanda what they should watch next.  There was some sort of happiness in him.  Now it’s just brooding.  Tony catches a few lines of the song he’s playing:
“Only if you promise to hold my hair,” Tony smiled so openly it made Steve’s intestines curl.  “But nah, maybe tomorrow.  Good idea, soup.  Could you maybe . . . ?”
Tony was loath to take advice from Fury, wanted to vomit at the idea of apologizing, but what else could he do?  Korkyra was uncharted territory, and Tony had made the mistake of assuming.
Steve spaced out, gazing around at the nerve center as he could hear Fury discussing the Cube’s whereabouts with Banner.  Romanoff went over to one of the compute banks, flicking through the images, setting on one of the men who was possessed.
you’ve filled out the appropriate paperwork?” She smiled tightly and blinked too many times. “Is your silence a no? Of course it is. Well, we should get right on that.” She returned to her desk, loading a fresh sheet into her typewriter. “I’ll get this ready for you two to sign later, alright? Any special provisions?”
“Coffee it is then.” Steve nods, then moves away. Tony hears Steve bustling around the kitchen, scoping coffee grounds and running water. He must be in terrible shape, if Steve doesn’t even tease him for his coffee habit.
in the lower, right-hand corner, and he had been so betrayed, felt so lied to, until he learned Captain America had a actual, real human person name.)
Rhodey thunks the empty water bottle on the floor.  “That’s the thing.  I can’t be the left hand if there’s no team for you to head.  And you can’t head a team if you don’t have your head straight.”  He reaches us and fluffs Tony’s hair.
Women and men fall over themselves, and into bed with him.  They don’t really look at him, seeing only momentary pleasure and a possible payoff.
the way some men were, but that made him all the more beautiful, sinewy muscle undulating smoothly under his flawless skin.
They lapse into silence again. Steve walks over towards the table Tony is working at, and picks up and examines a piece of the shredded armor.
“Why’re you leaving?” Tony yawned, rubbing his eyes with the back of a hand.  He was wearing an oversized, faded red sweatshirt, grey sweatpants, and violently purple socks.  His hair was sticking up in all directions, a sleepy, disgruntled look on his face.  Or that’s what he would have called it.  Anyone else would have said he was pouting.
It really shouldn’t have been a surprise that, after a few perfunctory greetings, Steve quickly made a beeline toward the wall where Tony and Bruce were sitting.  “So, Natasha didn’t kill him this morning?  A shame.  She must be losing her touch.”  Even though she was on the opposite side of the yard, she seemed to hear Steve’s remark.  Her glare could have pierced bronze.
“You were given an amazing mind for a reason, Tony. You can change the world. If you can, that’s what you should be doing.”
know. He likes the smell of lavender; it reminds him of his mother. As much as he looks towards the future, he is terrified of being left in the past. He loves Steve with everything the twisted blackened thing that at one time might have been called his heart can muster. He doesn’t like sleeping alone. He always wants a drink. Every little thing that makes the man in the suit of armor tick.
Steve is still worried Tony might catch a chill, but pick your battles, blah blah, and he's not going to argue with Steve coddling him right now.  He pulls more blankets out of the closet (really, when did he get so many blankets?) and spreads them out over Tony like paper mâché or some other thing that involves layers. Like a cake.
Tony put the record on, then began to move to the smooth guitar riff that oozed from the speakers.  The dance was slightly ridiculous, thrusting his hips and leaping about.  It was uniquely Tony, slightly idiotic, untamed, well thought out, and undeniably erotic.
Steve’s mind was filled with the memory of what he had seen in that drawer: a crimson vibrator and a half-used bottle of lube.
With a practiced hand, like those familiar with lonely nights and immense frustration, Steve had his erection cupped in his palm, slowly rubbing up and down the shaft, the forerunner to the game.
It made the desire to share the secret of Iron Man almost too much. Because Steve idolized Iron Man. If Steve knew he was helping Iron Man directly, he would be sure to stay. But as much as Tony wanted Steve to share his secret, to be there for him, to be
Steve couldn’t stop his fingers from smoothing back the hair from Tony’s forehead.  It was a smidgen too long; he would need to get it cut soon.
“Mm-hm,” Tony intones, looking around.  It’s one of the older cabins, tucked up high in the mountains.  No views of water, but brown trunks are everywhere.  The leaves are tipped in gold.  They’re very high up.  “Just you?”
