“I’m taking Sam.”
“God, she’s beautiful,” Bucky says, and walks forwards to run a hand along the bike’s side.
If nothing else, Steve has to hold on for the baby.
“Alright.”
Rivulets of water run down Tony’s face in gentle strokes, and the man’s wrists are pinned, hair plastered to his head. His chest is bare and his muscles strain, abs contracting and flexing with some sort of movement. His mouth is slack in pleasure, his eyes half-lidded, and Bucky can almost taste the moan.
After a couple of minutes, he pushes himself back up to an upright position, squeezing his eyes shut as the sensation of boiling blood rushes into his brain, filling it until it throbs even more. Fuck.
He has half a mind, then, to put his fist through the elevator wall, to feel it give like butter under his knuckles as he takes out some of his frustration in a quick, easy swing. He gathers a deep breath, however, and curls his hands into fists instead, anchoring himself on the way his fingernails dig into his palms, creating small divots in the soft skin there.
Bucky holds his eyes and brings his hand connected to Tony’s up, very slowly as not to spook the man. He can feel Tony’s racing pulse beneath his fingertips, hammering incessantly against delicate skin. Bucky knows if he were to spread a hand over Tony’s chest, he would feel his heart pounding a tattoo against his rib cage.
“You keep clothes for us?” Steve asks, surprised.
Tony sniggers and Steve looks at him disapprovingly, a small frown tugging at the corner of his mouth.
this is a mess. it's very rushed, so super poorly written, but hopefully next week's will be better? I have no fucking idea on where to go at this point. I'm killing time until he's nine months ;)))))
Tony grins. “It’s really hot, and you have to use this soap that burns with these scratchy scrubbers. It’s not fun.”
He shakes his head at his own clumsiness as he leaves his room, closing the door with a soft
Bucky finally leaves Steve’s room after another half hour, covered in spongy white stuff, his clothes in disarray and his hair a mess.
Tony grins a wicked smile with too many teeth, a positively feral expression on his face, ignoring the small twinge that comes from the command and the zero fondness or affection it holds. “For you, baby, there’s always time.” He winks gaudily and salutes lazily, watching him with sharp eyes for some kind of reaction.
“Damn, you’d put any guy to shame,” Tony says, suddenly finding himself rambling and not knowing how to stop it. “Do you work out? What a silly question, of course, you don’t. Jesus Christ, look at those muscles, you’re really hot, you know that? Oh, I need to shut up.”
“Thor,” a gentle female voice says, interrupting the god’s thoughts. “You’ve been embroidering all day. Perhaps it’s time to take a break?”
“You never do.”
him about it?”
with the strain.
Bucky grits his teeth and turns back to Steve whose eyes are wild with fury. “That made you feel better?” he rasps. “That’s what Tony did too. He pushed you until you snapped. Did you hit him too?”
They stared at each other for a few silent seconds, before suddenly something broke, and Bucky was suddenly tucking himself away as fast as he could and drawing the sheet across his waist as he scrambled up to sit against the wall. The sheet tented very slightly around his groin, and Steve stared at it, wondering what on earth was happening.
“Buck…” Steve pleads.
“See?” Tony’s grin widens. “At least I can jerk off with the proper hand.” He preens as if he’s said something clever. “Same boat, my ass.”
“Wait, Clint, did any of the foam get on you?” Bruce asks, his deep voice suddenly urgent.
There are a million ways to end the sentence, but Tony knows to focus on the last thing. No one ever did something so drastic without the absolute concrete notion of there being something they wanted that they believed they would never get.
. There’s another human inside of him.
“Stop talking about Steve’s ass,” Clint groans dramatically, sounding pained.
That was ridiculously mean for him to think of, after everything he’d done to Steve. Of course, his actions aren’t unprecedented, but Tony still hasn’t been the kindest he can be either.
Oh, God, the baby.
“There should be some steps comin’ up,” Steve says behind him, a warm and comforting presence at his back. Bucky forces his shoulders to relax and nods, even though he knows Steve can’t see him.
Tony grins at him gratefully, and turns to one of his fancy holographic displays. “I have a surprise for you.”
“Alright,” Bucky concedes. “I’ll see what I can find.”
Tony retches one last time before staggering to his feet. He wipes his mouth with the back of his un-armored hand and looks at the croissant forlornly.
his traitorous mind supplies helpfully.
“Not the best,” Tony admits grudgingly, frowning, “but, I mean, we don’t fight or passive-aggressively ignore one another or anything. Why? Bucky, what the hell did you do?” Tony asks with growing alarm as Bucky winces.
also thank you to everyone whos left kudos, commented, etc. I love you!!
She sounds a mix of excited and scared and apprehensive and worried, and it’s all for
Like the man next to him, he stares straight forward. It’s a while before either of them speak. Surprisingly, it’s the Soldier who goes first.
“There’s no point,” Steve says mournfully, pitifully, and Bucky kind of wants to kick him for the moment of weakness and vulnerability, for those words full of self-pity. This really isn’t the time. He’s trying to
. A month ago, he was fine. But then it all started spiraling and Steve started thinking of things he had ignored for
“No to all of the above,” Tony confirms. He holds up a hand. “And before you ask, I am not going to medical.”
“Steve?” he repeats, and a gruff, “in here,” answers him from the bedroom. Tony hobbles over and swings that door open, unsurprised to find Steve sat against the headboard of his bed, at his feet stretched out in front of him.
Steve drops his arms sheepishly, and rubs the back of his neck. “Can you
Steve looks down at him briefly, but keeps moving, walking him towards some mysterious location with hurried steps. Bucky’s head rolls back into Steve’s elbow and he groans at a new twinge of pain.
He’s feeling reckless today.
Rhodey holds his gaze, his eyes boring into Steve’s. Steve looks taken aback, and very confused.
By the time his boots are laced and it’s almost time to meet Steve, Bucky’s hair is dry enough to pull back, but he leaves it hanging. One of the most important lessons he learned from the Winter Soldier was that sometimes a little hair hanging over your face could conceal your identity completely, or at least make you seem nondescript and forgettable.
Steve looks up from his sketchbook when Tony plops down next to him on the couch. His drawing is of Clint flinging himself off of a roof, bow in one hand, and hair in wild directions. He’s working on the curve of the bow when Tony interrupts him, and it’s with barely concealed impatience that he looks up.
“Why shouldn’ I?” the Soldier asks in a gruff voice, slightly muffled by the mask he’s wearing. Tony is pleasantly surprised when a completely American accent answers him, sounding like it might even be from Brooklyn.
“You weren’t pregnant, then,” Steve reminds him softly, making Tony flinch, his system flooding with guilt. As much as he might be loath to admit it, Steve and Jarvis were right. Staying up this long and putting unnecessary strain on his body wasn’t good for him or the baby, and Bucky would have been horrified if he had been here.
“And leaving you alone?” Pepper asks, anger creeping into her voice.
Steve’s laughing as he easily bats the pillow away and grabs another to swat Bucky with. He winks and says: “Only with you, darlin’.” His accent is pure Brooklyn, and Bucky feels goosebumps on his arms erupt from the sheer familiarity of it. God, but he hasn’t realized how much he missed the simple drawl until he didn’t hear it anymore.
Tony breathes air lightly out his nose and pulls the stack of paper back towards him, picking up his pen. He has every intention of burying himself into his work until he falls asleep on his feet, or he drinks himself into oblivion. He shakes his head. No, nope. Alcohol’s not an option, Stark. Sorry, buddy, try again another day.
“I just told you guys I’m fine. Seriously!”
Tony whistles. “Damn. Must be unbearable.”
He watches him go, the blood running down his neck mingling with the burning water and turning it a pale pink. He’s pretty sure Pepper has a pair of shoes in that color. He’s pretty sure he gave them to her.
“I want to smile more,” Bucky says quietly to Steve. They’re in his room, Steve sitting back against the headboard of his bed and Bucky leaning against the wall on the floor, knees drawn up to his chest.
“Can you walk?” Bruce asks them gruffly, but not unkindly.
,” emitted from Tony.
Instead, he spends his nights hammering out mangled bits of metal, and he even has a routine. During the day, if there’s no mission, he goes down to the workshop and turns AC/DC on as loud as JARVIS will let him, before going to town with his sledgehammers. Then he eats a sandwich and refuses to think about Steve. After, he goes back to hammering before eating some sort of bland dinner and then hammers some more until midnight, when he passes out on the couch in his workshop. He has a huge stack of flat metal sheets in the corner, now. During days with a mission, Tony goes out with the team, plays Iron Man, and disappears to go sleep, exhausted, after their day.
Bucky gasps in mock outrage. “You wouldn’t!”
She thinks about it for a second. “Mental disorders aren’t really something people heal from. They’re something that provide symptoms people can manage with therapy and medication, but in your case, especially because you said medication likely won’t work on you, then yes, you’re healing from it. Although…”
Steve’s already climbing up a rickety fire escape on the side of a building, and Bucky hurries to catch up. Maybe three stories later, they finally reach the roof.
Bucky meets with her thrice more that week, feeling more and more exhausted each time. By the fourth time, however, she has his answer.
They go to get sandwiches, the Soldier hanging back around in the shadows of the alley behind the building while Tony goes inside.
“What? Why would I do that?”
He thinks that Steve notices, but he also knows that his best friend respects Bucky enough to know that he’ll tell Steve when he’s ready.
Jarvis replies that he’ll pass the message along, and Steve tugs on a blue sweater and black trousers, as if protecting all available skin. The bandages from his hand have long been removed, leaving unmarred pale skin behind. Steve doesn’t know how to feel about having no scars. He figures it’s probably for the best.
He’s smiling, though, and that’s nice.
Rhodey raises an eyebrow challengingly. “I know what you did,” he hisses, “to Tony.”
Speaking of which.
“Are you actually worried for my well-being, Rogers, or are you just doing this to try to annoy me? Because I am
There, he works for the better part of six hours, taking a break only to eat a bag of vinegar and salt chips, wiping his greasy fingers on his sweatpants, the only pants that fit him anymore. In the remaining hour before Bucky is to visit, he covers the project with the same blue cloth he had used to wrap his arm in, and settles down on the couch with his tablet.
” he he had asked, his voice cracking on the last word.
“It’s not my information to tell,” Tony snarls.
The thought is bitter, but it makes this slice of thick cream cheese and sweet caramel all the better.
Bucky carefully rounds the bed until he can see Steve’s face, and notices the heavy bags under his eyes and the thin line of his mouth.
Bucky’s eyes widen and a smile tugs at the corner of his mouth before spreading all across his face. “You made me the damn thing,” is what he says, and Tony can’t help but snort a laugh.
Steve leaves, Tony's mystery is unraveled, Natasha tries her best to be supportive, and the whole gang except for Sam and Bucky now knows
When he wakes up, Tony has moved on to something else, and there’s a neat little pile of lemon wedges on the table, all wrung out and stringy. Bucky blinks at them for a confusing second.
“Okay, yes, maybe,” Steve concedes miserably, “but it doesn’t change the fact that you and Tony are together, and
When the coffee’s made they all sit down, blowing curls of steam lightly off their drinks. The silence hangs over them for a second, before Tony breaks it, having already gulped down his share of coffee, boiling temperature and all.
When he pulls off, Tony blearily watches Bucky’s throat work as he swallows, and suddenly finds himself needing that glistening mouth, streaked with spit, lube, and come, on his own. He yanks Bucky’s head forward and kisses him with all he has, registering the other man’s happy hum as he kisses back, huge warm hands rubbing themselves all over Tony’s chest.
, and tells her he doesn’t have any money. She waves his statement away and walks away, returning with a cup of water, leading him to a table to sit.
If the use of the nickname bothers Steve, he doesn’t show it. He crosses his arms, flexing warningly with Tony looks up, trying to show he means business.
put it on the mobile. Bucky had made like the Beatles, and let it be.
“No,” Tony says quickly, forcing himself not to quail under the scrutiny. “No jokes, promise. It really is him.”
Steve snorts, but then stops when it makes his eyes burn. These memories are few, but they’re rich in
. They haven’t noticed him yet, and from the way they’re carrying on, he doubts they will. He leans against the empty door frame, unintentionally imitating Bucky’s pose, but with his hip leaning instead of his ass, and feels fleeting thoughts roll through his head, each one different than the last.
“Cut the chatter,” Steve snaps over the comms. “We’ll ask him when we’re back. Focus.”
The Soldier seems to think over it carefully. “Bucky sounds right,” he admits. He looks carefully at Tony then, as if checking for a positive reaction.
Tony snorts. “Of you? Not likely.”
Inside, however, his mind is reeling.
There is going to be a LONG endnote for this chapter, so either read it or don’t, but hopefully, it’ll address some concerns.
“Look,” Tony says, through a clenched jaw. “This doesn’t involve you, okay? We’re happy, the baby’s healthy, Steve’s moved on,
Steve cracks a smile. “About what?”
He’s still spitballing ideas though, and Tony needs him to stop. Like, now. “Steve,” he snaps, the change of name from last to first going unnoticed by both men, “the only thing I can do right now is try to find some sort of footage. We’ve already looked in all the places he could have been, and no one’s seen him. And, to be honest, who’s going to remember him? You’ve seen how he leaves the Tower.” Tony sighs and rubs the bridge of his nose. “I’ve already alerted Fury, I’ve filed for a missing person’s report, I’ve tried accessing everything I possibly could in his arm, I’ve tried… so much fucking more that I know would go right over your head, frankly, so all I’m asking for is a little patience, alright? I want him back just as much as you do, and believe me, I’m
They don’t need him.
So, he’s walking through the common room at six in the evening, headed towards the training grounds, when he spots something bright red on one of the tables by the big window.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is correct. You need to sleep.”
“Where’s your suit?” came the gruff reply.
“Can’t sleep?” Bucky hears a tired voice ask. He jumps nearly a foot in the air and swears a blue streak. Jesus Christ, it’s been quite some time before someone’s managed to sneak up on him like that. He really must be tired.
“You kissed him like you were drowning. Don’t play stupid with me, Steve.”
It’s with a special kind of horror that Bucky fills in all the missing places, all the gaps in Tony and Steve’s relationship, their hesitant avoidance of one another, the kiss on the hanger where Tony had looked a million kinds of lost, the way Tony had almost collapsed after seeing Steve watch them kiss, and…
“Tony,” Bucky says gently, hooking his fingers under the other man’s chin to tilt his head up. “What’s that face for?”
“A shower, for one thing. No offense, dude, but you reek.”
“Yeah, just a little cold,” Tony pants. “God, this is pathetic; you haven’t even touched me, Jesus.”
His face carefully clears itself except for a small, forced smile, and Tony nods politely at the other man. “Morning, Cap,” he greets, and Steve’s teasing smile evens out into a flat line.
Steve shakes his head. “I’m going,” he decides.
“One of ‘em clipped me on the shoulder,” Clint grunts.
“Hi, Pepper,” he breathes. “God, I’ve missed you.”
He doesn’t register the words.
The corner of Bucky’s mouth twitches again. “Wonder how much of that’s goin’ to be passed to the young one,” he drawls, and Tony freezes.
“What kind of mission?” Pepper sounds skeptical.
The emotion immediately leaves Steve’s face. Walls are drawn up, and Tony curses himself internally. That had been over the line.
Bucky sits gingerly across from him and looks around him while he waits for Steve to sort out the food. There’s a large pot of lavender a few feet away, and he can clearly smell it floating on the breeze, tickling his nose.
It’s Tony’s turn to look horrified as he looks up at Bucky, still sprawled in the chair. “No! Of course not. You’ve been nothing but help, Bucky.”
“Jesus, Stevie,” Bucky had breathed, his eyes lighting up. Steve hadn’t much liked the way his nickname had rolled off of Bucky’s tongue, too dark and heavy; full of promises. Bucky’d swallowed heavily, as if preparing himself for something. “I could show you, maybe?”
Except it suddenly isn’t because Steve has the food laid out and is looking at him with an anticipatory expression. “Lost you for a second there, Buck,” he says, the nickname falling from between his lips as easy as you please.
Tony smiles and turns his head kissing the side of Bucky’s neck. “I love you, too. Now get, or I’ll think you don’t like it and give it to Clint.”
“If I left,” he says carefully. “Would he come after me?”
, but Tony beats him to it. Sort of.
Logically, Bucky knows he’s right, but he can’t help the thought niggling the corner of his mind and when he finally voices it and Steve gasps, he knows he’s hit the nail on the head.
“Oh my God,” Bucky breathes. “He loves you, too. I’m such an idiot, Jesus Christ.”
Steve shrugs his shoulders and curls in on himself. “Can we just go, please?”
He tries to eat slowly, to make it last, but it seems all too soon that he has an empty plate in front of him. He uses a fork he finds in a dispenser and carefully scoops the meat off his plate, picking at the little pieces until his plate is empty.
“What?”
“Yeah, I mean, yes.” He swallows heavily and meets the eyes of the man who he was used to seeing with a gun in his hand and murder in his eyes, who now just looks… lost. “Can I help you?” he asks, his voice only wobbling a little.
Clint nods and hooks his arm around Natasha’s shoulders, which she doesn’t shake off, interestingly enough. “Can I tell Phil?”
“Hang on, Capsicle.” Tony blasts another two robots in the chest before sweeping down and lifting Steve off the ground, carrying him to the roof of a building that will provide a better vantage point to see the Soldier. When they land, Steve immediately hurries over to the edge, looking down.
“Nah, he won’t be mad. And, you know what? If he is mad, he can always just paint over it and ask Natasha to put some more flowers there.” Bucky sighs. “Steve, you’re killing yourself with all this distance shit. You miss him, and I know he misses you, on some twisted level, so just start, you know…”
Bucky carefully climbs down from the ladder without any hands, using only his right forearm for balance. He makes sure to keep the paint roller away from the paint-splattered green ladder, and it’s with great caution that he walks over to Tony and gently shakes his shoulder.
“¿Sí?” the woman asks, and Bucky freezes, swallows harshly. Fuck, his breathing’s gotten a bit labored, and he didn’t think this through.
And to even be thinking of that in the first place…
Steve seems a little tense and isn’t looking at him. Which is fine. Tony is currently having a malfunction somewhere in his brain that is making his gaze fix on him, and refuse to move. He clenches jaw and tears his eyes away, staring resolutely at the opposite wall as if that could help anything.
Tony’s breathing evens out after a few minutes, and his heartbeat slows, but Bucky doesn’t fall asleep. He’s been struck with the thought that this is the first time he’s truly let someone into his personal space that wasn’t from necessary contact, such as the holding down Sam and Steve had to do.
He opens one and gives it a sniff, his eyebrows shooting up at the pleasant smell. It smells like sweet citrusy oranges, and he looks up at the ceiling when he asks tentatively, “What do these do?”
“Good morning, Tony,” he responds, and sits down at the counter, leaving a stool between him and Tony.
“Very impressive, sir,” comes the dry reply. “First try.”
“You didn’t tell me you knocked him up and left him,” Bucky says gruffly, suddenly looking up and meeting Steve’s eyes. Any trace of wistfulness was gone from their stormy depths, fury taking its place.
Steve reaches back and slings his shield off his back, leaning it against the wall behind the bench with a muffled clang. Tony can’t help himself. He turns just in time to see Steve grab the bottom hem of his uniform and tug it up, revealing abs you could grate cheese on and firm pectorals, every muscle in between rippling and bunching as he wrenches it over his head in one swoop, turning it right side in with dextrous fingers and folding it before placing it beneath the bench.
in a suit and tie at some event or another, a red haired woman Bucky recognizes as Pepper from pictures hanging off his arm, although she was sketched in hurried, uneven lines, as if Steve hadn’t wanted her in the picture.
Bucky nods and follows Tony back over to the car, where the hood is still up. “We used to see these sometimes,” he says, then: “Cadillacs,” as if Tony needed clarification on what he meant.
“Oh,” Tony says, closing his face a little and idly running a hand up and down his stomach. “What about her?”
“I’ve been waiting for you to ask. Of course you can, but I need some time before she’s actually born, okay?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony snorts, and rolls his eyes almost… affectionately? “You need to stop paying attention to me,” he says, and Bucky grins.
, and Christ, Bucky’s never been this hard in his life.
He’s still wearing the hoodie he went out with and he uses his right arm to carefully tuck his left sleeve into his kangaroo pouch, knowing full well that a second glance would immediately reveal the illusion of still having an arm there, but not really giving a shit.
Steve chuckles. “Don’t I know it.”
“I’m not acting like anything,” Steve hisses right back. “I don’t know what you want to hear, but clearly I can’t give it to you!” he says, his voice raising.
He wonders if this sort of thing is instinctual for him, this taking care of others… oh. Of course. Bucky was…Steve’s best friend when he was frail and small, and Tony had read his medical file. The boy had every possible thing one could have without being killed. Asthma, color blindness, a heart murmur, an immune system flimsier than the skin of a blueberry, chronic colds, hypertension, and several fun diseases like scarlet fever and rheumatic fever, the man was the definition of frail. Of
“I’m having a baby, oh, God, I’m having a child.” He grabs on hard enough to DUM-E make his knuckles white and sucks in breaths. “A fucking
Bucky rolls his eyes and stalks closer, before carefully wrapping his arms around the other man. In his grasp, Tony tenses, then relaxes a little, and Bucky buries his nose in his neck.
Bucky’d made it very clear that they had to take it slow, however, and there were still times when he just wanted to be alone. Tony’s heart ached for him during these times, but he’d obeyed Bucky’s wishes, and left him alone when he was told.
Bucky had looked at him confusedly, before his eyes widened. “You’ve never…?” he made a gesture with his right hand, a sort of loosely closed fist that he yanked up and down. Steve supposed it looked a little obscene, though he couldn’t quite place why.
The last time he tried to just tough it out in his workshop without any clear goal he ended up sobbing on Steve’s bed and almost drinking.
“I think he might have been… jealous,” Bucky says, and he looks pained, as if it hurts him to say this.
“All of it,” Steve chokes, and blinks rapidly. “Bucky going off to war, trying to die then
She audibly shivers. “Can’t wait. Goodbye, Mr. Stark.”
Steve works his jaw around, trying to figure out to answer. “It was I think you’re brilliant and amazing but I feel like the love of my life died yesterday so I hate myself for feeling this way sex,” he says finally, and despite himself, Bucky snorts.
When they finally find themselves in front of Tony’s glass workshop, Steve’s heart plummets. The lab is dark with the black out screens of a lock down, and Bucky sucks in a sharp breath beside him.
it back on? No, Rogers, I cannot just
The Soldier suddenly sinks to the floor and pats next to him, staring straight ahead. Tony is wearing a very expensive suit that was tailored just for him, by one of the best tailors in all of New York. To ruin it on dirty alley walls by sliding down them, what a waste. Yet he still finds himself doing that very thing not two seconds later, leaving an inch of space between them.
He’s not completely sure, but he thinks he and Steve used to see them before and during the war, luxury cars that had a price tag higher than Bucky could count. Steve and him would always point out the rarely seen cars when they did catch a glimpse, nudging each other and grinning.
Bucky watches quietly as Tony rambles on about stuffed animals and the painting that has already been done, the rocking chair he’s rigged (
“Anything for you, darling,” he replies, and Bucky thinks,
She looks like she’s going to say something defiant, or at the very least ignore him and stay silent, but she appears to lose a battle with herself as her eyes go flat and a quiet, “Eva,” comes out of her mouth.
allowing you anywhere
Tony shakes it and appreciates the firm grip before leaning back against the wall, letting the doctor direct him through a basic check-up. He’s peering into Tony’s ears when he asks if there’s anything that’s been going on.
(See the end of the chapter for
Three weeks is not a lot of time, and Tony plans to make himself busy enough that he’s not able to spend much time with any of them. His new pet project is a nursery. It’s his wonderful, awful, amazing idea, and he’s thrown himself into it headfirst. He’s going to transform the guest room on his floor, and although the thought of it is daunting, the rest of the Avengers seem all too pleased to help.
“Seriously, Tony? Look at the rest of them. A paisley rhino named Tank, a blue and orange octopus named Pebbles, an offensively colored duck named Quacakers, and a yellow and red sloth named
It’s all he hoped would come out of Bucky’s mouth, the exact words he was subconsciously pushing for earlier, but as he considers saying yes, telling Bucky that yes, he cannot be with Steve, and yes, he needs to be Tony’s, and only his, his mouth begins to taste like ash.
“Bucky, this isn’t your baby, you know.”
Tony flies over to where the quinjet is and lands next to Natasha. Steve is scrubbing a hand through his hair, tugging on the strands. He looks exhausted, but his voice is strong when he asks, “What should we do, Bruce?”
“He doesn’t
“No, Steve,” he whispers, and holds back his own tears, looking into Steve’s eyes that have turned wild with his demons. “We need help.”
Rhodey grimaces as the food in Tony’s mouth is shown, but nods slowly. “‘M just here for the airplanes,” he says, making sure he’s swallowed all of his food before he speaks, unlike some heathens.
“Okay, Buckeroo,” Tony says loudly. “Sit still and let JARVIS work his magic. I’m serious. Don’t move.”
The thought made a shudder run through his frame and spurred a wave of anger to wash over him. He stops his relentless rhythm to pull out almost all the way before
. He fucking
Steve catches Bucky’s eye, and can’t help but burst into laughter again. Bucky rolls his eyes and pushes himself up until he’s in a sitting position, gazing down sternly at Steve. “You brought this upon yourself,” he says, unable to stop the corner of his mouth from twitching as Steve looks at him pitifully.
Dr Matty was already given all the information on the serum and Bucky’s unique situation with the whole brainwash thing, and she asks some questions that she wouldn’t ask a normal person with IED.
Then there’s the scent of spicy cologne at his left shoulder, and Tony’s head is there, a mess of black curls settling in the place where Bucky’s shoulder curves into Steve’s chest. He sighs happily, and Bucky awkwardly removes an arm to hug him, too, mindful of the baby bump Tony’s keeping facing away from them.
, and everything is
“What
Bucky knows he should leave it. He really should. It’s none of his business. However, there are still some questions he needs answered. “Then
Many moons have passed, the seasons scrambling on their tails like dogs running after a mail truck, leaving behind the memories of fiery leaves and cold frozen water and rains and sunshine.
Bucky freezes his feverish flipping through the pages and stares at one, taking in every detail hungrily. It’s a simple portrait of Tony leaning against a countertop casually, in a
“Us scientific folk prefer the term ‘motorcycle’, but yes, I made you the damn thing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
For the last few minutes, however, he’s been watching Tony. Tony, whose hands are moving slower than usual, whose eyes are so sunken in and practically dripping with purple bags, who keeps shifting half-heartedly every couple of minutes, as if his back was in pain.
“There’s something you might have forgotten to mention,” he tells Tony carefully, and he can almost smell the confusion, it’s so palpable.
he was so lonely. Yanking Bucky away so soon after Steve had gotten him back? That would be absolutely devastating for Steve, and Lord knows he’d only try to bottle it up again.
“Tried to kill me?”
He also tries not to think about Bucky falling, something that is also his fault. Waking up in the hotel bed, alone, without Bucky because he had let his friend die, makes him throw up to think about. Not only that, because when he had woken up in that godforsaken bed with the fluorescent lighting in the ceiling and the radio in the corner, but he’d also been disappointed, because surely this wasn’t heaven, and dammit, he’d
“What you’ve always done. Kept your head high and followed through.”
Tony takes a moment to unravel that statement. “Of… me? Bucky?” He turns to Bucky, who winces. “Were you…? Did you two…?”
Bucky follows his best friend–former best friend?–to the small space connected to the bedroom, where there’s a couch and a chair. Steve gestures at the couch, wordlessly telling Bucky to sit down, and Bucky obeys.
“Nah, you’d never hurt me, darlin’,” Tony says and gives him a crooked grin, one that he knows looks sexy as hell.
He’s startled when the first chuckle comes, but then there’s another, and another, and soon it’s all he can do to stop himself from pitching forwards onto the cold, unforgiving floor and curling up in foetal position. Bucky’s gone, just… gone.
“I wasn’t here,” Barnes growls and stalks out.
There. There’s the Winter Soldier. Right outside of his workshop. He startles to his feet, ordering JARVIS to open the door.
“Foam?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers, and Bucky jerks, as if struck.
“Then why are you here?” Tony asks flatly, and Steve’s jaw works once, twice, obviously chewing on words he’s debating whether or not to spit out. He doesn’t, though,and the fight bleeds out of him on one big exhale, his shoulders curving in on his frame and his head hanging a bit.
them to be, right now? He hasn’t a fucking clue.
Tony grinds his teeth together. “Who the fuck told you?” he demands, and Bucky fights the urge to shrink back.
Bucky doing? Just yanking his cock? That didn’t seem very comfortable.
“It’s a temporary form of IED,” she explains. “It took what? A year to be triggered? That’ll probably be the amount of time it takes the heal again. I’m sorry, but I really can’t offer you much beyond that.”
be creative with it (make it a weird color or give it a unicorn horn or wings or something) and give me a response, or dont. It's totally your call, and I know no ones going to probably do it, but the offer's open!
t-shirt and jeans, looking over at someone with a small smile. It’s a position Bucky has seen him in multiple times, and it just
No, the only thing that changed was in Steve’s own head. Something twisted sharply and fixed itself or maybe tore apart in Steve’s brain, something that made him reel in Tony the first chance he got like a caught fish on a line. He isn’t sure if it’s a good thing or not; all he knows is he couldn’t help himself when he saw Tony standing there, protective hand on his swollen belly, hair looking adorably soft and mussed from the morning winds, a slight air of apprehension around him that Steve knew wasn’t for the coming home of Sam or even Bucky, but for
He walks a couple of blocks, and he notices that he seems to be gathering a lot of attention. Passerby, particularly women, are staring at him, and even some men. He burrows his metal hand in his coat pocket even further, trying to hide it from the hungry gazes. The fact that he’s working with the Avengers isn’t very widely advertised, or advertised at all, period, but people sometimes recognize him. Only if they see a metal arm, though.
“Sorry, Buck,” Steve tells him, laughing as Bucky flips him off.
Bucky got that now, he got what he hadn’t then. He scrubs a hand over his face. God, he had been such an ass.
But then again, these were his private sketchbooks and no one had ever seen them, something he planned to keep that way (at least for the *cough* sensitive ones). Still, it was with gritted teeth that he tentatively started the drawing, the details flowing from his memory to the page effortlessly, pathetically.
So he lets himself kiss Steve as hard as he wants, as if he’s trying to make up for lost time. It starts on the rough side of sweet, and ends with Bucky licking into Steve’s mouth desperately, pushing Steve back onto the bed while his metal hand flesh hand pins his shoulders to sheets and his flesh hand snakes between their bodies.
As he got more confident and began to see it as less of a forced activity and more an enjoyable one, he even brought his yellow one to the breakfast table and drew calmly while Bruce made breakfast, although he very carefully placed himself in the corner away from everybody else, his back angled to the wall so they couldn’t see what he was doing. Clint asked to see a couple of times, and Steve could tell Bucky wanted to, but he never did, which Steve was grateful for. Clint just eventually stopped asking.
“Now I know what you jerk off too,” he smirks, and a startled laugh is ripped from Tony.
“I think he’s just fucking with you at this point,” Bucky says, and Tony rolls his eyes.
Tony throws his sandwich on the table and walks as fast as he can to the elevator, cursing his aching back and hips the whole way. He tells Jarvis speed up the journey, arriving at Steve’s floor with his heart beating a tattoo against his ribcage. Oh, fuck, he shouldn’t have left Steve alone. Steve hadn’t come down because Tony needed food and water and sleep (though Tony did), he’d come because he’d needed companionment and he’d been too afraid to ask for it.
So much for being lucky.
Clint’s jaw has full-on dropped, and Bruce is looking a little green around the gills, literally. Thor looks slightly disapproving, Sam is very, very confused, and Natasha is, as always, completely unreadable, but he thinks he doesn’t imagine the minuscule furrow of her eyebrows that means she’s calculating something. He’s not scared. He isn’t.
“What did he do to you?”
“Why don’t you show me how much?” Bucky asks Tony, his mouth leaking hot breath into the shell of the other man’s ear.
Bucky’s been relocated to another floor, he remembers Bruce telling him, so that he and Steve can have some semblance of space between them. He walks there a little nervously, clenching and unclenching his jaw periodically, until he gets to the floor and finds Bucky leaning against the elevator.
“Stop,” Steve snaps. “Stop looking at… at… something you shouldn’t,” he finishes somewhat lamely.
Steve nods. “Okay,” he whispers, and clears his throat slightly. “Just so you know, I’m going to therapy now, and I’m on medication. I’m getting help, and Bucky is too, and I won’t let any harm come to her, I promise.”
“Tony?”
He can feel the slight thrust of Steve against his thigh, and unmistakable pride runs through him at the thought that
you, and last I checked, doll, you like me right back. Steve isn’t going to get in between us,” he says firmly. Tony is still worried, but he can’t find it in him to do anything but nod, keeping his eyes on Bucky.
also, at the end of this chapter, Tony is about 25 weeks along!
Every time a bit of plaster is pulled deep from Steve’s flesh, the man flinches and lets out a hoarse yell, Bucky wincing along with him. He keeps steady, however. His one job is to make sure Steve doesn’t move and, goddammit, if that’s how he’s going to help Steve, then he’ll make sure the man will never fucking get up again.
Bucky sets to waking up the other man by lightly rubbing his metal hand up and down his back, his other hand still wrapped tightly around his middle to keep him from slipping to the floor. Tony wakes slowly, his eyelids fluttering slightly, before he yawns and tries to burrow into Bucky’s chest, hiding his face from sight.
Tony gently pulls his now faintly trembling hand from Bucky’s grasp and brings it up to cup the side of Bucky’s jaw, cradling it softly. Bucky’s breath hitches and he meets Tony halfway, ducking his head while Tony tilts his up, their lips meeting.
“Thank you,” he mutters.
Taking further inventory of himself and his surroundings reveals that there are two windows, although Bucky can only see the one across from him as he’s leaning against the other. They’re maybe the size of his torso, and Bucky feels like there’s something about this that’s important, but his gaze drifts to the several boxes scattered around the vehicle back with Bucky, all of them labeled with a company name that, if Bucky remembers correctly, makes shoes. He vows to investigate later, but the thought of doing anything more than attempting to sit up makes him want to curl up even further.
“Have you been sexually active recently?”
Bucky rumbles.
“And that’s why you’ve been avoiding him,” Sam says, nonplussed.
to try this.
Tony knows what makes it better. Having another person sleep next to him. But like hell he’s going to tell Bucky that.
“You heard me,” he sighs.
“Yes, actually, if you would visit me around, oh,” Tony feigns checking a watch on his left hand, “five this evening?”
“There’s nothing to really miss him from. We were never friends,” Steve mumbles, crossing his arms over his bare chest. “I’ll do it, Bucky, because you’re right, I can do better, but it’s not for him, alright? It’s for her.”
So he walks shyly up to the woman, steeling himself against a wave of crippling nervousness that nearly makes him turn away, and taps her shoulder, trying to soften his features a bit; Tony’s told him on several occasions that he can come across as a bit intimidating. The woman turns and smiles kindly. She’s got to about sixty and looks like she’s whatever ethnicity the majority of the people here seem to be.
I remember asking myself,
“I think so,” Natasha says, panting a little.
Tony closes his eyes and lets his head fall back against the wall with a quiet thump. “Yes,” he says quietly.
He needn’t have wondered, though. The door swings open on the second knock and then keeps swinging until it’s all the way open and the only thing Bucky can see is the broad body of Steve Rogers.
The halls are dimly lit and he moves through them quickly, trusting his internal map of the place to get him to his destination safely. One thing he doesn’t anticipate, however, is the other person at the end of the hall.
A couple minutes later finds Bucky collapsed on the bedspread with Steve lying on top of him, Bucky groaning about how fat Steve is getting. Steve just grins dopily and rolls off of him with an “oof”.
“God, I really messed up,” he says in a rush, and sits down heavily on the floor, his back pressed against the wall.
That thought saddens him slightly, and he suddenly wants to promise Tony that he’ll never, ever, for as long as he lives, hold the perfect little girl he’s bringing to the world. He wants to promise that his hands, hands that have caused nothing but destruction for as long as he’s had them, will never touch a creature so pure. He doesn’t though, because neither of them need that said out loud right now.
He leans down, craning his neck, and bites the wires with his teeth, severing them. They snap easily and Bucky rolls over onto his back, leaving the arm on the floor a couple inches away from him as he breathes heavily.
Barnes pulls Tony’s own chair out for him to sit in numbly and leans against the wall himself, arms crossed over his chest. He looks the perfect imposing figure, muscles flexing slightly over his abdomen, dark hair framing his face. His mouth is drawn in a thin line, and his features are cold, unreadable.
Finally, they release him. He has about a million and one different pieces of paper, with mental exercises to do and step-by-step meditation, instructions for his antidepressants, phone numbers to call if he gets a little too close to the edge, actions to do to motivate himself, a therapy schedule that lists sessions as twice a week, and every scrap of information possible on c-PTSD and depression. To say it’s a lot would be an understatement.
“Love you,” he says, and pecks Tony’s cheek.
“Iron Man? Why do we have a private connection? This is not the time for jokes,” Steve snaps, and Tony can see him a couple of hundred feet away, slamming two doombots together. Tony takes a moment to appreciate how his arm muscles bunch up as he does so, and nearly forgets to answer.
“You better be, Punk,” Bucky growls. “
Sorry it's a little late, but I'm still updating every Tuesday, just like I said I would. I hope you guys liked it! Kudos will be appreciated immensely and comments will be replied to, because I'm getting lonely at home :,(
Tony huffs. “Yeah, okay, fine. Your crappy military plane is safe from me.”
To that, Bucky smiles back, moving his metal hand from where it had been on the small of his back to the side of Tony’s face, then extending his thumb to gently rub the curve of Tony’s cheekbone. “You’re real’ pretty, you know that?” he rasps and watches in quiet delight as a light flush spreads over Tony’s cheeks, warming the skin under his metal hand.
Tony grinned up at him, accepting the hand. “Got tired of talking about your feelings, Platypus?” he teases.
The only response is Steve pulling out and slamming back in, forcing a sharp gasp from Tony, his mouth falling open in pleasure. After that, Steve set a brutal and punishing pace, thrusting hard and fast, seemingly not caring about the person he’s pistoning in. His fingers are going to leave bruises in Tony’s thighs, he knows they are, but he can’t loosen his grip, can’t readjust them.
He manages it, however, and turns around smiling. “Buck,” he breathes. “You look great!”
“I’m always a menace,” he retorts, sniffing in mock disdain.
(See the end of the chapter for
.” he continues, and frustration is laced throughout his tone. “But something clicked the other day, a sort of feeling, instead of a memory. It just hit me, all of the sudden, how much I used to love him. And just… just watching him try to end it all because I wasn’t there for him… it was too much for me, too.”
“I missed you, too,” Steve says, smiling slightly, and threads his hand quickly through Bucky’s to squeeze it briefly before pulling away and taking a deep breath.
A swell of relief washes over Tony because thank goodness it’s the night. Otherwise, there’d be people in the cars, and he really didn’t want to test the corrosiveness of the white goo.
Tony ponders it for a moment. “Depends. You offering?” He winks.
“I love you,” he murmurs, and Tony almost glows with happiness. Bucky had finally confronted the other man about it, and when Tony had nervously but stubbornly told Bucky that he loved him and if he had a problem with it he should get a move on, Bucky had positively melted. They said it a few times a week, each one tentative and new but genuine.
“You’re fine, Steve, right? So you won’t mind me tearing this out, then,” Bucky snarls, and rips the page out violently, delighting in the sound that’s torn from the splitting of the page and the spine of the book. The ugly beast of rage rears his head from somewhere deep in Bucky, rendering him helpless to do anything but continue to wrench the page apart, yanking and yanking until pieces of creamy paper are drifting to the floor and there’s nothing but still silence.
Lots of circular conversations, this is my worst work yet
And this? This is new, this is nice, this is
In short, he was worrying about other things than calling his boyfriends. Now, however, it was the only thing on the forefront of his mind.
Steve’s smile falters, and too late Bucky realizes he shouldn’t have said that. Open mouth, insert foot. It would certainly be a better thing to have in his mouth than the words he just uttered.
“No. No kidding. I’m fifteen weeks along.”
“I think we have,” Tony says. “Capsicle?”
“I got you,” Steve murmurs worriedly. “We’re gonna get you to Tony, okay?”
He goes to the bathroom and takes the test. He goes back. He sits down. He hands the test to the doctor. He folds his hands neatly and waits for the doctor’s verdict.
“I’m fine, Pepper, I’m fine,” he laughs. “Really, Nat’s been taking care of me and the rest of the team seems happy enough. You stay in California, I don’t want to make things difficult for you.”
He turns back around, subtly moving his arms over his chest to hide his scarring, and feels his jaw go slack a little when he turns around because Steve?
They–and by they, Bucky means Tony–put them on the same floor, and he appreciates the closeness. Right now, Steve is about the only person he feels safe with besides Tony, and he isn’t sure what he would do without him in this strange new world.
“Traitor,” Tony mutters, but stubbornly goes back to the screen in his lap, clenching his jaw when he finds the screen black. “Jarvis, give me back my electronics.”
“You know,” Steve mumbles.
“Oh?” Bucky’s eyebrow raises. “Have you now? A sex doll doesn’t count, you know.”
“And the door is…” Steve removes the hand and reaches around him, searching out the end. His palm thuds dully against the wall. “Here we go.”
“Aw come on,” Tony says. “It looks harmless to me.”
From what Bucky’s picked up, Tony doesn’t trust easily. Yet time and time again Bucky’s seen small moments of it in their interactions, like when Tony took his suit off in that courtyard so Bucky didn’t get hurt by his own bullets, or the time he waited in the alley for Bucky to return, without any doubt that he would.
The book is unfinished, but the scenes that
“Quackers,” Tony corrects, with a frown. “It is the sound the Midgard animal makes. Quack Quack.”
Tony frowns. “Should I be worried?”
Steve takes a step forward, crowding Tony’s space the tiniest bit more. Unconsciously, he takes a step back, his back hitting the cold ceramic tiles of the white room as he encounters the wall.
Steve furrows his eyebrows, examining the map intently. The color drains from his face as understanding suddenly dawns on him. That’s in Brooklyn,” he says, his voice strangled.
, behind the school building.
Rhodey throws his hands up in the air and rolls his eyes. “We’re going in circles here, Rogers. Give me a fucking answer if you want a chance at any semblance of a friendship with Tony.”
It’s been a couple of days since Bucky went and got Tony his lemons, and a month since he Opened the Sketchbook. It’s been one month too many, but Bucky’s glad for it. It’s given him time to think. To mull over where everything went to shit. He thinks he’s got it, now. He thinks he understands.
Lori & ValeriaRichardStark - flerken/red cat named chili
“I don’t–” Steve says jerkily, “You don’t… understand,” he finishes, the frustration he’s feeling evident in his voice.
“She did a good job,” he mutters, and Bucky can’t stop himself from blurting out, “you think you could have done better?”
Tony feigns being offended. “What? I can’t just sit next to my favorite Capsicle anymore?”
“Would you really?”
The boys get some help, they talk
Tony sucks in a sharp breath and ponders the question. Who is he, indeed? “A good man,” he says finally, through his teeth.
He scrambles to come up with something to say, anything to cover the tidal wave of emotion threatening to burst out from his chest, to compose his facial expression, but he must have missed it by a mile based on the way Tony’s own face scrunches up in regret. It’s almost from another room that Bucky hears himself say, “It’s Steve’s though.”
Thank you for joining or coming back <3 <3
(See the end of the chapter for
“You knew they were gone, but I was here,” Tony says, wondering if he got slipped something, and that’s why he threw up.
them?” he asks, and Tony looks over sheepishly.
“I know,” Tony mumbles back into Bucky’s chest.
“That motherfucker.”
Then, there’s a muffled thump as the rest of the book hits the floor.
“No. I’m not in love with him. I never was.” Steve’s voice doesn’t waver a single bit, and Bucky can’t help but be grudgingly impressed.
After talking to Pepper, Rhodey seems more manageable, but it’s still with caution that he presses the tiny green button on his phone and lifts it to his ear.
a need, not a want. He wonders when Bucky started holding this place in his heart. “–but there’s nothing we can do right now, so please just take a break, in
Tony burrows deeper into Bucky’s warmth, whispering a quiet, “later.”
He startles when the hand is removed, then widens his eyes when warm, wet heat replaces the cool slide of metal, enveloping his cock. “Bucky,” he chokes out at the sight that greets him when he looks down and grips the edge of the table with a white-knuckled hand, steadying himself against a new wave of pleasure.
Tony kisses him back enthusiastically, because yes, this feels right, this feels good, this is what he
Bucky’s not sure of the specifics, but somehow he finally gets Steve’s cock free around the same time Steve pulls out Bucky’s, and then it turns into a race of trying to get the other one off faster.
He imagined the first time he truly saw the man beneath the mask was throwing up in an alley, however unpleasant the experience was. There was something in that hand, in the way Barnes had patiently rubbed his back, that just screamed “empathy”. And then he’d gone into a crowded shop full of people which must have been stressful as hell, just to get Tony a little cup of water to rinse out his mouth with.
“Okay.” Tony should have known. Of course, he wouldn’t go alone. Of course, he wouldn’t ask Tony. Who would?
now lying on the floor; he’s read it three times already and is utterly fascinated with the It.
, and you’re just okay with that?” Rhodey shakes his head. “A stretch, even for you, Tony,” he says, and Tony’s shocked into silence.
Bucky obediently takes a seat, and notices Steve again, who’s moved from directly in front of him to the side of the couch, hovering awkwardly as if he doesn’t know whether he’s welcome or not. Bucky wonders about that, wonders what happened between them.
“I don’t know,” he mutters, turning on his heel and making it to the glass workshop door before turning slightly on the threshold and looking back. “Just get some sleep,” he says, and leaves Tony sitting in his workshop, feeling oddly bereft of something.
” he cries, and he’s sobbing so hard now it’s difficult to see, and guilt is clouding his vision because
Tony laughs breathlessly, but then cuts himself off with a low moan when Bucky starts undoing his pants single-handedly. His flesh hand strokes Tony’s thigh softly while his metal pushes aside fabric and buttons and zippers.
Steve doesn’t say anything, but his shoulders suddenly hitch with a small, keening whine, and Tony’s resolve breaks. “Hey, hey,” he murmurs, dragging himself over to Steve. He nudges the other man’s thighs open gently and awkwardly hops over to sit between them, carefully resting his back against Steve’s firm chest.
His savior to that particular problem is Bruce, who notices the bump and how Tony keeps tugging at and adjusting his shirt. The very next day he gives him a stack of shirts, saying “these are getting a bit too small. Maybe you can donate them?” Tony had accepted the pile with a quick kiss on the cheek for Bruce, before going and changing. The shirts also had the added advantage of smelling familiar and comfortable and being very soft to provide as little irritation as possible for the Other Guy. Sometimes an itchy tag or coarse fabric on top of a bad day can be all it takes.
Bucky nods, slowly. He tries to stop his mouth from opening and spilling out the words resting on his tongue, but they do, anyway. “I remembered how scared I’d be coming home every day, wondering if you’d finally coughed up that lung,” he says, staring down at his food instead of at the all too understanding eyes of Steve Rogers.
Steve wakes up alone, as usual. He gets up and turns right back around to make his bed, before crossing the room to a chair in the corner, where a stack of clothing is already picked and laid out.
Tony nods a little, anticipation forming in his gut.
As Tony leads a grinning Bucky by the hand to the draped blue fabric. He can feel the insecure statements building up behind his lips, ready to bubble out in choruses of
“Hello,” he says, just as awkwardly, just as politely.
all right.
also, I will be updating the entire summary!
He kneads Steve more firmly through his underwear –briefs, sweet Jesus– and Bucky can’t tell if it’s the nickname or the manhandling or they way he’s literally tracing the shape of the other man’s cock through his clothing, but Steve throws his head back like he’s riding Bucky and
Tony raises his eyebrows when he sees Bucky the next morning.
Bucky’s jaw dropped. “You’ve finished it already? It’s been two weeks!”
“I have to watch you two be happy together, Bucky, the two men I would do anything for, every. Fucking. Day. You think that’s not destroying me?” Steve asks and whirls around from where he’d been pacing to pin Bucky with glassy eyes. “Fuck you, Barnes,” he spits. “I was
Steve’s stomach drops out of his stomach so fast there might as well have been several twenty-pound weights attached to it. “You–”
“Ah, shit,” Bucky swears, and tries the door handle. To his surprise, it’s open, so he creeps forwards uncertainly, noticing at once how none of the lights are on.
Nothing has changed here, that’s obvious enough. Sure, Tony and the rest of the team now know of his pregnancy, but Steve already knew. For him, this isn't news at all.
One of the sketches looks a little different than the others, however. He can see the rounded edge of something drawn on the page poking out beneath another paper, and he tugs it out from underneath. It’s of the Captain America suit, and instead of calculations scribbled all over it like the other, blockier schematics, measurements and costs are written in dark columns down the sides.
Tony takes his statement and runs with it, wisely not saying anything about Bucky’s brief lapse of composure. “That’s true,” he agrees, then sighs, rubbing his belly.
“Fine,” Steve mumbles, and when Tony doesn’t reply, he sighs heavily, sending a puff of warm air over Tony’s collarbone. “Not great,” he mutters.
In hindsight, he should have thought things through. He should have realized that by leaving he was possibly losing any sort of custody over the baby he might have had.
Tony is selfish, but not this selfish.
This morning, he decides that he’s going to go after the Soldier himself. The Avengers are out on a mission and for the first time in two weeks, he hasn’t thrown up in the morning. The faint feeling of nausea is with him, but he doesn’t feel the active need to throw up. He must be particularly lucky that day.
He swoops in but doesn’t go immediately for the aforementioned weak spots. Instead, he flies straight into the metal knees of the robot, his arms coming up to push at the joints with all his might. His muscles are straining even through the suit, and he sends more power to the repulsors in his boots until he hears an ominous creaking.
In the comics, they’d always painted Bucky Barnes to be some sort of sidekick to Captain America, the best friend who tagged along.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve swallows. “He won’t want me painting in – in his daughter’s room,” he chokes out, and Bucky almost flinches, but manages to recover himself.
per se, but not telling the whole truth so, uh–”
Maybe it was the way that people were so quick to place him second to Steve, or maybe it was how he was a genius with a gun and a natural flirt, but Tony sometimes felt that Bucky reminded him a lot of… him. Tony had realized at a young age that pretending you were confident was the best way to hide insecurities, and he’d never quite stopped pretending.
Bucky pokes uncomfortably at his food with his fork, knowing this is the moment to do it. “I, uh, I’m sorry for pushing you. That night, I mean.”
The pants, for one. He orders several pairs of bottoms made specifically for pregnant people, which are low-rise pants with a flap that goes over the belly. Tony expects to feel very silly in them and will most definitely be hiding their existence from Bucky on the becoming increasingly rare conditions of them having sex. It’s not that he wants screwing to become rare, it’s just that trying to have a good time with a watermelon in between them is quite the struggle. There’s always the option of hitting it from behind of course, but with Tony’s back and hips, it’s just getting harder and harder… Tony shakes his head, forcing his mind back onto the website he was buying the pants from, firmly clicking the “buy” button.
Tony stares at it dumbly. “A pregnancy test?” he finally asks.
“Not sure. Probably,” Tony admits. He can practically hear the Soldier choosing his next words carefully.
He knows he’s still in the Tower, of course, but Steve seems to be avoiding Bucky: entering the gym immediately after Bucky leaves, suiting up and being the first on the quinjet to avoid Bucky wishing the rest of them farewell on the landing pad before missions, and spending all his free time in his room, presumably making more art.
was next, and he was a little apprehensive about it, but he trusted Natasha.
This is one of the worst things that could have ever happened to Steve. He’s fragile, still recovering from keeping his emotions bottled up and not letting them out, and losing one of the people that was the part of the cause for the whole mess in the person….
Bucky takes a minute to answer, chewing a mouthful of food thoughtfully, and Steve lets him, trusting him to eventually spit it out. “I remembered something else,” he says at last. “Earlier.”
“Tasha, he knows something.”
Bucky thinks he liked cars, back then.
Tony’s head shoots up, and his welding goggles almost fall off. “You did? Thanks!”
He’s been joined by a throng of people, now, and though the crowded hallways make his heart stutter in his chest, it’s a hell of a lot better than the train car, with people’s immediate attention on him. Even so, he throws away the tin foil wrapper in the first bin he sees and ducks his head down, keeping his profile unsuspicious and unassuming. It’s times like this that he fucking loves his long hair.
Oh, what he does when he’s in love.
He’s standing straighter than ever, all hard muscle and sweeping lines and shadows, and Tony’s hand, for the first time in his life, itches for a pencil and sketchbook. This man deserves to be drawn. As beautiful as that all is, however, Tony can’t stop his eyes from dipping lower to sneak another peek at, Jesus, what must be ten or eleven–
. “Tell me how he got these injuries.”
There’s Dr Erskine, lying dead on the floor. Then Bucky, falling off the train, his face twisted in horror and fright as his hand slowly slips from Steve’s grasp, the pure fear in his eyes as they lock onto Steve’s, pleading for something Steve can’t give him. There’s his mother, sick, coughing up blood as she clings to a life that won’t hold. Then there’s Peggy, old and withered in her casket, quite literally a ghost of the woman Steve once knew.
Bucky tosses a red panda with sparkly translucent wings over his shoulder, and Tony catches it neatly, letting out a breath in a whistle. “She’s going to
“And don’t I know it,” Bucky sighs dreamily, and thinks of that one day he went nearly four rounds with Tony before his dick had admitted defeat and Tony had complained about wanting to walk the next day.
, to me, and you don’t, you don’t even
Steve continues meeting his eyes but stays silent.
He pulls away from Bucky at nearly the same time the other man tries to, a frown on his face, seemingly ignoring the other man in front of him. One of his hands goes to his stomach and he rubs it, his eyebrows scrunching adorably, before they suddenly shoot up and his eyes widen.
“I wanted to start by apologizing,” Bucky says softly. “I shouldn’t have torn your drawing – hell, I shouldn’t have opened the damn sketchbook in the first place – and I’m sorry.”
He’s sorry, so sorry, but it all comes back to the same thing: Tony Stark has been, and always will be, the one thing that can truly break Steve Roger’s resolve.
side of the story?” Rhodey asks, and watches as Steve shivers bodily, before fixing his eyes to Rhodey’s temple, almost but not quite meeting his eyes, a tiny detail that does not escape Rhodey’s notice.
you remember?” Tony asks, and drags his eyes up from the safety of his knees, peeking through his elbows.
But he wants to, because it’s just hit him:
“I – I tried to die too, tried to save everyone, tried to save
While Steve orders and waits for their food inside, Bucky can feel some curious stares poking in to him like hot needles. Of course, they were curious, he was just seen with Captain America, but he wishes they wouldn’t be so obvious. He edges closer to the front wall of the establishment, leaning against it, and shakes his hair loose from where it’s tucked behind his ears to sweep across his face, hiding his features.
“Yes,” she snarks back, and Tony grins.
V & littleonevixen - blue octopus
He’s completely sure when Bucky softly says, “Steve, when did you fall in love with us?”
When the door finally hisses shut, however, and Bucky looks at Tony, he can see tension he didn’t notice earlier dissipating, rolling off him in waves. Tony flashes a quick grin at him, one that says
,” he says with feeling, looking at the white shards while running his hands through his hair.
Tony snorts. “I’m surprised it took you guys this long to confront me about it,” he confesses.
“How’s the baby doing?” Bucky asks conversationally, and Tony grimaces, holding up the hot pack he had pressed to his hip.
Surely he has other hobbies, right?
It can’t be. But it
In other news, the update for next week might be a little spotty, so be just be prepared for the possibility for chapter 7 being posted a Tuesday late, along with chapter 8! This is also a good chapter to stop at if you don't want the see the stuckony start forming, however lopsided it will be at first.
Tony sits down in the rocking chair, clearly exhausted. Bucky notices that he keeps shifting, and Bucky wonders if his back is hurting. He looks down at his hand, wrapped around the handle of the paint roller, and thinks maybe later he could try to give him a massage, single-handed though it may be.
Dozens of little buzzing drones are flying around, their movements jerky and uncoordinated as they travel in loose formation. White liquid is dropping from their underbellies, dripping it all over the highway and parked cars as they meander along. It’s soupy and thick, like cream of mushroom, and doesn’t seem to be doing anything.
“Why.” It’s not phrased as a question, but Tony can hear it anyway. He wants to know why he would ever want to talk to Tony.
“Override lockdown, J,” he says, and with a quiet hiss the glass doors slide open, revealing the workshop, brightly lit in some areas, cloaked in shadows in others.
“What was what?” Steve asks, not turning around as he painstakingly smooths out the wrinkles in one sleeve.
. You can’t make this shit up.”
And now, it isn’t really Steve that doesn’t like Tony, either. He loves him, enough to respect the boundaries Tony’s set up. It’s got to be killing him, though, being so far from his daughter. He hasn’t said it explicitly, but Tony would put down money for the lack of closeness with his unborn baby being one of the factoring reasons for Steve’s breakdowns, which, oh God, was over Bucky and Tony leaving him...
“James Buchanan Barnes, actually.”
Steve swallowed. “I–” he licks his lips, an imitation of Bucky’s earlier gesture. “What were you
“I couldn’t get out of bed. Nothing to live for.”
He’s exhausted, and all he wants is to go to his bed and sleep. He hides his face in her shoulder and thinks about it for a long time. “I don’t know,” he finally answers, a blatant lie to both their ears. She doesn’t call him on it, however, and just pulls him closer to her, wrapping her arms around her tighter.
He looks like he just needs some sleep. But, he knows better than anyone that this can be difficult. Hence, the question he just asked.
When he forces himself to come back to the present before something unfortunate happens downstairs, he’s met by the sight of Bucky shaking in silent laughter. “Oh, fuck you,” Tony grumbles. “You can’t just drop that on a guy, Barnes. Warn a bloke.”
” Bucky hisses.
He did notice when Steve’s chair skidded back on it’s legs, pushed out carelessly by the man who had just been sitting in it. Doubt filled as Steve stalked towards Bucky and the other man looked up, his eyes quickly turning… fearful?
“It wasn’t,” Tony sighs, “but I still love you anyway.”
Steve swallows hard. “Won’t he be mad? Shouldn’t we ask?”
last night?”
He turns to see a haggard-looking Tony yawning as he enters the kitchen, one hand brought up to hide his gaping mouth.
The worst part, the part that made Steve break down later in his room and sob until the tears wouldn’t come, was that the whole time Steve was fucking Tony he didn’t think about Bucky at all.
Tony accepts the water gratefully and turns around to rinse his mouth, spatting against the stone wall. “Thank you,” he rasps, touched by the gesture. The Soldier shrugs. Tony appreciates that he doesn’t ask.
He wants to be done with it all, he wants to scream and cry and run until he can’t stand anymore, he wants to hurl himself off of a cliff or into the fucking ocean again just to make the pain stop, but somehow, he gathers it together.
Tony raises an eyebrow. “Are we done here, Cap?”
Somehow, he knows it’s the wrong answer when Steve’s face shutters, and he suddenly looks
Jesus Christ. What did Steve do to this man?
“Why?” he challenges.
“Yeah, of course,” Tony tells him brightly. He grins a little. “That was a cool star you had.”
,” he sneers, and Steve’s eyes flash.
“JARVIS, status,” he barks into his helmet, already rising into the air.
my plane, Tony. It’s perfectly fine, thank you,” Rhodey interrupts.
“It is so,” Tony says, and his breath hitches when one of Bucky’s hands–his metal one, good God–slides up from his foot to his calf, lightly grasping the muscle.
At one point Bruce finishes, and both Steve and Bucky let out a breath they didn’t know they were holding. Steve slumps into Bucky’s grasp as the other man slowly shifts off him, and Bruce gently wraps his hands with white gauze, even though the freshly opened skin was already closing, the bright red blood clotting.
The Soldier pulls a face. Startled, Tony laughs.
“So serious,” Tony responds, and gestures to the floor more meaningfully until Bucky sighs and goes over, sitting down and pressing back into the couch cushion, settling himself between Tony’s legs.
“Mister Rogers’ vitals are steady, although he has not moved from one position for a while.”
It isn’t comfortable, not anymore, but Bucky couldn’t care less because they’re here, waiting for him, like he hoped. He breathes in deeply, and feels Steve nosing into his hair, stroking along his back with his left hand, but his right hand has disappeared and
Steve wipes his face hurriedly with big hands, staring at Tony warily. “What are you doing?” he asks, his voice creaking like a screen door in a hurricane.
“Are you in love with him?” Bucky demands, voice low and furious. He’s not sure how things escalated to this point, but here they are.
Steve looks away but doesn’t deny the claim, shadowy guilt written on his face.
The doctor goes to the cabinet and pulls out a thin cardboard box. “Can you go to the bathroom for me and take this?”
“You could say that,” he says through gritted teeth, and Tony looks up again, this time in alarm.
tell Steve, how is he supposed to phrase it?
Sam bites his lip but doesn’t answer. Tony snorts and walks out, taking a sip of his coffee.
Unfortunately, tracing them quickly was not quick enough, and Steve’s able to regain his breath enough to heave Bucky off of him and roll to the other side of the bed while he holds his sides and wipes away tears of mirth.
what you put Tony through?”
Rhodey shrug. “Air force,” he says as a way of explanation, and Tony grins, if possible, wider.
“Air support,” Steve answers after a moment of hesitation, it’s not actually a response, and he knows it. Tony was the only one who didn’t get a clear direction, and he can’t help but feel a little hurt by the clear implications of it.
So much fear.
“What? Why not?” Rhodey demands.
“Bucky,” he says, gently removing his arm from beneath Steve’s hand. “I love you, too.”
, but he’s not tired enough to straddle Steve and begin his own ambush.
The silence is awkward now, and Bucky doesn’t know how to fix it. He clears his throat.
He doesn’t bother looking in the mirror before he tramps down to the entrance where he’s meeting Steve, secretly pleased with the soft boots, because he genuinely doesn’t care. He figures that as long as his arm is covered and he’s comfortable, he’ll be fine.
Thor returns to Midgard the next day, laden down with his cloth-covered stuffing-filled animals, and his presentation of them to Bucky and the father-to-be goes something like this:
“Can I see your face? Just want to know who holds my life in their hands.”
“Well, there’s isn’t,” Tony snaps, finally at his end. “Now, will you please get out? I can’t focus when you’re just acting all harried in my peripheral vision.”
“It’s been healing nicely,” Tony murmurs, meeting Bucky’s eyes briefly before going back to running his fingers over the scarred remains of his left shoulder. “Well done.”
“You lose interest in
“Look,” Tony says, interrupting Bucky’s train of thought. He’s looking away, caged in by Bucky’s arms but avoiding eye contact. He clears his throat. “If you want to forget about… it… we totally can. I mean, if I was in your position I’d probably want to, you know?
He doesn’t even want to face himself, and the thought makes a quiet laugh bubble up within him, hysterical in all sense of the word.
“Did you
Steve pauses. Bucky waits. “That’s not very fair,” he says quietly.
because Steve’s kissing him, licking into his mouth with harsh, violent swipes of his tongue, sweeping the contours of his mouth.
. “Alright,” he finally says, shoulders uncharacteristically slumped as he turns back to the stove.
All Hydra did was force him to learn to compartmentalize pain, and not show it in his actions and features. With them, he’d get punished if he wasn’t able to, usually by making him endure more until he passed out, delirious with agony. They were fond of shooting him on the outside of his thigh, a place where it wouldn’t quite hinder his movement, but it would hurt like a
“Minimal cars and pedestrians, several small drones, and a kind of foam.”
He’s spent quite a bit of time thinking of himself, however, and what kind of father he’ll make. The thought used to terrify him, used to send him right over the edge and into a panic attack, but then his thoughts would switch to Bucky, sweet Bucky, who was a little rough around the edges and maybe made some rash decisions, but definitely a man who would make sure Tony never turned out to be the father Howard was.
“Be a part of her life in some form?” Tony asks, and carefully keeps his face emotionless. Steve nods quickly, a quick bob of his head, and Tony rolls the request around in his mind.
, and he doesn’t care how pathetic that is.
Neither of them is really feeling themselves at the moment.
Bucky has something he wants to say too, in the spirit of honesty, but mostly because he doesn’t want his boyfriend to find out from Steve. “I’m glad too, though I don’t think I, ah, handled it the best I could have.”
He had soothed that pit in his stomach a little, made it not feel so
Visions of the same man drawn in loving detail splashed across the colorful pages of a comic flash behind Tony’s eyelids, and he finds it impossible to take a full breath as he takes in the man himself.
He lifts his head to look, but before he can even fully take in the sight of the two most beautiful people in the world, he’s being hugged to within an inch of his life. A firm chest collides with him forcefully, large arms wrapping around him while hands just as big wrap themselves around his waist. Steve smells like dust and sweat and hard work, like he always has, and Bucky burrows further into the enclosure of the man’s arms with a dry sob.
” Tony manages to grind out, still reeling from the kiss. “You don’t get to kiss me, Rogers. You fucking left me–” he bites down on the words “and your child” viciously, not ready to let the rest of the team know. He thinks Thor and Natasha might, but it’s clear Steve knows, and he’s all that really matters in the grand scheme of things. “Get the fuck away from me,” he spits, and Steve stares at him, chest heaving, pain and horror written clear across his face.
“My side doesn’t matter,” Steve says firmly, and Rhodey is suddenly thinking of his conversation with Tony, when the other man had said nearly the same thing. Self-deprecating idiots, the lot of them.
Uh, so.
“Where is he?” Steve asks suddenly, urgently.
He remembers cheesecake now. He remembers how Barbara Allen wouldn’t let a single soul forget that her mother got her
also, i just felt the need to include more about the mental illness stuff, because i didn't want to just forget about it.
Tony thinks he could never get tired of that voice.
“Was it me?” he asks, hating how his voice almost cracks at the end.
The Soldier–Barnes–licks his lips and adjusts the towel around his waist. He nods his head towards the pile of clothing.
Below his left shoulder is just a chasm of black where his arm is supposed to be, and dammit, he knows he doesn’t have that arm, has known for seventy years, but he can really see the difference now, can really see what they did to him. The mangled bits of metal offer more proof of Hydra’s experimentation on him, and their desire to use him for their own purposes and nothing more.
(See the end of the chapter for
He would find himself stopping at a bench and just spending
“God you’re so good at that,” Tony says, and groans when Bucky reaches a hand down to grasp himself through his jeans. “Would you like me to take care of that for you, soldier?” he asks, smirking, and Bucky tries to laugh but gets cut off by his own moan.
He knows it won’t be long before Natasha kicks him off the team, but he can hardly think of that because he’s just got an idea. A wonderful, amazing, terrifying idea.
, all the time.
He already felt a little dirty from all the words he’d said to Tony, and then Steve. The Soldiers is screaming at him to just shut up and go curl in a corner, hold a loaded and cocked gun in front of him, and shoot anyone who tries to take him out of it.
He remembers the blinding agony of the serum tearing apart his frail body and making it new, of seeing Bucky for the first time after, taking in the widened eyes and dart of his tongue licking over his lips. Steve had fucked Bucky against a wall that night.
Bucky gasps, and sits up. “No, Steve, this wasn’t your fault.”
“It’s gone,” he breathes. “Just fucking gone…”
“No.”
as Bucky’s metal hand, his own creation…
He lurches away from her and backs away slowly, panic clear in his eyes. She watches him go, face unreadable, and doesn’t go after him. He’s grateful; this is something he needs to take care of himself.
depicted are more than enough. Just like Clint said once in response to refusing several new arrow proposals from Tony, only choosing two varieties:
how Tony had made him feel, too. Tony Stark had been like a breath of fresh air when he was drowning in a sea of unfamiliar sounds and sights and
“I think you know the answer to that, Stark,” he says, in an effort to sound civil, but Tony can hear how close he is to snapping.
That’s when it
He reaches what he thinks is the last picture, one of Bucky’s back as he walks away from Steve, going back to the war and
“He’s gone. Again.” Steve takes a shuddering breath and his arms tighten briefly. “I don’t… I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
Natasha scowls at him, but it’s Clint who has the first word. “Dude, what the fuck,” he says eloquently, and with feeling.
and the leftover pleasure he’d been forced to stop receiving. His sheets were thrown to the side carelessly, shirt rucked up above his abs that were, quite frankly, impressive for a boy his age, and pants yanked down to his thighs. One hand was frozen near his stomach, and the other was wrapped around…
Tony’s not sure if he’s completely on board with the whole sharing thing, but he’s spent enough of his life taking other people’s happiness and strangling it.
It’s quiet here, and he knows no one will bother him. He sits and rests his back against the dirty wall, breathing through his mouth to escape the unshakable stench of piss and vomit all alleyways seem to inevitably produce.
“If you want to break up with me, I’ll be heartbroken, but I’ll understand. I–” he clears his throat. “I just wanted you to know. Both of you.”
, but gets the cue and tears off Steve’s.
If these were tucked away, these memories of friendly nicknames, how many were there? Bucky could never identify the gaps in his memory, and yet, new ones seemed to emerge all the time. He can’t help but wonder,
“Have you behaved this way before these fights?” she asks, her British accent clipped as she peers over her spectacles at him. She’s half-indian with pretty caramel skin, and around thirty. Bucky thinks that if they were meeting under any different circumstances than these, they would have been good friends.
Then again, it was never Tony that didn’t like Steve. Tony’s loved him since the first time he saw the spangly man on the quinjet, standing up straight with his hands behind his back, nearly perfectly in parade rest, that stupid shield slung across his back. He was just so big and blond and perfect, and when he’d opened his mouth, revealing a sharp tongue that could strategize better than a chess master? Tony was already gone.
Steve’s fists are clenching at his sides, and Tony knows that fighting is the last thing either of them need right now. Still, there’s some sick, twisted part of Tony’s mind that is leaping at the chance to rile Steve up, to make him react this way. He knows it’s wrong and he really, really shouldn’t, but it’s been so long since he properly got a rise out of someone. Bucky and his pregnancy have made him go soft.
He bursts into watery laughter at that. “That’s certainly one way to put it, yes.” He knows he’s flouncing on dangerous territory here, knows that once he tells her the news she’ll immediately connect it to Steve. But she deserves to know, and he trusts her not to act rashly.
Tony smiles back, and then catches sight of Bucky’s metal hand, now resting on the man’s thigh. He nearly moans from imagining it sliding up and down his cock, cool metal scales rippling up and down sensitive skin.
“It grows on you,” Steve finally says, smiling widely.
“I’m just going to leave them outside the door…”
“I didn’t mean to,” Steve shouts back. “It was just too much too fast and I’m
Tony smiles at him, but it’s forced. “I’ll see you tomorrow?” he offers, and Bucky hesitates but nods, mustering up enough courage to offer him a small smile in return. The idea that he could have this sort of companionable quiet activity with someone else where the end goal is not someone’s death is appealing to him, and he can tell that this will be what he’ll be falling back on if his dinner with Steve goes bad.
He’s scared that Pepper, in particular, will take it badly, because they’d never really rekindled their friendship after they broke up, even after all this time, but she deserves to know.
He turns around and marches his ass right out the door he came through, slamming the door in his wake.
He shakes his head and dispels the Winter Soldier’s voice in his head, who’s taking the opportunity to mock him for losing awareness of his surroundings.
God, he was such an awful man. The one time he’d finally gave in and fucked Tony, he didn’t even take the moment to pretend it was Bucky he was slamming in, or Bucky’s hair he was tugging. No, he could only think of Tony, and the version of Tony he forced himself to think of nevertheless, too weak to own up to himself that maybe he didn’t think Tony was a whore at all, but maybe he was just falling a little too fast too hard, for a man with black hair that curled at the end, the man who made robots to be his friends, the man who’d put up with all of Steve’s bullshit and worked tirelessly to give him upgrades for his suit and armor, the man who was so damn alone and touch-starved he’d turn to a man he knew probably hated him for a few minutes of human contact. Steve didn’t hate Tony Stark, he didn’t, not really. He was just scared.
“Okay,” Tony announces, patting the ca–
“Fall asleep standing up? Yes, yes we did,” Bucky answers him, amused.
Something cracks in Tony. “You don’t want me to go.”
“I just need to check for a concussion,” Bruce explains, and carefully wipes the blood off of Steve’s forehead and nose. Miraculously, there’s no shrapnel in the closed cut on his temple. “With the serum you shouldn’t have anything more traumatic than that, and even then the likelihood you have one is pretty low.”
It’s tempting to give in to the thoughts, but now isn’t the time for several reasons: First, he doesn’t actually know what’s wrong. Second, one thing Dr Matty had made sure to drill in his head was that it wasn’t always his fault. Third, and possibly most important, he has a lot of his own issues to focus on, one of which being the unborn child he is currently carrying.
,” Steve cries, and this time he does throw up, all over Bucky and the floor. Bucky just clutches him tighter, breathing into the other man’s sweaty neck. The room smells like blood and vomit and sweat.
Bucky nods jerkily towards the bulge in Tony’s shirt, growing larger by the week.
Hi ;)
Bruce gives him a crooked grin. “I’m sorry?”
“You aren’t joking, are you?” he asks fiercely, and Tony nearly recoils from the force of it.
As soon as he started drawing, he felt a rush of relief, and a sense of failure. As the body started to form in broad strokes of his pencil, he felt almost dirty, like he did as a teenager in the middle of the night, a hand down his pants and his mother sleeping in the next room over.
There are several holes in the wall, half-dried blood decorating their jagged edges, and Tony slowly pieces the scene together until he thinks he might throw up, too.
“Bucky, I haven’t had sex in seven months.”
Tony looks up when they enter, and just stares at them for a minute, his pencil hovering over the blueprint he’d been working on. His shoulders hunch in a little and he sighs when neither of the men say anything.
He sighs and twists, cracking his back quickly.
Tony laughs a little, the corners of his eyes crinkling a little. “God, sometimes I forget what a people-pleaser he is.”
“Alright, well, lucky you, but back to the arm. Is it alright if I start today?”
“Jesus, Rhodey, let it go. What’s happened, happened, and I trust Bucky,” Tony tells him firmly.
Inside there’s a stack of sheets in dark colors, all soft to the touch. Underneath the pile is a small white note, that’s been typed.
And what a comforting thought that was.
Tony hates the fact that he’s just twiddling his thumbs, and decides to make an executive decision. “Cap,” he starts, “I’m going in.”
He grits his teeth and knocks, thinking to himself all the while how stupid he’d feel if Steve wasn’t there, if he was psyching himself up like an idiot outside an empty room.
Steve pauses mid-sentence, mouth slightly agape. “When?” he manages, though he’s pretty sure he knows.
Tony sits back and grins, feeling like a weight’s been taken off his chest. It’ll be fine. He’ll be fine.
, he can feel the Winter Soldier stirring, wanting to peek over his shoulder and see his new directions, his new mission.
Bucky grabs his heel tightly and wedges it under the window, working as fast as he can. One, two, three pushes and cracks spider up the glass, growing larger and larger until the window suddenly falls in tiny fragments of glass, littering the van floor.
It’s absolutely perfect, and Bucky knows Tony’s been wanting to paint the door, but he doesn’t really think it’s necessary. Unless…
“What is disfavorable about this shower Clint speaks of?” Thor asks, a small crease in his eyebrow.
Quick chattering in a language he doesn’t recognize starts up to the side of him, and he turns his head slightly to investigate. A faded sign is hanging over the store that reads
“No…?” Steve had answered cautiously, now worried that he was missing something here. Was this something people did all the time? Something he should have known about? But then again, a second ago Bucky had been begging him not to tell anyone about what he had been doing, so… where did that leave this mysterious action? And dammit, what exactly
Bucky nods. “I’m going to go now,” he says suddenly. “I won’t be back for a long time.”
He takes the elevator up to the kitchen, slumping exhaustively against the railing lining the metal walls and running a hand idly up and down his swollen stomach. At this point, he’s more than accustomed to the fact that he’s going to have a tiny human, and soon. And yet, even as he approaches his delivery date in four or so weeks, he can’t help but think that something’s missing.
Bucky startles and hits his head on the cabinet door, swearing a blue streak and clutching the hurt area with his flesh hand. “You scared me,” he growls, and Tony laughs a tinkling, lovely sound.
Tony gapes at him for a second before a startled laugh is ripped from him. Once he starts laughing he can’t stop, and he laughs until tears are running down his cheeks and his sides hurt, all of his pent up emotion from the day at the doctor’s bleeding out in cackles as he grasps his ribs, laughing until he hiccups, the tears running down his face turning into watery sobs.
Steve turns and looks at him for a long, long second, his eyes boring into Bucky’s. “It doesn’t matter,” he concludes, and turns away, saying, “why did you bring me here?”
He retches again and grabs the sides, miserable. A small hand is suddenly on his back, rubbing gently, and Tony looks up to see Natasha looking at him concernedly.
Bucky nods, a small smile coming back to his face. “He thought it would look nice, with it being her soon-to-be favorite superhero.”
“Nah,” Clint says, but looks a little more worried than he did a second ago.
Bucky grins a little. “Last week it was oranges. This week lemons, huh?”
Bucky opens and holds the door for him, inviting him inside. Steve files in silently, moving to lean against the wall just inside the room.
“It’s okay,” Tony says and smiles a little as Rhodey gently runs his hand over his cloth-covered stomach.
“What?” Tony slurs. He tilts his head up and frowns at him, before trying to look down at his feet, a shocked look on his face. “Did we…?”
“Ah,” Tony says, and looks down again, his face unreadable. Bucky feels like an ass, but knows apologizing for what he said will make things worse.
It doesn’t.
“Bullets?” the Soldier asks, his face twisting with confusion.
There’s another cluster of buildings and businesses across the street and it’s as if Bucky’s on autopilot, his training and experience from Winter bleeding into his movements as he ducks behind the other cars and picks his way to the highway, crossing it quickly and blending in to the shadows under the awnings of the buildings.
“I’m pretty sure Captain America’s not supposed to fuck people against walls,” Tony tells him, his voice a little breathless. He’s noticeably sagging against the wall.
I'm sorry it's late again ;(
Sometimes Tony wondered if the baby was as much as Bucky’s as it was his, or Steve’s, for that matter. He’d pulled that card because he was the one with the actual human inside him, but in reality, he couldn’t really say he’d actually wanted it. Neither had Steve, of course, a fact he definitely demonstrated by not telling Tony about it in the first place and then fucking off to go find another man.
Nobody speaks. Tony’s still heaving, standing in place, completely frozen, unsure of what just happened, and what he’s supposed to do. To his and everyone else’s surprise, Barnes is the one who makes the decision for him.
He can’t stop a small gasp from escaping when a large and calloused hand grabs his jaw and tilts it upwards, forcing Tony to stare helplessly into Steve’s blue eyes as he tilts his head, as if examining him.
To that, Bucky had nodded numbly, because suddenly, the thought of not having anything wrong at all, meaning the whole anger thing was just a quirk of his personality, sounded a whole lot worse. As much as Bucky didn’t want to hide behind a mental disorder, he still wasn’t sure that he could ever quite live with himself if it turned out that the blow ups were just
When the food finally arrives in front of him, he digs in, almost groaning at the flavor. He figures he can add the juice from the lemon wedges the girl gives him because he has an entire goddamn lemon in his pocket, so he carefully squeezes out on half of his taco, and good God is that amazing.
Bucky frowns. “He’s not a people-pleaser, he just thought it would look nice.”
Rhodey turns and smiles sweetly. “Thank you.”
“Indeed, sir.”
That was his first mistake.
“Fuck, I want some…” he licks his lips, thinks. “I want something
Tony narrows his eyes and turns away, shrugging out his armor quickly, and leaving it against the wall as he tugs his own shirt off and undoes the button on his jeans before pulling them down with his underwear in one quick yank, stepping out of them quickly.
That’s what he is doing now, actually. It’s early December and the weather has gotten cold, but not to the point that breath comes out in clouds. If it was, everyone on the street would be able to see puffs and puffs of slightly condensed breath vanish into the air, a constant stream of wispy grey trailing from the man’s lips as he struggles to get himself under control.
By midday, Bucky’s on the train, a burrito tucked into his pocket for later consumption.
“I think it’s just been a while,” Tony says. He cuddles back into Bucky’s chest. “God, I feel like a high schooler again, finishing so fast.”
“What would I need?”
Tony nods. He expected nothing less.
She pauses for a second, looks at her notes. “There is the slight possibility that this is just the leftover violence from the Soldier making itself known, but you said you didn’t feel him…” She sighs again. “We just don’t know, Mr Barnes, I’m sorry.”
Tony makes the mistake of looking up, and it takes a conscious effort not to twitch under the scrutiny of the gaze that’s being directed at him. Steve’s glaring at him, his blue eyes pinning in him in place and piercing straight through all of his bullshit.
Tony shrugs, even though he knows Rhodey can’t see him. “I provoked him,” he says, carefully keeping the emotion out of his voice.
. How are you justifyin’ this?”
that I just couldn’t fathom talking about it with you, too.”
“Up here,” Clint says, jumping down from the building neatly. “Damn, you move fast.”
you can do?” Steve asks desperately, and Tony shakes his head, dragging his hands through his hair in frustration.
On his way out he spots a ratty Dodgers cap by the door, and he pulls it low over his loose hair, keeping his head down as he strolls out into the streets; the fewer people who see his face, the better.
“I don’t want to be so… unapproachable, ya know?” he tells Steve, looking down at his hands, which are trembling very slightly. That surprises him. His hands have never shaken before, not even when he was putting bullets through people’s heads through the vision of a scope. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this, really. I don’t know why I’m saying anything at all,” he admits, feeling childish.
Bucky clears his throat and looks away. “Lemons?” he says, and Tony’s eyebrows shoot up, but he respectfully backs away and gives Bucky his space.
Bucky shakes his head and unwinds himself, getting up and stretching. The walk to Steve’s room seems shorter than it ever has, and it feels like no time’s passed at all when he finally arrives.
The Soldier seems to consider it. “Food,” he finally says. Then, as an afterthought: “You’re buying.”
Steve’s lips are now a thin line of bitterness. He breaks eye contact and looks away. “How much do you remember from that night?” he finally asks. Bucky isn’t surprised that Steve immediately knows which night he’s talking about. The thought makes his stomach sink further.
Eventually, Tony tilts his head upwards slightly, and Bucky gently tilts his head downwards, so he’s now cautiously meeting the eyes of the other man.
He freezes. Turns around slowly. Looks at her. Swallows heavily. There’s no one else in the room, but it’s with a great amount of hesitancy that he lifts his shirt and cautiously peers down at his stomach.
Tony nods, because it’s true. He can remember all too well how a light Tony had never seen before had suddenly sprung up in Bucky’s eyes, making them shimmer and sparkle like a lake in the noon sun. He’d been happy to see it, of course he had, but it was more happiness over Bucky being happy than the actual cause for the twinkle. The twinkle is for Steve, and God does his heart ache whenever he thinks about it. More than anything, he’s terrified that Bucky will want his other half back completely, enough to shut Tony out.
Bucky pauses, because yes, that’s true. “You did,” he agrees carefully, “but so did I. I’m the one who’s at fault here, I – I pushed you, I lost control, and I’m the one who made you freak out.”
Steve cocks an eyebrow. “Like this?” His fingertips brush the underside of Bucky’s feet, the shadow of a touch. Steve turns his startling blue eyes on his and Bucky’s narrow, before widening slightly.
He isn’t sure what else to do so he starts the slow process of extracting his arm out from under him, going slowly as not to disturb what seems to be a long cut stemming forward from his shoulder blade to his collarbone. He finally manages it with a grunt, and flops it in front of his sideways body, wiggling his fingers to try and get feeling back into them.
“I like the idea of yellow and green,” Natasha muses. “I could paint a meadow on one of the walls with wildflowers?”
“I need you to go to medical.”
, his mind whispers,
“Yeah, sorry about that,” Bruce says apologetically, “but thanks for getting it done. Here’re some fresh clothes.”
Please comment! I love replying and seeing what all y'all think. Also, some of you need to chill a little. I know we all have a love-hate relationship with Steve, but he's doing his best, he really is.
” Steve walks the length of the hallway and back, running a hand through his hair and tugging.
“It wasn’t,” he agrees. “You know the funny thing, though?”
“Bucky, what?” Steve asks, and God, he looks absolutely
Bucky just feels tired, and so very, very guilty. The anger drains away in a rush, and Bucky’s head is left spinning. Then, almost as if a switch has been flipped, Bucky suddenly realizes what Steve is doing.
“It’s okay,” Steve says roughly. “I’m getting too worked up over this anyway,” he mutters.
Whatever. He shakes his head, clearing it, and steps slightly closer, pocketing the little black tracker. “What do you say we take this back to the Tower? I’d love to take a look at your arm if you don’t mind.”
Once he’s finished one cup he feels better, so he refills his mug and turns around to face them, holding it close to his body and warming up his hands. A quick head count reveals they’re all here except for Steve and Bucky, who could be God knows where.
He cracks his eyelids open slowly, getting them used to the light. The world is quite bright, and it takes nearly half a minute before he can open them all the way. His back aches, his shoulder stump aches, and his head feels fuzzy, like someone’s thumped him on the head with a hammer. Bucky’s also shirtless, and he belatedly realizes that he’s actually a little cold.
“That’s not even what I said.”
Bucky nods uncomfortably, unsure of what to say in response. Probably thank you, but then he would seem like he was expecting the compliment. He settles instead for muttering, “You do, too.” He does, in a blue shirt that seems painted on and a worn brown jacket, and tight jeans that hug his hips.
“Thank you,” Steve gasps out, hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder and looking down at his huge hands cradling Tony’s bump. “I know you don’t care, but I love you,” he murmurs, before his breathing evens out indefinitely and drifts asleep.
Tony takes a deep breath and suddenly goes limp in Bucky’s arms, and Bucky instinctually tightens his hold on the smaller man.
“Then what is?” Tony asks testily, trying to gauge what Bucky was going to say next.
Steve unclenches his jaw with a yank. “Better than anyone,” he says sadly.
Bucky delicately arches an eyebrow. “Oh? Enlighten me.” He throws the sketchbook at Steve’s feet and can’t help the sadistic curl of satisfaction as Steve flinches.
, but also hurt and disbelief… Steve catches him analyzing his face and quickly schools it, shuttering down.
It occurs to him that the man in his arms is very, very fragile, and right now very, very vulnerable. it would be all too easy to snap his neck, suffocate him… A firm punch to the stomach could even result in a miscarriage…
The doctor declares everything fine, and Tony will take the feeling of sheer relief that swept through him to the fucking grave. He doesn’t know what he would have done at this point if everything wasn’t okay and he, God forbid, wouldn’t have been able to have the baby.
“My standpoint?” Tony asks, and his voice is high and mocking. “You want me to tell you about
, but he’s utterly
“Oh, is that so?” Steve asks, his smile widening.
“But something did,” Steve rasps out.
Steve sees the bright red of the sketchbook in Bucky’s hand, his heightened vision easily picking out the drawing the pages are flipped to, and feels a single strike of horror, cold and unwelcome, shoot down his spine.
“There’s nothing you can do. I’m fifteen weeks along, I’ve just got to let it take its course. Unless you’re offering to get me laid? I haven’t had sex in
“But I also don’t know what to do about this, Bucky. I mean, you can’t date both of us, right?”
Steve was in love with him, too. Would you look at that?
“Your new arm, Buckeroo.”
“Yes.”
Bucky barely registers climbing the stairs, taking them two at a time. Before he knows it he’s slamming the door open to Steve’s room, watching the man jump about a foot in the air as he takes in his visitor.
“Are you worried I’m eventually going to choose Steve over you?” Bucky asks, and he has enough respect for Tony to keep the pity out of his voice.
“Cocky bastard,” he says, and swings it.
“What are we supposed to do now?” Bucky asks, and he’s speaking as much to himself as he is the other two.
“Can you able it again?”
“Is this a joke?” he asks quietly, dangerously. His hand is shaking around his pencil ever so slightly, the tip quivering. Tony can see the pencil bending, small fissures appearing in the wooden exterior.
Bucky always claimed that he hurried to the Rogers’ apartment building because he missed Steve, but Steve knew better. He could see the faint crease between his eyebrows, the same crease his mother gets when she gets home from the hospital. The crease was one of worry, and was for the state of Steve’s health. They were scared, he knew, that one day they’d come home and his heart would be stiller than a statue.
Tony’s starting to get a little worried now. “I–yes, yes I promise.”
“So you’re saying she’s a sophisticated hunk of metal?”
Bucky does so, pinning nearly all his weight onto Steve’s shoulder, even as the man thrashes and kicks, nearly throwing him off.
“You obviously had the same reaction,” Bucky says, startling Steve out of his thoughts and, just like that, Steve feels as though he’s been thrust into frigid water.
“Well,” she says slowly, “the signs are all here, and by all accounts, you should have IED.”
He hums a rhythm-less tune as he takes the stairs down to the kitchen to get a banana before he leaves for his run, or maybe a bit of toast. He hears voices as he nears the communal area, and he grins a little. Maybe Bruce or Sam is making breakfast. His stomach sours at another thought. Or maybe Clint is… he shudders. He’ll never forget the taste of burnt scrambled eggs doused in honey, a delicacy Clint swears by and Natasha swears at.
Bucky finds himself wondering what his hand feels like to Tony, but almost immediately dismisses the thought. Of course his hands wouldn’t hold the same quiet grace. What a ridiculous thought. He knows his hands are big, knows they’re strong, but he also knows they’re only good for holding a utensil, wrapping around someone’s neck, holding and pulling the trigger of a gun, and pushing his hair out of his face. Hell, he doesn’t even have both of them.
All he can do is keep thrusting, over and over into the warm, pliant body in front of him, going faster and faster and sinking deeper and deeper in each time, even as fingernails begin scratching at his back, likely leaving long pink trails that will be healed within the hour. He can hear Tony getting louder, and it only serves to make him go faster, because dammit, this is so wrong.
), and the wildflowers Natasha’s working on that already cover half the wall. He lounges back a little on the couch, making sure not to hurt his shoulder, and just listens to the man in front of him drone on.
Steve finds himself in front of his bedroom door, his hand on the doorknob. He’s not sure when he entered his and Bucky’s floor, but now that he’s here, it’s surprisingly easy to let himself in and cross the sparse room to his bedside table where there’s a locked drawer. He unhooks the key from where it hung behind his headboard and wiggles it into the lock, pulling it open and revealing half a dozen sketchbooks.
Bucky raises his eyebrows. “That’s wonderful,” he tells Tony, because it is.
along those lines.
Tony nods, ignoring the pit in his stomach.
“Alright, alright I promise. What happened?”
“Oh?” Bucky asks, eyebrow cocked. “Did you convince Sam to give me my gun back? My waistband’s been feelin’ awfully barren without it.”
What a pity that he’s leaving, too.
“Look, we’ve noticed you like hanging around. This is just to stay connected, just someone to call one if you need anything. That’s kind of all I’m good for.”
“Two hours? What are you going to do until then?”
When it had finally clicked into place that he had a
Just before he cracks it open he registers that, wait a minute, this belongs to Steve. He’s seen Steve around with these, always doodling in them; everyone had. While Bucky was thrilled that his friend was reverting back to his artistic tendencies, he also felt a little disappointed and… betrayed? Maybe? That Steve didn’t see fit to show him anything.
“Yeah, no shit,” Tony snorts. “At this point, though, it’ll take me like a half a minute. Goddamn, but I’ve been so fucking horny,” he groans. “Pregnancy fucking
Clint is outside of the quinjet, waiting for the rest of the team. He holds up a croissant in greeting. “Want one?” he calls.
“I really, really don’t,” Steve sighs, and he seems to be growing a little frustrated.
back in, not even caring if he’s hurting the man. A sob shakes through Tony, desperate hands coming up to clutch his shoulders, and Steve looks up at his face in surprise.
...that's when the real shit will go down
you may have noticed I haven't updated in, oh, maybe over a month? While I didn't intend for this to happen, it's been a much needed break to get my head screwed on right.
Tony snorts. “Hell if I know. Here, hand me that red cat named, uh, Chili?”
“Well isn’t there
Steve sinks to the floor right where he’s standing, and carefully, pitifully, gathers up the torn pieces of paper from the floor.
Bucky takes a deep breath and releases Steve. It’s clear he won’t get a straight answer, and if he wants any chance of making up with Steve, he needs to quit shaking him now. But there remains a question unanswered.
He beats the familiar path down to his workshop at a dead sprint, barely managing to gasp out a “JARVIS, lockdown,” before collapsing to the floor and curling into the tightest ball he can.
After spending his time in the van all curled up and then sitting in the same position in the train, Bucky walks out onto the subway platform with his thighs and knees protesting with every step. His fatigue is starting to really catch up with him, so he pinches his thigh, hard, trying to wake himself up. He knows he’s in Brooklyn, now, and should probably be looking for a map or something, but his stomach growls, telling him there are other things he needs to take care of, first. He eats the extra burrito, now cold and soggy but still delicious, and tries to decide where to go.
“Put him on the table,” he hears Tony say as if he’s standing at the end of a tunnel. A boiling tear escapes the cage of Bucky’s eyelashes and runs down his cheek. Huh. That hasn’t happened in nearly seventy years.
No answer.
“Yes,” Tony says through gritted teeth. “You’re not my babysitter, Rogers.”
Tony huffs and arranges himself into a sitting position. “Shouldn’t have told you that,” he grumbles, and attempts to push Bucky away and stand.
“Figured,” Bucky says easily. At Tony’s surprised look, he elaborates: “You keep touchin’ your stomach an’ the sickness…”
“I’m pregnant, Pep,” he finally tells her, and holds his breath, waiting for her response.
She really was. Bucky had requested black and Tony had complied, but not before adding streaks of dark navy that glittered like the night sky, and flecks of silver paint that sparkled like stars. Bucky had told Tony that he used to go riding at night when he couldn’t sleep in the months leading up to him joining the military in the forties, and Tony had taken that and ran with it, his thoughts and Bucky’s amounting to the starry beauty that was a motorcycle.
Tony shivers. He hasn’t even known he’s wanted that as much as he does, and the warmth he’d felt from even imagining something like that, where they were all together, in love… Tony rubs his fingers over the bridge of his nose, groaning softly under his breath. He’s an awful, awful man, thinking of his lover’s boyfriend while said boyfriend was
“Did you know,” he whispers, “I recognized you?”
Everything’s fine. Everything’s fine. Everything’s
“I’m fine,” he gasps out. He gags and heaves over the bin. He forces himself to straighten up and leans heavily against the countertop. Steve holds out a glass of water, his expression hard and unreadable. Tony ignores it and rinses out his mouth in the sink, managing to keep a few sips down.
“I scared you,” Steve mutters, keeping his eyes fixed on the table. The water isn’t water, he realizes. It’s tea. He can see it now, the slight amber color it is instead of completely clear.
for her fifteenth birthday, and he remembers how he and Steve used to mock her behind her back, sick with jealousy that
He awkwardly leans back and grabs both of Steve’s hands, draping them over himself. “Can you hold me like this? Just for a little while? Would that make you feel better?” Tony’s talking to him like a child, and he knows that they can both tell. He’s worried that this will make Steve draw away, wary of the patronization, because Captain America isn’t the kind of man to be coddled and told everything’s going to be okay. Then again, these last few months, Tony isn’t sure.
“Care to share with the class?” Natasha had asked. Clint was looking at him curiously, an expression that was probably mirrored by Sam. Thor was back in Asgard and would be for a while, and Bruce hadn’t noticed a thing, too engrossed in his book. Steve…
At first, nothing happens, and Bucky thinks Tony was wrong when he said his British robot person was in every room, but soon JARVIS’s indifferent voice floats quietly through the room, barely louder than Bucky’s words but still quite clear even with the water.
He hurries to catch up with Steve’s long stride and falls in step beside him. He doesn’t ask where they’re going, and Steve doesn’t tell him. They walk in comfortable silence, their elbows brushing lightly as they go, hands tucked in their coats. They stop at a small Italian place and Steve looks at him sheepishly, asking if he can order for Bucky.
it means so so much to me that you guys gave me this to work with, and to those of you who commented but I didn't use your suggestion, I'm really sorry, but they were also lovely!
“Sir, you have a visitor,” Jarvis’ calm voice says, floating through the workshop. It’s been about a month since Tony found out about the gender of his baby, and he and Bucky have gotten on like a house on fire. Bucky’d asked him out a few days after Steve and them in the kitchen, and Tony could have sworn his heart was about to beat of his chest when he told Bucky that yes, he’d very much like to date him, thank you very much.
“Too fast?”
“Oh, yeah! I nearly forgot! I’m decorating a nursery with the rest of the team, but it’s mostly Thor and Natasha, I’m pretty sure Bruce just sits in the corner and drinks tea while he reads…” Tony sets the glass down, and gestures wildly with his hands. “Thor said he was going to get a bunch of stuffed animals, you know, and we said no bigger than his hand, but that’s, like, bigger than my head, let’s be honest, and to be honest, I’m a little excited about what he’s going to bring home, because a Norse god choosing what animals are the best? I mean, that’s got to be interesting…”
“Tony, stop!” Steve yells. “Stop doing whatever you’re doing.”
Bucky doesn’t mind, however. He’s thrilled that Tony’s including him in the pregnancy at all, after what he’d done.
“...Okay.” Tony’s not really sure what to do with that, so he walks back to his table and lays the pile of clothing on top of it, sitting down and settling back in as the water starts up again.
There’s a blue one for Bucky, and Bucky only. Bucky gazing up at him, Bucky looking off into the distance, Bucky carrying his sniper rifle, Bucky wearing his uniform proudly, Bucky with his eyes closed and mouth slack with pleasure… Steve blushes a bit, but doesn’t close the page, instead letting his eyes linger. He fell in love with Bucky in the forties, probably before. In the quiet of his room it’s all too easy to admit to himself that he never really fell out of it.
The team finds him like that, talking giant metal suits with a teenage girl, his free hand gesturing madly as he explains how to make the robot’s movement smoother.
“Hey,” Tony says.
So he tries not to. He does, but sometimes he’ll drop something, something will slip through his fingers, and Steve will be swept into a memory of freezing ice and screaming and terrified faces and
He enters through the door, hearing the same jingling bell from the gas station, and familiar smells assault his nose. There’s no one else in the restaurant.
“No, I believe you,” Tony murmurs. He puts his head in his hands. “Do you remember anything else?” he asks, his words slightly muffled.
The few movies that had been filmed about Captain America all portrayed him as a second thought, and often didn’t show any of his skills or charm, only used his character as a supportive figure in Steve’s life, almost a human crutch.
This chapter is hella boring, but could also be potentially triggering, so same trigger warnings apply as last week folks!
Tony snorts. “I’m doing it a whole lot more than you are,” he remarks, looking back down, this time examining one of the rips in the knee of his jeans. It’s fraying slightly, and he pulls at one of the threads absentmindedly, still studiously avoiding looking up.
“That being said,” Tony says, and clears his throat. “I, uh, I’m sorry. I pushed you, and I’m pretty sure I’ve said this before, but it really wasn’t my place to do so. I should have remembered Bucky had just passed for you a few months ago, not seventy-four months ago.
He saw the kiss, everyone saw the kiss, but he doesn’t know what’s behind it. Whatever it is, it must be something big. “We’ll be fine,” he tells Steve softly. “I’ll come find you after, okay?”
Bucky rolls his eyes and grabs a pillow to slam Steve over the head with.
“I’m sure,” Bucky snorts. “I imagine you get used to it right after you get used to Tony’s fancy science talk jumpin’ all over the place.”
“Please, Bucky, don’t be like that,” Steve begs. “You’ve seen the damn notebook. You’ve seen us in paper. We can’t be anything, Bucky, it didn’t work.”
“Oh, fucking hell,” Tony swears and looks between the two of them apologetically. “My bad. Can we just move past this, please?” he asks, and to his immense relief, both Bucky and Steve nod, Steve looking down at the countertop, Bucky turning back to the stove without a word.
Hi there :)
Bucky shakes his head and heaves himself to his feet, leaving the book he’s been reading on the floor.
“Yeah. Doesn’t hurt though,” Clint says thoughtfully, and Tony can see him prod at the paste on his shoulder.
” Steve shouts that last part and Bucky winces.
They’re silent for a little while, but it’s a comfortable sort of silence, the kind that doesn’t need to be filled with chatter or small talk, or even casual conversation. They’re just enjoying one another’s company and their food, and the peaceful bit of heaven that is this garden. Bucky still has no idea how Steve found it, but he isn’t going to ask.
“Good,” Bucky forces out, barely remembering at the last minute to say it, so preoccupied with Steve saying
But first, he needs to figure out how the fuck he’s going to tell the team.
Steve and Bucky are separated, Steve off to medical where he can get some closely-monitored sleep, Bucky to the hall outside where he falls asleep on one of the benches with his head pressed against the wall and his fingers stroking through Tony’s hair, who lays pressed to his side.
“You didn’t look okay,” Natasha says, and Tony gives her a warning glare.
Bucky nods, and stands, helping Steve to his feet. Bruce supports him from the other side, and they carefully guide Steve to the sofa to sit down. Steve stumbles and sways a little, and Bruce can see that given the chance, he’d try to fall asleep standing up.
“It’s going to be okay, Steve,” he chokes through his own tears. “It’s going to be okay, I promise. Fuck, I love you, I’m so sorry.”
Bucky tucks his hands in his pockets, shivering a little, but not much. The cold doesn’t really bother him anymore. He doesn’t have a hat this time, but his hair, now longer than it ever has been, sweeps over his shoulder and catches on his ears, hiding his jaw from view.
“Bucky,” Tony moans from where he’s sprawled across the couch.
Bucky doesn’t see Steve anymore.
“A pity,” Tony sighs, flying a bit higher and noting with interest as the bustling of the city that never sleeps fades away to more quiet and green neighborhoods.
Tony won’t lie to himself and say that he doesn’t find Steve attractive, because it was that ass that got him in trouble in the first place. He knows he trusts Steve, because you’d have to be a fool to not notice the fucking loyalty the man’s displayed since the 1930s. He thinks Steve’s kind, he thinks he’s truly changing, and most important of all, Tony knows Steve would be wonderful with their daughter, and he knows he’ll be there for her whether he and Tony get together or not.
It had helped, a little, when he didn’t have any new memories out of the ice, and he treasured each memory from his past, no matter how horrible, but now? Now it was just terrible. Now he had experiences to relate them too, and remembering anything but the happy bits was a chore. Not only that, but Bucky was here, too. He no longer had to spend hours sketching the lines of the man’s face, or the graceful dips of his legs; he had the real one up for viewing any time he liked.
“It’ll be quick,” Bruce promises. “Here, take the clothes for after you get out.”
Hell, said boyfriend was even dating the man. God, what was his life?
Steve turns to Bucky and nudges his shoulder a bit. “I think it’s your turn, pal,” he says, his voice only a tiny bit scratchy, and Bucky smiles weakly.
Bucky takes a deep breath. “I don’t know if I can let him go,” he says, and by this point, Tony’s heart has sunk so low, it’s in his shoes. “But here’s the thing,” he whispers, and leans down, lightning quick, to place a feather light kiss on Tony’s lips. It feels like cardboard.
to smirk at him, before taking his down as far as he could go, deepthroating Tony with all he was worth.
please comment! I absolutely will reply :)
“What can I do for you?” Steve asks wearily.
There’s still a pit in his stomach, a pressing weight on his conscience, but now it’s for the very man who used to protect him from it. Now it holds all the affection and appreciation he should have given Tony Stark, all the times he should have said
Sharp pressure is put on one of his arms and his thighs, and Bucky screams as the pain in his arm intensifies. It feels like a hot knife is being dug into the flesh of his shoulder, and twisting and twisting and
God, what has he done?
Tony swallows his own mouthful, hard, before throwing his head back and laughing. “You would be,” he teases.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony throws up on the ground, heaving as he coughs. He retches again, shaking off a gauntlet to press a hand against his forehead. He groans and throws up again, head spinning. Suddenly, the croissant is possibly the vilest thing he thinks he’s ever smelled, and his other hand goes slack around it as he drops to his knees.
“I’m a mechanic,” Tony snaps back, and he can feel a flush threatening to warm his cheeks. Bucky simply raises his eyebrows further but complies, and this time Tony doesn’t hold back his moan.
“I’m not discussing my sex life with you, Tony.”
“Bucky,” Tony says quietly. “I don’t know if I’m ready to have Steve be a part of my life so quickly. You and I have been dating, you and Steve were in love, but Steve and I? We’re just not there. I’m pregnant with his child, because he hated me and I pushed too hard, Bucky, what about this situation seems right to you?”
He stands up and puts his screwdriver down; he’d been working on the crib and listening to music, enjoying the time alone. He goes down to the lab and pats DUM-E hello, before making his way to the liquor cabinet at the end of the workshop, next to a little hot water dispenser and coffee grounds. He has his priorities.
He curls in on himself, trying to hide from the man in front of him, and startles when a warm chest is pressed against his back, warm arms gathering him close. He turns his head and cries into a firm pectoral instead, muffling his tears in Bucky’s black shirt.
Oh, yeah, she knows.
“What do you want from me?” Steve asks frankly, and it throws Tony for a loop because… what does he want? But before he can puzzle out his response Steve continues talking. “Because it sounds like you want me to fuck you.”
No one answers, so Steve looks to Tony, who smiles a little. “It’s what we’re doing now, apparently.” He throws the pencil into a mug and shuts off the light, plunging his little corner of the workshop into darkness.
“You don’t get to fucking say that,” he hisses. “Do you
He sits on a bed with a crinkly white paper sheet and waits for a doctor to come in the room, studying the wall decor as he does. There’s a poster on the different diseases you can get from vegetables that haven’t been washed, and one on STDs and how to prevent them.
Her existence is an
Bruce takes a deep breath through his nose, lets it out through his mouth. Tony can tell he’s trying to keep his cool.
He answers on the last ring. “Tony! How are you doing? I’m sorry I don’t have long, but do you need something?”
He makes his way to the stairs and to the light of day, blinking in the light that greets him. He looks both ways, trying to find something familiar to get his bearings with, because dammit, this is the city he grew up in and knows like the back of his hand, but all there is around him is metal and people and flashing lights and
Tony shuts up then because as annoyed as he may be at the claim that his armor could have
“Its name is Flerken? It says Chili right there!”
Tony quirks an eyebrow. “You want to give me a hand fixing the old girl?”
After pulling on black running shoes and matching shorts that are
