They didn't, really. They had nothing to do. Because the crime scene was back there, and yet Sherlock was down here, insisting that they leave. Insisting that there was nothing for them to do until Molly finished the first blood tests, which wouldn't be for hours or days. There was nothing for them to do at Baker Street, and no discernible reason why Sherlock was back in the lift barely five minutes after John had had to prod him out of it.
There are hundreds of boxes to be moved. To transfer every one, he must reexamine its contents, and be able to take what he finds there into his own two hands out of the filth and poison that has spread around it. For this, he can not let John help. But John stays anyway, lingering by his side or the walls or with tea in his hands, always there as
The words are a bit sad, to be honest. They are desperately hoarse, each syllable caught in his throat, and there they snag like gravel. It sounds like he's just spent the last hour smoking, or that he's caught the flu going around and spent the night vomiting up the contents of his stomach.
. This wasn't normal. Nothing about this and how he'd felt was normal, why hadn't he realised that? Why hadn't he listened to what Sherlock was trying to say?
"Oh," Greg said again, frowning in the mirror. "Whoops, miscommunication. The victim was a chemistry professor at Cambridge, not Oxford." He shrugged, flipping on his turn signal to change lanes. "Not that it makes a difference to you two."
The first eight chapters are almost entirely complete, and the last two are fully outlined, so currently, I plan for updates to come every few days. I promise I'll never leave you hanging for too long on a painful cliffhanger ;)
"I didn't-- shouldn't have said that. I..." John dropped almost numbly into the nearest chair, suddenly unable to look at Sherlock. He hated seeing him like this. He hated wanting to erase every single thing he'd done in the past so many months but he couldn't and Sherlock sat there as incontrovertible evidence of them
His collar is stiff and sticky from where it's stuck to his neck, and he tugs it lose, grinning at John.
For a moment, just a moment, Greg forgot himself again. He started to sit forward, just wanting to grab the dripping icepack before it slid onto his sofa.
He turns around on the spot, Lestrade's badge tossed to skid south on the patch of ice. Then, on a throbbing ankle and with his pride bruised much, much worse than his face, he limps down the street, straight away from where Graham is still blathering about calling an interpreter.
"She hit her head on the way down, and ended up just... lying there. It actually wasn't that serious, but I was twelve, I didn't know that head wounds just bleed like that-- all I knew was that Harry wasn't moving and her face was just covered in blood. Dad was still shouting and Mum was crying, and I was just standing there and I really thought he'd fucking killed her. Mum told me to get in a cab with Harry and go to A&E, to say that she fell, and I was scared to death so I did."
This is the answer. Sherlock may have a number of regrets, about all of this, all of them in explanation as to why he is kneeling on the floor of his kitchen ten months in, mute and shaken and stricken. But he has no regrets about the decisions he made ten months ago. He is alive. John is alive. And though John does not know it, he is finding his voice again.
A little comment I wanted to make as we go on-- John definitely is being a bit rough here! But what's going on in his head is that if the relationship had been abusive, of course Sherlock would simply say so. Because Sherlock is not saying so, and is in fact implying it at least ended amicably, he's not yet considering it as an option, and is instead rationalizing things that worry him about it, like the age difference. Basically, it's the same Sherlockian plan that we got through most of the series-- Sherlock withholds crucial information from John, and John misinterprets the situation as much better/safer than it actually is as a result, because making the leap to assume the horrible twist that Sherlock has left out on his own is ridiculous.
John sits back with a terrible, overeager grin, pinning flailing fists to the ice, panting and looking as if he wants to still throw one punch more. He glances back over his shoulder to the Yard, making sure backup is on its way, and finally swivels back to face Sherlock, just in time to see him raise a hand and beam with his best smile.
He flits across the room to Donovan instead, all but dragging her with him without bothering to stop to ask. She stumbles in heels, a little startled yelp as she struggles for balance, but Sherlock's hands are already flying and all there is for her to do is keep up.
He wondered if it'd darken, when she got older. Many babies were born with light hair, only for it to darken later in infancy. If Mary had been dyeing her hair, even when he'd met and married her. If even that had been a lie, or--
Sherlock heaved out a long, shaking sigh, rubbing a hand down his face. "I'm realising now that what occurred then was probably a panic attack. Or something of that nature. I'd had them before, with Oscar, but this was the worst one. I nearly passed out and was thoroughly convinced that I was going to die, despite--"
"What? No, Sherlock, what are you--?" Rolling his eyes, John ducked around him, stowing the disguise back in the closet to bring out one of the dress shirts instead. The blue one. "Sorry, but I think he'd be a little confused if you showed up with another man's shirt on."
It was just how everything had been before, he realised dully. Made to stand out and feel important. Feel that someone thought he was
because maybe it wasn't. Maybe it was just who Sherlock was, and inevitable result of a man in his late thirties going on his
Lestrade is on the floor behind him, one hand reached out to him while the other tries to reach for Sherlock but is frozen in midair; the stricken look on his face spells out exactly how little he knows what to do. Sherlock himself is tucked as far away from them all as he can get. It reminds John of that night in the hospital, the first time he'd woken up, and his only instinct had been to make himself as small as possible. To hide in the further corner and tuck himself into the tightest space.
than he is protecting him from any future threat. He'd already protected John in 2012, and this was how it all ended up. He doesn't have it in him to do that again.
what Sherlock is doing, but he's just smart enough to admit that it's necessary. "All right, all right. I'm sure Mrs. Hudson will be thrilled, at any rate." He hesitates again, watching Sherlock with just a tinge of worry. "You'll text me, if you want me to come back. For any reason."
It's late at night, by now, with Sherlock having sequestered himself in one of the seedier parts of London. It's a decidedly unsafe spot to be, this time of day. He doesn't really care. In fact, he's almost hoping a mugger or someone of similar repute will notice him, aggressively chainsmoking, and settled two back allies away from the street. He's in the mood for a fist fight... and
"Yeah? And maybe that's why people don't like you. Come on, budge over a bit." He nudged Sherlock just a little further down, so he could hitch a leg onto the table and settle an arm around Sherlock's shoulders. "Sebastian... Sebastian Wilkes? At the chemistry building?"
"Oh. Yes. Quite." Sherlock swiveled back to the filing cabinet, using his collar to hide his face. "Call Mrs. Hudson. We're busy here, John, it's a
Mycroft sighs, folding his fingers together with a very prim sort of attitude. He'd look at home arrogantly flipping a magazine, or sipping a cup of tea with his pinky in the air. He does not, in any way whatsoever, look at home here. "I've come to transfer Sherlock to a private clinic. All paid for, of course, and perfectly discreet. It comes quite highly recommended, and if he would prefer, you could research the facility yourself. It will provide the best of care."
Sherlock noticed, of course. He glanced at John, then down to their hands, drawing his finger down one of his. "He is a reprehensible human being that made a habit of sexually abusing his students, all while being convinced he was God's gift to science, and likely has a personality disorder of some kind. I know all of this, John. But he did make me feel... good. As long as I was capable of meeting his increasingly impossible standards, which I always was, he loved to make me feel unendingly special in return."
Then, after rounding it off with a lukewarm cup of coffee, he squares his shoulders, and marches back to Sherlock's room.
But he just kept his mouth shut. He grabbed the flannel from the table instead and started patting his face dry, obscuring his expression underneath the faded green cotton and remnants of shaving cream, and still glared down at the table rather than up at him.
John thinks helplessly, crumbling back. He clenches his hands in his lap and feels like nothing more than a useless, ineffectual lump.
Maybe... Sherlock just didn't want to risk it? He really didn't drink often, after all; maybe he was worried it'd make him slow and stupid, for this date he was so nervous about. Maybe--
And when he runs out of those words, he finds new ones. He puts down Sherlock's chart and reads from his phone instead. He reads cases from the blog, and comments that have come in over the last week worried about him and wishing him well. He reads the most recent stream of text messages aloud where Sherlock whinged, tantrumed, and demanded that John get milk. He keeps reading until his voice is hoarse and even then he keeps on going, leaning over with his head propped up just by Sherlock's ear.
John closed his eyes, his throat throbbing. So Mycroft had been right, then. "You were fifteen. He was what, thirty-five?"
He smiled fondly, and settled Sherlock's arm back more comfortably on the mattress. "You'll be fine," he murmured. "Probably with one hell of a headache tomorrow,  I think. But that's okay. This is just a small setback. You'll feel better soon, and then we'll manage this, yeah? We'll manage this tomorrow, together. No more secrets."
If Sherlock could live without cocaine and heroin to turn off whatever hell he was feeling right now, then John was pretty sure he could live without that.
John was honestly started to get a little unsettled, now. Sherlock was still just staring at him, his eyes pale and wide, like the day John had asked him to be his best man. Except now it was over a suit and the right color of dress shirt. "I don't know, whatever matches, Sherlock." He once again grabbed an item from the closet, adding it to the cotton draped over his arm. "Come on, I know you're not really this thick, you'd said you'd been on dates before--"
might just materialise right there on his coffee table. "Jesus, that's great. What are you thinking, Sherlock? A forensics degree? You could--"
He presses his face to Sherlock's hair for a moment, breathing deeply in the scent of him. Warm and familiar and his expensive coconut shampoo.
"Hm. Yeah. I know. I don't care." John didn't bother to advance further, and he didn't bother to crack his knuckles or make a fist. He didn't need a show of force to intimidate this whiny, pathetic slime any more than he already had. "If Sherlock calls you, then you'd just better figure out something to tell him. Brainstorm a bit; give being responsible a try." He smiled again, and here, he crouched just a bit down. Just low enough to meet the man down on his pathetic level. "Like you should've done when you had a fifteen year old in your office."
In the front seat, Greg snorted, rolling his eyes back to the road. "You just don't like them because they made you do homework and sit in class."
They'd only gotten into this mess by refusing to actually sit down have a bloody conversation. John was not keen on repeating the mistakes that had led them here.
"Both? Hang on, hang on, all right, no... coke?" He frowns, giving Sherlock a disgruntled look as he takes the cash. "Cat got your tongue? Wait for me a moment."
"And how's Sherlock doing, then?" Greg asked next, his voice wary. Clearly, he was fishing. "You said he wasn't feeling up to coming with you today?"
Sherlock dodges a serious psych consult by virtue of having the British government for a big brother, and is able to get license to go home by simply shaking his head, when asked several pointed questions about self-harm, depression, and suicidal ideation. John can't believe such a mute interview is really all that helpful, but he wants Sherlock to come home, so he keeps his mouth shut. He doubts the staff is all that happy about it, either.
"Mhmm." John grinned, stepping all the way back against the cab. "And... how do you feel right now, Sherlock?"
Mrs. Hudson tsks in quiet disapproval, shaking her head. But she smiles all the same, squeezing his hands just a bit like a proud mother. "Then I won't say anything," she promises, and holds a finger to her lips.
When just sitting there in silence did not magically yield Sherlock a lightbulb of understanding, Lestrade heaved a very long, loud groan, one that weighed with exasperation in every syllable. "I mean, really," he muttered to himself, working his way up to his feet. "Idiots, the both of you."
At half past nine at night, totally alone and on an utterly isolated campus, John met Dr. Oscar Wilson properly for the first time.
It really was supremely irritating, when suspects decided to fight back with something other than their fists. How was he supposed to defend himself against a baseball bat? John's gun?
It also so happened that Sherlock would probably be able to make quite a lot of use, out of John keeping his emergency medicine knowledge up to date. But
"I know," Sherlock said, his voice muffled into John's jumper. He shuddered and sniffed, curled over onto himself even more, his drying hair now almost fluffy and tickling the bottom of his chin. "Of course it's logical. I came up with it."
They sink down together, John into the only chair so Sherlock onto the floor. He keeps his hands around John's fists and leaves them there when they finally unclench, his fingers grasping into Sherlock's like he's drowning and Sherlock is his raft, and Sherlock presses closer. He can't stop John from gasping so he just meets his frantic eyes and stares back until he understands.
He went to the floor of the crime scene first, to the labs and researchers that they had met last time. Professional smile firmly in place, introducing himself as a police consultant, standing firmly in every doorway and refusing to allow himself to be dismissed away.
He misses Sherlock's voice. It is the lowest, sexiest voice he's ever heard. It's just as much uniquely
"I'm worried about you, you know." He pauses at the arm of the couch, his fingers flexing and digging into the arm of it. "I can tell when something's wrong. I'm not stupid, Sherlock." He waits for a moment, and when Sherlock does not respond, gently tugs his hand free from where it's clawing into the blanket. "You can tell me. Even if you think I can't help. Even if there really isn't anything I can do. You scare the hell out of me when you try and do things alone."
"In any case," Sherlock went on, his smile fading. "By the end, the whole panel had been hearing stories for those same months about how I skipped lab and meetings, that my work was shoddy, and that my research was incompetent. Mycroft oafishly trying to pull strings just made it worse."
The man simply raises a hand in farewell. He clearly has no eagerness to stay. "Best of luck, John," he says, only to pause again, foot halfway out the door. "You'll need it. Sherlock likely has a very good idea what we've been discussing down here for so long, and I can guarantee he will not be appreciative."
" Sherlock shifted, rolling his long, lean leg a little. "Not unless you force me to eat something."
He sighs, burrowing deeper under the sheets for a moment. Just one soft, warm, addictive moment. The warmth is intoxicating, and the feeling is borderline criminal, when he has to slip his arm out just enough to palm his mobile and switch off the coming alarm. He stays curled up there in a warm, lax ball, just breathing in the sleepy light of early morning, slowly flexing each of his fingers to feel the stretch and ache in his shoulder.
It felt like he'd just been served a plate of... of expensive oysters or caviar or escargot. Something very wonderful and socially acceptable, that he was meant to be excited for. And yet it did nothing but turn his stomach.
Ice freezes in John's stomach. "We've been on a case," he spits past gritted teeth. "He's never eaten when he's on a case, Mycroft." God knows this isn't something he wants to defend, and Mycrof is
Lestrade is saying something, his voice low and urgent, but the words don't filter in until Sherlock realises his own have died in his throat, flagging underneath the stab that goes all the way through his chest. He's short of breath and panting, and it
it was. It was already unforgivable without this part to begin with, but this, too? On top of everything else?
He spends a few minutes alternating between searching through the pictures, building up what he wants to says in his head, and keeping an eye on Lestrade. Ordinarily he'd be pacing, speaking it through aloud, but his chest hurts and his tongue is dry and the longer he sits down here, the more he really just wants to lie down.
"I know that you have been struggling to find research collaborations for years, in no small part because you are a second-rate scientist that attaches yourself to the hard work of others, and that reputation has finally spread. I know that the only reason you're still employed is because Cambridge enjoys the prestige of an award that you didn't even earn. I
was several hundred miles off with a broken nose-- they were going to have a talk. They were going to have a long, very clear talk, about Sherlock hurting himself for John's sake. Because it kept happening, and it wasn't okay. John's own happiness could not come at the expense of Sherlock's suffering and for Sherlock to keep acting as if it did wasn't only hurting himself, it was hurting John, too. This could not go on.
seriously, but John means it. Sherlock is still hurt and if he tries to go gallivanting across the city, he will get hurt worse. John is not going to let that happen.
to sit here with Sherlock in ICU, his angry pulse fluttering underneath gauze and John's thumb, and watch him sleep through enough sedation to knock out a bull.
is, at this stage. Maybe you're coming down with something." John started to withdraw and then stopped, going over Sherlock's words in his head. "Would that be since we took the Cambridge case, then?"
John turns away to cover his mouth, swallowing desperately at bile. His leg aches and he has to pace before it buckles underneath him. This is so much worse. It's not because Mycroft doesn't take him seriously, it's not because Mycroft thinks he couldn't handle it, not because Mycroft is trying to manage so much else at any one moment that he simply forgot.
His place, right now, was at home with Sherlock. And working things out so that nothing this stupid ever happened again.
It was something he'd never forgive his dad for. It was also something he'd never forgive himself for.
Dr. Andrews blinked, his turn around back to welcoming instantly put back on ice. Clearly, he had expected to find some sort of camaraderie, in dealing with the eccentric and impolite Sherlock Holmes. Equally as clear was that he wasn't used to being stood up to. "Oh-- no, it's not like that. I'm sorry, Dr. Watson," he assured, and had the bloody gall to
he groans, waving a hand to encompass his entire, desperately unhappy visage. "I'm fine. Obviously. And even if I wasn't, there's hardly any way you could have possibly known." Sherlock rubs his face again and tries very hard to shut his overactive brain
Sherlock grins wryly at John, when the next shove is turned into John shouldering the second idiot straight off the pavement.
Next chapter is an important one! *spraybottles Mycroft in preparation* Chapters 2 and 3 are more fillery, which is why I posted this on early, so I can try and post the next one soon!
Mycroft does love Sherlock. That much is clear, purely from the quietly distressed look on his face alone. He may have absolutely no idea how to show it, and he may drive John up the wall with his mere existence, and Sherlock might spit fire and vitriol at him from the moment that he wakes up, but Mycroft does love Sherlock. Being here, and seeing him like this, is no easier for him than it is for John.
John is- gloriously happy, nowadays. Lighter, and smiling more; he is positively incandescent. He has been on cloud nine ever since monopolizing Mycroft's services as a divorce attorney.
He's been frustrated for days. Even unable to say so, Sherlock has clearly been increasingly upset and frustrated. At the hospital staff, for being too stupid and slow-minded to pick up on his silent wishes. At Mycroft, for existing in general. At himself, for being unable to speak.
He'd deduced all of this already, in the fallout of the case last night... quite obvious, really. Sherlock had returned home quickly after, the crisis entirely solved, and expecting John to follow. Because the crisis had been solved, had it not? Criminals, all arrested. Case, neatly solved. Priceless artefact, soon to be returned. Sarah Sawyer a little worse for wear- and he
"Have dinner..." John does stop for a moment there. He pulls back just far enough to blink at him, and then his face transforms into another grin. "Is that a euphemism? Really?
he only eats enough to keep them from putting the feeding tube back in, and that's not enough. It's not even close. The bruises are fading but somehow that makes him look even worse, grey-scale and washed out, the only spots of color the reds and browns underneath bandages. Even his striking eyes look grey, today.
"Did you just." He stops, swallowing wetly, and suddenly is back on the bed with Sherlock. "Was that--" And now the smile is back after all, small and tentative, dawning over him like he can barely believe it's true. But it is true. It
"Have a nice date," he sighs, shutting his eyes. "Third one? He's a nurse... at this hospital. You're going... to... see a movie?"
He doesn't want to think about how that excuse might have to change, if this goes on long enough that that stops being believable. Because it won't. This is
Sherlock ruins John's proposal with terrible French and an even worse mustache. He recognises Mary for who she is with the box of the ring still in her hand, and he tells John and swabs an eraser through Mary right then and there. He sees John is about to propose and he realises he ruined John's life and he stays away. He turns around and walks away and stays away. He never goes to the restaurant at all. He dies in Serbia and stays dead.
Sherlock just stared at him, his brow furrowed now and his mouth sunk into a tiny, strained frown. But John knew what was behind his eyes, because he'd heard it the night before on that bloody call.
John turned back just in time to catch Sherlock's face settling into another cross between exasperation and disgust. One of the ogling university staff had taken notice of them. Before, he'd been lingering at the crime scene tape, trying to see what was going on over the heads of the forensic techs, but now he'd noticed Sherlock. Another professor, by the looks of him, and staring at Sherlock in very ill-disguised surprise.
. Of course he's not slowing down. Sherlock must have a thousand deductions built up behind the dam, he must know everything about those two men from a glance at the files alone. He must have everything Mycroft could possibly want to know, just bouncing around in his brilliant head, and now after six weeks it's finally coming out.
Lestrade hasn't been around much, by virtue of Sherlock not wanting it. The only person to have really seen much of Sherlock since he's lost his voice has been Mrs. Hudson, because not even Sherlock can not tell her no. Mycroft makes appearances whenever he pleases, and everyone else, Sherlock is not shy about shooing them away. He had accepted a box of cold cases from Lestrade, back when he had first come home, and has since refused anything more. He does not want to be seen like this.
he wants to reset time, he can't. Even if he moves into Baker Street and they never see Mary again that John is not ever coming back.
When John had encouraged Sherlock to go out on a case, he really hadn't done it so he could be sent out to investigate
Instead, what John sees is Sherlock, pinned down on his stomach, a uniformed constable holding him there with a heavy knee and his arms cuffed behind his back. His left arm in particular is bent further than he knows the barely healed fracture can tolerate, and there's a scrape on his face that says he didn't go down easy.
Realisation dawned. Realisation right in tandem with John, standing up beside the A&E bed to shoulder on his jacket.
"I will, Osc... Dr. Wilson." Victor slid another step back, chewing hard on his pen. He lingered in the doorway, his fingers scratching hard at his earring all of a sudden, dark eyes darting between the professor and Sherlock.
He shook his head severely, back and forth, just once. Wet bile still hovered at the back of his throat. "I watched the video."
no. Not like this. No, he couldn't let his daughter around a using drug addict, but this wasn't fair; this wasn't Sherlock's fault. Or it was, but--
A moment later, they both hear the swing of the door downstairs, and the unmistakeable tread of heavy footsteps on the stairs.
He says something, they say something back, and he has to invent something to say in reply. He can't write a script for it any more; he has to be able to craft something to say right on the spot.
He slams the door back to Sherlock's room so loud it rattles on the hinges. His heart is pounding so hard he can barely see and his breaths hiss out of control, a pressure crushing down on his chest like the weight of an elephant. He still wants to break something.
They got back from the pool together, cold, wrapped in garish orange shock blankets, and silent, at well past one in the morning.
"I'm not saying this as an excuse, by the way. I haven't lived at home in almost twenty years; at some point you have to stop blaming your mistakes on your parents. I'm also not saying this to make you feel obligated to tell me things in return. I'll listen to whatever you have to say but I don't want you to feel like you
He kissed him until his face had started to finally soften under his hands, and he'd finally fought the start of a smile out of him. He kissed him again and curled his hands in his still damp, drying hair.
"My apologies," he said again, around a thoroughly fake and insincere, condescending sneer. He'd learned how to do it from Oscar. "Oscar?"
Then he double backed to swing back around the open doorway, and looked down at him in wide-eyed shock.
Mid-twenties, if he had to put a guess on it. Though with the regrettable personal grooming and hygiene of the average teenager. The state of his clothes suggested that he'd slept at lab the past two days, perhaps three, and by the mustard stain on the ill-fitting lab coat, had also been subsisting off whatever he could find at the cafe downstairs. By the glint of the earring in his left ear, very, very gay: by the way he'd looked at Sherlock upon meeting him, very, very not interested. In fact, by the way he kept flipping papers on his clipboard, marking notes rapidly down on the last sheet, nothing at all about Sherlock was his first priority today. He kept shoving his pen behind his ear, dislodging his glasses, and clearly had not noticed that the pen was leaking, and the shell of his ear was staining more and more blue.
if you can just explain what you're here for?" Her hand inches closer to what John knows must be the panic button. "Do you need to see a doctor?"
When they exhaust the information they can get out of head scans, they move on to the even more rare and ludicrous. They're running the gauntlet, on anything at all that might cause aphasia as a side-effect, plausible or not, but-- it's
that makes his blood pound. It hurts and he wants to scream and tear things apart, and apologise on his knees and beg John to let this somehow be enough and burn the world to cigarette ash all in the same breath.
It took another moment. Of Sherlock's horribly uncharacteristic stammering, his words low and stilted and John never wanted to hear him sound like that again. But then, what Sherlock was trying to tell him clicked, and John heard the core of what was underneath the fumbling words, and what it was that he could not say.
Slowly, carefully, Sherlock sits back upright. The movement alone is enough for a renewed pang in his chest, but John isn't looking at him now, and he's safe to rub at the wound with the heel of his hand and choose his words very exactly. Clearly, John's mind has already gone to the heart of the matter, so an introduction is not necessary. All that is needed is the explanation.
It speaks volumes, about what he dreams about. It speaks volumes about what they did to him. It speaks volumes about what Sherlock's priorities are even now, so traumatised he can't speak and hurt more than they will likely ever know, but the one thing he cares about is making sure John is okay.
Francis pauses, watching him with careful, quiet eyes. His own encouraging smile starts to dim. "Something about this frustrates you."
He had never meant to bait Oscar into insulting him, or talking about Victor. He certainly hadn't wanted it to end with his brain contracted around a needle point of white-hot fury, but here he was, shivering just outside the men's toilets, nauseated and furious and John's name in his hands the only lifeline he had.
He hadn't understood it at all, when investigating the lady in pink and the baby she'd lost years and years before. At the look on John's face, he doesn't want to understand it now.
because John was still his friend, his best friend, but now he was even more. "Is this okay?" he asked, very close, his hand cupping the nape of his neck. "Do you want to keep doing this a little more?"
He can't stand knowing that he's spent weeks trying to muscle Sherlock into seeing a therapist, that Mycroft likely wouldn't be here at all if John hadn't told him so in asking for his help. He can't stand that he asked for Mycroft's help at all, when he'd known exactly how furious Sherlock would be at him for it but he'd gone and opened his mouth anyway, and now here they are.
motions. There's no case that rises above a four, and he wants to wilt into the floor because of it. John, by the increased frequency of cups of tea delivered to him, can tell something is on his mind. John is, once again, worried about him.
Tonight, Sherlock has chronic pain and nightmares and can't speak and sees a therapist, and he has never been happier in his life. He is re-pieced together again, the puzzle pieces fit with the exacting, precise skill of a surgeon, and it is absolutely absurd, but this exact moment is one that he wants to preserve in the whole of the palace. To let it expand and overwrite every room until this is all that he is. He is
It's painkillers as well. Half the reason he's so worked up is probably the increasing discomfort and the sudden lack of calming, sleep-inducing painkillers. Reintroducing the medication flow is only going to help him getting a compliant Sherlock back to bed.
He steeples his hands, searching for the words best designed to earn sympathy and draw out a medical concern. John likely wants this conversation over just as much as he does, so all he really needs is to give him the excuse, and then-
the hot fury swelling inside him again. No. Sherlock is not fine. He is not remotely fine, and he is not going to be fine for a very long time. "His condition is unchanged. No. I wanted to talk to you for a moment, Mycroft."
Sherlock hadn't used to let John be in the room, when he went into the palace. Sherlock is so incredibly active and expressive, when he takes a trip through his own mind, whatever filters he so religiously employs in the day-to-day stripped away-- in some ways, this Sherlock is more genuine than anything else about him that he will ever see. Whatever files he sifts through in his head, he often waves his hands through them, right for John to see. Whatever revelations he has, they play out in full, beautiful display, right there on his clever face.
A hesitant warmth roots in his chest, unfolding just enough to make his mouth want to smile. He blinks back instead, his throat closed, and John gives him another grin that is almost delirious in its level of contentment.
Tell him to do it!" John covered his mouth again, his fingers digging together just to stop himself from slamming a hand into the nearby table or wall. Because wasn't that how he'd gotten into this mess in the first place? Not being able to stop himself from hitting something?
"Turned up on your doorstep?" He laughs, and the sound is so warm and infectious and heavy Sherlock wants to wrap his arms around it and bury it right in the hole left by the bullet. "You mean you took one look at me and decided I was going to be your new flatmate, no matter what I thought about it! Didn't even wait twelve hours before kidnapping me to a crime scene."
"Yes. You're a smart-mouth, too. Smart-fingers." He presses Sherlock's hand to his mouth instead, kissing his fingers, and there is nothing there but fondness. There is nothing there that his overactive brain has put together over the months and instead just so much genuine affection and warmth that he wants to crawl into bed, sod the virus, and never leave it again.
"John," Lestrade starts quietly. The look on his face makes Sherlock's stomach knot. "Maybe you should--"
He goes down so easily John knows the only reason he'd gotten the better of Sherlock at all is because Sherlock is still one six foot collection of healing scars and soreness and physical therapy, and that makes John hit him right in the fucking face for the third time.
John hated him. But this man had never hit Sherlock. Not once. This man had never thrown him down onto the cold, metal floor, feeling his ribs crack under his foot, and then just turned around and walked away. John had given up any right he'd ever had to have that Sherlock the day he'd wrote that fucking letter. He still could scarcely believe it that Sherlock even allowed him to be his friend at all.
And now, we get to Ranowa's grudge against upper academia and one of the original inspirations for the fic transparently beginning to play itself out...
sculptures to adorn the grounds with and executive bonuses. Perish the thought immediately that they actually care about their students." He tsked his tongue again, glaring between the floors display and his watch. "As if it would
warm and steady and soft, and the pressure did relieve the pounding in his head, just a little. Sherlock very quickly found himself content to simply use the warm curve of John's shoulder as a pillow.
it! He didn't actually get as far as doing it, obviously, but- it was a worthy consideration! A controlled fire, of course, designed to look as if an experiment had gotten out of control, and had only claimed Milgram as its casualty. And, possibly, one or two of John's more hideous jumpers.
Sherlock opened and shut his mouth, the muscles in his jaw jumping. Once again clearly disliking the spotlight, he broke gazes with John, rubbing the heel of his hand over his chest. "What exactly-- is the point of this?" He rubbed the scar again, twisting a fistful of dressing gown into his fingers and over his chest. "Mary is dead. Which, by the way, is much worse off than me. I'm fairly sure you're not meant to speak ill of the dead."
John staggers off his shoulder, right into the middle of their group of idiots. He gets pushed off from one moron to another and Sherlock staggers with him, and John makes up for Sherlock's silence with a loud grunt of his own, pinwheeled from one to the other. "Excuse--" he shouts, "
This is-- normal. This is what people do, isn't it? He is taking a dog for a walk in the park. That is all this is. This is
understand. "Why do you keep saying it's okay? This wasn't the first time. I want to promise it'll never happen again but you have no reason to even believe me. I-- you said it was okay
staring at Sherlock's corded back and the curled wriggle of a scar up from his collar-- he's so cold, he's trying so
There was still definitely something to be worried about here, something that he was missing, but... it wasn't that. No. There had to be another piece he was missing.
It doesn't look like 2012 John. This John is older. This John is tired. This John is wounded and he hurts and so much of it is Sherlock's fault, and no matter how
John nodded once, forcing himself not to look away. Okay. He could pour out every bloody drink in the flat. If Sherlock could stay clean for him, then he could do this for him.
He practises speaking when John is not home the most. At first, it's to simply rehabilitate his own voice, coaxing it out of its hoarse ruin of croaked syllables and parched words into something serviceable again, in the hopes that his first deduction won't end in a coughing fit. But then when his voice starts gaining strength he keeps at it, because he can't stop. It's addictive and amazing, it makes him feel alive and like each word is its own little goldmine of a case or shot of cocaine, a little high with
. He gulps up soup with unnecessary vehemence, just to loudly slurp over the phone. He hopes Mycroft is scandalized. "If you're done keeping my doctor awake during his dinner break, then? Go on, run along and make yourself useful, now.
Sherlock kept his eyes shut, his face calm, and his entire body perfectly still. He very clearly had no intention of responding whatsoever, or moving in any way.
It's an uncomfortable question, and one Sherlock doesn't particularly want to answer. It frames everything the wrong way, it paints it all as a selfless sacrifice, and it makes his skin crawl. What was he meant to do? Ruin the wedding, after he'd already ruined the proposal and the two years before it? For that matter, sit back and watch Moriarty burn the city to the ground? It doesn't make him an angel to cross swords with the devil.
There is pitifully little in his stomach to get rid of. He finds himself spitting bile and nothing more, making disgusting, involuntary noises in the back of his throat until his empty stomach aches. God
John crossed back into the sitting room, trying to will back down his foul mood as he reclaimed his chair. He definitely tried even harder not to think about all the outfits he'd seen in Sherlock's closet, and how he really, really hoped the smartest man in London could get the hang of getting dressed without him. He really wasn't sure how many dates he could manage to handhold him through.
They make a solid amount of progress on the case, and end up being bade to go home only when it's late enough John can tell all of Lestrade's team is begging for it. It's their Saturday, too, after all, and he can't ask them to all give it up for the sake of keeping Sherlock occupied.
he'd just be able to speak on top of it. And no matter what else happened after it, Sherlock would always remember this, and he'd remember the role John had, unwittingly or not, played in it. He'd have being dragged off and locked away stamped back in his mind as an ever-present threat, should he ever slip again. Should he ever fail. Should he ever not be
John swallows the words in his own mouth, and kisses him hard, right there in the middle of their kitchen.
"If Oscar makes me feel like this then John can only be worse. He could kill me, Myc'oft. And I'd let him do it. He can have everything, Mycroft," Sherlock sobbed, his voice muffled again, "I'd give him
"And how's everything else?" John pressed, unable to help himself. "Some muscle aches are normal, still, and so is insomnia, but--"
Several minutes passed, with nothing to break the silence but the occasional clink of his cup of tea, and the shuffle of papers between them as they searched for the figurative smoking gun.
"Brain is the new sexy," Irene Adler tells him, and John doesn't get jealous over 58 text messages, because this is what should have been and John is an unbearable, unthinking, unbreathing
He still had broken ribs. Even if he'd never relapsed at all, he'd still need at least another week of convalescence before he ought to be leaving the flat on more than a trip to Tesco's, and a week more after that before any serious physical activity like chasing a suspect. This, John would put his foot down on, because the last thing Sherlock needed was a re-hospitalisation, temptation of morphine, and a punctured lung. He still had broken ribs, and he looked like he'd been punched in the face. Because he'd been punched in the face.
Sherlock scanned the restaurant, his eyes narrowed as they slid over Oscar again and again, filtering deductions in until he found what he was searching for. He sniffed once, tugging hard on his coat, trying to sober himself up on the feel of the Belstaff alone. It had been easier to shower off a high with Janine.
"Sherlock," he started, a few sips of tea into it. When he thought he just might've calmed down, just a little bit. "I don't hate you. You frustrate me, and you're an obnoxious bastard, and... yeah, I guess I do hate what you do. I hate watching you waste who you could be and you scare the hell out of me, because I'm pretty sure you're going to kill yourself one day. But I don't hate you."
He can do this. There is nobody here that knows him. There is nobody here that is even watching or listening. He is just a man walking a dog. There are no expectations to meet, or requirements for him to fail. It is just him, and Bosco.
It had been so much easier to just let Sherlock convince him to go back to her. It had been so much easier to just tell himself that he'd forgiven her, and that he still loved her.
Sherlock's nervous, ever fluttering hands, wrung together and gone stock still. His long, white fingers are curled around each other, twisted against his wrists, a spotlight shining on the lines and lines of red scratches. Anxious, raw marks, cut by Sherlock's own fingernails into Sherlock's own skin. He can not hide them, and he can not pretend they are anything other than what they are. Sherlock is so anxious by what is happening here right now that he has scratched his own arms red, raw, and bleeding.
"Those are two mutually exclusive statements, actually." John reached out and felt his cheek, but the skin was cool. "Do you mean you feel nauseated?"
He delves deep into the palace, stalking down to the destroyed and dangerous wings in a disgusted rage. The corridors are cold and drafty, untouched for months and months, the floors still slick with blood and tar and the walls crumbling, and it is--
Sherlock was completely dead to the world. As tall and lanky as he was, Mycroft had clearly had difficulty getting him up the stairs, and given up entirely on battling a probably still drunkenly intractable Sherlock to stay comfortably in bed. Instead, Sherlock had wound up poured onto his side on top of of the blankets, halfway drooling onto his pillow, still fully dressed, and into such an awkward sprawl of numb limbs that he might've passed for dead.
When they got to Cambridge, he was shot out of the car before Greg had even turned the engine off, and on his way to march inside.
Sherlock rolls his brilliant, sea-green eyes. And he fights it, but there's a smile there, now. There's just the faintest twitch of a smile, and his answer is to suck on the pen even harder, like a belligerent child sticking out their tongue.
"I do. God help me." He pauses a moment, his gaze lingering again out the window, and swipes a bite from Sherlock's plate. "I also don't mind the free cake, though."
"...I suppose it is. But..." He hesitates, looking over Sherlock with a trained, tired eye. "Are you sure you'll be all right? It's not for that much longer- and you'd have to
John was going to his conference, then. And Sherlock's standard methods of persuasion were not going to be enough to block it, this time.
John looked away again. He wasn't the world's biggest fan of hypotheticals like this-- it wasn't real, so what did it matter?-- but he could already see where Ella was going with this, and she'd already proven herself to be very, very good at what she did. So he swallowed his pride and he did it. He pictured the young, pretty doctor at the surgery, the one he might've been able to see himself with in another life. There was no interest there, now. She was smart, and pretty, and polite, and perfectly lovely. And there was no interest there at all.
Don't worry-- John realizes Sherlock hasn't been entirely honest with him very soon. Things are about to kick up, starting with the next chapter :)
Sherlock did end up going on the date after all. He sat twitchily in his chair with his head in his knees, nothing at all like a man excited to go on a date should look, and John felt worse and worse by the bloody minute, but when it came time to go, he didn't even need to be reminded. Sherlock got to his feet and shouldered on his coat and scarf like a suit of armor. He buttoned the Belstaff as high as he could and pulled his scarf into an even tighter knot than usual, his back to John, and whatever nerves there'd been in him before, they were hidden now underneath the veneer of the famous coat and his steely eyes.
John waved his mobile at him as he strode inside, kicking the door back shut. "Told them I had an emergency with Milgram. Got lots of well-wishes that my son would be all right and promises to see me next time."
He signs furiously. He signs furiously and desperately in-between deep gasps and looking worse and worse when it is clear nobody can understand him.
It's swollen and red, dotted with sweat with his brilliant eyes shut. They had to shave a patch of his ridiculous hair and the rest is limp and matted, curls twisted together into knots that have solidified with old crusts of blood.
This wouldn't end like Sherlock and Victor had. For any number of reasons, really, but he heard what Sherlock was most worried about there, and it wouldn't happen. That couldn't happen to them.
John stays still. His back to Sherlock, he stares down now at the heating up kettle, gone very tense and stiff, like a coiled spring. He's listening, and he already doesn't like what he's hearing.
There are footsteps on the stairs behind them. John, for one moment, Sherlock still shivering in his arms and whiter than his shirt, is more than ready to shout at whoever the fuck it is to get the hell out.
Because the truth is, there is no answer to this. Not if it is a solution that Sherlock doesn't want.
"That... happens, sometimes," he managed, almost coughing the words out. He swallowed again, his mouth suddenly bone-dry, and peered closer at Sherlock's face. "Almost done, I think. Just hold still for a little bit longer." He glanced up to meet Sherlock's gaze and ended up trailing over the stitches. "These are ready to come out too. I can do it now, unless you want to wait for your next check-up?"
"Well, he's refused outpatient treatment thus far, as we've discussed, John. You have already expressed to me that you think treatment would be a good idea... the next logical step is, naturally, inpatient."
Sherlock took another deep, steadying breath, and looked back down at the golden-brown shine of whiskey in his hand.
He stands in the sitting room, his eyes squeezed shut and sniffling quietly into his hands, stamping down the wave of emotion until it is thoroughly corralled. His rubs his eyes with one sleeve, cradling the precious paper in the other hand.
He still can't do it with John, yet. Or at crime scenes, or in Molly's morgue, or with clients at Baker Street. It's never anywhere that it actually matters. An address given to a cabbie, a greeting to the boy with the delivery Thai, asking a cashier for the cigarettes behind the counter. Short, brief interactions, ones that he can write a script for in his head, ironing out every syllable and contour past the point where it's anything but autopilot. It's the same strategy he'd employed as a child, away at boarding school, but now it's even easier; now he
John moved in because he was remarkable, and stayed because he was amazing. He certainly did not sign up for
"That's something we'll talk more about tomorrow," he landed on, and the words were a lot sterner than he really felt. "But you were fifteen. He was the adult."
He set kettle up to boil in a continued silence. It was awkward, again, painfully, unbearably awkward, the same quiet that had suffocated the flat the last time John had been here, on Sherlock's birthday. There was still this gap between them, a space that had never been there before, and John didn't know what to do to breech it.
"That's not enough, Mycroft. That, on its own, is not enough. And that's all that it is." He looks at Sherlock, because he
The silence lasts until they get to the lift, Lestrade stabbing the button like it said something terribly offensive. Sherlock sulks, still working to get his breaths under control, and would rather prefer just melting into the floor to never get up again.
He thought about how Oscar had reacted, the first times he'd tried to tell him no. How he'd just brushed it off, and kept pushing until the no turned into a yes, and kept pushing from there, too, until he'd stopped saying it at all. He thought about how Oscar had reacted, the first time he'd told him
John shrugged. He didn't really care, how Sherlock had deduced it. "Yeah. Dad died years ago-- got drunk again and hit his head. I'd say it was poetic justice, but I think karma's a load of rubbish and so do you. Mum moved out of the city after... I think Harry still sends her Christmas cards."
"That's my point exactly, Sherlock," he said softly, the words just a little bit thick. "I'm not saying I don't want this to happen, because I
For one very crucial moment, it felt like time stopped. It felt like Sherlock was standing on Magnussen's patio, watching him flick John in the eye. It felt like watching John at the pavement below St. Barts' rooftop and knowing there was a sniper on his head. It felt like he had been forcibly evicted from his body and was watching
himself, but he's tried it. He's tried watching Sherlock, when he's just woken up from the torment his own incredible mind forces on him. He's tried even just kneeling there watching him caught in the throes of a nightmare, disgusted with himself the whole time but watching his mouth move. Waiting. Hoping. Heartbroken and
Sherlock, I said this means you can't be texting me to come pass you a pen or meet you at Barts or water your bloody plant. I'll be in Dublin, yeah? For five days. I won't come, not even if the world's on fire.
If he had to go on a date at all, which he didn't bloody want to in the first place, because it felt like
Fine. He's lost. He admits it, now. He's crumbled and bleeding in a ball all the way at the very bottom of the palace, shivering too badly to claw his way out, and there's no other word for it. He has
He calms down by degrees. Sherlock can feel it, in the strain of his breaths and the tightness of his fingers in his hair. He curls his arms more around his waist, wanting to press closer to John still, to just wrap himself into the warmth until it suffocates the silent anguish inside him.
Mycroft sits back with a heavy sigh, interlacing his fingers over his stomach. He does, at least, put that damn phone away. But he still doesn't, or can't, look John in the eye. "Sherlock," he starts, then shakes his head, and starts again. He frowns deeply, his gaze turning off down the corridor, all the way to his little brother's room. "As I have previously explained to you, it's extremely inconvenient to have you present on missions involving my brother. Invariably, that means bullets will be spent that I have to explain, because you are not a government agent. And then, the last thing that will help Sherlock is you, being written up or arrested for--"
He shouldn't have hit the officer. He realises that now, staring at where his knuckles are red and sore, wrapped around Sherlock's thin wrist. There's a lot of people at fault for this, but he shares perhaps the least of the blame. He was only doing his job, and Greg should've made sure everyone at the scene knew Sherlock's face before allowing a man that couldn't speak in his own defense to prance around the old house. John should've made sure to keep a closer watch.
Ella again cleared her throat. She was still carefully neutral, like a good therapist should be, but right now, the professionalism didn't help. He wanted someone to shout at him. He wanted to be blamed. He needed someone to tell him
"Sherlock?" He started back, eyes widening in surprise. His friend had once again gone motionless. Like he'd been in the car-- his face wiped clean and his eyes vacant, like he'd just... shut down. Just for a moment, but it was there. It was the look for when he'd fallen down somewhere into his mind palace and tuned out the rest of the world entirely, which was certainly something Sherlock did, but... not often like this.
"Damn it, Sherlock, you're ready to drop-- tell me what's wrong! No--" The detective starts to slip again and this time John catches him, sitting him back upright with firm hands to the shoulders. "I need you to give me
John gasped. He shook his head, squeezing his hands together so tightly his knuckles hurt. He felt almost ill. "That's not... what happened. I get that that's how it looks, okay. Like it was all a stunt for-- attention, or something. But that's not who Sherlock is. He didn't... god, Ella, he wasn't
He's still looking at him, pale and uncertain- which is better than harping on and on about addiction and the health dangers of cocaine and heroin, Sherlock supposes, but not by much. He works his mouth, hand flexing, and when he gets to his feet it's seems that he's just too full of nervous energy to sit still.
Their heavily discussed suspect, making a break for it down his fire escape. Right there in front of everyone. Or at least, everyone who actually bothers to
But he'd never told anyone before besides Ella. Certainly not Sherlock. Sherlock, who'd probably deduced it all anyway from the first five minutes of meeting him.
It's all right there, in the way John's face falls, and the easiest smile he's ever seen from him flags into nothing.
John sets both mugs down with an earth-shattering and sudden clatter, so desperately loud that Sherlock can not help it. He flinches. He flinches and is sick to his stomach for it and shuts his mouth.
He gasps in another breath. This one breaks into a silent whine and suddenly he blinks hard, wet tears spilling down one cheek. He can't stop whispering soundlessly, his mouth moving too fast for any intended words to make any sense, but he never makes even the tiniest whimper of a noise.
Sherlock didn't so much as lift his head out of the crook of John's neck. He held very, very still now, his shoulders not even rising for breath.
"I am Sherlock Holmes," he rasps, somewhat unnecessarily. His face feels hot and uncomfortable and he suddenly has to tug at his scarf, feeling close to suffocating. "Where is the honey?"
It hadn't failed at all. Christ, was that what he thought? Why was he so eager to spin everything around into being his own fault? The experiment hadn't failed, Sherlock hadn't failed, the premise had just been flawed from the very start. He... he was such a mad
Once again, this was hardly the first time that he had seen his best friend zone out like this, even standing in the middle of a corridor. John frowned, glancing again after where Oscar and Dr. Andrews had disappeared, but both of them were gone, and Sherlock was still just standing there, now blocking the way, like a soulless mannequin.
Sherlock has nightmares. He flinches, sometimes, because no matter how decisively he burns down those corridors in the palace, they keep coming back, and the flashbacks are of a similar vein in that he has no idea how to eradicate them. He must be
"No." John crosses the room again and returns with a tablet of oxycodone, his eyes stern in a glare that belies absolutely no room for argument. "Take this."
But Mycroft paid John no attention whatsoever. Mycroft continued tearing through the sitting room like a man possessed, dislodging Sherlock's mail, and his books, and his dressing gown, and the skull. "If Sherlock was clean," he hissed, crisp and angry, "then he would not be entertaining this man right now." He shut a drawer with a snap and moved on, now crossing to the bookshelf and starting flipping through one by one. "Unless this, too, was your doing?"
At the other end of the corridor, Sherlock was still waiting for the lift again, and speaking with the other professor. John was on edge again immediately, starting to pick up the pace, but at least he did not seem hostile with this man-- far from it. In fact, as John watched, Sherlock accepted his outstretched hand for a handshake and even smiled a little, and the other man passed a business card into Sherlock's grip.
to him. "It matters quite a lot, Scott," he begins, the words very carefully selected and neutral. "The inciting incident is important in figuring out the best way forward for you."
I love you. You're an idiot. I should write all the posts fromnowon. I think I'd be very good. At it. People love me." John keeps kissing him and Sherlock really ought to be kissing back but every time he tries it's wrangled into words instead, stupid words that are sloppy and barely comprehensible, nonsense words, embarrassing flops that sound like he's drunk or drugged. "You loveme. Shhe... Sherlock Holmes. I am--"
It didn't matter how much product Sherlock put in his hair, he was a man, and one of the drunken hazes of a dream he'd had last night was of shagging him into the damn mattress.
John doesn't need an explanation to be on his feet himself. The dishes are all piled quickly up in the sink and he's only just starting to toe his shoes on when Sherlock bounds back through the flat, Belstaff swishing and his face still glowing as a little boy with a puppy. He claps his hands again, all but bouncing up and down and vibrating from head to toe, and--
and they are clumsy, ineloquent, and as lacking in dramatic flair as is possible. Precisely no part of this morning has gone as it was supposed to.
The scars are all in their final stages of healing, now. John says some will still fade entirely, especially now that he's managed to stop picking at them. There is nothing prominent or disfiguring on his face or neck. His hands are almost entirely unblemished, the nails fully grown back, and his arms are clean, too. The marks on his left one are the worst, scars from reconstructive surgery tracing his forearm and wrist, but they are small and neat, and only really noticeable to someone like John, who has the background to translate what they represent.
He squeezed his eyes shut, and tried very, very hard not to picture Sherlock, in Dr. Slug in a Suit's flat. Sharing a drink or two, perhaps, a glass of whiskey of their own, or fucking Christ,
"You won't see him again," he said instead, keeping the words firm. He touched his hand against his wrist again, gently tracing the pale, warm inside. "I think you and I scared him off, last night. And if we somehow didn't, I know you'll send him packing if he ever shows his face around here again. He's scared of anyone with a backbone, and you've got more of a spine than him any day of the week, just over refusing to get the milk."
Mycroft sighs grittily. By the sound of it, he'd exited a meeting of paramount importance, when John's number had flashed across his screen.
He spoke briefly and quietly to Victor, too quietly for Sherlock to overhear. But by the look on his face, it was a reprimand of some kind. Victor was taller than him, taller than Sherlock, but seemed to shrink underneath the lecture, the previous irritation on his face doused into a blank slate as his eyes just dropped to the floor. Whatever there'd been of his confidence before, it was completely gone now. "Yes, sir," he said softly, "yes," and Sherlock grinned.
Today is the first day Sherlock has actually communicated in anything beyond a nod, or a shake of his head, or a heavy sigh, or a roll of his eyes. Those signs to Mycroft-- John hadn't realised it at the time, but those few signs were the first words he's said. And what he writes now are the first words that he's written.
"Because I didn't have to, you tended to do it all on your own, you git." John gave his ear a gentle cuff and circled the table to join him, taking the glass of whiskey for himself. "You even interrupted my own wedding with a case, remember?"
Never mind his fucking teeth. John was going to kick his bloody skull in. He was going to leave him howling in pain on the ground, the son of a
He knew he'd had worse. He'd seen the scars on his back, when he'd been in hospital after being shot. The scars that Sherlock had refused to talk about beyond
Is that a real thing? Do people do that? Is that something that people are able to do, or is that yet another idiomatic turn of phrase that makes no sense? He wishes he could ask John, but-- well, he'll google it later. If he remembers. He probably won't google it later.
John Watson is infinitely superior to sixth-date-cake-man, in every conceivable way and in all ways that still have yet to be conceived of. But he still understands the feeling well enough now that he doesn't mind all that much, being Molly's distraction for the evening, or a blunt and unskilled tool used to cheer herself up.
He supposed it was progress, at least. A few weeks ago, that voice would've been Mary's instead of his own.
Later that night, when they were back in 221B, with Sherlock still sitting cross-legged on the floor, his back to John, and matching fingers with Rosie. Rosie batted his face gently again with the bee while John heated leftovers from downstairs, because he had been right, earlier-- there was nothing edible left in the flat aside from tea.
Ella cleared her throat. Not because John had made his point, but rather because they only had the hour, and sitting here having him stew to himself wasn't all that a productive use of their time. "Similarly," she started again, "the reason Sherlock was in that dangerous situation was not because you forced him into it. It was because he chose to put himself there."
He always knew. He'd probably deduced from a loop in his handwriting that as a child he'd gotten used to scrawling his homework while in a ball in the dark underneath a bunch of coats.
"Er. I don't know. A lot, probably. Still would be nice if you'd not keep intestines next to the milk, though I'm not holding my breath." He shrugs easily, undeterred. "It's not a contest, Sherlock."
Sherlock resists again, trying to squirm, but John is not going to let that fly this time. Greg takes the hint, grasping Sherlock's other arm to help him to his feet, and between the two of them Sherlock has no choice.
"You," Sherlock said, very quietly, "are an ephebophilic narcissist that inflicts your attractions on barely legal students so your poor wife doesn't find out. You are a disgusting excuse for a human being, and you should count yourself very, very lucky that
Sherlock lets one hand go, and instead raises his fingertips, very deliberately, up to his own mouth. He lifts them away again, almost as if he's blowing him a bizarre sort of kiss, and mouthes the words.
Memories that Sherlock has, to his greatest shame, been unable to touch until now. Memories of being hit. Memories of being beaten, cut, whipped, and burned. Memories of electric shocks, stress positions, and nails being torn back. Memories of smelling salts cracked under his nose, sexual assault threatened that his dizzy, cracked skull fades to black before he can see the ending, and screaming so loud he'd torn his own throat raw.
John is so furious it takes two tries for him to even hear Lestrade at all, and he still does not care. He does not care that he just assaulted an officer right in front of Lestrade and he does not care that he wants to do it again. He wants to make him feel every bit of pain and fear that he just did to Sherlock.
and the dusty floor while surrounded by Greg and John and his arm in an incredible amount of pain is obviously not going to cut it.
Sherlock has carefully sectioned off and segregated the devastated rooms in the mind palace. The scorched, blackened corridors have been moved, put to the back and out of the way, and the rooms inside them, with all his recorded information on words and conversation and language? He does not need those rooms. He's finished building alternate entrances now, that allow him to write and to text. That's enough for him.
They'd had a prescription for a strong anti-anxiety medication, to be taken as needed. Sherlock, in his infinite wisdom, has refused to fill it.
Sherlock doesn't speak. Not to Francis, not to the receptionist, not to the group of smokers outside, not to the taxi driver on the way. He's already decided that while someday, he will speak here, it will not be a first step. John comes first. He will speak to John, before he ever speaks here.
figure. He looked at John paler than Sherlock had been this afternoon, but while Sherlock had been shaken, Mycroft stared back down at him now and the only word there was for it was anger.
one of the few things dead tissue from Molly is unable to replicate for him, and it's a bit not good to try and replicate it on his own. Not that John has permitted him to experiment with his own skin. That one has been tragically non-negotiable, he's found. But the observations alone have been incredible and vast, and just splaying his fingers over the new textures of rough, pink scars is good. He's hardly vain about imperfections to his transport, and he knows the very last thing John was ever with him for was his flawless skin.
"I don't know. I can't understand him. Sherlock, please, slow down-- damn it, you're going to hurt yourself--"
The picture clicked, and John couldn't help it. He sank deeper into his chair, and he laughed. He listened to Sherlock on the verge of tears or throwing up or both on the phone, and he laughed. "Good," he coughed, his heart heavy. "Take some deep breaths, Sherlock. It's fine if you get sick. You'll feel better after."
Oscar's smile dimmed, just a little. Like a switch had been flipped, and the adoration in his eyes started on its inevitable slide back down into disgust.
He's gone on his first case. Yes. He's proven that he doesn't need his voice to be the brilliant detective that he is.
"That's right." John did shake his hand, but only just, and maybe he wasn't quite capable of Sherlock's ice cold and murderous smile, so he just went for his own best attempt instead. He wasn't a six foot tall not-a-sociopath, but he was just as capable of laying someone flat. "You have anything else you'd like to say about my partner?"
Sherlock rasps another hollow gasp, panting as if he's just out of breath, just hanging on the edge. His shoulder flexes under John's hand.
Lestrade is still watching him, and Sherlock suddenly feels a little less confidence in assuming this'll end all that easily.
He keeps one secure hand on Sherlock's wrist, supporting his arm and measuring his pulse in one. It's still too fast. "We'll definitely get this on ice when we get home," he promises again, because for a moment he worries that it's just the pain. It easily could be. He's been there. He knows how
Sherlock waves a hand through the air, brushing aside a non-existent fly. Then he does it again, more vehemently than before, and exhales out like an angry, stuck dragon.
"You're never busy at that insipid surgery." Sherlock stands, sweeping from his chair to kneel next to his violin instead. It's perfectly in tune, the bow with not a hair out of place, and he gives the strings a careful, familiar stroke. "Your musical literacy is also higher by an astounding amount."
Bosco belongs to one of Sherlock's contacts, a former member of the homeless network who now makes his living as a software engineer, slipping Sherlock tips and what's new on the market on the side. Sherlock doesn't make his way around often, but he does just often enough that Bosco recognises his face. He loves to play and be petted, and Sherlock is helpless but to indulge him.
He runs into Lestrade on the way to the door, and the inspector only needs to take one look at him to wince in sympathy.
John can make him sob and scream his name like a vanquished virgin, for god's sake; it's as embarrassing as it is transcendent. John can dissect him into a million pieces and piece him back together whole again with the exacting skill of a surgeon, in a way that was more glorious than the purest cocaine and Sherlock's body will want to scream and-- and he can't. He
made him think he was welcome here today? Sherlock is now doubly tempted to snort every ounce of cocaine he just purchased, right there in his chair. Anything to get the poncy bastard to
He's not. He's not doing well at all. He's hyperventilating on the floor of a morgue after triggering
"Mycroft?" John drops the bags to the floor right there by the door, and he wastes no time at all in rushing to join Sherlock. He doesn't risk touching Sherlock, not yet, but he comes to stand right next to him and he knows both Holmes brothers will read it for what it means.
The remains of his cake are tucked underneath one arm-- Angelo's insistence-- while the solid warmth of John is compact under the other. They barely manage to keep quiet for Mrs. Hudson's sake, John giggling while Sherlock laughs soundlessly, punch-drunk on the triumph of a case and a fist fight and a date all in one. "That was
He is making himself at home and here he intends to stay as his minder, on until John gets home and he no longer needs one.
It was just a few minutes short of midnight, when Oscar finally set his papers down to fall all across the table before them, put his feet up, and leaned backwards with an exhausted sigh.
It takes the first few moments for it to slide from crying to sobbing. But it's not sobbing so much as great, shuddering gasps, and it's not so much gasps as it is high-pitched wheezes that border on hyperventilation. He reels back and forth on trembling legs and suddenly isn't hiding his face because he has to press a hand to his chest instead, fighting for each breath and then fighting even harder for the next.
"Chinese," Sherlock corrected mildly. He closed his eyes again, resquirming himself deeper into the sofa. "Do try to keep up, John, that
Because it wasn't. What his father had done to his mother-- that was abuse. What he'd done to Sherlock in the morgue was abuse. The domestic violence and homicide cases that he worked with Sherlock were abuse.
and Sherlock was most adept at both. He was not adept at human sentiment, or he was most certainly not adept at making anyone happy.
It hurts, and yet from all the way down here, so very far away, he hears his throat spasm out a desperate noise that is only barely recognisable as human. It is not remotely close to a word.
He doesn't make John watch. He doesn't destroy John inside and out, he doesn't give him a funeral with an empty casket, he doesn't give him a body broken on the sidewalk and it's all his fault. This time he falls and he says goodbye and he hugs John before he leaves and John hugs him back and it's all okay. It's okay. It is.
Yes, I know... a surprisingly few number of answers, for the first month. John and Mycroft actually don't have those answers yet, either, so they can't be provided here- but never fear! Because next chapter is another important one, where I deliver most of those answers that you've been asking for... :)
not that perhaps this isn't about Mycroft at all. Not entirely. Mycroft is the catalyst that caused this breakdown, but there is so much else that has led to this moment. John's growing helplessness and frustration, sentiments that Sherlock
He wanted to kill whoever the people were that had put those scars on Sherlock's back. He wanted to kill them for
His stomach turns over again. What was Mycroft after, here? Answers? Good for him; John wants answers, too. They all desperately want answers. But Sherlock is the only one who can provide them, and Sherlock is clearly unable to do so.
"It's okay," he promises by his ear, his fingers wrapping in his limp hair. "We're both okay, Sherlock. It's going to be okay."
John smiles at him, just the slightest warm, familiar crinkle. He moves forward to slot his fingers around Sherlock's, unfolding his fist, one by one. "There's nothing else here for you to do."
All feedback is welcome and appreciated-- I hope this final chapter managed to live up to expectations!!! Thank you all SO, SO MUCH for reading along the way, and stay healthy! <3
Two hours was long enough for dinner. Wasn't it? It wasn't as if they were going to catch a movie afterwards or stop by a pub for a drink. Not Sherlock. Two hours was long enough for dinner. They'd be getting the check right now, and soon, they'd be hailing taxis, separate taxis, and Sherlock would be on his way back home. Of course.
Oscar did not answer. By the look on his face, it seemed he sensed properly that he was on very, very fragile ground, and did not want to tempt John into hitting him a third time.
He sees the prickly, on edge hostility, and all he can think is how hurt Sherlock has to be underneath it, to lash out after nothing more than an offer of morning tea?
Ella held her hands up in slight surrender, acquiescing to John just like that. "Let's put fault aside for a moment, then. We don't need to talk about who I think was right or wrong. But, at the very least, I am concerned about Sherlock. You said so yourself that this is his third serious relapse in less than a year. That doesn't sound like something that you're doing-- that sounds like he has underlying issues of his own." She paused again, her frown deepening. "I'm also concerned that his sense of self-worth is so heavily contingent upon you. You could make or break him with one word, John. That's not healthy."
John takes another few moments, again clearly choosing his words very, very carefully. It seemed he still felt badly for earlier this evening.
"Oh, is it? I'm so happy for you, Sherlock. Anything at all for His Nibs." John flashes him another smile, settling back into what he has claimed as his chair. "I moved back into Baker Street today."
"You'll leave Sherlock alone, then?" He grinned back, a bitter taste in his mouth. "Because he really didn't want to come here today, and at first I didn't know why. But now, I'm going to hazard a guess it was you."
"Too much sugar and milk," he whispers, the words swallowed up by his tea. The surface ripples and he swallows a minuscule mouthful. It's foul, but that's possibly just lingering the aftertaste of vomit. "Trying to force extra calories in when I can't keep anything else down? Sneaky, John. Sneaky."
"Shut up." He stares at him, white-faced and still cold as glass, and the mug of tea rattles as if he wants to shatter it. "I don't want you involved because your
"I'd kill them, Sherlock," John says quietly. He opens his eyes to look at him and they're dark in their intensity, filling him with warmth from the inside out. "I'd kill them in a second and dump the bodies on your brother's doorstep. I'd kill each one of them and they'd be lucky that's
"Okay," he started finally, his hands burying deeply into Sherlock's hair. He just wanted to pull him up onto the sofa and hold him there and never let him go. "Point taken. It's... you have a point."
There were more footsteps down the corridor. He rolled his eyes, sandwiching the dripping flannel more securely under his cheek, and buried back into Victor's notebook.
It takes a moment for John to see it, because Sherlock's still hunched over and scrawling away and refusing to look at either one of them. He sees Sherlock start on another line, then stop, hitching in a ragged breath that if John hadn't known any better would've been little more than a long inhale. He does it again, his shoulders hunched aggressively. The pen wavers in his grip, spilling a long line of blue torn across the page.
The words come haltingly, his fingers slow and stiff as he forces them across the page. The shame burns in the back in his throat and he wants to eradicate them from existence.
"Um," John said. "All right." He set two plates down, wiping his hands off with a flannel. "That doesn't surprise me, to tell you the truth. But. Thank you for confirming it?"
And John is a wonderful man, but John is also a very particular man. John does not proclaim these judgments to be wrong; John says that he loves him in spite of them, because of everything else that Sherlock
"Sherlock?" John prodded, just long enough into it that they had found a rhythm. "You now have my permission to use Milgram to get me out of any GP conference that you like in the future."
"And brush your teeth!" John shouts back, already out the door, and is then jogging down to the street without another look back.
Something John's said does seem to have gotten through. He's not sure which part it was, but Sherlock is now blinking at him slowly, looking a bit befuddled instead of hostile, and he allows John to keep him upright. His bright eyes are still glazed and sleepy and John can only hope the painkillers are taking effect.
But on her way out the door, she lingers just a step, hesitating just outside the frame. She opens her mouth, then stops, conflicted.
, sitting here, kissing, touching. But they were idiots, and he wasn't going to listen to what they thought. No. This was normal.
Sherlock still struggles to write, and John still struggles to sign. Even If John had learned sign language as fast as Sherlock, he doubts how helpful it would be.
His face soured and he picked up his fork again, looking almost disgusted. "You're just the same as Victor."
Now that he is sensible again, he even knows the term for it. What has happened, this afternoon: dissociation. But John isn't asking him, so he doesn't say so. Dissociation.
Another moment passed in silence. At first John thought that Greg just didn't have something to say to that at all. But when he looked back over to him, it was to find him suddenly looking very, very uncomfortable.
Sherlock was pale and red-eyed, yesterday's clothes wrinkled all to ruin with his hair a bird's nest and his skin with the slightest lingering scent of whiskey. John, across from him, was tired, and had barely slept two hours, after one of the worst nights of his life. He was also pretty sure he knew what Sherlock wanted to ask for.
"That was good of Victor," John said, squeezing Sherlock's fingers again. It was a battle to keep the words calm, but he did it because he knew the last thing that would help right now was letting him see just how angry he was. "That still doesn't make you stupid."
John set his tea down, gently, wanting all things breakable and fragile out of his hands for this. He sat forward to meet Sherlock's eyes, his bright, bright blue eyes, even the one still ringed in fading red-yellow blood.
John. Obviously." He rolled his eyes, glowering back down at his tea with a vicious, almost feral stare.
Sherlock catches sight of her attention and moans silently, tilting his miserable face back against the wall. He tries to sign something else, distinctly, sickeningly unhappy.
Mycroft was already typing furiously on a second phone, likely summoning the full strength of his office for all the help he could get. "I'm not angry, Sherlock," he started, his voice strained, "though a bit disgusted, I--"
Bosco woofs back, right in his face and earsplitting. He gives his neck and cheek another lick and paws at his front, trying to bear Sherlock down to roll about in the grass with him.
There was an odd weight, hanging in his chest. An uncomfortable sort of pain lodged there that made it just a bit hard to breathe, and even harder to stand there, just inches away from Sherlock's face, staring down into his eyes. This was-- this was much worse than shaving him had been. This was so much worse.
To his surprise, Sherlock shook his head, though he accepted the water without any grumbling. "Just nauseated.
either. He can not write, or type-- he can barely shake or nod his head. That is not a physical problem in his throat. That suggests-- it suggests--
He doesn't mind himself, like this. He could do without the pain, but... he can live with the scars.
"Hi," John says, turning towards the kitchen. He's already decided to subsist himself off of toast and tea, this morning. "You want anything?"
He stops, furiously racking through his brain for the required sign, then just gives up and spells it out instead.
"I... I know that, Sherlock." Sherlock knew that he knew that, didn't he? He had to. "Of course not, you--"
He is so tired of this. He is so tired of being made to spell out what he wants, each and every sentence reduced into something as slow as dripping and congealed syrup, his mind already skipped ten sentences ahead while he fumbles on translating just one like a child. He is so tired of the painstaking effort it all takes only to look up and realise there's nobody in the room that can understand what he's so worked so hard to say. He is so tired of having all of this madness building and locked inside his head and no matter how desperately he wants to let it out, there is no door. It pounds against the walls like a storm of bats and scratches and howls and he wants to
As you can see, this really is the ending chapter. What's up next is a very small ending bow of an epilogue, just a bit of resolution and fluff as a thank you for making it this far :)
Jim Moriarty dies shot through the head for the second time. This time, John knows. Everything else, he feels it in the beats of his veins, everything else thrums inside him, he
The grad student flinched again, swallowing visibly from all the way across the room. He glanced at his professor, looking almost like a kicked dog, and once more at Sherlock.
onto the correct floor, and John was already three steps out before he realised that he wasn't being followed.
"I know," John hums. His arms wrap around him in an impossibly warm, desperately inescapable bubble. It is so
"However, I think I can agree with you on one point, John. And that is that you should not have struck Sherlock. He did not deserve it, and you should not have done it. That was not merely unacceptable, that was abusive behavior that likely rises to the level of a crime." She paused, watching him still and entirely unreadable. "Have you spoken to Sherlock about what happened? I can see that you feel genuine regret. Have you apologised to him?"
people that insist upon wasting his time. But because he can not speak or make noise, it is as if the space he used to take up in a room evaporates. He doesn't exist unless he has something vocal to contribute, and it is stupid, unhelpful, and
It takes another slow, few moments, everything shifting like molasses. John frowns at him, letting Sherlock to play absently with his fingers. He can tell something isn't right, but he can also tell that nothing is desperately wrong.
there. John nudged him into at least sitting upright, between his unsettled stomach and his still healing ribs, but his long legs still ended up tangled with John's.
John squeezed his hand, one last time, and then let go. "Okay. Okay, Sherlock. We don't have to do anymore today." He watched the hard line of his jaw for a moment, how there was no relief there at all, and moved closer to kiss him again instead of pressing the point.
John can not bear to look at him now. He can not physically turn his head the requisite few inches to see the betrayed look on Sherlock's face.
Greg opened the door to his flat at one in the morning, well past his bedtime and very far past the limits of his patience, to find that on his doorstep was one very bedraggled, very disheveled, very tired Sherlock Holmes.
"You're feeling better, then?" he finally started, facing Sherlock again. "Everything still going as it should?"
John finishes brushing his teeth, spits, and lets the taps run for five more seconds. Five more glorious, non-suffocating seconds.
It strikes Sherlock then, as they stumble down the pavement together, his arm fallen lazily around John's shoulders and John's wrapped in equal parts affection and fake drunk around his back. They trip over their own feet and John laughs into his shoulder, holding him close, and it may all be an act, but John is draped all over him right there in the middle of the street and all Sherlock can feel is how much John
Bosco is a well-behaved, eager dog, so much so that it's safe enough to just let his leash go when they get to the park. He bounds off in an instant, tearing over the grass to the nearest other dogs he can find, and Sherlock simply settles himself on the bench to wait.
He--" John clenched his fists in his lap, knotting his fingers together just to keep them still, because fucking hell he wanted to hit something. "What the hell happened to you? How could
The sheet is full. It is full of borrowed words, not really his own, the passages stilted and awkward, someone who is learning how to speak rather than composing a monologue. He's not sure he'd be able to play it if he even tried. The difference between composing and playing, isn't it; he can do one now, but he's not so sure he can do the other.
"Yes. I know. That's why I got it. Perfect for London children, born and raised and forced to a Chinese restaurant by their parents, and hospital patients three days off a feeding tube. We'll give a better order a try in a few days." John smiles again, pressing the styrofoam container into his hands, enfolding his fingers around Sherlock's. It's only to ensure he doesn't drop the damn thing, but he touches and holds his hands without even a hint of discomfort, and it's- it's perfect. It's electrifying. It's
John-- has to do something. He has to pull Sherlock out of it. He has to address what just happened, apologise for what he did, make sure Sherlock knows that he would never,
This is not going to go well. It's just not. And John doesn't have any idea what to do, because he hasn't had any idea what to do this entire time.
about? He supposed it'd make sense, if Sherlock had started using before he'd dropped out, but Sherlock was the type to show up to class high as a kite and ranting his head off. Not fake a call in sick.
"Impossible," Sherlock scoffed, and tossed John a look of sheer derision. "Lestrade is not sexually attracted to teenagers. I'd have noticed."
Sherlock frowned, his attention already sliding away as he tried to work Victor's notebook closer with his foot. He had no interest in teaching. He was here for the research opportunity, and not anything else. "Aren't only graduate students allowed to teach courses?" He ducked down to the floor, scooping up the notebook and letting the icepack plop to the table in the same breath. "I've not even taken inorganic yet myself, s... Oscar."
Sherlock is breathless and flushed and just a bit high on the successful conclusion of a case, landed right there in his lap. He's
He's sitting in A&E now. Grumpy, his already apparently ugly shirt now ruined with dots of blood and exchanged for a borrowed scrub top instead, and every single bit of him sore as a wrung out flannel. It's exhausting--
If this was going to work, then he knew they had to do this right. Even if it meant hurting Sherlock right now, because this was about protecting him from being hurt even worse later on down the line if they let this go on.
John isn't home. He could start with just a little dose, just the smallest amount, and snorted, to hit the quickest and hardest and flip the switch in his head that he
The outright joy in Mrs. Hudson's eyes dims a little, when the silence just stretches on. The quiet expands in the flat, and Sherlock gapes at her uselessly and says
"Oh, they sent you a copy, too? I didn't realise-- Mycroft must've asked for it. Sorry," John spoke up, watching him from the kitchen. He stood there cleaning up Rosie's toys, a stuffed animal in one hand and a blanket over the other. It was still, after all this time, impossibly too domestic and unbelievable and overwhelming to be real, and a little seed of delight took root in his chest with each time. "I was going to give you my copy, actually, I'd just wanted to talk to you about it first, but... I guess the cat's out of the bag now."
It's a trap. And a transparent one. They both know that Sherlock does not want to explore that week of his life, and his refusal to discuss it now has nothing at all to do with it not being
and you were begging me to come home? If you go more than thirty-six hours with watering it, it'll die?"
Sherlock's lips twitched, and he nodded stiffly once, keeping his mouth shut. A moment later he started to bite at his nails, picking like he wished he could stick a cigarette in there instead.
No. Sherlock shakes his head, his throat thick and his hands too heavy to sign. He had written the papers as explicitly clear as he could, because he had known where this would end. And this is not John's fault. This is not John's fault in any way.
"I don't exactly fancy crawling to Tesco's," John mumbles into his arm. It's impossible to tell if he's embarrassed, or just too tired to actually lift his head. Whichever it is, for one very strange moment, Sherlock just wants to hug him. "I know you delete where everything is in there, so... just so you can find it."
Oscar already was. Waiting at a table just out of the corner of his eye, already with a whiskey of his own, and looking perfectly calm and content. Sherlock wanted to say that he was not on a date-- the dress and manner were all wrong, and he even wore his bloody wedding ring-- but the fact of the matter was, Sherlock's deductions about personal relationships concerning himself had never been trustworthy, and that had started with Dr. Oscar Wilson.
stayed away! I was waiting, Sherlock-" He rubs his face again with a shaking hand, starting to pace back and forth. "You used to text me ten time a day, you texted me to meet you at Bart's once when I was in
A warm, painful affection unfolds in his stomach, his throat suddenly tightening. Jesus Christ, he's about to cry. No. John breathes in harshly, swallowing as hard as he can, and smiles back at Sherlock with everything that he has in him.
He has twenty-two text messages, and the count slowly, steadily rises like the tide. First wetting at his ankles, but if he sits there for too long, he knows he'll feel it frothing up to his throat.
is probably downstairs right now, seeing to a different patient. After she quit you, when you publicly deduced
He'd wound up abandoned halfway on the walk around the floor, thoroughly disgusted with himself and the world at large, and he hadn't been able to
"Yes," Mycroft agreed quietly. "I should have." He took another sip of tea, thumb tapping incessantly against the rim. "I didn't, which is the reason for what happened next."
Angelo delivers John's requested glass of white wine, and from there follows the rest of John's instructions to squirrel back to the kitchen and call the police. Lestrade, specifically; this will not be the first time that Angelo has had to summon the police to a crime just outside his restaurant. And then, a noisy show of it is made, the both of them tossed out into the street with Sherlock's face and collar dripping with wine and John's hand squeezed around his, Angelo shouting for them to get lost while Sherlock is high on the euphoria of it. They look like nothing more than two drunks staggering together down the street.
"Right, because-" John sighed again, shaking his head. "Right." He reverted his attention back to Milgram, measuring out an almost absurdly precise pour of water and then tapping his finger along the table, clearly unsure of how to go on. "I'm asking, because you only seemed to get really annoyed when you off and deduced I had a date. And then your texts, well, they speak for themselves, I think."
"So get another one. You're overqualified as it is." Sherlock didn't understand; it could not be that John was worried about finding another job, was it? Certainly not. Or perhaps- oh,
Sherlock flinched backwards so severely he nearly upended the tea to the floor, and Greg with it. He hit the back of the couch and stared at him with eyes blown wide, breaths short and angry and nostrils flared, and... and
"Molly's watching her. Sit down, I'll get the tea." John moved past him, acutely glad for the excuse to occupy himself, be useful, and most importantly look anywhere but at Sherlock. He replayed their last exchange in his head, this time focusing on the look on Sherlock's face, and instantly set about fixing it. "I can bring Rosie over in a few days. Just-- when you're a little healthier. I know you're doing much better, but I can't keep an eye on her and you at the same time. If that's..." Or was he overstepping? Really, since when would Sherlock Holmes want to entertain a baby at his flat? "If you'd be okay with it, of course--"
"That, I don't know." Mycroft stood up himself, his own cup abandoned as he gave his tie a sharp tug. He was still pale and looked a cross between sick and absolutely furious. "Sherlock's obfuscation with you, about their relationship, was surely intentional. I'm not sure how much he understands that he was taken advantage of, but he does understand, at least, that most people would describe what happened as abuse. But I know that he would never describe what he had with this man as happy, or healthy, or normal. He certainly never wanted to see him again, and I don't know why he would agree to meet with him now."
Next moment, what felt very distinctly like a crumpled paper ball whacked him on the back of the head.
"Well--" Dr. Wilson stepped decisively closer, planting himself inside and looking down at Sherlock with eyes that he couldn't interpret. "For starter's, you're sitting on the floor, and you're holding ice on your face, Sherlock. Come on, let's get you up."
He has stayed by Sherlock's side despite signing up for precisely none of this, and permitted him to be silent despite there being nothing at all that is wrong with him.
"I meant to, I talked to him, but... somehow we ended up talking about Mary, of all people. I told him it wasn't his fault, at least, what happened to her. Though I'm not sure how much he believed me. And then it--"
It is four years and now Sherlock is folded into John's arms, his shirt half unbuttoned and John just an inch away from kissing him.
"Here you go," he said, pressing the glass into his hands. "Just a little something to help you relax."
Greg grinned back in the mirror, and John relaxed next to him, breathing easier once again. "There's a good man!" he said, patting Sherlock on the arm. "Come on-- let's go solve a murder."
"Is this normal, too, then?" Sherlock asked finally. He glanced back at John over his shoulder, his jaw tight and knuckles white. "Is that a normal thing, that normal people do, on a normal first date?"
He could physically recover his voice, yes. But not in tending to the wound that is the reason he lost it in the first place. That wound would still be there, he would still be
" Sherlock spun once with spread apart arms, dressing gown swirling almost like a ballet dancer, and in that moment he honestly did look fine. Wonderful, even.
The shards of the vase didn't fall this way; the blood spatter make no sense! What sort of thief robs such an expensive home and then throws about a priceless antique as a weapon, Lestrade,
"Of course," the researcher said, already turning back to the papers spread across her desk. "Whatever I can do to help."
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! I think I got to everyone, but if I missed someone, I sincerely apologize <3
He takes five minutes, and enjoys his perfect cuppa in silence. He even washes it for good measure, listening to the clink of china and rush of water and, every so often, the turn of a page of a book behind him.
If there is something wrong with him, I can promise he'll know it before we spend another million trying to find it, and he'll make absolutely sure we know about it while at the same time making you feel like the biggest idiot for not seeing it first. Until that day comes, you need to accept the diagnosis that he's trying to tell you, and
Lestrade stammers. He nearly drops his cup of coffee right there on the floor, open-mouthed and aghast from where he stands by the door to the old house, speaking with another officer. He gapes at Sherlock as the beanpole ducks under the tape, making up for the stiffness and lingering limp by walking as fast as he can, completely ignoring the both of them, and John is left to drive to a stunned halt.
"Look at this. Who sent you lilies? Who thought you liked lilies? All these flowers- and you don't want a single one of them, do you? Not a single one from your brother, I'm sure." There's bustling about; more displeased muttering about the state of his room as a florist's shop. By the sound of it, she trashes Janine's tulips. They'd been wilting. Courtesy of John pretending they did not exist.
Sherlock leaned silently onto him, motionless and just breathing through the silence. He let John's hand trail up and down his back, and for just a moment, he felt Sherlock smile, very slightly, into his shoulder.
what was going on? What had he missed? What had Oscar done to Sherlock? "It's not the most common thing in the world; Greg,
"There is no need to worry, John." He folds his hands back together, sitting in his chair stiff and all but unnaturally straight. "Sherlock is under round the clock security, and my agents are looking for them. Nobody will touch him."
want you to be hurt. I don't care how amazing and foolproof you think your 5D chess game plan to get yourself halfway killed is, I do not
He shrugs. "Yes. But it gave you the chance to show off, didn't it? And we both know that's what's most important."
Francis smiles again, undeterred. "It's a process, Scott. As I said, I'd actually be somewhat worried, if you had walked in here today completely back to your old self. I know you don't like it, but you're not going to find any magic trick, shortcut, or easy answer, to be the solution that you want." He breaks off for another moment, one finger stroking down the other, clearly still searching for stable ground. "Why were you so reluctant to tell John what happened?"
"Come on, it's okay." He's still gentling him, encouraging Sherlock ahead like he's a frightened animal. The hands around him are rock steady, guiding him step by step and ready to catch him if he still should fall. He's
Because it was true. He was miserable and it was because of the events that had happened during the Culverton Smith case.
He sits back down against the counter, shoulders down and heart thudding so hard he can feel each pulse inside him. It aches absently and god
Never once does he find what he expects to. There is no more of the anger and chastisement from earlier today at all. John does not demand that he answer him, get inside, explain his actions earlier today, or anything else.
Slowly, deliberately, he lowers a hand again, palming it right over John's heart. He traces a circle with his forefinger, then scratches a line straight through it.
"Oh, Sherlock." His smile softened, the edges curling into something familiar. A smile that he had seen from him many, many times before. This was the first time that he was able to recognise it as condescending. "You don't even know what I was--"
"It wasn't," he snapped finally, his voice rough. "Okay? It was horrible. We probably hated each other, by the end. And we probably should never have gotten married in the first place."
Anyone of proper intelligence would deduce that Sherlock is not possibly of Scotland Yard. Scotland Yard does not plant themselves silently in front of people, smile smugly, and wait for them to stop. Employees of Scotland Yard also are sorely lacking in both a sense of style and an expense account, and tend to not dress as if they've just stepped off Saville Row.
and hadn't gotten up. Just like a certain consulting detective genius on the pavement outside Barts, so many years later.
They try and make sure to do this, now. At least once a day, whether Sherlock's in the mood for it or not-- they have a conversation. They sit down, and they have at least a five minute conversation about something that is not a case. It gives Sherlock a sorely needed outlet, and it gives him a step forwards to take every day, no matter how small-- a way to feel like he's making progress even if he doesn't feel that any other way.
and I can barely understand more than hello and how are you. I'm not you, you know, I can't just pick up a language overnight, and I thought it was so unnecessary, I'd sit down and start learning it, and by the time I got anywhere significant all of this would be over! Of course you'd get your voice back soon! Why wouldn't you; you're Sherlock! Of course you'd be fine, why wouldn't you be?"
"Well, someone's eager again," John murmured, trying to share a grin with Greg. It wasn't all that easy to smile. He jogged to follow after Sherlock's long stride, barely catching up just in time to trail him into the building. "Guess you decided it was worth your time after all?"
is it? Sherlock wants to call the entire thing off, let John march him home, and properly shag his brains out for the first time in a year.
"Actually," he went on quietly, when it had been quiet for almost a minute. "I was asking because Sebastian Wilkes is one of my students. Inorganic chem. It's a big class, so I've never really gotten to know him, but between you and me? I don't think he's my favorite student."
Seb looks as if he's swallowed a golf ball, and Sherlock is stuffed so full of euphoria he could burst.
John squints at him, when he does not move. Something of it must show on his face, because he blinks and starts to sit halfway up, or perhaps it's the scrap of paper, clutched between two clammy fingers and extended halfway out, frozen in midair. He's trying to give it to John. It's been written for ninety-five minutes, because he's planned every single word of this conversation. He must give it to John.
Mycroft sent John to his waiting black car, the important addresses already given to the driver to send him on his way. John wasn't sure what the politician did for himself, and he didn't care. He just seatbelted himself into the back seat and clutched the phone in cold, clammy hands, listening to Sherlock's unsteady breaths and utterly torn on what to say.
fraud case ever committed in the history of London, and a cup of coffee with it that is, similarly, the
It's observation." He glanced away and bit his swelling lower lip, trying not to pout. "I don't know why it annoys people. I'd want to know, if it were me."
Sherlock shouted, tearing his violin out from underneath his chin. It took just about all of his self-control not to throw it and he spun around for the second time, pointing the bow as a sword just to hear it whip through the air. "Will you
and he still covers his face as if he's ashamed for John to see it. So John doesn't look. He just wraps his arms around him from behind, burying his face into his back. "I'm sorry. I wanted... I didn't know what to do and I wanted help.
he snapped, snatching Mycroft's latest find out of his hands. "Sherlock is clean! And who he chooses to have a relationship with is none of your business!"
There it was. The first time he had ever said that word aloud. Sherlock was gay, and very much a man, and here John was, another man, telling him that he loved him. He was
He wills the smile down, precisely because John is not in the mood for it. But it's clearly a bit too late for John to be mollified, because he bolts to his feet and hauls Sherlock up with him, shaking him by the collar and his temper left all the way back around the corner. "Will you
"It's fine," he murmured listlessly. It didn't sound fine. Bu then, a small smile twisted into place, he looked back at John and met his eyes, and once again had slid back to genuine. "Truly. We both know I've been making assumptions about your sexuality since the first minute we met."
"It's normal," he landed on at last, clearing his throat. Because he could admit that much, but he still didn't want to take the final step that Ella was asking from him. That was one step too far. "I mean, my wife did only die a few months ago, Ella. I'm pretty sure it's normal that I don't want to start dating anyone else right away."
Sherlock. And because I have a life outside of being at your beck and call as your- sounding board, or fetcher of your phone, of whatever role it is you think I play here."
Useless platitudes, all of it. It doesn't matter what it's called. The fact of the matter is, he still can't speak, John is still miserable, and Sherlock doesn't know how to fix it.
Sherlock self-destructs. He barely eats, and whenever he sleeps, he has nightmares more often than not. What about, he will never tell John. He experiments like a mad scientist and he chops up limbs from Molly in the kitchen and he flits around crime scenes like a man possessed and he can't play his violin.
Another few moments pass in anguishing silence. Sherlock's overbright eyes search sleepily over John, dilated and glassy with the stream of narcotics, and for just a heartbeat they latch onto his.
Then, he looms silently to his feet, and stalks out of their room with a flourish of silk dressing gown.
Victor frowned again. But still, Sherlock's attempts to insult him away were not successful. He was not dissuaded. He was not even distracted. "Five and a half, kid." His frown deepened, dark eyes sweeping over him in wary, suspicious skepticism. Once again, a look that Sherlock had never been treated to before, and that alone made him uneasy, because it meant he didn't know what he was supposed to look like back to it. "Which means that I know what I'm talking about, when I tell you that you are not a good fit for this lab. I think you'd be better off--"
A chilled, stifling atmosphere settled. Sherlock ordered a whiskey of his own, because the only thing worse than the mind-numbing stupidity of alcohol was to keep feeling like this. He just wanted to relax, yes? Right,
John needs action, and adrenaline, and to feel useful. This? Lying in bed at six in the evening, babysitting a completely silent mannequin of a partner? After everything else that Sherlock has already put him through?
detail that there is, and John kisses him and kisses him like he's never going to let him up again. Sherlock is absolutely okay with this.
It's good, though. Working a case. A real, live case, for the first time since John's wedding. He breaths it in, being Sherlock Holmes, again, and it feels
raised in a barn, and he makes to squirm his arm free-- something about having a cuddle in front of the British government is just not how John wants to start his day. "Mycroft," he forces out, through what he hopes is a polite smile and not the bitter annoyance he actually feels. "You want a cup of tea?"
"So we'll badger Mrs. Hudson into making us tea, play cluedo, and listen to lonely drunks attempting their own rendition of Christmas carols on the streets." He steeples his fingers together. It's definitely not good that the thought alone thrills him more than anything he's heard in a month. "A traditional and happy Christmas."
He can do this, as long as it's just in his head. As long as his progress is measured in plans sketched out in his own head, and affections said to a panting dog, and words to a mirror. He can not do this if John is there, too. If John is involved in any way at all, because that means John will be watching him fail.
"It's Wednesday," he says softly. He rubs a thumb in slow circles over the bend of Sherlock's knee. "You've got nothing on, today, unless you've not told me. We finished a case last night. I've started writing it up, but you didn't like my title. The Nail in the Coffin. No good?"
Sherlock lurches to his feet, and barely makes it across the room in time to throw up into the sink.
But for some reason this simple sign seems to make John even more distressed and he shakes his head, suddenly earnest and very determined to get his point through. "No, it's
They don't talk like this, he and Mycroft. As a rule, they don't talk like this. Sentiment and brotherly affection. This is not who they are.
John hates the bloody book. He doesn't even know where the hell it came from. One day, they got home from hospital, Sherlock hobbling under his arm up the stairs and so horrifyingly
"I..." Sherlock swallowed, the warmth of the praise suddenly faded. "It didn't go well, last time. I tried, but I couldn't answer their questions. It's--" It wasn't even questions about the science. He could try, for most of those, but it was beyond that. They'd asked him about the budget, and grant proposals, and protocols that he'd never learned. They'd asked him, and he'd fumbled on the answers, and they'd looked at him like he was an idiot. "I can't--"
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow. "An iPad," he says, allowing John to rest the tablet in his hands. "What, exactly, am I meant to do with this?"
"Shut up, you'd combust in less than a day. No, it's just... it's about Mary, Sherlock." He took another breath, bracing himself through it. Across from him, Sherlock's put-upon expression quickly faded, resigned back into proper grief, and John pushed ahead. "Look. Regardless of how everything ended up turning out, Mary was there for me when you died, and she gave me Rosie. I'll always be grateful to her for those two things. But she didn't give you anything, Sherlock. You owe her
Or maybe he just shouldn't have had three whiskeys on an empty stomach, because they turned him even stupider and full of self-loathing than even
Mycroft cleared his throat when John kept his silence, still frowning across the somewhat destroyed sitting room. "I never actually saw Sherlock during this period until I visited during his third year. And by this point, it was too late. He was already in over his head."
Dr. Andrews squirmed a step closer through the crowded hallway, no eyes for John at all and instead looking Sherlock up and down with a bright, broadening smile. "I certainly never thought I'd see you here again. How have you been, Sherlock?"
Mrs. Hudson stares at him with open glee, and there is apparently nothing at all Sherlock can do beyond open and shut his mouth like a strangled fish. Not even two seconds ago he was talking, and now the words are stuck all the way back down into his chest and won't come out.
Sherlock's answering silent twitch was as good as an admission. And for once, John really, really hated to be proven right.
Sherlock took in another very deep, very calming breath. He smelled the alcohol between them and for a moment, just a moment, wanted to say sod the reporters, and throw up all over his lap.
meant. He looked away, his throat jumping and the line of his mouth gone even flatter. "Are you intentionally being difficult? I know my own name, John!"
His captors had gotten extremely, dangerously bored, and worked their frustrations out at his silence into his own skin.
"If you're sure," he gives finally. He glances back at the door, still wary and protective. "Really. I know we called something of a truce, a few months ago, but I never got to make him eat his bloody umbrella for before. If you want me to I definitely will."
Can be anything at all. Really. Just about any sentence will do. All right, doesn't even have to be a sentence-- could even just be Lestrade's name. That's a statement enough.
"--someone he's had feelings for in the past, and someone I thought wasn't in the picture anymore, but apparently she is. And it came out of nowhere, and I just got angry at him again. I got angry at him for getting a text from a woman." He shook his head, again unable to look at her. Putting it in words like this he heard exactly how horrible it sounded aloud, how absolutely
He looks away again, scratching short nails against his skin. He'd rather not, actually. Because if he does, if he does provide his answer to that question, then he answers it with
going to kill you. Or me. God." He sinks back down into his chair, limp and exasperated, but at least he's stopped looking like he's going to force Sherlock away. "I gave you cold case files!"
and more than anything else he wants to scream in this acoustic, metal chamber and hear them echo back right to him.
"No, John, really, I mean it-- it's nothing," Greg insisted, his voice harder than before. "It was just conjecture anyway, I never met him, and Sherlock never actually said anything about him. Besides, if this guy was actually bad news, I doubt Sherlock would willingly meet him for drinks." He stopped for a moment, clearly replaying what he'd just said in his head, then shot John another grin. "Well.
It's a solid five, he thinks. Maybe a six. Ordinarily, not worth leaving the flat, but he's already left the flat. The crime scene pictures detail a burglary gone wrong, at least, that's what the scene was made to look like- he's already relatively sure the whole thing was staged.
Of course the interfering tosser knows. He probably watched John shepherd him out to a cab on CCTV. So?
A posthumous degree, for the program that Victor had dropped out of nearly twenty years ago, for a man who had died of a drug overdose in a hovel. Someone that Cambridge would've wanted no association with whatsoever, over someone who until very recently had been one of their most prestigious professors for nearly thirty years.
It's like his words have made something in John click. His smile shifts, turning tender and he looks down at Sherlock with so much affection and love it feels like he's drowning. What a way to go that would be. Another warm swell of laughter spills out from his throat and he drops back down, hugging Sherlock to him, and dear
Sherlock said nothing. Sherlock did nothing. Sherlock stood there, staring with hard almost glazed eyes at the lift, the line of his back perfectly straight and his features as if carved from marble. He stood there and stared and was so very still it was as if he'd forgotten how to breathe. And not for the first time today. Not even for the first time since they'd come to this bloody school.
Sherlock actually looked disgusted, at that. Yet another brief eye roll and he scoffed, this time a noise of sheer derision. "Their funding goes towards supercilious
and he was still talking? Why was he still talking?, "he's still mad about that case last week, where you texted him out to a crime scene while he was at work? You said it was an emergency, and you wanted him to loan you his pen? Because ours weren't
But wouldn't that only hurt Sherlock, in the long run? Give him an out for this first attempt, and in doing so, encourage whatever fears and anxieties he had right now to run rampant whenever he tried again? Avoiding a phobia didn't make that phobia go away. It made it worse.
Sherlock wriggles his hand again, trying (and failing) to pull his left one from John's. His face is irritated now, but still calm, and Donovan rolls her eyes. "I've seen blood spatter like that before. That doesn't mean anything."
Whatever threat Sherlock has delivered, whatever blackmail he has in his talkative hands-- it is a big one.
He thunked his head into his knees three times, right in a row. Then he sucked in a breath and let out the longest, most despairing moan of his entire life.
When John does not interrupt, Mycroft chooses to simply go on, as calm as if this is just a boring chat over tea. "When Sherlock was ten, Redbeard died. We lived out in the country, so Redbeard never learned what a car was or to run away if he saw one. He was running across the road to Sherlock, and one of Daddy's friends hit him with their car."
Sherlock stops him with a hand to his chest, squeezing John's lapels and spun away from him like the force of nature that he is. His strong hands stay there and don't move, they pin John in place as if it is everything in the world that depends on John staying
The sofa in 221B is also, somewhat coincidentally, Sherlock's new home, and will remain as such for the entire rest of his life.
He closes his eyes, shaking his head to himself as he turns his back, rubbing his temples in the kitchen. He hates that book. But doesn't Sherlock hate this, too? He blows it off with arrogant waves of his hand and playing the role of a smug little shit, but this isn't Sherlock. That bundle of blankets on the sofa has never been something Sherlock would willingly do.
He closes his eyes, presses his face to the pillow's familiar scent, and for just a few seconds, that's all there is.
He ducks his head, suddenly ragged, inside and out, and he tries to tear at his hair only to have his hands met by John's. "I have just-- all of
The first eight chapters are now entirely completely, and the last two are in the editing stage. Everything's looking good... and get ready for when things start to kick up in a few chapters ;)
There were no cases. Lestrade had threatened to block his number if he kept asking; Sherlock threatened to get a new one. The point was, there were no cases at Scotland Yard, and the ones that the masses were filling his inbox with were so mind-numbingly dull he wanted to kill himself.
"...Yes," John says back, his voice thick. He swallows and clears his throat, gently running a hand down through his hair. "It's me, Sherlock."
When he strides to his feet again, he barely even has the patience to tuck his violin back into the case before sweeping all the way back to the bedroom with the biggest grin on his face that he can manage.
John is flushed and dressed like someone who'd expected to be out in the cold much longer than he has been, bundled up in his heavy green monstrosity of a coat with the collar turned up and a scarf that looks like one of Sherlock's trailing. He jogs towards where Sherlock is just finishing his last smoke, staring down at him in bemused bewilderment, and for a moment Sherlock isn't sure if he's going to be hugged or shouted at.
Because people don't like me?" He jerked up even straighter now, fired up and going a mile a minute, his eyes burning as he spit the words out in a blind fury. "Sexuality is not a personality quirk, John, it is a very simple, biological fact, and just because it is something that
Sherlock still just sits there. His mouth has flattened to a thin line and he looks at John with unreadable, shadowed eyes. He's wary. He's heard John's outburst, of course, but he sees everything that's been brewing underneath it, too, and now he doesn't know what's going to happen next. He looks at him, at
But Sherlock was already gone. Just like that-- stalked back off down the hallway to start stabbing the button for the lift again. And that was that. They'd barely been at Cambridge for ten minutes, after the bloody hour it had taken to get out here, and that was the end of the case.
John shivers again, a weight settled in his chest and fucking hell, it hurts to breathe. He's sitting here, and it hurts to breathe, and for just one moment he wants to scream himself hoarse and not stop until he doesn't have anything to scream anymore.
and John had been wanting so badly for him to be happy he hadn't listened. He hadn't fucking listened.
He tried to squirm backwards, not because he was more comfortable on the floor (though he was), but he had no data for how to proceed. This had never happened to him before. He didn't know what he was supposed to say as Dr. Wilson lifted him up by the elbows, sitting him down on the nearest lab stool and Victor's notebook left sprawling on the floor. He held the ice pack in place and peered into his eyes and stood very close and Sherlock didn't like it, not
He kissed Sherlock until he felt the tension drain away, he kissed him until he felt Sherlock start to smile again, relaxing under his hands again, just like that; he kissed him on the floor of the kitchen in 221B until Rosie hit both their faces with her toy, and proclaimed again,
Francis raises an eyebrow at him. Somehow, he remains distinctly more impressed by Sherlock's news than by Sherlock's reevaluation of said news, and does not seem inclined to take the time to think it over. "That's ten more words than this time last week, Scott. If you're unsatisfied with it, then you ought to try and use ten more." He pauses for a moment, almost as if he's waiting to see if Sherlock might try it right then, right there. "Have you tried what I asked you to, in the mornings?"
"Here we go," John murmurs, softer now, giving Sherlock's clenched hand a light squeeze. "We'll be home soon. Come on."
"Sir," she starts, her eyes passing over Sherlock in very obvious discomfort. She seems to want to be here even less than he does. "They're asking what to do downstairs. They need to know what to do with the body."
He hadn't come here expecting to be angry, tonight. It had been a very long time since he'd been this angry at anyone, and he wasn't sure he'd
John snickers under his breath, and the moment is passed. "It's sure better than anything else on the books. Come on." He gives Sherlock his hands, and together, they haul him to his feet. He is balanced on John's shoulders with his head empty and hanging, and for several moments they just stand there, Sherlock leaning on John and breathing into his hair right there in the middle of the hallway.
He's been in that nest on the sofa for three days. He barely eats, and John is pretty sure he's not sleeping. If he huddles up there for any longer, he's going to grow roots.
to his chart because this is Sherlock's baseline and you just talked to him like he's a five year old, you fucking
The needle has already been salvaged from the floor, and the ashtray washed out. The cocaine is still in the flour. A silent test, of sorts-- Mycroft forcing him to bin it on his own. He refuses to take that last step for him, knowing Sherlock must take it himself.
"That's it. Perfect. Jesus, you're shaking; come on, Sherlock. Just focus on me." John's arms tighten securely around him, enveloping him all around in a warm John-blanket. "Good man, absolutely. Just like that. Breathe in again. That's it. You're doing fine. You're doing so well, Sherlock."
The kid looked... god, he looked like he always looked. He looked utterly brilliant, utterly intoxicated, and utterly off his rocker, all at the same time. His ragged clothes were about the level of something he'd fished out of the Thames and the coat was just
"Not very, no." Mycroft glances up the stairs again, looking grim. "Sherlock, for reasons he has never deigned to explain to me or anyone else, then simply-- decided-- to stop talking. He did not say another word for two months. He has never bothered to explain to me how it was that he eventually regained his voice, either. I suspect it is because he overheard Mummy, expressing how upset it made her."
John is awake this time, but clearly feels sick again, because his laptop is hugged to his stomach rather than open, and he's more interested in the pattern of dust lit up from the window light than he is anything else. He does rouse a bit, when Sherlock enters, and even manages a tired smile as he accepts the mug of tea.
John clenched his jaw again, fingers kept forcibly still. It felt like he'd been punched in the stomach.
Sherlock sniffed and hiccuped again. He sounded stuck somewhere between hysterical and choking on his own laughter, and the worry expanded in John's chest until it crushed him.
Thank you so much for all the kudos/comments!!! I hope you're somewhere warm and comfortable and you've got your snacks and beverage of your choice, because now it's time for a /really goddamn long chapter/. We've got 50k words and two seasons worth of miscommunication to talk through, so settle in!
Just like that day at Cambridge. He'd been reluctant to get into the lift to begin with, but when it had stopped off at the floor for the chemistry labs, for that one moment, he hadn't been able to make himself move.
"Then at the nearest safest opportunity," Sherlock snapped. He'd turned almost feral, growling like a wild and angry street dog, every last trace of humour gone. "I'll take a cab home."
"John, I know what's normal and what's not. If something is wrong, I promise that you'll be the second to know." Sherlock smiled into his tea, his gaze going distant. "Though I have been somewhat reliably informed I earned every day of this and had best take it without complaining."
