Cas looked up at him, concern settling in as he took in Dean's utter terror at what happened. He didn't really know what he had heard. "You don't think he was fast enough?" He said softly. If he hadn't blasted them away before one of them… but he didn't think Sam would have made no noise at all if the angels harmed him.
Dean was surprised when his thoughts returned to him. He had been so sure he was about to die. He was choking on his blood, unable to get a full breath in. He had heard his own gurgling as he struggled to get any air at all. He felt consciousness slip from him, and had been pretty sure that was it. But he felt the odd but not unfamiliar feeling of his chest wound being healed.
Castiel did not respond, sliding the bolt in place and repeating the steps with the outer lock. He allowed himself a moment to hesitate, leaning his forehead against the closed wooden door, trying to collect himself before he turned and retraced his steps.
Cas knew it wouldn't last long, and he swung himself back over, pushing himself forward desperately for the back room. He crashed through the doorway, slamming the door shut behind him before he whipped around, grabbing the rounded container and hastily fixing the newly destroyed barrier.
It took a while, but they built. Time was, a bottle of hunter's helper before bed could buy him most of a night's rest, but even that stopped working, and upping the intake was unsustainable in the long run. So he had muddled through. His drinking habit could buy him a few hours at least, and then he'd just white knuckle it until morning.
"Yeah, but Kevin dies there'd just be another prophet." Dean reasoned. "One goes down another just springs up, whoever's next in line. What, he's going to kill them all? Didn't Crowley already try that? So it's kind of pointless."
"Yeah, he'll make it." Dean grabbed his coat, pulling it on, making sure Dad's journal and the demon knife were tucked safely in his pockets. He started for the door, intent on doing some last minute checks before the headed off, make sure the junker he was sending Cas out in had gas at the very least. He nearly tripped over the cat in the hallway. "Damn it!"
Cas managed a weak grin. They'd both been to hell, this couldn't hurt like that. Before he could think of a decent response, the piston activated and the dash began to lift off his leg. His mind whited out in pain, and it took a few moments to realize that the screaming he heard was coming from him. Hell or not, his new mortal body hadn't experienced much pain, and he felt like his nerve endings were on fire. Angels felt pain so infrequently, and he had to admit, never like this. None of the dulled angelic pain came even close to this.
Theo stepped forward and threw his fist into Castiel's stomach, causing him to double over as far as the chains would allow. A second fist flew upwards, catching Cas right in the lip, splitting it instantly, the blood splashing back into his mouth. He turned, spitting it out.
start." Dean put the phone down for a quick second, pulling two new socks on with an embarrassing amount of difficulty before picking it back up again. "We're not keeping the fucking cat."
"Then he's screwed." Sam breathed. He looked over Cas carefully. "Do you think he can come out of this?"
"Chips." Charlie said quickly, looking up from her computer. "And popcorn." She thought for a moment. "And gummy worms."
It was time to problem solve. He couldn't get them out of here, and he couldn't call for help. He had to buy them time. Time to be discovered. Time for help to reach
Cas was surprised at the clothing tossed his way. He managed to catch the bundle, and looked down at it. He lifted his head to ask, but Dean had already walked into the bathroom and shut the door behind him. After a moment, Cas slipped out of his stiff semi-formal clothes, swapping them out for the black t-shirt and sweatpants that had been given to him.
When she finished he gave her his card and a promise they'd look into it. He and Cas headed back out towards the black muscle car, Dean shedding his coat as they went.
Cas settled back and gave a small smile. "I imagine this is what it must be like when you pray to me. Normally it's me who can hear you but not respond."
"About her claims about Metatron or the fact that she's willing to play ball? Because I'm feeling trap." Dean snapped.
"Thanks." Cas settled in, allowing reading to take away his wandering thoughts and give him a much needed temporary distraction.
"Had a romantic relationship?" He ignored the discomfort written across Dean's face at his words. "It has happened. The union of an angel and a human is not expressly forbidden, but it was for centuries punished as such. Still… there have been a small handful of nephilim born to prove it happens." He continued his gaze outside the car. "And then others have been more discreet about their relations. An angel in my garrison, he took a host in 1812 whom he is still with today. He has claimed it was convenience, but a few of us know otherwise."
Sam felt his face grow warm and he nodded jerkily, turning and leaving, closing the door behind him as quietly as he could. He felt like, no,
Sam choked on his drink, violently spilling everywhere. He coughed, taking a moment to regain his composure before looking up at Charlie's amused look.
Dean groaned, dreading going into it but knowing there was no way around it. "Turns out the archangels didn't kill shit."
"Are you-" Sam fiddled with the bottle of beer in his hands, letting it take his focus for a moment. He had been insistent to himself that he confront his brother, not Cas, but he was starting to think this would have gone better if he had just backed the angel into a corner and forced him to talk. "You two seem pretty close."
"Because you're mine." Dean pushed himself off the post, walking towards the seraph. He watched with a look of amusement as Cas took a half step backwards from his approaching figure. "And you don't get to just check out of this shit show because you're too squeamish to hack it." His voice had an edge to it, something that hadn't been present when speaking earlier.
Dean's heart fluttered with discomfort at the change in topic. He heard the waver in the angel's voice, knew from experience how close he was to cracking and giving in to tears. "Cas…"
Cas struggled, trying to push himself away from the demon, away from the iron grasp that held him, that cradled him close. "No."
He dragged himself to his feet, feeling a need to update Dean, even if he had nothing new to bring him. He wandered into the hallway, starting to check around to find him. Dean's room and kitchen turned up nothing. He walked out towards the library, finding both Cas and Dean there.
Cas pulled his own gun out, feeling strange holding the new weapon. He had fired a shotgun a handful of times, usually when his grace was on its last legs, but never a handgun, and never when he was at full power. Still, Dean was right. The advantage of a ranged weapon was clear.
Groaning with pain, Cas carefully shifted his weight forward, using slow deliberate movements to wiggle out of his tan coat. He bit his lip, shifting even further as he slipped the cloth out from under and around him. By the time he had the coat completely free he was pale, and panting with the effort. He had to swallow back the nausea that threatened to overtake him, but he succeeded. Step one down, he reached up, grabbing the hunter's shoulder, and pulling him towards himself. Dean slid across the back of the bench, gently falling onto Cas' good shoulder, then closer to his chest, The former angel pulled the coat over him, to halfway cover them both. Problem one was sorted to the best of his ability.
Dean slipped his phone back into his sweatpants pocket, staring at the cat. He heaved one last put-upon sigh. "Alright Backpack. I guess you're staying."
Sam laughed, going and grabbing himself a cup of coffee while Dean tried to pick his dignity up off the floor. He came to sit next to Dean at the table. "Seriously though, you broke his nose?"
"A cat?" The voice coming over the phone wasn't trying hard to mask his amusement at the described situation.
Sam looked after them, dazed and disoriented from the head wound, but his expression betrayed the pain, not from his injury, but rather
Cas considered Adam, somewhat regretful he hadn't been able to save him in the failed battle to the cage for Sam.
Castiel was surprised when Dean turned into a motel parking lot somewhere in Louisiana. “I could take over driving if you’d like.”
Erelah watched in amusement despite the agony he felt, suddenly made to stand on his battered body. "Fascinating."
"That is not Ezekiel." Cas said, his voice low. His posture had changed dramatically. He was tense, but in a way that was ready to spring into action. It was more than a little intimidating.
Sam's mind was looping through possibilities of what they could possibly do if Dean didn't regain the ability to breathe any time soon. What the next step could look like… He was just considering going to grab his laptop to scour the internet for anything else they could try when Dean tapped at Cas' hands, gently lifting the mask from his face, taking a weak reedy breath on his own.
"The so-called real me is dead, and he isn't coming back. And you know that." Dean responded darkly. "You
"Cas, I can't talk about this right now." Dean snapped, a little rougher than he intended, and he felt a twinge of guilt. "It's all in the past now, okay? Let's leave it there right now."
Dean looked up, finally meeting the angel's eyes. He allowed Cas to reach up to wipe the stray tear from his cheek, and he closed his eyes, this time fully allowing himself to lean into the touch. "This is all new to me." The hunter hesitated, but slid sideways slightly to press his shoulder onto Cas'. He let out a shaky breath, a weak smile crossing his lips. "This was a lot easier when we both had just almost died."
Dean had the last vampire up against the wall, and he was pushing the machete through his neck as slow as possible while the vampire now began to gurgle, blood filling his throat and rendering unable to speak.
He stopped outside a door, reading the number. "Unit 74, this is the one." Dean slipped the key in the lock and popped it open, rolling up the heavy metal door. He stepped back for a moment, letting a little dust clear before peering in. He could see why the call had described it as a mess.
Castiel did not respond, sliding the bolt in place and repeating the steps with the outer lock. He allowed himself a moment to hesitate, leaning his forehead against the closed wooden door, trying to collect himself before he turned and retraced his steps.
Dean snorted a humorless laugh. "Yeah. Barely. I got myself to that portal because I knew it was the only way out for Benny and You. I had people to worry about. That's all that's ever kept my shit together."
He walked back to the oven, putting a generous amount into the warming pan. He watched it begin to slowly melt and slide around the bottom. He glanced up at Cas. "No, it needs to be
Dean's head raced trying to grasp onto any plan at all, and finally his face set. He picked up his phone again.
Gadreel met Sam's eyes, unwilling to sell out the hunter, but Sam answered for him. "Dean thought Gadreel had a hand in your capture."
Cas tried his best to orient himself, take stock of their situation rationally. He looked for the source of light that allowed him to see anything. Through the cracked windshield he could make out the trees. The headlights were still on, one somewhat buried, but the other shone across the white snow ahead of them to create the gentle glow, reflected to illuminate the cabin of the car. He could tell the roof was a little closer than it used to be, and the sides of the car were bent out of shape. More importantly, the dash was bent in, and the angel was dismayed to find his leg pinned underneath. He could feel his foot beyond it, but could tell it was warm and sticky with his own blood. His ribs felt a stabbing pain through them, and he wasn't sure what was up with his right arm, but any movement sent searing hot pain shooting across his body. He hissed as he tried to shift his position.
He tried Dean's room first, opening the door without knocking, but he found it empty. He frowned, trying to force his brain to think of where Dean might be. It was as if his thoughts had to claw through a thick pool to surface, and he twice forgot what he was trying to work out before he just managed to push his body into moving towards the library, hoping he could figure it out from there.
"Yeah, alright." Sam relented, knowing it wasn't the truth but not willing to call him on it. "I'll let you get back to healing. You let me know if I can help, or if this lead you have turns into anything."
"Sort of." Sam said, stacking books neatly on the table. They had decided to loop him in, now that there was a potential break in the research. "It's only a few steps removed from Lucifer."
get him trapped. Sam couldn't see any of that actually working, but it was more or less their best option at that point.
"Yeah yeah." Dean hung up, tossing the phone onto the nightstand next to the discarded oxygen tank. Instead of obeying he scooted forward, wincing with the strain, but it was worth it. He managed to pull himself over and into the second wheelchair at the foot of the bed in one, albeit not graceful, movement. He waited a second to let his breathing return to normal as the pain faded. He tested shifting his weight a little, pleased to find the upright position actually relieved some of the pressure on the ribs.
The angel turned slightly in his seat, looking out at the street. "We will have to involve your brother when you wish to return to the bunker. I am afraid I still do not understand how to operate a vehicle, and you are unfit to drive."
One problem at a time. It was freezing. The engine didn't seem to be on anymore, even if the battery was still supplying power to the lights. The heat wasn't blowing, and Cas fiddling with the key in the ignition did nothing. The first danger to both their lives was simply freezing to death.
Cas rolled and grabbed it from the pocket of the discarded hospital gown. He came back, handing it over to the hunter.
Castiel followed his lead, bringing his bag along with him as they entered the motel room. He looked over the room with a sort of awe that Dean found amusing.
Sam knew what he meant. He also knew Dean felt like an ass for suggesting so. "I'm not going to tell Kevin his mom has to wait. Besides, if Crowley is telling the truth, and she's out there, it's only a matter of time before Abaddon catches wind and goes for her too."
Cas opened his door, stepping out to switch places. Dean just slid across the bench seat, coming to sit behind the wheel. He waited for Cas to get back inside before starting it up, feeling a twinge of annoyance at missing his baby. He put it in drive and started back onto the road.
Cas spread his hands. "I am not sure. He was the scribe to god, there is no telling what he knows of the workings of heaven."
… if he hadn't been so weak, none of it would have happened." He tightened his grip on Gadreel's throat, pulling him forward and smashing his head back against the wall again. "You ruined the universe you damn son of a bitch!"
"Huh." Dean remarked passively, turning back to the task, bringing out some longer chained shackles with deep warding magic etched into the metal. He pulled them from the box, letting them drag on the floor behind him as he approached a spot in the middle of the room, an anchor point in the concrete. He secured the shackles, letting them lay to the side.
The former angel shrugged into the dark material, grateful to be able to cover his bare chest with a layer of cloth. "I am sorry, you must have had such an uncomfortable rest." He gestured to the chair.
"Well luckily I packed provisions." Dean reached into his canvas bag, pulling out a package of peanut butter cups. He opened the package, handing one to the eager six year old who was just a little bit excited about the prospect of candy for breakfast, even in light of their current situation.
Dean was in the library, sipping on a glass of whiskey and flipping through a journal of one P. R. Richards; a man of letters who had a lot of interesting theories on angelic interactions. He heard the open and shut of the outer door and glanced at his watch, frowning at the late time. He listened to the foot falls get closer, and saw his brother stroll in while slipping off his jacket. "Where were you off to after midnight?"
Dean turned towards him, leaning back on the counter, spatula still in hand, letting the eggs alone to cook. Cas froze for a second, processing the image in front of him.
Castiel heard the call end and took a deep breath, finally allowing his shaky legs to give way, letting his body crash to the ground. Sam was on his way. Dean was contained. They could actually fix this.
The angel struggled to control his emotions, taking a deep breath and fighting through it. "Something… there was some sort of spell or something. It blinded us, Dean lost control of the impala. We crashed."
Dean held the werewolf's useless arm in one hand, his other reaching and pulling out his knife in one fluid motion. He yanked him forward and then slammed his head back against the brick so hard he could hear the fracture. He pressed the knife against his throat, just tight enough to his neck to draw blood. He leaned forward to hiss directly in his ear. "You're going to tell me where she is."
"'m fine." Dean mumbled. His arms drooped, the shotgun falling to rest in his lap. His head rolled back, leaning onto the pillow atop Cas' chest.
The angel took the hunter's hand in his, gently rubbing his thumb over the broken skin, using his grace to heal the wounds completely. He closed his eyes against the refreshed vertigo, the healing weakening his stretched-thin grace, but he kept it from his face, unwilling to worry Dean.
Dean spent most of the afternoon feeling restless. He kept switching between being on his computer and reading. Twice now he had gotten up and simply walked around the cabin, just to get moving.
"Yeah well you should be." Dean snapped before he could continue. "We are underground in a bunker warded so well, the angels can't even see the damn place. Where you can only be let in through the front goddamn door with a key that only you and me have. You want me to keep Cas on lock down or keep him away from you outside, that's fine. That's a compromise I am willing to make, but I will not throw him out to the angels, you hear me? You are going to sit down, and you are going to shut up, and so help me God, if you try and force him out I will find something in this bunker to lock you down. I will strap your ass into a holding cell in the basement and let you rot in my brother until he is good and healed and then I will rip you out and end you, is that understood?"
"The world is loud and fragrant and uncomfortable. Not to mention, humans feel emotion so much more deeply than angels ever could. I find even physical sensations swaying my mood."
Conversation was sparse, especially at the start of the trip. Dean seemed to struggle to find words to speak. Cas didn't press, and Dean seemed grateful for that at least. Instead they filled the silence mostly with music, Dean working his way through a handful of cassettes.
actually feel great. He felt like he could do anything. Stronger than he ever had. He tilted his head back up to look at Cas. "What brought me back?" He demanded.
"No." Cas replied, hoarsely. He pulled himself upright again, listening as the yelling stopped. Footsteps approached and Sam walked through the partially open door.
As soon as they entered the warehouse, Sam hit the industrial switches that turned on the lights, potential ambush be damned. He saw the blood on the floor, and his eyes scanned from body to body until he saw his battered brother laying on the far side. "Dean!" He started across the room right behind Cas, his heart hammering in his chest. "God Cas, is he-"
Sam wanted to groan at the obvious lie, but he knew it was only obvious because he had barged in last night, and he figured the last thing Dean needed was for that to be brought up. Sam wasn't going to get Dean to talk about anything on his mind if he was on the defensive. "I sent Cas in with dinner."
Sam tossed his jacket over the nearest chair. "I found a book on sigil work that should prevent any reapers from getting inside the bunker."
"No, not because that." Dean dismissed. "He's riding my ass about seeing us last night or whatever, and if I punch him so soon after lying to him, I'm never gonna hear the end of it." Dean let his head thunk back against the glass. "I have nothing to say to him."
"Eh, don't beat yourself up. Your body is still getting used to sleep." Dean crossed his arms. "You know Cas, I put a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt on your dresser, you don't have to sleep in your jeans…"
"We were going to go once… when we were kids. Dad promised we could after his hunt." Dean said absently, thinking through memories that had been renewed as they had passed through Flagstaff.
The angel shuddered to think of what this could mean now. Carefully, the angel slipped himself from underneath the sleeping hunter and quietly left the room to dig into the bunker's library afresh. There was a renewed fire, a drive to find whatever it took to get this mark off his arm
If there was any silver lining, it was that the mark kept him preoccupied enough that the weight of the events in Eastham hadn't really had a chance to find purchase.
Cas frowned. "He talked to me for a while. It was like it dawned on him during the conversation. At first he did not know what happened. And as he realized he sort of… accepted it."
"Yeah…" Cas cleared his throat, fighting to be loud enough to be heard over the blaring siren above them. "Yes. He…" He didn't feel comfortable telling her about the spell or whatever had caused the accident. "There was ice." He finished lamely.
He glossed over it, but Sam's head was turning, trying to figure out what was on his mind. Dean had seen a lot of torture in his lifetime, so he didn't think that'd be affecting him that much.
The older Winchester rubbed a hand over his eyes, letting out a sigh. "As if we didn't have enough on our plate."
Dean felt a little more of the tension leave his own shoulders knowing Sam was spared the pain of torture. He knew his brother had vague memories of his time in hell, but they were detached and far between after Cas relieved the worst of them. He didn't need new fresh torture to bring him back.
"Yeah, for Cas." Sam said with a small laugh, coming in and dragging a chair between the beds, oblivious to the serious conversation that had just been going on.
Gadreel nodded. "And what of you? Where does your path take you, once our brothers and sisters can return home?"
Castiel stood silently by, giving Sam the room to wipe clean the layers of blood. He watched Sam carefully reveal his face, getting him to look more like himself. He kept his focus on the hunter's movements, not letting his thoughts wander. He frowned when Sam stood back and turned towards the door.
Dean rubbed his hands over his face, letting himself settle back in the chair. He felt suddenly years older than he had before, the whole experience catching him off guard and draining him. He tried to find comfort in watching the angel sleep, knowing he was getting better. It had to be enough for now.
Dean was losing pieces day by day to the mark. In the daylight, during hunts, he had total clarity, and more than a little lust for violence. Castiel could see the fight getting harder. He and Sam watched with trepidation as Dean allowed himself to slip further and further. Slicing into each victim with just a
At Dean's request, Cas started coming on cases. The angel noticed a little tension leave Sam's shoulders the first time Cas walked to the car as they headed out for a hunt. Castiel was glad to help give both of them some peace of mind.
The angel shrugged out of his coat, settling himself down further, wrapping his arms around Dean, letting the hunter's head come to rest on his chest. He pulled the coat over him, letting his mind turn over the day's events… Dean's mind had held no words, just raw emotions. Pain, anger, fear… but also love. Cas had felt the warmth in that love, and it was more than enough. There would be more to talk about tomorrow. But for now, he simply allowed himself to hold Dean securely and watch over him until morning.
Dean laid his head back against Cas completely, his eyes blinking rapidly for a second before he finally slipped unconscious.
Cas just stared at Dean. The hunter had once told him that he had learned a long time ago to pack emergency food just in case. He just wasn't aware so called emergency food was a package of Reeces.
No one spoke, but Crowley snapped his fingers and the group was standing outside their home base. The demon took a step back, spreading his arms wide. "And back to this side of the rainbow. If you'll forgive me, I have a kingdom to reclaim. Au revoir." Another blink and he was gone.
"No. I wouldn't imagine it would be." The news was still running coverage of the massacre almost 24/7. They had still only just begun identifying the dead. Cas straightened up, needing to change the subject. "Would you like help looking through these books?"
control of the situation, but wasn't surprised when he felt the gash on his ribs right before his head exploded in a spark of pain. And then the world started to shift black.
Sam let the words sink in. "He only has one more injection…" He swallowed. "If he's so close to human, then why could he still… why did he still…"
The only other option was to let Sam go check out the unit on his own, but his big brother instincts didn't want the younger hunter out, potentially hunting so soon after he almost died in the trials. No, this was the best way.
It had the desired effect. Halfway through Dirty Harry, Dean was unconscious against his shoulder. The angel picked up the remote and turned the volume almost all the way down, his angelic hearing having no problem hearing it. He would continue to watch whatever netflix suggested, occasionally soothing Dean's nightmares, until morning.
Castiel was forced up against the other post in the room, the crutch being wrenched from his arm and thrown. Both his arms were hauled up to eye level and clamped into waiting chains, already stained with the blood of whoever was there before.
"There are two deeper parts of hell. One is of course the cage, and the other is, amongst demons, known as the hole." Castiel felt discomfort growing at talking at length about his siege on hell. "There is no part of hell that runs slower than time moves on earth besides the hole.
A roll of the eyes greeted Castiel. "I'm fine, Cas. Today was just a long day. Sam got knocked out, you died. Give me a minute to catch my breath, but I'm good."
"Alright." His attention was pulled back to Gadreel, who was standing a few feet back, with his hand over his shoulder. "Did Metatron do that to you?"
Castiel kept his gaze on the opposite wall, not trusting himself to look back at Dean just yet, hoping to avoid losing the fight with crying completely. "I have spent much of the last few days concerned for your life and entirely unable to help in any way."
Dean frowned, looking for a second like he might argue, but he closed his mouth, relaxing against the seat back. Cas took that as permission, and he slipped behind the wheel. Dean just shifted to look out the window as Cas pulled the Impala back onto the highway.
The hunter frowned, absorbing the information. Dean had gone through all of that for Cas. To save Cas. Even with what he was, and the methods he employed, there was still some mission to save someone he loved. He
"You can't mean that." Cas insisted. When Dean just shrugged he stood, his posture more angered now than concerned. "And you? You're willing to be the sacrifice in this war?"
"Yeah man." Sam replied, forcing his voice to sound casual. "You don't have to come if you don't want."
Dean's fist flew before he even realized it. He hit Cas square in the face, the angel staggering for a moment, hand instinctively going to his nose where it began to just barely leak blood.
Castiel watched after where he had disappeared from. He staggered backwards, the conviction fading and leaving him shaky in its wake. He leaned back against that support column again, this time letting himself sink to the ground. He took a deep breath and leaned his head back, trying his best to ignore what just happened.
Dean straightened up, walking forward and putting a hand on Cas' shoulder. He simply pushed against him, moving the angel slightly out of the way before taking his seat.
Crowley met them by the car, having enough sense not to say anything as Cas settled Dean into the backseat of the impala. He exchanged a few brief words with Sam before taking the first blade and leaving, with the promise of hiding it far away.
Dean finally got a tentative control of his emotions, forcing them back down into a box and catching his breath. His mind snapped back to the present, back to the situation at hand, and more importantly, Liam. He felt Cas release his grip.
Cas gave a small smile, picturing the two of them fighting over cooking. He washed off the knife, drying it carefully before replacing it back in the box and closing the lid. He pushed the cutting board across the counter to Dean, who took the chicken and settled it into the pan.
Dean let go and used the excuse of grabbing his bag as one last card he could play to delay the inevitable.
Dean caught the small smile that crossed the former angel's face out of the corner of his eye. He felt a small smile of his own before he set the eggs to cook in some of the bacon grease from earlier. Cooking with his angel shadow reminded him a bit of when Ben used to watch him cook. He caught himself several times almost giving narration to what he was doing, as if he were teaching Cas. Though as he watched the eggs cook, he wondered if he should have been teaching him. Not too long later he was turning off the heat and plating the eggs.
"That's being human. Or at least that's being us. You see that much fucked up shit, it's bound to give you a few nightmares."
Sam hung up the phone and allowed himself to sink to the ground, his back to the impala. He was too shaky to drive for the moment, and so he didn't even try. He coughed, trying to clear the pungent smell of smoke from his nose, though it was in the air, and on his clothes, and it was unlikely he'd get away from it any time soon.
"I mean it Dean." He grabbed one of the books. "I need some space." He left for his room, cutting the conversation off.
Dean closed his eyes against a twinge of pain as he shifted. Cas finally took a close look at Dean. His head was bandaged, with an interesting looking wire running from the bandage. His cheek sported a nasty cut, but it was held together with a bonding agent and some steri-strips, not even stitched. His legs were covered, but Cas could see the outline of a strange metal brace. They had him on supplemental oxygen, but at least he was breathing on his own. All in all, Dean looked better than Cas did in a lot of ways, despite the fact he knew Dean had gotten it worse.
The group had gotten split up pretty quickly. When Sam and Cas finally rounded the corner on Dean, the older hunter was practically on top of the demon. He whipped his head up to look at them before pulling the demon knife back and neatly putting it up through the demon's lower jaw and into his skull.
"Hey! Leave him out of this. This is between you and me." Dean said firmly. He looked up at Cas. "Go. Get the cat set up."
Cas studied him thoughtfully. "Isn't being put in danger something wrong with the way you were raised?"
The cabin once more fell into an uncomfortable silence. Dean finally reluctantly stood and picked a book of his own off the shelf.
When he was done, Dean turned, leaning back against the far door, his body sinking down onto the freshly clean leather as the exhaustion caught up. He crumpled the rag, tossing it across the bench and onto the floor. He hesitated before he caught Cas' eyes, raising his hand to beckon the angel into the car.
Cas furrowed his brow. "The future you changed by reconnecting with Sam?" he confirmed. "I do. Why?"
The reunion with Liam's mother was bitter sweet, bringing the return of her son and the news her brother didn't make it. The story they gave the Sheriff and the family confirming a cougar was accepted immediately, and Dean knew that Liam's stories of a monster and a super hero would be taken as a young child's coping mechanism for living through that trauma.
"Yes." Crowley snapped. "Dean as a demon is a loose cannon, and the last thing I want is for it to be aimed at me and mine." He frowned. "Common goal and all that."
"No… I think his head hit the window. I woke up, he was still… he didn't wake up at any point." Castiel found it hard to organize his thoughts to put them to words. He was usually so concise, but the pounding in his head made it hard to focus.
Dean chuckled, absently turning the granola bar Sam had shoved in his hand a half an hour ago in his hands, not yet unwrapped. After breakfast his appetite seemed to remember the recent trauma and all but disappeared. Sam of course wasn't having his refusal of dinner, and thus the granola bar crumbling slightly under it's wrapping.
Dean wrapped his arms around the kid, feeling an intense wave of relief wash over him. Even if they couldn't save everyone, Liam was here, and he was okay. "You're safe." He affirmed softly.
Sam cringed slightly, having hoped that maybe Dean hadn't overheard the conversation. "We're getting rid of that mark."
Dean squinted at his bedside clock, confirming it, not that he had any reason to doubt. He tried to figure out in his head when he fell asleep last night, how long he had been out.
"Okay. Yeah good, alright. I'll be there as soon as I can be. Leave a message with Kevin if you need anything, but I probably won't get it until I'm there."
Sam began hastily switching the oxygen to a simple over the mouth mask, looping it over his brother's bandaged head and letting it settle in place. It would do for now. He let himself relax slightly, his shaking legs turning to jello as the adrenaline began to leave his system.
"I'm not trying to make you feel bad man, but you always leave." Dean gestured vaguely. "You're an angel again, you've got shit to do, and yeah I get it's important."
"I won't even touch the damn thing. The chopping is his problem, fine whatever." He waited, growing more agitated by the second at the lack of response, but he fought to keep his voice even. He couldn't let Sam have any more evidence to fuel his doubt. "What, are you going to make Cas eat MREs and granola bars for the next however many weeks? Months?"
The angel stared at the small vial in his hands. He could hear the faint hum, pulling at his very being. He brought his eyes back up, surprised to see the demon standing completely still, looking…
When Dean was human, he supposed that sort of thing might've driven him half insane. As it was, it was certainly annoying, but it really gave him time to study the situation, take in details he would never have pulled together otherwise.
Cas accepted the offered help, hopping over to the lowered gurney and sitting on the edge, Scooting painfully to sit back against the raised headrest.
"Yeah well…" Dean didn't know how to finish the sentence. He took a moment to study Cas, really look at him.
Cas looked up, making eye contact with Dean as his face morphed into some cross between fear and dread.
When Cas gently knocked and opened Dean's door that evening, he found the hunter passed out on his bed, an empty bottle of jack still in his arms. He hesitated for a moment before he just backed out of the room, closing it behind him. He lingered indecisively for a few minutes before deciding to just head back out into the bunker library for the night.
In the morning it was all smiles and bravado again. Dean whipping up pancakes, and the group laughing and telling jokes, all trying to ignore the gravity of yesterday's events.
had managed to settle. Colette grounded him, and slowly he came to own the mark rather than let it own him. And he had seemed at least content. Dean was less than happy about the situation he found himself in, but he
"But like I said. I don't want to be cured. So. Good luck with that." Dean casually shifted so he was holding the angel up with only one hand fisted around Castiel's shirt. With his other hand, he reached into the inner pocket of the tan overcoat, removing the angel blade, this time tossing Cas a few feet, indifferent to the grunt of pain as the angel landed on all fours. "Now then, we have to fix
"I didn't call you here for your opinion." Dean walked forward, the sudden added pressure on his leg causing a shooting pain through his core, but it was manageable. At least he could hold a weapon. "Do it."
Dean shook his head, looking slightly doubtful. If it was Sam, he'd have pried that shirt back and taken a look for himself, but he couldn't baby Cas. The man had led the armies of heaven once, and he had suffered enough hit to his pride without being coddled. "Fine. Just let me know if you need anything for it." He relented.
Sam thought that over. Dean had saved Cas. That instinct remained through everything else the mark took from him. It was…. Interesting. But Sam didn't think it really added up to mean anything. "Where is he?"
"No." Dean insisted. "I gotta get out of here. I feel like the walls are closing in on me, it'd be nice to take Baby out for some air."
When Castiel woke, he was laying on something soft. It took his mind a moment to catch up with his memories. He opened his eyes, meaning to seek out the hunter, but he was surprised to find Dean sitting on the edge of the mattress he found himself lying on.
"Now, the question is, are you human enough you cry?" Dean asked, amusement working its way into his tone as he watched the angel begin to slice the onions.
Sam looked after them, dazed and disoriented from the head wound, but his expression betrayed the pain, not from his injury, but rather
"It used to be very weak. The closer we got, the stronger it was. It feels like it does when you pray to me… but sort of there all the time." He tried to explain.
"Like I said…" Dean mumbled, his words slurring as he began to lose his hold on consciousness. " 's just creepy."
. Dean thought bitterly, his heart sinking as he prepared to face however this dream would go wrong.
Sam nodded to his brother and stood without another word, heading out and leaving Dean with Crowley.
Liam's tears slowly started to fade to hiccups, as the fear began to recede. He sniffled. "C-Cas killed the monster?"
"Quit starin'. People are gonna talk." Dean joked, giving a half smile as he struggled to remain conscious, not wanting to go back to sleep just yet.
Sam ignored his brother for the moment, walking over to where Cas and Charlie were now standing. "Hey, you okay?"
Now he was standing in his room, too weak willed and scared to leave and risk facing the people he cared about and their potential judgement. Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and took a deep breath.
Dean frowned, looking for a second like he might argue, but he closed his mouth, relaxing against the seat back. Cas took that as permission, and he slipped behind the wheel. Dean just shifted to look out the window as Cas pulled the Impala back onto the highway.
Cas looked for a moment like he might argue, but thought better of it. He moved past the brothers. He looked up when Kevin arrived in the doorway, and shook his head, warning the prophet to think better of interrupting them.
Dean pulled out the steaks to warm up a bit before they'd get thrown in a pan. He opened the cabinet that held the spices, beginning to search for the rosemary. He had turned every single spice in the cabinet, and came up empty. "
He was somewhat surprised when he came back and Dean had sunk down into one of the seats at the table. He sat with a fork in his hand, distractedly poking at the eggs as if he actually intended to eat any. Slowly, Sam slipped onto the seat opposite him. He took a few bites despite his own disinterest, trying to give Dean a moment to process or something.
"He'll be back. He always comes back." Sam tried to be reassuring, not sure exactly what was going on, but wanting to give some sort of comfort if he could. "How are
They spent the night at a motel in town, and Cas found himself sitting with Dean in a bar long after Sam had called it a night. He didn't expect Dean to sleep anyway, but he was saddened nonetheless.
Cas scrunched his own eyes shut for a second as he considered the answer to the question. "Embarrassed." He admitted. "Less physically distressed than when I found you."
"Dean…" Cas' voice was low, though he wasn't sure if it was with warning or assurance. He could see the demonic face… could see the darkness twisting through the remains of Dean's soul, but it was still recognizably
"Most demons aren't." Cas stepped back to let Dean reach the sink. "Lucifer handcrafted Lilith, the princes, and the knights. The demons after that are merely human souls that have been corrupted through the tortures of hell. Though I suppose the mechanics of teleportation are fairly similar on the surface."
Cas sensed his exhaustion, moving forward in the hopes to guide Dean to sit on the bed, but as he reached to touch Dean's arm he found himself pulled into a crushing embrace instead. He was surprised at first, but slowly he reached up to wrap his arms around the hunter.
"I suppose heavenly fire raining from the sky might have that effect." Dean muttered. He threw a sympathetic wince at Castiel as he noticed the angel frown at mention of his fallen brothers. "Kevin still locked up in his room?"
"Nothing." Dean tried a fake smile, but it fell flatter than his usual attempts. He even took a bite of the food, trying desperately to get his brother's scrutiny off him. It wasn't going to work.
Dean hesitated, looking back at Cas, straightening up a bit, obviously immediately in slightly better spirits, but still somewhat bitter. "And buffalo wings." He locked the unit and headed back to the main office, stopping off and ending payment on the unit. He was informed that they had until the end of the month to clear it out or it would go to auction, and Dean agreed, knowing full well that it was someone else's problem now.
Crowley sputtered slightly, looking up with barely concealed alarm. He composed himself. "Ah… so… you know about those."
by the time I got there. And when the demons started attacking in the hospital, I thought they had started with you. I can't just leave you here."
Cas nodded as the other angel stood to leave. "Thank you Gadreel." He turned his attention back to Paka as he was left alone.
"Or it kills him." Sam closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the cool tile. He hesitated, debating whether or not to bring up what he overheard. He looked up at the angel. "Do you think he was right? That he won't be able to handle it when he's human."
"Maybe because by your own admission he just almost died? Don't you think the man needs a bit more rest and recovery before you haul him more than halfway across the country?"
The kid shrugged his arms out of the oversized coat, letting Dean grab it and use his knife to begin ripping it into more manageable strips.
Castiel leaned back and tipped Dean's head up to look at him again. "I need you." He pleaded, trying to reach Dean with his words.
Inside, Castiel shrugged off his coat, hanging it over the chair. He slipped out of his normal clothing and into the soft shirt and pants Dean had given him. The thought of Dean settled like a weight in his chest, and he sighed, laying on the bed and curling up on his side.
"Great." Dean muttered. He took a second before letting out his breath. He scrubbed his hand over his face, trying to ground himself a little.
"I'm sorry." Cas muttered, still not opening his eyes. He let his head slide sideways until it was resting, supported by Dean's shoulder.
The daylight had just turned to dusk when the lights began to flicker. Both the angel and demon looked up, similar frowns etched into both their faces. Just as Dean was about to comment, they finally gave up, the power cutting entirely.
Dean set aside his plate, relaxing back slightly. He accepted the antibiotics and additional pain meds.
"You just missed Kevin." Sam finished his drink, not hesitating to refill it. "He's going to stay out of the bunker for a while. He's a bit shaken up, but he'll be alright."
He pushed his awareness further, seeking to observe the world outside his body. He became aware of a sound, and he forced his eyes to open. He blinked, the half lit room still too bright for a moment until his eyes adjusted. He rolled his head to the side, seeking the source of the noise. His vision rested on the hunter, right in the chair where he had left him. Dean was slumped in the uncomfortable looking seat, the chair arm digging into his rib cage. He had his arms crossed, and his head leaned all the way to the side. His mouth was half open and Cas recognized that the sound he was hearing was Dean snoring loud enough to wake the dead.
"Dude, you scared the shit out of me." Sam finally breathed, sinking into the chair closer to the side of the bed.
Not that Dean expected any different, but he was disappointed nonetheless when a sigil was immediately seared into the post that would prevent the demon from making a return. He shifted, hand gripping the angel blade tightly as he kept watch for any opportunity to make his move. But right now, with two of them, he didn't stand much of a chance.
Cas was silent again, watching the hunter as he began to shift his weight from one foot to the other.
"I'm doing better already. And Cas will be fine. I got two arms, he's got one leg. I mean Sam, there's two rooms in this whole cabin, what is the worst we can get into?"
Sam's expression turned immediately to concern at the drop in Dean's voice. "What's wrong?" He asked, his head going through the list of possibly post-op complications.
"You should be okay now." Dean confirmed. He gave a weak smile. "Scared the shit out of me. I thought you died a couple times back there."
Cas pulled himself to one knee, panting for a moment. Slowly, he lifted his gaze, taking in his surroundings with new understanding. This time he could see the glyphs around the room, the enochian warding that his senses had been too weak to see earlier. They were keeping his powers slightly muted, contained, as well as effectively trapping him.
"Near the door should be far enough." Cas said, finishing the last strokes of the white paint on the old weathered wood. He knelt in the circle, candle burning, and a smaller satchel of ingredients within reach. He tightened his grip over the angel blade in his hand, and gave a nod to Dean.
Cas startled, looking around him, then up at Dean. He looked at the paused movie and managed to look slightly embarrassed. "I'm sorry. I did not intend to fall asleep."
He had to close his eyes against the sudden vertigo, breathing through it until it dissipated. He forced himself to open them again, looking down to assess the remaining damage. He lifted his fingers to gently graze the gash in his chest and winced. He had hoped he would have been more healed by now. At least the cuts across his palms were mostly gone.
"It was… a plan." Dean tried, knowing how incredibly stacked the odds had been when he made the plan. "It was a better plan than Cas' suicidal just-give-them-me plan." He gave a half shrug and a weak grin at his brother's flat glare. "Anyway, it went about as well as you'd expect."
The three stood firm beside the red station wagon as they waited for the scribe to show, and when he did, Dean was the first to step forward. "Where is he, asshole?"
"Tom's salvage yard is just outside Norfolk. Been going there for parts since I used to work on her with my dad. Bobby used to do business with him, exchanging parts back and forth. Tom has to think I'm building a damn
"Come on." Cas coaxed, his voice soft and gentle. He withdrew his hand, stepping out of the car and walking around to the other side. He opened the passenger door and offered his hand to Dean who reluctantly took it, allowing himself to be led from the safety of the car.
Dean looked over Cas who was sitting on the edge of his bed, his broken arm in a sling and his casted leg dangling over the edge. "You okay?"
Cas gave a small wistful smile. "No. I may have been nearly human, but never truly. My wings were damaged in the fall the same as the other angels. I don't believe any of them can fly any more. My wings are…" He struggled to find the right word to describe them. "shredded."
sleep deprived) look. "We are going to get coffee." He concluded, aware that Dean likely was not ready to return to the bunker.
Both of them were pretty relaxed as they headed out into the cold from the bar restaurant, back towards the impala. Slipping into the car, Dean paused.
It was almost a mile before he felt more than saw it push past them. It almost knocked them off balance as it disappeared into the brush and turned to swipe through again. Castiel slashed out with his blade and he caught flesh, the Wendigo screeching in pain as it pulled another retreat.
Sam sighed. "Cas, we should all get back to the bunker. Why don't I take Gadreel in your car, and you and Dean can head back together." He spared a glance back towards the motel. "Can you two do a quick pass over the room, make sure we didn't leave anything too incriminating?"
They both hastily looked up when they heard Dean approaching down the hall, dropping the subject quickly. The older hunter walked in through the door and flashed a grin at his brother. "Sam!"
Cas simply gave a single nod. The angel took a moment to place the other snacks on the back seat, laying the water bottle down between them. He let the silence stretch on for a few moments while Dean reluctantly finished eating. He tried to take in Dean's demeanor. He was definitely drunk, but Cas hadn't expected anything else. His body language was tense, somewhat hostile even. And it seemed that his presence had only made it worse.
Cas tilted his head for a moment before Dean gestured at his clothes and he understood. "After I left the wreckage of the car and my fight with Hael, my clothing had become quite bloody." the angel spoke in his usual indifferent and slightly unsettling way, and Dean frowned at the casual mention (and lack of detail) of a car crash.
Then as quickly as it had built, it was over. The room was unnaturally quiet and dark. The candle was long extinguished, as well as the lantern Cas had brought, leaving only the moon glinting into the barn to light it's walls.
, yes." He said, flinching. He all but tossed the magazine aside, stretching and walking towards the kitchen.
have to promise me you'll keep fighting." Cas insisted, his eyes locking with Dean's. "You have to promise to give us as much time as we can to find a way to save you."
Dean nodded, but it was clear he hadn't actually processed the information. "How long was I asleep?"
The younger Winchester opened up his contacts, preparing to send a frantic text to Cas and backtrack after Dean. He stopped when he heard it.
"Okay. Talk later." Sam hung up, sitting for a moment, looking at the phone. Even anticipating the answer, he still felt the sharp disappointment.
Dean looked over the angel. He looked… Dean focused harder and he could see around the seams. See the barely contained angel vibrating in the empty human vessel he'd been wearing for near a decade. It was incredible, seeing this layer that his human eyes couldn't perceive. He tried to get a better look, to push his sight further, but the light built swiftly into an unbearable crescendo. His demonic eyes reflected the pure blinding angelic glow and he cried out. He staggered backwards, knocking into the nightstand, hands coming up to block his eyes from direct sight.
Dean furrowed his brow looking up at Cas, looking him up and down and noticing how not-confused he seemed about the cat in the window sill. "Why's there a cat in here!?" He accepted the meds without a fight.
Cas considered this, knowing what Dean was actually apologizing for. He felt a complex stirring of emotion at the thought. But his mind then returned to the moment Dean arrived from his slaughter on the Cape, soaked with blood, a wild spark in his black eyes. He shuddered at the thought, finding his mind spiraling once again. He was brought back when the strong arms around him hugged tighter.
Cas' heart sank, and he wondered just what damage Dean had managed to set in motion. He didn't say anything though, simply coming and taking it back from him. He glanced at the outgoing calls, seeing just the one. He slipped the phone back into his pocket.
"And?" Dean snapped. "It's a demon, Cas. The vessel had a hole in it, and I wasn't there to make nice with him."
"What are you going to cook with, huh? Because there's no way we're giving you access to a set of knives."
It was Dean's turn to snap his gaze back to the former angel, and he frowned, not sure if he imagined Cas' response. For a second he saw the Cas he met in a bombed out alternate future. It took him a moment to realize Cas was staring back.
He swallowed, trying to convince himself to resist what he wanted, but he knew he had lost. He moved forward, into the open arm of the hunter, laying against his chest. He tensed as Dean's arm moved, but it just came to casually loop around his back, holding him gently in place.
"When Sam informed me I should tell him if there was an issue with your breathing, I didn't anticipate something so…obvious."
Sam had considered giving Dean a healthy amount of teasing when he walked back into the room to find the two of them asleep, each on their good side, foreheads just barely touching. The only reason he didn't was watching his brother startle awake when Sam made sound, wrenching himself so badly Sam had to check to make sure he didn't rip through his newly repaired stitches.
"Really, Castiel. You're going to have to do better than that. We can be on the same side here… Join up against Bartholemew. Usher in a new heaven. Just tell me how to undo the spell."
"Yeah, and why the hell should you have believed her? She tortured you in heaven, controlled you for
The hunter's skin was painted with gore. The jaw bone knife he threw on the counter was almost unrecognizable, slicked with deep red. Cas swallowed, feeling guilt for the hope that most of the blood somehow belonged to Dean. That would be better than all of it belonging to some poor innocent souls that ran afoul of the blood thirsty demon. Cas could smell something else, mixing with the sickening iron smell.
"Help yourself." Dean said passively. He leaned back in the chair. "So, what do you want breakfast to be?"
Castiel closed his eyes against the sounds of her muffled struggle. The room fell silent as her life faded away.
Cas felt the figure pressed against him finally relax fully, his breathing evening out to a mild snore. He allowed himself to think back on the events in his life that led him to be in this car with this hunter. To reflect on the choices, both the good and the bad that ended in this conversation, in this revelation. And for this moment at least, he found he could not be too upset about the current state of affairs.
The demon frowned, a little of the wind taken out of his sails by the flat response. "With a drafty door like that? Five, six hours maybe."
Dean closed his eyes, relieved as at least some air made it into his lungs just as his vision was starting to tunnel. The relief was short lived as he became painfully aware that the only thing keeping him alive was this mask around his face in the hands of his brother.
Sam could do nothing but watch his brother drag himself to his feet, and shakily make his way out of the kitchen.
"Cas…" Dean sighed, still not able to fully process what the hell was happening. "We'll talk later, alright? It's too early for this shit."
Cas finally allowed himself to lean against the uninjured side of the hunter's chest, feeling completely out of place. This was unlike the gruff hunter, but right now he didn't care. After everything they had been through, every near death experience in their lives, and the four just this month, he needed this comfort. He relaxed as he felt Dean's steady breath, clearly broadcasting that the hunter still lived.
Sam and Castiel stood still for a second, waiting for Dean to take another breath, but it didn't happen. Dean instead involuntarily shuddered, his body starving for air that wasn't being delivered.
Dean thought about it. He didn't really think about it but angels probably only communicated with enochian or whatever other wavelength nonsense they had going for them. "Yeah, and also I'm not a raging douchebag." He hesitated, a smirk crossing his face. "Most of the time at least."
Dean watched as the stiff posture of the angel fell away into Sam's more relaxed form. The older hunter's chest clenched as he watched the confusion melt away into a stern anger as his eyes met Dean's.
Cas followed Dean into the motel room. He watched Dean settle to sit at the small table against the wall. A bottle of whiskey appeared from the depths of his bag, and two glasses were laid out. Cas moved over and picked up the other glass, taking it out of habit. He noted that Dean made no moves to find any sort of food to accompany this liquor.
Castiel woke again feeling almost entirely back to his old self. He flexed his tattered wings, feeling his grace pulse and ebb within him. He looked around, but didn't see Dean anywhere in the room. He felt a passive and somewhat amusing annoyance with Dean's ability to just come and go while he was stuck here.
Dean managed to look up, making eye contact with Cas who was looking more than a little worried. True to himself, Dean managed a toothy grin, though that only served to highlight the blood in his mouth. Cas found himself staring at it, leaking out the corner of his lips, coating his teeth, concentrated in the cracks. "Nice… of you to… join me." He panted, grimacing and losing the last push of bravado he had.
It took a moment for Dean to begin speaking again. Cas had expected him to deflect again, and was surprised when he didn't. "Me. The other me. You and a couple others… he sent you in to die as a diversion so he could sneak in and try to cap the devil."
When Cas woke in the morning, Dean was asleep on top of his computer, still in his clothes. He sighed, but made the conscious decision to give Dean some dignity. He got up quietly and headed into the bathroom, making sure to close the door just loud enough to wake the hunter. When he left the bathroom, he found Dean gathering clothes from his duffel as if he had never been asleep. Cas let Dean shower first, and when he himself was done showering a breakfast sandwich and coffee had materialized and were waiting for him.
Dean popped the other cup into his mouth before looking up and catching the angel's expression. "What?" He asked, mouth still full.
Cas put his hand flat against Dean's stomach again, ignoring the cry of pain, trying one last time to push any last drop of his grace into it, but he could feel it did nothing to the wound, and merely made his own head spin. "I'm sorry."
Castiel took a deeper breath, forcing his emotions back under control. They really came on too quickly and strongly for him to predict and avoid now that he was human. As sorry as he had been as an angel, the memory of hitting Dean,
start." Dean put the phone down for a quick second, pulling two new socks on with an embarrassing amount of difficulty before picking it back up again. "We're not keeping the fucking cat."
Dean's smirk fell into a scowl and he bristled slightly as he let himself lean the rest of the way back. "Yeah, this is going to be just
Castiel stood silently by, giving Sam the room to wipe clean the layers of blood. He watched Sam carefully reveal his face, getting him to look more like himself. He kept his focus on the hunter's movements, not letting his thoughts wander. He frowned when Sam stood back and turned towards the door.
"Cas, sit down…" Sam's voice shook and he reached out to try to help the angel to a chair, but Cas pushed his hands away.
"I think I will be of more use here. Kevin mentioned that my translation skills may prove helpful." It wasn't a lie exactly. He knew his assistance
Cas pressed his hand to Dean's temple, managing to push enough of his grace forward to begin to heal his wounds.
Dean clasped an iron grip around the seraph as he bucked and writhed against the searing agony of the grace burning through him. The sound built up slowly at first, and it took a moment for Dean to place the growing noise until they triggered a memory. Mixing with his vessel's voice was a growing
"You know?" Cas reached out again, taking the hunter's limp hand, and holding it in his own. "Dean, talk to me."
Cas nodded, pulling out his phone and quickly locking onto the gps he had on Dean's phone. "He's heading towards the edge of town." He let out a breath as a text came up on his screen. "He texted." He said, his tone betraying his tentative relief that the hunter hadn't just fallen off the map
"Oh nothing." Dean said, a grin still plastered across his face. "I just sent Sam to a… you know what, nevermind." He stood up, closing containers to throw in the fridge. "Come on, let's get back to work."
Cas's expression was dark and somewhat alarmed. Dean followed it to Ezekiel who was wearing an expression that could be mistaken for fear. "Castiel-" His tone was hesitant, and Dean didn't miss the fact that Ezekiel started to put his hands palms up as if trying to appease the other angel.
Sam swallowed, looking up at the angel. "I'm going to use this bag valve mask… try to get his lungs working again." he repeated. He was strongly regretting never taking a proper CPR class to learn how to use one of these. He'd seen videos just hours before, but he'd never held one, and he fumbled with it, trying to reattach the mouth piece after he accidentally knocked it loose. Finally he was slipping it over Dean's mouth, slowly squeezing the bag.
Cas looked distressed, taking in the scene around him. The smell of the extinguished holy oil. The haphazardly parked station wagon. The blood running down Gadreel's shoulder. He turned to look at Dean directly, his brain catching up to everything. "Yes."
Dean turned, eyes widening as the figure was already on top of him. He pushed back, a tangle of limbs as he tripped to the ground, forcing himself to roll through it and jump back up to his feet. As soon as he readjusted his grip on the knife, he looked up, his heart sinking as he caught the final headcount of new characters.
Dean's heartbeat was racing as he tightened his grip on the blade, ready to defend himself against the larger angel, knowing it was over, and he'd been made. This was it, all or nothing.
Cas felt his injuries with every small bump and shake of the stretcher as it was brought up to the ambulance. He felt himself get pushed in, and had to squint against the harsh direct lighting inside the vehicle. The warmth was comforting though, and he found himself able to relax just a slight bit, knowing they had been found. He felt a newfound appreciation for the humans who chose a life of rescue in these more mundane matters.
Dean hadn't ever been out this way. He knew Sam said he ran some sort of path back there in the mornings sometimes. He hadn't ever walked it himself though. "I'm glad even in my weird dreams you can't fly. I think this would be awful if you were zipping around all over the place."
Sam had allowed her to bring him into the middle of the carnage. The first bodies had shocked him, the brutality with which they had been killed. This wasn't just a quick flick of the knife, these people were
Dean put down the first set before the torch faded, and in the dying light he struggled to continue. He stumbled, falling against the outside of the shelter, the blood loss starting to catch up. Cas took his shoulder and roughly thrust him through the door as well before turning and finishing carving the protective runes into their surroundings.
He was surprised how fast the ambulance arrived at its destination, the rear door opening the instant they came to a complete stop. He tried to hear the rushed report Amy was throwing to a team of medics outside the door, but it was hard to hear over the sound of the helicopter idling on the pad just outside. He shivered slightly at the sudden return of cold air, but he was quickly covered with a warm blanket. He strained to see sideways, as Dean was similarly covered and they were unloaded.
The angel's eyes widened as he absently pawed through the bag. There were definitely more options than the two of them could reasonably eat over the remaining journey.
"Honestly? No." Dean crossed his arms, leaning back against the table. "Gadreel was going to finish fixing you up and then get the hell out of dodge, and I was going to consider that a done deal."
"Yes." Cas narrowed his eyes, studying Dean's face for any hint about who he was at the moment. He stood up from the bed, walking across the room, still unsure.
With the electricity, Cas could feel his grace begin to move. The power contained within every cell of his vessel came alive at once, and with it came the pain. Castiel had felt pain before. When his wings were scorched with hellfire. When Raphael brought the wrath of heaven down on him. When the leviathan ripped through his body. This was white hot fire being drawn through his very essence, and as much as he thought he was prepared, the pain took him entirely off guard.
Dean shook his head, seeming to break out of whatever thought had been consuming him. He raised his eyebrows. "What? Oh. Nothing. Just. Watching you experience things. It's new, you know." He turned his focus onto his own beer.
"Touchy aren't we? Fine." Crowley pulled a piece of paper with an address scrawled on it and dropped it on the table in front of Sam. "A storage facility. Corridor Q unit three. One of the front desk men should be one of mine. If he's still loyal the password is mutton chops. He'll release her."
Dean froze, considering his words. He felt a strong pang of guilt, but he forced himself to drop it and not think at all for the moment.
Tom grinned, putting his tools down. "Dean." He wiped his hands on a towel, stepping around the car and walking over. "It's been what, two, three years since I saw you last? Worried you finally managed to tip that car off a cliff way you seem to like getting her in trouble."
Once in the kitchen, Dean let the facade fall away a little as he always did when he was alone. His shoulders slumped, and he took a moment to brace himself against the counter. He didn't want to admit just how much Cas had scared him. He knew he was overreacting a little. Not that a serious infection
He was learning a lot about Crowley as well. Dean was passively curious as to why the king of hell was so willing to abandon his kingdom for whatever sightseeing tour they were currently on. This was their tenth dive in two weeks, each new town bringing a new assortment of drinks, entertainment, and pleasurable company. He supposed if he were enjoying living life, no strings attached, he shouldn't be too surprised Crowley would be too.
Sam sighed, grabbing the last of the medical bags out of the newly stolen minivan. He slammed the door shut, turning and heading back towards the disheveled cabin they were about to hole up in. He was dragging his heels, he knew it, but he needed a second to collect himself before forging inside.
Castiel nodded, pulling the phone from his coat pocket. He drafted up a text, sending it off. "I find communication without speaking unsettling." He said at last, putting the phone back into his pocket.
Cas took his hand, allowing himself to be pulled to his feet. He followed the hunter out of the bunker and into the car, feeling an uncomfortable mixture of feelings as they headed out onto the open road under the barest hints of morning light. He didn't ask where they were going, only tried to calm his racing mind and focus on the moving scenery around him.
"Yeah." Dean sighed, trying to shake it off. "He was fine. After that dad was pretty pissed and we got dragged back to Caleb's for a couple months instead." He huffed and half smiled, though it held no joy. "I always wondered if he did it in the hopes that'd happen. He always loved it when he could be in one school for a while." Dean shook his head. "Wasn't important why he did it I guess."
Castiel sighed, composing himself for a moment before walking back into the room where the hunter sat. "Eight more hours and you'll be back to normal."
Malachi stepped back and leaned casually against the wall. "Castiel, last chance. Tell me what Metatron's plans are, or Theo here does what he does best."
When Cas woke, he could hear the sound of Sam's voice, yelling something in the distance. He shifted, opening his eyes and finding himself laying on his bed at the bunker. He brought his gaze down and found Kevin sitting next to him, watching him closely.
Dean was careful to keep his footfalls silent, moving along with as much speed as he could manage stealthily, clearing around every corner before moving forward. Cas meanwhile walked sideways, making sure to keep careful watch behind them to avoid any unwanted surprises.
Cas nodded, following his lead. He let Dean fall asleep naturally before he used his grace to push him beyond his nightmares once more.
Cas stood with the intent of bringing the empty plate to the sink, but he staggered slightly as a wave of dizziness passed over him.
Dean stared at his brother's face, looking into the eyes of who he believed to be Ezekiel. He waited for more to be said, for something to jog his understanding. Instead he let the words click into place on their own. His stare cooled, and he unconsciously squared his shoulders for the fight. "No."
Sam looked up, shaking his head. "The shit I've done when I thought I was losing you… or when I thought I had lost you…" He let out his breath, letting his shoulders fall. "Look, I'm not happy about it… about the lies and… the tricks but… Gadreel told me he warned you not to tell me."
"Well I'm practically human." Cas admitted, finishing off his burrito. "I heard angel radio before, when my brothers and sisters were calling out in enough numbers. I haven't heard it since, so I believe my connection to it is very weak."
"We'll see this through, and then deal with whatever consequences there are after." Cas said firmly, trying to regain his earlier conviction.
"And if that's the case… then the break in was probably just a break in." Sam paused. "The guy said a handful of other units had been broken into too… we thought that they were looking for Bobby's but maybe it really was just someone looking for easy cash."
Meanwhile Paka seemed to have made the cabin her home for now. Cas didn't question or remind Dean when the evening came and Dean did not put the cat outside. The hunter didn't say anything, but two days later a fairly large box of cat supplies arrived at the small cabin, and the angel had his answer, even if it wasn't said out loud.
"Dean!" Cas began running, his feet sinking deep into the sand. His knees dropped into the soft earth beside the hunter, his hands reaching out and grasping onto his shoulder. The hunter was once more slicked with blood, as he had been when he returned to the hotel that first night. His hand still gripped the first blade as it dripped crimson onto the pale sand.
The hunter stopped in front of the salted door, briefly listening through the thin wood and catching the steady sound of the angel's breathing.
"Do you think he's telling the truth?" Sam asked, looking up at the group. He made eye contact with Kevin who looked a little like he might faint.
"Cas, we didn't keep you around just because you were useful, or an angel or whatever." Dean said, his tone a bit more serious. "And this is probably nothing. A quick look, a quicker inventory, a stop for some buffalo wings, and we're on our way home, easy."
"Sam, I-" Cas quieted down, his posture straightening up as if he were hearing a far off sound. "Dean is reaching out."
"We're pretty sure the combination of the two would contain a knight of hell for as long as it needed to."
They got back to their room and Dean quickly changed into more practical clothing for a hunt. He double checked his ammo and handed Cas a silver loaded gun of his own. He tucked his into his waistband and headed back outside. Cas watched him stalk from the room and took a deep breath, feeling a strong pull of worry about him.
Cas looked up when he heard the phone ringing from the other room. He placed the plate in the drying rack and headed into the bedroom, grabbing it just before it went to voicemail. "Sam."
Dean looked at him, his expression guarded. He didn't trust himself to let his emotions through, he couldn't sort them right now.
This time Cas threw him back, his eyes glowing blue as he used his strength to put a few feet's distance between them. "Dean." That warning tone was back.
Sam pushed up from his chair. "Well, cutting off the head and putting a silver bullet in it's heart seemed to do the trick." He stretched out his shoulders. "I'm going to go catalogue it while the details are fresh."
Dean pulled a face when he saw the empty seat with the food, but Cas gave him a stern glare in return. "You need to eat something. Something more."
"Oh." Cas said softly. "Yes." The appeal of this spell was the totality. There was no way to undo this spell. No other angel's grace could be given, his own grace could never be returned. The pay off for it's permanence was brutality. The grace wasn't simply being cut out, it was being ripped out, and burned. In many ways he was dying to be reborn.
"Dean… you're strong enough to fight this. Please." He whispered once the hunter slept again, but he didn't know if that was true. Dean's words echoed through his head, and he worried it really was it. That the hunter was irreparably damaged. That he'd never return to himself.
"I'm going to tell you once, you bring him back, you bring him back now, and you bring him back in one piece, do you hear me?"
"No. I've been looking for a way to slow it down. At least buy us more time before he gets worse again."
you." Dean responded irritably, trying to shove Cas' outstretched hand away, managing to somehow miss entirely in his somewhat intoxicated state.
Castiel was surprised when the hunter seemed to give up, losing the tension and just leaning back against his chest. He felt a stir of emotions under the carefully cultivated indifference, and he fought the urge to hold Dean closer. This still wasn't Dean. It was just a shadow of the former hunter. One they were going to cure soon.
Cas wasted no time pulling off to the side of the highway, putting the car in park and reaching out to put a hand on Dean's shoulder.
Finally the prophet stepped forward towards the older hunter. Dean tilted his head, his face twisting into one of pain and guilt. "Kevin-"
Dean scowled. "If there isn't, it could burn you out and you won't have enough strength to recover from the damage."
Dean finally opened his eyes, blinking predictably against the sun's harsh rays. "Oh what the fuck!?" He was jumping, his hands scooping under the now equally surprised cat. A second later and the grey cat was flying through the air, half of its own power, half the knee-jerk reaction of a half asleep hunter. The cat landed on its feet with ease, using the momentum to spring itself up and into the window sill where it began cleaning its paw as if it always meant to be there.
The hunter took a moment to take as deep a breath as his battered chest would allow, feeling the fatigue hit him like a brick wall, leaving him more than a little dizzy. He felt a bit like he was going to be sick, but he rode it out. He looked up, meeting Cas' gaze. The former angel looked… more than a little spooked. "Hey."
Dean relaxed as well, chalking it up to the return of warmth after he had been chilled all morning. He lifted his arm, wrapping it around the former angel and resting on his back. "It's going to be okay." He said one last time.
Dean had to practically force Cas to lower the blanket enough to inspect the damaged shoulder. "This is going to hurt." He had to flush out the wound and treat it with antiseptic.
"Was it that obvious in the books?" Sam and Dean had promised each other not to read them. To allow them to maintain some amount of separation and privacy.
"How generous." Sam rolled his eyes, pulling the stool over from near the tool box, taking a seat. He took a deep breath and suddenly found himself struggling for words. He had mulled over what he would say for days, but somehow being here in the moment made all of the ways he thought he might start the conversation feel… wrong.
Dean allowed himself to be led to the passenger side, surprised when Cas took the liberty of just reaching into his pocket for the keys before opening the door and gently pushing him inside. "Cas,
"I figure we'll make it to just inside Pennsylvania today, then make it up to Pinehurst early the next morning. Sound fair?"
The younger hunter was pulling various books from the shelves. Cas looked over the collection he had amassed and surmised he was gathering every single book the Men of Letters had on demons.
Castiel only hesitated a moment before relaxing against him. His mind was reeling, his emotions giving him whiplash after all that had happened that day. Despite his mind trying to take control again, he stood still as Dean ran his hand up his spine, coming to rest at the back of his neck.
"No, I mean really messed up. Ezekiel tried his best, but he couldn't heal Sam enough to keep him alive."
longer. He frowned as he watched Dean stagger slightly, though he tried his best to mask it. Maybe he could get through it, but it seemed to have had a significant impact on him. He relaxed slightly.
Dean walked over to the side of the room, flipping an industrial switch, the far lights kicking on with a buzz. Cas' eyes widened, locking his gaze on Hannah. Her hands were bound, and she had fresh blood across her face. Her shackled wrists were chained to a hook on the wall. She looked like she wanted to say something, but the gag in her mouth prevented it. Dean smiled, but it was a twisted grin, not one of warmth. "Oh, look at that. You need grace, and she's just full of it."
Cas withdrew his head, and Dean opened his eyes, watching as Cas shifted forward and pulled off his coat. He moved to lean up against the door and pulled Dean against his chest, covering him with the coat. He looped his arm around the hunter. Dean tensed at first, but allowed himself to be led, finally relenting and relaxing against the angel.
He was learning a lot about Crowley as well. Dean was passively curious as to why the king of hell was so willing to abandon his kingdom for whatever sightseeing tour they were currently on. This was their tenth dive in two weeks, each new town bringing a new assortment of drinks, entertainment, and pleasurable company. He supposed if he were enjoying living life, no strings attached, he shouldn't be too surprised Crowley would be too.
Cas finally let his body relax, letting the floor hold him up completely. He was entirely physically and emotionally spent. He didn't protest when Dean finally got the strength to stand and help him up. He didn't argue when Dean led him to the passenger side of the impala. He didn't say anything as they drove away from his truck. He simply allowed it to happen.
Cas felt, not for the first time that evening, completely out of his depth. After losing his angelic form, just sitting in a room felt like the walls were closing in on him. Here, laying prone, strapped to the rolling gurney, he was completely at the mercy of these people. Good people, he knew, but it did little to help the complete trapped sensation. He wasn't sure where the light was coming from, the vehicle, or the hospital building. They weren't even going inside. He saw Dean loaded onto the helicopter first before they transferred him.
"Sam was knocked unconscious when he attempted to banish the angels. I took control. When Malachi ordered torture, I remained."
"Yeah." Sam cut him off. "No, I know." He distractedly tapped his fingers on a book, pointedly trying not to think about the ways the mark corrupted him the first time.
"Thank you Dean." Cas bit into his sandwich despite not really being hungry. "You are a formidable cook."
Cas took a long drink before finally choking, sputtering slightly into the glass before the hunter could pull it away. He coughed, slipping back to lay down. He watched Dean put the glass down before coming back to sit next to him. He felt the hunter take his wrist, keeping track of his heart rate for a moment before letting him go again.
When he heard Cas' breathing even out he made up his mind, putting his book down and standing. He sat down on the couch next to Cas, pulling the angel towards him and settling him close to his body.
"I'll be fine." Cas hesitated before he reached up and wrapped his hand around Dean's. The hunter had withdrawn somewhat from displays of affection after that vulnerable night he held the blade. The angel looked over his pale features, thinking not for the first time about how young Dean looked…
Cas spoke. "The Princes were the strongest demons behind Lilith. To my knowledge all but Azazel were killed centuries ago."
After surgery, Dean was put in a private room. Almost thirteen hours after they had arrived at the hospital, Cas found his mind wandering. Sam had fallen asleep in a reclining chair over an hour ago, leaving the angel with nothing to do but muse over his failings.
Dean nodded, his expression pensive. He walked up to the angel, taking his wrist and beginning another silent and entirely unnecessary check of his pulse.
He could hear the hunter assuring the few guys in the bathroom it was okay, probably pointlessly since he had just come in, broken a mirror and cut into his hand only to start scribbling on the walls with his own blood.
It wasn't until Dean was in his room that evening when he heard the rapt knock at his door that he knew his reprieve was over. He grunted an invitation, not yet looking up from where he sat at his desk, jotting down a few last minute things on the list he was going to send to the parts shop he usually bought from. He heard Cas shuffle in, closing the door behind him.
He figured he should be grateful. While they administered the cure, he hadn't discounted what the demonized hunter was saying. There was a fair chance that this would be the thing that broke Dean for good. That he would be far too damaged to even get up again. When he saw him retreat into his mind, lost behind a wall of blind panic that didn't allow him to even draw breath, Cas was truly worried that was it.
Dean looked confused, but he nodded, eager to get this unwieldy mask off his face. He slipped it off immediately, getting a scolding glare from his brother while he struggled to quickly switch it over to a nasal cannula and secure that in place on Dean's face. "Cas?" He finally asked, clearing his throat.
Sam looked around at the carnage wrought by Dean, taking a sharp breath. He spared one last glance at his brother before retreating, machete up to confirm for himself the building was truly clear.
Castiel didn't betray any emotion as he looked at Dean. He wasn't willing to give into the trap he knew the demon was setting up.
He struggled now, trying to twist away from the hands that would cause him more pain, but instead a palm rested on the side of his face, and he was surprised by just how gentle and tender the touch was. He felt the familiar pull of healing surge through his skull, and he felt the flesh knit back together around his eye. Finally he could open them and he looked up to come face to face with Castiel. "Cas?" His voice was still hoarse, and he coughed when he tried to clear his throat.
Dean tried to put on a friendlier face, attempting to soothe him. "Your mom sent us. We're going to get you out of here, alright?" He looked over the kid a little closer, noticing the blood soaking down the side of his head from a fairly large gash that hadn't quite closed up yet. He looked Liam in the eye. "Do you know where it went?"
Cas kept moving too, adjusting his posture and pose. Something Dean hadn't observed Cas doing without conscious intent since he was human.
"Hey, demons crashed my baby, that counts." Dean quipped, voice still rough from yesterday, but a smile starting to work it's way onto his face.
Crowley had actually called him and warned him. The king of hell admitted Dean had come to him, but had disappeared. Sam was confused at first why Crowley would volunteer this information, but now he understood.
Dean kept the torch up behind them as he shifted course to follow the angel veering off to the right. He kept his focus around them, listening to the sounds get closer as the torch began to show signs of burning out. He kept his bloodied arm out, grasping the blade, the pain of the shredded flesh not even registering over the adrenaline.
After Gadreel lent a healing touch to Dean, they continued with business as usual. However, Castiel could see the changes slowly stacking up.
Cas held his gaze for another few seconds before he let it drop. He took a breath to calm himself and watched Dean roll his eyes before returning to his food.
He had spent months agonizing over this decision. He still wasn't sure it was the right one, he just knew it was what he wanted. When Cas finally pulled up to the old farm he had eyed as a nice out of the way place to work, he found himself simply sitting and staring at it, the uncertainty flickering up again for one last round of what-if.
It rang for a moment. "Hello?" The response was muted, but present and the angel clung to it like a lifeline.
Cas said nothing, simply watching Dean fight with himself, showing more emotion than he had at any point since the mark turned him.
Sam sank into the other chair in the room. "Cas, how are you holding up?" As much as Sam didn't trust his brother to let him know how bad his injuries were, he
Malachi ignored him, his attention fixed on Cas. "See Castiel, Theo here is an artist. And he's going to paint you a picture. It's up to you where he stops."
"No…" Dean muttered, seeming distracted. His phone began to buzz in his pocket and he pulled it out, looking at the name before flipping it open. "Hey Sam, we're at the unit now." He switched the call onto speaker.
Dean didn't so much as twitch for several minutes, internally waging a mental war with himself before coming to a conclusion. Finally he stepped forward. He reached up, opening the cuffs and letting Cas ease himself back down onto his feet. It was another moment's hesitation before he finally opened the small glowing vial, letting the grace fly back to its original owner.
Dean looked at his watch. "Thought you weren't due back until tomorrow… and what the hell are you doing getting in, not even five in the morning…"
"Oh nothing." Dean said, a grin still plastered across his face. "I just sent Sam to a… you know what, nevermind." He stood up, closing containers to throw in the fridge. "Come on, let's get back to work."
Cas didn't say anything, he just settled back, and then, after a moment of uncertainty, he leaned back against the mound of pillows on the bed, laying next to the hunter, facing him.
Castiel seemed to notice his own appearance for the first time, and absently started to try and brush some of the plaster from his skin. "Yes." He said simply.
"Yeah yeah, I know." Dean dismissed. He pulled himself to his feet, heading towards the bed, unwilling to delay rest any longer. "But for now, I'm going to sleep." He stopped, waiting in the middle of the room, looking back at the angel.
"I healed from it for a while." He paused for a moment, making up his mind on what to skip. "I found an opportunity and I knocked him out. I painted the devil's trap and managed to crack the wall to split the warding and call you."
Cas spoke quickly and with urgency. "Think about it. Cain has resisted the mark, as a demon, for centuries."
he had intruded on a very personal and private moment. He stood in the hallway just outside the door for a moment, the plate of pie that was still in his hands forgotten. He started towards the kitchen again on autopilot, trying to think about what he had just seen.
"Not the first time I've had to stay off grid after a hunt gone wrong." He beckoned Cas to put his good leg up on the couch, and took a set of measurements. He made a note of them, turning to concentrate on finding a boot to match.
Dean didn't break stride, running to his side, kneeling beside him. He put his hand on Cas' shoulder, relieved to see the angel still conscious.
Dean thought he had accidentally teleported them down into the basement, but when they hit the ground, he looked up and realized they had simply cracked through the shambling floor boards. He let out a brief laugh at the absurdity before it was cut off by Cas taking his mouth once more. He let himself get lost in the ecstasy that was Castiel, and delivered in return.
"I suppose if it is still happening there is no way to know." Cas mused softly. He didn't mention how strange it was to be talking to more or less nothing. "If you aren't, I will repeat the sentiment when you wake, but I didn't say thank you." he continued. "For hurrying back to find me."
Dean was careful to keep his footfalls silent, moving along with as much speed as he could manage stealthily, clearing around every corner before moving forward. Cas meanwhile walked sideways, making sure to keep careful watch behind them to avoid any unwanted surprises.
"I apologize… it has been a long time since I have spoken to another angel, save for the few who were in charge of heaven's jail." He looked at Castiel. "You still are wary of me."
"Hey." Dean called back, clanging down the metal staircase. He slid the light jacket off, tossing it over one of the chairs. He nodded at Cas who started towards the bedroom, with intent to check in on the cat.
"Yeah, maybe." Sam said. "Kevin and Charlie translated a few more things. We think we have a better shot at cracking it." He was quiet for a minute. "Crowley came here, offering his help."
"What the hell happened with Dean?" Kevin asked, needing to be caught up more than the three or so words Sam threw at him while he was helping move the angel.
The hunter gave a more genuine laugh and stood. "You got it." He gave one last glance over his shoulder on his way out of the room, seeing the angel settle back against the pillows.
"Alright." the former angel gave in. He sat on the edge of his bed, taking a bite of the offered sandwich.
"Yeah…" Dean said absently, feeling a twinge of dejavu alongside a sliver of something he couldn't quite put his finger on. Something not right about the similarity. "Seems like."
"Tell these gentlemen what you just told me." Crowley purred, shoving the angel forward slightly, his hand buried in a firm grip on his hair.
"I just meant, a lot of stuff has been going on these past days. This past month even. So how are you handling this all?"
Cas couldn't help but engage him. "What?" He asked, trepidation mounting as he waited for an answer.
"Shut up." Dean rolled his eyes, coming back to sit again. He needed it after that wake-up. His head was still trying to catch up with the rapid shift in emotions. "You sure you're alright?"
The angel didn't comment when he realized they were going north instead of east towards the bunker. He trusted Dean knew what he was doing and instead decided to just pick out a new tape to listen to while they drove.
this Sam." He insisted. "You hit it from the other side, I go in here, we cut them off and push them inward. Simple."
Castiel was surprised when Dean turned into a motel parking lot somewhere in Louisiana. “I could take over driving if you’d like.”
"I understand we have some bad blood between us, but I don't come empty handed. I have a peace offering, just as time sensitive, but I think you'll be interested."
… Dean closed his eyes, drawing his knees up towards his chest. Absently he rubbed over his mouth with his hand, his mind trying and failing to process any sort of emotions about what happened in Malachi's interrogation room. He wasn't sure what happened… what possessed him to…
Sam backed them out into the hallway so he could make sure the coast was clear first. Empty. He hurried, pushing them towards the elevator.
Dean stopped, leaning casually against a support column and folding his arms across his chest. "Oh well, since you asked so sweetly. I'll get right on that."
"Yeah. Two days later Sam told us. Way they yelled at each other you would have thought the world was coming to an end right then and there. He told Sam if he left he left for good, and Sam did. Closing the door on Bobby and Sam one right after the other. Wasn't my best week."
"Yeah yeah. You'll kill me. Love you too." He looked up watching the younger Winchester and Cas come out, arms full of stuff. He furrowed his brow, looking at the carrier in the angel's hands. "Is that… what the hell is that?"
He settled on keeping his mind busy so he could avoid dealing just a little longer. Breakfast was a clear thing he could work on. He still felt shaky from not eating yesterday. He could use the food, and the distraction. Besides, he could do better than egg whites.
Dean hesitated, feeling incredibly silly and rethinking sharing. They never spoke much of it. He gave Cas the barest recap at the time. Croatoan virus, Sam as Lucifer's vessel, confirmation the colt existed. Nothing about details, about meeting Cas or even about meeting himself. They were just details he didn't mention, and the angel didn't ask.
This time the hunter found himself staying in for once. Cas suggested they watch another movie, and although Dean was fairly sure the angel was just suggesting that because he thought it was what he wanted, he didn't mind, and agreed. A pizza and a couple beers later, and he was surprised how much he didn't care about skipping his normal bar hopping routine.
at least." He looked up. "Crowley, you drop me off outside their view. Then pop in with Cas. Then you get Sam clear. Get him back here and you help patch him up, you got it? You don't leave until he's stable."
wait until tomorrow, for his own sanity. Right now he had music and he had whiskey, and that's all he needed to focus on until he could forget.
"It has never meant anything." Cas tried to explain. "A motel was always a place I waited for you and Sam to finish sleeping so we could continue. I never stopped to appreciate what it really was."
think he has a chance at approaching something like human, even as a demon with the mark. And while I hope that isn't necessary, I want to work towards it just in case."
"His angelic partner sent me, said you two might need a lift home. Couldn't come inside but I figured you two love birds would make it out eventually."
"If-" Dean stared at him, furrowing his brow. "What do you think I'm asking you questions for? Yes it helps, give it."
Dean felt the slightest touch of relief that the blade at least seemed to injure it, but it was short lived when he could see the trees move, and hear the snarls continue around them. It didn't seem to be slowing it down any.
Dean rolled onto his side and reached behind him, pulling Cas to his back, and he folded his arm over the arm now around his torso.
Now however, even without pushing beyond to glimpse the shadow of his true form, he could feel so much more. It was like electricity was pulsing through his spine, and it was somewhat intoxicating. Dean deepened the kiss, pressing closer to the angel, trying to make sense of each sensation as it came.
Tom beckoned both of them to follow him back towards the office. "Hey, that crusty son of a bitch have a new number or something? I got a pile of truck parts seem right up his alley, can't get a hold of him. Ain't seen hide nor hair of him just as long as you."
Malachi ignored him, his attention fixed on Cas. "See Castiel, Theo here is an artist. And he's going to paint you a picture. It's up to you where he stops."
Dean had to admit, it was becoming sort of comforting. He'd wake in a panic, and he started to look for the angel, taking for granted he would be there. In a new turn of events, after calming down he started to sometimes manage to find sleep again, even after waking from the depths of hellish visions. He would never admit it out loud, but he liked the safety he felt when Cas was around. Cas must've known, because he kept showing up.
The angel didn't comment when he realized they were going north instead of east towards the bunker. He trusted Dean knew what he was doing and instead decided to just pick out a new tape to listen to while they drove.
Castiel watched the kid relax slightly under the coat's weight, and saw him start to really believe Dean's words in the new quiet. He looked over the hunter, noticing Dean seemed completely in his element, even through the inherent danger, and the close calls. Dean didn't like to be cornered, but he felt perfectly in control in a defensible position with his back to a wall. They'd be safe here until morning, and he was doing alright.
Cas closed his eyes. He did understand. Dean wanted to take the last scrap of control he could before the mark infected him fully.
When I originally started writing this fic, it was supposed to be a 3 chapter story. Now it's over 100k. It's completely re-written season 9, is maybe halfway through season 10, and has been planned well into season 11. As such I'm re-posting this split into seasons in the "Only Human" series.
Dean looked down, as if noticing for the first time he was still wearing yesterday's clothing. Not that it was unheard of to sleep in their clothes. Just rare these days. "Yeah, put my headphones on last night, must've been more tired than I thought. Out like a light."
Sam managed to make it almost out of New York again before the road started to blur dangerously enough he had to stop.
Dean swung Cas around, backing him into the wall, knocking an unloaded shotgun clattering to the ground. His free hand combed through Cas' hair, fastening into a grip on the angel's head, pulling him closer. He bridged the gap between them, pulling their bodies flush with one another.
The pair had considered leaving the kid in the safety of the shed and making a run for the car and hunting the monster on their own. But Dean had worried that the creature would let them go to tempt the kid from hiding, and with the right voice it'd have no problem doing just that.
Dean could hear the creature breaking through the woods, easily keeping pace, kept at bay only by the burning branch in his hand. He knew that his makeshift torch was not going to last long before it burnt through. He just hoped they found what they needed fast enough.
Cas hesitated, considering his next move carefully. Slowly he shifted down slightly, slipping himself next to the older Winchester, pressing against him beneath the pile of blankets. He hesitated, looking at Dean to see if the hunter would object in his half-awake state. He froze as Dean moved but relaxed tentatively as Dean seemed to react to the warmth by leaning into it, settling fully against and slightly on top of Cas.
The angel was impressed with how long it was before Dean seemed to notice the direction they were heading. It wasn't until they crossed state lines that he looked up at Cas. "Where-?"
Castiel had to place Dean in a deep sleep twice that night, and the thought filled him with dread. Never before had his nightmares ever managed to claw past the angelic rest. Cas frowned, still curled around the hunter, trying to lend any small scrap of comfort he could.
"I attempted to give you space when I sensed your discomfort at breakfast." Cas looked hesitant, like he was considering if he should leave.
Sam didn't want to admit how eager he was to leave, to walk away from this twisted version of his brother. He gave one last look at Cas and nodded. "I'll see you."
Dean rolled his eyes, pulling himself up from his seat. He crossed the room and threw the flashlight back in the tool box. He set his beer down on the small table and grabbed a couple wrenches to take with him back towards the front of the car, where the hood had been removed. "Yeah, we're close, alright?"
"He's doing okay. Or at least he's covering well. Cas still doesn't think he's really processed it yet."
"Good." Dean said, trying once more to project confidence. He grinned, clapping Cas on the shoulder before picking up his bag and cooler and leading the way up the steps towards the waiting impala.
Cas sat up, watching him leave, and hearing the shower switch on a moment later. He couldn't help a gentle smile in spite of the overwhelming nature of recent events. He felt a warmth settle in his chest, and he held onto the comforting feeling. The angel switched into his own clothes before heading out of the motel room to pick up breakfast and a coffee for Dean.
Dean pulled his hand back. "I've tried to stay off that path since then… I almost lost myself in purgatory… ripping apart those monsters, stringing them up to find you. Then just the nonstop killing… there were times I didn't want to get out, and times since that I've wished I was back."
He didn't light it yet. He knew that the wendigo likely was going to let them almost back to the car. The last leg of their journey was the dangerous part.
Cas withdrew his head, and Dean opened his eyes, watching as Cas shifted forward and pulled off his coat. He moved to lean up against the door and pulled Dean against his chest, covering him with the coat. He looped his arm around the hunter. Dean tensed at first, but allowed himself to be led, finally relenting and relaxing against the angel.
There was the edge. Sam knew he was treading carefully now. One wrong move and Dean would lose control of whatever composure he was forcing in place. That wasn't what he was going for, so he tried to backpedal a bit. "Yeah, that… I didn't mean anything by it… I was just trying to make sure you were okay."
Cas rolled his eyes, but decided he didn't want to fight about this. He got up, setting to work building a new fire.
Cas fell back against the bed, unable to hold himself up any longer. He sighed, a feeling of safety returning to him now that he had been found. "That is very fortunate." He said absently.
Dean pressed forward into the touch, the electricity following that sensation. He moved his hand back down and across the angel's collar bone, pushing him back against the column, his lips straying from the angel's mouth.
Silence stretched between them as seconds turned to minutes. At some point Sam and Cas began taking turns, giving each a moment to smooth the cramps from their tired hands, getting ready to continue, just hoping that at some point Dean's lungs allowed him to begin breathing on his own again.
"You can't mean that." Cas insisted. When Dean just shrugged he stood, his posture more angered now than concerned. "And you? You're willing to be the sacrifice in this war?"
You could hear the smile and small laugh through the phone. "Yeah, that's not how this works. You have something of mine, and I have something of yours. Been watching that motel. Took you three hours to get here from whatever dumpster you two call home? You have seven to get the tablet and get back. Elsewise your lover bites it. No comebacks this time. And no bluffing, I'll know if you have it."
Dean rolled his eyes again and resigned himself to the fact he would probably be doing that a lot in days to come. "I'll make us some real breakfast." He switched the stove on before heading to pull a pile of food out of the fridge. He threw the bacon on right away before turning back to the counter. Cas came to stand beside him, curiously watching the hunter work. "Hand me that bowl over there."
Cas let out a deep breath, a few renewed tears welling in his eyes. "They said your doctor would be by… to tell me what they were…" He cut himself off, trying to get more to the point. "I didn't expect to see you."
"That's not-" Dean tried to get his brain to catch up with the information, feeling like he was making an argument while not firing on all cylinders. "Cas, you can't just… it's in the bedroom…" He was having a hard time articulating exactly why Cas couldn't just let a cat into the cabin.
The hunter's mind was calmer than he might've thought he'd be, but it felt like it was taking forever to work through each thought.
This time as he woke however, he found himself having to claw to become fully conscious. His head felt as if someone had stuffed it full of cloth. There was a pain behind his eyes that ached deep inside his skull. Keeping his eyes shut, he began taking stock of his body. There was an uncomfortable sting in his shoulder and it still felt burning hot. Beyond that, his entire body just… hurt.
When he heard about the massacre, he knew. Somewhere deep down inside, he had the sinking realization, and he just knew it was his brother's doing. He had read every scrap of information the Men of Letters had on Cain, every single slaughter, bloodbath, and act of butchery they had recorded. This wasn't yet on that scale, but still, he knew.
Dean put on a shaky half smile. "Yeah." He tried to will some of the tension out of his shoulders as he took the plate and added it to the growing pile of dishes. "I'm fine, just, still catching up to the last few days." Putting it lightly.
"I have two more volumes of this 'Lesser Alchemy' study to work through. I believe you have jeopardy loaded on your computer from Charlie." Cas stood, walking his dishes over to the sink.
The feeling of being pulled back into his body was dizzying this time. He let the solid weight of Cas' hand on his shoulder ground him until the world stopped spinning. He accepted the angel's hand, pulling him to sit upright.
"And? You can change that sigil so it doesn't nab the one with their hand on the blood..." He stopped, reading the hunter's face. "Unless of course our dear Moose didn't
Cas readjusted and pulled the sheet and blanket out and over him, looking at Dean one last time as if for approval.
Dean's prayer hadn't been overly specific. Mostly it just seemed somewhat bitter and reluctant. Castiel spotted the Ford station wagon Dean had left in easy enough as it was the only car parked at the edge of town closest to the bar. When he approached the vehicle Dean was closer to the passenger side, one foot up on the dash, his head resting on his arm. He jumped when the angel opened the drivers side door. "Hello Dean." Cas closed the door behind him.
"Nice." Dean replied, but the smile didn't reach his eyes. He knew Sam was being careful with him, but he was starting to get tired of it.
It was Cas who pulled back first. He froze when he saw Dean's eyes, pitch black again, staring almost through him. He was taken off guard when Dean grabbed the lapel of his jacket, pulling him back roughly, taking his lips once more. His hand shot up and closed around the hunter's arm.
There was a split second when the room stilled. Castiel watched with a growing sense of dread as neither brother backed down. He saw the tension snap and Dean moved faster than he'd ever seen. In a second Sam was reeling back from the fist to his face. Dean threw another for good measure, and Sam stumbled back, giving the older hunter the path towards the exit he had wanted.
Dean looked sideways at him and then blinked a few times, and Sam was impressed he could actually see in somewhat real time as Dean tried to supply excuses to cover up the truth. "Yeah, I saw that this morning. Must've been out already."
He didn't try to force Dean to say anything, instead simply leading the way back to the car when they were done. This time when he turned onto the road he had no clear destination in mind.
"I would have liked to see him try." Dean flashed a cocky grin, but it was clear that it was covering for how completely drained he was. The walk to clear his head had turned into something of a desperate run, trying in vain to keep his racing thoughts from overtaking him completely. His fist had met an unfortunate fence, repeatedly, and the pain of that had allowed him to regain some semblance of control.
The trip up through Pennsylvania was fairly uneventful. Music, open roads, and one fought-over bag of licorice (much to Dean's delight and then irritation). This time at the motel they didn't get into any overly deep conversations, and the lack of vulnerability made for a much more relaxed evening. This time the movie ended once more with Dean asleep on Cas' bed. Learning from his experience, the angel snuck off and moved over to the other one before giving in to sleep himself.
Everyone was quiet again for a couple minutes, the silence feeling somehow even more awkward this time.
That night Cas held Dean as he thrashed through nightmares, no longer able to simply touch his head and send him into a dreamless sleep. It was all he could do to silently beg the hunter,
"As am I." Cas let out a sigh. "There is a large possibility the spell that nearly killed us was intended as an attack against me by the angels."
Sam found Dean in his room, packing guns into a duffel. He gave a half knock on the open door and let himself in. "Hey, it isn't great, but it's what we got."
Cas walked forward, clamping a hand on Dean's shoulder, pulling him towards the corner. Dean tried to break the grip but the angel's eyes glowed blue and he practically dragged the hunter across the wooden floor. He spun Dean around and shoved him backwards into the trap, watching him trip slightly and fall back against the wall the trap pushed up against with a thud.
It took him a moment to push through it, to grab onto the adrenaline of the mark, to force himself back into the fray.
Dean shook his head, leaning back in a failed attempt to look indifferent to the conversation they were just having. "Nah. I'm not tired."
"I suppose heavenly fire raining from the sky might have that effect." Dean muttered. He threw a sympathetic wince at Castiel as he noticed the angel frown at mention of his fallen brothers. "Kevin still locked up in his room?"
Dean looked around himself, still in a daze, but Cas could see when his memories started to quickly flood back.
Dean rolled his eyes, wiping up the coffee with a couple paper towels. "Fell asleep watching a movie. Didn't expect anyone near me when I woke up." He grumbled defensively.
Cas skidded to his knees next to him, putting his hand on Dean's shoulder, feeling out the damage with his grace. It was
Dean shook his head. "No, I'm good. I was just making sure." He relaxed somewhat, relieved to finally have something to sink his teeth into.
"Cas… Cas buddy, we'll figure it out. Just right now I need you to breathe." Sam's pleading was getting further away, mixing with another voice that he couldn't quite place.
When Sam woke it was daylight again. He sat up, feeling an intense rush of alarm as his brother was nowhere to be seen. "
"I know you and Sam have a firm grasp of medical care to avoid hospitals, but isn't recovering from surgery… more than you would normally handle without a medical environment?"
Dean grunted as he was lifted up by the throat against the post. He managed a somewhat cocky grin in spite of the choking grip and painful half-standing position. It was short lived as the knife began to dig into the joint between the shoulder and arm. He closed his eyes, but for now at least managed to keep his teeth clenched shut. Panting slightly when it was done, he forced that smile back on. "Aw, that all?"
"What?" the former angel couldn't quite make sense of what was being said, but she didn't seem to notice.
Dean finished off his entire sandwich, watching Cas finish up half of his before pushing away the leftover. Thinking nothing of it, Dean slid the plate over, going to work on Cas' rejected food. Back before Cas needed to eat, if they ever needed to blend at a restaurant or diner, Cas would order something and Dean would eat it when he was done with his own. He found comfort in the familiarity of the situation even through everything that was different. He could forget for a moment that Cas was human, Sam was possessed, the prophet was having a mental break, and the king of hell was cuffed in his basement. Right now it was just lunch.
you know." His shoulders sank in defeat. "You came back to the bunker this time because you were human. You needed us. Now…"
Dean absently brought a hand up to the scar on his arm, and Cas covered it with his own. He closed his eyes. "It doesn't change anything."
him. He processed this new information. Cas must've talked to Sam after he had fallen back asleep. Sam was always needling him with little inconsequential things that he knew Dean would complain about. He did the same when Sam was hurt. It was their unspoken barometer for how they were doing. If you didn't rise to the bait, you weren't feeling yourself. He narrowed his eyes at the angel but didn't say anything, looking over the somewhat blackened pop tarts before choosing to sip at the coffee for a second first.
"So was the plan any more complicated than locking us up in a cabin? Keep me contained? Don't you think it's more likely we just go mad in here?"
"When I took over, he had already killed the demons in this room. He needn't know I helped with the halls."
Dean muttered something under his breath that Cas didn't catch, but Sam threw a sideways semi-evil smirk at his brother.
"Obviously. Still keep a hold of every serviceable old Chevy part just in case you come kicking around." He turned towards Cas, holding out his hand. "Name's Tom. I've been keeping this guy's car on the road since before he was allowed to drive it."
Finally Sam relented, and unpacked the things from his supply run, helping Cas set up the air mattress in the living room, knowing that both of them would probably fight to let the other have the bed. He didn't know who would win that fight, but whoever it was, at least the other would have a somewhat decent option to fall back on. He moved a fair amount of furniture to the far end of the room, kitchen chairs and such. Things that would only clog up the space in which the two would be rolling around.
Cas closed his eyes at the information. Sam had found a trail of bodies and he had been following more. Some beaten badly, and some dead, but those dead seemed to be almost exclusively demons.
Dean grinned in spite of himself. "What, don't miss huddling in the impala for warmth, stuck in the snow, waiting for rescue?"
Dean pulled a face. "I'm sitting at a table, not running a marathon. And that's a lot of judgement to be coming from the guy who let a feral cat into the cabin."
Dean snaked a hand around Castiel's shoulders. The other slipped under the overcoat and suit coat, coaxing them off the angel's shoulder, Cas shifted slightly, preventing the hunter from removing his coat. Dean gave up after a second, and instead pressed their bodies even closer, his arm wrapping around Cas' back.
The hunter stood right as Cas finished up. He stretched, pulling off the tan overcoat and tossing it towards Cas.
"Hey, hey, hey." Dean soothed, taking a small step back to not loom over the kid. "It's just us. It's over."
"Dean… I forgive you." He watched Dean flinch at his words. "I know I cannot grant absolution for all the events of the past weeks, but I can at least forgive you for the parts involving me." He ignored the ache in his chest that longed to reach out to the hunter, knowing Dean's mind was far too volatile to allow contact again so soon. "And I do forgive you."
Cas ducked into the bedroom, opening the bottom dresser drawer and pulling out a fairly large towel before coming back out towards the small bathroom off the kitchen. He was aware of Dean following, but he closed the door swiftly behind him, locking it.
are you just standing there like that. Dodging my questions. Making me work to try to figure out what you-" The hunter took a moment to reign himself in, trying to avoid shouting lest he accidentally summon his brother. "To try to get any clue what you're thinking."
"Yeah, alright." Sam relented, knowing it wasn't the truth but not willing to call him on it. "I'll let you get back to healing. You let me know if I can help, or if this lead you have turns into anything."
Dean's breath hitched, the feeling of having his mind read always one that felt like a violation. But he trusted Castiel enough to allow it against his every instinct. He swallowed, feeling more vulnerable than he had ever been in his life, and his raw reaction was to shut himself off, maybe even run. But he forced himself to remain planted to the spot.
"Good for you, man." Sam said at last. He raised his hand in a placating gesture when Dean snapped his head up to glare at him. "I mean it Dean." He turned his attention back down to his bottle, his voice softening and taking on a sort of wistful tone. "Hey, if you can find something good in this world, you should take it."
we need?" He finished off his plate, pushing it aside and sliding Cas' over to him. "Frame didn't get messed up too badly, but she needs a lot of other parts. I have a list in the junker outside. We'll see what we can find, start working tomorrow."
"Similar." Cas concluded. He flexed his fingers sticking through the brace the doctors placed on him.
"There are two deeper parts of hell. One is of course the cage, and the other is, amongst demons, known as the hole." Castiel felt discomfort growing at talking at length about his siege on hell. "There is no part of hell that runs slower than time moves on earth besides the hole.
Dean let out a contented hum, letting his eyes rest shut again. The stress of even moments ago felt like it was fading away. "Might fall asleep, we keep this up." He mumbled.
"Yeah, keep dreaming sunshine." Sam shot back. "Saw the Impala. Impressive job there. You'll have a lot of work to do when you get back on your feet."
Cas took time to fold the sleepwear and place it beside Dean's bag before he repeated his breakfast run from the day prior.
Dean huffed a pained laugh. "Yeah, Cas. I know." He shook his head, throwing an apologetic glance towards the former angel. "It's not your fault. It's just. Ezekiel. He told me this would happen."
Dean brushed past it this time as well. "Yesterday someone broke into half a dozen storage units in this place. Probably just a random smash and grab. But knowing what Bobby probably had in there, it's important we check it out." Dean leaned his head back, a half smile on his lips. "Dad used to have one maybe half an hour from this place… funny how that works. Doubt Dad knew about it. Bobby wasn't too open with him."
Cas gestured to the chair near the desk, aware that angels did not need to sit. Gadreel did anyway. "What can I do for you?"
Dean turned to look at him, and managed to pull on a forced smile. "Wanted to make sure breakfast was less lame than yesterday."
"That is unlike you." Cas set the plate down on the side of his desk. "Do you require more healing? I did not sense illness earlier but I could-"
The Cape Cod town Sam found himself currently sitting on the outskirts of had a population of slightly more than 5,000 men, women and children. Or at least it had, last week. Today, it was just about half that.
Cas lowered the blade, but did not let it drop completely. "Why should we believe anything you have to say?"
"I meant that I did not expect for you to reach out for anything." Cas let the silence creep back in for a moment. "What caused you to reach out?"
Dean shut his mouth. He knew Sam was just making that argument to keep the door open to not taking his brother off the board. Then again, he wasn't wrong about the possibility something goes wrong and it's necessary. He grunted and leaned back. "So what does this three steps from Satan mean?"
The angel felt his heart clench, seeing the hunter break. He finally dared to bridge the gap between them, slowly as if trying not to startle a wild animal. He came to stop right in front of him, hesitating before slowly reaching towards him.
"I've got this one." Sam said, trying not to sound too hasty to avoid a hunt with Dean so soon. "Besides, I've gotta fly there if I want to make good time. It's in Tonopah, Nevada."
"Don't be a martyr. She's already dead. It's not worth dying over now." Dean grasped Cas' head, holding it firmly in place as he opened the jar. The grace flowed out of the jar and into Cas, as if it was attracted to the small shreds of grace already still inside him. Dean dumped Cas on the ground, turning and walking away casually, protecting his eyes from the burning light as the grace coursed through Castiel's body, staving off his slow demise. He threw the glass vial and it shattered somewhere off in the distance.
stuck somewhere away. The hunter tried to pass time by talking through the details of the case, but it wasn't long before he ran out of things to say about that. When he finally trailed off they sat in silence for a few moments.
"Yeah, he'll make it." Dean grabbed his coat, pulling it on, making sure Dad's journal and the demon knife were tucked safely in his pockets. He started for the door, intent on doing some last minute checks before the headed off, make sure the junker he was sending Cas out in had gas at the very least. He nearly tripped over the cat in the hallway. "Damn it!"
The younger hunter sighed, turning back to face his brother. He hesitated, reluctant to talk to him, but trying to follow Cas' example and keep things sort of civil. "I'll be back, end of the week."
Cas was silent for a moment. "Do you think it is wise? I am far less proficient with human medical matters than Sam…"
look appealing. Reluctantly he grabbed it, opting to sit at the small wooden table nearer the kitchen to eat.
Dean turned his attention back in front of them. He felt that familiar voice in the back of his head, telling him to run. To escape. Or get ready to fight his way out. He was having a hard time fighting the instincts he had needed to keep him alive all these years. He tried to remind himself. Right here, right now, he was safe. Running wasn't an option.
Dean led the angel towards the garage, sparing just a brief glance behind him over the kitchen. Things were a lot now, but he had to muscle through it. Everyone was counting on him this time.
The hunter snapped out of his trance. "Hey, sorry." He took a sip of his beer. The renewed focus faded quickly though, and he was back to staring off at nothing.
"Very good. Now do you remember what happened right before the accident? Was he conscious at the time you left the road?"
horrific thing I ever lowered myself to. But you got fed, who cares where it came from." He shook his head. "Sam, I went to hell, for
. He readjusted his grip, pushing Cas over to his other shoulder. He let his body relax slightly. The water pouring over himself and the angel was slowly making his body feel numb. He suddenly felt exhausted.
"So now what?" Kevin's voice from the archway surprised everyone as nobody had seen the prophet stand to join them.
"You mean stopping me from going dark side?" Dean sighed. He watched the angel nod, and he let his gaze slip off to the side. "Still helps. Having you around. You and Sam… help to keep me grounded."
Whatever medications they added had the former angel falling in and out of consciousness through a series of tests. He was relieved when the mood in the room shifted, slowing down. The collar was removed, and they rolled him off the firm backboard at last, letting him sink into the comforting mattress, allowing him to move a bit.
A couple weeks later, Sam sent Charlie and Kevin on a trip to Iowa, careful to keep it from Dean. Cas and him had agreed they needed a separate space prepared and warded for him if things went sideways. A demonized Dean would not be so easily tricked to the bunker, but maybe somewhere else. They chose an old cabin of Bobby's to ward as well.
Crowley looked entirely unamused. "You're joking, right? That fancy little design on your arm isn't just for show. Your body is strong enough to handle it now, sure, but it still expects blood. Think of this like a steam valve. You relieve the pressure, all is good. You don't, and for all I know you level half a city."
The battered body of his brother was unchained and thrust forward. Crowley carefully pushed Cas, grabbing Sam and blinking out in an instant before anything could go sideways.
Dean started to properly wake up and take stock of himself and everything after a cup of coffee in the small diner off the highway. He looked at Cas who was absently watching the silent weather report in the corner television and took a second to appreciate what he was doing for him. The drive was helping his mind clear, or at the very least helping distract him.
Dean frowned. "Sorry, man." He said softly, awkwardly leaning back in the chair. Sitting now, he finally felt the events leading up to this click into place in his mind, and he found himself suddenly exhausted.
They held like that in silence for a few minutes before Dean shifted, his face still set in an expression that was tinted with the scars of the past week's events. He pushed upwards, meeting Cas' lips briefly before pulling away and wordlessly walking to the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
"Shut up." Dean rolled his eyes, twisting the top off the bottle and taking a sip, trying to ignore the protest his body made. He spared a glance up at his brother, but Sam seemed to be paying him no mind.
The former angel looked up, confused, but he shifted so he could follow the pull on his arm. He settled back against the pile of cushions, body tense, trying to follow exactly what Dean wanted of him.
Dean pushed forward before his brain could think himself out of it, bridging the gap and allowing their lips to meet.
This motel stop was different than most however. Dean usually found himself heading to the nearest bar, intent on drinking and fraternizing until he could come home and pass out. Sam would stay in, do some research, and by the time Dean stumbled in, he would have gone to sleep himself.
Sam rolled his eyes, but didn't comment to him further. He made eye contact with Cas, and gave him a small smile, trying to convey he was glad they were alright.
"Yes. I believe they are after your brother for the location of Crowley. They believe he has completed the purification ritual and Crowley is human."
As soon as Dean had the gun loaded, he stepped back. "Sorry Liam." He muttered, pulling the crying kid from his neck and pushing him to lay flat in the trunk before he closed the lid on him, trying to put a shield between him and danger.
As the weeks dragged on, Dean was more and more agitated between jobs. They had barely been back five hours from another vamp nest before Dean was talking about a Demon on the other side of Kansas.
"No. I wouldn't imagine it would be." The news was still running coverage of the massacre almost 24/7. They had still only just begun identifying the dead. Cas straightened up, needing to change the subject. "Would you like help looking through these books?"
There was a pause as Sam tried to figure out if this was a trap of some sort. He finally relented with a sigh. "Alright. I'm grabbing a rental now. I'll call you in the morning, let you know where we're at with this."
Sam took in the sight before him. Dean was almost as much a mess as Cas, he assumed the fight to get him into a trap had been part of the reason the hotel was in such disarray. The clothes Dean wore now were also a little worse for wear, though much like Cas' they seemed better than he himself looked. He glanced over at the duffel and boots outside the circle, and then up at the first blade sitting on the counter.
Dean looked confused for a moment, and then his face relaxed into an expression that Cas couldn't quite place, but it made Cas a little uneasy. "Interesting."
The case Dean had found had them pulling into the town of Payson, Arizona a little more than six hours later. The group of teens to go missing represented the second group to disappear from the same area in two weeks. The police had written off the first couple as likely to have skipped town, no signs of struggle. This time three were missing but one was left, mangled and gnawed on outside an old warehouse at the edge of town.
"Yeah well you should be." Dean snapped before he could continue. "We are underground in a bunker warded so well, the angels can't even see the damn place. Where you can only be let in through the front goddamn door with a key that only you and me have. You want me to keep Cas on lock down or keep him away from you outside, that's fine. That's a compromise I am willing to make, but I will not throw him out to the angels, you hear me? You are going to sit down, and you are going to shut up, and so help me God, if you try and force him out I will find something in this bunker to lock you down. I will strap your ass into a holding cell in the basement and let you rot in my brother until he is good and healed and then I will rip you out and end you, is that understood?"
Dean slapped the counter with his palm. "Yeah, which might lead to another clue that might lead to another clue that
He hesitated at the sink, feeling a sudden rush of overwhelming emotion. He'd been successfully pushing it down for days, but the longer he went without taking stock of them, the harder they became to bury. It was too easy to put on a front, make breakfast, tell Cas about all the great food they'd eat, move around like things were alright.
"Well, not at the moment, as I'm trussed up in your lovely sex dungeon. But theoretically speaking, should I find myself free, yes."
Cas turned his attention back to his sandwich but he caught the small smile that played on Dean's lips as he gathered up and packed the snacks to go. He didn't comment on how Dean seemed to be in a much better mood.
Liam looked out from around his arms, his eyes wide to see the hunter. He scrambled up and threw himself at Dean who easily caught him and picked him up.
Sam gave a short laugh. "Yeah well, try not to drop dead inside the bunker. Only Death himself can collect."
"Thanks Mom, I'll make sure Cas wears his coat and winter hat." Dean mocked, rolling his eyes and hanging up. He looked back to find the angel staring at him.
Sam hung up the phone and allowed himself to sink to the ground, his back to the impala. He was too shaky to drive for the moment, and so he didn't even try. He coughed, trying to clear the pungent smell of smoke from his nose, though it was in the air, and on his clothes, and it was unlikely he'd get away from it any time soon.
Dean finally frowned, arms crossing as he looked over the sigil work and spell ingredients. He didn't comment for a moment, his mind seeming to process everything so far. For a moment, Castiel thought he was going to abandon his support and try to convince Cas to stop. But he simply gave a curt nod. "Where should I stand?"
Dean was back in his room, just finishing getting dressed after cleaning up, when he heard the knock. "Yeah." He invited.
After a brief hesitation, Cas lifted his hand again, pressing it flat to the side of Dean's head. He would not normally take such a liberty, or invade Dean's privacy like this, but he felt deeply troubled by the things Dean spoke about. So deeply asleep, his surface level thoughts were quiet, but deeper Cas had more of a sense of Dean's innermost feelings, and he recoiled at their familiarity.
"Well, if you aren't going to sleep-" Dean turned, reaching down with one hand, intent on flicking the radio on when suddenly the air around them cracked with power. It was as if a flash-bang went off, bright as the sun and loud as a siren. Cas shut his eyes, hands clamping over his ears. Dean cursed, trying his best to come to a stop as he lost all visibility on the road. Instead he felt the car sliding despite the brakes, tires losing purchase as they sailed over the now icy roads. The black car fishtailed, and Dean tried to steer through it, keeping it as close to where he remembered the road to be as possible, but it didn't help.
Castiel slipped onto the bed next to him, pulling the hunter against his chest, holding him tight. He closed his eyes, pressing the side of his cheek to Dean's head, taking hollow comfort in the warmth.
Once his limbs were stabilized, he was finally brought to a room. He noted that it was a larger room, meant for two beds, but he was the only one there. For this he was thankful. He didn't want an audience to his inner turmoil.
Dean meanwhile ended up hitting the ground full force in a closed supermarket parking lot two states away. He muttered a few curses as he picked himself off the pavement, the bleeding scrapes on his hands and knees swiftly working to patch themselves up.
Both of them looked up, hearing the heavy main door open and then thud, shut, and two pairs of feet echoing down the metal staircase. They waited, listening to one of the pairs of footsteps to come closer. "Hey, it's just us." Sam's voice came from the hallway, approaching the kitchen.
Cas was apprehensive when Dean settled down across from him at the table to eat. It took a moment for him to sort of shove that aside and let himself enjoy his food. They sat in silence for a few minutes, each lost in their own thoughts.
A noise from across the bunker had them both turning their heads. They looked at each other, dread mounting in their chest, though they didn't yet know why. Without saying anything both were rushing back towards 7b.
The angel pulled away for just a second, looking deeply into Dean's eyes, no longer surprised to find black eyes staring back at him. His heart skipped a beat but he found his will to care waning.
"Outside too." Sam sighed. "Three exits, three sets of eyes. That leaves us at the bottom of the stairs in case one of them manages to breach the wards." The first line of defense.
"Yeah I'm sure." He snapped. He stood, throwing the rest of his food in the trash before heading out towards the library.
Liam froze, thinking over the request in his traumatized mind. He finally gave another small nod, and Dean inched forward, bringing the flashlight up, careful to keep it out of the kid's eyes.
Dean let out his breath. "Hey. You back?" He asked, voice a little louder to be heard over the water. He loosened his grip as Cas moved to lean forward, turning sideways to lean against the tiles himself and look at Dean.
Numbly, the angel turned back to face where the hunter laid prone. He grabbed the chair at the desk roughly, bringing it to rest beside Dean's bed. He coaxed his shaking muscles to relax as he sank down into the chair to pick up the mantle of a bedside vigil.
The process was excruciatingly slow going, and by the time they managed to lean Cas back against one of the infirmary beds, Cas was just on the cusp of unconsciousness again.
Sam winced, but continued. "The Men of Letters had a spell… it's sort of like dreamwalking, but it's meant to enhance a mindreader's abilities." He opened the book, looking over the spell. "It's not exactly meant for angels, but I thought it might be a thing to try." Sam sighed. "You could go into his mind… try to reach him or… or i don't know, but do
Cas looked sideways, giving a weak and exhausted smile. "Never do that again." He said, trying to break the tension a bit by quoting Dean from just a couple weeks ago when he had died by April's hands.
"Alright Cas, well we're only about fifteen miles outside of Chautauqua, and we have a helicopter on standby. They're going to get you two up to Strong Memorial up in Rochester, okay?"
Cas slipped his braced arm out of the sling, shrugging it aside. He carefully stretched out to replace Sam's hand holding the mask around the older hunter's mouth and nose, using his good hand to take over compressing the rubber bag. Sam withdrew from the bed, hurrying back out of the room to gather supplies.
"I had hoped to consult you on life as an angel amongst humans. I have heard of you over the years. I know you have experience."
Sam looked up from his spot reading in the library when the exhausted prophet wandered in, a short furred cat close at his heels. "Hey." he greeted.
"Ah." Cas headed over, crossing the salt line and reaching in to move aside the smoldering ashes by hand. He then settled some logs back in place and coaxed the fire back to life. He finally straightened up and looked at Dean, noticing the steaming mug in his hands. He glanced over at the counter, noting the fresh pot of coffee.
Cas was relieved when Dean did actually eat something. It was honestly more than he was hoping for when they got to the diner. Even if it was half a meal instead of two, anything was better than nothing.
Dean's eyes finally focused on the angel's face, his heart still racing but his breathing starting to slow ever so slightly. He remained tense, coiled and ready to spring into action if need be. He looked out the windows, taking stock of their surroundings before finally letting his gaze land back forward. "Cas?" He asked, his voice shaking with the emotions left over from his dream.
Dean had already tried talking to him, but it was clear in this dream, Cas couldn't see or hear him. So he kept quiet, trying to make sense of it all.
He pressed on, pushed by the thought that the mark may corrupt him again before he had the chance to finally check a long standing item off his bucket list. They were only three hours away, closer than he had been in a long time, and this time he could justify the trek.
The demon nodded towards the mug in Cas' hand, a smirk settling on his face. "Boy this coffee is hot." He crossed his arms. "Kind of like-"
"So you said there was some sort of spell." Sam interrupted, trying to get the conversation back on track. He could see from the slow way Dean was blinking that he was losing the opportunity to question them quickly. "Tell me more about it."
Cas just gave him another silent nod, watching the younger Winchester retreat to safety. Once again the seraph was left alone with his thoughts.
The tension snapped. Dean slammed the laptop shut at the same time he grabbed the plate and threw it across the room, the china shattering against the bricks. "Shut up about the damn pie, Cas." He hissed, fingers coming to curl around the edge of the table to brace himself.
Sam half collapsed with relief, hardly noticing as the angel laid a hand on his shoulder and his chest wound sealed shut. After a moment he tensed, his brain catching up. He looked back at Dean.
Cas looked around himself, not sure where they were. There were no windows, so he guessed they were underground. The walls were unfinished concrete, somewhat industrial, and the work lights overhead hummed with old electricity.
"What is it going to do for you?" Cas asked. "You can't help. And you're already punishing yourself."
"How the hell did he even get out to begin with?" Sam asked breathlessly, his legs shaky as he walked to the side of the room, readying some more heavy duty shackles.
The morning light made it hard for Dean to gather the will to open his eyes. He took a moment to steel himself, listening to his surroundings. He recognized the far off melodies of Led Zeppelin and the hum of the engine in the still moving car. Finally he forced his eyes open, blinking several times against the intruding sun.
. He tried his voice. "I'm fine…" He rasped, his brain struggling to catch up with what had just happened.
Dean said simply, leaning back to collapse onto his bed again, feeling thoroughly drained and more than a little shaken. He blindly reached for his night stand, hoping to catch his whiskey bottle and take a swig to take the edge off, but he brought back a water bottle instead. He forgot that at some point Cas had made a habit of switching the two bottles while he slept. He paused, but decided to just go with it, taking a sip and somehow still feeling a little better for having done so.
"I am almost certain you have not eaten today, and you did not yesterday. You must eat something." He reached into his overcoat, pulling out a couple other snacks. An apple, a bag of pretzels, a granola bar. "I have a variety of foods if this is not your choice."
But Cas didn't seem upset… apprehensive maybe. "Can you hear my thoughts as well?" He asked, curious.
Dean assembled himself a sandwich and poured Cas a bowl of soup. He added a bottle of water, a bottle of beer, and after a moment of thought, two bags of chips. Everything was placed on a tray for easy transport. He made only one other stop in the library for his laptop.
Castiel frowned. "Those who wish to return. And those who would cause destruction to the humans should they not. But no. I have learned the importance of agency over blind obedience. I would not wish to force an angel to return if they do not wish. Nor would I see you locked up again once having a fresh start."
Dean sank down to one of the benches as soon as they were in there, his legs all but giving out underneath him.
He tripped, a break in the concrete managing to send him to his knees. He sank back, his fingers brushing over the fresh scrapes through the rips in his pants. He closed his eyes against a wave of vertigo, feeling for a moment too weak to get back up.
Cas thoughtfully ate his own overdone breakfast, also without complaint. He was staring as the cat finished her turkey and sipped from the coffee mug full of water before stretching and hopping down to go off and explore. "I do not know how to remove the tangled parts of her fur." He admitted.
The rest of the supplies, Sam brought all the way in, walking them to the bedroom. Cas followed. The younger hunter dumped them on the bed for now. "Hey Cas." He finally greeted. He pulled the angel into a quick half hug before stepping back, taking a seat in the one chair in the corner.
Cas finally made it to the bottom of the stairs. He tried to interrupt, to help in some way. "Sam he-"
Sam looked up, shaking his head. "The shit I've done when I thought I was losing you… or when I thought I had lost you…" He let out his breath, letting his shoulders fall. "Look, I'm not happy about it… about the lies and… the tricks but… Gadreel told me he warned you not to tell me."
"It was-" Dean looked at the cat, who seemed to be regarding him with vague interest, probably trying to judge the likelihood of being thrown again. "You can't just let a cat inside!"
You could hear the smile and small laugh through the phone. "Yeah, that's not how this works. You have something of mine, and I have something of yours. Been watching that motel. Took you three hours to get here from whatever dumpster you two call home? You have seven to get the tablet and get back. Elsewise your lover bites it. No comebacks this time. And no bluffing, I'll know if you have it."
"Crowley at this point at least seemed different. And he didn't look like he was one foot in the grave."
Castiel woke slowly, refusing to open his eyes just yet. He instead chose to orient himself to the sounds around him. Over the past day and a half he had familiarized himself with the beeps and hisses of the machinery in his room. This time was slightly different. His steady heart rate was usually closely echoed by Dean's, but now the hunter's heart was racing. The former angel listened harder and could pick up the ragged breaths and small shifts of movement next to him.
Cas had stepped out for a moment to clear his head when Dean next woke. Sam was in the chair beside him, and had caught the older hunter's eyes for just a second before the scene repeated itself. Sam found himself calling for Cas who came running into the room, his heart sinking as he saw Dean yet again trapped in a blind terror, unable to take in any air.
Cas caught her eyes and gave her the slightest shake of the head, and she returned with a similar nod. She coughed, pointedly changing the subject. "So, you guys know about the huge blizzard coming this way?"
"The damage Theo inflicted is vast. I am weakened from the work I was already doing to heal your brother. These wounds have proved too much for me to fix." Without the immediate threat to his life, Gadreel seemed to almost wilt, letting the wall behind him take some of his weight.
Cas sighed, relaxing his shoulders the rest of the way. "I'm glad you're alright. When the attack started… I thought perhaps they had gotten the two of you…"
Dean watched as Sam turned and left without so much as a backwards glance at him. He waited for the door to close and Cas to turn and come over to let him out again. He grunted and brushed past Cas, heading over and fishing into his bag, taking a brief inventory of its contents. Once he was satisfied the important things were there he crossed the cabin to take stock of the food.
