"You okay?" he asks while he pours. Not that he'd ever say it to her face, not unless he came up with a deathwish all of a sudden, but she looks damn awful. Mostly because he can see through what she's trying to cover up with coffee, and that's an exhaustion that not even caffeine can hide.
He points Cas's way, like there, in that general direction, lies his proof. "See. Even the ex-angel agrees with me."
“The acoustics are… unsuitable,” Cas blurts.
18 is a good age to die, so, to hell with it. He flings the door open, wincing because Bobby's right there leaning casually against the door frame like he's gotten comfy hanging out there for a while.
"Is there a word bigger than 'everything'?"
"Now that you two have met, I have that favor to ask."
"I'll see you."
In response, Cas stares back stone-faced.
That it's too damn huge to process, for one. That he is horny as fuck now, is another.
"So," Dean says gruffly, on a laugh. Words fail him. Maybe because Cas is a mere few inches away, gazing at Dean so fondly it fogs his thoughts up. He’s still holding onto Dean's shoulder with one hand, the phone number in the other.
When Cas thumbs the precome that's started making the dry drag sticky and faster, Dean's elbows nearly buckle. Cas is stripping Dean the way he does it himself, twisting and pulling rough, every fourth or fifth tug making a loose fist again for Dean to fuck up into. Dean starts to lose his rhythm. Pretty soon he's mindlessly chasing after that friction, lost to the slap of their hips, the grunt of air it knocks out of them, Cas's knees smacking Dean's sides.
"I don't know, Key Lounge? Key Largo?"
"Chop or scoot," he tells her, waving his spatula at the line up of vegetables she's supposed to be cutting.
"Chuck was a dick, but being all alone with no one else in the world, literally, it made me realize. I
Dean balks -- is this a family of forward ass dudes who got no problem going after what they want, holy crap -- before he remembers, duh. Coffee shop. They get your name for the --
It's hard to hear actual words but the gist of it seems to be: '
It's stupid to be flustered by that. And yet.
Cas looks away. "Never mind."
Dean's pulse picks way up and his stomach drops to the heels of his feet and, shit. Shit. Dean surges forward and kisses Cas.
Dean tacks on a grim smile, fake as hell. Like this isn't the sort of stuff he's been coming across since he before he knew how to read. "Must've been scary."
Dean laughs lowly and freely, the sound spilling out of him from the back of his throat. "That my nerdy best friend's a giant horn dog--"
"He's still sick? Any new symptoms?"
Cas huffed at him, but the corners of his mouth, just a little, turned into a smile. "She's not evil. She's... thorny."
The manicness doesn't go unnoticed by anyone, but he knows him and Cas are playing with something dangerous here. And with Sam around, there's no way in hell Dean's gonna act on any impulse.
It takes some effort, but Dean gets up to grab one of their dirty towels. Cas watches, sitting up, but Dean presses him back down when he returns.
Dean's full plan is as follows:
Whatever that means. Except it's just another confirmation that all he's ever going to do is screw up every relationship with anyone he's ever cared even a little about. If he's on Cas' shit list -- Cas, the guy who once looked him dead in the eye and announced like it wasn't a big fucking deal that he rebelled against of all of Heaven for him -- then, hey, maybe it's an inherent thing. It's him. Maybe Dean's a bad person and everyone else has finally caught on.
Sam stifles a grin and says, "Okay, cool. I'll go tell Bobby we're going. I'm so excited!" And then, like the overzealous freak that he is, he bounds downstairs like some mobile embodiment of pure joy.
Sam sounds completely smug when he says, "I know. Jerk."
"Think I found what I was looking for, actually," he tells her kindly, moving past with an apologetic smile when she looks bummed that she might've read the situation wrong. Cas is already motoring between aisles again, and Dean has to dodge random animals weaving around his legs to catch up.
"Hey," Dean says, gruff. "Just--" He makes an aborted gesture that lets Cas fill in the blank, huffing out a self-deprecating laugh after.
"You know what," Dean starts, snatching the straw back. "Shut up."
"Bobby's special skill," Dean snarks.
“Yeah, and you too, Dean,” Sam says, still treading carefully. “Remember the whole Godstiel, power trip thing? You lost it? Or after Purgatory? Or, okay, when Cas died and—”
"My mistake," Cas says, sounding as indifferent as always, though Dean can hear the stilted tone underneath while he adjusts. "This is Hank. Hank frequents the shop." Yeah, Dean bets. He's noticing that the dog still wrestling for freedom isn't the only thing looking a little frisky here. Hank's staring at Cas like he wishes he frequented more than just the pet store Cas slopped for. "This is Dean," Cas says, and Dean cuts in real quick.
With his face still planted firmly in the crook of Cas' shoulder, Dean gets them swung around and moving down the pathway. He throws his hand up in one last taunting farewell.
"PIE."
“Dude,” he says with some good-natured judgment, but then he realizes: right, it’s probably pretty weird coming into someone else’s bedroom. Their personal space.
Maybe because, selfishly, he already has his own plan and this just makes it easier.
For a few minutes reality carries on without Dean's involvement, and it's only when Sam goes, "
Dean looks up at Cas with a smirk, but Cas is furrowing his brow at him in that 'does not compute' way that makes him look like a broken robot. And, oh, Dean's still eye-level with the guy's junk, no wonder. He gets up quick, which makes Cas squint at him even more, which in turn makes Dean feel like he has to defend his life choices.
Cas moves on back over to Sam, riffling through his wallet as a distraction, and says, "I'll have the raisin, please."
When Dean still hasn't moved out of the doorway, Cas says, "Dean. Sit." So Dean does, and it's with the feeling that this isn't as out-of-the-norm for Cas as it is for him. Like maybe he's sat here and had a hundred other meals with Dean at this same table, with these same plates.
, but. Dean, I think you're not, you know.
"Cas," he croaks, muffled by the pile of dirty clothes Cas has wrestled him into. If this is it -- if Cas is done with him -- he just wants it to go quick.
"I am! This thing's on the warpath for a happy couple? Okay. I'm looking at one."
"And google, what? 'Cause it ain't like they got a website for this sorta thing. Unless they do," he automatically reconsiders. Five years into the future. It might be the friggin'
"Fine, geez," Sam finally concedes. "You could be less of a jerk about it."
Cas' eyes drop back down to his menu. He stands it open and upright on the table, so it's partially shielding him, this makeshift tower or shelter or whatever Cas is going for. There's a heavy, dragged out beat, and then Cas asks, still not looking at him, "Do you? Want her?"
Cas gently sets his bag near the door. He takes his time taking in the decor, which, Dean had noticed, is also big on the beach theme. There are nets hung decoratively on the wall and all the lamps in the room are shaped like anchors.
Dean gestures that he does. He also winks at the kid who, once she's caught staring, blushes and ducks behind a dessert menu. Which reminds Dean, he's gotta order himself some pie.
Dean thrusts weakly, his dick smearing precome against Cas' palm, and he fucks into that, into the loose, sweaty fist Cas wraps around him, his eyes lasered in on what Cas is doing to himself like he's some neighborhood creep but, jesus, he can't help it. You couldn't pay him to stop looking right now, not with the way Cas is into it. The thing that's getting to him the most is that Cas is clearly trying to make a point here. It's not that Dean's being a submissive bitch, it's that Cas is being possessive as hell.
He doesn't
"What are your plans tonight?"
"Before you guys go, I, uh." He pulls his hands out of his pockets, both of them clenched into fists. He turns them over, opening them, and reveals a ring sitting in each palm.
"You should have told me."
There's such a thing as sense memory. With April -- the reaper -- the tension the night they'd met had been soft, expectant. She saw to his wounds and then, well. Seduced him, for lack of a better term. For her gain, he found out much later, but at the time it seemed genuine, and he'd enjoyed the sensations that came with the attraction. The ones that came later with the act were pleasurable as well.
Cas backs up, withdrawing. He's like an entirely new person, like Dean switched channels and landed on a different show. "We're done in here and you've helped considerably, so thank you."
Cas is on him so fast, Dean rocks back with it.
Not that that wasn’t hilarious.
Cas adds, "She's very attractive."
That’s when Sam gets it. What this is. Or should have been. “Oh,” he says, his eyes widening. But then they narrow. “Oh. You didn’t think I—? Dean, c'mon, like I don’t have eyes?”
Sam doesn't seem to share his outrage. Sam, actually, is practically preening. "Yeah, well. It's kinda hard to hunt when there's nothing there
The hopeful way she's staring, though, probably means she's not asking him about his penis in the middle of a craft store. Go figure.
He can practically hear the reaction on the other end. "I don't sound like--"
It's clean, with lots of wooden shelves full of books lining the walls and filling up space. Register down near the back, with a short, black-haired woman working it. Some heavily cushioned chairs are stationed at various points for people to hang out and read if they want, all bright colors like lime green and orange and purple. There's a table up near the entrance with a display for newer, popular books, and beside those an assorted stack in front of a handmade sign that says 'Castiel's picks.'
Cas yanks away from Dean's balancing hold and almost faceplants again. Dean straight up laughs that time and Cas scowls. "Of course you find humor at my expense."
Shit. Ellen was already looking eager to storm the booth.
"Yeah, well, I say you've always had crap for brains. Besides, you think I wanna face Sam after all this, tell him I left his nerdy BFF behind?" He gave Cas a wide-eyed look that implied Sam would cry real, legitimate tears. It was complete bullshit, and they both knew it, but still.
Cas starts to breathe real fast, then he makes a startled noise and stills. "Dean," he warns, pushing Dean away, and Dean only just pulls off when Cas starts to come.
He's already got her ready to go. She’s in the carrier, on his desk chair, nibbling away on some hay. They’ve said their goodbyes--he’s gonna miss the little rat.
He's leaning in so close. Definitely a lightweight. Or maybe this is strategic. Get near enough, breathe up all a guy's oxygen. Make him lose his mind a little.
"It's so cute, how hard you pretend to hate him."
Cas finds out Dean is less than an hour away. Somehow, with his and Sam's aimless driving, they'd wound up nearby, almost like they were being drawn to the same spot.
Sam perks up; across the room, Jess is waving at him. One of those small flexing of the fingers that means, despite the laws of nature and finer evolutionary instinct, she might actually be attracted to the giant lug.
Michaels, he knows, is the giant conglomerate across the street. It's kinda hard to miss when it looms over the other shops in the strip mall like some evil headquarter.
Dean adds, "Flu," with a half-smile thrown Cas' way, like that sums up the whole bathroom encounter and, aw, ain't Cas a little trooper?
Cas is pulling something out of the oven.
Cheeks flaming, he clears his throat and books it towards the store with the silent prayer that, for the love of god, please let that embarrassment have gone unwitnessed.
"No," Cas says. Dean has a second to feel like shit over the rejection, before Cas adds, "Truthfully, I was hoping to find you alone."
He can see Cas making a face, like what Dean said is a bunch of b.s.
"I miscalculated," Cas says. It's more like an accusation aimed at the toppled over bowl.
"Hey, hot stuff, what can I get ya?"
"Gimme a break. I didn't even do anything."
Sam clears his throat. "Right. Well." He glances at Dean again, like he expects Dean to pick up where he's left off. Smooth.
"I know a little somethin' about obligation myself."
Dean plants his hands on Cas' bare shoulders, which are burning up, and guides him back to the bed. "Alright."
It's like she's related to Sam, for fuck's sake. Like the two of them know exactly which buttons to press to send him from zero to done. "Are you gonna help or not?"
"Thank you."
Until he feels his heart beating like hell again, so strong he’s sure Cas can feel it too.
The portal zaps noisily and Dean remembers, right. Heroic exit. It'd be awesome if they could manage to not screw that up. He hauls ass up this rocky, uphill ridge until he's right there in front of it; it crackles like it wants to burn him alive, which would just be Dean's luck.
"So, I had to ask myself, what meant more. What was worth losing, possibly forever. Heaven or..." The rest goes unspoken, but Dean can feel it anyway in the way Cas is staring at him. Heaven or him. Heaven or Sam. Or free will, or the frickin' bees. That's a hell of a weight to put on Dean's shoulders, and even though he never asked Cas to make that decision, would never, he can tell that it was asked anyway. Not in words, but Dean can see it now. Can imagine all too easily silently pleading with Cas not to go, willing him to stay, but pushing him away all the same.
"I'm in Dell Rapids, South Dakota, at a bus stop. Jack brought me back in a cornfield, somewhat anticlimactically."
Dean gets to his brother's side before he faceplants off the couch. "Woah there, drunky," he says, tugging him back into place. Cas disappears down the hall while Dean helps Sam get settled.
Cas, previously occupied with flipping through reruns on Dean's TV, merely stares at it a few beats too long before he realizes he's supposed to take it.
Dean slams the trunk to the Impala shut, his and Cas's  duffels snuggled inside.
Then Castiel says, "In the future, I'd like if you were clocked out on time."
“You boys enjoy.”
"It's definitely a little weird. But maybe he thought it'd be less awkward if you didn't know? Or, I don't know, he was invited last minute?"
Son of a bitch, there's no way, NO WAY, Cas is implying what it sure as fuck sounds like he's implying. The guy's in here with his friggin' tie worn backwards beneath his scarf, that sort of cluelessness can't go hand-in-hand with the porn now whizzing through Dean's head like someone logged him into bustyasianbeauties.com, only starring Cas and a collar and --
"I mean, it's been two days already, and the abductions usually--"
Sam's smirking, his eyes lit with actual merriment. "But you admit there's a thing."
"Stay." It rushes out of him. "Just the night. I'll drive you back in the morning, ass-crack of dawn even." That smile returns, hopeful. "I'm not in any rush to get out of here."
Cas watches as the number on the clock changes from 2:04 to 2:05.
Mankato, Kansas is the crap pot this is happening in, but it's only a twenty minute drive from the bunker, tops, which means Dean and Cas can leave for the hunt with peace of mind.
"Dean's been acting similarly all day," Cas, the traitorous bastard, throws in. "I assumed a head injury was to blame."
"Fine, but no chance in hell you're getting the Heimlich."
"At a bar."
Cas's mouth quirks into a tiny smile, only on the left side of his face. "I remember, and if I recall correctly, you banned me from apologizing shortly after."
Cas and JoAnne both stare at him. The realtor, because he’s being a dick, and Cas, to gloat. Because maybe Dean doesn’t have the best people skills either.
When it's quiet, Dean says, "I pray to you, Cas," and his voice is rough with the admission. It seems to embarrass him, because he makes himself sound lighter. "I mean, blame it on one too many head injuries, I don't know, but my ass is in trouble? I forget you can't hear me and I pray. Hell," he adds, and this is harsh, but for a different reason, "not like you always answered, anyway. Not at the end. Guess nothing's really changed, huh?" He laughs, except it's self-deprecating.
"What?" Cas says, feeling the weight of Dean's stare.
Eventually, he does.
"Pfft. Like he'd even fit in a rug." Dean holds a hand high above his head, like it ain't already obvious. "Tall," he explains.
Dean scowls and points an accusatory finger at Cas. "That's on you. I never said that."
Cas tells her, “We saw the sign.” He keeps his eyes locked intensely on her, enough so that she grows uncomfortable under his stare.
Whatever, so Dean's moral compass is as broken as the rest of him.
Dean snorts again, embarrassed for no good reason, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. He finds the lighter he'd placed near their stash and gives it an experimental swipe. A small flame erupts, making everything glow suddenly. Sam notices the yellow, orange-ish flicker and hollers his excitement, which makes Dean chuckle before he extinguishes it.
Amelia laughs to herself. "There he is."
"Is this where I apologize for my career?"
By the time he makes it back to his table, some ten minutes and one 'get your shit together, asshat' pep talk later, the old lady is gone and he's forgotten to be annoyed with Sam because now his brain has something else to be preoccupied with. Doesn't mean that distraction is mutual; when his brother spots him, his eyebrows leap to his hairline, and considering the mane on him, that's quite the jump.
Five minutes to eleven, though, and Dean's still in bed, buried under a mound of covers. He woke up with morning wood, predictably so, and has spent the better half of the past ten minutes lightly massaging himself, still drowsy and lazy from sleep and not in any rush.
Jesus, his life. Why does he care? Sam can think what he wants. Sam's letting his hair grow out because he thinks it looks good, so clearly he's already wired with a heaping dose of wrong opinions.
"You're infuriating," he insisted instead, but it didn't have the same venom as before. It was more like Cas was losing steam but he hadn't said his share yet. "And you do leave the toilet seat up, often enough now that I know you're doing it on purpose."
Dean's startled out of his brooding by a text.
, turned the hell on, Dean slots a leg between Cas', and that's when Cas gets with the program.
He can hear Cas trying to suppress his frustration. "I had to lock myself in a bathroom. Considering the number of family members who are here, and my uncle Uriel's gravy, I may only have a couple minutes."
Cas slides his hand across Dean's jaw and cups it warmly. Dean softens into it, hurting and wanting in equal parts. His eyes close and he fights against the urge to back off, to deny himself.
"Fine, then, a date, and no one had sex."
Okay, truthfully? He doesn't intend for things to go beyond that. How many times can you tell someone 'cool, okay bye' before it gets awkward? But he's heading out of the bathroom, hands still wet from his post-piss rinsing, when he hears the dulled chimes of a new text coming from his bedroom and his mood glides right back up.
"Jesus," Dean swears, ducking from the counter to do just that with the tips of his ears flaming pink. He can't even go into crisis mode over Cas admitting that he misses Dean (holy fuck) because sure as shit Bobby'll pick up on it.
"Okay, so, yeah. That pissed me off. That."
"To moon over his best friend. Sure."
"Fffffuh--" comes out of him as both a noise of pain and an involuntary respiratory response.
"November second," Dean says disbelievingly.
"I, uh. Excused myself. To the bathroom."
"We don't
"Ouch."
"Do you want me to leave?"
. "Two, three years ago? That would be a guess. Since I, uh, hung up my wings for good, time has the habit of seeming much more fluid. It all just--" He makes a
"Relax, you look like I'm gonna tear you a new one now that we're alone and the witness has fled. I'm not mad, Dean. Okay, maybe a little -- but god, I'm so tired of being pissed off. Especially at you."
Realizing that this conversation is going to continue, Dean tosses his keys to the table. He walks around Cas, pressing his fingers to the bridge of his nose. "That's different."
Charlie comes swooping in like his heterosexuality reaffirming itself. Cas follows behind, eyeing both Dean and who Dean now knows is Kevin with a curiosity that's vaguely hostile and openly distrustful.
She smiles at that, conceding Dean's point by not disagreeing with it.
He feels something start to come loose.
Okay, that was like the third flirty text of the night. Dean's not going crazy here, Cas is definitely starting to lay it on thick. Not that Dean minds, or is going to acknowledge not minding ever again.
Jo socks him in the shoulder. The bruised one, too, which is the only reason he winces in pain.
Cas is shooting Dean this look that's equal parts 'Charlie is hilarious' and 'Dean, you need to be a responsible adult, let me frown my disappointment at you.' Cool. Just what he needs on top of everything else.
Kevin looks at Dean--but Dean's watching Cas, who's holding himself rigidly and staring away, which pretty much answers that. Not like he was gonna make nice all night with some rando, but still.
"Nothing to," he insists pretty dismissively.
Cas looks down at the paper and swallows. Slowly, without taking his eyes off it, he sets the trophy back down. It nearly topples off the shelf.
Sam notices how Dean's interest rises from
. More like, awesome," while he takes a too-vigorous bite.
Dean grits his teeth and heads back for the regular pot.
Naomi's voice is sharper this time. "Castiel! Remember yourself. Remember what you are, where you belong! You are one of God's obedient--"
Cas says, “Huh,” and it sounds curious more than anything else.
Cas sits beside Dean. He smiles into his second sip, but Sam's frowning.
"Then again," Cas says, sorting through a smaller pile of books, "why wouldn't we?"
Dean latches onto that -- he's just going to admit it here -- so pathetically, he might as well be recording the moment to report later in his diary. Still, he scoffs. "Whatever."
"You got a point here?"
It's weird to watch Cas move around the place like he's never been comfier. Weird, too, to share a roof with the guy and not have him poofing off for angel business every half hour.
Dean snorts again, chuffing it out through his nose. "Kinda got that." The door opens easy, making only a small, rusty creak. Dean grins real big at Cas and slips in.
A couple seconds later, his hand reaches between them and curls around Dean's.
"Once we were on familiar soil," he rumbles out, "and safe, the vampire--"
Dean/Castiel
"I will punch you in the neck."
"Spit it out already," Dean barks, with just enough bite.
Bobby'll kill him for this. Sam, too. But he's gotta do it, he has to.
It's weird to have a reaction to that, right? Yet, stupidly, Dean does. He feels kind of proud? It's weird.
Noticing Cas is hovering outside his door, he stops gathering up the rest of Tolk's stuff, including the catnip toy he picked out for her from a CVS because it was shaped like a carrot.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel says, there in the break room, of freaking course.
There's just so much glitter. Besides, it's sterile-feeling and too bright and every three seconds his brain floods his entire nervous system with these strong fight-or-flight impulses that feel, honestly, like one taco too many during all-you-can-eat-beer-and-taco night.
A bored looking woman stands behind the counter, typing at the computer in front of her. The only acknowledgment they're given is a slightly raised eyebrow.
Dean's hands tighten around the steering wheel. He can feel the car lurching forward as he gasses it again, only it's unintentional this time.
"Hi," Dean chirps, brightly.
Dean sweeps the papers into one big pile with an even bigger grin. "Yahtzee."
Yeah, well. "He's with Jess."
It made Lisa laugh and nudge at him with her elbow, which was his desired result, if he was being honest here. It also made Cas' glower split into a frown because he was lost on the joke. It was kind of a dick move on Dean's part, but he so rarely flirted anymore. It was making him a little hyper, not to mention overeager.
"With pie, I'm sure. There is always apology pie."
Dean retreats, but not without stealing a whiff. Good ol' apple pie. God bless the union that is Sam and Amelia, seriously. Amelia is good people. Here is undoubted proof.
"And, nothing. I told him I already had a ball and chain. He was cool with it."
"So, Kermit," Dean quips when the silence stretches on.
Ah, Jo. The topic of whom Dean knows to delicately tip toe around just so Ellen doesn't feel the need to remind him she's licensed to carry concealed.
Cas is gone.
Benny laughs, a low, lazy chuckle. “You’re awfully protective of him.”
Dean settles onto the steps a few feet from his brother. It puts him in range of the tool box, which means it's only a matter of seconds before Sam nods at him, gesturing for a handful of nails. "So, repairman," Dean says while he hands them over. "Seriously with that? I thought you were yanking my chain."
"You think he's wrong?"
"And you," Christine says, lobbing her other hand at Sam so she can latch on in a similar hold. The water in her lap wobbles threateningly but doesn't spill over. "You are so, so lucky to have Amelia."
Cas' wallet, when Dean says to hell with it and peeks inside, is full of scraps of paper, all of them scribbled on. He thinks it fondly, but he thinks it all the same: dude is such a hoarder. Dean pulls one out. All it says is
"'Least we can rule one person out," he says. He signals for a waitress and orders new drinks to replace the one's left behind, and a couple of burgers and fries too.
The woman wraps her mouth around her straw pretty suggestively, maintaining eye contact the whole time, from tongue to swallow.
Cas sucks high up Dean's neck, his free hand twisting into the hair at his nape, and Dean's orgasm hits him so hard, his vision switches to black. Dean comes in spurts that mostly catch on Cas's hand, but some shoot between them as well, dirtying Cas' shirt.
Dean does go. Dean mindlessly heads to the driver's side, but then.
"'Cause it's none of your damn business? He's a guy," Dean isn't proud of the way he struggles to get that word out casually, like Cas's gender matters, but he blows past it, overcompensating with sarcasm, "that I talk to sometimes. Big deal. You want me to skywrite it next time? Maybe jot it down in our super secret shared diary."
Somehow Cas makes even less eye contact. Faintly he admits, "I did."
Dean ignores Jo's smug look, which is a Herculean effort considering she gets right in his face with it. "Agreed. Good thing Jo's more man than--"
Dean takes a seat, after checking to make sure Sam's okay to man the counter alone.
Cas pulls himself out of the book to watch as they drift from highway to town. Calling it that, though, is being generous. There are a couple of gas stations, some fast food restaurants, and a cheap, rundown-looking motel with a broken 'vacancy' sign.
"Ready?"
"Yeah." Dean laughs some. "Tell me about it." And that's saying something, since, you know: dude was once a millenia old angel that got to peek in on humanity at its most freaky.
Minutes later, just because he happens to glance that way while refilling a napkin dispenser, he catches sight of Cas storming toward a garbage can at the edge of the street, all ready to toss the coffee into the bin as a gesture of their mutual hatred for one another, when he seems to think better of it. He stops, hesitates, and then takes a tiny sip, all while frowning. And then Dean sees him sigh and take a begrudging second and then third sip, and Dean nearly fist pumps the air, that's how victorious he feels. Take that, asshat.
Dean's eyes have turned pleading. "You can't sleep at a gas station, Cas, that's messed up. Our brand of it, and everyone elses."
"I don't hate you, Cas. You're my best friend. Now brush your damn teeth and get in bed before I change my mind."
"Happy buncha earthworms, I wager," the guy teases back.
it. He was like this when he came back the first time--"
"So, I'm you," Sam pitches at him over the phone while Dean's cleaning dishes and he's on his way to his class, "and my thought process is, y'know—”
that same uptight guy he always was. Instead of finding that off-putting, it's actually a relief. Like there's still something
Cas showed up at the Men of Letters bunker one morning looking like one of those scraggly-bearded douchebags that gets themselves dropped into the wilderness for a week of survival and reality TV fame.
Besides, lately with all the fighting and realizing they're at different points in their life, it's awkward as fuck.
Whatever it is, the intimacy of the night, the case, Cas finally telling Dean something he's been needing to hear for a while now, it makes Dean realize 'complicated' doesn't even begin to cover what's going on with them.
Sam pulls his prissiest frown while Dean surveys the scene in front of him: dough sticking to the steel countertops; flour all over; an overturned mixing bowl; a burnt batch of a first attempt.
And anyway, it puts things into perspective. This is dumb. Fighting is dumb.
Sam swings the hammer a couple more times. He stops and blows the bangs out of his face. It's like a damn beer commercial ad. Which Dean could really use, especially if he's just going to be standing around staring like hammering nails is a spectator sport.
"About?"
"That was the plan," Cas agrees, and his own gaze drops elsewhere when Dean's snaps his way.
Dean's been in Grounds For Thought a handful of times, mostly to grab coffee for Sam when he was up to his bangs in homework and the gas station stuff wasn't cutting it.
Dean hits the call button instead of texting back. Cas answers before the second ring.
They wrestle like that until the adrenaline tapers off and Dean calls uncle first, sliding up Cas' body through his freakishly strong hold. Dean's never spent a lot of time thinking about other dude's bodies, but Cas, he's realizing, could do a lot worse than what he's got. He's more filled out than Dean is, compact where Dean's gone pudgy.
"Holy crap, Cas, think of, I don't know, Mother Teresa in a bikini." He can already feel the confused stare at the side of his face, so he tacks on a helpless, "I don't know! That usually kills it for me."
"All that bacon. You're gonna eat yourself into an early grave, and what then?"
Feeling busted, Dean swings back around. He nods at Cas, grinning sheepishly. "Knew you noticed."
"You good, Sam?"
It crashes in on them soon after when Dean gets the paper and sees 'Hitched Slayer Attacks Again' right there on the front page.
with some good ol' sarcasm. "You wake up on your period or something?"
"Why did you have to fight with him? He's my friend too!" Sam bursts up from the couch. Dean tries to stop him, but Sam wiggles out of his grasp, his whole chest heaving from the weight of his emotions.
"Not that I'm complaining. Or trying to jinx anything. Or imply anything. I'm not. But, just. Look at you."
With his mouth gone completely dry, Dean swallows. "Cas," he says.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on, play along. What are your plans tonight?" Before he can get out the words 'not a damn blessed thing' she cuts him off. "Celebrating with your favorite-fave! Hey-o!"
"Dean?"
"Dean," Cas blurts, scared and urgent.
'THE FUCK????' goes his brain.
"I deserve to know!" Sam calls after him.
“I doubt that.”
As expected, Dean gets the '
"Look, call it a 'bond,' or whatever--"
Instead of arguing Sam's point, Dean concedes it. This he actually agrees with. "Exactly. You and me. Crosby and Nash. Mulder and Scully."
Naomi watches, eyes riveted, like he's some animal stupid enough to try crossing a busy highway. When he's not immediately blown to pieces or flicked away like a bug, he stops caring about the scary angel lady and starts for Cas more earnestly.
"Hello, Sam," Cas says, ignoring Dean's fuck-you-all eyes.
He grins—big enough to show teeth and empty enough to chase her off his case.
"This is a surprise," Cas fills in.
Dean laughs a little to himself and leans back against his headboard, his legs laid out in front of him. He’s cradling a beer in his lap, already a couple swallows in. “I’m just sayin'. The babysitting gig? Probably a misunderstanding, man.”
Benny huffs out dryly. "You're just bugged she thinks Sam's prettier than you."
"I'm good," he gives back smoothly. "Thanks, though."
Cas is a much nicer person. He actually placates her, only it's an embarrassing thing to witness. Cas is a guy who doesn't dole out high-fives, if the painstakingly earnest nature of it is anything to go by.
Cas is turned the other way, huddled from the cold, staring down at his phone. After a moment, he regroups and turns, then startles since Dean? Kinda right there.
"Dean," Cas says calmly, standing there.
Dean glances down. So maybe the apron was a bad idea, but he'd found it curled up in the pantry as a gag gift, and Cas had seemed pretty into it when Dean joked about putting it on.
Fine. He’s been meaning to talk about this.
"Well?" she says, and her eyes are wide, so much so that Dean can practically feel the teasing in the air as if it's turned into something solid. That he wouldn't mind punching.
you to come back."
Dean smirks at him. "Gonna buy me dinner first?"
Dean lingers in the hallway awkwardly. "Right. Listen, Cas. I shouldn't have..." Halfway through that, though, Cas turns his back to him, and it makes Dean stall on the apology. It fades into lameness, an uncomfortable silence taking over once more.
The decent thing to do is text the guy -- Castiel, he reminds himself; weirdest freaking name
Barely three minutes after that, Dean's hissing, "Hey," into his phone while ducking back out through the bar's front doorway. He passes a couple coming in, smiling fakely at them like a nice, normal person until they're out of sight. "Cas."
“Well, yeah, but. Now she thinks we’re in here…”
"Aww," Dean rolls with it, mocking. "You flatterer, you."
Yes. But Cas doesn't understand the correlation. It's true, had Dean opened the bunker to Cas he would've had a roof over his head, maybe even a support system, but he would still be just as useless, he'd still have been the one to have disordered Heaven.
Sam's exasperation feels like a personal victory.
Yeah, Sam bustles around him like he's equal parts sorry Dean's as sad of a sack as he is and overeager to stay on Dean's good side, but so long as they aren't caring-and-sharing, what does Dean care.
Dean turns away from the stove with a glare. "Yeah, I don't care. Supper's almost ready."
The farther into summer it gets, the longer their trips become.
See? BFFs.
Dean snorts, but he's catching the tiredness in Cas's voice. Softly, he tells him, "Hey. It's only two days."
Dean scoffs. "Everyone will believe it."
Cas ignored that, unsympathetic to the visuals haunting Dean's vision. And, jesus, there were visuals. Instead he said, "Why didn't you tell me about work?"
Dean startles, then plays it cool by darting away from the window where, FYI, nothing weird or creepy was going down. Just, you know, normal gazing. People do it all the time.
the three miles to class. Because he's a gazelle. A tall, dweeby, grass-eating gazelle.
Dean snatched the beer away a second time and managed to haul Cas up and off the couch before any protests could be made.
For the record, Dean's emotions have been in a constant, fucked up tangle since he got here, but the way the alcohol in his gut seems to suddenly be sweating out of his body and how his pulse roars loudly in his ears is all brand fucking new.
"Of Meg?"
Cas swipes his eyes and gets a hold of himself. He straightens back up and moves to collect a couple of blue ribbons off a tack board near the desk by his bed. "I need to pack."
"Brother, that any way to talk to a lady?" Benny pitched at him with some conspiratorial eye flaring at Jo. So, this was two-against-one, then? Well, screw them both.
They leave a big tip before they go.
Inside isn't much better, though the place seems comfortably lived in. This is Dean's conclusion after more than one sleepover, anyway.
"Yes, Dean, nice. Sometimes people connect emotionally and it's just as satisfying as sex. Spoiler. Ugh." Sam sits up again, blinking weirdly, like his eyelids are glued together. "God. Everything hurts right now. My eyes. Ow. My hair."
It was Cas who got them moving towards a bedroom. He tugged and Dean followed and by the time Dean was stumbling backwards onto Cas's bed they'd both shed a significant amount of clothing, all of which was now strewn about their apartment.
Cas wiggles into the touch, sighing out happily. It happens accidentally, but Dean winds up running his hand over Cas' hair, smoothing the sweaty strands back. Cas shivers and Dean pulls away.
"This was a helluva lot easier when we were kids," Dean admits sourly. Yeah, they had some tough goodbyes growing up, all them times Dean's dad came around only to displace him and Sam, but those separations never felt final. Not like this.
Dean grabs another beer and passes it to Cas on his way back out. "Come on."
"Anyway," Dean says loudly, heading back for the counter, "order something or clear out. No loitering allowed. You want a table to cry at, go around the block. I hear there's a couple of Starbucks and they love when you do that there. Feeds their grubby, corporate souls, or whatever."
There's a journal in there too. Old and bound in leather. Dean snags it, thinking with some honest-to-god anticipation, alright, he's gonna read himself the sordid recountings of his future doings, but also: a diary? Really? How many branches on the tree of lame-assery did he hit on his fall down?
He settles back onto the couch, kicking his feet up. His face becomes a mask of disinterest. "Whatever."
Dean smiles at him, but it doesn't lift up all the way. Once more he grabs his keys. He makes it as far as the door again before he's turning to face Cas.
Dean leaned back and sighed. As much as he liked a good deflection, it was inevitable that Cas honed in on his more burdening of emotions.
"Yeah, you're right. This is you not-overreacting because I'm wrong."
Only seconds later, Dean's great mood plummets far and fast when he immediately gets a new text from none other than Castiel, and the actuality of the situation hits him full force, with the bonus of early morning clarity. There's also a message right after from Jo that's a paragraph long string of LOL's, but the Castiel one's tripping him up too much to appreciate it right now.
"You're handling it well," Cas notes.
and pull on the lever that raises the metaphorical drawbridge within.
"I don't know, man, those first trials," Sam's saying, staring off like the memory's coming on hard, "I felt like I was dying. I can't even imagine what Cas--"
Sam laughs, breaking the quiet, and Amelia does too. Even Cas looks like he might be following a laugh track in his head, and Dean can't feel too bad about that, can he?
"Look," Sam says when he comes out of it. He has something in his tone that sets off an immediate bad feeling, which is only solidified when the music cuts from a ballad to something sung by one of those chicks with a dollar sign for a name. Sure enough, Sam hushes his voice. "I get that you and Lisa are having a weird time right now--"
Sure enough, Cas knocks his forehead into Dean's shoulder. "Go back to sleep, Dean," he says, low and throaty.
"What'd you tell her anyway? She think you're some kinda freak now?"
The scraping picks up next door again, and then there's humming, and that definitely ain't a mouse.
Thirty actual seconds later the book has to be thrown in a waste basket as it succumbs to its ashy ending, just as the smoke alarm starts to blare.
Cas nods, grabs his latte with another nod at Sam, and leaves as quietly as he came in.
Cas just stares.
Her brisk departure makes some of the drink spill over the edge of the glass. Dean holds it away from him and huffs out through his nose, saying, "Nice," as a few stray, sticky droplets roll down his wrist.
Cas scowls, but it's a piss poor attempt to hide his own smile, which is tugging the corners of his mouth upwards.
Cas comes into the kitchen to get a beer for Sam, and Dean has flashbacks of himself limp against the sink counter while Cas knelt in front of him, sucking him off so awesomely Dean's fairly certain his brain's pleasure center now houses only that blow job's memory.
"Okay," Sam interrupts. He sets the hot chocolate on the counter and steps back. "I'm going to... not be a witness to this inevitable double-homicide. From way back there, where I'll be, not insulting the customers. Cas," he says, though Cas is stuck glaring at Dean and barely pays him any attention, "drink's on the house, for pretty much ever. Okay."
After a while, Cas catches on that Dean's openly ogling his hoardings. He glances over suspiciously, giving Dean a quick, squinty-eyed look to confirm things before safely looking back at traffic again.
It's Cas who answers, "Dean's world famous peanut butter cheeseburgers," in a braggy voice like Dean's the coolest person he knows. He's smiling pretty fondly at him too, which is nice. Ditto.
Time crawls from three after six to four after six; Dean's already swigged down two cups of coffee, more for liquid courage than energy. If anything, though, he's jittery and nervous.
"You got this," Dean tells him.
He turns on his phone, pulls up his contacts list, and let's his finger hover over Dean's name. But something stops him. Something he's unwilling to put a name to.
' and '
," he greets enthusiastically, "welcome to casa de--" That's as far as he gets because with the door open, his eyes fall very quickly upon a face that has become super familiar to him recently. "Ah."
Dean slides his hands up Cas' face until he's cradling his jaw. "Shut up." Then he's pulling Cas those last few inches, kissing him deep and dirty just like he's been wanting to do.
"Told you to get a haircut."
"Same. Gassy," Dean says. "Better."
"Dude, gimme a break, it's a friggin' bell, not your Myspace profile. And I was joking. Not like I'd expect you to remove the stick outta your ass long enough to notice."
"But--" And then Cas runs his fingers up Dean's dick, like that, Dean being almost fully hard, is his point.
Dean's working to make sense of Cas's mood switch when a hand slides silkily across his shoulder. Then the woman from down the bar slips into view, and into the space between Dean and Cas, her other hand sliding over Cas's shoulder, pulling both him and Dean in.
The knock on his door some eight minutes later comes two minutes earlier than Dean expected.
Cas holds Dean's gaze for a long couple of beats, hard as that even is for Dean, he of the longstanding '
Dean stops and waits for more. And waits.
It's true. He's a great wingman. The best, actually.
"And you swear, on your limited edition Princess Leia lithograph, you're not even the slightest bit interested in this guy? No bi-curiosity rearing its early-adulthood head?"
They stayed like that for several minutes, mapping each other out right there with the fridge's door handle biting into Dean's back and every dirty roll of Cas's hips making things wobble nosily on the shelves inside.
There's another fifteen-second long staring contest.
"Please tell me you hit that," she demands before he's so much as clocked back in or finished tying on his apron. There's an eagerness in her eyes that's genuinely alarming.
"Dean. Hello."
"Dean," Cas breathes, pushing at Dean's waistband. He's brought his knees up so that Dean can sink into the space between, and it makes it so every grind of their hips feels damn electric.
"She ever do that thing—”
He must be thinking that extra loud, because Cas pulls back. As far as he can, anyway, with Dean's hands still digging into his ass. "You didn't realize?"
Dean nudged the plate closer to Cas. "Hair of the dog. Come on."
"Yeah? You might want to float that one by the Purgatory crowd. They're gonna be pretty pissed, they find out they spent all that time trying to kill some other Dean Winchester."
Dean remembers spending practically the whole summer out here, hiding from the adults, and Sam. Hell if he can recall how they even constructed the thing, outside of hammering nails and pieces of boards into a box-shape, but it's pretty obvious now the thing was done up by a couple of kids who had no clue what they were doing.
"C'mon. First time I met you. What'd you do?"
"You brought Dean pie," he says. Dean could almost hug him, that's how pleased he feels. Instead he settles for smiling widely, accepting this as the validation that it is.
Ten minutes after Dean fell a little bit in love with her, all on the merit of her clearly awesome taste, she's leading him around the store that, now that he's in here as an actual employee, he's feeling super overwhelmed by.
He's used to dicks. Social workers who thought they knew better, kids who'd make fun of his clothes—hell, his dad. But he can't remember the last time he so effortlessly got on someone's bad side, and for doing, what? Small talk? Jesus.
Dean can't help but stare across the table at Sam, who has a book on the town's history open in front of him. Sam must feel it because he asks, "What?" without looking up.
"Yes. Completely. Why, what's going--"
"Right, come on then."
Sharing the same bed. Wearing Dean's clothes. Wrapped in the same blankets.
"All I did was ask--"
We’re not leaving without—”
Sam. But it's been like
, Cas?"
Cas looks up with heat in his eyes. "You had Sam to tend to--"
"Hey, you never told me how it went with gay Harrison Ford."
"I don't know, but it's worth a shot. I'll keep looking. You and Cas okay?"
"What?" he gets out once he's able. He's not proud of the fact that his eyes are watering, but he's pretty sure his brother just told him Cas is gay, so.
Dean and Cas stare at each other in wide-eyed fear. How the hell does Bobby know, holy freaking shit.
At some point, Cas and Sam are standing around the edge of the kitchen talking school while the radio plays classic rock at a low hum; Sam's current professor woes, Cas's empathy and wise words of advice. Dean listens with something like genuine peace settling into his body, like he could be happy doing this every damn night.
"You don't believe me?"
It's a pretty crappy deflection and Cas sees right through it. "Did something happen today?"
"Dean?"
Dean's blown him enough times that Cas' stamina is up there near Dean's own, but you wouldn't know that now by the way Cas is keeping his thrusts tense and tight like if he goes any harder, this'll all be over too soon. His jaw is clenched and his eyes have gone glossy, too, and maybe the problem here is Dean. Maybe Cas requires more from a partner than a stiff, nonparticipating body to jam his junk into. Go figure.
Okay. He gets that. Still.
Cas sounded genuine enough that Dean couldn't help it. He blurted, "Got promoted today, too."
"Dean." His eyes are shining with his fever and it makes him look manic. "I deserve this."
"It's Mysp—Dean," Sam says on yet another sigh. "Join the 21st century."
“She—“ Dean's mouth goes dry.
of a chance it's really him..." Dean swallows his emotions back down. "And you? You're gonna stay here, call Eileen."
When Cas only leaned back to get away from the greasy smell of food, Dean dragged a chair around and sank right onto it. He scooped up a forkful of eggs and held it towards Cas.
sign hastily hitched up in the house beside that.
from?"
Cas looks at him again. He tilts his head. "Why?"
That's what passes for Sam as strong innuendo. The accusation there is that Dean's been having some sorta monster masturbation sesh.
Only, Naomi's face goes soft. Dean's braced for an argument, hell, him and Cas both are, they're literally standing together like they're expecting to be physically pried apart, but that's not what happens. Understanding dawns on Naomi. This, she seems to concede, is a battle already lost.
Dean grimaces. "Damn. Mom and Dad hate you or something?"
Cas decides he doesn't like either that description of Dean or the way they're being objectified. The hand he has resting atop the back of Dean's chair moves instead to cuff possessively around the back of Dean's neck. New as the touch is, it nearly sends Dean bolting before he remembers, right. Gay lovers.
The house's back door swings open. Dean nearly trips over himself trying to scramble out of view, but something stops him cold.
"If you say so," Bobby drawls.
Eyeing Dean like he's a moron, Sam keeps dumping the beers from their cardboard carrier into the cooler two at a time. "Are you changing?"
Dean knows without looking their way they're exchanging mutual ha-ha-Dean's-a-schmuck glances.
"We'd need to be much more intimate than this." Then he hooks his chin onto Dean's bicep, staring at him. He's giving off so much heat, it's like laying next to a furnace. "We could, if you'd like."
He says, "Shit," jumping to his feet. "Your hand. Cas, why didn't you say anything?"
Something kicks Dean's brain.
"Sit."
"Nooo," Benny gasped.
Sam hung back at the motel, choosing solitude over the nightlife. That’s fine. He’d probably be riding some moral high horse right now anyway.
"Dean," Cas admonishes.
"Okay," Sam says, when what he means is GET THE FUCK OUT.
So when they're lying on Dean's bed one Tuesday afternoon, doing something Dean would only ever admit to as 'cuddling' under strict torture, and Cas says, "Come with me," all his familiar fight-or-flight instincts kick in. It's only because Cas sounds like he's scared shitless to have said it at all that Dean doesn't outright laugh at him, but even that's hard to stifle. When Cas doesn't drop the nervous look or admit he was joking, Dean pulls away.
," when Cas comes back, scooting in beside Dean. He throws him a look, too, one that lets him know there's nothing accidental about the song choice.
At the diner Dean's stopped at just to get out of the house, Cas ignores the entire open side of the booth and drops down next to Dean, close. Too close.
Dean shuts his bedroom door on whatever 'I care about you, let's share our feelings' talk Sam was hoping to sit down, hold hands, and dredge up.
"Deannnnnnnnnnnnnnnn--"
Bobby's sitting at the table with a plate of toast and the newspaper in front of him. He suffers through five minutes of Dean's attitude before kicking out the chair opposite him, his demand clear.
Charlie looks herself over in the rearview mirror, fluffing her hair, puckering her lips, smudging her eyeliner. Dean rolls his eyes.
She slides to the side so she can beam at the yoga place behind her. "Guilty. And, you know, managing the yoga thing, too, as an actual manager, so take that, mom and dad! Sorry," she tacks on quick with an embarrassed grimace. "Overshare. My parents still have their fingers crossed I'll grow into a real career. Family disappointment, thy name is me."
"So, yeah," Dean says. "I kept that."
Cas agrees, with meaning, "Or something." Before Dean can unpack that, Cas tells him, "It's good to see you, even if the circumstances are less than desirable."
Dean ignores the look and smiles real big at Amelia, who is dropping full sacks of groceries onto the table. "Hiya, Amelia," he says, doing so only to rattle Sam. And if he hears the word
"Okay. I'll see you in ten minutes."
According to the police reports, the three couples were each last seen at three separate bars, which puts Sam, Dean, and Cas at a disadvantage. It means they're dealing with a djinn that knows enough to not target the same place twice, though, luckily, it's staying in a eight-block radius. So far, anyway.
Castiel came first, and with him, dinner invitations at John and Mary's so Naomi could get a break off her feet. Dean came along six months later, which meant backyard cookouts and actual playdates.
Cas' grip goes slack and he tries to let go. Dean squeezes tighter, then Cas says, "You."
In most matters, Dean trusts Bobby with his life. Hell, he trusts Bobby with
"Of course," Sam tells her. He's got his
“Come to think of it, you mind adding a slice of pie to the order? For pre-fuel.” Dean lays on the charm, to make up for Cas.
He slid down next to Cas, sitting on the floor with the sink cabinet behind him. They were facing opposite directions, which made it easy for him to clasp Cas's neck with the intent of offering comfort.
Cas frowned and veered into the kitchen. Because of the open layout of their apartment, Dean could see him raiding the fridge from his spot on the couch. He came out of the thing with a beer, which was rare. When Cas drank, as seldom as that happened too, he usually went for the hard stuff. Outside of his habit of sneaking sips off of Dean's beer, anyway.
' passes as a priority, so he was a little harried and a lot annoyed, trying to unlock everything.
Lisa nodded at Cas, smiling friendly. "I'm Lisa. And that is one nice coat."
Cas greets him right back, taking a swig of his beer. It's late enough in the evening that the weather's cooled down, but not so late that the bugs have come out.
Dean quits scoping the place out and meets Cas's eyes. There's almost an inside joke there, even though, literally, that's exactly what Dean told him. Still, it lightens the mood.
"I'm serious," he tells Sam. This time he fakes the smile perfectly. "I'm fine. Now shut up and tell me about that Katherine Heigl chick."
Whatever, so Dean's at the foot of the couch, sitting on the floor in the library. So he's wound up and tense, something wild thrumming through his blood. So maybe Purgatory made it this way, where he got too used to needing as little sleep as possible because you never knew what monster was at your back or just around the corner.
"You've got that hang-dog look, like you did something wrong she's making you grovel for. You done for the night?"
"Yes!"
"Cas," Dean says in surprise, startled. His eyes blow open wide. "Bobby--"
"Please go talk to him."
Dean does, exaggeratedly so. "Touchy."
“Seriously. She was testin' things out the first time, makin' sure you weren’t a serial killer—you got them vibes sometimes—"
Dean glances over at Cas. "Dick," he bites out accusingly, and it's heated from how badly he means it. Then, "You talk to him at all?" Because if he knows Cas as well as he's sure he does, there's no way that call went missed.
"Yeah, like go away," he told her. "Don't you have some kid to go steal candy from?"
Like a kid with a loose tooth, Dean pokes at it. “Yeah, well, I still say you should give it another go. With your boss.”
That's their cue to bolt up the stairs, which they do. The whole way up Dean tries not to pay attention to the pictures on the wall, considering he's in some of them.
Ellen's got this beat up TV perched in the corner of the bar they've both been staring at. It's a good distraction, for a little while.
nerve wracking for me, to approach you. But for you, it was so far out of your realm of reality that a man like me might find you attractive, you couldn't even tell my intent. Even now, you--"
Dean opens the porch door, looking for Sam, and finds him right where he expects him. He's sitting on the steps, hunched over on the phone.
Dean is yawning, clearing away the mess from dinner. Cas gets the hint. He stands up, pulling Dean's attention his way.
Sam, with his sixth sense for Dean's moments of weakness, comes over and claps his ginormous mitt on Dean's shoulder as a gesture of -- who even knows, brotherly camaraderie, or whatever was happening in the tampon commercial Sam's clearly scamming from.
There's a pause. It doesn't last long. "Infomercials?" Dean's tone is incredulous, maybe even a little judgmental, but when Cas turns to look at him, he doesn't seem anything other than amused.
An hour later, the TV was still on but Dean was alone. Sam had taken off with the excuse of -- something about homework, or exams, or some other geekiness Dean had teased him about while being privately proud.
"This was pretty damn messed up," he tells him as evenly as he can. There's almost zero inflection.
Cas tore his gaze away to shake his head, like Dean was a special kind of dumb so now he'd have to go about explaining this the slow way. "Those Leviathan are after
And Dean will go, but that's okay.
Cas closes the door behind him but stays where he is. "Stop... what?"
big of one.
Dean bursts through the front door, shotgun already locked and loaded. Cas is right behind him manning the flashlight when Dean's cell chirps. He gestures in a one-armed shrug for Cas to reach inside his jacket pocket and pull the thing out, which Cas does.
"That Lisa?" Benny asks suddenly in front of him, reminding Dean, oh yeah, he's not alone.
After five minutes and a whole lot of enthusiastic audience applause, Dean sighed and yelled, "Cas!"
When they broke apart it was to stare at one another, a mutual moment of awe and a silent what-the-fuck and is-this-real.
Sam lets himself in. He closes the door softly behind him and stares.
, there is a lizard perched on his shoulder. That is not normal.
"Perhaps we should..."
"Yeah, so, I'm not leaving him there. To rot with that damn thing messing with him for eternity? No."
Reluctantly, Cas tells him, “After you left, Nora asked if I would be leaving too. I told her I hadn’t planned on it, and then she asked how long you and I… the implication was that we were previously romantically involved.”
"Who's Fabio?" Dean asks, still watching Cas interact with the guy like it's some weird nature program he's stumbled onto accidentally.
"Hello, Dean."
feels wrong exactly, only that it does. "Who are you?" he demands once more, only because it feels like solid ground.
"It wasn't an interrogation. Sam knew the chick. She knew you too." When Cas hits him with some confusion, Dean clears up that vague. "Christine. Pretty, mid-twenties. Boyfriend got iced by what's turning out to be some seriously random ghost."
Bobby's eyes flick from Cas, to Dean, down to Dean's towel, and back up again, a whole lot of accusation picked up along the way. "Right," he drawls. "The flu. Why do I ever bother? Dinner's in ten. Cas is free to join us. Should his flu miraculously clear up, of course."
He doesn't ask how they wound up in the toilet bowl that is Texas. Amelia's slight twang gives him a clear enough idea.
"Obviously I declined," Cas said, like, oh, hey, what a thing to be completely reasonable about.
Still looming over him, Cas does the Cas equivalent of an eye-roll, which is to furrow his brow and stare extra hard. "Don't be stupid."
"'Lo," Dean slurs into it, rolling over onto his back. Oh, that is some nasty morning breath.
2) Get job at lame ass craft store in town.
“I hope you can feel how inclusive our little community is. The schools here especially, for children who come from all types of… progressive backgrounds. Do you have any kids?”
"You done?" Dean cuts in warningly.
"Is downstairs."
"I had the same conclusion."
Two days later and Sam's looking to cash in.
Dean flops back onto his mattress and drags a hand over his eyes until the world blacks out. He can feel the nausea creep up his throat, drying out his mouth, stomach acid clinging on sourly.
"Dean." Cas waits until he's looking at him. "Getting to know you has been worth any rejection. Though I will say, if this has been you flirting, we're probably doomed."
"Yeah, yeah."
"Pffft," Dean shoots back.
Wind whips around Dean, fast and so loud he can barely hear himself think over it. Right in front of them the portal is a big, bright, glowing tear in the universe.
They kiss a little right there, slow and unhurried and there aren't any fireworks, but it's good.
"Hey, I think I got something."
They both glance down at her name tag, which he already caught sight of when he was doing his initial, and usual, once-over. It's pinned in place on a maroon-colored apron, housed next to a crapload of geeky fandom buttons. There's at least three Harry Potter ones and a couple of Star Trek too.
"Haven't seen you guys together in a while."
They crowd around the small kitchen table and dig in.
"Nah. I mean, they gotta appreciate you're doing what you like, right? Mom's and dad's eat that up. It's like, parental sustenance."
Not one to back down from a bad idea, Dean listens to the voice in his head that tells him to send a selfie back. So he does. In bed, with his own hair sticking up in places, Dean gives the camera both a scowl and the bird, flipping Cas off.
The toilet flushes, cutting off Dean's babbling and stealing Bobby's attention.
The console between them is overflowing with old receipts; Dean catches the print on the most recent one: a 5-lb bag of food from the pet store. It makes him smile, thinking of Tolk. Ten to one, Cas would carry that thing around in one of them baby bjorns if it was socially acceptable, no friggin' doubt about it. Hanging from the rear view mirror, there's a cupcake-shaped air freshener, which explains the vaguely stale smell of vanilla. Without having to ask, he knows it's a gag gift from Gabriel, and that too makes him smile because apparently every dorky thing about Cas is going to checkmark the little ticky boxes inside of him that determine who he likes.
"So," he says, just to say something. "You some kinda Suzie Homemaker now?" All that's missing is the apron. Which is not a visual Dean needed in his head, thank you.
"It's like you don't even listen, man. I mean, do you not think I'm on your side?"
Then Dean smirks and the filthy parts of Cas' brain switch on.
"Dean," he blurts. "I'm Dean. His brother. Hey."
Everyone he knows is at work, and it's only because he's been breaking his neck for the past month to make sure all the bills get taken care of that Bobby gave him some time off. Still, he might just go in, give the old guy hell for a few hours.
"And?" Charlie demands when Dean just leaves that hanging there.
"Sure. 'Cause that's a thing you say when you're not lying through your teeth. Who're you texting, then?"
Several hours later, Dean's phone chimes from a new text message.
"What's your deal with me?" Dean demands.
There, he holds eye contact and demands, in it, that Cas accepts that this is who he is, take it or leave it. And Cas stares back with his own look that challenges Dean to stop being an asshole as his easiest emotional default.
"Which means, you don't wanna talk about it."
"Castiel," Naomi reprimands, like Cas is the one who initiated it. And then like he's the one who should be breaking it when it goes on for too long. But Dean fists his hands in Cas' trenchcoat -- he's never been happier to see the dumb thing -- and refuses to let go.
Dean barely cares though because, overcompensating sparklers or not, Sam's cheering and shouting and having a blast and it makes Dean feel like a goddamn king.
Yeah. Good point. There's no big deal.
“So, uh, me and Cas—” Dean seeks out Cas immediately, who offers up a reassuring gaze and comes to his side. “We got some news.”
Or. Dean swipes at his phone, his most recent texts right there on the screen.
"Good, we're not."
She was being way too casual. And Dean knew that tone. All loaded and leading.
"Dean," Sam says. Another hiss, but this one is split between being a plea and a warning.
"Adorable," Lisa corrects.
"Jesus, Sam. Yes. It's Jo. And Benny, and Lisa. Why do you care?"
Dean's arm strains from holding the cup out, but, eventually, it's taken. Who knows why, but what he feels most, in that moment, is relief. Probably because one million bucks says Sam's watching through the window like a friggin' creep, and this way Dean gets to saunter back with an 'I told you so.'
Dean wrapped his hands around Cas elbows, curled his feet over Cas' ankles, and flipped them.
"Code for, Dean's got the hots for him."
Because, right. It's not like Castiel could do his angel-thing and sense the really-real Dean within or anything.
And then divine intervention happens in the form of vomit.
(See the end of the chapter for
There's a beat. Distantly Dean realizes this isn't going the way he kinda hoped it would go, but also, who does this guy think he is? Dean's willing to own up to being an asshole that day, no arguments there, but if he was a dick, no way he was alone in that.
"Cas, go," Dean says again, more raspy, his hands tightening in the sheets because goddammit he's determined to do this thing.
"Dean," Cas says again, a little louder.
The food's pretty damn good and Dean finds himself enjoying the quiet presence of Cas at his side, even if he steals fries off Dean's plate without asking.
"Of course, because running away is the most cowardly thing to do, and you're always eager to reject being brave."
"Shut your face!"
They grab some towels and head downstairs, clad only in their boxers. Four o'clock on a Tuesday afternoon, though, in a town the size of Sam's arm span. There's no one around except the housekeeper.
Cas stops at Dean's side, right against the counter where Dean's reaching for a glass from the drying rack. Very fast, Dean's brain narrows its thoughts to one thing only, and that's Cas's mouth. And what it's about to say. Because, yeah, okay, they've gotten a lot closer lately, and yeah, he likes it sometimes when Cas is flirting with him--
—but he says, sounding only a little stilted, “No, Dean and I haven’t yet… procreated.”
"Follow my lead," he instructs, and it's with a heavy reluctance and an even heavier sense of foreboding, him and Cas both parked curbside in the middle of the 'burbs. All of the houses look identical, save the odd quirk of a lawn gnome in one yard, a fleet of pink plastic flamingos in another, a
To Jo, he sends:
He sways so he's bumping elbows with Cas, on purpose. "What do you say we assist ourselves a little bit longer?"
Dean wanted to snort again, because that was a crock of bullshit. Cas didn't
"So lucky. You've got yourself one of the good ones," she tells him with some scary intense-type emotions. "Castiel is so good," she says, holding back a sob. "Love is good."
Dean feels Cas wince. Naomi lasers in on it.
Cas huffs, almost laughing. "Nothing."
The friendship started out slow on the women's side of things, with their different plans to raise their children tempering what was otherwise a polite relationship, but the men were the glue that held the two families together.
"Right. Me too."
Cas stares at him curiously. Then he says, "Sam should be resting by now."
"Never mind," Dean says, before Cas can say anything. And it's likely Cas would've clutched the bird prudishly to him and insisted Dean leave, the way he's starting to look. "How about you show me where Emeril Lagasse here goes."
"Please? I need this! I need to booze freely and flirt with girls. You're my wingman. I need my wingman."
Dean snorts, but he gets to his feet. "What maid?"
"Now you drink," he insisted, sitting back up for the beer. "We need to talk and that only happens with the help of this." He tilted the bottle towards Dean's mouth, like he might actually feed it to him himself.
"Yeah, but what
Sam's eyes are almost pitying -- that, or they're trying to mollycoddle him by sheer power of gaze alone -- and it's enough to make Dean feel hot all over, like his skin's too tight all of a sudden. "I don't know, Dean," he says, the same way most everyone else just comes right out and says
Dean glances at Cas, who's only giving back this look of contentment like he's happy to follow along with wherever the night takes them, before dragging his attention back over to Sam. He aims for normal. "You eat yet? Come eat with us."
Benny makes a soft, disagreeing noise. “The way I remember it, he was doin' just fine by his lonesome before we showed up.”
"Oh," Castiel says, frowning.
To Tolk, Dean gives her a 'your dad needs a minute' face.
"No," Cas agrees. "Besides, then you'll meet Amelia--"
"Hm." He actually hadn't thought of that last one.
With a snort of judgement, Dean says, "You guys played
The memory's already blurring in his head. Soon it'll be rewritten entirely.
"Were you unaware?" Cas asks him instead of listening.
Finally, fuck it. That's the thought that bursts through his head. Fuck it. He thinks it as he kills the engine, as he climbs out of his car. Again as he treads as quietly as possible up the familiar paved driveway that leads to Cas'.
"I can help," Cas offers. "If you'd like."
Cas stays unmoving for a solid ten seconds, before his feet remember how to work again. "Has that always been there?"
By the time Dean's making himself dinner, Sam's nearly fully recovered. Probably that Winchester constitution, or else the steel stomach that made him the easiest kid with a stomach flu to look after has extended itself into adulthood and all the poor choices that come with it.
"Screw you, okay, and screw you, too," he tells Charlie. "Pie is delicious. You're both wrong."
Cas has an arm wrapped around him, holy mother of christ.
"She's coming over to bake some cookies," Sam says. "Okay? Don't be gross."
Dean falls onto the edge of the bed, the lone one in the room, and grabs a couple of packets from the nightstand. "Got a preference?" he asks while flipping through them.
"For the record," Dean says, "I don't have a diary. But if I knew you were looking... If I'd've known, I would've wrote something, Cas. You know that."
"We're doing that again," Cas announced, and Dean dragged his gaze back up to Cas's. "Very soon."
"You like?" Dean asks absentmindedly.
"About being one of the men in black," Dean agrees. "Pulling out badges, showing up in a suit. Being a professional bad ass."
but it hurts my hands to hold the rope.
"Sure, no," Dean is quick to agree. "Yapping dogs. Frisky cats. Lots of peace there."
They're out driving and Cas has the radio switched over to some godawful Top 40's rap song.
Something about that word rolled around not-quite-right in Dean's head. It wasn't obligation that tied him to Cas. It never had been, not on his side anyway.
strung Sam along, who's, like, fourteen, so no. So much friggin' no.
White hot shame shot through him.
"Right. Sorry."
"Blegh," she argues.
Cas lifts a finger and starts picking at the beer label. “No.”
He couldn't help it. He leaned forward, put his mouth right against Cas's ear. "You are one kinky bastard, Cas, you know that?" he teased. "Like it hard?"
"Trust me, unless you're gonna tell me this guy was the spitting image of Tyrion Lannister complete with a hunky facial scar, I am all percent lesbian."
Bobby held eye contact long enough that Dean knew he saw right through him. Good for him. Then he let out a gusty breath and waved Dean away, with the warning of, "Next time you go all space cadet in my garage, Benny'll be the one with the cute new job title. You got that?"
Dean drives Baby without a care in the world; in his gut, he knows with absolute certainty Sam is okay. Kinda feels like he got upgraded with some freaky, sixth sense mood ring dialed directly into him. He can't read his thoughts or, you know, slip onto the nearest cloud to peek in on his little brother, but every cell, every molecule in him, real or not, FEELS his presence as a calm, quiet stillness.
"Cas," he laughs out, reckless with relief.
There's an acceptance in the way Sam's staring at him right now that Dean can't get over; for as much as their life has always,
"Okay. Okay, yeah. Something like... 'sorry, buddy, but my girlfriend keeps me on a pretty tight leash el-oh-el.'?"
"Nora," he lists. "Bill." Who delivers a bundle of newspapers every day. "Tanya."
Sam's, "Hey, Cas," back is tired-sounding because he already knows he's been reduced to spectator.
Dean wraps his arm around Cas' shoulders and tugs. Not expecting it, Cas pretty much topples sideways into Dean, but Dean plants a grin on his face and keeps it there, tightening his grip.
"How did your 'interrogation' go?" Cas asks him back home. Dean ignores the finger quotes.
"Cas, hey. Stop."
Cas continues sucking. "No." Then he's lapping Dean's pulsepoint with his tongue and Dean forgets everything but that, though the erection trapped in his pants seems to assume the 'oral' part of Cas' actions means it's getting paid attention to next.
He gets back one of Sam's thin-lipped frowns that translates roughly into: fuck you.
Yeah, right. Dean snorts his belief of that.
Luckily no one is around to bitch him out, and he almost gets away with it, but then. Throat clearing.
Cas shrugs off the offer, browsing their DVDs. With his back to Dean, he asks, "Is Sam home?"
"It's after one. In the morning," Cas clarified, shutting their shared apartment door behind him.
"We have ice buckets," Cas calls out.
"So you
"I trust you."
"We're not having this conversation."
Cas rolls his hips forward until they land against Dean's, and then he rolls them again, making Dean pull back and gasp. Cas stays there breathing the air Dean's roughly exhaling out, then he tugs Dean by the hair and brings their mouths together again.
With the kind of clarity that came on like a cold shower, it made him recall jerking off in the shower, guided by the singular fucked up thought of Cas blowing him.
"He wields a light saber!"
"Son of a..." Dean mutters under his breath, and he's about to get a little less nice when she seems to catch on that this is important and starts providing info.
But Dean was a man used to heavy emotional repression, and Cas was a guy used to getting dragged under Dean's emotional undertow, so the awkwardness was ignored and life, well. Life carried on.
"Oh, c'mon, it's your first time being a dumbass. Haircut aside. I had to document it somehow."
The accusation is blunt enough, it takes Dean down a peg. Well, a couple pegs. Okay, he's got no pegs left. It leaves him blustering.
Dean says, "It's adorable," and then has the strong impulse to light himself on fire.
"I prefer the word 'misinformed.' Less dumb. Less ass."
Dean snorts and, swear to god, flushes at the same time, the tips of his ears going Rudolph red. Cas drops that sort of thing so casually, like it isn't awkward for him at all, which reinforces the balls-of-steel thing, but it also confuses all the little men inside Dean's brain that have marched on a straight, forward path his entire life. They scatter for a few seconds before regrouping and falling back in line.
"Right," he settles with, rough-sounding. He covers by shooting Cas a mile-wide grin. "That's good, ain't it, honey?"
Dean swivels Cas's way, angling in. “You gettin' any closer to finding him?”
"Every word, I'm afraid," Cas tells him, keeping it light for his sake.
kinda look like Cas' ex."
"About?"
"Okay," she tells Cas, tells them both. She breathes out, not quite calm, not exactly convinced it's the right choice either, but. Close enough. "Alright, Castiel."
"Damn," Dean breathes out his appreciation.
Dean looks too, turning to see Cas huddled over the toilet like he's just been sick. His hair is mussed, his cheeks are red, and he's still got that sex-high glaze to his eyes that could, Dean's realizing all of a sudden, be mistaken for a fever. All Dean sees is a Cas that looks like he was well on his way to a thoroughly given orgasm, but it fools Bobby. At least, he thinks it does.
When Dean's right next to him, the water lapping at both of their chests, Cas starts to grow suspicious. "What are you doing?"
"What, you want me to yell some?" Now that he's in here, he's eyeballing Cas' room. He's less casual about it than he was before too. Cas is watching him closely when Dean continues, "Always knew you were a freaky bastard," and flops onto his bed.
Dean had given his own responsibilities the one-fingered salute and went with him. Hell, he drove the son-of-a-bitch and paid for half the expenses, but after so many stops at diners and motels and leads that went nowhere, Cas gave up and they returned to Sioux Falls three days after missing Gabe's funeral. And that was the straw that broke Cas. Literally, it broke him, and though Dean sat with him that first day at the hospital, sick with worry and scared out of his mind, he couldn't make himself show up any other time after, too scared of what it meant.
"And where the hell's he at now?" he adds because there's no sign of Sam anywhere.
Sam makes a noise of protest and hauls his body weight around him, so that he's stopped Dean dead in his tracks. "Dean, listen to me," he tries, verging on alarm, but before either of them can make another move, that same back door Sam came out of earlier creaks open. Both of their attentions swing around at the sound of a third party, a voice so familiar, Dean could weep.
Meg. He had an evil bitch watching over him that was planning to use him as Crowley bait the first shot she got. Somehow, though, he managed to hold that in.
"Everything. Heaven," Dean realizes. But still. Why would Cas...
"I'm fine! Why does everyone keep asking me that? Jesus."
Dean spins back around, hands held out at his sides. "So, what, you screwed up, I screwed up; here's a free pass?" It's sarcastic on purpose, and he drops it to say, "It doesn't work that way."
"Probably don't want to let that dry," he tells Cas. Nothing worse than dried out bodily fluids, that's for damn sure.
The teachers called it a coping mechanism, encouraging his catharsis through any means necessary, insanely morbid or not, but Dean learned early on he liked the attention. More than that, he liked recreating reality. In the stories, his mom didn't have to die and four-year-old him sure as hell never carried six-month-old Sammy over to Cas'. Naomi didn't hug him and hold him while the lights of fire trucks shone through the front windows, they didn't have to move two days later, and forget about a funeral. Never happened.
Sam enters the kitchen with two levels of surprise--the first comes at just knowing Dean's telling the truth and actually has a friend over, the second from who that friend is.
A warning flare goes off in Dean's head, then clatters down into his chest where it drops to a dead, useless halt. Self-preservation is cupping its hands and yelling at Dean to abort. End the conversation with a noncommittal grunt, roll over, and get his four hours of sleep.
That wasn't something Dean wanted to talk about, thank you very much. He moved around Cas in a pretty blatant attempt to drop the conversation. Cas, though, grabbed Dean around the arm and forced his company.
"You gonna buy that or just read the whole thing here?" a burly man at the counter drawls, gesturing at the newspaper.
"Actually," Cas's voice drifts close, "I think I know what I want."
Moments later, Sam slips out of sight, though there's a crashing sound a couple of seconds after that, which means Frankenmoose is knocking over furniture.
"Cas," Dean interrupts to get Cas making sense again.
Christine gives their knees one last squeeze before pulling away. She grabs a nearby Kleenex and dabs at her eyes and runny nose, balling the thing up in her hand. "We were. At least, I thought so."
"I mean, depends. Did you actually text or were you a dickhead about it?"
Cas is waiting patiently for whatever's happening next. Dean doesn't know himself, but he realizes he never even properly met the guy.
Pleased, JoAnne heads toward the master bathroom.
you? Text, man. Text only."
Begrudgingly, Dean does. And, of course, Sam is right. Cas is just at the edge of where they can see him; his shoulders are both tense and droopy somehow and he keeps looking up at the sky like he's fighting something back.
"Okay," Sam says, "besides being creepy?"
Bobby says, "When ain't it," with a crapload of sarcasm.
While Sam heads out of the room, Dean's mind whirs like hell to try and catch up with that parting shot. When he looks up at Cas, instead of staring back, Cas is ducking his head like Sam is a goddamn comedian and he finds the whole thing funny too and --
She's greeted by three different voices. Cas's sticks out the most, since his is the deepest, and it's like some messed up Siren song right now, but Dean doesn't react outside of turning to the fridge to find something to mix with the vodka Charlie brought.
Cas, afterward, loosens up. He learns how to float and spends the rest of their time in the pool on his back, arms fanned out, watching the clouds.
Jess arrives first. Dean pretends to be distracted with the calorie count on the back of a bag of pita chips, but, please, he totally snoops as his brother reels her in for a hug and a peck on the cheek, which he goes for at the last minute after Jess has already started to pull away, making it one hot, uncoordinated mess. It's so awkward. Good god. His brother, ladies and gentlemen.
It's so brief Dean could've just blinked and blacked out a second, but the flush of Cas's own cheeks when he pulls back and the very real shock and then glee on Sam's face let's him know, nah. That really happened.
With that first bite, Dean smirked and ate the eggs himself.
"'Massage the snake,'" Sam repeated in a deep, gravelly voice, then, "that's your advice?"
With some actual, honest-to-god urgency, Dean fires off a response.
"Hey, cool it," Dean warns Bobby, who, depending on the day, is either the nicest or meanest son-of-a-bitch you'll ever meet. "Don't make me call Ellen."
He cuts her off before her excitement drives her voice any higher. "Oh, he is."
That feeling like you need to bathe in alcohol to cleanse away the bad? Yeah. Dean's going through it. Pass the Purell.
He towels off and dresses fast, as he is used to. It hurts to use both hands, so he fumbles with the buttons. Of which there are many.
Cas calls him later that evening.
"Nothing, just." He eyes the kitchen, where Sam's little shindig is in full swing.
hands again, letting Dean follow, though Dean does so with his eyes on Sam the whole time, alert for anything.
"Sam mentioned he invited your girlfriend."
"Dean!" Dean looks behind him to see Sam's face is flaming in embarrassment. "Gross!"
Dean took Cas's drunk freakout as a cosmic do-over.
"Holy... jesus christ," Dean marvels.
Dean scoots down, forcing Cas to grasp at his shoulders when he leans forward and all of a sudden sucks the tip of Cas' dick into his mouth. It makes Cas buck forward, his dick slipping out and bumping Dean's cheek instead. It smears wetly against his jaw, and Cas groans at that, his fingers grappling to hold on.
Cas thrusts out his hand so they're holding on to each other around the wrist, and as Dean is finally,
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean's continued lack of faith in him, but he heads off down a hall. Or, starts to, anyway.
It's so routine that, on that twelfth day, Dean's already got a hot chocolate toasty warm and ready to go. Just, you know, to avoid being around one another any longer than they need to.
Cas laughs. It's quiet, but it's an actual, honest-to-god laugh. It's so extraordinary in its newness, Dean doesn't think to
Before he can make his way out, Cas's door opens on its own. At least, that is his thinking until Dean appears with a halo of florescent yellow light behind him, smiling wide. Which seems to lead to a joke, because he cracks, "This makes you the girl, you know."
Dean grips the handle of the knife and brings it out to show he has it. Sam's eyes grow wide, his stance becoming more leery.
Afterward, some of the honest-to-god fun drains out of the room, but Cas says, "This is pleasant." Which is maybe the word Dean would use to describe a tampon commercial, not the doings of two men, but Cas is smiling at him so earnestly, and when does that ever happen?
The closest they ever get to being busted, they aren't even doing anything.
"Denial, mostly," he grounds out, light. "Booze helps." Bobby and Sam, too. And, of course, there's -- "You," he admits, eyes locked on Cas', voice loose again but for a whole different reason.
"Son of a bitch," Dean complains. There's no way he's winning this game.
"I'm fine," he hears, though it's groggy. He also hears Sam, faraway and tinny, still on the line.
Dean shakes his head at the guy--
"I can't stop by and say hi?" he sasses. It might've been a more resounding argument if Dean hadn't immediately ended it by jerking out of the way when the bird Cas is after takes off in his direction. It zips right past him, this blur of blue and yellow feathers, and lands two shelves over with a smugly given chirp. Cas sighs at Dean like Dean himself is personally responsible for it.
Dean slips off his own stool. He swallows one last, long pull of beer before setting it down and offering up a fake smile. “You know what, you? Have a nice night.”
This is not going to be one of them. Cas makes damn sure of that, flying forward, kissing the fuck out of Dean.
Dean forced his body to settle the fuck down. "Shut up, Cas," he said in favor of, you know, actual, mature conversation. It was still after three and they both still had an early morning.
The lady's name tag says Judith. She looks at Dean, lifting a wry eyebrow. "He want that hot or cold?"
“I think her intentions were perfectly clear. And anyway, Nora’s my boss.”
Eventually night turns into the early morning, only a few drunken stragglers still hanging around, and Dean decides to call it quits.
"Yeah," he eventually gets out on a laugh, though it's shaky. Cas notices and quirks his head at Dean once more, a new kind of study. For a brief moment, Dean's actually glad that Castiel doesn't have any angel mojo in him anymore and can't read his thoughts. "So." He's eager for a change in conversation, and winds up clinging to the first thing that pops in his head. "They send you to collect me or something?"
Cas already has his distractions, though, and maybe that’s the problem here.
"A hall, Sam. Long, skinny thing with walls on the side. That narrow it done for you?"
"This is my point. Don't you think you're so hard on her 'cause she's, you know, into Cas? And that freaks you out?"
"This the 'everyone poops' talk?" Dean wanted to know. "'Cause I'm out."
Dean palmed his jaw roughly. He felt his face growing hot, partially because this whole damn thing was embarrassing, he felt like a friggin' teenybopper arguing over dreamiest douchebag, but also? He was pissed. He liked to think they were friends enough that instead of stewing, Cas would tell him straight up if there was a problem. Apparently not.
"Dammit, Cas," Dean pleads, putting both his hands more firmly over the injury. Cas' pulse is weak under his palms, barely even there. "Come on!" he shouts. Cas blinks and tries to follow the sound of Dean's voice. "Cas! Hey, buddy, I'm right here. You gotta look at me, you gotta stay with me--"
, say what? "The, ah, ball-and-chain, as you insist on calling her. Behind Sam's back, of course."
Who is fifteen years Dean's senior, hot as fuck, and who flirts shamelessly with both boys the couple times a year they see her over at Bobby's. She is solely responsible for Dean's belief that 'cougars' are a real thing and not just something TV invented.
Bobby seems to get it. There's no pushing, no further prying.
have to let go; and here he is again, wanting to cling even harder like the little bitch he really is.
Cas looks away. "We fixed Heaven."
After a minute or two of trailing along, letting Dean tumble around inside his own thoughts, Benny swipes his knife through some bramble and grunts, “How'd you two meet anyway? You never said. And the way I figure, there’s gotta be a story there.”
Dean feels a smile tugging at his lips. "Tomorrow night, right?"
"Dean," Cas sighs.
With a long, selfless sigh, Dean asks, "What do you need from me?" and hopes the answer is, '
"Dean," he says.
Dean struggles to sit up so he can... whatever's a more manly word for 'flee,' but Cas won't let him.
Yeah, like Dean was going to open up about the sudden flutter in his stomach Cas gave him. Shit, no.
Dean drops forward, his face lined up with Cas'. They're an inch apart like that, maybe two, and Cas' eyes flick from Dean's down to Dean's mouth. All the times he's caught Cas staring before, who the hell knew it could lead them to this. He curls a hand around the back of Cas' head, guiding him closer, and the sheet on the bed drags toward the middle from Cas' tightening grasp.
"Right," he says.
Cas makes himself smile. Comforting. "Okay."
What he wants to do, and what is right to do, don't seem to be the same thing anymore, and he battles with another choice.
Dean honestly, genuinely has no idea what's ruffling his brother's feathers. So his, "What?" isn't even feigned ignorance. That's the real deal.
Sam shuts the cupboard more forcefully than he would've had he nothing to be embarrassed about.
There’s a short pause. “And for you?”
Cas glares at the bed but he lets himself be manhandled back into it. Dean absolutely doesn't tuck him in, but he waits to make sure he's comfortable before stepping out.
Cas finally glances down at him. He has to look past his own shoulder, since Dean's burrowed so far down. "You don't make me uncomfortable, Dean."
Distantly there was a mechanical whirring of Benny trying to fix the engine Dean was supposed to be arm-deep in when Bobby demanded, "What the hell's the matter with you?"
Dean glares. Why'd he work his ass off to send Sam to college again? Because: regrets. Especially (well, only) when Sam uses his lawyer'y mojo to one-up Dean.
That was a hit that landed as solidly as it was intended to.
Sam chucks a gingerbread-shaped cookie-cutter at his face.
"That's not an answer, you know."
"No," Cas admits, almost sounding sheepish. "It's fine, actually. Still, I find that... much of the time, I'd rather be there."
Call him slow on the uptake, but he’s realizing something here. Sam isn’t surprised. Scarred, sure, but no light went off in his eyes, almost like—
Dean into another apology. Like hell.
Sam smirks, but only says, "You're welcome."
"Yeah, can we not?"
His laugh is much more loose this time. Same amount of crazy in it though. "Good. We're not. I mean,
Sam rolls his eyes -- only halfway, though, because he catches himself and realizes, in doing so, he's giving himself away. He gets more direct, his voice dropping.
Dean can't help but smile. "Damn, dude. That sucks."
"Hey, man. It's cool." Dean grins, to prove it, but the thing wobbles and gives him away.
Slowly he finishes recalling, “We got Cas home. You've been back together since.”
Dean goes straight for overly cheerful and everything's-fine-here. "Can't sleep either, huh?" Big grin, too.
He's alive, and whole, and... human, if the stutter of his suddenly anxious heart is anything to go by.
He trips over a rug.
"Hey," is the first thing he blurts. Smooth.
"Joke, Dean," Cas says, heading back to the stove top. So of course Dean just stares some more, because that's even
He hits play on the tape deck; Cas' mixtape rambles on.
The alarm is wailing loudly.
Fine.
"Because it doesn't mean what you think it means." Cas continues staring cluelessly at him. Dean blows out an annoyed breath. "You say that, people'll think you came onto me. For, you know. Sex."
"It doesn't bother me, Cas. Not in the way you think. Got it?"
Now that the energy has swung back around his way, he feels buoyant, carefree. And pretty dang vindictive.
"Hey, look at you though. Up and at 'em! Sorta," Dean hastily tacks on, because Cas is looking wobbly.
"There's a difference between belief and knowledge, Castiel. Do you believe he has plans or do you know he has plans?"
For a long time, Cas doesn't answer. He just stares back, looking lost. Broken.
"Aw. You flatterer, you."
That was a weird curveball. And Cas was, what, accusing him of being some kind of sleaze? Fantastic.
"The company more than the taste, yes."
Dean's rewarded with a huff that’s close to being a laugh.
"We want different things."
"Dean?"
"Yeah, you should see our house. Mine and Cas. Our love shack," he says, emphasizing it with a we're-just-so-sexually-liberated leer at Sam to make up for the fact that anyone thinks there's a him-and-Cas in the first place. "It ain't like this. Kinda --
His throat went dry.
Sales mode activated, the woman says, “My name's JoAnne,” and then leaps right into her real estate shtick. She starts telling them about vaulted ceilings and how long the property's been on the market, what the neighborhood is like.
"Whatever, I'm not the one thinking dick jokes in the googly-eyed section of a craft store. Yeah," she says real quick, "I saw the hamster wheel spinning. Maybe I should congratulate you on your heroic restraint, 'cause, dude. 1D? Total penile setup."
Another big rig drives by outside. This one shakes the room.
Dean grins at the older lady, raising a toast of cheap whiskey at her that he downs with a cringe.
"Uh, no," he says back with a mental dry heave. "I got to cut you again?"
"All over town, apparently. People keep dying."
"Yeah. Gross."
"You've got your secrets, I've got mine."
"Now leave the room," he commands next.
"You won't," Cas realizes, his head falling back against the faded wallpaper behind him. Floral print. They'd found it funny, once. Well, gay, actually. Hello irony.
"What?" Cas says out of nowhere, currently perched on Dean's bed. He's flipping through some book while Dean, as has become the norm, lies on the floor and fights off a mini-crisis.
Dean grins and teases one more time before giving up the game. Sam looks appropriately irritated that first sip.
, it says,
Whenever Cas stirs long enough to hold a conversation, Dean keeps him awake by talking the family business with him, or they watch boring ass food documentaries on Sam's computer that Cas seems worryingly into (Dean is slowly being brainwashed about GMOs and pesticides and it makes him hate life.) Dean heats Cas up some soup and tries to pretend the warmth wrapping around his sternum as Cas slurps his way through it has only to do with feeling useful.
Once seated, with a pile of breakfast food plated at the table between them, Dean has to shake his head and laugh to himself, marveling once more at how damn
More challenging than conversational, Dean says, "Yeah? And what type do I seem, then?"
"We can do this the hard way. Open up."
' before she closes the door behind her.
Cas gets squintier. Dean can't tell if Cas has caught on and is just fucking with him, or if he's genuinely this clueless. Either way, he swipes the remote from Dean -- their fingers graze, and it's the most contact they've had with each other in days, and maybe it makes Dean the chick in the relationship but he swears it sends his pulse skittering -- and puts the TV back on, which might as well be a bucket of cold rejection. Dean, however, is resilient.
"We're not."
Cas is hard already, Dean can feel him against his hip. Probably Cas can feel him, too, his hands tugging at Dean's waist so they're pressed as tight and close as possible. Cas' hips stutter forward that first time they line up just right, and it knocks Dean back into the door for another noisy thump.
"But you like her?"
"Not to cut this short, but I've gotta get back."
Dean nearly tripped over a pile of laundry. When he straightened back up, his arms hung at his sides limply in a totally deceptive way because he was tense in every friggin' part of his body. Laughing, and full of bravado he could only halfway muster, he said, "Or what?"
Probably because it goes according to Dean's Law, which is:
"But you're admitting it's there." Dean doesn't say anything to that, only grabs a towel and wipes the grease off the engine he's trying to restore. It's the original one for Cas' Volvo. Sam picks up a wrench and twirls it between his knuckles, carrying on. "All I'm saying is--"
"Cas," Dean copies.
Dean slaps a hand at Cas. It hits him on both his arm and ribs, jostling him amiably. "Hey. Damn straight you are. That's a good thing, Cas."
He snatches the remote back and turns the TV off before protests can be made, then hauls Cas up and off the couch with him.
"I don't get it."
Cas swats Dean's hand away. "I don't have a head injury. I can think just fine. Dean," he says then, straining, "blow me."
"Can we start over?" he rushes out with before he's told to vacate the premises. He doesn't want to think too hard about the desperation that drags his voice down, about how maybe this means more than just getting a job to bag the babes. He's twenty-six and the only good thing he has, the only,
"The fact that you couldn't tell is proof."
Cas shoves a hand between them until he's able to cup Dean's junk through his boxers, which cuts off the air in Dean's throat and reintroduces his wandering mind back to reality. When Cas pushes down roughly with the heel of that hand, Dean's brain switches over to TV static.
And, awesome, now Sam's looking at him in a new way too. Less like he's worried Dean smacked his head somewhere and more like Dean's the answer to the goddamn divine. That thought comes with a pulse of worry attached, because, seriously,
"You work at a
"Relax, obviously I'm joking."
Right.
Without breaking their kiss, Dean reaches blindly for the doorknob. It takes him a few swipes but eventually he finds it and locks it. Then he pushes off and gets them headed for his bed, both his hands wrapped around Cas' face again.
Castiel seems to be hesitating, hovering in an awkward fashion. Dean glances up while he pointedly rifles through the employees shelf to find his apron, but by the time his eyes dart that way, Castiel is peering intently at a laminated poster on the wall lecturing all about Kansas state wages.
Sam shakes his head out. Maybe it's not his brother, but it's one hell of a copy either way. Long-haired freak. He's got bangs that'd make Farrah Fawcett roll over in her grave. "Prove what?" he asks, nice and calm. Too calm, Dean thinks. The blade's practically glistening between them in this shiny, suburban hell.
“Neat,” Dean lies.
"You do know what thorns do, right? Prick you." Dean took his beer back, taking one long swig. The rim was warm and a little wet from where Cas' mouth had just been, which was probably a weird thing to realize, so Dean's brain acknowledged it briefly, if not curiously, then kept on trudging.
"Dean," Cas said, and there was no pretending this wasn't about to change everything. They were shirtless, Dean was pretty sure that was Cas's boner poking at the jut near his thigh, and his dick was just as attentive too.
Cas catches on quick and, reverse-army crawl style, scoots out from beneath Dean to drag himself higher up the bed. As he goes, the tie slides out of Dean's fingers, and Dean, this one time only, says a silent 'thank you' to Cas's mom for making him wear what he long ago dubbed Cas's 'holy tax accountant' look on Sundays. Because as soon as Dean settles back on top of him, his ass sitting pretty just below Cas' obvious and tented bulge, he grabs the silk fabric again.
"Frequents the Little Pet Shop of Horrors like a tried and true stalker, yeah. Got that. Anything else I oughta know?" Dean might be playing the role of nagging boyfriend a little too on-the-nose here, but he doubts Cas'll pick up on it.
go through," Cas told him.
So, of course Dean's brain gets stuck trying to make sense of any of, you know.
"Your one-of-a-kind burgers. Think the grill's hot enough?"
“It’s really not, Cas.”
Dean knows avoidance when he sees it. He's old hat at it. "Good talk," he says sarcastically, being cruel about it.
"Dean," Cas says, pulling back to stare at him. "What did I say?" He raises his eyebrows and waits for Dean to remember, and when Dean does -- 'blow me' -- he wraps his legs around Cas' and flips them.
With some forced enthusiasm and a quick glare aimed squarely at Dean, Sam blows out a sigh and slaps on a smile. "What're you making?"
"Bobby. C'mon. I'm fine."
"Still are," Dean corrects automatically, mind on autopilot.
Cas's silence is answer enough. Apparently he's got some unresolved issues to work through.
Christine bites on her lip like she's holding something back. And then she blurts out, "We were supposed to get married." Apparently that's a shocker to Sam, because he pulls back and sends Dean a look. One of those pointed
Eventually Cas hoists himself onto the hood as well, making the car swoop down again. He scoots until he's reclined against the windshield. After a second, Dean follows.
Sam, the asshole, is biting back laughter. "Trust me, it'll be believable."
"Hey," Dean defends himself gruffly. Sam smirks and disappears into the kitchen. Dean pats at his stomach, jiggling the layer of skin that's taken over his six-pack. "Don't listen to him. He didn't mean it. He's just a tall toddler with stupid hair."
Dean grins at Cas as he walks through the threshold, then whistles while he comes all the way inside, with Cas following close after. “Bigger than it looks.” The door closes behind them.
"Cas doesn't swing that way," Sam says with a laugh, and it's at Dean for being so easily suckered. He gets a little more serious, though, when he starts to think about what he's saying. "Actually, come to think of it, Cas doesn't seem to swing any way. Not really. It's weird, because he definitely
Charlie winces when she says, "But you do know Lisa's coming. Right?"
He snaps it closed and Jo laughs.
"What if I told you, I'm new to all this," he tells him, like he's coming clean.
She started gathering her things, sweeping the mess into one disorganized pile. "God, I am so sorry. I just thought, well. Empty seat. The only empty seat in this whole place, actually, so of course it's taken. You know, not to overshare, but that? The metaphor of my
"Dude, you're hot. Go woo. You need my help?" Pickup scenarios are already running rampant in his mind. (Example: "Excuse me, miss. Think you lost this." Insert Charlie.)
Immediately Cas meets Dean's eyes, this fleeting, skittish moment of nervous embarrassment.
"You saw your future. Look at what your loyalty gets you."
strange. Seriously, bizarro world here. "I'm home more than Sam finds acceptable, but I work."
He admires his work the way a cartoon villain would, laughing silently if not sinisterly to himself while slinking back into the shadows of the brightly lit TV room, his origin story practically writing itself.
So she says. Dean doesn't trust that gleam in her eyes. It's the same one he gets when his Busty Asian Beauties subscription comes in.
The last time they talked about Chuck they were twelve and Dean had thought the best way to cheer Cas up, the only way, was to repress any and all emotions and talk about Star Trek instead. As real men do. He weighs a similar urge now, only his new method of distraction has since evolved to involve the removing of clothing rather than the detailed ranking of best/worst episodes, but one long look at Cas tells Dean this is something Cas needs to vent about. Or, at the very least, not be encouraged to burrow way down like Dean tends to do.
"Dean," he hears, this shouted hiss. Then another ping.
Dean does a slow mental count to five. It's supposed to calm him, in theory, but with the day being a giant bust and Frankenmoose over there practically salivating to try and get him to admit it, it's more like a slight delay of the inevitable.
Cas stares. Dean feels like he might actually throw up, like his skin is being shrink-wrapped, and Cas is just staring.
"Yup," Dean answers and doesn't bother stopping.
It lasted long enough for Dean to think, very clearly,
Right away, Dean's heart drops back down to his chest and starts thrashing around like it's gone feral. When it comes to family, he's got a real fierce protective streak. "Okay." He makes himself swallow. "About?"
Cas pitches forward suddenly to kiss Dean, and Dean nearly yelps because the new angle makes that fire along Dean's spine explode into something white hot and just as bright. Whatever Cas did, wherever his dick hit, may it hit again, because that was awesome. Even Dean's dick thinks so, leaking and paying attention as it suddenly is.
"There's an old reservoir that's been shut down," Sam adds.
-gay. He's only just situationally gay. He's tried the dude-on-dude porn thing and it only stressed him out and made him worry about his browser history, not to mention, here is a fact: Dean likes boobs.
"I'm good on the eagles," he tells her with a little bit of wry humor that she seems to appreciate, so, score. "Go figure. I'm here more for... yeah, you guys hiring?"
Hoarse, Dean says, “Yeah,” and then he feels the truth bubbling up to the surface, wanting to claw its way out of him. He sets his beer aside, raking his hand down his face. “Cas…”
Dean tenses anew, but Sam just claps him on the shoulder for some brotherly reassurance before giving him a last, long look, slipping back out of the room, shutting the door behind him.
"Hey, man," he greets warmly.
Cas just keeps up with the wordless invitation. Then he starts hacking up a lung, hit with a coughing fit, and Dean scowls.
"Yeah." He clears his throat and stands. "Uh. Which way?"
Dean swats at a wind chime the breeze blows in his face. Friggin' suburbs. “Yeah, okay.”
"Okay," Hank says. That is the mother of all depressed tones. "Good luck with the move, I guess. See you, Cas."
"I'm getting water. Want anything?"
"Dean," Cas says, in the throes of hormonal lust. His eyes have gone like three shades darker and he sounds like the operator of one of those 1-900 sex phone lines. Naturally it zaps a good portion of Dean's remaining brain cells, reducing him to the very neanderthal urges of 'want' and 'now.'
Stirring the onions, he makes room to slide two burgers onto the skillet. Right away hot oil starts popping everywhere and Dean has to turn the heat down low, drop a cover on top.
And then he really does forget about it, falling into a sleep aided by his ol' pal Blue Moon.
Cas struggles carrying his end, huffing out, "I don't understand the purpose of bringing this home," and Dean's heart swells a couple sizes hearing 'home' dropped so casually. "It smells," Cas complains.
"You do that all the time."
"Fuck off." Dammit. "You're sure?"
Cas' eyes narrow like he can't figure out the logic Dean took to jump to that conclusion. Which is nothing new, him and Cas haven't been on the same page in -- ever, maybe.
“The problem is, those are exactly the leads I have. The only leads I have. And they all tend to be more pointless than the last.”
Dean made a face while he mockingly thought on it. "Gee, let's see. Uh, I left the toilet seat up?"
"Oh, shut up."
Dean loses his Jack and a nine card before it's his turn again, and by then, Cas looks proud of his doings, like this is some serious business shit, not a card game for kids.
"Cas," Sam says, startled and too loud. "Hey!" He blinks over at Dean, looking completely unsure about what their course of action is here, before schooling his expression into something that screams
That's great. Fine, even.
It almost breaks him, and Cas catches that, his hope intensifying. But there it is again, that fear curling up Dean's chest, wrapping around his sternum. It hangs on and won't let go, which makes it easy for him to snap, "Yeah, well. Don't."
It's no surprise when Cas stiffens. "If it's a choice between your life or mine, if I can save you--"
Dean presses down hard on the gas pedal.
Dean steps into the portal, thinking he's got to delay this thing somehow. He winds up holding his hand back out for Cas, stretching it as far as he can make it. "Come on!" he shouts. The wind eats it right up, so he makes his voice louder. "We gotta go!"
Sam's smirking over the top of his leafy bite, self-satisfied and just this side of gloating. "They'll think your gay," he says, way too amused.
"I can't," Cas says, thrusting shallowly like he's trying not to move except he really can't help it.
Cas' smile is small and gentle and just this side of affectionate. "Of course. Though, maybe it'd be best to give Dean another few minutes to wake up first." The conspiratorial look they exchange seems to suggest Dean's some sort of cranky riser, but, please, compared to Cas? Dean's a frickin' peach.
But it's two weeks later and Cas is still there, marginally more aware that, even though he's in a household of men, on-the-verge-of-puberty Kevin Tran included, that doesn't give him a free pass to subject the rest of them to his every stiffy. No one else walks around with their pants tented, right? Because that's private, shameful business.
"Nothin's about right. Dammit, Dean, you in some sorta trouble again?"
He hesitates. Struggles to find his voice. "I told you."
He doesn't say anything though, just stands there looking like hell warmed over. Dean's heart is a traitor. The dumb thing flops around once or twice, suckered in by the sad sight.
"Cas," she clarified, like that was supposed to mean something to him.
"I'm awesome," Dean gushes.
"How much longer until I'm back?" Cas immediately complains.
"What the hell! Dean! What's gotten into you?" he's saying, shrill and pissy, but Dean ignores it, putting the blade between his teeth for a place to hold it while he gestures for Sam to comply.
He's going to make him spell it out for him, isn't he?
He should be freaking out. He should definitely be freaking out by now. He's not.
Sam wants to push it, he can tell. Of course he does, he practically schedules these Very Important Talks in at least once a day. But the old lady across the table ain't even bothering to play coy, she's straight up staring, and the last thing Sam would ever do is make a scene. God forbid. He clears his throat, saying, "Yup," in a forced casual way that means Dean is only momentarily being left off the hook, there will definitely be some opening up of feelings later. Fuck that.
Now they're sitting knee-to-knee on Cas' bed, a deck of cards between them. Dean shows Cas how to hold his handful of cards without letting Dean see what he's got, and as he goes through the game's instructions, Cas' eyes get narrower and narrower.
Dean, because he's always been a cocky son-of-a-bitch, can't help but flash him a smile, one that's oozing of charm as if to prove his previous point. What he lacks in experience he makes up in personality.
That was not a pillow. That was Cas' ass, and thanks to the alarm still going off, it was an ass that was also waking up.
Cas doesn't see how. In fact, it'd be more understandable than Dean assuming Cas's punishment. "I listened to Metatron.
there, unless--"
"Cardstock," Charlie drones on importantly, addressing a wall of paper. It's where he finds out what vellum is, at least.
"Dean." That's not even Sam's second sigh. "Cas, you understand at least, right?"
"Not now."
Dean does what any good brother would do: straight up bails.
Finally Sam cracks. He says, "So, Castiel," and that is so far from what Dean was expecting, he genuinely balks. Sam takes pity on the fact that Dean has the emotional range of a fork, carefully coming in closer. "You two are friends."
"Like, have beef with me," Hank carries on. "That's totally cool. Sorry you're so mad at life, bro, but I get it. Man is evil. But what did those little guys ever do?" Again with the flamingos. Dean feels his patience running thin.
He's smacking his lips and thinking about a refill when Sam drops into the seat next to him.
Cas stacks a book atop a small tower in front of him. "Your humble abode," he confirms grandly, being a smartass, but it's like that's an actual title, like maybe they refer to it that way all the time, cementing Dean's horror. "Well,
"A few times," he says, "and, pass."
Dean ups his smirk a couple notches so it more resembles a leer. "Anywhere you'd like," he drawls. It makes Cas cough out a noise of secondhand embarrassment, which has Dean wavering in his flirtation a little. Still, he keeps eye contact with her, even as she pulls back and stuffs her pen into the hair behind her ear.
"Jack, Cas. Fork it over."
Actually.
Then Dean rocks forward and Cas moves with him, gripping back. As soon as his hands fist in the fabric of Dean's shirt, Dean sags against him, holding him even closer.
"Cas," Dean starts, but Cas whips his head around, all kinds of intense and stubborn like it's just that simple. And, hell. Maybe it is. Maybe Dean's a selfish bastard for wanting it too, but he wants it so bad. And him and Cas, the two of them together, they've always ripped up the script. Why stop now?
"Was it on God's command?"
"I don't begrudge you, Dean," he tells him honestly, and it too causes Dean to react, only this time his face crumbles briefly.
Sam agrees to, but not before teasing, "So. Honeymoon's over?"
There are a shit ton of things Dean could say right now, starting at the top with 'sorry I suck so bad, it'd be awesome if you gave this thing between us another shot', but in the end, he settles with, "Here," shoving the hot chocolate into Cas's free hand. "Wear the damn scarf next time, you idiot."
They drive past a Biggersons and a Taco Bell before Cas sits up straight, which is Dean's cue they're coming up on something he likes. Sure enough, there's a diner, and it's in the shape of a freaking aluminum motor home. Dean snorts at Cas' predictability but he's already got his blinker on, pulling into the mostly empty parking lot.
"Here ya go," Sam says to him while reaching over the counter to hand the coffee off. "Enjoy. Stay warm out there."
His first thought is to reach for the garbage can so Cas can be sick into it, but as soon as he moves, Cas throws an arm around his waist, stopping him.
(Weird thing about Purgatory? There was a whole lot of downtime. Not that they weren't continuously starring in their very own monster slash film, and often, but just like any hunt, they caught their fair share of breathers, which meant they could hole up somewhere until it was time to move again.
As he's taking one last backward glance, just to make sure Sam's actually heading in the direction of the girl and not the buffet table, he nearly smacks into someone again, but a strong hand stops and catches him.
Dean swipes right back at him. "Get your own."
She's led him to a curtained entrance near the back, where she stops and thwacks him on the shoulder, hard enough to make him trip half a step forward.
Dean runs a towel through his hair and tries not to feel too weird about standing around in just a pair of sweat pants.
"Dean," he starts, but Dean squeezes his eyes shut and raises his head to the sky.
"Duh."
"...Who is this?"
"Oh, good. So, cursed rings. Why not."
With some guilt, Cas leaves it on a shelf.
But seriously. Sam 2.0 right there.
"Whatever this summer was, Cas," he says, his voice cracking, "whatever happened, you gotta know you're my best friend. Whatever else there was, there's always, always, gonna be that. I kinda need that from you."
There's a long pause before Cas says, "I'm not holding any grudges, certainly not for you."
Well, well. Merry Christmas to him. Dean screenshots all three texts and rapidfire sends it to everyone they mutually know before responding back a thumbs up emoticon. This is going to get him through the next week right here.
Outside of the first four years of his life, the longest stretch of time Dean's spent with his dad was third grade through seventh. Not the whole time, but John Winchester, those years, suddenly remembered he was a father and attempted to do something about it.
"Han Solo is a badass space pirate. Luke," he informs her, "is a whiny little bitch."
damn thrilled.
Eventually, with some quiet words of encouragement too soft for Dean to catch, Cas snags the thing and is able to gently pry it out.
Dean grins and Cas knows, instantly, it's at his expense. He blows out a sigh and walks right in, trying to maintain his exasperation long enough to remove his mittens (for real) but neither can keep up the shtick for too long.
"You gave me your number. Bam. Just like that. No fucks given."
"Right," he agrees.
Dean just stares.
For a second Dean watches the little dots do their dance as Cas continues typing, but he must delete whatever he was going to say because it stops and nothing gets sent.
Dean wants to slam his head against the steering wheel, this conversation is so circular.
Dean turns until he's laying on his side. "You okay?" he asks, because maybe, on this one thing--sharing is caring--Sam is right.
He reaches across the desk. "Name's Dean. Dean Winchester." Cas's grip is warm and firm. Less of a shake and more of a stiff hold. When they let go, Dean says, "Honestly, man, I know jack about hodge-podge, but I'm good with people and I learn fast."
Dean barely even notices when the front door swings open, even though it's Cas and he's saying Dean's name. Dean staggers down the last two steps, then turns on his heel, nuking every last damn emotion, and makes a swift exit, his boots crunching over their rocky driveway, Cas still calling after him.
“Just to remind you, this is all
When he jogs over to Cas' late the following morning, Cas is piling a bunch of boxes into the trunk of that shit mobile. Dean makes out 'books' and 'linens' written in black marker on the top of them before they disappear into the back space.
Different bar, too. This one's called Ed's, right off the main road. When they get there it's dark already. A group of people stand smoking outside the door and they watch Dean and Cas curiously as they head inside. Damn small towns.
Yeah, but. He kinda likes the way Castiel talks. And, what, he's not allowed to have a new friend? Maybe he could use a guy like Castiel in his life. He makes him smile and how often nowadays does that happen?
"Hm. I'll just go ask Castiel myself th--"
Sooooo. There is that.
"Hey," Dean defends with some heavily put upon offense. "When am I
He's been blowing him off and blowing him off because there's something demoralizing about a pity job offer from the guy who pretty much raised you.
"Dean. Calm down."
Dean brakes at the lone stop light and waits for it to switch to green, still the only car on the street.
"So." Sam bites into a forkful of green leaves. "Do you love him?"
Good answer.
"You have rebelled," she says, with a slow, predatory lilt, "you have lost faith, and you have slaughtered. This is where you belong. It is here you will find redemption. That peace you so crave. So," she concludes much more pleasantly. She winds up in front of Dean and Castiel both, pitying them. "Now we say goodbye to Mr. Winchester. You will live life fully," she tells Dean. "You will live heroically. And you will do so knowing you spared Castiel of an unworthy fate."
"What's wrong with you?"
Dean blurts out, "Stay."
Charlie, who's now been properly shamed by his silently doled out judgment, defends herself by saying, "Sorry for thinking you might be the one guy who doesn't get stiff for a cliché."
Later, when they're leaving and Cas is already halfway down the tree, Dean catches sight of their initials carved in the wood over the entrance. He remembers that. Cas had taken a screwdriver and etched his initials first, and Dean used his pocket knife to add his own after. Underneath, Cas had written 'forever' and Dean remembers that, too; the small, secret smiles they shared, them two against the whole damn world.
Sam's look turns almost pitying at that. Like Dean's some messed up kid who still believes in Santa Clause. "Of course," he says. "Still though. It means a lot. Really."
"Yeah, I did, back to you flirting with that hottie."
Cas takes the other ring from Sam and strides, with determination, over to Dean. Once he's in front of him, he thrusts it at Dean and demands, "Put it on."
He snorts.
Cas learns he's in Dell Rapids, South Dakota, thanks to a newspaper inside the Gas n' Sip. So, he's not too far from home, assuming Sam and Dean are at the bunker.
It gets real then. More real, anyway, than the ten minutes ago when Dean thought it would be an awesome idea to fondle his best friend. Who is a dude.
Cas leans into Dean and raises his voice over the radio and bar noise. "It was Dean who proposed." He sways into Dean even further, his arm coming up behind the high back of Dean's chair, where it stays.
"You're ogling," Sam accuses.
"Dean. I can't. I need to--"
There isn't anymore to the question, but Cas gets the point. Dean wants to take care of it for him. It's a thought that dries out his mouth, so his answer, when he gives it, is a nod, Cas swallowing hard.
Dean sighs and pushes Cas onto the bed. The fever he can deal with, but Cas unloading his guilty conscious onto him? He didn't sign up for that. "Come on, lie back," he tells him, but Cas grips both his wrists and keeps Dean near.
Dean, who's slipping out of his jacket and laying it across the back of a chair. He dumps his duffel near a trash can by the table, eyeballing Cas as he does.
Jack's smile is very small and very kind. "He's alive. And somewhere close to fine, with Sam."
"And?"
Good enough. You can't call a person out on that, it could mean literally anything. 'I'm taking a shit.' 'Now's really not a good time, there's someone else's hand on my dick.' 'Leave me alone, this is a fight.' Literally anything, right, except Dean's phone goes off again just a few seconds later.
?” He’s full-on gaping.
Cas just said, "
Cas' face scrunches up. "How?"
"I'm a reasonably attractive guy," Sam carries on with a little bit of a hitch in his breath. He's
Guilt leaks in fast, like something broke inside of him somewhere.
, what did Sam and--
"Charlie," he starts. Everything in his body is telling him NO. It's been days since Sam's shindig, but his energy level is still crap lately.
Lisa spots him from three parking spots over, glancing twice. The first time casually, the second one with more intent once she realizes who he is. He waves with some awkwardness.
Dean grits his teeth and switches on the blinker, pressing his foot against the gas until they're going fast enough to pass the car ahead. "What? Spill it."
"Will you think about it at least? You don't have to decide now."
He's going to come, and while that's kinda the plan, it's way too soon. Cas is tonguing the precome at the tip of Dean's dick in pretty much the filthiest, most innocent, curious way possible, and how, how does Cas know this stuff, but also, holy god he needs to stop. He really needs to stop because Dean wants to last longer than thirty seconds.
Sam breaks through Dean's wallowing with a cough and a steaming cup of hot chocolate, which he thrusts in Dean's face.
That snaps Dean's attention his way. Damn if it doesn’t sting. At the glare he knows he’s giving, Benny intentionally eases up, making a show of it.
Cas reappears out the passenger side of his car clutching a pet carrier.
"Because you feel burdened," Cas guesses.
Whatever it was, Dean wasn't prepared for the sudden adrenaline rush that swept up his body like a gust of confused feelings and an identity crisis. His heart decided to pick up its pace from the mellow jog it'd been cruising at, now at a panic-filled sprint. His throat stopped working properly, the draft of blood in his ears rose to a roar, his dick decided to announce its presence by twitching eagerly -- it was basically a full scale physiological freakout, all because, all of a sudden, it became way too easy to imagine this as one of those Very Inappropriate Situations Sam would for sure want to have some kind of gentle conversation about.
Knowing that he nailed it, Dean carries on. "Seriously, get a few beers in you and you type like a tween girl."
"What did I just say? We know already. We're working on it."
"Yeah, you're
"Excuse me?"
"No word from future-douche," Dean says knowingly, letting the back door swing shut behind him.
She tsks at him and heads into the kitchen.
They're swept immediately onto the set of some cheesy B-movie when they enter the building. Feels like it, anyway. Somehow he failed to notice the place was called Beach Motel. Even though they're nowhere near the water, its insides look like someone spewed the ocean into it.
“Try ‘boring as hell.’ You know how many migraines I’ve had the past two weeks? How many allergies?”
"Cas," he says. He can't let that happen. He gets it now; this is his chance to not screw up someone else's life for a change. This is where Castiel has a choice, but Dean can make sure it's the right one. "Don't do it. You can't, don't give this up."
"Don't you ever get tired of it?" Sam asks him one afternoon while they fuss with stuff in the garage. Dean's been spending more of his time in here now that Cas is going to work again. It makes him feel halfway useful, anyway.
Dean stands taller, staring her down over the edge of his nose. "Yeah. So?" All Naomi does to respond is watch him, waiting.
Yeah, okay. Him. Dean's the not cool one here. Sure. Jesus.
Turning his head to the side, he looked over at Cas, whose chest was rising and falling with quickly inhaled and exhaled breaths. Dean's gaze traveled lower. Cas had come all over his stomach. Probably it was both of theirs. His dick was mostly soft and sticking out of the top of his jeans, and Dean never knew he had that particular kink before but, turned out? Half-dressed sex with Cas? Kinda did it for him. By, like, a lot.
She eyes the back-to-school display in the window. God bless her, though, she doesn't even grin. Well, not at his expense. "Dean, that's great."
Dean's mind is pretty much trying to ctrl-alt-delete itself, to no avail, as Gabriel slips off as easily as he came. Distractedly, Dean realizes he's missed some texts.
Sam knocks him aside to say, "Hey! Anna, cool, glad you could make it. And Castiel, right?"
“Little too late for that,” squeezes out of him.
The table's thick between them when Dean sits, it's also a welcome partition, but he still feels exposed by the sincerity and care Bobby's giving him. It makes his walls hike straight up. His guard, too, shoots into place, making towers of his ribcage.
"I once claimed to belong to a group that gathered recreationally for the purpose of stating each person's name and confessions. There were sandwiches."
"I should go. Gabriel is staring at me in a way that implies he's going to seek retribution in the form of arson. Which has happened before."
After the date that was, unfortunately, a babysitting job, but, fortunately, also not a reaper intent on killing Cas, Dean is still there and wondering, "Where to?"
Sam stares between them both like this is bizarro world.
Sam rolls his eyes. There is actual eye-rolling. "We're hunters, we're just." He searches for the right word. "Retired," is what he comes up with, and good thing he winces saying it, otherwise Dean would've done it for him. Even so.
The end.
"She's efficient," Cas agrees. Charlie's already doing her drunk-girl octopus act, leaning in close.
"Alright, quit looking at me like that," he told him. It had some sting, though not a lot, and Cas eventually stopped with the sappy staring right around the time Benny came slinking down the loose rockbed.
"It's about you going all Jason Bourne on me! I didn't need you screwing with my head, Sam!"
"That'd be the one," Bobby tells him, and his voice is oddly affectionate. "The two of us, me and Rufus, we grew up thick as thieves since practically the day I was born. Only I had me a real mean son of a bitch of a daddy who thought men were supposed to have one kind of relationship and one kind only."
Again, he brings up his contacts list. Looks at Dean's name glowing in the dark.
"Let me guess," he starts right out with. "Cas told you, right?"
He isn't wrong on any of that. Apparently someone hired a DJ to sort through every song from the past decade and pick all the worst ones. That's the assault happening to his ears right now, never mind the constant smothered feeling brought on by the hordes of happy people trapped in a darkened, too-small rec room.
"Nah, just. Like you said. Rough day."
"You're moody and you keep looking at the clock, just. Dean. Come on. Admit it. Not even to me, but you have to admit it to yourself some day. You're killing yourself here. No one's going to think less of you. It's Cas."
Not that he isn't enjoying spending most of his every waking hour with Cas, especially with the things -- and, um, body parts -- they inevitably get up to, but there's nothing that drives Dean up a wall faster than stagnancy and repetition. Save maybe Sam's gassy response to burritos.
So Dean had bristled. He'd shuffled the bag of fresh fruit he'd had in his right arm to his left arm and jiggled the key anew. The damn thing was always getting stuck. It wasn't the first time Dean considered breaking-and-entering into his own place of business.
"Dean?"
Cas moves past purposely close to Dean, with a clap to his shoulder that is patronizing but also full of meaning. Dean leans into it for a second, then bats Cas away when it turns into teasing at his expense.
"What? He'll be in and out, this way," Dean defends. That's his first mistake. His second is adding, "Dude's weird."
"Nothing, just. I wanted to ask you--"
He gave up the pointless search for an empty chair and turned around, right on Cas. They wound up pretty damn close, their elbows tangling briefly before Dean broke away to poke Cas in the chest.
,” and considers Sam's repulsed yelp a job well done.
"Are you going to tell me what's wrong?"
Fuck no. Jo and Benny remain silent, and while Dean spends another few minutes entertaining himself by sending gifs to Charlie, she doesn't respond either, and his attention span only lasts so long.
Sam makes a face. "Nice."
Cas stares at it like he doesn’t understand its purpose. He asks, “Why?”
Taylor.
She blows the bangs out of her face again and books their room. Dean forks over his credit card--well, some guy named Robert Manwell's credit card--and wills Cas via eyeball to dial it back.
Which shut Dean up, and now he's mother henning Cas, hunkered down in a beat up chair he pulled to the side of Cas' bed. The projectile vomiting phase ended more than a few hours ago, but any time Cas moans and rolls around, Dean's stomach pitches upwards, anticipating another round of 'try not to get spewed on.' There are just some bodily fluids that aren't meant to be shared between two people, okay.
Dean flips to his side. Even with the weight of his gaze on him, Cas doesn't surrender his staring contest with the sky.
A purse dropped first, half its contents spilling out, and then one of them whipped cream diabetes frappawhatevers followed.
Sam stares. Then stares some more. "Dude. I get pie
Dean swallows and glances at Castiel and feels unworthy. But Cas holds his head high and says, "Yes." Easy as that.
Since Dean's not busting his chops, Sam’s attention drifts elsewhere. Namely to his failed baking. He turns over that dropped baking tray and reveals yet more burnt discs.
"Like, an actual dick, though. I swear, the dude gets off on telling people what to do."
There's a hesitation. "That's not true."
And then, because this already isn't an uncomfortable enough conversation, Sam decides to make it way more terrible by bringing up Cas. Not that Dean isn't genuinely curious, wanting answers for all the
"Says you."
Cas stares at him for a long beat, then he squints at the label on his bottle of beer. "My exact age is... difficult to fathom--"
"Cas, he's hurt, he's bleeding--" There's a chunk of glass poking out of Cas' back, and it should be a relief because it's small, it's nothing, but when he rolls Cas back over, he notices Cas has got a matching shard coming out that same side in the front, which means the thing's gone all the way through him.
"No!"
At 2:34 there's a persistence in Cas's bladder he's forced to take care of.
He hears Kevin make a grossed out groaning noise and then, "They gave it a creepy euphemism, why? Why me? Ow," he says, bumping into something on his hasty retreat.
Sam, like a godsend, calls out, "Chai's ready," and that works to diffuse the moment that, great, Dean's having in front of everyone like this is some sort of domestic spat. No way Ellen's not watching like a hawk, making some mental note to pass the gossip to Bobby.
"Believe me, there were... fucks."
His face is a grimace by the time he's made it inside, and he swipes himself down, cringing and debating already whether to give up now and call it a bust, maybe grab a six-pack on the way home so he'll be able to put up with Sam's smug I-told-you-so face. Two seconds isn't a long time to last, but then again, Dean's always been a quality-over-quantity kind of guy.
True. But, still. "This whole thing's got 'awkward' all over it."
Cas' hangover glare turned into a ruffled feathers glare. He ignored the offering of food -- and the mocking airplane noises Dean was trying to rile him up with -- and grabbed the toast instead.
Easier said than done. But already Dean can feel his walls going back up, defenses back in place. This future isn't even real. Who cares who hates him in it. More power to them.
"Dean!"
"The last time we spoke -- well, the time before that. The last time we actually spoke was pleasant, probably because we barely said any words--"
Except Cas pushes Dean down with his weight so that he's practically smothering him into the dusty floorboards, enthusiasm cranked all the way up to twelve. One of his hands gets trapped under Dean's left shoulder and the other's still fisted in Dean's hair, right behind his ear.
"I don't understand."
Sam sputters defensively. "I didn't! I--"
"You know, you could always--" Cas starts, still hopeful, but he doesn't bother to finish because they both know Dean's not about to uproot if it means leaving Sam behind. He's got to stick around here, if only to make sure Sam doesn't grow his hair out girl-style.
"Why, you got someone coming over?"
Friggin' weddings.
Cas tugs out of Dean's hold. Dean lets him. He thinks about bailing and taking his pillow out to the Impala.
It feels like he's picking between Sam and Cas here, but he's not. If he's being honest with himself, Sam has always been his obligation; Cas, though, has always been his choice.
"Knock it off, shrimp."
"I wanted to be right about Metatron," Cas tells him, dropping it like a confession and a weakness and a burden all wrapped in one.
"There were trials, Dean." And that's just brief enough -- and vague enough -- that Dean's mind starts spitballing out possible scenarios; he doesn't know if Sam means Cas had to face trials, or what, but based on their long, screwed up life history, already he can guess that these things sucked. He hates them by default. "It's not like we found a loophole or, you know, some magic button that closed everything," Sam says. "We had to earn it."
"Yeah, well. No other dick here but me," he agrees.
Dean ducks his head down, feeling like the worst kind of jerk. "Yeah, well. What can I say? I suck."
He blows out a breath, lulled by her non-response. "It's not just me--that's weird, right? That he wouldn't mention he was coming over?"
She stops them once they're all but out the door, handing Sam a box full of junk she meant to give to Amelia earlier, before life kinda threw her one crappy curveball.
Literally gone. Cas and everything else, it's gone, and Dean is somewhere else all of a sudden, transported without him even noticing how.
Dean's laughter bursts out quietly and briefly, but it still shakes the whole bed. "Man," he says, sounding fond, "even when you're not really you, you're still
A few rocks slide out from under Cas' feet as they take that last, small, uphill trek, and he goes down, landing on his hands and knees. Dean stops just long enough to offer him his own hand before he lunges halfway through the portal, but as soon as he's inside it, he knows they've only got
Because Cas is nothing if not a man governed by his own clock, Dean winds up being 10 minutes early, but that just gives him plenty of time to get himself coffee and a slice of pie and to lay claim to a table before the hordes of hipsters swarm for their chai lattes and kale salad.
Benny let out a praiseful whistle and went back to hacking away at his wood block. As far as Dean could tell, he was making himself another knife. They went through plenty of those. "I get it. Man, I get it."
Days thirty-three and on are pretty damn okay.
Close proximity with another dude wasn't new for Dean. Not that he'd ever done anything beyond platonic space-sharing. Dean was a tactile guy and if he happened to express his feelings through touch instead of words, whatever.
"Hey," he says; his voice is already hoarse. "What you said before, about Cas." That gets Sam's attention snapping his way. It's the tone more than anything. Dean has to work around his nerves. "That he, you know--makes me happy."
"Where are we?"
Dean's chest tingles with warmth, and something bigger.
A couple seconds later Cas flicks on the light switch that only turns on the desk lamp, not the overhead light, but it's still bright and still an intrusion. The knowing look Cas gives Dean isn't any better.
"Alright, you freak. Geez."
"It is strange," Cas murmurs, thumbing through police reports. All of the victims were reported missing 72 hours prior to being found, and by then, it was way too late. Though the couples were discarded in different locations, they were all left in the same physical state: bound together and drained entirely of their blood.
"You're so lucky, Cas," Sam says, throwing pebbles at one of the junkers Dean's working on in Bobby's salvage yard. He's aiming for the driver side mirror, but he keeps missing and thwacking Dean instead where Dean's chest deep under the car's hood.
“Cas, come in,” he says, keeping it mild.
Dean sneaks past a couple of large windows, trying not to make too much noise as they crunch their way through dry, overgrown weeds and gravel. He snorts, "Real positive attitude you got there," sliding up to the wall.
Cas gives Dean an unimpressed look.
"What?" Dean defended, because Cas was staring at him like he'd gone nuts. "I can't sleep. Turn off the TV."
"Dean," Sam says, sad, knowing there's no talking Dean out of this.
Sam spots her as they enter the kitchen together. "Hey. Charlie!" She gets pulled in for a hug. Everyone else is gathered in there, making it the epicenter of social activity. When Sam lets go, he goes down the line of people, saying, "This is Jess, Anna, and Castiel. Guys, this is Charlie."
He'll just... stand here, then. With his hands in his pockets, because that's casual and casual is what he's going for since 'invisible' isn't an option.
Cas goes from rigid and closed off, to light and openly beaming what feels like admiration and affection solely at Dean. If this place was a cartoon, there'd be actual drawn hearts in his eyes.
Cas says, voice pitched almost at a whisper, "Are you uncomfortable?"
"Nothing, never mind," he says, smiling to prove he means it.
"Hence 'fake.'" Dean puts the blinker on and switches lanes.
Sam grins, hiding it with another bite of salad. "I'll take that as a yes."
By the time Castiel rouses back to, the lamp's doing nothing but wasting electricity. Bands of sunlight pour in through heavy window curtains that've been drawn back at the bottom.
"So? I'm not?"
Dean relents, but not before grabbing the keys to his car. "Dig in. I'll be back."
Sam swings his legs off the edge of the couch. His hair's sticking up in the back where he's trying to grow it long. Dean keeps telling him he's gonna wind up looking like a girl, but it hasn't made Sam change his mind yet. "You left and you didn't say goodbye."
Sam leans back in his chair, at the room's lone desk with his laptop open in front of him. From a nearby sofa, also surrounded by books, Cas watches. "I don't know. I am, I guess."
"Yeah, normally," he says back, with his voice going soft for Cas's sake, who's starting to look like he's taking the exclusion personally, "but it's different this time. I mean, the victims?"
people. The friends we have, the people we love. I don't want to end up ten, twenty more years down the line still wondering what I'm missing out on, Dean. And I have this amazing, incredible woman who I want to spend as much time as I possibly can with," he tells him, teary-eyed.
There's a lot to read into that.
"Don't do that. Don't act like, from day one, you haven't been pissed off and holding a grudge because I wouldn't let you clang your little bell out front."
"Dean?"
The insult isn't intended to do anything but lighten the mood, and it does exactly that. "So, we're 'cool?'" The phrase is awkward on his tongue, but it's something he hears often and has been meaning to try out. Dean seems to appreciate it, in any case
Dean gets up, clapping Sam's shoulder as he slips past.
"Cas, you're sick," he reminds him gently, half-hoping it'll be the thing that gets them both to stop. "Can you even think straight right now?" He pulls back and holds up three fingers. "How many?"
"What's Bobby say?"
"You brought it up."
Dean snorts. Cas looks like he signed up for a colonoscopy. He needs to relax.
Sam pries himself away from Amelia enough to bump against his shoulder. "You love it."
"What do you want?"
Dean tugs his hands out of Cas' and moves away, rolling his eyes. Funny how he's been waiting for Cas to admit he screwed up big time, but now that it's happening, he doesn't want to hear it.
"You're in a seriously rare good mood," Amelia tells him. It might be the exact wrong thing to say; Sam suddenly zips up and Cas grows serious too. You know, moreso than usual. "Oh no," she says, realizing. "Damn. Crap, I just called out the elephant in the room, didn't I? I actually called it out."
"Dude," she says. "Fail."
"Left it in a state of disrepair. Exactly."
The implication there being that Dean's behaving strangely. And, fuck, he is, hell if he knows why. Fuck.
Cas curls his fingers into the hair above Dean's ears, his legs coming up around Dean again. He keeps his feet flat against the mattress though, pushing up until his hips lift clean off the bed.
"Dude, no one," Dean warns, with additional threats at Charlie to zip it being sent out optically.
"Cats can be sentient."
Someone's ringtone goes off nearby -- the theme song for 'Greatest American Hero,' and Dean snorts his judgment before realizing it's Gabriel's phone polluting the place. That just figures.
"Just ask him out already," Sam says, except, far from being a friendly suggestion, his tone's the equivalent of a smack to the head.
followed with an appreciative sigh when she saw him pull up in Baby.
At least it makes Cas look away. He seems completely unconvinced, though.
"Vocationally," he shoots right at him with a tight, ain't-my-life-swell grin. More cocky, he adds, "Yeah, and for leisure too."
“So. Cas. Your
When they reach the landing, it's another couple minutes of shameless groping.
Cas gets off the bed and crosses over creaky floorboards to Dean. He's wearing fuzzy blue socks Dean's told him a million times before make him look like a dweeb, but Dean might also be wearing the matching green pair Cas gave him for his birthday, so.
Cas still doesn't seem to get it, because apparently you can drop the two of them in the promised land and somehow they're still going to miscommunicate, but then. It lands. Boy, does it.
Dean sits on his ass with a glare, wiping a hand across his mouth. The dig at his self-esteem is a low fucking blow, besides being a source of constant contention between them.
Dean swipes out a hand to cut off that line of conversational torture, like it's all no big deal and also can Sam please shut up already. "Already forgotten. Or emotionally repressed. Whichever."
Every part of Sam's face pinches inward. He does his yoga breaths. His inner-chant practically turns outer, but it's riling him up instead of calming him down. That might have something to do with how hard Dean's been tormenting him lately. You know, because he's emotionally stunted. He's been a dick and Sam's mostly accepted it because that's just how Dean is, but now all that repressed anger is boiling over.
"Uhh," he gets out, right as she starts tearing up.
Still struggling, Dean shuffles past, heading in the direction he thinks is his room. He runs into the corner of a hallway and grimaces. "Cas ever texts you for a favor? Ignore it."
"After Jack brought everyone back," Sam goes on, keeping his voice quiet, "I got a text from Eileen. She's fine. She didn't even know she was gone, actually."
. No way. Hell no."
Dean stares. "I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that."
"Nah, it's fine. You're fine."
"Again, I'd ask why."
“Besides, I'm not interested,” Cas says, and it tumbles out so fast, it distracts Dean from what he’s trying to say. “In Nora. Romantically.”
"So, farmer's market back on?"
Sam laughs. It goes straight to Dean's friggin' heart.
Dean scowls back, ignores that last part, and says, "Actually, you seem like a date-honey kinda guy," because he is nothing if not a professional. And, a week of observing the guy has given him some insight into his tastes.
Cas clears his throat. “I can assure you, I'm as indifferent as ever. Except,” Cas rushes to say, because Dean, sorry sack that he is, can’t help but take that personal. “In this particular instance, that I'm incredibly invested in, for the unforeseeable and long-term future.”
"What do you mean, you'll be back?" He's laughing some because this right here? This is crazy talk out of Cas.
"Look," Sam says soothingly, to make up for the fact that he's backed Dean into a corner here and has the balls to act surprised that Dean ain't exactly reacting positively, "that's not really the point, except it kind of is. You've been happy. Talking to him. Haven't you?"
Dean pushes his food around his plate while he waits for a response. He should probably feel embarrassed over his meltdown, but turns out, it's a lot easier to dump your mess on someone's front porch if you don't know them.
"Now go away," Cas says with his attention on the cards, and Dean snorts, unexpected as the sass is. If Cas is being a brat, to Sam of all people, it must mean he's feeling pretty okay.
Just as it’s turning into something a little too intimate, Cas's gaze flicks past Dean’s shoulder. His eyes grow wide and he ducks his head back down.
Sam speaks up for Dean, probably because he assumes Dean will be tactless about it. "He means..." He struggles for a moment, then says, "It's a saying, about, uh... homosexual--"
. "I'll be back later."
Dean chucks the controller to the end of his bed. "Anywhere."
"Yeah?"
"And why would that bother me? You think you're the first person who's asked me to relocate elsewhere? Either you're incredibly naive, or somehow more arrogant than I already assumed."
Without waiting for another word, he pushes open the driver's side door and gets out, stretching his neck. Cas exits his side a beat after. Their doors click shut at the same time, loud in the silence. Still, neither of them move, the motel lobby a sudden foreboding thing.
"You do realize, right, this whole time, she's gonna think you've been on the--" He cuts himself off, though, when he sees Cas still crumpled on the floor. "Shit," he says, rushing to him. He wedges the phone between his ear and shoulder. "Shit, Cas."
"He's not as nice as Mr. Balthazar. Mr. Balthazar teaches world history, but he's always talking about orgies--"
Stepping back, Cas ducks his head down. "Never mind. Um. I just remembered I left the stove on. Gabriel is calling."
Sam yanks away from Dean with a glare. "Plus, you were a dick to Cas."
This is the point where, with a girl, Dean would take things further. 'Oh, yeah, your thing look like this?' followed by a borderline softcore porn selfie. 'Hey, baby, what are you wearing?' Something like that to push it to the next level.
Damn.
Sam bitch-faces at him.
"You love me."
Cas, awesome Cas, makes a noise in the back of his throat that calls their attention back to their initial conversation. "Perhaps that's why he took his own life. You said you found him?"
"Sam's 'other-half,'" Cas says, with some conspiratorial air quotes, like maybe that's an in-house joke, but, of course, it means nothing to Dean. Except
"Jesus! There you are! I thought you got roofied and kidnapped, do you know what that kind of guilt does to a person?!"
It's not the right thing, in any way.
When they break apart, Dean's breathing a little fast, mostly from the headiness of actually making a move. That it's Cas only adds to his racing heart. It's pounding, threatening to Edgar Allen Poe the crap out of the moment.
Dean doesn’t slip Cas the tongue, because he’s a gentleman, but there’s something about Cas's chapped lips that makes him part his own, this casual invite to dial it up another notch. He feels the kiss deepen, but only in its intent, like they’re both confessing something here.
"Got it. Masculine words only," she teases.
"Would you prefer to trade?"
Cas is staring at Dean, and Dean realizes he must look like an idiot. He's practically gaping, his emotions bouncing all over the place. That initial shock is still there. "Hey, Mrs. Shurley," he eventually gets out, ignoring Cas.
Cas gets to his elbows; he fits his hand between them--Dean has to pull back and brace all his weight on his forearms for that to happen--and gets it down the front of Dean's pants. Then his fingers are wrapped around Dean's dick, stroking, fisting him tight, so so so good sparks are going off in his brain.
"Easy. Eye of the Tiger."
"Cut the crap, Dean," Sam says. He looks like he's trying to do mental meditation. Like he's counting to ten and channeling his inner-Yanni. "Look. Last night was, whatever. We fight all the time, it's nothing new." That unexpectedly drops Dean's mood. They don't fight all the time. They fight a lot, fine, but jesus christ, they're brothers. Brothers fight. "But I'm asking you for a favor here, and I need you to--" Sam steps in closer, dropping the defensive stance. He seems genuinely worried that Dean's going to continue being an asshole and is pleading now. "I need you to just go with me on something, okay?"
Almost accusatory, Dean stalks over and pulls open Cas' closet. There's nothing in there but a couple of too-small sweaters and a tangle of hangers that swing and clatter together.
Sam's mouth is a thin, perturbed line when he says, "Yeah, so? It's a piece of paper, but you still would've made me kiss... whoever I was standing under it with at the party--"
Still, right as the coast is looking clear, Sam says, "You think he's okay?" with a crapload of worry.
"Dean?" Sam prompts after a few seconds.
The awesome thing about high school is that you can be a little bit gay without being all the way gay.
It's been a few minutes since that last one, which makes it seem like Dean's left Castiel hanging on purpose. Nearby that 'Greatest American Hero' ringtone goes off again, and now that he knows who it is, his fight-or-flight instincts materialize like someone summoned them.
"Die," Sam retorts, pushing past to hog up the bathroom. The door slams shut behind him, and Dean's still smiling when Sam shouts his annoyance over the muggy, slightly damp state Dean left the bathroom in.
"Darn. Craft project with my nieces," she explains with an eye roll. "We're making felt dolls for something called, uh, 1D?" She pitches the last part at him like he might have some friggin' clue what it is.
But then Hank eyes the house beside his, face paling. "It was the first dead body I've ever seen," he murmurs.
Cas says, "I assumed Sam mentioned I was invited."
Dean was ready to say as much when Jo slipped out of the booth in a rush of sudden excitement. He figured out the cause for it when Cas was suddenly swapping places with her, dropping beside Dean quicker than his brain could keep up with.
"That's what I'd like."
Dean ducks out of Sam's arms with an eye roll. "Alright," he says, pushing Sam to lie down.
Cas flicks on the light behind him, surprising Dean. He didn't know he was followed down. The idea that Cas is here to help out and take care of his brother makes Dean pause and feel real damn sentimental.
Sam rolls his eyes.
Dean's living some god awful Lifetime movie by the time another knock on the door comes. Though he's stayed a safe distance away in the living room pretending to be preoccupied with his record collection, he's been forced to witness Sam's courting process, which so far is mostly Sam staring at Jess like there are actual hearts in his eyes while they set out food and make excuses to brush up against each other. That knock is like god delivering divine intervention, who even cares of Dean's spiking social anxiety. He'll take it.
And, okay, Cas said he was attracted to Dean, but who cares, he probably meant it in a generic 'Dean is classically handsome' kind of way. Nothing personal.
"Rise and shine, sleepin' beauty," he says, rough-sounding from so many hours of non-use but still obnoxious and chirpy.
"What? Cas gets it."
Quickly it comes back to him. Purgatory. The portal.
"Alrighty," Dean says, after a beat. Together the two of them head up the concrete path from the sidewalk to the front door.
Dean's glad Cas has already been inside his apartment before. Means he doesn't have to give the '
"'Course," she drawls, heading back into the kitchen.
A second, longer pause. This time Dean's voice softens considerably. "Cas? That really you?"
"I have money," Cas says. It rushes out of him like he expects to be interrupted. "We can get an apartment. I can go to school--"
"I could stay?"
Bobby sinks slowly onto the edge of the coffee table in front of Dean, close enough that Dean's swallowed up in his shadow. He rubs his hands down his thighs, like a nervous habit, which strikes Dean as nuts because -- it's Bobby. Bobby's never been scared of anything. "I ever tell you about my friend Rufus?"
Yeah, it's not fun.
There must be some part of him that thrives on chaos, because adding booze to what already feels like a very thin line they're toeing here? They might as well be staring at it from space for how much it keeps dwindling.
The whole thing happens too quickly for Castiel to mask his surprise at being brushed off so spectacularly.
Dean isn't dumb enough to smirk at Naomi, except. Okay, he's definitely that dumb, because he's smirking. Totally boastful, too, because it makes him all tingly inside when Cas gets assertive like that.
