"Can you keep a secret?" The young policeman asked nervously, looking around to see if no one could hear him. At that moment, Sylvie came by and picked up the last bits of words.
"There are only monsters," Sam replied shaking his head and closed the heavy iron door to the interrogation room. But Dean has been there before. If more by a stupid accident.
"One of my informants, I have to go there," Adam said as his phone rang and Dean's heart pounded faster. That was his chance, and he was not allowed to mess up that.
It was a hard time, and he missed his parents. Castiel always had the feeling of being alone. At some point, he took the big step and moved to Chicago to start a new life. Castiel was a fighter, and he had to earn everything in life. And this effort was rewarded. He was finally firefighter, now was the time to prove himself and he was determined to be the best.
Slowly he calmed down again, occasional sobs became a soft whimper, until only the beeping of the heartbeat was heard on the monitor.
After thinking about it again, as he lay sleepless on the couch, he could have slapped himself for thinking something of Dean, and his husband probably thought now ... He did not want to imagine that. Not after all that the two had gone through.
"Just a bright guy," Dean joked, because he knew no answer, possibly because he was human, but cleared his throat because his counterpart was not funny. "Listen. I want to go back because here, there is absolutely ... nothing?!"
The strong pains robbed him of the air to breathe, which was very barely anyway and lying on his back, he closed his eyes.
Burgess was tired of the office staff. Her friends were in danger, and she had to participate. Of course, she was scared, but that, in turn, made her adrenaline go up.
After all, he had saved him once before. But now he tried to follow the conversation that was taking place somewhere. He was still in the hospital?
Suddenly he heard a murmur close to him, and more voices joined in. Startled, he turned in all directions as he slowly heard someone clap his hands.
Sighing, the hunter shook his head, but Gabriel was right. He could not stay there. Meanwhile, the third day had dawned, and so they decided to put him in the cooling chamber.
"I can not, without you," he whispered with a quiver in his voice, and the pain that squeezed his heart almost took his breath away.
The younger man was still staring at him in confusion, and since it all went too slowly for Gabe, he rolled his eyes, snapped his fingers again, so he was also dressed and pulled Sam by the hand toward the cooling chamber.
Dean had slept for about five minutes that night. Although his wardrobe was in front of the broken door, he still sat on the couch with his gun in his hand.
Internalized the perfectly formed body that stretched out in pleasure and listened to the sensual sounds he could elicit his fiancé.
Everyone laughed and nodded, and the young policeman was a little embarrassed when Cas suddenly kissed him.
And shortly he had the idea to do this right in the shower, but at the last moment, he could rely on his self-control. To see the trembling body in front of him, which was just as hard to hold on to, and the certainty that it was he who had it in his hands how this should end up for Dean made him growl happily.
Suddenly he felt a pull in the groin and put as naturally a hand on his testicles. It was Dean who dealt with his balls more often, so it was not until now that he realized what he meant a few days earlier.
But already on the second day, each of the three had decided to do everything possible to bring him back. There was always a way out. They had experienced that more than once in their lives. And even though it was the same every time that neither of them wanted to be fetched back, nobody stuck to it.
As he felt two hands on his butt grab tight and push him farther to the other body, their mids pressed against each other and the heat seizing every corner of his body, he could not help but moan out loud as if it was the first time he did experience. Again and again, it was the need to breathe, which separated both struggling for breath, but never too long, too much they longed for each other.
The dark blonde was still lying in bed motionless and had to digest the impressions first because he had seen his fiance completely naked for the first time. Then he jumped up fast, got rid of his boxer shorts because he wanted to see more.
Way too soon it was over, and Dean let go with a loud smack and held the cup to that small opening to catch the hot splashes. Still, Cas had clenched his hands firmly into the strong shoulders of his husband, twitching and gasping until the last drop had reached his goal.
Dean was not a monster and allowed him a brief breather, which he used to slide his fingers through the black hair that adorned Cas's chest.
"Sure Dean-o. Talk about that until you believe it yourself. I see it in your eyes, and I can feel it too. This yearning. This desire. This passion, if you both ... "
With his last strength, he crawled forward on the cold ground and finally got the pistol between his slippery fingers, which he held with his trembling hands.
Dressed and ready to finally get home, he sat on his bed with his cell phone. He had already signed all the forms and said goodbye to everyone.
"I have never been to Alaska and have never shown any interest in it. But for some reason, I was in Alaska again and again, and it was so beautiful," he marveled as all eyes were fixed on his lips.
For a moment he closed his eyes and lost himself in that moment, but not too long, because he wanted to see it. Wanted to see Dean's head bobbing up and down, wanting to see into the glowing emerald eyes that fixed his, wanting to see his husband enjoying it as much as he did.
A few minutes passed without anyone saying anything. Dean, because he had to sort out the impressions of the previous experience, and Cas because he was mentally trying to calm his aching penis.
Not only did not the alarm sound, but he had also slept through almost eleven hours at a time. He had a good conversation with the chaplain the day before, had regained his courage and talked about all his worries from his heart. And, dammit ... He had slept through the night for days. Somehow he felt good that morning, really good.
Anyway, that was in such a place called 'Empty'. That's exactly what happened to him. Darkness. Nothing.
In the lounge of the guard 51, he then met the others of the crew before he responded to the alarm again a little scared.
A click made both turn around. Gabriela stood behind them with a mischievous smile and when she showed her cell phone, they looked at each other with something that could only be called 'hearty eyes'.
"September 18th," he replied, wondering if there was anything special, but then shrugged and looked at his brother questioningly.
"The universe was so tired of watching you, two idiots. To watch you at your eye-fuck, constantly these deliberate or accidental touches and nothing has happened. We had all bets on it, and a deal is a deal. Ten years are over. You surely know that. And since you two fools could not confess your love to each other, one of you had to die. Plain and simple."
Now it was he who was nervous. After all, it was a long time ago, and he did not want to hurt him. But damn, he wanted it so badly, just like Dean did.
Even so, Castiel was in a mess of emotions. One second he thought that everything would be all right again, but the next one he was devastated again and broke into another crying fit that made him tremble.
"Kim. Nice that you're finally here," Cas groaned as he tried in vain to close the cufflinks himself.
"He's tough. Do not worry," he replied with a pat on the back and went to the car to get some water.
Maybe it was soppy, maybe it was the sheer hopelessness that made him say that, but Dean was sure, and even if those were the last minutes they had together, he did not want to live with the certainty of having that question never asked.
For almost a year now, Cas was in, currently retired, but he could not wait to get involved again. In a quiet minute, as the sensitive fireman briefly thought, he had tears of emotion in his eyes.
"Yesterday, a woman was standing at our door, holding a cell phone and asking if a Dean would live here. He would have forgotten his cell phone with her. Apparently you two were not on guard right now, and Platt gave her our address, "the fireman sniffled and gratefully accepted the handkerchief Kim handed him.
A soft sigh escaped the dark blond, and he lowered his eyes sadly because now he was even more afraid to tell him what he felt.
With a nod and a hug, Cas brought the two women to the door, and when he returned to the living room, he found Dean sitting on the couch, burying his head in his hands.
Yes. Certainly. But not just for fun, but only when the brothers had a case where they needed help. And besides, that day had a meaning now. Dean sighed and opened the first beer.
Until a few hours ago, Dean would not have believed that sentence would come his way, but when he looked into the beaming eyes of his fireman, he knew that was the right decision.
"That looks very much like our witch," Sam murmured, continuing to scurry down and read everything through what was written.
Sighing, Cas held the upset policewoman in his arms and stroked her back, trying to calm her down while watching Dean.
With a swing, Dean pushed open the door and knelt on the floor to make sure that he was alone. Like a climbing acrobat, he balanced on one of the sinks and opened the window. It was not big, and he had to work hard. The sweat stood on Dean's forehead as he sent a thousand prayers to heaven, leaving him undetected.
Dean sent him the best wishes from the entire police and fire brigade team, and even if they were not allowed in intensive care, he should know that everyone thought of him. At that moment, the sensitive firefighter felt so loved that he had tears in his eyes.
With the nurses, he understood better and insisted on doing some things himself, even when it came to an 'accident'.
That evening, Dean had made a decision. He did not want to go home. He missed the closeness of his husband. So he took off his shoes and jacket and thought for a moment how to do it. The bed was way too small for two full grown men.
"Love hurts sometimes, you have to go through it now because I'll never let you go again," Dean laughed before sitting down on the bed and taking Cas's hand in his.
Cas was no different. Part of him told him that he should at least take off his pants, but another part did not want to move away from his fiancé. Dean brought a hand between both erections, stroking, squeezing and rubbing faster and faster.
When he saw the motionless body a few paces away and felt the barrel of the pistol against his forehead, he had already finished his life in thought. Without Cas, he did not want to go on living, and if the bullet did not kill him, it would be the fact that Castiel had been killed by his guilt. A last shaky breath came from his lungs before he closed his eyes and heard the click as the man unlatched his weapon.
"If I'm not at home, Cas or 51, I'm at the police station," he mumbled but knew she did not mean it that way.
"I love you," the dark blond breathed and clasped her hands tighter, waiting eagerly for a kiss, but his husband forfeited him. Instead, he sat at the edge of the bed and sipped his coffee while ignoring Dean.
"Nobody," the other mischievously grinned as he made himself comfortable on Sam's lap and put his arms around his neck. "By the way, sweetie. When do we actually have our anniversary?"
With a wave of his hand, he let Cas enter the treatment room, pointed to a chair, and closed the door behind him before sitting down at the desk.
There was not much to see except rocks, three small fires and an incredible amount of dust and smoke. Coughing and panting, he stood up, which was not easy, so he decided to crawl on his knees. Again and again, he called for Adam.
"Let's see if the fire rages among us," Casey said as he was the first to get off the aerial ladder to the roof. "Otis, hack a hole in the roof. Cas, open the skylight!"
"Okay, listen," he began, sitting down on the edge of the bathtub and taking a deep breath, searching for words. He gently stroked the back of his husband, whose head was buried between his arms.
He breathed one last time and wiped his damp hands on his pants before he took Cas's hands in his and looked deep into his eyes.
And when he was left to his own, he had a series of dreams, some of which reflected reality, some of which consisted of imagined scenarios, and some were controlled by his own mind.
Everything had healed perfectly, only a scar reminded of his terrible event. Cas had some guardian angels watching over him.
"Maybe we got married too soon, or he wanted to go back to a woman ..." he sighed, wiping the tears from his face with the sleeve of his shirt and taking a sip of coffee while Kim just looked at him and did not know what she should say. She could only be there for him.
"Not that," he chuckled as he felt an emptiness he wanted to be refilled. "Dude, I'll cum if you continue to rub at the pace ... and now put your fingers back in where they were!"
"That sounds bad, but we discovered it early enough. The chance is not bad that we get that under control. We will monitor him and can only wait and hope that the meds take effect. Cas is a fighter. It will be alright."
The dark-blonde waved off because that was second-rate now. On the phone stuck a sticky note with the inscription to play the video when he was alone. The question of who had put it in his locker was uninteresting, for he wanted to know what was going on. But Antonio made no move to leave and so the other had no choice but to press the button.
"That's nice," Dean slurred sleepy, and with his eyes closed, he clasped his husband even tighter. With a smile, Castiel grabbed the strong hands that lay around his chest and leans his head back.
During the meal, he ran his thumb slowly over Cas's lips and whispered in his ear that he was horny and wanted to disappear with him.
The young firefighter felt the rush and panic around him. His last thought was for his husband before his eyes closed and darkness surrounded him again.
To reduce the risk of infection, all unnecessary additions came out of the body and antibiotics in, an infusion three times a day.
Both noses pressed against each other's neck, as they lazily rode out their orgasms and slowly came back to normal breathing.
"Oh wait, I have something else there," the young policeman grinned, reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a simple silver ring.
"Dean," the angel whispered and stroked his cheek. He looked peaceful as if sleeping. But Cas's heart was heavy because he knew he was not sleeping.
"I think you should take care of me," he sighed, settling heavily on the bench before giving him a sexy look. "Can you take me home ... I'm ... I think I'm a tiny bit drunk."
While Adam was still wondering why his sergeant had told him via mobile radio to get a clearance vehicle as quickly as possible, his own car turned as automatically.
Cas's legs widened automatically as the other one slid down and in a hoarse voice he demanded more, but Dean took his time.
The young firefighter opened the door for the men, and Dean could barely catch his partner as she sank to the floor, crying.
"Forgetting is better than never having got it," he replied cheekily, taking a friendly punch in the side. He was happy to be back, without fear.
That blood curdling scream coming from Boden's radio made Dean wince, handing a water bottle to one of the injured, saying everything would be all right. In no time he rushed to the Chief and looked at him questioningly. When he told him that his husband and Ruzek were still in the building, Dean immediately wanted to join them.
"Do not worry, he's getting sedatives, remedies for the infection and to strengthen the circulation and organ functions, as well as many fluid infusions, he's going to sleep now."
"See, those little sins punish God immediately," the young policeman smirked, giving him something to drink. But that hurt even more and shaking his head, the black-haired man waved.
It took a moment, but then Cas raised his head sighing, looking into his husband's warm, kindly eyes, and knew right then that he had to stop bathing in self-pity. He was right. It was the way it was, and nobody could change that, you could only make the best of it.
After that, he stayed. Five minutes, ten minutes. Again and again, his gaze went to the bathroom door, but there was no sound except the swoosh of the water.
"So hard for me ... Cas," Dean growled between hot kisses and every minute movement sent electric shocks through their bodies.
"I think you should throw yourself in your suit, kid," he replied, placing one hand on his shoulder in a friendly manner.
"Cas ..." Gabriel muttered suddenly as he felt vibrations that he could not really classify. But he was sure something had happened.
The fire of passion screamed through his entire nervous system, and Cas had great difficulty not screaming. Again and again, he felt the thrusts crawling up his urethra.
Eventually, they had decided on a nice, not too big tree, Kim urged another to a punch that had warmed the four and together they also managed to strap the stubborn thing on Cas's car.
Sleep was out of the question anyway, and since the safest place was the guard, they spent the night there. Maddie survived this attack, thank God. But at least now Dean knew he was in serious trouble.
As Casey turned to face him from the passenger seat, he noticed Castiel staring at Otis, who steered the fire-truck and grinned.
So he sat in front of the TV for another two hours and tried not to fall asleep before making his way to the small eatery on the corner of Guard 21.
"Come on," Dean mumbled shaking his head as he heard the rapid heartbeat on the monitor and knew his husband would have preferred to be invisible. "In good times and bad, you know."
He had never experienced a human sacrificing himself for him, and he loved his man with every fiber of his being.
"Your wish is my command, my angel," he whispered back, leaning down and kissing him on the lips. With shampoo, he did not have anything else, he started to get ready, and Cas had to stop his work, because this incredible sight, as Dean's finger gradually disappeared slowly in his hole, almost brought the older man out of his mind.
Afterward, when they both sat in the car, Castiel felt suddenly bad, weak and sick. He tried to pull himself together, even if it was only for the reason that he did not want to worry Dean. Probably it was this hand that made light circles on his kneecap, maybe the soothing words and gentle voice he heard from his husband, but suddenly the switch in his head turned. His fear was replaced by a defiant, 'Ok, it's just that way, you have to go through'. Smiling, he looked at Dean, squeezing his hand as he turned the music louder with the other on the radio.
Kim hugged him and noticed with some reproach that an update was long overdue when Dean opened the door to Molly's.
"I'm a cop, and I can park where I want!" Dean shouted back, ignoring the finger, which was then shown to him.
"Dude. Completely wrong time, "the dark blonde policeman snorted and pushed him slightly in the side.
When he felt Dean's thumb rub lightly on the back of his hand, he took a deep breath and smiled at him.
The fireman drew in a sharp breath as he felt a hand under his nightgown, stroking his chest, taking turns taking his right and then the left nipple between his fingers, rubbing it lightly and teasing.
"Are you alright?" He asked worriedly when it seemed that things were not moving, and Dean adjusted and tried to relax.
And while he was still nodding, he felt that finger slipping all the way in, letting out a mixture of moan and gasp.
Should he wake Cas? Part of him said he should do that. The other part of him enjoyed this pleasant tingling but too much. But that's not how he wanted it, so he put a hand on Cas's shoulder and squeezed him softly but firmly until the black-haired man opened his eyes and froze as he became aware of the situation.
"A firefighter. You said you had difficulties with your freight elevator. He might take a quick look, right?" He said, winking more than once.
It was so nice to hear Dean's voice, and though the black-haired man was too exhausted to follow this quick and over-zealous sermon, it was that soft and affectionate voice that made his heart beat faster in the truest sense of the word.
"Come ... please wait in the corridor," she said, gently gripping the young policeman's arm, who instantly shook off angrily.
"Be quiet, you wake everyone else," this figure said, and on closer inspection, it turned out to be someone Dean knew better than anyone else.
Even though Cas kept telling himself not to think about a specific person, his heart disagreed. Every time the name 'Dean' fell, his heart jumped.
Almost tenderly, Cas rolled up his sleeve and placed three kisses on his arm, causing Dean to blush.
One pushed the other and then it happened. Dean’s head hit unhappy a stone and there he laid; unconscious. The other two idiots quickly ran away while Sam leaned over his brother.
This has happened frequently lately. It was these nightmares that tormented his husband, the experience he had during this difficult time needed time to process. Again and again, he was overwhelmed by these emotions, which he could barely channel.
In his small office and a cup of hot coffee, he explained the details to Dean. Since he had already read a lot about it, the topic was not new.
Not two minutes later, the alarm sounded. But only for the ambulance. Gabriela threw Sylvie the car keys while walking and with blue light, they raced to the scene of the accident. According to the information, they were to find an old woman at the corner of a supermarket struggling with shortness of breath, but there was no one to be seen far and wide. Frowning, the two women stood together before Sylvie reached for the mobile radio.
Everything went really fast on the day of the surgery. After the shower he has shaved again, Dean made lewd remarks about his surgical gown and said that he could ask if he could keep it, then he got a sedative and was pushed into the operating room. From then on, it was getting dark, and the next thing he could remember was that he was once again in one of the recovery rooms, and was pushed from there to the intensive care unit.
Cas had lost confidence. He did not want to constantly wonder what his husband did when he was not there. He had gotten so lost in thought and ignored his heart that told him he exaggerated excessively, and that that was not possible.
To be honest, he did not have the words, but that did not matter because when Dean noticed the wet eyes he blinked a few times with, he knew he had done everything right.
"You do not have to thank me," he smirked, nodding at Trudy, who had seen that look and was struggling to make it to the two men.
Any sense of time seemed lost as he crawled his way through the rubble. With his bare hands and last strength, he paddled one hole after another.
"I did not risk my ass for you, so you give up now. We did it right away. If necessary, I carry you, and if that does not work, I'll drag you out of your hair here. Do you hear?"
As the body of the other hardly moved, Cas suspected that Dean had fallen asleep and became more courageous.
To be promoted to the first floor because it was about real cases, this was the dream of every patrolman.
"Well, well ... not a step, stay calm," the dark-skinned man grinned, flashing a gold tooth as he waved his pistol in front of Dean's face.
"You. Cas, you are the most beautiful and wonderful thing that has ever happened to me in my life. Your eyes, your lips ... "
Ok, admitted. The two had already managed to make that angel a bit more relaxed, but under 'celebrate', Dean understood something different. Girls, booze and lots of fun.
Until he heard Dean purring, which made him smile. His second hand was not idle, sensually groping the sensible places between his legs and smiling again when he noticed how Dean automatically spread his legs even further.
Well, it was just one word. A small word that had already destroyed the lives of many people. Cancer. The fireman could not believe that life had condemned him.
"The sooner we put him behind bars, or six feet under, the better. He, or maybe several of them, is after the Fire Department and the Police Department. I will not let that happen."
"That he was drinking with Severide and his battery was empty, so they went home with the two girls. He fell asleep on the couch while Severide was having a good time. Who knows what else he did in the two weeks ...?!"
All cards were put on the table, and nothing was kept a secret anymore. Dean's heart was a little easier after that because he had shared everything with the others and was sure that nobody would say a word about it.
"About what? I told you.I'm ok.Cas. let..it..go." Dean barked out sharply glaring at the older man in front of him.Dean didn't mean to snap at him it's just he wasn't ready to face what was going on with him and Castiel.. so he tried his best to bury it and ignore it as long as he could. But everyday it kept getting more difficult especially with the build-up tension around them in their atmosphere.
Dean chuckled lightly.”okay. Thanks.” he said grabbing his coat from the back of the couch & slipping it on. He walked with ellen to her front door thanking her one more time before heading out towards his babies.
Castiel groaned throwing the remote down on the couch.” i’ve fought demons angles the devil everything in between but this damn remote hates me.” he groans talking to himself as he molps his way over to deans kitchen grabbing a beer from the fridge. Just then out of nowhere he hears a loud crash coming upstairs from deans office. He paused quietly placing his beer can on the kitchen table & quietly creeps his way upstairs to deans office, once he inside the room he quickly exiams the room sliding his angel blade out of coat steeve. Just then he’s set flying around the room & crashing down roughly on the floor. He goes to jump to his feet but is pushed back down looking up he sees a demon on top of him punching him in his face. Once castiel gets a look at the demons face he sees the demon blow some type of dust in his face. The last thing he remembers hearing before passing out is the demons name: Yellow Eyes..
Dean groaned looking down as he rolled his eyes “look i’d really love a history lesson here rubys,but heres the thing i could care less,you were a evil stuck up barbie who tortured me & my brother for years then turned on us when daddy came to visit & as for ben i know thats not my friend ben cause guess what princess?"i torched his bones, so whatever sick fuck you have pretending to be ben,well he’s just that. and when I get out of here" dean looked sternly at Ruby eyeing her intensely"& I will get out of here.& I will make sure you're actually stay dead this time"
“Fucking ruby,who else? Shes got a sidekick pretending to be ben,come on lets just get out of here before they come back i’m really not in the mood to fight right now.” dean said softly.
"i'm sorry dean,let me see your hand please,i can heal you." castiel said stepping closer into the Winchesters personal bubble.reaching out to touch his fingers.
“I dont know castiel but if anyone can find him i know its you, clair said she’d help you with a locator spell.” jack said looking down.
Dean fowed his eyebrows in confusion and turned around seeing castiel standing behide him. He grinned widely as he got up from the barstool and embraced cas in a tight hug.
The person from behind him chuckled before dean felt a hot breath on his earlope sucking on his ear lightly before grabbing dean by his throat holding him in place.”no but it is fun to watch you squirm.” the older man chuckled.
“Who said i’m running? I’m just collecting myself. But your right you shouldnt be involved in my business.” dean said sharpy as he finished off another beer slamming the glass down on the table before standing & grabbing his jacket off the backend of the barstool & storms outside towards his baby.
sorry ya'll for posting so late i havent had much inspo to write the next chapter but thanks to my girlfriend jess for the support she pushed me through to finally got around to posting it! i hope ya'll enjoy! thanks so much for all the love & support.-E
“Cas,its so good to see you.What the hell happened last I saw you. You were sucked up by the empty.” Dean said hugging castiel a bit to long before pulling away.
Castiel just hummed but nodded his head.”you’re always welcome,i’m just glad your safe, now lets go we need to figure out how to stop ruby & her hunch men.” he said walking ahead of dean to protect him from any in coming intruders.
Castiel bit his lip hard as he turned to face sam” thats what i’m trying to do, i’ll be back soon.” castiel said as he disappeared out of sams sight.
“great, whats not to love? I have everybody here,mom and dad are down the street from me,Sammy to the left of me,bobby heres too."along side everyone else. And then theres you." I'm glad you made it here cas,theres something I think we need to discuss a little later on,yanno about what you said.” Dean said turning away to take a big sip from his beer again.
Castiel stood there for a few moments letting dean have a go at him. he knew he deserved this. he knew this man was right. maybe at that time when they were conquered & lost all hope cas didnt see it the same way as dean. but he doesn't regret his decision to save deans life. he never will.
“I wouldnt be so sure about that dean, you see ben here loves me, we've came to a mutual understanding, you are the reasons why we died & got stuck into hell, so you get to be our escape isnt that right ben? Like the time he stabbed you & thought you meant it, dean did you ever think that ben was possessed?”
dean bit his lip hard so hard he felt blood. "i think i need some time alone,please just go." he said barely audible...
Dean didnt know how to face this. he knew sooner or later he'd have to- but right now drowning out into his misery through his beer felt like a better option. he didnt have to feel anything Expect the wonderful cripsy taste of his ice cold beer running down his throat. he was drunk by the time he finished off his 13th beer or was it 17th? dean couldn't remember. he drunkenly made his way into his bed & fell asleep quickly his mind still racing with thoughts of castiel. sometimes even alcohol cant numb our problems. but this was a start for dean.
Dean chuckled lightly”what makes you think i’ve done something.come on i cant just visit an old friend?” dean said slipping his jacket off & going to sit down on her living room couch.ellen joined next to him shorty after grabbing both another beer.
Dean coughed & tried to clear his throat before speaking again “ben, come on man i know you better then this, what are you doing? “Dean begged looking up at the vampire he once called family. All while dean was using his backup pocket knife to slice through the ropes.
Cas rolled his eyes & groaned lowly as he slowly started picking items up & deans clothes off the floor & placing everything back in its rightful spot.
“Ohh meg,i should've known it was you" just couldn't stay away from my charm long enough hm?”dean hummed out passed a groaned from the knife that was twisting in his intestines.
everytime dean thought about it to long it had felt like lemons being sliced open on fresh new cuts.The moment kept replaying in deans mind. he could see castiel face, his lips, his beautiful blue ocean orbs looking at dean with so much intensity, love & admiration.
Castiel sighed deeply looking down placing the now empty beer bottle on the coffee table before standing."Dean..."I think we need to talk first."Cas said walking over to Dean.
“Dean?” castiel whispered making sure not to alert any one planning a pounce attack on him. He hears dean groaned from the far back of the barn & quickly makes his way towards the older winchester. he comes in front of dean a few minutes later finding him bound to a chair.
Dean thanked her screwing the top off throwing on the coffee in front of him & took a large sip before placing it down on the table.
He couldn’t understand why cas would leave him like he did. In Dean's lifetime he's gotten used to losing everybody he's ever gotten close with. But this was different. Cas was truly dead there was no loophole to get him out of it. Dean felt his heart crumble into a million pieces after castiel died. Dean didn’t know how to cope. He lost somebody that meant the absolute world to him in a second & there was nothing he could do to bring cas back.
Dean looked away from castiel intense look & grabbed his phone and keys off of his table by the front door. " that's not your choice to make" Dean says as he quickly rushed out of the house ignoring cas's pleads.
Dean looked down at his hands before speaking” yeah i did with a women.its different with a guy, i’ve never felt this way about anyone. That what scares me.”
Dean had so much built up anger & frustration towards the angel.he knew that lashing out wouldn't help considering they were both stuck here for eternity. Dean was grateful that he was surrounded by everybody he loved especially after the life that he had lived for so long....he just couldn't help this anger that had washed over him suddenly. But it wasn't just anger he was also heartbroken. Dean's a good person at burying his emotions..but castiel knew him better than anybody else besides Sam. Castiel knew this man. He could read him like a book. He could see that his posture was tensed and that something was wrong.
“Please,we need your help castiel." Jack who was quiet for a few moments before he spoke again his voice filled with panic and fear." Cas...it’s dean." He’s been kidnapped.” Jack begged over the otherline. “I come to check on him like I normally do". But when I arrived here his car was missing which was abnormal but then upon arriving into his house that's when i had found him missing from his home". Whoever took him is a lot stronger then me cause i locked the gates to enter unless you’re one of my guards.” jack said.
Castiel heard the loud ringing of his cell phone ringing in his pocket. Quickly jumping into his BMW, he slipped his phone in the phone case on top of his dash board responding”Hello?” as he shut his door & started up his car engine waiting to hear the other persons response on the other line.
“Aw come on ben, let him go now.” the women said from in front of dean. Dean tried to make out who this women was becoming from the darkness but he was unable to see her fully.
Without a second thought castiel took his keys out the engine & flew over to deans house reappearing in front of the blink of jacks eyes.
Jo looked at dean sadly before sighing & placing another beer glass on the table. “You know dean i dont get involved in your business but you should really talk to him, you cant run from your problems forever.” jo said as she wiped down the bars tabletop next to him.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows in confusion before speaking.”No dean.i-i need you to truly know why i sacrificed myself. It wasnt to leave you & sammy or even jack.” it was to save you,dont you get it? Everything ive ever done was to protect you. I rebelled against the angels multiple times. I faught heaven.hell.the devil,the leviathan's.everything, I've ever done.. I did all of it for you.”
Castiel reappeared at a beaten down old barn in the middle of nowhere. He sighed heavily hoping clair’s locator spell actually worked & dean was inside. He quietly tracked around the outside & backyard of the barn- finding nobody around. He furrowed his eyebrows in confusion- where are they? He thinks as he makes his way back around to the front entrance of the barn. he freezes when he hears muffled voices echo from inside.
“No sam,its okay i- i was just leaving i think i might have a lead on deans whereabouts". But i need you to stay here & keep tabs on if he comes back." you know dean would kill me literally if anything happened to you. Especially with you having a child now.” castiel said as he exhaled deeply.
Dean prayed & continuously hounded jack to help him. He’d do anything. But there was nothing he could do. He tryed every single thing he could think of, it was always left to a dead end. So the only thing he knew he could do just like all the other times he’d been let down in life or abandoned by his father family & lost everything that he held close to his heart. - Save People.. But now that things had changed since chuck had been defeated & jack had took over the role of god.
A whimper snapped Dean from his slumber and he was awake instantly. Cas. He rolled over onto his side and wrapped Cas in his arms, rolling him until Cas's nose was buried in Dean's neck. He stilled and relaxed after a few moments, making Dean breathe his own sigh of relief. Nightmares. He should've guessed Cas would get those, honestly. Considering his past and his abusive upbringing he'd be surprised if Cas wasn't pretty fucked up. It'd be just his luck. They both had pretty shitty pasts so he guessed it was understandable that they both have issues. Crap. He'd been dreaming of Sammy again.
"With your family. With society in general. I really don't care about society's view of things, though perhaps you might. But I do care about what your family will think. They are important to you."
Dean groaned and pulled off the side of the road as quickly as he could. He turned around in his seat to face the demon with a hard stare. "What do you want, Crowley?" Crowley had the gall to act offended but he smiled as his keen eyes fell on Cas who looked a little freaked out. He was wearing a pitch black suit, as usual, and his snarky smugness was firmly in place much to Dean's irritation. "What? No grand introduction? Even you have better manners than that Squirrel." Dean sighed. He really didn't want to do this right now. "Cas, Crowley, Crowley, Cas." Surprising Dean, Cas didn't extend his hand out like had before. He just cast a wide-eyed look at Dean, and he could smell fear on him. That was not okay. "Excuse me, I think you mean, Crowley, esteemed gentleman, King of the Crossroads, and current ruler of Hell. Not at your service." His grin was sickening and he smelt the sour tang of Cas's fear thicken in the car's interior. "Crowley, out."
"You're gonna like this Cas." Dean grabbed his ankles and hauled him down the bed until he was laying flat on his back with Dean on his knees in between his spread legs. Castiel's cock was standing erect, arching up towards his abdomen. He was aching to be touched. Dean smiled again before dropping to his elbows and leaning in to press a light kiss to the base. Castiel gasped when his tongue started running up his length. Dean swirled his tongue around the tip slowly, digging pre-come out of the slit and it made Castiel want to cry out, but he couldn't. He fisted his hands into Dean's hair and pulled, not worried about it hurting a vampire. Dean groaned. Suddenly his entire cock was encased in the hot, wet heat of Dean's mouth and it was glorious. His hips jerked up, thrusting into Dean's mouth on reflex. Large hands clamped down on his hips and held him to the bed in an iron grip so he had to just lie back and take the delicious torture of Dean's mouth seemingly trying to suck all the blood he had in his body into his cock.
The deep blue plug looks lovely nestled in between Dean's cheeks. He thought it would. He's glad that Dean chose that one, though number three, the purple dildo, would've been fun too. This plug vibrates, and he can't wait to startle Dean with that. He's definitely not going to expect it. Castiel picks up the remote and thumbs the button for a moment, thinking, but decides to wait until the opportune time. Castiel licks at the fleshy underside of Dean's cock and revels in the taste. He loves it. He knows some people don't, but he's definitely got the taste for it. He loves the delicious little sounds he pulls out of Dean as he works his tongue over his length. It's delightful, and it's making his hard-on throb with want. He can't wait to fuck Dean stupid while he's tied up and hanging from Castiel's ceiling.
Dean gets out, keys jingling in his hand, and he hears Sam do the same as he pops the trunk.  Two shovels (because God forbid that Cas actually help them dig up the body), the gas canister, a box of salt, and a shotgun, just in case.  He closes the trunk and tosses a shovel at his brother, who catches it easily in one hand.
“Wait, Dean and this Cas person? Who is Cas?” John had switched from lemonade to whiskey with a splash of lemonade, if they were going to have this kind of conversation about his kid. Mary rolled her eyes and made a face at Jack, who smiled that closed-lipped smile back at her.
“Son, where do you think you’re going?” Dad said, voice raised, as Dean stalked towards the back gate.
But, since it was Heaven, it was surprisingly comfortable and easy to join them, sitting on the porch having a beer or reading a book by the fire in the most comfortable reclining chairs Dean had ever sat in, in his entire life.
“If you want to know the truth,” Dean’s voice made Cas jump, the sound unexpected and oddly vulnerable. “At first, I was mad. Because how could you hold on to all of that, all of those feelings for, what, ten years? A goddamn decade? More? And then decide the time to dump it all on me was the minutes before you were about to throw yourself under the bus for me, to take the bullet for me. Die for me.” Dean’s voice broke on the last word and he cleared his throat.
“We’re around back,” John called out, from his hammock strung up between the two largest oak trees in their yard. He waited to see who would be coming through the gate this time, both looking forward to and dreading the moment both his boys appeared in Heaven.
It hits him that Castiel sound pretty fatalistic.  Like it was inevitable that they were going to lose.
So, the day that Dean arrived in Heaven, it should have been easy for Jack to simply steer Castiel to Dean’s location and thrust them together, like any child who wants his divorced parents to get back together has dreamed of, with the hope that they’d work it out between them and find that stable place of happiness and peace.
"You did a good thing, Dean.  She needed your help and you gave it.  No one can ask for more than that."
“What did you want to talk about?” Cas asked, trying to infuse his voice with everything positive he could come up with.
There was a rug in between the fireplace and the couch, a low coffee table sitting on top of it. They were sitting, one on each side of it, each with a beer, while Dean shuffled the deck of cards he’d found in the coffee table’s center drawer.
“There are a lot of books out there about children of divorced parents or parents who were never in a serious relationship before the child came along and-“
“Why not? We’re in Heaven. Of all the things we were worried about on earth, none of them are here.”
It was in the moment that Jack allowed himself to just be still and let all of existence settle around him, when the final grains of sand stopped moving and the water was clear again that he realized that, while Sam and Dean were still on earth and safe, Castiel was still in the Empty.
And suddenly, she's right there in front of him, her face just inches from his.  Her eyes were blue, he sees now, and she's carrying around a sorrow that he hopes he never knows.  She raises her hand to his face but doesn't touch him.  She smiles, softly, the saddest smile he's ever seen, and then she's in the grave, standing on top of her own coffin, which Dean thinks would be weird as shit.  She looks at him and he just knows that she's ready.
He stomps up to the front of the car and crosses his arms in front of him.  The woman in white's face turns toward him and he meets her eyes, waiting.
“Dean, if you want me, you have me. For as long as you’ll keep me. It’s all… it’s all I’ve wanted. I’m yours.”
“Did Jack tell you I was coming?” Dean asked, instead of commenting on his mother’s desire to seem like she knew everything.
The car skids into the intersection, Dean's hands tight on the wheel, his breath catching in his chest.  He can hear the brakes grind and the squeal of rubber burning onto the road.  He grits his teeth to keep from shouting out.  The Impala finally stops and he can hear the wind in the trees just over the rumble of the Impala's engine.  He checks on his passengers, both still asleep (and how is that even possible?), then looks back to the road.
"You have got to be shitting me, lady."  Dean growls the words out, low and just to himself.  It would probably be a good idea to wake Sam up and get this taken care of.  The woman in white it still looking at him, eyes dark and empty.
Dean didn’t know how you brought up your dad’s Baby Mama, whom you hadn’t known about at all until the worst-case scenario had happened, and now, all three parents, as it were, were in Heaven. Together. But that was the thing. Were they together? Like, did Kate come over for dinner? Did she stay at the house? Did Dad spend time with her? Like
“What’s happening?” Cas stepped towards the center of the room, his hands starting to come up but then he pulled himself back, as though he was keeping himself from doing something he knew he shouldn’t. The Cas from
Love that matched his own, a lock sliding into a key. A perfect fit. He’d been too caught up in his own self-pity that he’d missed it.
kid on instinct and that he wasn’t trying to be overprotective of Cas, who had, as far as Dean had known until he made it to Heaven, been
The lights hadn’t come back on but the fridge was running, which Dean had considered a win, and it didn’t seem too terribly cold in the room, although since it was Heaven, if it did get cold, it was because someone or something had willed it to be so. Cas was a bit concerned as to how far Jack was willing to go to get the result he wanted out of their current predicament.
,” Jack snaps at Dean, his normal patience clearly having worn thin. “I know what happened, Dean. I know what he told you. And I know what’s in your heart, too. So, stop being an
“We ate, we had coffee, we got engaged, I’d say now we head back to the bed and bang like rabbits for, oh, the next decade or so.”
Cas is sleeping in the backseat, his mouth open, a line of drool working its way down his chin, the wet of it shiny in the moonlight.  Sam’s asleep in the front passenger seat, right temple resting on the cold glass.  Condensation rings out from the point of contact.
Maybe it was the idea of having a taste of the thing he wasn’t actually allowed to have. He’d rather have never known, he thought, than have to know what it could be like and have to live without it for the rest of his existence.
With that, Dean pressed forward and took Castiel’s mouth in a more passionate kiss, much less gentle, and pulled the two of them closer together on the bed.
And yet, there was Cas, spilling his heart all over the floor in a word tsunami, the force of which was so strong that it had swept away Dean’s ability to talk, to think critically, to do something, anything to keep Cas from getting pulled into an eternity of torment and all for Dean. Because Cas loved him and didn’t think he, Cas, was good enough for Dean.
“Dean? What about Dean?” John barked, his brain going straight to ‘the boys are in trouble, what do I do’ mode. He forgot all about looking cool as he bolted out of the hammock and thundered his was over to the other two, honed in like a missile.
Cas just started laughing and lay back with his arms spread out, his laughter edging closer and closer to hysteria. “Oh, Jack, yes. Yes, I need a chair.”
Thing is, Jack actually knew both of them and even before he’d gained Chuck’s powers and knowledge, Jack knew that that tactic would never work between his two… dads, for lack of a better term.
“Dean Winchester, how dumb do you think I am? I have eyes and I’ve known you over half your life. I know that a) you got feelings, b) you got feelings about that damn angel, and c) you haven’t ever told him, because you’re
Dean rolled his eyes towards his dad, but let her lead him towards the food. There was a pie in the center of the table, perfectly browned and crisp, and Dean just knew it was apple. Hell yeah.
“Yes!” Jack beamed at Castiel, smiling at him with that close-lipped smile of his. Cas took a step backwards and fell to the floor, his legs not holding him up, his face grey and thin. “Do you need a chair?” Jack asked him.
“I’m not entirely sure?” Cas said but it was more a question than anything else. “Jack asked me to take something to his office and I did, and then, I walked back out but then I was here. Where is here, exactly?”
Now that Jack had the wisdom of God and the understanding of the original creator, he knew that it was much more complicated than that, that he’d been so naive about all of it, even with Sam trying to help without making things harder than they needed to be.
He parked Baby in the driveway, under the carport overhang his father had built just for the Impala, and headed to the backyard, where he could hear the stereo blasting what sounded like Boston. The gate unlatched and swung open like the hinges had been oiled with butter, smooth and silent. He shut it behind him and headed down the flagstone path to the sprawling back yard.
He trails his fingertips along the training bench and smirks at the memory of Dean being draped across it. Everything had fallen into place as soon as he'd brought Dean down here. Castiel had realized
Castiel strokes Dean's inner thigh soothingly as he grabs the bottle of lube on the floor. He knows Dean is prepared enough, but Castiel loves the sloppy sounds of fucking, and he's sure Dean would appreciate the extra slick.
It was his business. And in the meantime, he stalked the guy that haunted his existence. It was approaching midnight rapidly and the party was just getting started. The streets seemed even more swamped than last year, but Dean wasn't having much of a problem with people getting in his way. That was probably because he was pissed. Zachariah was absolute filth, and Dean despised him. Dean had seen him grab Castiel by the back of the neck and yank him painfully through a throng of people an into a brick wall. No one had noticed, too drunk or too high to care, but Dean had. And he'd heard every word of what Zachariah had spit at him.
"Good. Because I wanted to add something to the mix." Castiel bends and grabs the nipple clamps from their place on the carpet and stands back up. He puts the chains over his shoulder and licks both his thumbs, then proceeds to rubs the pads of them over Dean's nipples. His mouth drops open in a pant, and he pushes his chest out against Castiel's touch. He smiles and murmurs, "Beautiful boy," as he begins to flick them. The pink color of Dean's flushed cheeks travels down to his chest, and his nipples are perky and pink.
“Oh, God.” Dean whimpers and his fingers stutter in their assault on Castiel’s prostate. They’re back with vigor when Dean realizes that Castiel will stop sucking if he stops finger fucking him. It continues like that for a while. A push and pull of sensual gratification. When Dean pushes against his prostate from the outside too, that’s when he loses it.
Dean pulls away with a laugh, amusement sparking his green eyes and a smirk playing on his lips. "So what's for breakfast? I'm starving."
"I want you to warm my cock. No sucking, no licking, no getting me hard. I don't want you to touch yourself. If you can behave I'll touch you plenty. How does that sound?" Dean nods again, his body twitching but calming now. Castiel removes his hand from Dean's mouth and encourages him to sit up wordlessly. Castiel shucks his pants off, laying them on the coffee table. He's not wearing underwear, having gone commando this morning, and he laughs at Dean's widened eyes. He sits back against the couch, sitting in his previous position.
"Dean. You're being rude." Castiel huffed. Dean gave him a side-eyed look but didn't say anything. "I would very much like to look around," Castiel said, hoping to placate the woman with manners. He didn't understand why Dean was being so rude. "Feel free." She gestured. "Just please don't touch anything."
Wide searching blue eyes found his and for a moment, Dean's world stilled. Later he would call it the ridiculous, but after that, he would grudgingly admit, only to Cas, that that had been the first moment for him. The first moment that he had known they had to become a 'them.' He had just known. He wanted Cas. It was an intensely emotional moment for two strangers, and it only stopped when Cas surged forward. Apparently trying to avoid as much awkwardness as possible he flew up the bed and settled in beside Dean. Dean wasn't sure whether to laugh or be worried. Cas brought his knees up to his chest and stared at Dean's wall on the other side of the room. After several minutes, Dean spoke. "Cas."
He likes the way Dean is looking at his home. He seems surprised by it if anything. Perhaps he was expecting a dungeon. That makes Castiel laugh. Dean looks at him with amusement.
"No." On edge now, Castiel turned around onto his left side and faced Dean who wore a relaxed expression. "What do you mean 'no'?" Dean raised his eyebrows haughtily. "Pretty sure you know what 'no' means, Cas. You're not talking to him." Castiel narrowed his eyes. "And why is that?"
"B-because it was awesome, and I, uh, enjoyed myself. I guess? I don't know. Why are you giving me the death glare?"
Castiel buried his nose further into Dean's shirts, breathing as deeply as he could, reveling int he absolutely amazing scent. "Wow," Dean whispered. Or maybe he didn't whisper, but Castiel was feeling a little dim. He couldn't... focus. What was- He was kind of starting to panic. What was wrong with him? Then Dean's soothing voice was penetrating his foggy mind. "It's okay, Cas. I've got you. You're safe. Tell me what you need." What did he need? Did he need anything? Oh... Maybe... "T-tired..."
Cas's eyes flash up at him, twinkling with mischief, "Yes, I do. In a different setting, I'd like to bend you over that table and-"
Just a soft sob through the wall from the apartment next to his. The walls were paper-thin, so he had heard the door slam when his neighbor had come home and when he'd come into the room next to Dean's. He knew it was the cute guy that lived there, but Dean didn't know his name. Dean'd been crushing on the guy a little bit since he moved in. Okay, maybe a-lot-a-bit, but that's all details. But maybe he could help the guy out. He sounded pretty torn up. Dean shut down his laptop and walked across his bedroom, listening for where the crying got louder. Right in the corner, he realized. Dean sat down against the wall and wondered for a moment if he was actually going to do this. But then he figured, what do I have to lose? Dean didn't even know the guy, they'd barely exchanged more than a few words to each other since the guy'd moved in six months ago. Dean leaned his head against the wall and listened to the soft cries for a minute before speaking aloud.
"You were so good for me, Dean. So good." Cas bites gently at his neck at the same time that his hand comes around Dean's hip to rub against his soft cock through his jeans, and Dean almost whimpers. Almost.
"Contemporarily, it's called Shibari. It's an ancient Japanese form of rope binding. I've studied it for years until I've perfected it. In BDSM circles here, I'm known as the Angel of Shibari. I'll tell you more about it later." Dean hums as Cas lays a hand on his thigh, teasing, "What it means for you now is that I have you fully at my whim."
Dean agrees wholeheartedly and sits up, his back curving and pressing his chest forward for a moment before sliding backward with Cas's guidance. Without being asked, Dean looks back at Cas and waits expectantly. The flash of surprise on Cas's face is palpable and makes him feel proud when Cas's breath hitches at his submission. "Take my cock in your hand and guide me inside, Dean. I can't wait to feel you."
The last words come out in a rush, and Dean looks away from Cas. He should've asked if Cas liked yesterday before saying that. Maybe Cas has been asking that because he didn't enjoy it. That would be a real kick in the balls, considering yesterday was one of the best days of Dean's life. Maybe he messed up too many times with the title or something. He knows Cas was wonderfully considerate yesterday as Dean was coming down, but maybe, he didn't enjoy the scene. Aftercare like that could just be a mark of Cas being a good Dom. A soft hand on his cheek brings him back to reality.
"It's not something I need if that's what you mean. Not the way I desire control. I haven't subbed for anyone in a very long time. It would be a great sign of trust, Dean. We aren't ready for that now, but in time, if you'd like, I'd be open to it."
"Sir," He whines, then nearly shrieks when Cas's thumbs plunge deeper, pulling him open wider and stretching his hole open for Cas's use. Dean's teeth dig into his bottom lip, and he closes his eyes, bowing his head down and resting it on Cas's thigh. He tries not to rock his hips back into the unimaginable pleasure. He'd never known sex could be this good
Castiel plays his hand lightly over Dean's chest, rubbing in small circles, gradually making his way towards the waistband of his pants. "My baby boy is greedy, isn't he?" Castiel murmurs.
Castiel knows that sentence holds a promise for Dean just like it does for him. He looks down at himself. He's wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Comfortable clothes. Most likely, that's what Dean will be in as well. Depending on how Dean is when he gets here will decide for Castiel whether or not he wants them to scene in the playroom or his bedroom.
The words have Dean shuddering in anticipation, and he spreads his legs in a clear invitation. "This is gonna be so good, Dean."
Silence falls between them and Dean tunes back into the cowboys. He's not sure there's any better way to spend the evening. They've got dinner plans for tomorrow night, but in the meantime, Dean doesn't have a ton in his fridge. He's just never here and he didn't do any grocery shopping yesterday.
No answer. Silence descends, and Castiel worries. He can see the call is still in progress. Where did Dean go? What's he doing? He's been silent for near a minute now. "Talk to me... Dean? Can you hear me? Talk to me, Dean. Please-"
"Uh, yeah. Sure, Cas." Cas slid across the seat until Dean's entire right side was touching Cas, and it was making him tingle. His scent was even stronger now, and he could detect worry, and sadness, and determination. "Dean, may I-"
Dean gently untucks his head and looks up at Castiel, his green eyes wide with uncertainty. And a bloody lip. Castiel's brow furrows, and he brings his thumb up to gently wipe at the blood.
Castiel nods, still incredulous. Cain speaks up as he settles back down behind his desk, "Son, are you in school?"
His wallet burns a hole in the back of his jeans all day long. He's hyper-aware of its existence. It feels really weird to actually spend money that he hasn't earned but he needs to. He hits the grocery store first and buys some much-needed supplies, enough so that he won't starve in the next couple weeks. He grabs deodorant and trash bags on his way to the register. He pays the pimply teenager who looks incredibly bored and loads his stuff into the trunk on autopilot. His thoughts are consumed with this mysterious stranger who was somehow kind enough to return his wallet. The fact that it had been in his mailbox still confuses the hell out of him.
Dean looks up at him. "I just... It felt weird being the only one naked. Like... Like on display or something, Sir. It just made me uncomfortable, I guess."
Cas growls and nearly leaps across the bed, and suddenly he's right there in Dean's face, eyes glinting dangerously. "Challenge accepted."
Cas rolled down the window and glared right at Zachariah as they passed him. Then he flung his middle finger out and yelled, "Bite me!" Dean was practically rolling in laughter but he maintained enough dignity to shout at Zachariah too. "Fuck you, Adler! Find a new little soldier!" And Dean drove off, trying not to convulse in laughter at Zachariah's enraged toady expression. He had gone red as a tomato and stiff enough that a good breeze would have blown his ass to Timbuktu. Dean laughed until he was in tears, which was awesome. When he was finally able to catch his breath he wheezed, "Whew! It's been a long time since I've laughed that hard."He chuckled. "Oh, it's been more than a long time. Years." Cas smiled at him. "I'm glad you find amusement in it, Dean."
"You keep asking me that. I continue to assure you that I do, despite only having known you for what? An hour? I trust you. Show me." A flash of an unreadable expression crossed his face but it was gone before Castiel could identify it. "Alright. Just... Be prepared, okay? Here goes nothing." Or everything, Castiel thought. It could be everything. He didn't know why he felt that way but he did. Dean closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. A soft growl escaped his throat and then a layer(?) of very sharp white teeth slid over in front of his normal ones. They were long and sharp, and there were many of them. They weren't like normal teeth at all. Castiel felt his heart start to beat wildly and he had to take a deep breath (or two) in order to gain control again. Dean was looking at him, those sharp green eyes assessing him, and ultimately unreadable. Okay. Okay. Vampires are real. Vampires are real. And apparently ghosts and werewolves and a nasty assortment of other things. Okay.
“How do we do this? I mean, just back like it was? I don’t… I’ve never done this before and everything’s so confusing all the time. You’re better at this than me.”
Dean nods and slowly pushes himself up, keeping his eyes closed because he doesn't feel like opening them. Dean ends up sitting between Cas's legs, leaning back against his chest. "There we go. Good. Now I need you to drink this, okay?"
his hole for the 1000th time since they started. Dean’s been teasing Castiel; raking his nails over his ass cheeks, sucking against his hole, licking him, stroking his cock now and then, but it’s never
The words have a positive effect on Dean. His face smooths, and the tension visibly eased from his body. He's instantly more comfortable.
Silence falls, but it's a soft, warm one. A few minutes later, Cas is sleeping soundly - his cute snores make Dean giggle. Sleep doesn't come for him though. His body is relaxed and warm, the air conditioning finally kicked in so the sweat on his skin is cooling finally and he grabs the blanket up to cover them both at least to the chest. He snuggles back in and continues thinking about their relationship. Even as new as it still is, it mostly doesn't feel that way. Of course, there are hundreds of things that he keeps finding out about Cas that he didn't know, but he likes that there's so much to learn, that there are still so many stories he has to hear.
The command flies through him, and all Dean can do is obey. Every nerve in him is screaming for him to do it. He feels it burning, building then - "Fuuuuck!"
He leans into the back seat and grabs his overnight bag. He's not sure how long he'll be here, but Dean's got everything he needs. He and Cas went over aftercare pretty thoroughly, and Cas already seems to know what Dean needs even when he doesn't, so he's not worried about that. Cas made him bring some stuff he finds comforting. That wasn't exactly a long list, but whatever.
Cas steps backward, and Dean walks in next to him, feeling very overdressed in his jeans and flannel. Cas shuts the door behind him and tilts his head a little. Cas's house is dark right now for some reason, and only the light from the sunset is coloring the air. It's a faint and watery light. The niche is dark and shadowed, only streaked with tangerine light that filters through the frosted glass. It creates a feeling of intimacy that Dean finds comforting. He revels in it.
Cas walks over and looks at John, who's laying on the ground. He's bloody and disheveled, his nose broken and his arms cradling his ribs. He levels his hate-filled eyes at Dean, but that no longer scares him. Somewhere amid the chaos, all the fear that Dean had felt had disappeared. Now he was empty, a barren desert left with nothing but dry hatred and anger. All those years of abuse, for what? Dean limps over to John and squats down. His hip screams at him but he ignores it. He looks John right in the face. He's close enough that he can see the bloodshot eyes and broken blood vessels across his cheeks from the years of hard liquor, and he can smell the rankness of his breath again.
The woman was still in the kitchen behind him, humming and doing dishes. That hadn't been Cas either, he was sure. Just to be safe he turned around and went to walk back down the hallway when the woman behind him screamed. He turned around got brained from behind. Pain registered, but only dully. He had to get to Cas. He pushed off the wall and turned to face the attacker. It was a big black dude that had appeared out of freaking nowhere. He was carrying a baseball bat. "Come on, big boy. Give me your best shot." Did this Mark Henry looking dude really just try to brain a vamp with a bat? Not a smart move. The guy grunted and swung the bat again. Moving with lightning speed Dean grabbed the bat and pulled it from his grasp before swinging it and connecting it with the dude's face who fell into the wall with a loud crash, crumbling some plaster, but didn't go down. This dude was human, what the hell was he doing trying to attack him?
"Dean Winchester." He can hear the sounds of the keyboard clacking in the background, and the tension in his chest is thick and heavy. It's making his palms sweat. He hates phone calls.
The bathroom door is closed. Castiel can hear the water running, though. Did Dean fall in the shower? Maybe Dean just slammed the door on accident. That could've been what woke Castiel. Tentatively, he allows some of the concern to wash away, but he still needs to check on Dean. He knocks on the door with his knuckle and waits. And waits. After a few more moments, Castiel raps again but met with the same result. Maybe Dean did fall.  More concerned now, Castiel opens the door. He mentally prepares himself to be met with the sight of blood, but there's nothing except his gleaming tile. It feels as if Castiel has stepped into a tropical jungle.  Steam is billowing out, and the heatwave is enough to make him sweat almost instantly. He’s suddenly glad that he didn't get dressed.
The noises get louder and the door bursts open, bodies tumbling into the floor, with another loud crash from outside. He recognizes the body on the floor as one of Cain's security people, but he gasps when he realizes who's behind him.
He's sexy as hell when he's awake. The intense eyes and the raised eyebrow coupled with that little smirk. It makes Cas hot as fuck. But right now, while he's sleeping, Cas is beautiful. Dean finally understands what he means by that. If Dean was the poetic type, he'd compare Castiel to a Renaissance painting. His dark lashes lay against his cheeks, and his face is relaxed and calm. He looks very at peace.
Dean smiles, "I know. Now go stand up there like you're supposed to. I've gotta walk up the damn aisle and you better not be laughing or I will smack you, wedding or not."
"How d'you know what I'm thinking, Cas?" Dean murmurs, looking down at him. Cas gives him a small smile in return. "Because your face cannot hide your emotions even when you try to. I don't have a child. If I did, I would've told you, I promise."
"Look at me!" He puts his finger under Dean's chin and pulls his face up until those eyes are meeting his. Those green, lustful eyes. "You're mine. And I'll never let anyone else have you."
It's a wee bit short, and I know I promised we'd see how dark Dean got, but I'll be sticking it next chapter because my timeline told me to go eff myself, lol. Four days without an update isn't anywhere near as long as I thought it would be!! Guess what?! I ended up coming to stay with my sister, so I get to update for you guys! Yay! I hope you're celebrating. I am.
A tingle of guilt wriggles up, and Dean sighs. “Yeah, I’m sorry about that. I’m coming back to work tomorrow, though. I’ll get everything taken care of, I promise. I’m sorry everything’s been so shitty, Benny. I won’t leave you hanging anymore.”
Castiel thinks with a grin and leans forward to catch Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth. The change in position forces the speed to slow, but the long slide of Dean’s cock is so much better now. He nips gently at Dean’s gasping mouth until he moves on to his neck. He begins to suck at his pulse point and up towards his jaw, leaving a wake of little hickeys behind.
"Look at me, Dean," Cas says softly, without a hint of command. It's a request. And Dean does. His eyes slowly track the view from the wall over the stove through the empty air until he finds Cas's eyes. His still-kind eyes. Cas has a small smile, and he says, "I'm proud of you."
"I mean..." Castiel pauses. "Do you want me to -  Is there any way I can help? We don't have to talk about it, but if you need anything, I'm here."
"Another time. I have a plan for today." That leaves Dean curious. Cas walks away, and Dean can hear him head off towards the opposite end of the room somewhere. "Sir?"
Cas groans under him, "Yes, that's it, sweet boy. Call for me. My name sounds divine on your tongue, Dean. You say it like a prayer. Again, baby boy!"
Then he breaks out a bag of M & M's he had hiding somewhere, and Dean gets even more excited. He lays his head on Cas's shoulder as they watch Edward Norton freak out about his infected blood landing on the bottles where he works. He feels content. They eventually drag themselves to bed, Dean's tired brain resisting forcing his body off the couch to wander to the bedroom. The next morning he finds himself being accosted by a black and white contract while he's eating oatmeal at the kitchen table.
This should start to speed up a bit, sorry if it's dragging for anyone. Thank you for your endless patience and outpouring of love.
"Yes. I thought you would be hungry. I know I am." He says lightly, but a little thrill of pleasure shoots through him as he sees Dean work out the meaning behind the words. Lord, is this man perfect?
"Is that something you'd like to try?" Dean's mouth goes dry. He goggles over at Cas, a blush staining his cheeks.
"Some. The way I approached Dean was completely wrong on my part, I'm still not even sure what possessed me to make a move such as that."
Later, when Dean's lying in bed, he wonders if this is what contentment feels like. His brother's here, he's got a boyfriend, his dad is gone, his business is fine. Nothing's perfect but it's all good enough. They're going to have dinner at Cas's tomorrow and everything's going to be perfect for a while. No Dad, no shitty customers, no freakouts. Just goodness. The thought sends him to sleep with a smile.
The voice in his head whispers, but he doesn’t believe it. Sometimes, it feels as if he’s ancient and is observing humanity from some high perch. The differences in his and Dean’s language is one of the biggest factors. They’re part of the same generation, but the gap is more than obvious sometimes when Dean mentions something and Castiel has no idea what he’s talking about. He supposes he should know who Tony Hawk is, but Dean had to explain it to him. It’s not a big thing, but he realizes now that it did bother him.
"Whatever you're thinking about, I want you to stop. It's time for me to take care of you, alright? We're going to get you into some comfy clothes, then to bed. We can watch a movie or sleep. Whatever you want, but I need you to let me help you. Can you do that for me, sweet boy?" The words ring delightfully in his ears. He wants to take care of Dean. He thinks maybe he might be alright with that.
That’s why he’d called Charlie (granted, that was at Jody’s urging). But still, he’d made the step. He had some appointments set up with a therapist. And he had a weekly check-in with Charlie to see about his meds, side effects, and help with the therapy. She offers “supplemental services”, whatever that means. Dean’s still confused about it, but it was a good move, probably, considering how fucked up his life currently is.
"You feel so good, baby boy. So hot and wet and perfect for me." He's clutching the sheets so hard his fingers are starting to go numb. It takes everything in him not to rock back against Cas's big cock and fuck himself stupid. Oh, fuck. Cas rubs a hand soothingly up his spine.
"Well, there are quite a few dents and scratches across the bumper, I'll have to bump those out, then body fill them, that'll take care of that. Some sanding to that. There's corrosion along the wheel arches. The back one on the left will need to be replaced with a new metal plate. Welded-in. The others I can treat with an acid treatment and get rid of easy enough." Dean bends down and looks at the underside of the car. "You'll need a replacement rocker panel. It's rusted out; the frame will fall apart like that." Dean stands up and opens the driver's side door. It screeches. He peers inside.
"Fuck. You've earned it, baby boy. Been so good for me." There are fingers spreading lube across his entrance, and then he feels the blunt tip of Cas's cock pressing against him. Cas leans back until he's upon his knees, and he takes Dean's legs and puts the damn things over his shoulders, and
"Sammy used to call those Eskimo kisses," Dean murmurs without opening his eyes, his breath puffing onto Castiel's face. It smells like chocolate.
"Uh, no. I don't get groped in public a lot. But uh... I'm down for more of it if it's with you." Dean is glad he's able to say that with confidence and not let the blush that's creeping up his neck show on his face.
"I am his boyfriend, so if you don't mind, I would very much like it if you stopped trying to prostitute yourself to him." She gasps loudly and Castiel reaches down and grabs Dean's hands. He hauls him up onto his feet and meshes their mouths together, startling Dean into a gasped moan of shock and surprise. He grabs Dean's ass and pulls him against him, savaging his mouth with his tongue. He pulls away when he feels like Dean might need some air to look over at the woman and she has her mouth dropped open slackly, just staring at them.
He keeps thinking that this doesn't make sense. It still doesn't make sense. For the most part, ever since he was a teenager, Dean hasn't had an easy time forming bonds with people. He gets attached too easily, then he gets hurt. That's the pattern. But with Cas, there's been an indescribable pull since the beginning. One that he can't fight in the slightest. Obviously, Dean was attracted to Cas when they first met but it's different now. All those heavy, passionate, sex-hazed feelings are wrapped in blankets of emotion. Soft and fuzzy ones, which makes him crinkle his nose out of habit. He's never been a
"I have a plan. Lock your legs around me." Dean does it without question, his legs going around Castiel's abdomen and crossing at his back, bringing them closer together. Castiel puts his right hand to Dean's lower back and uses it to steady and support him as Castiel lets the knot holding Dean's lower half up loose. Dean barely drops what with Castiel supporting him. After removing a few more crisscrosses of rope, he can let Dean down enough to stand.
"Hot," She repeats, and Dean has to agree. Holy crap. He just got felt up in a cozy little Starbucks knock-off, and who does that? Apparently, he and Castiel do.
He pulled away from his chapped-looking-but-actually-soft-as-hell lips long enough to mumble. "Okay, Cas?" In response, Cas thrust his hips against Dean's legs with a soft moan, consequently rubbing Dean's erection against Cas, making Dean groan loudly. "Fuck yeah." And he went right back to dominating Cas's mouth. Dean flicked his tongue across the roof of his mouth and hips bucked against him, making him very aware of just how turned on Cas was. Like he said... responsive. It was awesome. Dean grabbed Cas's wrists and encircled them with one hand, bringing them up above his head and holding them there against the brick.
"I uh... I mean, I drove home, obviously. I watched some tv, read a little bit. That's about it, really. Checked my email and stuff like that. Nothing to write home about."
If he places the bee in there it might fall and get hurt, he's not sure how far it goes down. Looking at the space between the edges and where the cover goes, he decides that he should just put the bee on the top of the inner cover, and then put the lid back. It's not going to squish it or anything, he's positive. He gently places the bee on the cover, watching it closely so he doesn't crush its wings or anything, and when it's safely placed, he bends down to grab the cover.
He can't believe that he and Cas are about to get married. He and Sam live in Cas's house now, but only because Sam wanted to. Well, Dean wanted to live with his boyfriend, but not at the price of Sam's sanity. When Dean and Cas started dating he and Sammy had been living in the house Cas had given them, but after a year Sam had said it was stupid because they were either always over at Cas's house or he was over at theirs. That had been the deciding factor, really. Moving in was stupidly easy, and it made everything better.
An idea occurs to him then. It's something that flashed across his mind earlier, but he wants to try it now. He pulls his hand away from Cas and brings it back to his hole, gently easing a finger in and feeling the liquid mess that Cas left inside him. "What are you doing, baby?"
"I swear to you, I don't... When I look at you, do you know what I see?" Cas murmurs in his ear, and Dean shakes his head, shoving his face into the soft blankets and exhaling hot breath into them.
Dean nods with a grin on his face. "So rules for playtime? You realize that makes us sound like toddlers, right?"
"I'd like to think so. So anyway, what're your plans? Are you staying at my house or are you looking for a few more camp-outs at Cain's?" Dean wags his eyebrows and earns a slap on the shoulder.
In the weeks since they got back together, things have returned to normal for him and Cas. Everything except the sex. They haven’t touched each other. They’ve both been skirting around the new boundaries, busy with work, and therapy, and other responsibilities. Dean was happy to wait until they were comfortable. Until everything was right again and they were both okay. Truly, he was. Until now.
His throat hurt too much, but his eyes watered anyway. He tried to fight it, but it wasn't any use because at that exact moment Dean ran his fingers along Castiel's scalp and twisted them into his hair. "Come on. Let it out. It's alright, Cas. You got me here." The words broke him and he sobbed brokenly against Dean's skin. He hated that he was weak and that he hadn't been able to fight back. That he had been so useless for so long and he still was. He didn't deserve the wonder that was Dean but he loved him all the same. Oh. He loved him.
A comfortable silence falls over them and they settle back down. The ceiling is popcorn spackled and a little dingy. The room smells like cigarettes and dust, but it's not unpleasant. It's surprisingly cozy, but then, he's very nearly always comfortable if he has Dean in his arms. Except for the rough carpet digging into his bare skin,
Ahh, man. Here we go, he thought almost bitterly. Another wild party, and another encounter with Castiel Novak, the hottest guy Dean had probably ever seen. This time he was being pretty creepy, even he had to admit. Benny continually made fun of him for it, but he almost couldn't help it. It was a compulsion. He had to be near Castiel. For the last year he'd been (sort of) stalking him and learning about him. Dean hadn't talked to him again, and he really couldn't justify why. It just didn't feel right yet. Benny had said that it happened sometimes, but he also thought Dean was just being a bitch about it. And maybe he was, but who gave a fuck?
Dean gasps and moans, "Sir!" as Cas grinds into his prostate again, producing another glob of cum that he feels sliding down his length. Dean finally stops twitching, and he can hear Cas panting above him, Dean's doing his own panting.
When they cuddle up in bed after doing the dishes, Cas puts on Deadpool, which Dean loves. When the sex scene comes on, Cas nuzzles Dean's throat then bites at his ear, "The holiday-themed sex seems like a good idea..." He licks the shell of Dean's ear while his fingers play over the marks on Dean's throat, making them ache pleasingly. "All year-round... Doesn't that seem like a good idea?"
She turns to mess with the complicated jumble of machinery that he assumes is the magical contraption that creates coffee. He's just watching the woman, Sara, her name tag reads, move around, and grab a cup from the dispenser when he feels a slight breeze of air next to him. He looks over before jerking back in shock.
Gadreel and Alfie both collapse into the chairs on the opposite side of his desk and start talking at the same time. Castiel interrupts, "Alfie. You first. What happened? Is Dean safe?"
Dean feels a nervous sweat break out on his forehead at the numbers. Holy shit, that's a lot of bees. Cas is insane. Cas just smiles and walks back to Dean. "It's alright. They won't hurt you. I promise."
Whatever he was expecting, maybe a smirk, or a barrage of questions, it wasn't what he got. Dr. Bradbury just smiles at him.
"I am no stuffed toy, Dean." His teeth graze across Dean's pulse point and his heartbeat quickens and he has to take a deep breath. "Nope. No, you are not. But you know what you are?" Dean wraps his hands around Cas's back and pulls him flush against Dean's body before kissing him soundly. He pulls away and looks into those big blue eyes that he loves so much and whispers, "You're my baby in a trench coat." Cas's big gummy smile is blindingly beautiful and Dean can't help but smile too. "Yes, I am. And I love that." Dean grins. "Me too, Cas."
He stares at the contract, lying so innocently on the wood. There's a knot in his stomach, but frissons of excitement are running through him.
"Yeah, Cas. Mate. The uh... I guess we should say, willing, exchange of blood, and uh, with intent, has a meaning to it. The bite... it's a claim. A mark. A brand, almost. You're mine. No one else's. If another vamp even so much as looks at you with my mark on you, they're toast." Dean spoke vehemently and Castiel felt a little surge of gratitude and something else indescribable shoot through him. Dean wanted him. Someone actually wanted him. That was a first. And a pleasant one at that. Castiel liked it. He wasn't sure how he felt about belonging to anyone, but still... the point stood. "And... omega?"
Dean just nodded and walked away as quickly as he could without moving inhumanly fast. No need to cause a panic. When he was outside in the cool night air he let himself breathe again, knowing the smell wouldn't follow him out here. Holy shit. He knew that he had acted like an asshole just ditching him like that, but Dean had nearly lost control of himself, and that was bad. Damn. He hadn't done that in a very long time. He'd been nothing but a fledgling the last time he had almost lost control on an innocent human. There was no friggin' excuse for that. He couldn't lose his head over a kid just because he smelled fucking amazing.
After feeding from Cas, Dean lapped at the bite on Cas's neck lovingly, licking away the blood slowly oozing its way out of the punctures. Cas whimpered as his ministrations making Dean shiver in pleasure. He loved that sound falling from Cas's lips. "We probably need to bandage that." Dean murmured against his skin. Cas shook his head and whispered breathily, "No, I want to see it. I want to be able to look at it when I walk by a mirror." Dean chuckled.
Dean keeps his eyes closed and bites his lip again, squeezing his legs so hard to the point that he's sure his fingertips are white. Cas's fingers start thrusting in and out of him faster and harder and he whimpers but resists the urge to rock down on them. His cock is aching and leaking heavily onto his stomach and holy hell he needs to be fucked. He whines loudly as the fingers start brushing insistently over his prostate in rhythmic motions, then there's a hand wrapping itself loosely around his cock and he yells, "Sir, please!"
Maybe a lot of all this affection and everything is all on Dean's side. If he's not even going to explain why Dean found a pacifier under his bed, he guesses that he's not all that important. Dean shouldn't be wondering. The disappointment isn't something purely palpable it feels surreal. He'd gotten comfortable in the idea of what they were, but Dean shouldn't expect Cas to divulge his entire life to Dean. They haven't known each other that long, after all. But still, shouldn't Dean know about it?
"I'm going to get the rope." Castiel growls in his ear, and Dean bites his lip. Castiel walks to the other side of the room, having to adjust his partial erection in his pants when he reaches the counter. He pulls one of them open and removes the small coils of hemp rope. It's soft, so when Dean pulls on it, it won't leave marks, hopefully.
"I um... well..." Dean opens his left hand and brings it over to Cas, opening his fist to show him the pink thing in his hand. Cas's eyes track the movement, and they soften as he takes in the pacifier. He picks it up out of Dean's palm almost reverently and smiles at it. "Thank you, Dean. I wondered where it went."
He hears Cas's deep laugh, and then the bathroom door shut. Jesus, he's spending so much time here he can tell the difference in the doors. He's not sure if that's good or bad. He laughs at himself and shakes his head. He sets his coffee cup on the counter and steps away from it, beginning to stretch. He arches his back and raises his palms towards the ceiling, not that he can touch it, and stands up on his tiptoes, body tense. He relaxes. A satisfying pop in his back brings a lazy grin to his face.
Dean places his hands on Cas's shoulders as his hands come to rest on Dean's hips. "Yes, Sir. I'm very clean. I wanted to surprise you."
"Do you think I could, uh... meet him? I mean, would that be weird?" Dean looks up at Cas, mumbling around a bite of pizza.
"It's okay to not be fine, Dean. I understand. Hey, I don't think I've asked you yet, what's your favorite color?" It's a random question, but he is curious.
A smile twitched Cas's lips and after a moment it got the better of him and he started laughing. Just a small chuckle at first, then straight out laughing. It was infectious and made Dean laugh too. After a while, they were laughing so hard they were crying. And the best part? It was over nothing. They were just laughing at the absurdity of their situation. At being alive. Being together. No matter what happened tomorrow, they had this now.
"Son of a bitch!" He snarls. That has to be it. That's what everything was about. His heart thrums so fast he's sure it might burst out of his chest. What the hell is he going to do? He moves and sits on the steps leading out to the yard and rests his arms on his knees. Why'd he have to go and wake up in the middle of the night? He wouldn't have seen the message from Sam until he and Cas were awake together, but that's about how things go. It's not his fight anyway. Part of Dean's brain is whispering that, but a larger voice is telling him what he desperately wants to believe. If he loves you, it is his fight. In a sudden burst of energy, he throws himself off the steps and starts walking down the rocked path towards the fields where Cas keeps his bees.
This is a kink fic, and that's not going to change. However, it's also about emotions and feelings and all the things that this was never originally intended to be. Now, because of the research for this fic, I'm exploring aspects of myself that I didn't know existed. I endeavor to portray and normalize a genuinely healthy, caring relationship with someone that suffers in the way that Dean does. I wish I had a Cas, lemme tell you. I will do my very best to live up to what I just said, and please, if there's anything you think I should address, or need to, let me know and I will do my very best to accommodate. (Please be kind, however. I am indeed as sensitive as Dean most generally.)
“Soon, baby. Soon. This first. Oh, God.” Castiel guides Dean’s hips into a rhythm, rocking them both closer and closer to the edge.
Dean feels his mouth drop open, but he can't summon the brainpower to fix it. Cas? A sub? What? He can't put the two things together at all. He can't imagine Cas being willingly obedient to another's will or obeying someone's orders. He's just so dominant and in control all the time. He blinks up at Cas, who's smiling at him, eyes twinkling. "You can't see it, can you?"
Nothing was more important. That's why after his mother had married Zachariah that they had made the move from the cold climes of Michigan to the low heat-riddled swamp of southern Louisianna.His step-father had insisted that His word was more needed in the sin-soaked city of New Orleans, where every year, people flocked from everywhere to partake in Mardi Gras, one of the best-known celebrations in America. It was known for liquor and sex and obviously, every sinner there needed to hear the words Zachariah was preaching, so of course, his mother had submitted with little qualms about uprooting her and her child Castiel from the only home he had ever known.
Cas nods and looks over at him. "Yes, I'm just tired. It's been a while since I've had a night that long."
"Only if we can disappear," Castiel replies. The man leans back abruptly, a look of happy surprise on his face. His bright forest green eyes were alight with mirth and his smile was infectious, making Castiel smile too. "I can make that happen," the man promises solemnly. It should sound threatening, but it doesn't. He reaches out a hand to Castiel. "I'm Dean, by the way." Castiel slides his palm against Dean's cooler one, and it feels way more intimate than it should, shuddering when Dean reverently places his other over the back of Cas’s hand like he'd just given Dean a gift of some sort. If he has, he is unaware of what it could be."I'm Cas-" is all he gets out before Dean intertwines their fingers and turns, pulling Cas close to his backside as they disappear through the masses of dancing and drinking people and out into the cool night air.
"Who else?" Castiel graces him with a large, genuine, gummy smile, and Dean can't help but smile back.
Castiel chuckles with dark amusement and leans in between Dean's legs, tapping the plug. Dean moans and jerks, and it's music for Castiel's ears. He strokes Dean's cock faster and uses the other hand to tug on the nipple clamps. Dean's mouth falls open, and he moans unabashedly. Castiel licks his lips in appreciation. He keeps stroking Dean's cock, using his thumb to smear pre-cum around and make the slide that much slicker, and then he uses his other hand to play with the plug inside Dean. He pulls it out slightly before pushing it back in deep. He repeats the process with faster and faster motions, increasing the force, now he's furiously fucking Dean with the toy.
"If it gets to be too much, pull away. You won't be punished or reprimanded in any way. Do you understand?" He strokes Dean's hair, and his boy closes his eyes, making a sound of acknowledgment, apparently just feeling it. His mouth is so hot and wet and perfect. Castiel's cock sits perfectly still on Dean's tongue, and he can tell his boy is forcibly keeping himself from sucking or moving. Castiel's not failed to notice his oral fixation, even if Dean doesn't know he has one.
"Yes, that's it, baby boy. There he is. Are you going to cum for me, sweet boy? Hmm?" Castiel murmurs against Dean's heated skin, making him shiver. Suddenly Dean reaches a hand between them and immediately grasps Castiel's cock, making him gasp.
"Ah, Dean, that wouldn't have been any fun. I wanted to surprise you boys. And I wanted to meet your..." John's eyes linger over Cas, looking him up and down,  "Partner."
Castiel smiled infinitesimally. "I just know." Dean shook his head but sighed. "Alright. Listen... I'm not going to hurt you, Cas. You trust me?"
Cas smiles at him as Dean pulls himself out of the memory. "How 'bout you, Casanova? Who was your first kiss?"
"This, little omega, is a mating mark." Omega? Mating mark? Oh great. "Vampires..." Dean drew out the word before continuing, "Have lifelong mates, Cas. You wanted this." He poked gently at the spot again. "I know. Otherwise, I wouldn't have given it to you. You might not've known what it entailed, but you wanted it. Now Cas, why don't you try to lie to me again? Tell me you didn't want it. Tell me you don't want me."
" Cas slams his cock inside Dean, all the way to the hilt, and Dean's never felt so full. Pleasure rolls through him in a soft wave. Cas is above him, looking down at him with a pure unadulterated blissed-out expression until his eyes slip shut. But he's just sitting there.
Castiel presses a soft kiss to Dean's temple as his thumb finds the knot that will release the bottom half of Dean's restraints. It's a good thing that Castiel is strong. He has a feeling that he's going to have to carry Dean up the stairs. "I'm taking you down, Dean. You've done so well for me. Does a bath sound nice?"
Dean grimaced. "Yeah, sorry. Hey, I was gonna offer to wash your clothes earlier, but uh, since you're staying..."
"It's alright. I'm real. This is real, I promise..." And after a moment, "We're real." Dean breathes a shaky sigh onto Castiel's neck.
"You haven't fucked anything up. You've done a great job, far as I can see it. I haven't been hurt a single time, and it's all been amazing. There's nothing wrong with our pace if it suits us."
Dean furrows his brow but complies and feel's Cas's fingers caressing the inside of his thigh as it slides down to cup his knee, and he guides his leg over something. "This is a padded shelf, more or less. It will support your weight. I'm putting both your legs over them."
Direct sunlight just hurts like a bitch, which was why most of his kind were nocturnal. He'd had a thing for it for a few years, but now Dean just kind of went with the flow of it. He hadn't even bothered to have Cas change out of the sweatpants and t-shirt and damn if he didn't look edible in Dean's clothes. Every time he looked at Cas two words would go circling around his brain like one of those carousel things, it's like it was stuck on the same track or something. Little mate, little mate, little mate.
“Dean?” Castiel calls as his front door opens without a knock. Castiel scrubs the tears off his face onto his long-sleeve hastily and scrambles up to stand by the counter. He holds his breath as someone walks around the corner, and he lets it out when he spots the salt and pepper beard.
Dean clings to him, and it only seems natural to put a hand in his hair, cradling his head. “Shh, baby. It’s alright. You don’t need to be sorry. It’s okay. I’m sorry I wasn’t there, but I’m here now. I’m here.”
Dean laid his phone back on the nightstand without jostling Cas but when he turned back a pair of sleepy blue eyes were looking up at him. Dean smelled something almost acrid on the air and worry pitted itself in his stomach. "What's wrong?" He asked quietly. Cas closed his eyes momentarily before replying. "I'm sorry, Dean. About what I said. It was untrue and unfair."
Without removing his eyes from the bee, he places the lid on the hive, quietly, and eases back away from the hive.
Dean sits at the bar while Cas cooks breakfast. He had wanted to help, but Cas had said that it was all part of the boyfriend package, so he was going to make him breakfast. So Dean sits on the stool and watches Cas's muscles moving under his shirt as he fries bacon and throws an obscene amount of fresh vegetables into a pan with some eggs in it. The kitchen's bright and calm at ten o'clock in the morning. The fresh scent of brewing coffee is filling the air and igniting Dean's need for caffeine. It's an idyllic scene, something set in a movie. It's not a scene in Dean's life, but he loves it anyway.
"Good luck!" She calls as he walks away. Summoning an act of courage he doesn't feel, he nearly throws himself into the opposite side of the booth from Cas, startling the man and making him jump. "De-"
As Cas prepares him to take his cock, which he is way beyond ready for at this point, he sucks marks onto Dean's throat. They're high up, easy for anyone to see, and Dean kind of loves it. He's being marked. He's Cas's. Cas uses his teeth to nibble at the skin as he sucks, making the marks darker and sting more sharply. He whimpers as Cas sucks one right under his Adam's apple and his boyfriend pulls away with red lips and a satisfied grin that Dean quickly attacks with his mouth. He's been wanting to kiss those pink apricot-chapped lips since they started this and he's damn well going to do it now while he can still think. Cas's hand loosens from his hair, and his fingers slip out of Dean's ass, and both hands come to grip Dean's hips, tender from their earlier treatment. He pulls away, and Cas whispers, "It's time."
As far as the agreement goes, they both have a panty kink, and they agreed on no overt feminization. Meaning no 'good girl,' no makeup or wigs or anything like that. Toys and implements like clamps are good. Public play is alright, though not in any of the clubs or anything like that because Dean's sure he would freak out. Cas is into voyeurism. He's cool with that. Dean's not sure how much he's into exhibitionism, but he's willing to try it to a certain extent. He just doesn't think he could handle being naked and having sex or something in front of a bunch of strangers.
Dean ran his free hand through Cas's hair as his breathing slowed and he fell asleep. He kept it up long after Cas had gone to sleep, it was calming in a weird way. He liked
"Yeah, I know." Benny regarded him with a quirked eyebrow and Dean shut his piehole with an audible snap.
Cas pulls out and rams back in so hard that Dean yelps. This time Cas doesn't stop. He starts pistoning into Dean with wild abandon, clearly on edge after so long. Dean can already feel an orgasm pooling again, and
he thinks. Music begins to fill his mind, and he’s swept away on the current of something familiar tugging at his senses. A song from his childhood, he used to know that song. He loses himself in the notes from Cas and rests his head against his throat, feeling the vibrations, and it’s there that he falls asleep.
He is probably going to sleep, honestly. If he can manage it. He pulls the trash bag off the can and ties it. He goes to get another bag and realizes that it's just an empty box sitting on the fridge instead of a box filled with trash bags. Another mental note: Get trash bags.
"Like... something to say when one of is wanting to change the dynamic. It's easier than asking a shit ton of questions, you know? Just, uh, say the word, and if the other person is in the same headspace there, just repeat the word. Then we'd know. No awkward questions about 'Hey, you wanna do this?' or 'I think I'm ready for this.' Is that okay?"
“Boys, we’re not doing this right now. I don’t care if you’re worried, John. This isn’t the time or the place. And Dean, I know that you have… questions about things that happened after I… died. About your brother. Both of your brothers. But I’d prefer to have those conversations when Adam and Kate could be here to express themselves and talk about how they feel, as well.”
Dean found himself at his parent’s house, a sprawling farmhouse out in the middle of nowhere that looked and felt nothing like their house in Lawrence, which Dean guessed was the point. I wouldn’t have surprised him to learn that this was the house they’d talked about as their dream home, the place they wanted to build or buy and retire at, once the kids were “out of the nest”.
He could negotiate with the Empty, sure. Jack could go talk to it and make a deal. But why? He could just solve the problem.
The bed had the exact same sleep foam mattress that he’d had at the bunker and the softest flannel sheets he’d ever slept on. The drawers were full of clothes that fit him perfectly, broken in t-shirts, jeans, his favorite brand of socks, all of his favorite flannel shirts, some of which he’d lost to one hunt or another over the years but there they were, hanging on hangers, organized by color. His favorite boots sat at the bottom of the closet, even though he hadn’t seen them since before he’d gone to Hell.
He stood, awkwardly, in the corner of the room, his trench coat hanging loose and lank against his body, face tired and drawn. He smiled at Dean, but it was a sad smile, in more ways than one.
“I’m sure he did,” John replied. “While we wait, you want a little whiskey with your lemonade or are you good?”
She stops in front of a small stone, the face almost completely washed away by time and weather.  It's under a tree, so the moonlight doesn't reach it.  Dean crouches down and pulls out his lighter.  He can barely read the first name- SARAH- and he for sure can't see the last.  He rises and looks at her.
"Shut up."  He waits for her to move but she doesn't, just floats there in front of him.  "Okay, seriously?  I don't know who you are or where you're rotting.  So if you could lead the way, I'd appreciate it.  The apocalypse is coming.  Chop, chop."  He snaps his fingers at her and he could swear that she rolls her eyes at him before she turns and heads towards the back of the cemetery.
"Ready?"  Sam's got both shovels and the gas canister in hand.  Dean looks at him for a second, taking in the dirt across his chin and the rip in his flannel shirt.  His hair's a mess- there's a leaf stuck in there somewhere, Dean is sure.
It was like when you walked in a lake or a stream, and the silt at the bottom was stirred up by your feet. If you wanted the water to clear up, you had to stand still for a bit and just let everything around you settle, even as the water moved around you.
“No unfinished business, huh? Are we actually doing this?” Dean asked, setting his fork next to his plate, his pie forgotten as his face heated up, probably turning red under the scrutiny. “Are you going to
Porn had given him too many images to choose from, and his brain choosing to insert (ugh) his father’s face onto the head of a random porn dude Dean had seen in the past was enough to make him want to be celibate for the rest of eternity. Which, he guessed, he was starting to spend.
She lowers her arm and waits.  Dean sighs to himself and heads back to the car.  He opens the driver's side door and gets in.
“Considering that we’re in Heaven and Jack could keep us here indefinitely, we probably should consider figuring out a way to meet his requirements. Since he’s apparently listening in.” The fire flickered in the grate, dimming considerably then flaring up again. “I’m gonna take that as confirmation,” Dean said, flipping off the fire while sorting the cards in his own hand.
That the first person to welcome him to Heaven was Bobby surprised exactly no one. He was one of the only parental figures in Dean’s life that didn’t currently have some heavy baggage attached to his memory, or if there was, it was so minor compared to what he was carrying related to his actual parents, that it was as if that baggage no longer existed.
He winked into existence in a field, a building with neon beer signs and a long front porch sat a few yards away from where he’d dropped. The battered (but that’s how they liked it) sign for the Roadhouse hung over the front door and a warmth Dean didn’t know he was missing flooded through him.
For the first time in his life, the first time since he was four years old and his father placed his brother in his arms, he didn’t feel responsible for anyone or anything. He didn’t have to try to keep the peace between his parents. He didn’t have to look after Sam- he knew that Sam could look after himself and, if nothing else, Jack was there, watching, caring, loving. The guilt and pressure and stress he’d put on himself for the past 37 years was just… gone.
“I’m not sure how comfortable I am with this new and open Bobby,” Dean muttered, looking down at his boots. There it was, that feeling of not quite being on the right foot flooding up and filling him again, his face warming at the thought of Bobby knowing what Dean thought about Cas. What Dean wanted to do to Cas. With Cas. Even something as simple as holding his damn hand, Dean wanted it. It was ridiculous and Bobby knew.
“You know that’s not true,” Jack said, his voice soft. He knew that they both knew that Dean would never grow old on Earth. Jack had that extra insight that, without Castiel with him and with his desire to see his brother retire and grow old and have lots of little babies, Dean would be looking for his way out. There was a ticking clock in Jack’s head, now that he was both life and death, and he knew that Dean was coming, and soon. Which was why the conversation with Castiel was so important to have now.
It didn’t take long to get to the front door from the kitchen, just a few steps, but between his first step off the kitchen tile to his first touch of the front doorknob, there was a crazy series of lightning flashes and then a terrible crash of thunder, like Thor himself was standing right outside the front door. Dean swung the door open and found a torrential downpour heaving from the skies above, the rain so heavy that he couldn’t see across the driveway to where Baby was parked.
It was a conflict that had pulled at Jack, made his stomach hurt and his chest ache. He’d talked to Sam about it once or twice, when he was sure he was going to throw up his dinner after Dean and Cas had fought over something, usually stupid, or sometimes about Jack himself.
The silt eventually would sink back to the bottom or get washed away, and then you’d be able to see your toes, barely peeking out from the mud and the sand and the rocks.
It was even darker in the bedroom, without the fire to add even its limited light, but despite that, Cas knew exactly where Dean was, all the time, and he knew when Dean had removed his own boots and stepped up to the other side of the bed, ready to get in. Cas closed his eyes, not sure why the idea of sharing a bed with Dean was causing him so much… he could only call it sorrow.
“As Chuck’s replacement, I decided that I couldn’t leave you there or leave the Empty awake and angry, so I fixed it.”
“Says that you’re supposed to be looking for your friend. Unfinished business. Heaven isn’t supposed to be about unfinished business, so I thought I’d ask.” Dad leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table, his chin on his fists.
"She needs your help.”  Cas doesn't move his hand, just squeezes Dean's shoulder with a firm grip, his fingers warm and perfect where they're resting.  "She knows who you are.  She knows what you can do."  Cas speaks in his normal tone of voice, and Dean can’t help but look over at his brother, sleeping the sleep of the bone weary.
And as he thought about all those stories he’d loved, the stray thought of sitting next to Cas on a couch, in the bunker or somewhere, he didn’t know, but together, his feet in Cas’ lap, sharing books and stories and talking about them after they’d both read them. It wasn’t technically the first time he’d had that thought but it was the first time… no, he couldn’t think about that. Nope, not doing it.
“The world is ending, Dean.  Lucifer is coming.  There are things on this earth that would prefer not to be, when the time comes. ”  Cas’s fingers curl a bit deep down Dean’s shoulder and then release their grip, the sudden lack of heat making Dean moan a bit, but just under his breath.  Cas leans back against the seat and closes his eyes, chest moving in and out as he sighs.  “She wants to rest now, to stop walking.  I do not blame her.”
He wasn’t sure if he was disappointed or not when the person walking around the corner of the house, towards the fence gate, was someone other than Dean. Who he’d expected to come back at some point, after their blow-up at the barbecue dinner, but they’d seen neither hide nor hair of him, and as far as he was away, they hadn’t gotten a phone call or any other communication from him since then, either.
“Oh, good,” Dean said, rising up on his knees to give Cas a sticky syrup kiss, pressing their chests together.
Dean closed the distance between them and pressed a hand to Castiel’s cheek. “But you do now, right?”
“That kid is going to be seven kinds of grounded when I get back, I can’t even believe him.” Dean pulled his jeans up, buttoning and zipping as he spoke, everything about every movement frustrated and annoyed.
“I don’t even know, but we’re both in this remote cabin, alone, with a full fridge, lots of beer and pie, and a super comfy bed. This seems like a set-up.” Socks on, boots on, leaning forward to tie them, every movement like putting on armor, like going into battle. Because he was. With God, apparently.
The cabin had appeared on the right side of the road after he’d been driving for what he’d normally have guessed was three hours or so, but in Heaven, who the hell knew how long he’d actually been in the car.
Dean threw open the door, ready for the rain he’d seen before, but instead, there was a wall of snow. A mini avalanche of snow and ice fell back into the cabin, landing on top of Dean’s boots and the small rag rug just inside the door.
“What help could I possibly give her?”  Dean asks the question, his foot heavy on the brake.  His eyes look up, into the rear view mirror, trying to catch Cas’s gaze.  He doesn’t like how unsure he sound, how desperate he seems.
The radio is turned down so low, all Dean can hear is the clicking of the cassette wheels as the tape plays.
Castiel leans forward again, his head slipping up and over the back of Dean's seat.  His face slides in close to Dean's, blurry due to the proximity.  Dean can see the reflection of the car's front panel in Cas's eyes.
Dean wasn’t so damaged that he couldn’t see how fucked up that could possibly be. How awful that had to feel, honestly, what kind of torture it would be to love someone and know that you could never, ever be with them.
“Something like that.” Cas pulled his focus in, everything he still had access to at the moment working to bring him as many interactions with Dean from their past life as he could find. Images, sounds, smells, they all slide across his memory like a high-speed slide show and as he looked through everything, knowing what he knew now, he could see it.
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked, pulling on his boxers even though he was still more than a bit damp, his t-shirt sticking to his back and his chest as he pulled it on without wiping off again with the towel.
"You're a good man, Dean Winchester."  Cas doesn't lean back this time, just stays where he is, breathing softly in Dean's ear.  Dean can hear Sam's sharp intake of breath and guesses that whatever's going on right now, between he and Cas, Sam's seen it.  And Dean's sure that he'll be talking about it in the morning because Sam is a big, giant girl about things like that.
Dean got himself at least fifty miles away from Bobby and the Roadhouse before he let himself think about the last time he saw Castiel. About what Cas had said to him, about the way Cas’ face had seemed to glow as he spoke about how much he felt for Dean, even as he cried tears of fear and sorry. And maybe happiness. Dean hadn’t had much experience with happiness, it was always so hard for him to understand when he was seeing it.
In the beginning, he’d had to take a bit of time away from everyone, away from the whole of the world and Heaven, to get everything to shake out and clear itself up in his head.
And yet, he’d never felt as inadequate or unprepared as he suddenly felt once he understood what he had really been.
“Dean’s complicated. No, Mary, he is. I’ve watched that kid grow up and… he’s complicated. He’s got baggage, baggage I gave him, sure, but he’s carrying. We’re gonna have to be smart about this.”
The road curves and dips, a large stand of trees appearing suddenly on his right.  The foliage cuts off his view of the moon, leaving the interior of the car lit by the front panel and nothing else.  The road curves again, so sharp that it’s practically a turn, and suddenly Dean is presented with a three-way stop.
The beer had tasted like shit but the feeling of earning it and knowing that his father thought he’d earned it was well, that tasted like the best pie he’d ever had in his life.
"God damn it, Cas.  What the hell?"  He keeps his voice as low as possible, the words tight and dry in his mouth.  He hasn't said much of anything for a long stretch of time now, and he probably needs some water or a beer or something to wet everything down.
“Always, baby.” John winked at her and leaned forward. “I mean, you’ve been reading all those romance books, right? What do they have to do in those stories when two people love each other and won’t do anything about it?”
Dean startles when he feels Castiel's hand on his shoulder, jumping in his seat a little bit.  Dean’s knee knocks against the dash and he curses under his breath.  He ignores both the ache and the need to rub at it with his fingers.
“Ain’t no point in playing into that bullshit anymore, is there? We’re at the end of the line, in paradise. If you can’t have what you want when you get to Heaven, what’s the damn point?”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean slammed the phone back into the cradle, almost ripping it off the wall, and leaned his head against the cool wainscoting. After a few deep breaths, he grabbed the umbrella again, and, squaring his shoulders, made for the front door again.
“I’m thinking that’s what he wants us to discuss. You think?” Dean dealt out of hand of cards to each of them. Cas was assuming they were playing poker, which Dean had taught him before but it’d been a long time since they’d sat together and just played cards. Cas opened his eyes and picked up his cards. For some reason he couldn’t make heads or tails out of the what he had, so he set the pile back down on the coffee table.
Which was how John Winchester found himself pouring a tall glass of lemonade for God, a young man who called both of his sons (and this errant angel they all kept talking about) ‘dad’, who looked twelve, who was actually about three, and who had all the cosmic powers in the known universe. It was a bit unsettling, is what it was.
“Narc,” Mary said, winking at Dean as she got up instead of waiting for him to join her. She reached out to him for a hug and he wrapped his arms around her, never getting tired of being able to do that, even after everything. “Come on, sit down, eat a burger. You’re looking a little thin.”
As John was turning the page, finally moving on to chapter six,  there was a sound like a rubber band or a very dry twig snapping and then the sharp rap of a distant knocking on the front door.
"Dean."  Castiel sounds disappointed in him.  Dean frowns, not entirely sure why Cas would feel that way or why Dean should even care.  "She wants your help.  Surely, you can give it to her."
He didn’t remember Heaven being like this, but he knew this place, even if he only knew the idea of it. It was a good place to start, if nothing else.
“Okay, big guy. I think we need to call it a night.” And then Dean was lifting him off the floor, helping him to stand, walking him back to the bedroom. At some point, he worked off Cas’ trench coat and the suit jacket underneath it, leaving him in his dress shirt and pants. With a gentle nudge, Dean pushed him back onto the bed and Cas sank into the memory foam like it was the ocean.
“I’m trying to fix things. You need to let me. All the books say that it’s good for my mental health.”
"What?"  Cas points out the front windshield, to the woman in white, and Dean groans to himself.  "All right.  Fine."  He throws off his seat belt and pushes his door open.  Which is when Sam wakes up.
They’re the only car on the road this late at night, and despite the company, he feels like he’s the only person on the planet.  The fact that they've been driving back roads to stay under the radar doesn't help matters at all.
“None of them are- for fuck’s sake. I have a list of questions, forty one years’ worth of questions that I’ve kept quiet about, starting with Adam Mulligan, but now that we’re here, and you’re pulling the gloves off, well, why not?” Dean sat up in his chair, his hand gone white around the knife he’d picked up on instinct, his body not caring that it was a butter knife and not sharp enough to cut through a cooked steak let alone anything that wanted to attack him at the table.
“Of course he did,” John said, as he set a platter piled high with grilled meats on to the long wooden table under the pergola next to a basket piled high with bags of hamburger and hot dog buns, surrounded by condiments, bags of sliced cheese, jars of pickles, bags of potato chips, and sweating beers next to each place setting.
“Oh,” he said, eyes sliding open as if in slow motion. “It was there, not quite all along, but long enough that…” He stopped and shuddered out a breath. “I didn’t know what any of it meant. I didn’t understand what I was looking at, what you were telling me.”
He pulls a book of matches from his pocket and uses the lighter to start up the entire pack.  When he's sure it's really going, he drops the whole thing into the grave and feels the heat on his face as the gasoline ignites.  He's sees Sarah there for another second and then she's gone.
Dean wasn’t so repressed that he didn’t see how his own behavior had shaped Cas’ feelings and how Cas reacted to them, which led to their current circumstance.
Once Cas had the fire going, they took stock of their situation. Dean was a bit calmer, Cas could tell, and more willing to actually have a conversation.
“Why wait? Does he sleep? I didn’t think he slept. Jack? Jack, get your feathered, God-like ass over here!” Dean was, again, yelling at the ceiling. More lightning, more thunder, but no response from the kid.
On the counters in the kitchen was a brunch spread: waffles, eggs, bacon, toast, French toast, fresh cut fruit, a carafe of orange juice, a fresh pot of coffee, all of it steaming hot and ready to be eaten.
He looks into the rear view mirror and sees Cas's face, dark circles under his eyes, lines around them stark in the moonlight.  He's so tired- they all are- but it's weird to see it on Cas.  He's always seemed so untouchable and Dean guesses that's the way angels are supposed to look.  It's tough to see his angel looking rough around the edges.
“I don’t have all my powers but my eyesight is still pretty good,” Cas told him, and even though Dean couldn’t really see him, he could
A bone crushing hug first, a few manly tears they both refused to acknowledge, and then beers that came from… Dean wasn’t sure but his was cold and tasted exactly as he remembered his first beer he’d shared with his dad. Not just the flavor of the beer, but the way he’d felt inside when his father had finally given him that sweating bottle, both of them leaning against the Impala, parked on the side of some quiet country road in the middle of nowhere, at the end of a long day and a successful hunt.
