Their eyes locked, bodies brushing in unexpected places, skin catching on skin. They arranged themselves till they were side by side on the covers, faces only inches apart, taken in by the sudden peace.
"Sam. 'Just Sam,'" he repeated.
They did what was promised, even going so far as to put a pot of coffee on, and then they filed back into the dining room, re-seating themselves at the empty table. They did not hear the hum of Helena's chair this time, but instead a soft, staggered footfall as she came slowly in, carrying a bundle in her arms.
Inhale.
“Cas?”
“I—” he stuttered, his huge fingers covering her own, still holding on.
It was a strange day they passed there on the ridge; none of them knew quite what to do with themselves in a house without anything to research or suss out.
“Well, which way?” Sam said.
Distantly he could hear the sound of something frying, could smell what was probably bacon. He thought of how Yann Olsson's mother had served them at her table as their guests and how good that food had been and slowly he extricated himself from Dean's arms, sat up on the edge of the bed very quietly to pull his T-shirt down where it had been rucked up in the night as they'd kissed.
The party went on, clockwork, beautiful, and they knew they wouldn’t be missed.
No matter how welcome they felt in this place, he knew, they weren't meant to stay here long. Yet it was not with sadness that they realized this, Sam thought—looking at Dean's face, and Castiel's, as they came shyly in to say hello to him. When they left they wouldn't leave forever. That was a certainty.
“Sure,” Dean sighed, holding out his hand for the sheriff to take. “We’ll help you this afternoon.”
This detail did not please Dean. After nearly losing Cas in the river he was shaken and wary, unwilling to run headlong into anything else strange.
They agreed this was at least a start.
“More or less,” Lily said. “More of a parable, maybe. Just something people believe, you know.” She began to pick at her fingernails. “Look—I don't know what you guys want with whatever Amos Porter was preaching, but it's old news.
Not for the first time was Dean struck with just how much, just how absolutely and completely, he loved Castiel. But here it almost held more weight, he thought—it intruded upon the silence and hung upon his shoulders, the truth of it. That he loved him, and it was a huge love, and it didn't frighten him anymore.
Cas whispered “yes” against Dean's slack flush lips although he didn't know what he was agreeing to—no question had been asked, no proposition offered, they were pulling from the door and whirlwinding against the soft jut of the mattress, only one bed, here; a single and the woman at the counter had raised her eyebrows but that was nothing. Nothing.
Dean's arms encircled him, natural, easy, pulled him closer, deeper into the kiss, the kiss, their eyelashes tangling, now, the spotting colored dark behind their eyelids, the orange paint-daub of the lantern splitting against their eyes in the tender black. There. No rush. They had the whole wide night to lie there in the cramped twin bed, bodies pressed together, Castiel's bony hips against the softer push of Dean's. Dean's hands cupping his shoulder-blades as if cradling wings. Castiel's touch, exploring, mapping, learning Dean's body, just the slightest bit. They had all the time in the world. They had all the God-given days in the universe. No hurry. No haste.
“Belong with me. Let me have you, and I swear to God, Cas, I’ll give you everything I have. I’ll give you the whole fucking planet if you want it. You caught me, Cas, you pulled me up and you found me and you made me—you made me
“Dean,” Sam sighed, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Sammy! Breakfast!” Dean said between laying knocks on the door. Cas hovered at the top of the stairs, his hand fitted round the bannister, leaning back from it slightly, playfully testing his weight against it. There was a muffled response from Sam’s room and Dean smiled, stepping back when the door swung open.
“Dean,” Cas said, a few times, in the midst of being rubbed dry. “Dean—”
Yann swallowed hard, and took a tenuous sip of his tea.
, might intersect—he waited for the crosswalk light to change, and then followed a mother with a stroller across the street, and ascended the steps into the cool narthex of the church.
All his life Dean had existed in a state of destinations: a hunt always came with a town, and a victim, and a thing to shoot or stab or burn. Always he had lived in the certainty of pointing the Impala in one direction or another, pointing his life in one direction or another—
“So how’d you get a snake, anyway?” Dean said, running his fingers over the fabric, worrying it. His thumb caught on a button and he smiled.
“What?” Dean said softly, and Cas shook his head, bending down to kiss him again. To tuck the tired questions back into his mouth, to give him cause to let his eyes shut, to feel the exhale of when he went lax under Cas’ hands.
“Took us long enough,” Dean said, huffed on the end of a chuckle, and leaned back against the tree again, running a juice-sticky hand through his hair.
“What makes you so sure they're not accidental?”
The water was too hot, but Dean didn't move to turn it down.
“You’re so beautiful.”
“I will,” David smiled. “I just hope you got somewhere else to be when I do.”
“Can I help you?” the old woman said, her voice echoing, as she finished lighting the candles and waved the match out, coming around the raised altar and bending down to rearrange the flower displays on the steps. They were Virgin Mary blue, all of them, sprays of yellow in the center. Cas ran them through the dictionary of his mind.
It was a smile of relief and contentedness; infinite, soft. Love.
"What?"
They left Marlene's after an hour or two of conversation—steering often away from the actual topic of the evening and into the realms of inconsequentials—and then mutually agreed to head back to the festival to meet up with what Lily called Sam's “workplace liability.” She'd given him much more than he'd bargained for: what must have been the complete history of the orchard, and most of her own history as well. Sam thought that maybe she'd just needed an ear to vent to; as soon as she'd warmed up to him she'd spilled almost everything.
Sam could just make out the thin lines of Castiel's shoulder-blades under his T-shirt, and the shadow of Dean's hand resting in the curve of the angel's neck, as if it had stilled there in the process of caressing a cheek. They were facing one another, both sound asleep. He could hear their breathing like the push and pull of tide.
Sensing her disgruntlement, Dean thanked her with a heavy helping of sarcasm that was either ignored or went right over her head.
“I know you,” he said, firmly, with conviction. He could see Dean's eyes this close up in the dark, met them, chased them wherever they moved to see his face. “I know you better than anyone except Sam. And I know—I believe—that the only thing you'll be at the end of this, no matter what's in that book, no matter what's in New Orleans—the only thing you'll be is yourself.”
“What are you doing, Dean? We can’t afford Holiday Inn,” Sam grumbled as Dean crossed four lanes of traffic to make the upcoming exit, the engine revving as he accelerated, cutting between cars.
Cas’ tongue licked hesitantly into his mouth and he smiled, meeting it, eyes falling shut, Cas’ weight settling over him.
Cas rubbed at his face, averting his eyes.
“We have to get our pictures taken, right?” Dean rushed. “Before we can dance? Or it’s bad luck or whatever that bullshit was. I mean, it's fucking weird, seeing as we'll never be back here again, but I like this song, and I kinda want to dance with you.”
Mathilda Lawrence had, in fact, known that they were coming. Or perhaps she hadn't so much
But then Cas whimpered, made some heartbreaking noise, and Dean had to.
Cas felt a soft chill spark up his spine. He was momentarily transfixed by her, this gentle little old woman in her pale kitchen, the cool air curling in under the door and through the screen. The lines in her face, he thought, said so much, but he didn't know what they meant.
A pause, the tilt of Cas’ head, their damp foreheads pressed together, legs slotting around each other.
They lingered on the doorstep a few moments later, exchanging wary looks. So much kindness and hospitality had been shown them on this job—journey—whatever it was—but there was still the hesitation, still the uncertainty.
Dean’s hands moved, sliding down, thumbs grazing his hipbones through the thin material of his shirt.
“How do you feel?” Olivia said gently, sensing his discomfort, the momentary thrash.
we haven’t been here before?” Dean asked, for the fiftieth time, glancing out the windows at block after block of picturesque small-town American wholesomeness. Flags hung from every lamppost, ruffling slightly in the breezes that passed down the brick streets – couples with strollers ambled down the wide sidewalks or perched on park benches outside ice cream parlors and cafes, feeding messy faced toddlers or chatting with elderly people. Cheerful storefronts lined the road—not the worn-out signs of Greenacre, but freshly retouched advertisements for old-fashioned candy stores and florists and bridal boutiques. In the distance the bridge loomed over the water, sunlight winking off the cars as they passed between the steel beams.
Ash lost count of the number of drinks he took when the door to the Roadhouse flung open. He looked over in surprise to see Elvis storm in. Why was he in such a bad mood? He knocked over a table of lava cakes and bacon roses and picked up a chair that he threw. Ash narrowly avoided it, taking his beer with him for safe keeping. He had no idea what set off Elvis, but he was going to put a stop to the singer’s tantrum right now. Ash got up and walked over to the man. He handed off his beer to a nearby person, hoping he would see it again before the night was out. With one hand he tosses his hair back and threw a punch, hitting Elvis in the face.
The actual ceremony went out without a hitch, Ash touched by the number of people that appeared and the vows Dean and Cas made for each other. Then the speeches started. Sam was the first to go, pulling out a piece of paper with a flourish and bringing the microphone close to his face. “Mawidge…mawidge is what bwi us togewer today…” Sam started and Ash about choked on his beer and Dean about fell over in hysterics. Castiel gave Sam a confused look, almost like he wanted to ask what Sam was trying to acomplish. Apparently Sam was going to let everyone know how he felt about how long this took!
Ash had no idea how long they were going at it when a loud whistling sound overcame everything. He quickly put his hands over his ears, trying to block it out and saw many of the guests doing the same. Then everything erupted. The building shook so hard everyone fell over and a bright light blinded him. Ash closed his eyes until the sound faded before slowly getting up. Looking around he was horrified! Half of the building was just GONE! The guests were scrambling about, some talking about who they need to fight in order to get back to their party and a few even hiding under the tables. Hoping to discover the identity of the culprit, Ash scrambled around the bar only to find Enochian writing etched into the floor.
“Ellen!?! You’re alright?!” he sounded alarmed and Ellen smiled.
“Oh crap! I forgot the pie! Wait, do we need pie?” Ellen trailed off. It was Dean’s wedding day, he would demand pie. She didn’t want to send Jo out again, but Dean would be heartbroken if he didn’t get at least one pie today. Ash waved the concern off.
“Delivery…”
For a moment no one spoke, then everyone erupted in cheers and yells. Ash could hear people yelling for both of them to win. Elvis got a good punch in himself and Ash stumbled back a step. “Fuck you Elvis, you ain’t walkin’ out of…” he started, ready to make Elvis pay for the damages he already caused but received a hard punch to the jaw. Ash went down hard but immediately picked himself back up. It wasn’t a party without a good brawl after all and fighting with Elvis was probably going to be the highlight of his week.
“She went to pick up the one hundred long stemmed roses. Bill is getting the tiara’s and diamond table center pieces.” She said. Ash nodded. There was two big events going on tonight and they needed to be ready for both. In about three hours at 4pm, Dean Winchester and the angel Castiel were going to be married in the Roadhouse. They were trying to keep it a quiet affair, only a few guests, before slipping off on their honeymoon. After that they would open the Roadhouse at 7 pm sharp for the Valentine’s Day crowd. Ash was still surprised that Dean and Castiel were finally getting married. He didn’t see them interact much himself until they arrived in Heaven, but even he knew they were perfect for each other.
Ash looked at the boarded up building, although there almost wasn’t a point since half of it was just gone. The pool table was still on fire, the tables and chairs were destroyed, and even his gift shop was gone. Heaven won’t be the same until he can rebuilt, which would take about two weeks. However there was more important things to be done. He needed to find Ellen. Jo and Bill had contacted him to let him know they were fine but they hadn’t seen Ellen since the oven caught fire a second time. Ash felt it was his duty to find his friend. He climbed on his motorcycle, pulling down his sunglasses and revved the engine to life. ‘Born to be Wild’ started playing on his helmet radio and Ash turned it as high as it would go before driving off into the sunset.
Sam had made his appearance with his wife Eileen. Garth Fitzgerald IV and his wife Bess had also arrived with Gertie, Castiel, and Samuel Fitzgerald. Bobby stood in the corner talking to John, Mary, and Rufus Turner. Ash was still questioning John’s presence, but it wasn’t his wedding. Jo was making small talk with Jody and Donna while Kaia, Patience, and Claire were talking to Jack. Alex was setting up a tray of brownies and vegan snacks on a table. Ash had a mild suspicion they were ‘special brownies’ but who cares since there isn’t any police to arrest them in Heaven. Kevin Tran and Charlie Bradbury were discussing something nerd related and Meg and Crowley were already in an argument while Gabriel, Gadreel, and Balthazar were laughing nearby. Benny Lafette was talking to Rowena MacLeod and the two seemed to be getting along just fine. There were a number of others coming in that Ash didn’t really pay too much attention to, there was so much he still needed to get done.
“You're on speaker now” Cas let him know as he set the phone underneath the blanket, so that Ben can hear without being disturbed. He gently rest his head on Ben's and slowly walk around the room, rubbing the baby's back.
“I'm carrying my pup. And then I will be raising them. With or without their grandparents. That's your choice now. But I will be raising them with their father.”
He walks home and whispers “don't make any sounds” to the puppy.
He gets ready for bed and set the puppy down “I'll go get you food when Dean will be asleep, until then be quiet.” Cas said to the pup.
“Sure, okay, but now you stay seated. I don't want you to wore yourself down, and I don't want you to be tired, I know how difficult it is already for you..” he whispered, rubbing Cas's belly once again.
Cas glanced over at Gabriel, knowing what he felt right away, and mouthed a “it's alright” to him.
“Because you don't want one. Because I figured you'd kick it out the moment you see it. No matter what I say, so I decided to hide it. I had a bad day, leave me alone.” Cas finishes sternly, almost snappy.
“See you soon,” Dean said back lovingly.
The pup barks again and Cas froze as Dean frowns again “What.. was that?” he asks again
He rushes inside and to the bathroom where he hides the pup. He takes a long shower, trying to figure out how he is going to take car of the puppy without his husband knowing about it.
“It's okay, kiddo. Why can't you sleep?” Dean asked softly.
Cas takes the puppy out “Okay, I need to stop talking to you” and the puppy barks in agreement. “Sssshhh” Cas says.
“I do.” he breathed, feeling happy once again.
Dean stayed with Cas as much as he could. It didn't felt weird since they were already together but people started to ask questions.
A months later Cas didn't show up in class nor had warned Dean about it nor told him what was going on.
“Yeah, I can see that” Dean said, sitting beside Cas and gently petting his head.
“Of course,” Dean said, already wondering what happened to his son to be awake and for his husband not to be able to calm their little boy down.
“Mmmh, Castiel?” she said in a low voice. “What.. I mean Why is your friend touching your tummy? Why.. Why is he standing this close to you?” She asked lowly, almost threateningly.
“ Sh...” he whispered softly. “It's okay baby, Gabby did not meant to wake you up.” he added. He quickly grabbed one of the blankets they have by the couch and cover him, tucking him in to prevent other noises that could startle him again.
“Dean.”
“No, sweet child,” Olivia said, reaching out to pat his hand with fingers heavy and beringed. “Not just yet. There's time still for rejoicing.”
All at once the song ended with a final clap in unison by the audience, and they stumbled around each other one more time before realizing the song was over, and then came to a stop, breathless, with the last few remaining couples on the floor. The hall burst into applause for the dancers, and Sam saw Sugar grinning down at them with a look of pure pride on her small round face.
“Ma'am, I can't take these,” he said. “They're—your husband's, I'm just a stranger.”
Dean’s voice choked.
“Let's—just focus on the task at hand,” Sam said, leaning forward a little. Taking control of the conversation, David thought. Diffusing the tension. “What kind of info do you have to start off?”
It was the beginning of September, the first lazy turn into the dying of things, but still hot as ever by the river in New Orleans.
A few minutes after he'd gone, in the stifling silence that leached into the room, Dean mumbled something about taking a shower and vanished into the claustrophobic bathroom.
“Oh, no, you know what? Come stay with Nate and I! We’ve got two rooms upstairs and I haven’t cooked for company in too long! The birds are polite at night, too, don’t worry about that, and Nate can tell you more about everything, with the kingfishers and the flood and all. He’s so much better at explaining than I am!”
Wincing, feeling strange and sore between his legs, Cas got up and went into the bathroom. He stood at the sink, leaning against the porcelain, avoiding his own eyes in the mirror, looking around. Towels, he supposed.
"All of these people have had long time lovers. Not necessarily married, but committed relationships," Cas said, with authority, and Sam looked up, brushing some hair out of his face. Cas pulled some of the more significant ones out and turned them so Sam could see them across the table.
"We think it's a bad thing. Well, Dean does. I don't know anymore...I don't...it's so weird."
Castiel's silence served as agreement. He wasn't sure how much this woman knew about them, about the things that had happened in the world, but he had a feeling she gathered enough.
“My husband,” Cas whispered, and Dean stuttered, helping Cas to work out of his shirt, throwing it behind them, bare chests flush, heartbeats vibrating against one another, blurring together.
The woman leaned around him to peer at them.
“You didn’t know what, Dean?” Cas asked, and Dean pulled away, wiped his eyes of tears that were quickly replaced by new ones.
Why?”
Cas didn’t hear the rest; everything locked up and he slumped against Dean, breathing deeply through his nose. Dean was doing the same, stroking the damp skin between his shoulder blades.
Sam hadn't liked that idea, but they had done as he was obliged.
He frantically undid the cord and the book fell open in his hands, pages fluttering. His eyes pored over the front page and then his expression darkened.
Lily huffed, tugging at her ponytail. Her hand fled back to her mouth immediately, picking at her lip, her old habit. “Okay—I'll tell you what I know about it. It's not much and I don't know what you boys are even looking for, so I don't know how much help I'll be. But you'll be hard pressed to find anyone else who'll tell you about it. At least in this town.”
“You’d be doing your best to get through it, and that’s all he’s doing, Dean. He’s just a kid, and he loves his mom, and I’m not going to let you take the last bit of control he has.”
Sam bit his lip. Shit. Something must have gone seriously wrong.
to be. Right down the road, about a day's drive.” Nate gestured out the window, past the screen porch. “It was the town misfortune. Children drowning in the river all months of the year. As long as anyone can remember. Swallowed 'em up like it was starving for them. Incredible, really, the way they used to die. The danger of a river town, I suppose. But not anymore.” He thumbed at his lower lip, nodding to himself. “Not anymore.”
“Well, if it stuck here,” Cas said, looking up at Dean with wide blue eyes as he passed him on the bed, “I'm sure it stuck somewhere else. Further down the river.”
Chuck smiled to himself, blinked against the light.
“And last time I checked, you had to be dead or dying to even see them.”
Cas stretched his arms over his head, having climbed out of the car last, leaning on one side and then the other, spine cracking. His back was to the brothers, and Dean looked up from fishing through the cigar box, momentarily distracted by the way Cas’ shirt rode up. After a few more seconds, the angel finished stretching and turned, coming to the back of the car to stand beside them.
"Mourning loved ones, apologies for the victims dying before their time, the city council speaking of the misfortune, but nothing substantial," he answered. "For all I can tell, these people merely walked into the river and never came out. No motive, really, just walked in."
“Can you look me in the eye,” Cas said, drawing himself up a little, catching Dean's face in his hand and catching his attention, “after everything we've seen, and everyone we've met, and tell me truly that you don't think there's even the slightest chance that this could be good? I know—I know what the reaper said. But I'm not sure anymore. I'm not sure of anything about it. If there's even the most remote possibility, if there's even the smallest notion of that—don't we owe it to ourselves to surrender to the benefit of the doubt?”
“I’d rather not,” Dean said quickly, cutting him off. His face clouded briefly with misery and Cas refrained from sighing, settling for a soft breath through his nose. “Let’s not talk about that.”
Which was, in fact, the case, on almost all counts; in the moment he would have chosen, there was a kind of silence. The muted percussion of whatever cassette Dean had in the system, and the gentle hum of the road, and the vague double-time of Castiel tapping his fingers in rhythm on the passenger door.
“How can I help you?” She smiled, all pearly teeth.
For a while they filled in blanks for her, the things she hadn't seen in her dreams. She told them, in turn, that she'd been dreaming ever since she was a girl, seeing things that hadn't come true yet, but always did, in time. While she talked of her visions Sam watched her face, felt the twist in his gut in reminder that once, he'd had visions too. He wondered if there were any sick blood in her, if any of it beat in parallel through their veins. Somehow, he felt that she was luckier than that.
“You’re not a monster. At least, for the moment – and even if you were a werewolf, it’s debatable.”
They drew a blank, not really sure what they'd witnessed. Definitely not the fire and brimstone that they'd anticipated.
It was well into the end of May; children and their parents lingered on the mulched playground near the parking lot, and a small coup of doves in a screen-and-wood dovecote cooed down on the little cement path to the water, flapping their wings and bathing in the shallow metal trays in the early morning sunlight.
She was an old woman, Olivia Delacroix. Since the day she had decided, simply, to never die, and all the years she had lasted since then, she had thought that she would live to see them here, reunited in full and at last—God's favorite characters, the ones He'd written so many stories about. But though she had known that someday they would be here in her parlor, learning of themselves, it still struck her with a frightening intensity, the profundity of it—of all of them, three tired and weary white boys sitting on her couch, and their souls gleaming brighter and louder to her old eyes than any sunrise she had ever seen.
“Oh,” she said, moving the pot of boiling water to the sink to drain. “Just about everything!”
“You sound like you've got something you want to spill.”
!” she exclaimed, looking at him, putting a hand over her heart, startled. “Sakes alive, I didn’t hear you come in at all, sweetheart! Have you been standing there long? I have to tell Nate to put that wind chime back up so I can hear when people pass through!”
“So I get to do all the legwork. Thanks,” Sam said, pocketing the keys with a grimace.
“Yeah.”
"Catfish are mud animals," she said, so quietly he had to strain to hear. As if she were reading out of a textbook, her voice low and thin. "Dirty things. Bottom feeders, Sam. They eat the dead. They scavenge and pick off the bones at the bottom."
And this time, Dean listened; he sent one last long look off back the way they'd come, and then came to the car, hands in defiant fists. He shrugged off the touch Cas offered and clambered into the back seat, crossing his arms not out of bitterness but almost to keep himself inside his own body, and Sam and Cas exchanged looks of worry before Sam slid back behind the wheel, and Cas slid into the back again.
They lingered for a moment on the porch.
At six thirty the lights dimmed considerably and a cheer went up, and there was a pop of acoustics as Sugar stepped off of her stool and up to her microphone.
sat snugly at the bottom of their contacts lists.
“You’re sure this is the only place in town?” Dean said, eyes narrowing. The man nodded, eyes full of sympathy.
There was a dock that stood out over the tiny fishing lake—more of a pond, really, now that Dean was closer. The old wood looked about as stable as the cabin, which wasn't saying much in its favor. He paused where it met the damp grass and came to a stop, rubbing at his eyes.
“What’s on your mind?”
They piled into the car and backed down off the bluff, and Cas looked back at the twinkling lights in the Olsson house windows until they vanished into the trees.
“Without—” Cas paused. “Without all of the rest, without all the other…say that again.”
She made some exasperated sound.
“Fact of the matter is,” she said, “I think I know what it all is, what it's got to do with you and your boys, and the love in it all. But I'm getting close to the end of my days, honey, and I can't know for sure.”
The careful footfalls; the imperceptible rustle of the dirt under steady feet; Olivia looked back at Dean, and for a moment she seemed sad. As if she knew she would not be seeing his face like this ever again. She knew he’d be different when he walked out of that water. He would have to be. He wouldn't be a catfish much longer.
Dean focused on the edge of the world, and on gaining it, and leaving it behind. He wasn't sure whether or not they should be rushing. He wasn't sure of anything. He thought that, maybe, they could reach New Orleans tonight, if they tried—but he wasn't sure he wanted that. There was a prickling at the base of his spine that had only increased the farther back Memphis dropped, the closer the highway brought them to the Big Easy. It wasn't excitement; it wasn't fear. It was unease, he supposed. Never before had he been quite so
“It doesn't feel real,” Cas said, leaning into him, breaking the breeze's quiet press.
“Just. Wanted you to know. Y'know.”
He laughed loudly and the sheriff chuckled, as if it were some private joke.
Dean’s arms framed his head on either side of the door once they reached it, kissing his neck – gold sunlight spilled under the crack at the bottom, striping their bare feet.
“They were just trying to help,” Sam said, breaking the silence of the car, his voice sounding too loud for the space and drowning out the riff of guitar bleeding from the speakers up front. “And besides, it’s over now.” He’d been watching his brother’s face for some time, and knew Dean was itching for a chance to go off again. It was in the way he kept adjusting his hands on the wheel or shifting his leg under the dashboard restlessly.
Cas cupped his face and bent down—he was very serene, Dean thought, for having been nearly drowned—and kissed him, and all rational thoughts floated blissfully from Dean's mind. He leaned into it, pushed into it, felt Cas' long damp eyelashes against his cheek.
Dean slowly unclenched his fist as the scrawny stranger approached them, rolling his eyes. “Look, if it’s about your bill,” he began, and the boy—Yann, Dean remembered—shook his head sharply side to side, his skinny arms flapping frantically.
“I know.”
a gleaming shape she floated by,
“I know,” he said. “We know.”
Hard water, filling the room with steam and warmth that couldn't soothe them all the way, the muddy taste dripping into Cas' mouth and washing out the acidic reminder of bile.
If it hadn't been such a fresh wound, Sam would have laughed at the way Cas stalked beside him, body drawn up and face stormy.
She started to say something, and stopped, and started again, clearing her throat.
Dean had been in a daze since the shock of it. Cas could see in the lines of his face that he hadn't been expecting it, and that he was still unsure of what had happened. There were dry tear-tracks on his face, and he kept rubbing at his knees, sliding his palm over the denim of his jeans, worrying the fabric.
when Dean had declared a craving for onion rings an hour after leaving Greenacre. It could have been stress, true, but Dean had been stressed before and not reacted like this. It was so out of the ordinary. Dean was usually the practical kind; you didn’t stop till it was absolutely necessary, trying to cover as much ground as you could between stops. Dean would often put off eating for hours if they had a long way to go, forgetting about his hunger in the drone of driving, lost in his tapes or a conversation or the road.
“Your basic American town – a little bit of industry. Some factories came in the late eighties and before that it was all farming community. They used to mine a ton of lead, though – like a
They slipped back into a sulk. Dean puzzled over Sam’s comment, turning it over and over in his head, trying to make sense of why he couldn’t form any sort of articulate answer. He had no idea why he had absorbed it so directly when it didn’t mean anything – just one of Sam Winchester’s ‘greatest sarcastic hits.' He rolled his shoulders stiffly and exhaled, his toes cracking in his boot when he flexed his foot, eyes blinking and retraining on the highway. The tired paint streaked under the Impala like runaway stars on the black tarmac. Cas, watching them too, thought they looked a lot like the dashed lines of a treasure map. His mouth quirked into a small smile.
Through the wide window of her halter top they could see the huge nebulous tattoo stretching over her shoulders and extending down, past her shirt, presumably all the way down her back. A night sky, it seemed, so rich and textured with indigos and purples and greens, golden flecks of starlight and silver-white moons, that it was almost hard to believe that it rested on her skin at all. One star—one star in particular—rested over the knob of spine where her vertebrae met her neck; its four points stretched out, enveloping, like arms embracing the universe below them. The top of it vanished up into her hairline, as if piercing the base of her skull.
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Dean said, words dead in the air, dead in his mouth. He threw up his arms weakly. “It’s fucked – it’s fucked up.”
In unison they went up front to pay, and then filed out of Marlene's. The sun was just rising in earnest, painting everything in thin yellow light, and Greenacre was waking up along with the light, neon
It was a little past five in the morning when Dean stirred again.
“Lily didn't say,” Sam mumbled, rubbing at his eyes. “Maybe Bobby knows.”
Whether it was that piece of Menominee soul, or maybe just the river water that made things grow so big, none could really say for sure. All that could be made of it was that Lily Francis was an awful lot of person for a tiny little town like Greenacre.
“Just a little.”
Neither Dean nor Castiel said anything. They were standing on opposite ends of the pile of bones, looking down at it, and not at one another.
“Mm. There should be.”
. Finishing, he thought, something so much bigger than themselves. Finishing the road they'd been on for so many years now, the one he'd always rather imagined—always rather hoped—would lead to something like this, today.
Sam glanced at Cas, whose fists were clenched, his expression a mixture of hurt and upset and just plain furious, and he gently touched his shoulder.
“Don’t you go telling me things like that. Don’t you go tying me down,” she said. “You just call me when you get a mind. I’ll write my number down for you and if you ever think about it, you just call me. That’ll be that.”
They drove aimlessly east, having doubled back through Dubois, and stopped at a place truly without location, a motel between towns with a sign so weathered it could hardly be read. It was quiet, out among farmland and rolling fields of summer grain, and for the silence Dean was thankful. The entire building was one story, ten rooms—normally a place they'd have passed right by on any other night, in search of better accommodation, but beggars couldn't be choosers, and by the time evening was falling they were all sick of being cramped in the car with Dean's anger and confusion thickening the air, and were glad of the sunset parking lot.
“This.” he picked up the book and held it, pushed it towards Cas’ chest. “This, Cas. Everything.”
But then it couldn't hurt to try.
“Well, last time you said...you said you weren't the man for me. That I should pick up, leave town, be happy. And now you say—you're coming back for me, someday, whenever. What changed?”
“I got—turned. Years ago. I was thirteen, maybe, I don't remember, but—I've always done my best to never hurt anyone. I swear, okay?” He looked at all of them, hand flat on the table as if to push his point. “Every month I make up some excuse to go, you know, up. Away from people. My uncle has this cabin, he never uses it. Way up by St Cloud.”
Cas shook his head, his hands shaking. He longed to let them rest on Dean. He longed to pull him into his arms – but he didn’t know how. He didn’t know how to do that. He still wasn't sure exactly what he'd just witnessed. He waited instead, waited for Dean to make some sign, to come to him, but Dean was consumed with whatever he was feeling at the moment, clutching the little red dog instead.
“You ask hard questions!” She giggled again. She had a bustling way of talking, like a train barreling forward without any intention of stopping. “For a lot of reasons, I s’pose. Love and luck, and all of that...”
Something intangible seemed to twitch in the air, then, over the sticky Formica table and the half-finished plates of food, an almost insignificant chill that scrambled over their shoulders. With mild surprise Cas felt the sensation of goosebumps, but looked down at his bare forearms to see nothing there.
Cas. A vision on the bank, standing, waiting, watching him. Glowing under the fainting sun and their eyes met and Dean was already moving—moth to a flame, drawn to the promise of so much. The one who had come far for him, who was dusty-footed and wise, who had come to take his hand; come to be with him; come to walk with him; come to know him.
“Assuming it knows anything at all,” Dean grumbled.
“Dean,” Cas said, averting his eyes, almost in warning.
“Beautiful,” Dean said again, hand brushing over Cas’ stomach. The muscles leapt under his touch, Cas’ body rising and falling as his fingers drifted downward, scratched through the thatch of hair between his hips, palmed his cock.
“That I don’t know,” she quipped, laying the shirt out on the board, letting the sleeves dangle, her bangles clacking together on her thin wrists. “Some magic, probably, knowing them.”
“Amos Porter went preaching on a steamboat,” Sam said. He was watching her intently, as if he wanted to put his arm around her, but wasn't sure if it were apropos or not. “Does the Mississippi have anything to do with what he believed?”
Dean’s bare-tooth smile, biting his shoulder, his arm, shoved off again, greeted with an empty chastisement. Cas went tripping into the weedy grass, ambling along, wondering at the birds above and the tilt of the cypress branches, the perfume of columbine at the river edge, the swollen din of toads and crickets.
“I dunno, I thought—I was thinking, last night, about some of the stuff I heard about. Read about. Weird stuff, like I said, but not terrible. That kind of sticks out, you know? So—maybe—”
“Let’s just see, okay?” Sam insisted, and the disagreement wore itself out.
Dean came back up the ditch, wiping at his mouth with the back of his hand. Sam turned back towards the front, and Cas moved to open the door, but Dean didn't even look at them. Instead he walked into the middle of the road, the long empty road, staring back the way they'd come, looking ready to fidget out of his skin.
“Kingfishers hunt fish,” Cas said softly, airing out the uncomfortable silent mutual thought in his usual way. “It stands to reason...after—”
“I’d like to see the river,” Cas said, looking up only to immediately meet Dean’s eyes. Dean felt embarrassed for staring, but Cas didn’t seem bothered, nibbling another section of his bacon. “If we have time.”
“Come with me, sweet,” she whispered, so as not to disturb. She looked at the forms buried under his arms. “You’ve done your part and done it well.”
“You okay, kid?” he said, warily.
you sass me!” she scolded, lifting her finger to jab at the air in front of Dean. “I’m here to play the shepherd but I ain't gonna be sassed while I do it!”
“Well now,” she said. “It's been so long since we've had guests! I don't think we had a proper introduction, did we?”
“I could tell you stories like the government tells lies; oh, but no one listens anymore.”
Sam smiled, sympathetically, and moved a little closer to Castiel, as if by the presence of his body he could soothe a little of the ache he knew was harboring in his friend's chest.
He smiled a little, kissing Dean’s forehead, mapping his hairline with his mouth. He held Dean’s face in his hands, thumbs brushing over his cheekbones, so close that the golden scatter of freckles on his brow blurred. He kissed under his left eye, then his right. Their foreheads touched and Cas bumped their noses together.
face, usually reserved for couples engaged in public displays of affection. He smiled. Sam and the Francis girl were looking at each other like they never wanted to stop looking. Cas knew how that felt—it was the urge that made him long to stare at Dean the way he did, the instinct that he always seemed to unconsciously hope would draw Dean's gaze back to him in return.
Cas opened the motel window when they got back, and leaned against the air conditioning unit with his head against the glass for a long time while the brothers got ready for bed. He hadn't realized the night before, in his concentration on being angry at Dean, that the river must have run close to the motel as well—he could just hear it, under the surge of night insects and the sound of the wind, across the parking lot, past the trees.
“You take that attitude down to Grand-mère and she’ll turn you right out! She ain't got no time for any of that,” the girl insisted. “Grand-mère don’t let nobody walk over her, whether you need that prayer book or not!”
“Where are we supposed to go next, then?”
The one rule, when sharing Dean's bed, was
“You are remarkable.”
“The party,” he said distantly, after a moment. They had been kissing again, deep and slow, and Dean broke away with something like irritation.
“That's good.”
“I can hear you thinkin’ from all the way over here,” Olivia barked, glancing up at him. “You thinkin’ about good things, I hope.”
; his love, spanning the eons and the ages, the rivers, the world, his love so deep and wide and waiting, revived at last, reborn, reconstituted.
the sensation of goosebumps. It was the heat of the morning in the room. There were no hairs raised on his arms.
He had such good hands; such strong hands.
“About the book.”
“The thing of it is,” she said, “that it's all simple. I'm saying this for poor Brother here, big old eyes like dinner plates.” She smiled at Sam, who shifted uneasily. “I think you two understand a little better what it all means.”
“Dean.” Cas said his name for the umpteenth time in the past twenty four hours. His voice was the ever-patient vibration across the cramped room, never diverging from total tolerance. “I think you might be stressed.”
He hoped nothing horrifically strange would happen here. Dean had been on edge since booking it out of Dubois, and no amount of gentle touch from Cas had seemed to calm his nerves. He'd been cross and anxious, and of course neither Cas nor Sam could blame him. He'd been essentially attacked by two strangers. It was enough to rattle anybody.
Finally.
“I have seen so many things. Things you wouldn’t believe,” he murmured, nuzzling his mouth against Dean’s knuckles. “But you are so beautiful and whole that none of it could ever compare.”
“In the shallows near some bridge.” They passed an opening in the trees and David paused, pointed out toward the muddy water—the single bridge lying over the tributary, leading out of town, an old and rusted red thing looming low over the current. “Thinks she was seein' things. Didn't much want to go into it.”
Sam shook his head slowly, the pinch returning. The upset in her eyes made him worry.
A bone-thin young man, hardly more than a teenager, had come in, all pale haphazard hair and big blue eyes, and he was working his jaw in a way that said he was nervous. He met Dean's gaze for half an instant and then wandered towards the counter, to slide onto one of the high stools and tap his fingers anxiously on the bar.
“I’m sorry,” Dean replied, voice thick with sarcasm. “Were you not around when Cas nearly
,” Dean said, voice strained, despite Cas' attempts to calm him.
Dean whimpered, hand threading through Cas’ hair. He didn’t care about a party. He didn’t care about anything – he hated it. He hated the second skin of their clothes. He wanted to rid himself of them; he wanted to undress Cas, see him, feel him against him, bare and open. He knew Cas wanted the same; he was just more hung up on the hospitality.
Castiel blinked at him and then took a bite, crunching the skin thoughtfully.
Yann looked at him for a moment and then ducked his head, nodding, but his eyes darted anxiously across the floor in a way that seemed to suggest he'd accepted nothing, or was still holding something back.
They didn't say anything else for a very long time, and she heard him breathing, heard distant cicadas, knew that she was listening to the same night at the other end of the river, that the moon she could glimpse through the slats of the blinds was the same one that hung over him. Perhaps a little yellower with swamp air, or dazed by the noise of the crickets.
Castiel clenched his fingers uncertainly. Drum smiled.
"Me too. Please don't think that I don't, because I do, Lily, I—haven't felt this way about anyone in a long time. I had someone when I was a lot younger, and she..."
Dean looked up from the bite of caramel apple he was busy with, tucking a few stray pieces of peanut into his mouth. He chewed and swallowed, watching his younger brother approach them out of what seemed like nowhere.
“What was that?” Sam said, firmly but softly. “What was it exactly? What happened?”
He would find him again. He wouldn’t be lost in the river. There was a man on the shore waiting for him, waiting to guide him out, with a light to coax him to shore. He would not be stranded there. He would not be alone.
Castiel sighed, looking up at the house instead.
Dean cut the engine and the night sounds swelled, filling the mute space the Impala had left. They sat, hypnotized.
“Oh –yeah, coming,” Sam said, striding over to Cas, carefully navigating along the spidery-legged end tables and glass-paned curio cabinet. The rug sprawled on the floor and the curtains ruffled with a light breeze. There was a scrape of trees against the outside wall and a rattle of leaves and the opalescent spray of color on the baseboard from a trinket hanging in the window, the pale summer sun playing through it.
The next morning, Dean surprised both his brother and the angel by saying that he wanted to head out to the library with Sam after all. His reasoning, when pressed, was that the damn birds might be quieter inside, and less likely to peck his eyes out than if he were stumbling around town looking for pet shops and courthouse archives. It seemed the respite of the night before, whether brought on by Castiel's late-dark kisses or something else, had ended; Dean had stormed out of the shower that morning mumbling about how he was going to get out his shotgun and blast every last one of those chattering things to Hell if they didn't can it soon.
The night buried them.
a story. A long, laborious history of love and perseverance on the side of the Francis family – flat broke, some guy gave us a few peach pits, and voila!” She waved her hands in front of her face and slapped them down on the wheel. “Miracle peaches. Best in the state. Probably the country, if you ask me.”
“Mira, Rosa,
Sam’s hair was damp and tousled from his shower and Dean smirked at how too-tall he was for the room he was in. He must have bumped his fingers on the ceiling fan at least a dozen times changing the night before and that morning.
“Wants to meet us at that cafe-on-wheels thing,” he said, in answer to Cas' curious tilt of the head. “You hungry?”
"Yann," she sighed, her cheeks going rosy at the mention of whatever it was. She touched her hot cheek and shook her head.
. Increasingly these days Cas found himself wanting to break that addition, if just to smooth down Dean's T-shirt, or the lines of his face. It was a peculiar itch in his fingers, a very small need. He quashed it as best he could, and turned his body to the wall, stretching out his injured leg as much as possible, tangling his fingers together under the covers.
Columbine, perhaps.
“I don’t know Dean, I’ll look it up tomorrow.”
“Well—”
“How deep is it?” Cas asked, turning his attention very obviously to Sam. “At the middle?”
“You think?”
Looking back—had he been the one to record it all, or been any kind of novelist—Sam Winchester might have started at the beginning with
“I dunno how useful it'll be, but—”
She tumbled in and they followed, still rattled by the encounter. It wasn’t every day they were flagged down by hookers and invited to dinner—but then again, all manner of strange folk had been inviting them to dinner lately, and nothing about anything seemed everyday.
“If you will excuse us.” Matsu Kami bowed. “I should like to go closer and hear this lovely music. Come along, Momoko.” Together they drifted away.
“Oh,” Cas breathed, eye lashes fluttering. The ceiling stretched above his head, constellations appearing out of the stucco – flowers and stars and fish.
“Summon a reaper,” Cas said, slowly. “Here.”
“So I thought I'd give it a shot. You know.” He pulled in trembling air. “I figure we owe ourselves that much. You and me.”
The wall of sound hit them as soon as they’d gotten inside, coming from a band up on the small stage, the dance floor in the center crawling with couples. A bar at the back was doling out beers, and people were sitting at plastic tables and chairs sipping and chatting and laughing, their faces red with dancing and booze.
anything's happening.”
“Mmm.” Cas leaned into him a little, tilted his face up towards the day. “Only if we don't have to stay in them long.”
September eighteenth was the day that Dean and Castiel had chosen.
“Are we, though?” Cas asked, abruptly, unable to keep the question back anymore. “Strangers?”
He couldn’t hear any birds. Thank God.
Cas let his eyes wander over Dean’s form, flicking from top to bottom as they were wont to do, tracing the lines of his shoulders and the broad sweep of his chest. Dean sagged under the weight of the day; a few pieces of his mussed hair drooped over his forehead and he kept rolling his neck back and forth in an unconscious way.
"I don't want anybody else."
“Well, this year they pulled in a record harvest. We’re talking
“Why, I do believe they might be dancing,” he murmured, listening to the footfall.
Dean slid from the chair. His knees bit into the edge of the rug where it met the floor and he bowed his head, took the slender hands in his own. He bent over Cas’ lap. He kissed the skin of his hands, adoring it, mouthed a spot on one of his knuckles.
With no more room for waiting, Dean did what he'd been doing his whole life and took a step forward.
“Yeah?” Sam sat back, waiting for Cas’ response. The angel glanced at Dean and then back to his younger brother.
Olivia turned to her audience and gestured to the snake under the table, sounding frustrated. "My little monster."
Dean broke from his reverie and blinked.
“Yeah.” Dean sighed, and then looked at him. There was something smoother to his face, now, Cas thought. A little less stress in the skin at his eyes, a little less weight on the corners of his mouth. “I'm fine. I promise.”
Really, he thought, the only good thing to come out of all this so far—that is, the only thing to make him feel remotely better about the circumstances—was the situation with Cas. The touch of him. Kissing him. The night before, that sudden little surge of affection between them, that had been alright. That had been more than alright. It had been good. It had been
"Come here, let me see you!" she said, and he found himself bent over as she took his face in her hands and kissed both his cheeks before releasing him as a grandmother might.
“I feel so terrible about her machine,” Cas said quietly, petting the wounded steel frame with a tender hand. He looked at the old yellowed buttons and touched them one by one.
“Together.”
“You got those awful wide shoulders,” she sighed, “But I think this will do. Yes, I think this will do fine. Hopefully not too tight in the chest…”
“My Aaron's,” she said, patting his arm. “I saw that yours were comin' apart at the seams, honey. You're a walker—you need fine shoes if you're goin' to walk the riverbank with those two out there on your arm. You're their dust, child. They're gonna need a strong arm to lean on.”
“Oh, yes. Very odd.”
A petal caught on Sam’s hair and another drifted into Cas’ palm, the florid ceiling waving with soft tremors of movement. There was a hush; the world was muffled in the wake of the whispering boughs. The trio stopped walking and merely stood, staring up, consumed.
Her eyes widened and she nodded violently. “Oh yes, it’s almost mad, isn’t it? They are getting in the way all over the place!”
“What?”
“Why is that?”
“Lily,” Cas corrected, also looking at Sam, curious. “Her name is Lily.”
Mouths slanting to fit, gasping, open, sharing, giving, asking, answering, words and whispers, promises passing between them –
“Good enough for me,” Dean said. They looked at Cas for confirmation and he nodded.
Cas followed his hand, pressing into it, kissing his palm.
“Sam,” Dean said, in the tone of voice that meant
“Dean,” Sam said, and Dean threw up a hand to silence him.
“Sorry boys, but can’t give you anything for the next week, at least. Everything’s getting gutted. Finally got a call from the chain for an update and they’ll be here at five AM tomorrow to start pulling the carpet up and moving all the furniture out. I would have turned off the sign but we don’t get many outside visits.”
“Uh—are you sure?”
“So what are we going to do? Just wander and hope we come across something? That sounds like a grand waste of my time, Bobby.”
“Come on, pull it together,” Dean grunted, and Yann turned his face into his sleeve to mop at his tears, his sobs stuttering to hiccups and eventually stopping all together.
On the way out of the restaurant David grabbed Dean’s arm, and the hunter turned with a look of confusion. David stared squarely into his face.
“But it’s
She cleared her throat. Looked at them.
Her sisters didn’t understand (except Violet—but Violet was intrinsically understanding of all people and didn’t count), and her mother and her father were well on their way to a panic attack over her ongoing single status. She was by far the most beautiful and charming of her sisters; she should have been married at eighteen and helping whatever husband she had to take over the orchard. Clint, too asinine to settle down, had a string of girlfriends and no wife, so the task of carrying on the legacy of the Francis Peach Farm had fallen to his younger brother and, by default, his daughters.
"Hey!"
There was a collective inhale from the three hunters and Nate crunched his toast while Sugar swirled cream into her coffee.
It wasn't too much longer before, under dim lamplight, Sam softly announced that he was going to sleep, and that they should, too. In passing them, sitting on the bed on the opposite end of the tiny cabin from his, he let his hand linger on both of their shoulders, and said a quiet goodnight.
"You are my best friend."
“Everyone on board was killed. But we're interested in one.” Cas picked up the river journal from the bed and held it up; the imprinted sigil of the star and the catfish caught the dim remaining light and he was not oblivious to the flicker of the reaper's eyes to it, the way his face went slightly pale. “Amos Porter.”
“When was the last time anyone was this nice to us?” Sam said softly, eyeing the vanishing of the stairs down to the landing. “Shouldn't we just enjoy it?”
“Did you tell him?” Nate asked, sliding an arm around Sugar's waist in front of the living room window. Her fingers still hung beside her lips, like a fond mother watching her children slip away into the sky.
“Shit,” he breathed, and then he was tearing back around the bed, fumbling for his jeans in the dark. “Shit, shit, shit—”
“Alright, Better Homes and Gardens,” Dean mused, watching Castiel’s back melt into the shadows of the front of the house. He was used to the weird profundities Cas spouted, but that had been odd, even for him. Since when did Cas care about the state of other people’s living situations? Especially ones used as safe houses for pubescent werewolves?
, the clear denotation of separation, a vast gap.
“What?” Sam said, shrugging. “I had some time to kill before we left the motel. I hacked the database. Fixed things up. Made everything cheaper for her.”
“A dog?
Cas leaned on the Impala's trunk, sighing, head dropping between his shoulders. Sam came to stand beside him, looking back down the road, half-expecting the two children to come running down the street after them.
“I know, right? It’s insane.”
“How can it be that we've never heard this story before? If it's so grand and so important.” For want of something to do with his hands more than anything else Cas came to stand beside her and pulled a dishcloth from the handle of the stove, pulling a cup out of the water to dry. “I've been—around for a very long time and I've never once heard that story.”
“Dozens of them up in the Ozarks,” she said. “I'm sure someone there can tell you where y'all need to go next. Or give you more answers than I can.”
"No ma’am," Sam said quietly. "Our mother passed away."
Sam wasn't exactly sure what decorum was, now that his brother was being openly romantic with an angel. Not that it changed anything, but it made getting on the road a bit more touch-and-go, he thought, surveying the empty double room, his packed-up duffel bag waiting on the dinette.
"No," Cas replied, rubbing his forehead with the back of his hand. All his energy seemed to have faded into his familiar quietude. "As far as I know all the
he thought, a reassurance to himself.
“Sounds fine to me,” Dean drawled, adjusting his sunglasses and settling back down into his chair. He looked over his shoulder, into the backseat, at the angel who hadn’t said anything in some time.
that he had. He could just scroll across her name and hit the green call button. It wouldn't take much.
At least then, there had been apologies.
Castiel covered his face with his hands.
Cas nodded, dropping his head again, ashamed.
The water parted before him, giving him easy passage.
“I just need a second.”
“So why are you making us move rooms?” Dean teased. They remained at the table after the dishes, drinking coffee, watching smoke pillow from the end of Olivia’s cigarette. She occasionally indulged herself one or two as the sun set, nibbling on some cake she’d made or a bit of candied fruit. “Worried about the noise?”
For the first time in a while, Sam knew, Dean wasn't thinking about the girl and boy in Dubois, or the binder full of miracles, or demons in Nebraska. He was tipsy on dancing and easy light.
Cas hummed in his throat, neither a sound of agreement nor dissent.
"That you can't be that person. How do you know?" Her voice was even and calm, and Sam tried to figure what to say.
“Not as much,” Cas said softly. “Only a little.”
as he had never longed before, for those hands on his body, to reach in and claim him, to catch him, to hold him. To never part from them, to never know a day without them, the wonderful, perfect hands of this man.
Dean breathed it in. His lungs felt fuzzy, like a chest cold, like when they were little and Sam would fall asleep halfway on top of him, heavy head resting right on his breastbone. He recalled one tired English class in some nameless town, the teacher waxing poetic on the author’s use of the senses. Some girl in the front had mentioned that memories were actually most accurately recalled by specific scents...
Cas trailed away, and Dean stilled, looking down Cas’ body to where his hand was curled over his thigh.
“I'd have to look it up,” Sam said, shrugging. “Not too deep, I don't think. Could probably wade across this part of it if you were careful.”
The book lay open in Dean's lap, across his knees. And Madame Olivia sat in her chair and watched them fall apart, clutching one another like drowning men, and she stroked her lower lip and hummed softly to herself.
“'Preciate it,” he said and the man smiled back in relief that he had helped them.
where the book is?”
They were sopping wet, extremely cold, both of them shivering with shock and adrenaline, and Dean's face was pressed into Cas' neck, and Cas froze for a moment, kneeling in the rocks and muck with him, before he hesitantly put his arms around him, clutched him back.
The old god sighed, shifting on the cushion on the floor. He looked out at Dean and at Cas on the edge of the dock, their bodies tipping towards each other.
“If he’s smart, he won’t,” Dean replied, and Cas scowled at him.
Dean’s fingers found their way into Cas’ hair, and he moaned, soft. Cas’ hands palming him, sliding up and down, feeling over him in between the motions of unbuttoning his fly. Dean kicked off his shoes, shoved them aside, foot catching on his abandoned shirt.
Dean turned, leaning one bare arm on the windowsill, shoulders twisting. “Yeah, you'd like that, huh.”
“These kinds,” she mumbled. “He scares people.”
Dean laughed, and Cas laughed as well, and with easy limbs they held one another for a moment, kissed, breathed; retrieved their trousers from the floor, the loose wedding things, and helped each other dress, if only partway, buttoning buttons and smoothing fabric. The suspenders Sam had so carefully fitted into the small of Cas' back still dangled from his hems.
Just a woman and fat yellow snake and the gumbo simmering on the stove.
“It’s gotta be,” Sam mumbled, watching Cas move ahead, climbing the two solid steps to the porch that hung precariously on its stilts above the soft stream current. He stood for a moment, peering into the dark entrance.
"I don't know," Cas whispered, brows furrowing in confusion, privately trying to piece it together as he voiced it for Sam. "It's like he's
“Absolutely! Galilee's been hosting a dance every Thursday night for as long as anybody can remember.” Sugar held open the front door for them, waving them inside, one after another. “Nate and I play every week, house is empty for a good four hours, so you've got to come along.”
Cas tangled his hands together in his lap and tried to settle in. He glanced at Dean, the long line of his body, the fold of his arms over his chest and his Adam's apple working in his throat. He wanted very much to lean against him, rest his head on his shoulder, maybe, but he knew Dean would shrug him off even though Sam wasn't there. It frustrated him, being this
“Under tower and balcony,
“Don’t hang around,” she said, thickly, once they were parted.
“They’ll be ready in about an hour. Don’t bring any of them boys thru my kitchen, these cakes need quiet to rise.” She ordered. Ash gave her a mock salute to show he understood. He checked over a few more things in the kitchen before going back out into the bar. In the time he was back there, the bar had really been filling up.
“Tonight’s going to be epic!” he said. In preparation for the big event he had hired a new bartender and vegan chef, a young woman who he interviewed just a few hours before; he got a DJ who went by the name ‘Lil’ Gow-Wow’ as well as a number of other bands to play. And to top it all off, Andy Gallagher agreed to be the opening act of doing stand-up Comedy at 7pm.
“I wonder if he’ll want Sonny to do it. Or Jim Murphy?” Sam started babbling on as he walked away and Ash, not knowing who Sonny was but having other concerns at the moment, ignored him. After helping a few of the other guests decorate, which was difficult because they all had their own ideas on how this wedding should go and just ended with Jack using his God powers to set it how he thought his dad’s would want it, 4pm finally arrived.
As Ellen was about to call it quits she noticed a figure in the corner of the screen. She paused it, bringing up the image to make it larger and frowned. Dean Winchester was sitting at the bar while the fight with Ash and Elvis was going on in the back, ordering two beers while his new husband stood right behind him. The punk snuck back in and didn’t even have the decency to give her a hug on his way out? He was in for it now. She pulled out her phone, calling Ash.
“That crowd is getting excited…oh no.” Bill groaned and Ash turned to see what he was looking at. “You really opened a gift shop in the bar?” he asked. Ash turned back to the old hunter, grinning.
“I’m alright, but Dean isn’t going to be when I get my hands on him!” she said. Ash huffed.
Free was Ash’s favorite price.
“Aww, but he bought our table drinks.” Someone called. Ash ignored it for the time being. His bands hadn’t arrived yet and he was going to have to come up with something soon before people started tearing up the joint.
“Dr. Badass!” Ash answered from the other side. She could hear his motorcycle’s engine in the background.
“Where’s Jo?” he asked. Ellen sighed.
“Whose all coming?” Bill asked. The boys said they wanted it to be a small affair, but who knows what that meant when it came to hunters. Bobby shrugged.
“Mom, I picked up the stuff to make the red lava cakes and the little cinnamon red hearts too.” she said. Ellen nodded in gratitude. After a moment another thought occurred to her and she opened her mouth to voice it but Jo just smirked. “Dad’s getting a barrel of rock salt too. We don’t want any demons causing any problems today.” she said. Ellen chuckled. Her daughter was definitely a hunter.
“We got V-day cakes!” Bill yelled, coming out of the kitchen with a try. He barley made it two steps before people were swamping him, removing the treats from the tray. Within seconds the tray was empty and Bill turned back to the kitchen, probably to get some more.
“With Bobby Singer and Prince.” She said. Ash made an indigent squawk over the phone
“You partied and left me with the fights?” he yelled. After a moment he sounded much calmer. “I would have done the same. Anyway, we’re starting repairs next week. I’m taking a break.” Then the line went dead.
“Hey, Ash…” Sam rushed up to him, looking a little lost. Ash raised an eyebrow, traying to remind Sam that he had a business to run. “Who’s…who’s officiating the wedding?” Sam asked. Ash shrugged.
“Then stall them.” She ordered. Ash opened his mouth to ask how, but Ellen beat him to it. “Give them free shots of fireball, tell a few jokes, I don’t know, you’re the MIT graduate, figure it out.” She ordered. Ash left the kitchen rather quickly to do as she said. In his absence people had been getting a little bit rambunctious.
“I’m gonna go check on Ellen.” he announced before heading to the kitchen. Ellen was putting something in the oven. “How’s the lava cakes?” he asked.
“We got those thousand pies in the fridge.” he said. A few days ago a delivery of one thousand pies arrived at the Roadhouse. There was only a single note attacked to them, saying ‘from a friend’. Ash used his old computer hacking skills to track the shipment back to a place called Family Business Beer Company. He wasn’t completely sure, but he thinks ‘Sister Jo’ had something to do with it.
“What’s going on here?” Ash frowned. That voice was very familiar. A figure was standing in front of him, offering a hand to pull him up. Ash could make out the blue cardigan from the halo of light and knew only one person who wore that. Ash accepted the hand and Aaron Bass pulled him to his feet. The noise and the light were gone, almost like Aaron and his Golem’s presence scared off their mystery attacker. Aaron looked around, seeing many of the hunters and other guests staring at them. “I have no idea what is happening here.” The man admitted. Ash grinned and clapped him on the shoulder.
Hearing a commotion, Ash saw a few of the customers getting in each other’s faces. This wasn’t good. People are hungry and hungry hunters especially where nothing but trouble. Looking around he was surprised to see Ellen’s lava cakes weren’t out yet. They should have been put around hours ago. Ash quickly went into the kitchen. “Ellen, where’s the cakes?” he asked. Ash froze in the door. The oven was smoking, Bill putting out a fire with a fire extinguisher. Ellen was scolding two people, Ash was vaguely sure he recognized them, one a hunter and one wasn’t. Ellen turned to him, furious.
“Yeah?” Andy answered after a few minutes, sounding like he just woke up. Ash frowned.
Ash felt someone tapping his shoulder and turned around to see a delivery man. “Excuse me Sir, this is Harvelle’s Roadhouse correct?” Ash nodded. The man held out a clipboard. “I just need you to sign for this delivery.” he said. Ash tried to remember if another delivery was due but for the life of him he couldn’t think of one.
Ellen made her way back inside and went to the main office. She found the security cameras and decided to look through them just to see what she missed. It looked like everyone had fun, even if it was going to take weeks to fix this. And they had Saint Patrick’s Day coming up too. People were going to expect them to have an event for that day too.
“Are we almost ready?” Bill asked. Ash shrugged. He figured they were ready as they ever were going to be.
“Oh, I’m on my way. What am I doing again?” Ash briefly wondered how much Andy smoked.
“Just hurry up.” He said, then he hung up. The DJ will hold everyone over until Andy got there. For now he figured he could open the doors and let the people outside in. After all the reception group were in the bar and it hardly made a difference anymore. Tonight, only there would be no limit on the people allowed in the Roadhouse. Within moments of Ash throwing open the doors, people flooded in and the Roadhouse was packed.
“Where were you?” he asked.
“Hang onto your britches, we’re bringing them out as fast as we can. As you can see we got a little backed up.” She said. Ash nodded.
“Ash…” she started.
They had set up the Roadhouse for the Valentine’s Day party, so there wasn’t really many places to sit. There also wasn’t a specified side for Dean’s guests or Cas’ guests because outside of a few exceptions, everyone practically knew everyone. Jim Murphy ended up being the one Dean asked to officiate the wedding. After all he was the only parental figure for both Dean and Castiel present who was an ordained minister. Castiel didn’t have a father present, as his own was a piece of crap, so instead Amara his aunt, was there along with Claire. For Dean; John, Bobby, and Sonny were all there and since he had multiple mother figures in the form of Mary, Missouri, Jody, and Ellen he had asked Rowena to be the one to go with him. It also put Crowley in a rage. Cas’ groomsmen were Meg, Hannah, Balthazar, Claire, and Gabriel. For Dean it was Charlie, Kevin, Garth, Benny, and Crowley. Jack was the ring bearer and Kaia, Patience, and Alex were the flower maiden’s. And of course, Sam stood beside Dean as his best man.
“Good, because people are already lining up outside.” She said. Ash rushed to the window to glance out. Jo was right. For a moment he wasn’t even sure if it was for the wedding, the Valentine’s event, or both. A movement in the back caught his eye and he could see Bill making his way through, pushing a barrel with a box on top. Ash let out a relieved sigh when the crowd parted and let the man through without much fuss. He opened the door for Ellen’s husband, holding it open long enough for the man to pass through before pushing it shut again.
Ellen made her way back to the Roadhouse. She paused in shock, seeing half the building gone and the windows and doors boarded up. The ‘Do Not Enter’ sign on the door looked rushed, like Ash made it in a hurry. She wondered just what happened when she left last night. When she had finished making the cakes, she had slipped outside to get some fresh air. She was shocked to see Bobby Singer and Prince of all people smoking behind the bar. Bobby told her how they were old friends and the two invited her to join them for the evening. Her, Bobby, and Prince had a few whiskey’s and sang old classic rocks songs until the sun came up. Looks like she missed one hell of a party.
“You my friend, unwittingly and single-handedly just saved Valentine’s Day.” He said. Everyone cheered. “A round of drinks!” Ash yelled and everyone cheered louder.
“Hell yeah. And tonight they are offering mullet haircuts.” He said. With a dramatic flair, Ash tosses his hair behind his shoulder. He had put extra hairspray in it today, just in case things got too rowdy. Hearing a chuckle behind him, Ash turned back to see Jo was hanging up a sign, showing their new Thursday night Bingo events and Saturday night Karaoke. Ellen had argued against a weekend night for karaoke since hunters like to get rowdy and fight, but as Ash pointed out, this was a Roadhouse. Fighting was expected.
“Good, because everyone is on their way.” Ash turned around in surprise at the new voice to see Bobby Singer had come in the back door. He wasn’t dressed like he was going to a wedding, but it’s not like Hunter’s had formal clothes. Besides, Dean and Cas wouldn’t want this to be a big fancy affair. They wanted it to be real, and hunters, demons, angels, and the souls of the dead were about as real as it got.
Ash smiled as he looked around the bar. It took a little work to get it cleaned up after last nights ‘Ghost’ and ‘Easy Rider’ double feature event, but it was all worth it. Tonight was going to be a Valentine’s Day for the history books. “Ash, where have you been? Don’t go off wasting time, there’s too much to do.” Ellen scolded, coming into the bar. Ash couldn’t help but smile. Back when he was alive, he had stayed in Ellen’s Roadhouse. However now that they were in Heaven, the Roadhouse was owned by him. He wasn’t the best at running a bar though, so he and Ellen were partners.
“Well, I’ll get started with those cakes.” Ellen grabbed the bags and was about to head to the kitchen when she froze. Turning back, she gave Ash and Jo a horrified look.
“I told her we needed extra security tonight.” He hissed. Andy wasn’t here yet either. He raised a hand, signaling over his new bartender. “Set up a round of free shots with the Winchester cousin’s whisky and tell the DJ to play Pink Floyd.” She nodded and left to do so. Ash went behind the bar, pulling out a beer from the fridge. He didn’t realize how much work it was to run such an event.
“Someday,” Cas said, quietly, after a moment. “When we're needed again.”
She drummed her fingers on the table.
“Date.”
He turned to go back into the room, back to bed and back to Cas—and stopped dead.
“Hey.”
They got back to the motel late, too exhausted to do much more than dry off and collapse to sleep.
“Guys, there are so many people here,” Sam said, after he'd returned a breathless Cas to solid ground, regaining a little of himself. “Yann’s here, and Kami and Momoko, and who else—the Byrnes, they’re here—I don’t know
, if only to save him the awkwardness of breaking the quiet himself. Even if they were yelling at each other, at least it would have been noise.
“It doesn’t matter,” Cas bit out, throwing his fork down onto his plate, chair squealing as he pushed back from the table. “Can we go?” He stared at Sam, his voice venomous. “I don’t want to inconvenience your brother anymore.”
Dean sat up straight, the motel mattress creaking under him. Cas shifted, sighing, and Dean stared at the drapes. He couldn’t see them, but he knew they were there. He tensed, waiting.
They heard the sounds of coffee cups clattering in the dining room, and she pushed her chair forward with a little hum of the tiny engine. For a moment Dean and Castiel stood in the hall, breathless, for some reason, in the wake of the little woman who had created so much.
“Dean—”
Dean shrugged, folding his arms over his chest, eyes retraining on the dancers. Cas tapped his index finger on the handle of the plastic fork beside him, not saying much. Sam turned his head back to the dance floor, the brief exchange halting and hanging unfinished in the air. Sam ran his tongue over the bottom of edge of his teeth and thought.
Her arm untangled from his as she moved to enter the tent, awkwardly twisting away from him. Without thinking, Sam caught her hand as she pulled back; she froze and nearly tripped over her feet once they’d stopped moving.
They felt loose, boneless, almost renewed, and Cas let his body rest against Dean's, the soft swell of his hip and the broad solidity of his chest. He smelled of work and damp, and Castiel's shoes dangled from two fingers, his bare feet still streaked with mud even after he'd scraped them on the welcome mat. They stood under the domed roof and watched the rain wash away the fog, clearing everything away like a finger drawn through breath-steam on a window, opening up the world again.
Finally.
“Yeah.” He smiled, eyes closed, brow drawing together after a second, mouth open in wordless praise. He had been wrong before, really. It wasn’t being broken apart. Dean was full and hot and thick and putting him back together, sewing him back up into his skin, everything where it belonged again with Dean inside him.
“What kind of house?”
A fan lay inside, folded, its polished wooden handle soft and smooth to the touch.
The man nodded, pursing his lips.
“Yann?” she asked, following his hand to where the boy was. He was staring at Dean, his eyes round as dinner plates, his face looking even more drawn in surprise. “No, I don’t think he’d mind...is that credit?”
"You heard him," Castiel said, and Dean returned his attention to the angel and his coy smirk. "Later. I'm not done with you yet."
Drum called for the hold.
"I don't know," Sam sighed, rubbing his eyes. "But I need some coffee if I'm gonna try and figure it out. Still doesn't help us figure out who her next victim might be, either...long-term relationships, might as well put eighty percent of the town on notice."
“Okay.” Cas unfolded himself from the floor and placed the spray can on the television, smearing stray paint on his jeans. “That should hold long enough to talk to it.”
"Yes," he said, after a moment, and Dean beamed at him.
“It’s just that, isn’t it? A big wedding. The biggest wedding anyone will ever see.” She looked earnestly at Castiel, eyes dreamy. “Why else would there be so many? And no flood?”
Sam felt a twinge of guilt surface.
Matsu Kami nodded, to himself.
Sam tossed and turned. He tried to get comfortable, but it was no use. He was too wound up; his body was restless from the run out to the river and all the excitement at God-knew-what-hour and now he was trying in vain to get back to sleep.
After a time they decided to go, find somewhere else to light for a while longer before turning in, and as they walked to the corner to cross the street towards the Impala, Sam went ahead, hands in his pockets. It was clear in the lines of his back that his thoughts were meandering.
“Well,” Cas said, “we've surprised ourselves before.”
“D'you have any better ideas?”
"Altercations. They were in an unhappy relationship,” Cas mumbled to himself, futzing with a string from his shirt.
“Needed a break from what we've got on,” he said, voice rough. “Something a little more routine.”
Dean couldn’t argue with the logic, and he knew Sam was right, as much as he despised admitting it.
“It looks like that peach orchard in Greenacre is our best bet for now. It's the closest and it's the biggest of these—things. They're having that festival, we can just sneak in as more press and see what's up. So I vote we pack up, head out there. We can get there by tonight.”
“Dean,” Cas murmured, firmly, an unspoken
“Here,” Dean said gruffly, pushing a press pass at Cas and clipping his own to the pocket of his shirt, Sam doing the same. Satisfied with themselves, they migrated down the rows of cars, the sounds of the festival growing closer and closer.
“No. Not for that.”
,” Dean said; he could only imagine what kind of dog an old fruity dude who ran a tea house would keep. Probably a little one that yapped a lot and made you want to punt it like a football.
“I'm hungry,” Cas said, after a time, lazy.
They eyed them curiously and Kami insisted they receive them.
They were all very tired, and dusk had only just fallen. Tired from the road, she knew, but also exhausted by what they'd seen and heard and read in her house tonight, and she knew they were waiting for an explanation, a real one. Something solid to hold on to, a pin to put in their map, to wind their string around, to find the compass direction in which to fumble next.
“Now why are you worryin’ about a thing like that today?”
“We're not sure,” Sam said, glancing at Dean, who was refusing to speak. He looked extremely uncomfortable, suddenly, in the tiny room. “We have...a few places we could go.”
The werewolf was making coffee in a rusted-out camping pot on the stove with shaking hands. Outside the world was still waking up, easing its way into early afternoon, and birds were chirruping in the trees.
He pushed his face into Dean’s neck and breathed relief.
Sam shook his head.
“I ain’t worried bout’
Rosa looked stricken, and Cas looked at Dean, and her eyes followed. She looked up, finally, glancing shyly through her lashes at first.
They found a place to stay near the town square, a room surprisingly devoid of traffic noise from the street just outside. It was just after midnight by the time they got settled in and Sam pulled out his press notebook to look through what he'd gotten.
A dry rustle from the huge and grand and open window – the white sheets folded back on the foot of the bed – a beautiful bed.
Cas huffed air against his cheek and Dean pulled back slightly to tilt his head, sliding their mouths back together again, and Cas arched his back, knee knocking over the softness of Dean’s stomach and settling on the other side till the angel was crouched over him, straddling his lap. Dean’s hand broke loose of his hair and slid down the curve of his back again, resting against Cas’ hip. He was vaguely aware of how the other hand was resting against Cas’ thigh, squeezing gently with every touch of their mouths. His thumb clenched into the muscle of Cas’ leg, mouth closing around Cas’ bottom lip before their tongues tangled again.
The universe, indeed. And on the back of a Memphis prostitute.
He had loved him, this king, this man, this house, across realms and spans of existence. His slave, his master, his lover—there was no form he had not known him in, there was no face he had not seen him as, and all through this he had loved him, had wanted him, had been slain by his love and resurrected again in the hopes that this time he would finally pull him out of the mud and be asked that cherished question.
problem. But I did find—I did happen across a lot of weird stuff, you know? Just stuff that caught my interest, when I was looking. So I kept tabs on that to distract myself. Cut up newspapers and things.” Yann scratched absently at his neck. “I mean, you guys are used to a lot of really terrible shit, right?”
a fine man,” she murmured, moving out of the way so he could see himself in the mirror.
He kept stealing looks out the window and peeking around the door, hoping for a glimpse of Cas, but the house was still, as if it had literally separated them into different realms the moment he had closed the bedroom door behind him.
Cas shrugged Dean off and looked at the machine, which Sam had come forward to inspect. Sam was about to say something, long fingers reaching in to pull out the baseball, when the door to the drug store rattled open and an older woman stood staring at them, face caught in panic.
“It’s nothing, sweetheart,” Dean soothed, and she snapped her eyes to him, deflating with gratitude that he wasn’t angry.
“Oh—well, I say,
She lifted her arms and pulled Sam's jacket.
“Don't get lost,” Dean said, a little laugh in his voice, a little lilt. He'd gone so light, Cas thought, after the night before, as if he'd pulled all his own weight off his own shoulders without the help of gods or magic by letting those words off his tongue. It felt good, Cas thought, to exist in the presence of those words.
Sam bit his lip.
She winked at him. "Very old ones."
He could see Lily leaving the front of the house, taking the sharp veering turn off down the path; he could see the dock down at the bottom of the slope, with its unlit metal lantern keeping vigil over the greying water; he could see blossoms of ice taking hold of the edges of the banks, pushing down the grass, preparing for the snow.
“I think you know very well it's not another Apocalypse,” Cas said softly.
that some
He smoothed his hands down Dean's shoulders, touched his strong arms, pressed their foreheads together.
The time of weddings had fallen at last.
"Lady? No. You call me Madame Olivia or Madame, you hear me? No sass in my house or on my porch. Pass you a slap, you muddy thing." She wagged his chin with her thumb and tapped his face gently, making his eye squint up.
Cas wanted to say that it wasn’t going to work. It couldn’t work because
“You get irritable when you’re hungry,” he commented dryly.
Calmly, he tamped a bit of ash from his cigarillo and met the angel's eyes.
“What’s all that, Liv?”
“It'll take more than some prayer book to make you into someone I don't love,” he whispered.
They stood there a while longer without saying anything. To Dean's surprise no pall fell on their good moods despite the awkward conversation, the awkward situation.
“What do you think it is?” Dean asked, hoping for something easier to follow.
There would be no pain in this. No rush.
“Mmm.” Cas glanced at him, the strong line of his jaw, the sweep of his jugular. “Intriguing, though. You have to admit.”
“Sam will find it if it does,” Cas said.
Cas scratched his elbow, the pale white skin nearly glowing under the aggressive sunlight, unused to it being so uncovered. Boarding with Winchesters usually meant several miles of clothing between oneself and the elements to save on packing space, and the basic premise of it was
Dubois, Iowa saw a peculiar closing at one of the popular Mexican restaurants off the highway. No reason was given for the sudden holiday from service, but when the restaurant opened again some days later, it was with the air of something grand and sacred having been observed in the employees' absence. The waitress named Rosa Moa refused to divulge the secret of the happy flush upon her face to anyone, even to the most loyal of customers.
She blinked, fidgeting, bit her lower lip hard. That seemed to be her habit, biting her lips, a nervous tic.
“Hello?”
“We aren’t here for fun,” Dean said, as if to remind them. He pushed up his sunglasses to glance at the screen of his phone and check if Bobby had called while he was dozing. Sam rolled his eyes. Cas licked his thumb, turning the page, continuing to read.
“This is still really weird,” Dean muttered.
Leaving them, together, and their heartbeats—steady, and rhythmic. Pulsed and driven by the same life that had stirred their souls over all these millenia, pushing them forward through skin after skin, and now—magnetic in their proximity, beating staccato, one filling up the empty spaces left by the other, until there was no heartbeat at all—merely the thrum of one life, passing through two bodies. Merely one hum, one vibrating existence, matched, pouring and churning over itself like so much water over so many stones, and it trembled through the flickering of their eyelids, coiled like electricity through the hues of their eyes, static lightning, it seemed, contained only by the rise and fall of their lungs, and there was no one else, and there was nothing else.
,” he said, sharp and calm, infusing the spell with what grace he could muster.
“There's your answer.”
But Dean had asked of him. Many things, unspoken and not.
And to call down if they needed anything, and to get a good night's rest.
They wandered for an hour, out of the orchard and back to the fairgrounds, as the sun was falling below the horizon and someone somewhere powered up a generator. The Ferris wheel lit up, and strings of fairy lights hung between stalls and trees and back again blinked to life, like low-slung stars overhead. Dean bought them all cans of beer from a cooler and a funnel cake for Cas, who had never had one before.
Corinthian plucked another cigarillo from thin air and lit it with a flick of wrist. Anxiously he took a drag before he continued.
“Don’t mention it.”
the shit we’ve been through, this is the part I thought we’d be able to handle! The part that would have made up for the other shit that was more complicated, that we’d have
. Catfish. That’s what he called Dean.”
"Don't laugh," she said. "It's just something I do when I have the time, but I started it when Jakob died..."
He breathed a laugh and leaned against one of the posts lining the sidewalk.
Dean felt caged. This was the city at the end, this was the edge of the world and it dropped off with the flat spread of the Mississippi delta. No more downriver; it all would come to rest here, where the silt settled.
“So, about tonight—” he said, almost immediately after, and she cut him off, shushing him.
“Un-fucking-believable,” Dean ground out, rubbing his face. He should have shaved that morning, but he was so wound up he had totally forgotten about it. He didn’t bother to look at David. He didn’t want his pity or his mopey stare.
“Damn,” Dean laughed, keeping in time to the bass. “You weren’t lying.”
It seemed that the night was drawing itself thin for them—not a hint of dawn to be seen yet, though they were sure it was past midnight, but of all the miracles they had seen this perhaps would have been the least surprising, a twilight pushing time aside in their honor. It seemed the sort of thing to be done on a wedding night.
Dean glanced over at Cas. He had leaned slightly into Dean’s side, their feet nudging together under the table. The angel's fingers curled over his chin as he tried to decide, index finger rubbing back and forth right under his lower lip.
“It’d get you out of the main street, and that’d probably make her feel better. Give her some time to cool off.”
She said this all with a laugh, despite Sam and Cas’ looks of sympathy. She was very skinny, and her legs looked unsteady sometimes as she traipsed along in her heels and thigh-highs, not a care in the world, never tripping even when she looked like she was about to.
“Here. Uh—a few days before the crash. '
"I think it's better to play by her rules," Cas whispered back, after a moment, taking it all in. He felt for Dean's hand and Dean took it, unashamed, more for support than anything else. "We don't want more trouble than we need."
"How is she getting them out in the water?" Sam countered.
Cas was astounded, watching it all, trying to sort through it in his head.
“What? What is?” Cas demanded, never looking from Dean’s face as he shook and heaved for air and made choked-off sounds of distress.
Yet Dean had eaten not long ago, and he was already shaking his leg restlessly, cursing at the other drivers and reacting more aggressively when they went too slow for his tastes. Cas considered their predicament and dragged his tongue along the bottom row of his teeth, wondering if it was good to suggest another stop or not.
“Don’t even,” he said to himself, breaking the hush. “Don’t even think about it.”
Dean was limp as a ragdoll, head lolling against the tile wall, Cas against his chest. His hands scraped water from the fallen angel's dark hair over and over, slicking it against his forehead.
By some grace he managed to coax Dean into the dry shirt, fumbling with the buttons. He tucked it in, hands lingering under the waistband of Dean’s new trousers, mouth drawn to the chest exposed through the bit he’d left open.
They shook with him and Jones tittered.
"What's bigger or crazier than that? Than—falling in love? Love changes everything and it changes people, it—it touches everything. When I met you I knew—a lot of things for the first time in my life, and I knew that I was afraid of leaving Greenacre, but I also knew if you had asked me to come with you I would have left right then. If I ever had an excuse to get out of this place, that's what it would be. To be with someone I love."
Dean saw him swallow something back, and Castiel's eyes were wide, so wide, wide enough, he thought, to hold the whole universe, and perhaps to hold him, as well.
“You’re gonna tell us what the hell you’re talking about and tell us
She brought some distance between them so she could see his face, trying to smile.
She reached up to his chest and unclipped the fake badge before Sam could say anything, examining it, her lower lip caught between her teeth as she bit back her amusement. She turned the laminated card towards him, grinning. Sam stared at his picture and blanked.
“Magic,” Olivia said, interjecting, having been watching the interactions with a too-pleased smile. “Plain old magic.”
“Well.” Mattie tapped her gnarled knuckles on the tabletop, all business. “I'm an old woman and I get to bed early these summer nights, if you don't mind.”
Dean didn't answer him; he was already up out of bed, leaning into the dark bathroom. Empty. He turned to the open door, the heavy night outside, and the gentle far-off glimmer of the river under the even further town lights, ignoring Sam's continued mumbling of “Why're you up? Where's Cas?”
Cas’ laughter – like milk and honey – slipping down his throat.
“What?” he asked, against her cheek.
There were bangs and clatters and a tin of something rolled out of the pantry, followed by muffled curses.
Dean lifted his head and stared not at the old man but at Cas, swollen eyes cracked. Wordlessly his arms reached out and he buried his face in Cas’ chest, shameless, fingers clutching at his back. Cas folded him into his embrace, pushing his face into Dean’s hair.
“Looks—like you beat each other up pretty bad,” Sam said sheepishly.
Yann nodded, warming to his subject. “And no one's had a case on any kind of water spirit for longer than anyone can remember. Drowned ghosts, kelpies, selkies, merfolk, nothing at all. That entire—species, or whatever, they've all gone quiet.”
Exhale.
Cas took the last step between them and smoothed his hand down Dean's chest, there in the fog. It felt almost private, the heavy white shroud around them, sealing them off from everyone else; Cas nudged his face up to kiss him, just gently, and Dean smiled against his mouth, his hand coming to rest on the angel's hip not in possession but in affection.
“Sure,” he said after a moment of silence. “Sure, yeah. Um. D'you—want me to drive? When you get back.”
He was in love with this house, the hugeness of it, the neat and tidy sprawling of it. With his hands in his pockets he had already seen every room, started at the top and worked his way down the flights of stairs, peering in the open doors at the obscene cleanliness of the guest rooms, the little bits of life on every shelf and in every china cabinet, paraphernalia from the old woman's life, the days before she'd opened her house for guests. Wedding photos in smudged and stuttered black and white in oval frames on the wallpapered partitions; he ran his fingers along the walls, the paper smooth under his touch, trying to memorize and map the labyrinthine hallways.
Cas slowly shook his head “Benny's still asleep and I made dinner with Sam. Let's eat and then we can go.” he pleaded and Dean nodded a little bit.
The puppy keeps following him, not making any sounds, just following. Castiel saw his house from afar and picked up the puppy and hid it in his trench coat, for the first time tying it close.
Dean got him settled in his room and gave him alone time. During that time he went to his mom and cried into her arms. He hadn’t cried like that for years. She just held into him, murmuring soft words into his hair.
Dean asked angrily
Cas looked up to Dean and smiled widely.
He complains about having a fever and needing to sleep in another room as to not get Dean sick as well. Dean doesn't really like it but agrees anyway, he knows his husband is stubborn, especially when sick.
Dean hear him talking and gets in the room “ Cas.. you okay?” he asks, fearing his husband might have a fever and therefore could be hallucinating.
That's why Dean smiled back “I love you too, Castiel,” he said softly “You know how much” he added and Cas slowly nodded.
Gabriel yelled out to Sam what he wanted, little Ben was asleep next to him on the couch, as soon as he heard his uncle he started to whine, startled by so much noise he usually does not manage to handle. Gabriel right away shut himself and ran his hand in his four years old nephew's hair, feeling guilty, just wanting to soothe him back to sleep. When Castiel noticed his son was not able to get back to sleep and that his whines turned to slow cried he picked him up and held him close to his chest.
Cas shook his head sadly “It won't be” he whispered
”I....” Dean nodded “Yeah,yeah okay. Just.. get some rest okay? We'll figure it out.”
Cas shook his head “Without their grandparents it is” he said and went to his room, leaving Dean and his parents downstairs.
“Tired?” Dean asked softly, and when Cas nodded Dean said “Let's go home then.” not wanting Cas to hurt himself.
Cas parents didn’t show up, neither at the hospital, nor at Dean’s house and Cas leaned more on Dean. Dean was a good father, Castiel was too. They had the help of John Winchester and Mary Winchester whom were both great grandparents.
Deann frowns “No, talk to me” he says, not used to that kind of reaction from Cas.
Dean frowns and shakes his head “ we're going to the hospital, if its really that serious, we should go, to make sure you're okay.. Please Cas?”
“Papa, can' s'eep” he mumbled, making some pained sounds.
He doesn't like the use of an alarm to wake people up, it feels too impersonal to him. He'd rater do it himself and be the first they all see in the morning. He then usually carry Ben downstairs, the girls already having breakfast with Dean. Ben always has his  head tucked in Cas neck, taking on his scent, but when he sees Dean he lights up and asked to be carried by his Papa. When breakfast is done, Cas and Dean get the kids ready before Dean leaves for work and Cas drive the twins to school. Keeping Ben with him. When it was done, he comes back home to clean up the house a little bit, mostly the breakfast and the kids' room. And he tries to spend some time with Ben before his morning nap. While Ben sleeps Cas makes lunch. In the afternoon Cas and Ben goes to  Gabe's and spend the afternoon with him. It was usually like that. And they were happy.
“Just that, I love you, Dean,” Cas replied, love and feeling in his voice.
Dean quickly picked up “Cas? Are you okay?” he asked, voice full of worry.
The next day, after a long talk, they decides to adopt the puppy they name Sam, just to mess with Dean's brother.
The twins were born too young, they almost lost them, but they fought and they are now Six years old. They got Ben just four years after, Cas missing the pregnancy and wanted a baby again, Dean agreed and they let the twins know that they'll have a baby brother soon.
And now they're pregnant of the probably last one of the Winchester's pups, Cas took Dean's name, probably because four kids was their goal.
Cas gently bounced him, murmuring soothing words to him, wanting his baby to be alright.
“A dog? What the fuck Cas? Why are you hiding a dog? Hell, why are you lying to me?”
Dean sighed a little bit. “Is the noise gone Kiddo?”
The pup barks again and leaves his hiding spot jumping up on Dean's legs.
Dean smiled “Of course. Get him to lay down. I'll be there as soon as I get the Girls from school.”
Dean frowns and eventually leaves the room, not liking to leave him alone.
Dean knew what Cas thought most of the time. He might not show everything, his emotions, his feelings, but he knows. Cas is an open book to him, knows him inside and out. Knows when to tease,  when to play, when to lay low. Cas gave him a reason, a will to live. Since high school, they never got separated. It's them, together. Even if Cas is not the kind of guy to talk a lot, to hang out, for Dean he does. He goes out, dates or not, he drives to go get him from work, surprises him with lunch dates. And he talks. About everything that makes him happy. Because Castiel never really talk without a reason, Dean is his reason. They both complete each other, and the children they have is the perfect representation of that love.
Sadly, due to complications, Ben was born with a hearing problem and they took careful care of the baby, making the twins protective as well as Dean and Cas. They wouldn't let him alone in case something happens that scares him.
Once he is done with his shower he leaves the bathroom and close the door, leaving the puppy inside. He gets dressed and went back downstairs, where he knows his husband is and fakes being sick.
“You can't do that to our family, to yourself” his mother said desperately.
Dean tried to stay strong but he did whine, hurt by the situation and Castiel’s reaction to him. As soon as they got to Dean’s house they told the news to his mother and his father, whom were supportive, making Dean surprise, of course. They allowed Cas to stay for as long as he needed, bringing a home to the scared rejected omega.
As much as they say those words to their kids, they don't towards each other, both can see the love they other have through acts more than words.
Cas smile at his husband dedication, knowing he probably had thousand of things to do but he still took time for his family. He considered himself quite lucky to have such a kind and loyal man, him being the  reason he has this family, Elizabeth and Mary, the twins, Ben, and pregnant of another pup.
Cas hang up the phone and gently moved to lay Ben on the couch again, next to Gabriel who whined pitifully and curled up with his nephew, his instinct in control protecting the little baby boy. Cas briefly ran his fingers in his big brother's hair, as if to tell him “It's okay, he is asleep now.” then covered them both with a blanket. Cas then went to the kitchen with Sam, and as he waited for his husband and his girls to come home he made a small dinner.
Cas just made some noise and easily fell asleep.
As he listened to Dean's story, he remembers what it felt like when he held Dean, and then all his babies. He remembered the day they learned that little Benjamin will always have hearing problems, hearing everything way louder than it actually is, he remembered Dean's voice when he told him it was okay, that they will be there for their son, no matter what, that they will protect the little man. That is why Castiel did not hesitated to call Dean because Dean knows words, even if he tries not to show it. But Cas knows what Dean feels when he sees his Princesses running in the backyard, or when he tells a story to the little guy, or when he gently rubs Castiel's belly to try and feel their little one kicking, or when he looks at Cas in the eyes and tells him he is a happy man.
“Cas?” he asked softly. Cas was laying on his side, curled up arms around his stomach.
“Think you can fall back asleep?” Dean asked softly. Ben shook his head.
“Mh-Mh” he mumbled “Ti'ed” he whispered.
Afterwards, they quickly clean up the kitchen and the living room, together, before going to bed, a noise in the background, to have sounds as they talk and usually just curl up together until they fall asleep. In the morning Cas wakes up earlier, by choice, to make breakfast, always making sure they each have they wanted and then went to wake his family up. Dean first, the twins next, and then Ben.
Cas shakes his head “I'll be fine Dean, don't worry. I'll call you if needed”
Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester love each other. They have been together for a year now. They met in Math class and haven't left each other's side. Dean's a jock, playing in the football team and Cas is a cheerleader, the only male cheerleader.
Dean left and came back the next day with a test. He gave it to Cas and together they find out that Cas is pregnant. Cas started to sob, scent changing to despair and Dean couldn't take it. He hugged him tight against him, purring slightly to get him to relax “Everything will be okay. We can figure it out. And we will. Together, alright? We're strong, stronger together. I won't let you down.” he promised in Cas' hair.
“Can you go to the pharmacy and get me a pregnancy test.” he whispered
Cas got his parents and Dean to dinner that night. Everything went well until the end of it. During dessert Cas mother realized that Dean was standing too close to Cas for her liking.
During that time Dean had an argument with Cas parents and had called his mother, asking if Cas could stay with them as his parents had kicked him out. When he got to Cas room he rushed to him and hugged him “ it's okay, Cas, I promise we'll be okay” he said softly
“Yes, I am fine.” he says, hiding the pup“ Well, as fine as could be.” he says softly and smiles gently at his husband “Go to bed, Dean, I will be fine.”
On this Thursday evening Castiel is exhausted, he just got out of work at 8 pm after working all day with not even a lunch break. He is tired, and just wishes for one thing, coming home to his husband, and curl up in bed until the next morning where he will have to do the same thing.
“No, he doesn't think so,” Cas whispered, kissing Ben's head again.
He started to walk home when he hears the small footsteps of a puppy. Cas turns around and looks at it. The puppy's unbelievably cute and Cas stops walking and crouches down to its level, letting the puppy scent him a bit before gently petting him.
When they got married Cas decided it was the right time to have pups. They talked about it and on Cas' next heat they tried. At about seven months of the pregnancy, Cas was on bed rest as the twins were too much for him, forcing him to stop working.
Cas was incredibly supportive of Dean, who felt unworthy of his smart boyfriend, and showed him, proved him how he was smart. It lead Dean to College, studying to have an English degree and is now an English teacher loved by his students. Cas, too, went to College, he studied to become an History teacher.
His parents saw red right away and jumped up, angry at their son's word. Cas stepped back, scared as Dean stepped on front of Cas protectively. He started growling, protecting his mate as Cas father stood menacingly.
“Mmh.. P'ease” Ben hummed.
“Alright. Well, Daddy's gonna bounce you some more. Want me to tell you a story?” he asked, his smile heard in his voice.
Dean shakes his head again “No, Cas, that won't be enough to ease me this time.”
“Dean is, my boyfriend, the... the father of my child.. the child I'm carrying right now.” he said shakily.
“What?” Dean asked, seeing the smiled.
Dean is a proud man, a proud father, a proud husband. He can't see his future without his babies. He goes home to find his family usually waiting for him. Or when he gets the girls from school, they're always so happy to see him. Because he is the best father. Because he tries his best to do everything John didn't do. He will always take the time to read, help with the homework or play with his kids. He will always find time to listen to Cas talking about whatever he wants to speak about. He will always take time for his brother too. Make sure his children grow up in a good environment. That they know they're loved. Every night Dean and Cas help the kids to bed. Ben first, as he is younger, they read to him, kiss his head both tell him “I love you” before leaving to help with the girls, doing the same with them.
“Hey, Benji.” Dean said softly.
“But... Cas, that's not... we need to talk and that ca, wait tomorrow. I'll go to bed, go to bed as well.. I.. I love you Cas... “ he whispers sadly and left the room.
“Bad day, didn't even eaten, I'm tired and will have to do all of that again tomorrow, this guy helped me a bit, cheered me up, I knew you'd kick it out so I lied. I have nothing for me, I just want a damn dog. Why can't you let me have a dog? Not having kids, I understand, but a dog I can't understand” he snapped and stood up angrily “Now leave.”
Also Cas stops working so much and spends more time with the puppy.
Cas smiled softly and leaned against Dean who quickly wrapped his arm around his shoulder.
Cas stayed quiet during the ride, rubbing his belly softly, tears falling down his face. He jerked back everytime Dean tried to touch him or take his hand, not feeling so well.
“Come on let's go home” he said softly as he got a bag of clothes and left with him.
Cas smiled “See you soon.” he whispered to his husband.
When he noticed he could not help him to be calm enough to sleep, he grabbed his cell phone and called Dean.
The waitress came back with their food—the usual, the ordinary, double cheeseburgers for Dean and Castiel, Caesar salad for Sam—and Cas brightened a little at the sight of something edible.
“Is this the teahouse?”
“This…” he paused, the song still wavering through the air. “This makes me very happy, and I want it to last. I want it to be something that we don’t just let go of after a while.”
, you understand that, right? I mean, there's just page after page of these accounts of these Riverlander stories..."
Dean's cell buzzed in his pocket and he fished it out, expecting Bobby's number on the screen, but instead he saw a text from Sam.
The repeated perfection of Cas saying his name, saying he loved him, calling to him.
Though the motel bath stall looked less-than-sanitary, and he'd only taken a shower that morning before leaving Greenacre, Dean sank down onto the floor as soon as the water was on and steam was filling the room, leaving swirls of mist on the glass paneling and the mirror.
“Honestly? The fact that you even asked last night—no one asks about that anymore,” she said, looking at him, her dark eyes searching his face, or perhaps memorizing it. “I thought—if mysterious people are coming through our little place, asking big questions like that...call me stupid. But it sounded like an adventure. And I wanted in.”
Dean stretched his arms high above his head, popping out the kinks in his bones and muscles, and Cas watched, his legs bent out like a loose diamond, shoulders hunched, his hair mussed from sleep. He thought he could watch the movement of Dean's body beneath his skin forever, the twisting and cording of tendons and flesh, the spiral staircase of his spine, the broad expanse of his shoulders like sturdy wood.
“You seriously couldn’t wait for a few more exits?”
in a serious context ever again, to be honest.”
It was their story.
,” Dean mumbled, and Sam promptly went quiet.
Dean and Cas exchanged glances.
The Word of God is in the river,” the bokor woman finished, softly, her eyes heavy-lidded, her guests heavy-bodied, together. “The Word of God is in this house tonight.”
Their heads automatically tipped back to gaze up as they stepped under the canopy of blushing rose and seashell-soft flush. The wind shimmered through the blossoms, and they fell like snow, scattering through the air, the dark wood branches creaking and bending in the soft swirl of air.
“Yes. She told us stories. The little ones. When she died—” Rosa shook her head, still staring at her grandmother’s serene face. “—Tommy started worrying about turning into
“I've been thinking—Lily—” He paused, and she could hear him pulling at his mouth, trying to gather his words. “I don't—really know what's going to happen next. With everybody. We're—staying here for the, ah. The wedding. And. It's all kind of—turned around right now, but—”
and with it came the unspoken addendum of
“There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.”
There was the usual routine—booking a room, dropping off their things. Castiel was sure that it had become a fairly boring thing for the brothers, but he found it comforting, the sameness of it all. After the last few years of running and fighting and existing in a perpetual change with the Winchesters, it was nice to have some kind of order, he thought.
Sam rubbed his forehead. It would all be right in the end, he told himself. If Lily or Sugar or Mattie or any of them were worth believing, it would all be right in the end.
"She sews and crochets. She's the best of anyone in town and everyone wants something she's made."
A drop of laughter spilled, crystalline and childlike and heavy with satisfaction, with something so light that Dean couldn’t help but reach for it through the haze of satisfaction. His mouth, catching it, asking, and so lovingly obliged.
It was almost too intricate to fathom, a vast mural of the river and everything surrounding it, like the map of a life, or a love. There was nearly too much to see.
“Excuse me, miss?”
“Why do you do this?” he asked, examining her palm but not touching it.
For the fifteenth time since the beginning of this hunt, Sam wished to whatever God was left that they'd resolve this stupidity soon, and get back to being sappy and in love. He much preferred their saccharine to their sour.
Cas wriggled, pushing against his arm. “Not now, Dean, I think they're making breakfast for us.”
She trailed away.
“It was just a story, you know,” Lily said—with a tone of near-reverence, Sam thought, and he wasn't sure why. “I've never heard the whole thing and it doesn't make much sense in bits and pieces, really. And there was nothing to do with death, or hell, or damnation, and that was all you ever heard from preachers in those days, in these parts. It was—I mean, cliché as it is, it was a love story.”
It was Dean who spoke, eyes never leaving her own. They were sweet and gentle and affectionate, and he was suddenly transported, as if in the shift of eyes adjusting to daylight, to being a child, coming in at dusk from playing outside, clutching his Tonka truck, his mother waiting at the back door to collect him and ask him about all his adventures.
“I’m not saying Sammy’s not worth waiting for—he is,” Dean said, stressing it, shaking his head. “I just don’t like knowing how their story's gonna end.”
Madame Olivia spoke, though her guests were in no state to understand; she spoke to the dimming of the day, to the sound of the river way out and beyond, to the strangeness hovering there with them all.
He flipped a page.
"Winchester!"
“Do you remember what Yann said,” Castiel said slowly, eyes tugging up from the pages in front of him to Sam's, “about all the water spirits going quiet, suddenly?”
“You couldn't make me do anything I didn't want to do,” Cas said, turning his face back out to the river, the wide river. “There is no one else I'd rather spend my life with.”
Chuck shrugged. “Anything, I suppose,” he said, softly. “My job's—done. For now.”
” and couldn't even pause to wonder at how he'd never said those words in his life before Dean was fair biting at the corner of his mouth hissing “I know, I will, God, babe—” and the stroke of him the weight of him the desperation of him pulling Cas over some high unattainable stratosphere—
met – her family owns an orchard. It was gifted to them and for years, like fifty years, they slaved away over it, and then it just took root and now they have the biggest harvest in the country. She said the same thing. She said that the hard work, the way they learned to work the land before it finally paid off, taught them how to take care of it once it did.”
“Because that’s all we are gonna get out of it! Another excuse as to why we can’t do this
“I guess that's one word for it,” he said finally, more softly than he'd intended.
“Wherever,” he said, and grinned.
“To—invite us to dinner,” Sam said, staring at the phone in his hand.
he'd missed that.
Megan Sohre got up when she saw them making their way to the top of her stairs, and tried tearfully to smile a little.
“When you say
"Lily, I think something is happening. With my brother. With Cas. I think it's got something to do with all this. Everything that's happened, all the timing, it's...it's like everything is revolving around them, or they're revolving around it...and we were in Iowa, and—maybe it has to do with me, too. I don't know." He pinched the bridge of his nose. “I don't know.”
Sam went in first, waded out holding the waterproof flashlight they'd bought in town that afternoon up above the water. It was much shallower than he'd thought—the water hardly came up past his stomach before it began to recede again. He paused at the deepest point, waiting for the others to catch up, and looked above his head to the edge of the rusted bridge, and the moon hanging low in the damp sky.
“How could you be real?” Dean said. “Everything about you – I don’t know anymore.”
Olivia seemed to understand the restlessness as well, and she asked them where they would go.
Cas breathed. Absently he let the river journal drop back onto Sam's bed and then followed it, sitting down hard on the mattress.
“Finer, then,” Olivia clarified. So maybe she had heard too. Cas didn’t mind.
“That mean somethin'?” he asked.
“You sure?”
Perhaps seconds.
“Cas,” Sam said. “You coming?”
“Well, we've got to find her bones if we've got any hope of stopping her.” Dean swung into the front and started up the engine, slamming the door once everyone else was in. “Doesn't really matter about the victims anymore. We've gotta smoke her before she smokes anybody else.”
folk coming round here! Stirring up trouble—”
She fluttered around her dining room in the shoebox of the apartment. There was a sagging chair and a loveseat and a dinette crammed in one corner of the kitchen.
"All the bits and pieces." Lily's voice drifted through the phone, dreamlike. "That's all I ever got. Never a story, never—never a beginning or a middle or an end...the girl who swallowed stones because she loved a star, and...the princess and her comb...and the man who kept his wife in a house by the river...and the star and the catfish...there was always the catfish..."
Cas blinked, regaining himself.
“Tell me again,” Dean said, voice hushed, and Cas’ features softened as his hands wound through Dean’s hair, settling on the back of his neck.
Afraid to let go – because what would be left behind? The shuddering blue-black would be gone and what would he have to hold on to? Was there even anything underneath at all?
“I’m afraid we don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sam said, covering up his brother’s bristling.
Sam laughed and shuffled, grinning at the ground.
She held up her hand, cutting him off.
“Oh, so
“Dean!”
It wailed in his ears over the sweaty clash of their bodies. Cas' fingers hooked, bent on digging him out of his skin. Cornered by the night, searching for the out, the exit, the safety. It had to be there. Cas curled down to suck at the column of Dean's throat, felt the hot pulse under his tongue.
She hummed and they fell into silence.
Dean looked at him hard. There was true sincerity on Yann's face, so heavy that it was pulling down the corners of his eyes, the corners of his mouth, drawing lines down his skin. He was young but he might as well have been Dean's age, for all the worry on his face.
“That sign says the orchard is around this corner,” Cas said suddenly, pointing. Dean and Sam stopped up short, following his finger, and sure enough, there was a big brown arrow directing traffic towards the back of the festival. People coming around the corner also had the telltale bushels under their arms and flushed, glad faces. “They must tack the festival onto the back of the property,” Cas finished, hand dropping back to his side. Dean nodded.
“It's only that it seems you knew we were coming.”
“What’s
He didn’t know how to say what he felt, how to convey the thoughts tumbling through his head—so he let his body speak for him, opened himself up wider, pressed upwards towards Dean bent so reverently over him, sought for his mouth, sought for his wonderful hands. Wet heat – something so beautiful in the indelicacy of it, a simplicity he had craved. The distraction of Dean’s tongue on his cock as he coaxed him apart, fingers moving into him, gentle – slow, building into something burning and bright and incomprehensible.
These men who could build honest houses because they had become them.
The other slipped into his suit coat pocket, and he sighed.
“It’ll heal up,” Dean said dryly. “I’m tough. We’re tough.” Dean hushed him, kissing the side of his neck. “We’ll try again. We’ll just try again and it’ll be fine.”
“Okay, so say she found out,” Dean said, leaning against the counter. “They're fighting about this chick, Ryan gets pissed, storms out...Megan follows him...I mean, the river's right over there, it isn't far. He crosses Sandra Eadie's ghost, she zeroes in on him, lures him out somehow. Boom, drowns him.” He shrugged, stuffing his hands in his pockets again. “And Megan sees a little of her. Probably thinks she's seeing things.”
“Simple,” Dean had said, when confronted with the idea of planning. “Nothing huge. Nothing fancy. Just—whatever the book says, and any people who matter.”
She snapped a dark handkerchief out from where it was tucked in the folds of her gown and dabbed at her eyes, annoyed when smudges of her makeup came off with the tears.
Vows.
It was like nothing he'd felt in his life.
“Sure.” She cocked her eyebrows at him again; Sam thought vaguely that they were the most expressive eyebrows he'd ever seen. “Well, I hate to disappoint, but my uncle's pretty busy, you know. Running a festival and all.” She crossed her arms, flicking her head to swipe away a stray hair.
“Really,” Cas continued, his words as thin and gentle as the light itself, “if it weren't for you, Dean and I...Dean and I would never have met in the first place.”
“I don't care where we go, let's just go,” Dean said, snappish, and Sam fell quiet.
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “Thank you for all you have done for us.”
For a moment he wondered why this was happening now, of all places. Wondered why it felt like his first kiss all over again, when it most certainly wasn't.
Dean was so absorbed in watching that when his phone
“Good,” she whispered.
“What I can and can’t say. Y'see, it was supposed to go one of two ways – you’d know everythin', and I’d give y'all time to collect your heads before you went down to the Big Easy. Or, we have ourselves a bit of a come-to-Jesus.”
Speaking of—
“Dreams.” She shrugged. “Strange dreams. Like movies. Sometimes I’m ahead of y'all, I think – I didn’t realize you'd stayed at Mattie’s so long. Wasn’t expecting Sugar to invite you in either, but she did. She’s such a sweetheart. I’d like to go see her sometime, have a nice round chat with her.”
"What's in Hartman?" There was a wistful timbre to her voice. Childish and curious. Almost jealous.
Dean's eyes went a little wide, his face a little pale. He could feel Sam watching him, Cas watching him, the bokor woman's gaze pinning him down.
“Come on,” Cas said in a hush, tugging Dean’s fingers.
There was an uneasy, muttered chorus of “we're not exactly sure” strung between the three of them, and she grinned, shaking her head.
“Oh, honey.” She smiled a little sadly. “I don't think it's my place to say.”
“Dean?” Cas said, and Dean hummed, eyes drifting shut, cheek pressed against Cas'.
“The hell are you two going on about?”
Dean was extremely apprehensive about parking the Impala in the field where he had been directed. Trucks and teenagers were everywhere, leaning against the jacked, mud-stained wheels and staring at the classic car as if it had literally dropped down from another planet. A few of the more confident kids came closer, peering in at the three men with interest. Dean narrowed his eyes at them and cut the engine, swinging the door open and getting out before they could draw nearer.
“Glass is easy to replace, though. She can fix it,” Sam said. He knocked Cas’ shoulder affectionately, attempting to ease the concern that had clouded the angel’s face. It was obvious that there was something about it Cas had taken very personally. He rubbed Cas’ shoulder with his big hand, drawing his gaze upwards. “Nothing to it.”
“You have such wonderful hands…”
Cas shrugged. “Better than driving for hours in a random direction. Maybe this Mathilda woman can tell us where to go next. And we can relax a while.”
Sugar nodded briskly. Her eyes lingered for a moment on the proximity of Dean's body behind Cas, and then gestured for them to follow her inside.
“Happy?” Dean hissed, and Cas’ subdued smile answered him. The angel tipped his chin forward a fraction, like a nod, and Dean shook his head. Whatever. Sam seemed happy too, his mouth held in the way that begged to call Dean out for it, but one look and it tucked itself out of sight. Dean took the receipt from the waitress and stuffed it into his jacket as he turned away, eager to get out of the diner and out from under the smell of grease and wet dish towels.
Lily paused, biting at her lip, and he saw her eyes slide towards him in the rear-view mirror.
She took a soft pull and chuckled, the sound deep and rough from the tobacco.
The band struck up a new song and he brushed the pad of his thumb over her bottom lip, over the little rough patch of skin where she picked at it. He imagined her at the counter of the store, staring out the window.
” The words he knew without knowing them. “
“I'm gonna go look at the body,” Dean said, gruffly, and started down the bank towards the black mass of Hailey's corpse.
“Excuse me!” Sam said loudly, hoping the old man could hear him.
“Are you sure there’s nothing here already? We’ve already been driving quite a while; your leg of highway 79 is shut down until Wednesday,” Cas insisted, and the man scratched his chin, his mouth a thin line. They watched and could almost tell the exact moment when a thought struck him before he quickly tamped it down again.
“Who took it from you?”
“Probably at home or at the store.” She hopped down from her stool and stared at them all, un-amused by all the questions. “Now, pardon me, but
“Why's that?”
Cas looked at Dean, and Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “I'm...?”
“I’ll keep it in mind.”
Cas clutched at him in miserable pleasure, whined and whimpered, bucking into his hand. The syncopated jerks when they came, so close, but not quite. A sliver apart.
None of them had been very convinced of the warm salutation. They’d argued briefly about whether they should even stop. Dean grumbled that a river's hop across Dubois wasn’t nearly far enough, but Sam had insisted. They needed something with more concrete evidence, and more importantly, something natural, and Galilee's freak bird migration fit the bill.
And a lovely soul thrumming through the whole of him.
“Yes,” he said, on the letting-out of it, and his face crumpled into indescribable happiness. “I will. I will, I will.”
“I’ve lost my appetite,” Cas said simply, pushing his plate forward with a dull scrape. Dean wanted to glare but he was too tired, and his eyes were watering from the hypnotic strain of driving. He sagged against the back of the booth and busied himself with eating while Cas pitched his silent fit, padding his fingers along the rim of his water glass, the ice glinting under the fluorescent light.
“It was a
“So you’re saying she’ll let us stay with her, this woman?”
“They never recovered her body,” Cas said. The river breeze was tousling the curtains over the kitchen window and distantly he heard the screen door creak open, and the sounds of David and Megan entering the house. “She jumped off the bridge just down the road. They buried an empty casket. She could be anywhere.”
Dean took a trembling breath and focused on the page. Pushed them out. Pulled himself into an island of the sunset through the shades, and the chair, and the impossible weight of the book in his hands.
"It's nothing," she waved. "Baptismal gowns for the babies at the church and sometimes a veil and a few doilies..."
The weight of centuries, a thousand lives, a thousand nights, a thousand voices, and Dean felt them all. The pain, the longing, the crippling loneliness, the endless search for something to soothe the inconsolable ache, the burn of anger and the bruise of sadness, and all this he claimed. He felt ancient, as if the back of his skull had opened and six dozen lives he'd lived but not remembered until now had tumbled out, unfolding like a pop-up book, back and back.
“Lily,” she said, sticking out her hand so suddenly that Sam almost started. He blinked, and then took it. Her grip was strong as an ox as they shook and when she let go he could feel his knuckles throbbing. “I figure I could give you what you need for that article, if you still want to talk to a member of the family.”
Dean sat up, yawned; his eyelids felt heavy, content. Cas turned his head a little toward the sound of him and said, softly, “Good morning.”
“I told Kathleen the doves sing so pretty this year,” Sugar whispered. “Just makes you want to cry.”
“I won't.”
“You've been following them happenings.” Mattie gently took the damp towel from Castiel's hands and placed it back on its rack beneath the sink. “Miracles—hmm? All the way down from the top of the river.”
She laughed her witchy laugh and Dean rolled his eyes, moving past her into the bathroom. He heard her continue on her way, humming some old waltzing tune under her breath.
A woman in a yellow dress with a Peter Pan collar came by to give them sticky menus and drinks in tall glasses, and as she turned to leave Dean heard the diner door open with a clatter of the tiny bell.
The hunter adjusted his hands on the wheel, face pulling into a grimace. “No.” Dean hesitated, shifting in his seat. “What makes you say that?”
“It’s such a shame that people don’t know. Even if you don’t believe it, it’s such good story. Talks about patience, about love, all those kindly things. All those lovely things, and that lovely, lovely, star shining light on everything. I don’t see why it has to be such a hush. Why wouldn’t you want to hear about a marriage? About fish turning into men? Stars becoming birds and becoming men too. It’s such a nice story.”
Cas picked up the plate that had held the bacon and followed her into the kitchen, into the warm light and the creamy tile.
He didn’t say anything, merely putting his hands back over his face and tipping forward a fraction, his shoulders shaking. It was the terrible kind of crying that didn’t make any sound – just the violent jerk of his sharp shoulder blades through his shirt and the heaving gasps of his breathing. Cas looked at Yann and then at Dean, conflicted. The green eyes were wearing thin of patience, but they weren’t threatening.
“You make me happy,” Dean affirmed after a moment, dropping another kiss to Cas’ hairline. And it was true. Under the swinging lanterns on the creaking floor, surrounded by men and women and children swaying to the music—but further back as well, back as far as Dean could remember since the moment they'd first laid eyes on each other. Sometimes there had been disagreement, discord, anger and fear, tumult and turmoil, but in the end—here, yes, and for a very long time, with his friendship and his rebellion and his affection, Castiel had made Dean Winchester a very happy man.
Sam blinked, clearing the image his mind had projected away, shifting back into the conversation.
“No...?”
“Here, I’ll measure you,” he said, and Dean’s smile widened.
“The backlash?”
The hunters stood awkwardly out on the sidewalk in the silence that followed.
His back was still turned to them as they approached, his frail arms proving their strength each time he raised up his shears and clipped off another offensive twig. The discarded bits of tree landed at his feet, and Dean stiffened as a small red dog appeared from nowhere to pounce on one of the remains, curled tail wagging rapidly in delight.
The silence was becoming deafening. He wished to God they'd say
that he tripped; his ankle turned on an upraised levee stone and twisted painfully, and he fell, slamming hard into the ground, another rock jabbing against his Adam's apple and knocking him breathless.
“Yes,” he said gently, smiling. “I’m fine.”
Locked together, a tangle of arms and legs and fingers
“Well, we’ll see how long it lasts,” Dean sighed, picking a direction. They traveled down the midway, past the booths, past people calling out in advertisement of candied apples or funnel cakes or fried peach pies. Dean’s stomach growled and he shook his head; he’d had a huge lunch and he was still starving. He blamed the simply amazing smells and shrugged the hunger off.
"Good, good. You got a low look about you," he said sagely, the lines on his face crinkling in a pleasant way.
He could hear them breathing into each other, could hear the slides of their mouths, the join of their bodies, dull sounds – swaying.
“All our shit’s still in the car…” Dean breathed against his mouth, and Cas shook the haze off – he hadn’t realized they’d been kissing again, that Dean’s back was shoved into that scroll of the bannister. That their hands had wandered and snaked around jackets and wormed past the layers to skin.
She shook her head. “Dance with me to Johnny Cash,” she said, pulling herself closer to him. “Be my man for just a few minutes.”
Every white hot scream of Hell playing back in his ear, and he’d been afraid.
“Yeah.”
“What of it?” she sighed, finding the trousers at last.
“Double?” Dean asked, and the man nodded, pulling out a register and a pen and dropping them on the counter.
He had to admit that if he were in Dean’s position he’d probably be just as cross, if not more.
The other two looked at him, blinking.
Cas wanted to break first. He wanted to save Dean that at least; if anyone could have him, let it be Dean. Let Dean split him wide, let him cleave him in two, shatter him. "Please," Cas hissed, imploring, and Dean shook his head. "Fuck me, take me—"
Mattie was a quiet hostess. She told them she'd be happy to put them up for a night or two if they had business in town; told them to eat, please, she always made enough for guests whether or not they came. Told them she did this all the time, lodged strangers in her upstairs rooms, so empty and cold now that her old hips refused the stairs.
“Anyway.” Lily pulled her purse up over her shoulder, clearing her throat. “I—should be going, I'm supposed to be helping at the orchard today...I just thought you three would be here before you headed out. Thought I'd try to catch you.”
this, but it’s obvious there’s some other shit going down. Shit, as my brother so kindly pointed out, that is way more important to me than some freak kid. So for now you get to slide, but if I catch a word of something up here, you won’t get a choice.”
“The fact of the matter is that you children have the lot of being favorites,” the old woman said, folding her hands in her lap. “You been through one of God's stories already, so everyone with ears to the veil knows—you played it out your own way, the right way, the way of choices and decisions. Takes a lot of courage to let your actors improvise, but that God of yours is a courageous one.” She moved her feet a little as the yellow python slithered under her chair, and moved them back to let the snake lie over them again. “The universe is made of love stories, and those roles you played, the great things in motion that you set to rest, was just another one of them. You—” She pointed to Sam, not in accusation but in appreciation—“loved your kin so much that you saved us all, and we all are mighty grateful.”
brawny,” she said, half-mocking, blinking at him. “Keep it up and you may just get lucky.”
and out solely to break each other apart, solely to tear each other down, it seemed, no sweet propositions on the dock, no hollow chests to be filled up with softness, cold and hard and painful, avalanches. Bodies stuck red with raised blood and sweltering bruises.
“It was always you,” Dean whispered against Cas’ skull. “It was always you. Every time…”
Cas stayed there, holding him as a few more trembles rattled through him.
They finished the meal, and Cas got up to help Sugar and Nate clear it away; Sugar waved the brothers into the sitting room, told them to put their feet up, relax. Plan their day.
, I am a little stressed!”
“Cas has never seen Graceland,” Dean joked. “You do know who Elvis Presley is, right?”
Unsure of what to do with himself, Cas slipped into a pew near the front; it creaked under his weight. The woman looked over her shoulder, and smiled when they met eyes before going back to her work.
not knowing what was acceptable. He'd been learning through trial and error—touching Dean's wrists, his arms, was fine; looking at him, admiring him, was fine. But there were other things Cas wished he could do, things he wished he could say, things he wasn't sure about.
“There’s no dust in here,” Dean said, over the drum of night sounds coming from the window. He swiped his hand over the top of the bureau and inspected it. “It’s like she
“I’ve heard of him, yes,” Cas said softly from the passenger seat, squeezing Dean’s hand where it rested on the inside of his thigh, fingers curled to fit against the curve of his leg. “Considered the biggest threat to providence of the twentieth century, I believe.”
“He's gonna fall asleep at the wheel and get himself killed,” Dean mumbled.
“You sure you don’t want me to get you an apple?” he offered, holding up the Red Delicious and lifting his eyebrows.
Upon receiving word of Mathilda's last wish, where they were spending a week at the Grand Canyon, Sam and Dean and Castiel agreed without much hesitation that they would accept the things outlined in her will. Dean complained that he had always wanted to be the one to build their home, but Cas and Sam soothed him without much effort. A house already built on love, and lived in well, would suit them just fine.
“I have no clue,” Dean said in disbelief, throwing up his hands.
Sam glanced at Dean, who rolled his eyes and sagged in his chair. “Fine,” he said. “But if there's even a whiff of weirdness in that house, we're booking it, understand?”
They were joking with each other at the foot of the stairs, trying to burn off some of the excess energy they had accumulated all of a sudden.
“Come on, you little bastards,” he muttered. And there it was.
For that long drawn out moment he was immovable. Nothing would have swayed him from that line: planted deep, every ounce of him settled and unwilling to budge. He might as well have been a cedar post, or an anchor bolt—he might as well have been a house himself. In his head was no thought, no tension, no worry.
“What'd she say?”
“That poor boy’s appetite,” she sighed again, shaking her head. “I hope I made enough – if I can help him just a little…”
“So you'll—you'll wait? You'll see me when I get up there someday?”
Their mother, a gardening enthusiast, and their father, the esteemed owner of the Greenacre Feed and General Store, had raised them to be the most desirable girls in Wisconsin out of the hope that they would snag husbands and have their futures settled as soon as possible, with all possible Pride-and-Prejudice cliches included.
Hesitantly he crossed the room, sat down next to Cas on the foot of the bed, unsure of what to do.
He found the stranger's reflection in the darkening window glass to Sam's left, across the table. The young man's back was bowed, slumped down over the counter, spine visible through his thin grey T-shirt. The bones of his elbows were stark and white; the bit of voice he caught as the yellow-dress waitress asked for his order was thin and young, tremulous.
“Well, there’s stuff goin’ on this weekend, but if you need to get ahold of someone talk to Sheriff Jones.”
It was a low grey day, humid, but without any chance of rain, he thought—it didn't feel like rain in his bones, at least. The square was a busy place. Colorful pennants were strung between lampposts, and he could see unlit fairy lights in the trees around the courthouse. Everything was a muddled haze of antique shops and bookstores, coffeehouses and restaurants. Cas was beginning to find that he had a fondness for town squares. They always seemed so neat, so organized, little slices of place caught up in their own nostalgia. Flocks of kingfishers circled and dove overhead, perching in trees, surveying him with cocked heads and beady eyes as he walked.
So it turned out Sam hadn’t needed the keys after all. Her truck was an ancient Ford, passed down from her grandfather, she’d explained, coaxing it into a start. He’d offered to drive them himself but she’d looked at him as if he had grown a second head.
The three of them shuffled out the door, Sam burying a toothpick in his mouth, chewing it more out of habit than necessity, none of them thinking about the sudden scrape of shoes on the concrete behind them and the clang of the door falling shut as someone else left. Dean fished around for his keys, keeping a close eye on Cas as he hobbled around the front of the Impala, standing patiently on the other side, waiting for Dean to unlock it. He leaned against the door and stared out across the highway to the river – the street lights had come on and the water sparkled in the artificial glow from the park. A flock of birds trembled out of a tree, their silhouettes melting in with the darkness, wings flapping and marring what little starlight could be seen as they went careening off into the thickets across the water.
“Don't mention it,” Cas said. David was surprised, for the second time, to hear him sound so meek. He wondered what had happened to him. To all of them.
“We really appreciate it,” Castiel said gently. “Do you know where we could find his wife?”
Cas listened attentively to the idle conversation, but kept his eyes out the window, the muted southern sky making his face sullen and the set of his mouth apologetic. He wasn’t either of those things at the moment – he felt oddly excited. Nervous energy curled in the center of him, and he rubbed his knuckle against the side of the door, worrying at his borrowed skin.
Drum hadn't wasted time. He pointed Sam in one direction and Castiel in the other, and then gestured Dean along, over to where a small cluster of red-faced men were chatting and adjusting long ropes on the ground. Before them lay the two-story wall, frame nestled among the grass.
Sam's attention snapped back up. “What?”
They tilted into each other, feet uneven on the rocks.
Cas smiled uncertainly, still unsure of the lie they were selling. “It's—our pleasure,” he said quietly. Sam and Dean were already awkwardly navigating the musical chairs of who-would-sit-where.
“Ma’am, that’s really not what it looks like – there were some boys, come on, you’d have to have heard them.”
“Yeah, unless she's some kind of—I don't know—bird demon thing,” Dean said, flailing aimlessly for an excuse. “Or some other monster.”
He couldn't even bring himself to be shocked anymore.
It would not be long.
They followed him down the river walk until, abruptly, he turned onto a side path, a meandering dirt trail snaking its way through weedy grass and tall oak trees sagging with Spanish moss. It was obvious he was walking into the square little house butted right up against the Mississippi tributary's shallow brown water, stepping up onto the porch, the dog leaping onto the landing and careening inside through the open door. Matsu Kami, who had replaced his hat during his walk, took it off of his head and bowed into the doorway, slipping off his sandals before stepping fully inside.
“I believe it,” Cas said.
“I won't,” he said.
“Sometimes I think you’re not real,” Dean whispered, pushing Cas’ hair back away from his face.
There was a creak above them and she glanced up, concerned. Nate did as well, rolling his eyes to the dull movement over their heads.
“I have to believe that there are moments of incorruptible beauty upon this earth.”
woken up – maybe it would have motivated him to move more quickly. In those first few drowsy seconds he hadn’t registered everything completely. There had just been the soft background hum of the air conditioner and the shuddering rattle of the mini fridge under the counter and the sliver of light wavering on the floor when the curtains swayed. And the press of Cas’ shoulder into his cheek, the way he could feel the soft swell of his back when he breathed.
Cas glanced at Dean to see a look on his face that Cas clearly knew to be his
“I'd stake my life on it.”
Rosa’s finger snagged his leg and he stumbled to a stop, stood staring down at her bent body, watching her wet face crumple in something like agony.
“Sometimes we get some rabble rousers. Wanna come up and start trouble. Drunk kids too stupid to know better, but they’ve put some bad graffiti in the washroom a few times and one time they scared Peg pretty bad. Told her to go down to the river and drown herself in if she was so inclined...” He trailed away. “Anyway, just bad talk, and she don’t mean any harm really. Just protective.”
He didn't realist it, of course, until he was midway through pouring a hearty dose of Jack Daniels into a coffee mug on his dingy kitchen counter. He was badly in need of a shave; the shirt he wore under his ratty striped bathrobe was stained with coffee; there was printer ink smudged irretrievably against the sides of his fingers. He was sighing, rubbing at his bloodshot eyes, barely aware of how close the liquor was to spilling over the edge of his mug, when he realized that the previous night had been entirely devoid of visions.
“No—that's a huge help, Lily, thank you,” Sam said, and she smiled at him. The tension was gone from her shoulders now that she'd said what she'd come to say. “What—made you change your mind?”
“I—I dowant to believe that, Cas, but—”
“Took you long enough,” he said, with affectionate derision, and Death scoffed, waved a gnarled hand in his direction.
Dean stopped and turned to him, face agonized.
Tomas persisted. “Rosa,
“In me—”
Somewhere in America, Chuck Shurley woke from a dreamless sleep.
, lingered behind his brother and Cas, looking from tiny Sugar Byrne to the house and back. It wasn't that he didn't
“Well,” Bobby sighed on the other end, “I’ve dug to the bottom of it, and I’ll tell you, it ain’t much to go on.”
“That can't be a coincidence.”
"Now, you gotta place that weight of yours, put it all in your legs, alright? Not your back. You put it in your back you'll throw it all out. You just walk with the rest of us and settle it all in your feet and you'll be fine. When we hold you plant em', alright? Don't let it move you for nothing."
he thought, turning his own gaze out the window. Cas was acting like a twelve-year-old with scabbed knees, for Christ's sake. He wasn't going to indulge him.
“I’m sorry,” he repeated, and Dean rubbed his cheek against Cas’ sweat-soft skin.
Sam and Cas caught each other's eyes in the mirror and pressed their lips tight. David sat up a little.
And there is no obligation, my darlings. No one will blame you if it ends here in this room, halfway. Not a one of us.
“I understand.” His voice surprised him, deep, calm. The river had ceased its churning but skimmed placidly over him, caressing him.
“…well, every year, except this one. Townspeople are wondering if that has anything to do with the birds, but I don't see how that could be true. They just – it’s like all the migrating kingfishers in the, uh. Entire country. Kind of dumped themselves here on the way to Canada. They just all stopped. Not the whole population, of course—it says not all of them migrate, but like. Hundreds.”
“The man himself,” David replied, his voice a gruff drawl and thick with drink. He stuck out a bony hand to them across the sticky table. “You're the hunters Bobby sent over, I'm assumin'.”
She pushed the shirt into his arms and then went to searching through her nooks and crannies for the loose trousers she’d received as payment so long ago. Back when people didn’t have much to give but the clothes on their backs.
“Sam?” he said, half-over his shoulder.
At that, Sam and Cas looked up, confused. It was silent in the room except for the muttering of the air conditioner and the vague sounds of traffic down the road.
“Make any mother proud,” she whispered, and Dean looked at her in the mirror, found her eyes.
He let him go; Dean pulled off his jeans there in the corner and then crawled under the covers in his boxers and shirt, waited for Cas to lie down beside him. They were pressed together back-to-chest, Cas' chin in the divot of Dean's shoulder, and Dean stared at the thin rectangle of starlight, the window on the wall.
“You think?”
Cas looked at it for a while, the rise and fall of his vertebrae. He would be tempted to touch it if he weren't afraid of Dean shrinking away—or of breaking the skin, bruising him again. If he squinted he could still see the faint pink lines where he'd dragged his fingernails down Dean's back in Iowa in all the vast natural disaster of their first attempt.
“This.” Dean gestured to the park, the dovecote, the water. To Cas. “Not having anything to do, you know? Acting like normal people. Going to the park, for Christ's sake.” He laughed, an uncomfortable little sound.
The kid was starting to ramble, and Sam quickly cleared his throat and stepped around Dean and Cas to touch the boy’s shoulder.
“You’re at the top mouth of the Mississippi and you got a hell of a lot of ground to cover. That orchard you were telling me about is the tip of the iceberg. Things happening from where you are to the Gulf – all you gotta do is put your hand on the map and pick. Somebody is bound to know something somewhere. Try for the small towns – the boonies. They hold on to history better. Somebody’s granddaddy knows something. That’s what I think. If you have a hell’s chance of getting ahead of whatever’s happening, it’s in that book, and if you want to find that book you’re going to have to put on a face and talk to people. It’s all word of mouth in that part of the country.”
,” Castiel whispered, on the breath that broke them only for a moment, and when they raised their eyes past the lighthouse glow of the lantern they saw only stars in the wide black quickening night, the velvet blanket of the great Crescent City, only bombast sparks of heavenly light scattered like salt upon a tapestry.
“That was easy,” Dean said on a rush, and Cas nodded.
“Did she hurt you?” he rasped, mouth dry, and Dean shook his head again, hastily.
“Quit moving, you idiot, it's just me!” he shouted, pushing desperately back to where Sam was standing with one foot in the water, waiting for them, his hands an anxious flickering mess around his head.
“I need some space,” Dean said, his voice so quiet and cracked that his companions hardly heard at first; but then Sam moved away, moved to stand beside the bokor woman's chair.
Cas took Dean's hand, unashamed, and they followed the others off. Sam ducked behind the spectators to meet them; together they three went for the coolers of water and beer under the metal concessions counter.
She laughed, nodding towards Dean, who had been clenching his fist until he forced them to relax, forced his fingers open.
“Yann—” Dean rasped; the boy’s elbow was pinching his throat. “Yann, buddy, you’re killin’ me here.”
,” they said—perhaps one beat off from one another but breathing, and falling into rhythm soon, drifting like the water drifted, “
“We need to get on those bones pronto,” Sam mumbled. Traffic was beginning to push across the bridge, and sunrise was still coloring the water; Dean was in a foul mood, Cas was in an even fouler one, and David still had yet to arrive. Sam wondered briefly if he'd actually fallen asleep at the wheel on his way.
“Like I’ve seen you get down,” he grumbled, finally reaching out to pull Cas up himself.
There was a pause as they ate, and after a while Dean said, “Holy crap. These are amazing.”
"Excellent, son, excellent. You got that momentum? You got that blood still going?" Drum said, chest heaving, coming from what seemed like nowhere. In the snap of the smoky blue quiet that had been rushing through Dean's ears his mind opened up, stretching out and filling in the gaps beyond his body.
The soles of their feet were dirty and scuffed at the ground as they walked down by the river, arms slung around each other’s waists. Dean’s fingers slid under the waistband of Cas’ trousers, feeling the scrunched edges of his shirt hastily tucked in.
“I don’t know, but they are,” Dean said curtly, and they dropped into silence again, Sugar’s sweet voice filling up the space between them. Dean stretched his legs under the table and then refolded them under his chair, trying to ignore the stony face Cas was still sporting.
