Sherlock looked appalled facing the unbelievable disinterest he had to deal with now, “Look, really look! That’s not just
Suddenly folding his paper quite noisily and turning halfway on his chair to cut Sherlock short, John was unable to keep a curious smile from his face, “Not that one, you git. I was talking about your not-so-subtle undertaking of acquiring information about me.”
Caught in the act, Sherlock’s thoughts suddently hushed and he looked at his brother with a frown on his face.
It escaped Sherlock almost a bit unwillingly, as he realised when he suddenly felt his stomach drop, but it was too late to take it back now. And, maybe, at least it would make John angry enough to leave and stop asking those questions. It wasn’t like he wouldn't leave him anyway, eventually, they all had, and those who had decided to stick around never grew tired of permanently reminding Sherlock that he owed them for doing so.
Her straightforward offer was nothing he hadn’t expected, still, her unquestioning willingness to help overwhelmed him for a moment.
“Shut up,” Sherlock gritted through his teeth, unable to stop the tears from falling. No time for snarky remarks, no time for patronising superiority, just a little bit longer, just a little, the ambulance was already on its way, just… Mycroft would make it, he had to make it, this was Mycroft, for God’s sake, they just needed to hold through a little longer, then everything-
“I… apologise that I have to ask this of you. But it is important. And I hope you will agree to do it.”
Who even took this bloody picture of me and that dog, I can’t have just one day off with you two, can I?
John’s face went through several phases of processing this question before he stammered, “Yeah, I… Seriously, I don’t know, Sherlock, I never thought about- Hold on, why would you buy me…
Sherlock pressed his scarf against the stab wound in Mycroft’s stomach harder now, but the bleeding wouldn’t stop, why wouldn’t it stop…
I want you to do this. After the last time, I mean… He won’t believe it. He won’t believe I really died this time. He will come looking for me, he won’t stop searching, but there will be nothing to find, and it will kill him. So, Molly, please…” And his voice almost broke at this point, “Tell him. Show him. Do whatever it takes to make him believe that I died, for real, this time.”
So Sherlock pondered for a moment, pretending to study his specimen and fumbling with the wheels of his microscope, before he finally realised that it was time.
Sherlock nodded and filed away this new piece of information almost audibly before tending to his microscope again, while John turned another page of his paper.
But John didn’t budge. He was angry, still, yes, clenching his jaws rather forcefully at Sherlock’s infantile remark, but somehow he managed to stay remarkably calm when he replied to the question, “No, I’m not,” and then added, not breaking eye-contact for a single moment:
Obviously not finding the support he had hoped for, Sherlock trudged away, heading towards the kitchen, mumbling something like, “I’m buying hair dye tomorrow…”
And Sherlock would have an explanation for all of them. Excuses, which would only make her furious and still would change nothing about the outcome.
Sherlock Holmes at St Bart’s, this hasn’t been a frequent combination lately. Not after he had come back. Molly always had tried to push aside the thoughts that maybe this had to do something with her, or their – in lack of a better word – difficult relationship. They were friends, yes, close, but not in a seeing-each-other-every-day-way or in a knowing-what-the-other-one-is-up-to-at-this-very-moment-way. Close in a if-you-need-someone-I’m-there-for-you-way, and it wouldn’t matter if they had spoken to each other for the last time yesterday or half a year ago. Unconditional trust. And this was very mutual.
So, somehow Sherlock couldn’t even blame John for assuming he’d gotten himself onto another trip. There was no other way to interpret the signs, with this one vital piece of information missing, and deep down Sherlock had known that everyone would assume that this was what’s wrong with him.
Sherlock swallowed hard and drew breath as if to answer, but couldn’t bring himself to it. And John knew perfectly fine why. This wasn’t about “everyone”, it was because Sherlock Holmes was not-so-very-secretly terribly vain.
Molly’s eyes starting to water, her lips were trembling, so she bit them and just nodded obediently.
Except Sherlock never has been dead. I mean, of course they don’t go there, but imagine how fucked up it would be if any time Sherlock really died. [...] Imagine Sherlock realises that there is no way out, “your friends will die if you don’t”, and he accepts it, if this is the only way John can be save so be it, Sherlock is fine with it and…
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation, while supporting himself heavily with his shoulder against the door frame separating the living room and the kitchen of 221b.
It was subtle at first, but John started to grow suspicious, of course. John was pretty damn smart, after all. But it wasn’t until that one lazy Saturday morning, when another of these questions startled John out of his blissful reading the morning papier and his overall tenderly ignoring his partner’s recent and so far unfamiliar weirdness.
Sherlock threw a quick glance at her and then looked away again, the mentioning of John’s name in this context too painful for him to bear, but apparently just to the point. He took a deep breath.
Especially, because this time it wasn’t about the drugs. Sherlock was not high, Sherlock of all people would know when he was high. And drugs didn’t make him feel so miserable, at least since he had learned how to use them; drugs didn’t make him
Slowly, but determined and - for his situation - with astonishing strength, Mycroft took Sherlock’s hands and thereby relieved the pressure on his wound, then brought them closer to his chest and Sherlock, so terribly baffled by this irrational behaviour, acted even more stupid and just let him, unable to come up with any of the numerous reasons there were for this being an idea with terrible, even more, fatal consequences.
The accusations. The “why”s. The sermons about the side effects and what drugs would do to his oh-so-admirable brain. What a waste of his gift this was. What a failure he was.
Trying not to burst into laughter – this was just too good – John cast a quick look upwards and added in a casual tone, “Yeah, and you still got plenty of them up there, so what’s the point?”
Sherlock stopped in the middle of his movement and faltered. That was not the reaction John had expected, what had he said now?
(Sherlock had to try hard not to add something along "not like the last one" in his mind, but that was in fact what he wanted to avoid.)
John - standing away from him far enough to not intrude into Sherlock’s personal space, but being close and foremost ready enough to step forward should Sherlock lose either balance or consciousness.
John pouted in an attempt to hide his bemusement, still looking into his book, but having stopped reading too long ago, “So what?”
John turned a page, perfectly aware of the fact that they both knew he wasn’t reading anymore, and smirked, “Just teasing… I don’t know if the memories are particularly fond ones, but the few times we went on holiday as kids, we were spending a week or two in one of those seaside cottages down in Sussex.”
"Sherlock forgets to actually ask John to marry him, and instead just starts planning their wedding."
“No, I’m not,” escaped Sherlock’s mouth before he could stop it. He didn’t want to quarrel, not now…
dropping random questions like that at all day and night times. May I remind you when you asked me about my favourite kind of roast meat at that crime scene last week?”
“I said, ‘Gold or silver?’ I know you don’t have too many accessoires to begin with, let alone jewelry, and I know the few rings and necklaces you already have are gold, but I was wondering if you really
It was late at night and Molly had just finished her shift at St Bart’s. Nothing really particular planned for tonight, she was just about to go home to watch some crap telly together with Toby – the cat, Toby, it’s not like she was really up to a new relationship after that disaster with Tom any time soon…
“Gold or silver?” He mumbled against his slide, and John could as well have ignored it as one of Sherlock’s soliloquising remarks while working, if it wasn’t for the conversation they were having at this moment - which didn’t necessarily imply that the context of this random question was clear to John right away.
Sherlock knew he’d been poisoned. He also knew that it was Culverton Smith who had poisoned him. And under no circumstances John could know about this, not at this moment, not with what was at stake.
“Molly,” She heard a very faint voice saying as Sherlock started to approach her, stepping into the light cone cast by the lamps in the hall outside the door, “I think I’m going to die.”
But Sherlock Holmes showing up at Bart’s, unannounced, in the middle of the night, and obviously only waiting for her shift to end, awoke unpleasant memories in Molly she tried to push aside with a frown. She turned around, knowing that Sherlock was there, but unable to make out his features yet in the almost pitch-black room.
Putting down the book he had been reading in his chair and looking slightly over the edges of the reading glasses he had had to buy some years ago already, John raised his brows so that his forehead crinkled visibly and examined the seemingly empty palm of Sherlock’s right hand. It took some moments until he recognised what looked like a little colourless, curved thread and chuckled before tended to his book again.
Last night, for once, romanticism hasn’t bothered him at all. In fact, sitting there with John had reminded him of their first dinner at Angelo’s, when he’d thought John had tried to flirt with him. He’d been completely overtaxed in that situation then and finds himself wondering now if there is a chance that he’d really been John’s romantic interest. At least at that time when they’d known each other for only a day. It is not a topic they have indulged themselves in, ever. Sherlock isn’t really inclined to believe that John’s tastes run in his direction at all because John is probably the person Sherlock knows best in the world and whatever it is John might want romantically, it isn’t at all this bizarre friendship Sherlock offers him. He’s not even sure it’s something other than perfectly female.
“Sherlock, what’s the matter with you? It’s not your case.” He glowers and Sherlock looks closer to pry for something he can use to derail the DI. Make him shut up and leave.
He glances over to where John walks beside him, hands stiff at his hips, back military straight. They have fallen into silence again and Sherlock considers. If John could only just see it. Just look at him and be aware of what is lingering between them, what Sherlock has put there. The jealousy. The want. The desire.
So, anyway, hopefully that answers your questions about the how and the why. I’m here today to help out the best I can because Sharon got a real job working in a launderette, I think she’s sweet on Joseph, honestly, and the other girl that shares our flat, Abby, well, she’s a full-time student now. With her luck, she’s found herself some Sugar Daddy who’ll actually take care of her and has the ability to overlook the way her brain don’t always work right.
Whatever it is his face is portraying at the moment must be reason and explanation enough for John to react though. Sturdy hands grab at Sherlock’s chest and propel him back into the sitting room where John pushes him backwards into his chair.
“No,” he said and was a little surprised at how strained his voice sounded. And how deep his anger and hurt actually went.
Being the good doctor John didn’t chide him when he cleaned the wound and checked if it had to be stitched. Deciding that he didn’t need to go to these extents he put iodine ointment onto a patch of cotton wool and dabbed at it. Sherlock winced but then kept his gaze fixed on the John’s jaw in silence. When John had put a band aid over his wound he leaned back with sight, while John put his medical kit away.
Sherlock stares and, for a moment, John stares back at him, before he nudges his knee to Sherlock’s under the table and turns his menu card to prompt a decision. “And what do you want to eat?”
“No,” he says, “it’s not flowers. Men don’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day, they don’t” and Sherlock joints in his laughter, affectionately pecking John’s nose. They look at each other and John’s open smile is nearly blinding. It makes Sherlock’s heart lurch hard in his chest.
Sherlock nodded, lifted the gun off the floor, and checked the magazine. It proved to be empty, and they exchanged a look. John straightened his back and held his breath, motioning for Sherlock to keep quiet. They had to be quick now.
They fall silent and Sherlock breathes in the other man’s scent. It is earthen, a bit like soil and sweet around the edges but still very much like the air before a storm. He exhales in a sigh and tugs at John’s shoulder, lets the palm of his hand glide over frayed cotton. He remembers how he’s wanted to press his face into the space between John’s jaw and neck and how it would be taking liberties. He does it now and closes his arms around John’s compact form. Brushes a kiss onto his forehead. With John beside him, emptiness goes wherever it comes from, gets lost in the darkness while Sherlock gets lost in the press of warm skin through cotton fabric.
, evidently, that’s the most exciting and captivating person around? John doesn’t think he is amazing, though, despite repetitive evidence to the contrary, and Sherlock has always wondered why.
“It’s alright. Just promise me that the next time you suggest going out and having fun, you’re taking me out to dinner or drinks. Somewhere a lot warmer… and a lot less frightening.”
When John awoke, the light of dawn flooded the room, covering everything in murky orange. He blinked his eyes and turned his head sideways, away from the light. He was lying on a flat and soft surface, a blanket covering his body. When he fully opened his eyes, he realised he was lying in a hospital bed. A dull ache filled his head.
“Of course you do” John sighs. “You know everything. Yeah. Don’t use it against me.” he adds, reaches up a hand and flips an errant curl out of Sherlock’s face. In the orange light of pre-dawn filtering in through the semi-closed curtains of his bedroom John looks every bit as handsome as he did in the silvery moon light that other time Sherlock has seen him up close. Sherlock isn’t awkward or disappointed anymore that the night won’t progress into more now. Seeing John like that is enough to put him at ease. Instinctively he lifts a hand and lays it into the crook at John’s neck where the shoulder reaches out into the skin at John’s throat. The pulse beneath his fingers is steady. Strong and alive. It’s lovely.
“I’ve been thinking about this a lot,” John whispers when he breaks the kiss, his breath a sweet weight against Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock looks up into his eyes. His hands are crammed into John’s sides, still awkward. His eyelids flutter. John doesn’t move. He’s still in Sherlock’s lap and it’s more than gravity that keeps him there.
The thing about self-editing: It takes you about twice as long to edit a story as it takes you to actually write it. And every time you think you are done, you certainly aren't. I have changed the last two chapters so many times, rewritten so many details, it's a completely different story now.
Molly regards them with eyes as wide as saucers when Sherlock opens the door to the lab, John trudging behind him.
“What now?” he whispered after a few seconds, out of breath. They were crouching lowly onto the ground. It was so dark around them, John could only barely make out Sherlock’s face.
“How come Lestrade knew about your plans?” he asks, trying to catch his breath in the narrow space between their faces before he leans backwards a bit. “What did you tell him?” It’s actually not Lestrade that matters here. Sherlock doesn’t care about Lestrade’s opinion but the thought of someone else being privy to the knowledge of John’s emotional investment feels decidedly off and Sherlock is loath to not be the first to have gained that knowledge. Especially since John has called him ‘love’. He may have heard people giving other people endearments without any deeper meaning or intentions towards a permanent investment, but John doesn’t belong to them. John would want a more permanent agreement between them. Would he…?
“I don’t know if you told the police where you are, but considering the fact that the oh-so-famously clever Sherlock Holmes works alone, you probably haven’t told anyone. So no one will come looking for you yet, but when they do, we will be gone.”
Sherlock rests a protective hand over John’s waist, drinking in his warmth and scent and feels so cozy and right where he belongs that he is asleep again within ten minutes.
John had made breakfast the next morning and Sherlock is unusually awake at 8:30am. They’d spent a very nice evening at Angelo’s yesterday. Even though the restaurant had been quite crowded and John’s knees had bumped his under the table several times, Sherlock had a really good time. John had called him
She shook her head, looking very maternal, making John feel a bit small all of a sudden. Whatever she saw in his eyes made her face fill with compassion and when she spoke her voice low and full of sympathy.
“Are you still bored? I am working on this case, a lost woman, her boyfriend turned up dead a few days ago, care to come with me?”
Sherlock exhaled next to him and shifted uncomfortably. And then it dawned upon John: Sherlock must have known the drug dealers from past experiences, past drug abuse. But that couldn’t have been a very long time ago, otherwise he wouldn’t have mentioned Sherlock the way he did. So surely, that must mean…
They fell silent for a few minutes, while Sherlock busied himself with a pleat of his gown. He didn’t seem to be done yet. John was watching him out of the corners of his eyes.
“Why can’t I text him and tell him where we are? He can get his team here in 20 minutes. Give me my phone.”
Sherlock is feeling very cozy but as he gets more awake, his mind comes back on-line and immediately has to battle two very different sets of problems.
John smiled, imagining how Sherlock’s slender fingers flashed over the screen to send the message as soon as possible. In this moment it was hard to be angry with Sherlock. John felt fatalistic and noticed again how lonely he felt in this flat without the other man. How lonely his life had been before Sherlock had insinuated himself in it and swept John with him by the sheer force of his personality.
Sherlock can practically feel more deductions fall in line. In fact, the gist of it strikes him like a blow in the face and he is not nescient any longer.
It is only when it’s apparent that neither is it an accident nor would John put a stop to this that Sherlock is able to close his eyes and bow to sentiment.
He puts his foot down and thoroughly berates himself on the way back to NSY not to lose his head just because John Watson had glanced repeatedly at him and his own mind is getting unbelievably carried away with this. If this is how normal human beings handle love and sentiments, he thinks with a surge of sarcasm, he can see all too well how the world is going down.
Sherlock settles back into his chair, satisfied that the water hasn’t destroyed all the data, and listens to the whole song list and when the last song slowly fades out and the stereo clicks he restarts it. After the second run he recognizes certain melody fragments and lyrical lines. He doesn’t feel closer to cracking his case but song number six really gets to him. So much that he taps his foot on the floor to the beat. So much that he suddenly feels compelled to get out of his chair and stand in the middle of the room. The tune is really catchy and the arrangement is great, the base line is a downright thrill down his spine. He remembers that it might be one of his Dad’s favorites and where else has he heard it before?
Sherlock had showered extensively, scrubbing himself clean from head to toes and has even shaved. He’s found he needed the time to browse and replay data. John’s advice about sleep returned at some point but Sherlock had been thoroughly convinced that it would be a waste of life time to ever sleep again. There is just so much to dwell on and wasting time on challenges and mysteries isn’t his style.
John’s eyes grow very big and Sherlock realizes John couldn’t be sure about his reactions. The hours between dusk and dawn may be a time less real but maybe there is more John has to say. And there isn’t a thing about John that’s not worth noting.
Just for trying to set the mood for this chapter: There is that superstition that it means seven years of bad sex if you don't look into each other's eyes the moment you clink your glass to someone. Some people strongly live by that. If you've never heard about that before, now you have.
He had fled 221B and rented a room in another part of the city. During his first night out in his new flat when he had tried to calm down with whisky he realized how much life with Sherlock had truly fulfilled him and what he was going to live without now. He missed their crime solving and the outstanding amount of trust and comradeship the soldier in him had always found so appealing. He had asked for a miracle, for Sherlock not being dead but for two solid years he dragged himself from day to day, trying to cope, trying to be a normal guy with a normal life, trying to blend in and hide the pain. He met uncountable women but felt only briefly blissful.
“John, I-- there is something I need to tell you-- just so we’re on the same page. I did all that, because--“
John raked his hair and became aware of a puckering on his face where the third man had hit him. It hurt and he cautiously flexed his jaw and let his tongue slide over his teeth to check for damage, tasting blood, but there was no need to worry too much about that now.
His words made Sherlock leave the bed, as if he’d been burned, but John hadn’t expected it to be simple in any event. He mirrored Sherlock in crossing his arms in front of his chest, and they stared at each other. But then, Sherlock’s glance eluded him after a few seconds by turning to the window, his back rigid. John tried a different approach, his voice turning sharp.
Sherlock was staring at the man at the door, who just smiled wider and stepped further into the room, gun ready in his hand.
Somehow their lips meet again and it’s more than a university experiment between drunk and curious early-20s. It is bliss and wonder and it holds them captive where their bodies touch, warms him from his hairline all the way down to the soles of his feet. Sherlock is spell-bound by the contrast of John’s warm and gentle hands at the nape of his neck – the hands that have held a gun only a few hour earlier and suddenly, with a flash of insecurity and self-insight, feels ill-fitting and too obvious. Too big. Not in comparison to John, who is perched in his lap in what must be a pretty uncomfortable angle - his buttocks pressing down onto Sherlock’s thighs, his arms draped around Sherlock’s shoulders in a loose circle. Apart from the fact that Sherlock, for a second, has to tamp down on a surge of vanity to want to leave his body, soar up to the ceiling and check on himself and how he’s doing from the outside, it feels good. More than good.
He sighs comfortably and resorts back to evaluative thinking. Chances are he may not be able to fall back into oblivious slumber again or to get his mind in lines proper and appropriate to solve a murder case but to lie here, to hold John and watch him sleep, to be close is just more than fine. In fact, it is by all means worth keeping still and listening to the bedside alarm tick towards morning.
“I wouldn’t want that, either” Sherlock replies softly and is but a bit surprised about how true it is. They share a moment of utmost understanding and affection and John fondly nibs his jaw before he somewhat reluctantly steps back and lets him go. “Any ideas about how and where to start?”
Examining the rest of the box and velvet inlay provides him with no solution whatsoever. He’s dismantled the whole ensemble, careful not to touch the flower more than absolutely necessary, put the respective parts onto the kitchen table and has ignored the teacup John has left for him on the counter out of obstinate spite. John has taken his own cup to the sitting room and busies himself with the newspaper. The silence feels a bit tense but since the flat hasn’t been blown up to smithereens yet neither of them has felt the need for chatter.
The blood rushing through him fills his ears with white noise when he leads John out of the kitchen and through the dark hallway to his own bedroom. He doesn’t bother to switch on a light. John keeps silent and closes the door behind them, still holding his hand, before they get into bed together and under the cool sheets. It is approaching 1:30am and after days without sleep and scarce nutrition Sherlock’s movements are quite wooden. There is still so much to say, so much to ask and so many possibilities as to how to proceed now. Not to mention the prevailing  case and its serious setback. But right now Sherlock is just so unbelievably tired. Turning around to face John he sees him stretch under the covers and stifle a yawn behind the back of his hand. Their eyes meet when Sherlock’s head hits the pillow and for a moment both of them are waiting, poised as if for more but unsure about what that could be.
John sees his awkwardness. He blinks a few times and then composes himself and gives him a reassuring smile.
Donovan had left muttering “…makes two freaks now, my ass…” and Lestrade, both flummoxed and highly entertained, though he didn’t hide either very well, had told John he could as well use Donovan’s computer now that she has removed herself to effectively from the immediate surroundings.
“You’re dressed up,” he states, and with a wave of his hand indicates Lestrade’s crisp white shirt, his orderly tie and polished shoes. He is even wearing a proper suit and Sherlock feels his hackles rise when conclusions fall into line.
Sherlock’s mouth opens around more appropriate vocabulary but no sound comes out. His gaze flickers over John’s face but everything he is able to determine is that John is telling him the truth. He huffs in exasperation and annoyance.
Sherlock is utterly lost in his conundrum. His microscope on the table, he cuts a thin stripe from the cardstock to test with various chemicals. If the material is abuzz with toxin or anything equally hazardous he will find out. The foxglove will be for later but Sherlock wants to play it safe with the envelope and card first and upon a first cursory inspection the flower seemed untampered with and…
“I missed him. Hell, even Anderson missed him. And you, for that matter. Police work just isn’t the same without you.”
Rushing to the door, Sherlock doesn’t turn to check whether John follows and for a moment he is unsure whether he wants him to. Then quiet footfalls echo behind him and he’s relieved of the decision. In the pockets of his coat his hands shake around the objects where he’s grabbed them.
John buried his hand likewise into Sherlock’s trousers and enveloped his cock while determinedly pushing Sherlock backwards with his full weight. Sherlock was gasping and trembling underneath him and John couldn’t get enough of him now. His lips roamed Sherlock’s face, throat, pulse point and collarbones, his teeth grazing Sherlock’s hot skin and when Sherlock leaned back onto one elbow, his fingers straining to remain in John’s pants, John slid down onto him to scatter urgent kisses all over his chest. Sherlock trembled deliciously, his fingers lost their grip and came up to stroke the sides of John’s waist instead. John couldn’t mourn the loss of their touch, though, because if Sherlock was really willing to give himself to him, John would take proper care of him first, give him everything and deny him nothing. Provide the perfect sensation. His heart did that odd lurching thing again. Apart from all the things he could imagine doing that Sherlock would allow him to do with him, he wanted to make him feel comfortable and cherished and save and…
“Sit down, sit down, let us have a cosy cup of tea now to pass the time, shall we? I might need a doctor’s advice for my hip.”
“We’ve gotten hold on our prime suspect in the drug lab case, they are just bringing him in. Sherlock will be pleased, he spent the last three days locating him for us and digging up more evidence in the morgue.”
He clicked the off-button and let the phone slide through his fingers onto the floor, before his attention snapped back to John. His nervousness seemed evaporated and John licked his lips. Sherlock’s eyes followed the movement.
But before they could engage in more, there was a knock on the door.  A second later Lestrade walked into the room, followed by Detective Donovan. They seemed to be in the middle of an argument, because both were looking at each other when they came in, faces set in angry lines.
Two words that can hold an entire universe. John’s eyes are dancing and his answer is full of heat  - full of promises.
He turns and sees his own horrification mirrored in John’s pale and dirty face. There is something else in John’s eyes that Sherlock finds hard to describe. It may be a grim sadness because John is a compassionate person and human tragedies always affect him in a way Sherlock has never felt the need to sympathize with before.
“It’ll be alright, Sherlock, please, sit down. This case is horrible and you really need to sleep, maybe you should go—.”
He closed his eyes for a second to calm himself but found that, when he opened them again, he couldn’t look at Sherlock. His nerves felt raw. His hands were shaking and he retrieved them from Sherlock’s and put them into his own lap. Sherlock didn’t hold onto him when he sensed the movement and let go. The air around them felt heavy.
John pushed against him and it was overwhelming how that simple gesture, that easy movement had Sherlock shuddering and throwing his head back into the pillow. He was moaning in a way that made John’s ears tingle, low and clear, with every breath John drove from him every time he rocked their hips together. The intensity was madening. The skin of their bellies soon turned slick from sweat and pre-come, making their movements even sweeter and smoother.
“Is that Sherlock-speak for ‘I have never engaged in an intimate relationship because I have never been in love?’ You sound like you’ve rehearsed that definition of yours. Sounds a bit defensive to me, though. And rather old-fashioned.”
way? But no, there is physical evidence between them suggesting the contrary. So why is he holding back?
“I never would,” he says and swallows because his next words are the truth and John’s eyes glimmer dark grey and intense. “I’d rather sit through that dreadful playing of yours than betray your confidence, John.”
Willfulness notwithstanding, Sherlock fell and it had caused an undesirable amount of pain and darkness. And sometimes, when Sherlock looks at John and sees that look returned in blue, gold flecked eyes, he has to fight flashbacks of that darkness, that pain. Pain that has led him astray, has left him terrified and his heart brittle and weak...
when he blinks up at him and Sherlock is reminded of how John had smiled at him last night at Regent’s Park. Before they’ve gone home.
“Good morning,” John rumbles and his voice is so raspy and deliciously deep that Sherlock feels its vibrations weave through his body where it touches John’s.
Molly tilts her head in wonder and out of the corner of his eyes he sees John stand straight at attention, his defensive posture a noticeable sign of how much mayhem he expects every time Mycroft involves himself into their lives. As if he wants to be suitably ready at any time to step into the breach between the brothers and keep them from the worst. As if Mycroft is to walk in here any moment, umbrella swinging from his wrist and quipping at Sherlock until he loses patience and snaps. Frankly, it’s deeply pleasing and the way John’s eyes glisten in the face of potential danger is downright captivating. But only until Sherlock remembers the last time John’s eyes have glistened that way and what Lestrade has actually interrupted. He feels a pang of infuriating regret at the terrible timing that only helps to fan his rage.
John swallowed heavily against a lump in his throat that wouldn’t disappear and he gaped at Sherlock, opening his mouth only to close it again. Did Sherlock really just say that? And mean what John thought he meant? It was too easy to hope. One never knew with Sherlock. John’s chest felt tight. Because he just wanted to believe him. With all his heart. Be weak and just believe him.
He felt tears sting behind his eyes and his head tilted forward to rest against Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock’s sharp breath caressed his cheeks.
“It’s too light,” he says by way of an elaborate explanation and sets the box down onto the table to push his fingers under the ribbon and remove it. He’s about to remove the lid when-
Lestrade acts as if Mycroft’s name and Sherlock’s implication don’t faze him, which only acts as the last clue Sherlock needs. He steeples his fingers under his chin, a cruel smile on his face.
Gently, so as not to disturb Sherlock, who had his back to him and was swaying lightly to the sound of his own playing, he shrugged out of his jacket to hang it on the hat stand next to the door. His gaze fell upon Sherlock’s coat and he grabbed the muddied sleeve without thinking. An idea formed in his brain and checking again whether Sherlock’s attention was still elsewhere John thoroughly searched his pockets. He was relieved when his hands came up empty.
John looks bemusedly at him. “I’ve just gotten a mail from- oh, my god, I don’t believe it. Radio-silence yesterday and now this. I’ve been checking my mobile all day yesterday.”
“You know,” John says, sliding closer and Sherlock cannot help how his gaze falls down towards John’s broad chest and slides lower still. “I shouldn’t be surprised that your brother monitors me sending you a parcel. I know I also shouldn’t be surprised he’s got someone to actually track... Oh!” Abruptly, John falls silent and some kind of nervous flicker comes into his eyes. “Sherlock,” he says, slowly, “I will remind your brother that not everything we do is his damn business next time I see him. But-”
Sherlock adoringly stumbled over the word “kissed” and harrumphed. His arm that wasn’t holding onto his wrist had slowly lifted upwards to gently and hesitantly skim the side of John’s body and when it reached his shoulder, Sherlock held on tight for a moment before lifting it even higher to tenderly stroke his delicate fingers through a few strands of John’s sandy-blond hair.
John felt a sudden rush of adrenalin jarring through him, and without really processing what he was doing, he grabbed the telephone receiver off the table. He then turned around and used his momentum to hurl the device into the direction of the man, who was still lounging next to the door, hitting him square in the face.
“Okay, right. Then what about the flower?” John has stepped closer and is canting his hips against the kitchen table. After Sherlock’s dismissal of the Woman John’s eyes shine a bit, Sherlock is satisfied to notice. Still, the whole conversation is grating on his nerves.
John watched transfixed as those clever hands worked the fabric out of the way and then he lost the air from his lungs and the sense from his mind when Sherlock slowly dipped his fingers into his boxers.
"No, I won’t because I just don't understand why you bother with that sister of your friend's wife's. She looks so dull."
“I know what you’ve been hoping for,” Sherlock says hotly, hackles rising, because he can only imagine too well, “and I am sorry you didn’t get it, I am sorry the day didn’t exactly live up to your expectations.”
colour fans? John, there is a difference between-” But Sherlock fell silent as John rose his finger to indicate that he was nowhere near to wanting to have
She had just switched off the lights and was about to walk through the door as a far too familiar feeling creeped up her neck, and she didn’t even have to turn and look to know what was causing it.
Mycroft tried to keep his Holmesian facade, tried not to show that he was in pain, that he was dying, but the sweat on his skin, the colour fading from his face and the heavy, but shallow breathing suggested otherwise.
Was it the pain in his stomach slowly clouding his mind, or the fact that John deliberately deviated from the Holmesian way of handling these sort of things, but Sherlock couldn’t keep himself from snarling dismissively, “
John frowned and stopped reading, but didn’t put down the paper yet. He pondered for a moment and then decided to tackle the subject straightforwardly.
“Yeah, but that’s you, you’ve always had this sort-of grey-ish copper colour, but my hair is black. Black, John. Everone will–”
?” He emphasised the last word as if he could not believe he actually had to use this one of all words in this context, while trying to suppress the presentimental, fluttery feeling which suddenly rose in his stomach for apparently no reason, because why would using this word in a conversation with Sherlock Holmes cause such an inexplicable-
The determination and ultimacy in his voice made Molly’s stomach cringe. Trying to gulp away the tears dwelling in her eyes as the realisation finally came through, her denial tried to reason with the man in front of her.
“I just mispoke and corrected myself,” Sherlock tried to deflect the topic at first, but at this point he knew John far too well to misinterpret the disbelieving silence which followed his almost blatant lie differently than that John would not end this conversation without having been given a satisfying answer.
“It was a wilful fire-raising, Sherlock. Or a fortnight ago, when I cut myself eleven times while shaving because you wouldn’t stop come rushing into the bathroom, because you needed to confirm the exact shade of my favourite colour with these stupid colour fans?”
Sherlock was physically unable to reply to that, doomed to watch Mycroft’s face contort in pain and his vigours fade at the same time.
She knew it would be useless trying to reason with him, trying to talk him out of anything he had figured would be the right thing to do. She knew there was nothing she could say to change his mind now, but she wanted to, she needed to, there had to be something she could do to stop this happening.
No, that could not be it, Sherlock must have a plan, Sherlock always had a plan, that’s why he’d come, hadn’t he? He needed Molly’s help with something, again, so the next words almost poured out of her mouth automatically.
But Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to say the word, to finish the sentence, so he ended up with a hiccoughing sob. He didn’t know when exactly he had started to cry, but the painfully peaceful expression on Mycroft’s face didn’t make the attempts of stoppping it any less futile.
“What is your favourite colour, John?” (for the bridesmaids’ dresses and the groomsmans’ ties), “John, what is your favourite cake?” (because he obviously didn’t like the last one), “What is your favourite song?”, “I’ve composed something and would like to test whether it’s danceable or not, would you mind…?”
Sherlock growled and rolled them over, pushing into his lover again and again until John cried out and reached for him, spilling his seed between then.  Then Sherlock allowed himself to finish before relaxing on top of his paramour, panting for breath.
Sherlock woke to the sound of growling.  Blinking open his eyes he focused on John in wolf form staring down Mycroft who was pressed to the door.
“I know.”  John whispered and kissed his cheek, aware that Sherlock had been licking his dirtiest of places.  Love would only allow him to do so much.
Yeah… Right.  A friend that would possessively suck your cock when a pretty sex slave gave you attention and yet reject you when you offered yourself to him?  “I don’t have any friends!”  Sherlock spit out.
“It will help with your pregnancy.  Babies with bonded parents develop with fewer complications.” John stood up and crossed the room to sit in his chair.
“Do you want to know where I was this morning?” The brunette rubbed at his cheek.  “It was an experiment in attraction.  Clearly they weren’t attracted to me.”
John cried out and managed to wrap three of his appendages around Sherlock’s body before his climax crested.  For several long moments he lay gasping for breath, only half aware that Sherlock had gone still above him.
Sherlock swallowed hard, pulling his hand away from his abused genitals.  “I can’t… Finish.  It hurts…”
With a soft hum, Sherlock pulled back just a little bit just as John climaxed.  Obediently he swallowed it all down.
“You’d gain my standing… the standing I had in my old pack.  You’d be alpha with me… my alpha mate… our own pack.”  John’s lips pressed against Sherlock’s neck and lightly kissed there.
But our story begins twelve hours earlier when brother Mycroft suggested that Sherlock needed a holiday, “For your own sanity.”  Sherlock had gone over a month with back to back cases and never any rest.  His work was beginning to suffer due to his lack of sleep and food.  Mycroft managed to whisk his younger brother away from the city to an unused country abode that was conveniently stocked with supplies.  It usually spent time as a safe house, but Mycroft thought his brother needed the isolation more than any of the usual occupants.  “I will return for you in two weeks, brother of mine.” Mycroft informed him before his driver took off, leaving Sherlock in a cloud of dust with an empty house, and nearby woods.
“You will be a good husband to her.  Marrying you will give her the stability she needs and she doesn’t have to worry about her husband taking what is rightfully her land.”
When John returned home from his job as a locum doctor he found Sherlock sprawled on the couch wearing only a sheet.  The heat had been turned up and there was a fire in the fireplace making the flat warm.  “Hello.”
Sherlock never told anyone about his sexuality.  Really he didn’t think it was anyone’s business… Not that he had time to act on it with all his cases.  Emotional entanglements were not his area.  But if we have to classify him into some sexuality box it would have the label of “gay.”  As such, Sherlock appreciated the male form when it was in front of him.  And this male had a very impressive form, despite the animal legs.  The being’s erection caused him to have an erection in sympathy.  Briefly he fantasized about being taken by such a magnificent cock.  Quickly he buried those thoughts deep into his mind palace for later masturbation material.  Even though he stayed away from emotional entanglements he did masturbate.
Sherlock Holmes was lost.  Usually he had an impeccable sense of direction.  But he was not in his beloved city of London, he was in the woods.  The trees made it difficult to get his bearings.  Without the moon he only had torchlight to navigate.  But one tree looked like all the rest.
“That’s probably why… we didn’t… because we mated the whole pack… and we allowed humans to breed with us and shared them.  If we paired off then…”
“I don’t become attached.” Sherlock murmured.  “Attachment means inevitable pain when they move on.  Attachment hurts.”
Staring up at the ceiling, his mouth open and eyes shut, Sherlock didn’t know if he was about to have his throat ripped out or explode in his pants… His hand reached up to touch the other man’s arm.  And then his mobile went off.
Sherlock pulled away, licking the seed from his bottom lip before crawling up John’s body to kiss the scar on his shoulder.
“Really, Lord John… There must be a feast!  With music and wine and dance!”  Sherlock turned towards the doors to the great feast hall, his court scrambling to get out of the way as he passed through them and to the doors.  “Tonight we feast and make merry and send you off to your marriage bed properly!”  Sherlock intoned with a sort of manic glee.
Sherlock took the position of the big spoon, arms around John’s waist, and his face behind John’s shoulder.  “Yes, right now.”  It came out as a purr.  Really he wanted to hear what excuse John would make.  A part of Sherlock knew that John would most likely turn him down.  Their relationship was not physical.  There were hugs and kisses, but nothing else.
“Yes.  I was there.  It’s the only tourney you competed in… Even though there have been other tournaments since.  I hoped I would see you compete again… But you never did.”
“You haven’t been taking care of yourself.  You starting to smell like me.  We’ll drain the tub and you can take a shower.”
John smirked and scooted closer to the faun.  The heat that seemed to roll off of him was pleasant and John basked in it.  His eyes took in the budding trees.  “Is it my imagination or is this place changing seasons?”
Sherlock looked to the door of the house and then back at the former faun.  “Would you like to come in?”
Sherlock sat on the couch, feet up on the coffee table.  On the telly Chef Ramsey was going through someone’s walk-in, completely disgusted by the rotten food and mold he found.
“Well… Thank you.”  John smiled back, feeling the heat from where the faun touched him travel up his leg.  The sensation seemed to migrate through his body, making him feel completely warm and relaxed at the faun’s touch even though by rights he should be terrified.  Instead he felt really good… Almost intoxicated.
“Thank you, Mycroft.”  Watson raised his hand.  Instantly his soldiers took the slaves and whisked them away.
John gave a soft sigh and climbed onto the bed.  His fingers lightly touched where my slick came from.  “Are you sure?”
I lay back on the bed, my feet on the mattress so I could lift my hips.  If John was to take me, I would have him face to face or not at all.  A part of me wanted to roll over onto my hands and knees and take the more traditional breeding position… But if this was to be my one and only experience with my Alpha, then I wanted to remember what he looked like when he filled me.
Mary tapped his arm in warning.  “My lord husband will be delighted to attend to the king as a loyal servant.”
John panicked.  What were the odds of the murderer picking him as his next victim?  Glancing towards the stage, he made eye contact with Sherlock… At least he hoped he did.  John suspected it was hard for Sherlock to see with the spotlight in his eyes.
“You’ve been very naughty, Sherlock Holmes… ignoring your friend as he wandered the halls.  It wasn’t a very nice thing to do.  Not once coming down to check on him!”
John took a step back.  “No… I… No… I didn’t realize it had been nine days.  You told me to stay until I got her pregnant.  I didn’t know you meant seven days exactly.  If I had known I would have kept better track of the days.”
Gently John guided her back into a proper sitting position between them.  She whimpered at being placed in the new position.  “You have to sit up while you’re in a car, Rosie.” John soothed her.  “I’ll miss her climbing into bed with us in the morning before breakfast.”
“You… could?”  Sherlock closed his eyes and arched his neck, allowing John more room for god knows WHAT upon his person.  His body was reacting to the werewolf… his cock hard in his trousers, his heart rate accelerated.  Never had he felt so… so sexual in his LIFE!  Even with Trevor trying to wank him off in secondary.
I didn’t want to let him in.  I wanted him to pack up Rosie and go back to his home… A home that didn’t include me.  A home that never included me.
John sat for a time, staring off into the distance before he came out of whatever trance he was under and lay down in the bed at Sherlock’s side.
Rosie placed her most recent ball of bread into her mouth, pressing a finger there as she regarded Molly.  “Hello, Aunt Molly.”
Months passed.  John seemed agitated.  By my calculations his last sexual release had been shortly before Mary died, the year before.  Someone like John couldn’t wait that long.
With a weary sigh John crawled onto the bed, placing a hand on Sherlock’s thigh to move it aside and assess the damage.  “Chafing.  How long have you been at it?”
Lord John sat on his throne and stared at the man who was bound in chains before him.  The scruffy looking brunette had a smirk upon his lips and a dangerous gleam in his eyes.  “Why?”
Sherlock finally got up and went into the bathroom.  A few moments later he returned with a wet flannel and cleaned John’s belly.  Satisfied that all the semen had been wiped away, he tossed the flannel onto the floor and climbed back into bed.  “Sherlock Watson.  John Holmes.”
“I chose myself.” I answered.  The tears could no longer be contained and I wiped them away.  “First I chose Mycroft and then I chose myself.  She didn’t like that answer.  She didn’t expect that answer.”
I stopped taking them the day Mary died.  The bullet that killed her was meant for me and I was on borrowed time.  I stopped taking suppressants and plunged myself into the drugs so I would forget.  I would forget that I was about to die and that my Alpha hated me with every fiber of his being.  It was better to forget and then slip away.
Sherlock realized that his robe was open and he stood to close it, stepping up beside John’s defensive position.  “What do you want, Mycroft?”
“You should.  It’s not exactly an honorary title that can be given to a family friend, like aunt or uncle.  She sees you as a father.” John noticed his ring had made its way to his fingertip and he pushed it back down into place.
Also there was the hope that any monster in the woods would be fearful enough not to take out Watson when he was isolated.
John blinked, seeing scarred lines crisscrossing Sherlock back.  It killed him to not know where or how Sherlock got them.  John had seen Sherlock’s naked back multiple times before he jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s.  His back had been smooth and perfect before.
John recalled what Sherlock had yelled at Mycroft the day the flat had been bombed.  “We’re family.”
“Then the breeding program would end.”  Sherlock gave John as small smile.  “It seems warg are only artificially adapted to polygamy.”
The faun tugged at John’s clothing, his fingers awkwardly trying to undo buttons.  But either he never encountered them before or he was out of practice.  Finally he gave up with a sigh of frustration.  “You are wearing too many clothes!  You must be naked when we enter into the fairy realm.”
Lord Sherlock insisted on staying naked despite John’s pleas that he at least put on a shift or a pair of trousers.  In fact both articles of clothing were on the bed at Sherlock’s feet but the other lord ignored them.
“No.  We’re not allowed… he’s not part of my pack.  My sister fostered him until he’s old enough to be weaned and then he was placed in a Beta group.  They are schooled together and will join the breeding program when they reach sexual maturity at 16.”
John regarded me from his chair.  “You know you’re good at that.”  With a smirk he tucked himself away.
John rolled over onto his side, staring into the darkness of the unfamiliar room.  The bed was far more comfortable than any of his own.  The mattress was soft.  And in that instant he remembered the look on Sherlock’s face when they had sex.  Would he look the same way when he took Mary?  Would she see the lust in his eyes or hear the whispered words of devotion?  Would it be too dark to see?  What was it like to be a woman and to feel a man’s cock enter her?  Would he excite her first so she was wet?  And then tomorrow night would she be disappointed that John’s length and girth weren’t the same?
I wanted John to myself.  Perhaps I’m selfish like that.  “I was planning on having sex with you when we returned home.”
“Her desire was to have a child of her own… Something she couldn’t have in the Fairy Realm.”  Sherlock took a deep breath and then took John’s hand, pulling him away from the scene.
John finally went still and I swallowed and swallowed, tasting John for the first time everywhere at once.  It caused me to choke.  John released my curls and stepped away, tucking himself back into his pants and putting his trousers to rights.  Crossing the room, he sat down on his chair, leaving me alone on my knees in the middle of the room.
Rosie stirred and reached up to touch his chin, guiding him down to her level and kissed his cheek.  “I love you.”
Suddenly it was too much.  I attempted to pull away but John had me by the hair.  With a sudden panic and a cry, I attempted to alert John to his discomfort.  But it went unheeded.
I remembered the flirting the Woman used to try on me.  Since John couldn’t stop thinking about her why not use some of her phrases on him?  “I’m hungry!” I replied as I dragged him to the bedroom.
John blinked up at Sherlock, feeling his warm hand cover his own, tied to him with the sash as closely as his own hand covered Mary’s.  Was this some mistake?  Had the king just bound himself into John’s marriage?  Was it intentional?  “So be it…” The words fell from his lips as he glanced at his bride.
“You told me it might save my life one day.”  Sherlock retorted, leaning back against the wall, his energy draining.
“Everything he’s done since he started seeing his new therapist after Mary died… It was programmed into him by our sister.  He carried out her whims.”
John grunted and pulled his hand out of Sherlock’s pants, opting instead to tug down the other man’s pajama bottoms and pants.  Sherlock eagerly mirrored John’s solution, excited to find that John was fully aroused.  With their penises exposed they rubbed against each other in an inelegant way, skin on skin.
Obediently I turned over so we could come together face to face.  I wrapped my arms around his shoulders as he pushed back into me.  “John…” I murmured, feeling the delightful stretch and burn.  It was evidence that he was inside of me.
“I didn’t want another servant to come at my call.”  Sherlock sat down on the bed and patted it with his hand.  “Come up here.”
“She started to quote texts at me…” I answered carefully, unsure how much I needed to say before he caught on.
“It’s a gift.”  John smirked and got up from the floor, careful not to drip the contents of his hand.  And as he entered the kitchen his hand might have been raised to his mouth a moment before it was cleaned in the sink.
It would have been easier to bed John and find him to be lacking so he could cut all ties to him… Choose someone else as a lover.  But John was everything he imagined and more.  He spent three seasons pondering if John Watson was really everything he wanted in a lover.  And half that time he wondered if John even wanted him.  Did John fuck him from a sense of duty?  No… Their first time together John didn’t even know who he was.  But that may have been because Sherlock had been so insistent.  A fear began to grow that John only tolerated him to be kind and he really was only interested in women like Mary.
“What is it you want, John?”  It was the question I had been harboring since our marriage, six months before.
“It would hardly be my first.” Watson admitted.  “I was once a schoolboy…” And then he trailed off.  “That does not matter.  You may touch me.  I will not leave you again.”
“I’m… At war.”  John breathed, staring up at the other man’s impossibly cool eyes.  “There’s no time…”  His words were cut off when Sherlock kissed him.  It lasted only a moment before John regained his senses and pushed the other man away.  “No!  I don’t need this.”
“You’ve never been to the city?”  Sherlock watched John’s reaction to Piccadilly Circus with some amusement.
Sherlock stood up and held out his hand.  John took it and was pulled up off the couch.  The detective led him into the bedroom and released his hand to go to the chest of drawers.  Quickly he pulled out pajamas and dropped them on the bed before beginning the process of undressing.
“I belong to you… My king.”  John moved carefully.  “My body… My soul… Is yours.”  His hand reached down to stroke Sherlock’s cock, causing the other man to whimper and tilt his hips.  “If you command me to fall upon my sword… I will.”  John pulled back a bit so he could stroke Sherlock in time with his thrusts.  “If you command me to fall upon your sword.”  John squeezed the tip and gave Sherlock a small grin.  “I will happily do that too.”  With another squeeze he settled back down on the other man.  “You were the first to look at me with love in a long time…  You didn’t see a broken soldier.  You saw me… The man I could be again.  And I am yours.  If I thought for a moment you wanted a bed slave I would dress myself in golden chains and sit at the foot of your throne.  But you don’t.  You want a companion and lover.  I can be that for you.  I’m yours and you can do as you wish with me.”
John looks quizzically up at his partner who pretends to be blind. They both hug Sophie and watch her leave with Greg and Mrs. Hudson. Martin and Mycroft go out towards the front of the building.
Sherlock knows well that sometimes John needs his space to deal with his emotions. Tonight, later, he will comfort his body and his heart, but for now, he can allow John
John nods and waits for Sherlock to deduce his way to the answers. While they roll off his silver tongue, he unbuttons Sherlock’s shirt and changes it for a plain blue cotton tee and Sherlock barely notices until John is unzipping his black trousers and pulling them down Sherlock’s legs. The detective pauses for only a few seconds when he is handed a pair of khaki walking shorts and his old trainers. He certainly doesn’t stop talking while he’s putting on low socks and tying his shoes.
Sherlock asks what the special of the day is, Kevin laughs and says he’ll think of something. The old man heads back to the kitchen with a loud, “Ruthie! Whip up something special, we’ve got guests!”
“Anthea, Plan B, please,” Mycroft states with authority and no little irritation, tugging at the bottom of his waistcoat.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow in his sister’s direction but does not turn his head or otherwise acknowledge the ridiculousness that is spilling from her mouth. After a few more minutes of this, he sighs. “What are you on about?”
“Would you like to sit down, Mr…” Lestrade trails off, stuck awkwardly holding a plastic chair out to the man.
Trying not to overthink it, I grab an oven mitt from the bench as I pass into the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson is right, as always, her instinct for baking once again catching the pastries before the egg-timer goes off. I haul the big, flat pan covered with the lightly browned pastry puffs out of the oven and set it flat on the hob, then reach into the fridge for the bowl of chocolate icing we mixed up earlier. Instead of letting it warm up, I stick the bowl into the microwave and press a button. I’m not really paying attention to which button, because I go ahead and count to thirty anyway then take the thin plastic bowl and pinch it slightly, the way she showed me, making a bit of a spout in order to drizzle the icing over the dimply little pastries.
Douglas doesn’t hear much more of the conversation, because the two men on the plane move a little ways apart and he gets a look at the ginger’s face. Something in the region of his chest drops to his feet and he wouldn’t move now if fifty stampeding elephants tried to push him away. Douglas determines right then and there that he’s going to get to know this man, one way or the other.
“It’s all fine,” Sherlock says, unfolding himself and standing, completely ignoring the light-colored dog hairs that decorate the lap of his black trousers. He leans towards John, places a quick kiss that says so much so very loudly with hardly a sound on the other man’s forehead and saunters towards the door with Bryan’s pup in his hands.
John sees Sherlock roll his eyes from the corner of his own and grinds his teeth. The detective is wearing that
“Come here, girl,” I call to the red and white pup. She scrambles across the floor, her fat little belly swinging and her ridiculous tongue lolling out the side of her mouth. Sometimes I feel sorry for her, I mean, come on, who crosses a bulldog with a lab in the first place? I don’t think that story’s quite true, though, ‘cause there’s got to be some other weird terrier-thing in there, probably a dachshund or some such, she’s got such dainty paws.
to do your job when you aren’t here…” Sherlock mutters loudly. He’s stuffing the papers back into the file.
“Usually, I just see him while he’s working,” Sherlock offers while John sputters. “Never mind, John. Lestrade, the address is seventeen seventy seven, if he’s not there and the red shoes are missing, you’ll find him at the Jitterbug.”
Ophelia narrows her blue eyes at the unspoken words left hanging in midair then purses her lips and blows a rebellious auburn ringlet off her forehead. “What about her?”
Sherlock stops short of the downed bi-plane and John rushes past him, pushing him out of the way. Immediately, Sherlock turns and holds his arms out, stopping the general public from getting in the way. A tall, broad-shouldered older man is jogging towards him, claiming to be a medic. Sherlock sees through the lie but has already deduced that that both the pilot and the wingwalker need help, so he allows the man past him. Sirens fill the air as the safety crew heads towards the crash.
“Gosh, it’s cold in here and that’s saying something because this is a morgue,” she mutters nervously. No one answers her, so she skitters in between them all and towards her office. She counts to ten before Mike joins her.
Sherlock tilts his head in the man’s direction but doesn’t say anything. A curl falls down over his forehead as he scrunches his nose up and studies the floor.
But I can’t get into that now, mostly because I don’t want to make you sad on a day that’s supposed to be so happy. I was talking about Sherlock’s eyes, wasn’t I?
there. Should he have just gone on home with the others? Surely he could have talked to someone and headed back towards Fitton.
As always, her ability to handle Holmes siblings should ensure her sainthood. John thinks about talking to Mycroft about that.
“Been married for a while, now. My wife, Atlantea, and I have three children, the boys: Tobias and Alfred, and our twelve-year old daughter, Persephone.”
“It was in my mouth, John,” Sherlock whispers as he pushes the door open slowly so that it doesn’t creak in any way.
“Mr. Monk, it’s going to be alright. Just let me….” He pokes his tongue between his lips as the last padlock snicks open. Captain and Lestrade reach down together and pull the chains off the trunk. “Just stay still Mr. Monk, we’ll have you out in a bit…”
Molly smiles and leans against her desk, crossing her arms over her chest when the sound of two angry voices filter back to them. Mike raises his eyebrows over his dark-rimmed glasses and Molly shrugs.
Later, the hour virtually unnamable, John fiddles with the kettle without actually ever turning it on. He blinks quickly, attempting desperately to keep the memories at bay of a past threatening to obscure the present.
Ophelia cuts over him smoothly. “Mister Norton says he isn’t haunting his wife. He is protecting her.”
So far the entire show has been alright, at least with enough variety that it has kept him interested all morning. He’s a little uncomfortable, though, because Arthur’s got his most recent girlfriend with him and sitting on Carolyn’s other side is Douglas’ long-time rival for the title of Most Awesome Sky God, Hercules Shipwright. It doesn’t help that Hercules is currently the captain of MJN.
He feels splayed open, as if his chest has been cracked and his beating heart shown live on a screen the size of the London Eye to the entire world; he’s laid out on an operating table with the theatre is a landing strip and there’s a private jet, its long, silver nose quite so phallic where it stands behind Sherlock, the wind whipping the blue scarf around his neck as well as his hair…and his eyes, emeralds turned flint and he’s watching John as if waiting for a chance to say…
bed, Sherlock’s oft cold and lonely bed that John would be crawling into tonight. But no. He shakes his head as he pulls off his coat. Dropping it on the back of the sofa, he toes out of his shoes and drops down to take up the space John’s so recently vacated; he tries to tell himself that it means nothing that he savors every last little bit of the warmth the other man has left behind.
Sherlock gazes at John for longer than is probably considered to be ‘proper,’ but he is paralyzed down here on the floor by everything he can see flashing through John’s eyes.
is there. John will swear without a doubt about that something because of the way the little hairs stand up on the back of his neck and his skin crawls with the feeling that he’s being watched when he knows full well he’s the only one in the room. Sometimes it reminds him of being on patrol in the desert, all too aware of where your enemies are and how much firepower they had at their fingertips.
“Yeah, Sherlock had some troubles in his early twenties, that’s his story to tell, but met up with Mrs. Hudson again and solved a problem for her; he rents a flat in a building she owns on Baker Street, right in London, and somewhere in there, that’s where he and John met up.”
John holds up one finger, “Right. Hang on, then.” He does an abbreviated run through of his morning routine, skipping the shower, then pulls a pair of jeans and a bright blue T-shirt from the suitcase. If Sherlock wants to broil all day, that’s his business, but John certainly doesn’t have to. As he dresses, he listens to what’s happening in the other room.
John bites out another thanks, then Mike is gone again, followed swiftly by Molly who has a stack of papers in her hands. She leaves them without saying anything.
Sherlock finally shuts his pretty mouth and oozes off the desk. House goes out of his way to open one of the drawers and take out an entire roll of paper towels. He pulls off about fifteen of them then makes a big show of wiping off the desk.
Mummy fusses over Sherlock for a moment, elegant fingers pushing his curls off his forehead, hands caressing his face before leaning down and kissing his forehead warmly. She offers Mycroft a nod and he moves the hard plastic seat closer to Sherlock’s bed, heeding the wordless request.
“Absolutely, I’d love to do that,” Doctor Stamford’s warm voice states clearly over the rather obnoxious music playing in the background. It dies down some, so he continues. “You see, Reggie, the latest theories in ancient alien technology all seem to point to the first contact with our species, which is about the same point in time, let’s say, just before humans discovered the many uses of fire. It is thought that due to the nature of the war between two similar races, both of them what we think of as humanoid in appearance… well, eventually representatives from both races wound up on the blue planet. At different times through human evolution and indeed, the long history of our species, we’ve discovered that they came into contact with our civilizations: the Ancient Egyptians, the Greeks, the Aksumites, the Romans, the Olmecs, the Mayans…Reggie, the list goes on and on.”
Sherlock sighs dramatically and takes an empty seat at the large table that dominates the space. John crosses behind him to the coffee pot set out against the wall and makes them both a cup. Knowing that Sherlock won’t drink it, he dumps a bunch of sugar into it and sets it down on the table anyway then takes the chair next to him. The officers remain standing.
When he finally gets it open, he exhales and hands over the ropy thing to Captain simply because the man happens to be the closest non-John in the room. He takes it with a frown. The tiny square of white paper that Sherlock is carefully unfolding now is much more interesting. He gets it open completely and it’s really no larger than a bean seed but there seems to be some writing on it. He huffs and hands it to John who reads it and shrugs.
. Sally knows this as well as anyone. That truth may hurt, it may cut you deep and drop you to your knees, but it is still
“Apparently you don’t believe he had a secret, then?” John asks, not looking at her but staring at the two devices in his hands, the EVP reader in his right and the EMF meter in his left. Lines and squiggles are dancing over both screens. “How is this possible?”
“Sherlock.” John closes his eyes against another onslaught of emotion at the very idea that he can let his thoughts be so freely
I saw the second one. I was on my way back to my hotel room late one night and he was right there, right in the middle of the street in this little town on Sumatra and there was a body at his feet. Honestly, I don’t remember every detail…you know I don’t have your mind for it, Sherlock…but there I was and there he was….and then he was gone and this bird attacked me. I wound up with a small gash on my shoulder, which I got covered with ink as soon as it healed. I didn’t like the scar there, it reminds me too much of what a coward I am.”
This behavior from Sherlock always tears him in half: he wants to encourage it, yet at the same time he knows he shouldn’t. Not only is it exciting to be on the end of that intense focus, it is a bit thrilling to be so damned
Sherlock fights the urge to squirm against that gaze, not realizing it’s the same one he tends to level on other people. “John, I…”
John knows that Sherlock is going to recognize the lie before he tells it, but his mouth is like a fully laden freight train and there’s simply no stopping it now. “I’m here about her case.”
Sherlock ignores John’s question, answering with one of his own instead. “You would let me in that far?”
Instead of explain what he’s thinking, however, he merely drops his foot to the floor with a loud thud and tells John, “Let’s try something.”
Mycroft tries not to look embarrassed, but he’s so proud to see that Martin has made his own way in the world that he’s positive he’s been telling Greg more than his husband would ever want to know about their childhoods. Not that he’ll ever admit that out loud to anyone.
That catches John off guard. “What?” he asks, checking to see if Sherlock recently grew a second head; apparently not. There's so much going on in that statement, he has no idea whete to start.
John decides that he’s in for a long night so he stops at the front counter and requests a pot of coffee to be delivered to their room.
train of thought when there's an exasperated grunt from beside him, he can tell Sherlock is trying to ignore the jumping and the poking.
Greg grins at the wistful look of nostalgia gracing his husband’s features. “That’s sweet,” he chuckles.
“That’s why you are always so clean,” he grumbles, sneezing again. “I’m your lackey.” He notices that something about Sherlock’s expression is off. The detective is leaning against the wall, hands in his pockets, one leg angled so that his foot is flat against the faded old paper, and a frown on his face so severe there’s a deeply etched line at the top of his nose.
“Sir, you have to get down from there.” The female paramedic is gesturing towards the ground but Sherlock is completely ignoring her. In light of the fact that he knows he cannot be seeing a ghost, because that is preposterous, and since the wingwalker is very much alive, he figures he’s got a right to do so. Besides, John’s down there and he always…
“I’m hale, John,” Sherlock says aloud, voice cracking. The normal hum along their Link has changed its tune, from a constant mental vibration to an in and out hum-buzz-hum that reminds John of the struggles of a bird trying to break out of its eggshell.
Grant frowns a bit, not quite derailed and a bit unsure. “Anyway, there were these noises coming from the place and then, then I saw
“I got that, yes. Tell me about your first case.” John shifts on the stool then reaches out and rests his hand over Sherlock’s.
John is unaware of the tears streaming from his eyes anew; he knows nothing of his sister shuffling into his room, grasping his hands and weeping, sure that he is lost.
John whispers something else that could be ‘okay’ or ‘alright’ as he bends his head back towards Sherlock’s mouth. Two pairs of wings wrap around them as John slowly falls into Sherlock’s lap. Darkness descends around them, offering privacy for the moment.
John nods, letting all the other things he’d wished to say filter to the back of his mind. “Tell me about it?”
Naturally, that derails John’s happy train in an instant. He stares at Sherlock for a second then turns back to Victor. Beside him, Sherlock shifts a bit closer, pressing their legs together from thigh to ankle.
Alright! I’ve finished my popcorn and I’m ready to relax and read for a bit for sleeping and starting all over tomorrow. I can’t wait to see what happens when House finds Sherlock deleting the porn files on his computer! >wink wink< )
“How in the nine hells and Baskerville can you even kidnap the wrong genius not only once…but TWICE? You imbecile!” The woman continues to rail.
John’s gaze drops to where Martin sits on the floor at the end of the larger couch, his leg in its walking cast propped up on a handful of small pillows. John makes a mental note to check the pilot’s injury before he and Douglas depart tomorrow. Martin shifts backwards between Douglas’ legs and John does a mental thumbs up when he sees Douglas’ fingers bury themselves into the barely-tamed fiery mop of Martin’s curls.
Sherlock frowns at the interruption and stands up slowly, grunting when his spine pops loudly in protest from where he’s been leaning over the corpse for the past half hour. He glances towards the second stainless steel table and opens his mouth as if to answer her with the usual long, dense string of facts.
Admittedly, I was not ashamed at the way I openly looked for any trace of cocaine in Sherlock’s bedroom once we were here. Taking it in at a glance, he stepped away from me and pulled open the top drawer of his bureau to let me see into it. It was empty.
“Mmm, yes. I do believe a summary is in order, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft’s blue eyes flick from John’s face to Sherlock and back again as he steps into the room in order to deposit the shoes in one of the visitors’ chairs. “I do believe...really, John, I don’t even need to say anything, do I?”
“Well then. I need to leave. Urgent matters to attend to.” Mycroft offers to the room at large. He gives Lestrade’s shoulder another squeeze and leaves.
“Daddy!” Sophie calls out as she barrels into John’s legs. He grabs her in time to stop her from rolling down the stairs just as Greg grabs his arm to steady the both of them.
John knows his jaw drops open though he’s completely helpless to do anything but stare at the miles of smooth skin in front of him. His fingers curl into fists at his side as he restrains himself from jumping up there and licking every inch of it. Somewhere in the space still left in the back of his reptile brain, he thinks: This is It.
Sherlock rests his palms flat on the table and studies them for a few seconds. “I gather you are doing well. And Daddy?”
the tall man’s poise and elegance washes over him with the force of a supernatural tsunami. He’s never felt this way before and the very idea appalls him, though decking the posh bastard about now would probably go a long way to helping him cope with his fury. Sucker punching him certainly will not help him cope with what is causing the fury in the first place because John is unsure which thing he’s angriest about: Sherlock dying or Sherlock coming back to life.
Lying face down on a dirty tile floor, Sherlock peers through what is surely several years of built-up grime in an effort to force away some of the dizziness he’s feeling; it isn’t working, but at least pretending temporary deafness has made the Osprey leave him alone for the time being. Someone has slipped an ill-fitting pair of denim shorts over his legs, they’re too tight in the thighs and the zip is undone. The annoyance of the material is only overshadowed by the fact that his temples are throbbing from the effort he’s been making attempting to Reach John. There’s something odd going on and the more he tries, the worse his headache gets. It makes no sense.
with one another, there are some things he’s never discussed outside of those who were there. On the other hand, Sherlock trusted
They leave together and John turns to make his way to the Tube, though Sherlock redirects him towards a waiting taxi with a hand on his shoulder. He takes note of a distinct feeling of loss when that hand is taken away as he slides across the back seat to make room for Sherlock’s legs.
John thinks that surely the lunatic should be foaming at the mouth, then his eyes meet Sherlock’s seconds before he finds himself lunging forward and grabbing the madman by the neck.
He does a double-take then lets his eyes run from her brand new white leather sandals up towards the little bit of cleavage he can see to her big, brown eyes that are now filled with questions, opens his mouth and sucks in a breathe and he says…
“I am relieved to see you are not injured too terribly, John,” Mycroft says to him after the woman in the tailored suit leaves them, his expression relaxing a minuscule amount around the edges. “Sherlock needs you.” He turns away with the raising of his left eyebrow and John feels like it is in his best interest to trundle behind in his wake.
. Just because he’s idiot enough to crawl all over a plane in the air doesn’t mean that he can pilot one…”
The paramedic smirks, “Just that it’s weird we’ve had two accidents here in two days and he,” he points rudely in Sherlock’s direction, “has shown up at both of ‘em.”
The sound of the hard plastic sole of John’s left slipper scraping across the smooth concrete floor startles Sherlock from his internal reverie. He recognizes the warm buzz in the back of his mind as proof John’s opened some of his channels back up to Sherlock; once again, their Link is strained and Sherlock wants that to change. Immediately. There’s a mixture of guilt, anger and something almost desperate twisting below the surface of what John is Projecting.
“Oh, I remember reading about that! Right about the time that…” Douglas trails off, hoping he hasn’t offended his new friend.
“Don’t hurt him, please.” Ophelia whispers. Something registers in John’s mind at her words, something he can’t quite hold onto; someone else has said similar to him recently.
“Christ, John…” Sherlock breathes, his eyes now on the tip of his finger as it slips into John’s willing, waiting body.
With that, John heads to the kitchen to start their tea and await the moment when Sherlock figures out the where and the when of their newest case.
Like Raistlin protecting the little dwarves, Sherlock unfolds from his spot, whips his glasses off his face (lest Sally see them)(pun intended) and takes two steps closer to House.
Martin feels a smile break out over his face. “I know now, your name is familiar! I’m sorry, too, whenever I’ve seen Sherlock’s picture somewhere, I’ve not ever looked at it too closely…”
Martin doesn’t get to do that for too long, however, because Barkley returns to him and forcibly hauls him upward. Martin’s injured leg shakes and gives out but Barkley manages to hold him tight.
Sherlock sits at the kitchen table in his familiar hunched-over pose, fingers buried in his hair, elbows on the table and a way-too thin case file in front of him. He is glaring at it so hard that John is surprised he hasn’t set the table on fire. He looks up at John with his lips flattened and a strange glint in his green eyes John cannot name.
“Only it had blocked our temporary Link enough that I couldn’t pick up anything he was trying to tell me.”
“We found this,” Greg says as he holds up a piece of paper. On it are more torn letters, and this one says:
When Sherlock stops, the man is hunched down over himself and has begun to cry. Sherlock turns towards John, wide-eyed.
John rolls over and peers at the clock on the bedside table through bleary eyes: 9:00 AM. He reaches out with his right hand and feels the still-warm space next to him where Sherlock had been a little while ago. A pleasant memory of an evening spent reminiscing and hearing stories of his partner’s younger years springs to his mind. He grunts sleepily and considers turning back over and catching a bit more shut-eye.
Sherlock meets John’s eyes over Douglas’ shoulder and John nods. “Sherlock, we need to go. Mrs. Hudson’s had Sophie all day.”
John wishes he’d worn a cardigan just so he could give it to the poor man. Of course, it is entirely too warm at this time of year for that. He frowns and looks up to his husband, who has (oddly) remained quiet. Sherlock’s nibbling the nail on his index finger, green eyes aglow as he intently peers at the shivering newcomer.
“I saw you, in the forest. You were injured, obviously near your parents’ home.” When he feels John shake his head a little, Sherlock corrects himself. “Grandparents’, then. Toby stayed with you through your injury and your subsequent healing. I gather it wasn’t all butterflies and posies.” He takes a second to indicate his face.
John has no memory of pushing up on his hands and dragging himself forward, until he is beside the Lynx, then, with growing horror, the comprehension that there is
Sherlock stretches his legs out, bare feet skidding gently over the Persian rug in his sitting room. He’s slouched down in his chair, elbows on the arms of it, fingers studiously steepled beneath his chin. Now dressed in a worn pair of track bottoms and an old baby blue t-shirt, he is the very picture of an irritated genius. According to the words Ophelia has been droning under her breath for the past half hour anyway.
The surrounding darkness is punctuated by stately electric lights that catch in the eyes of those Weres and Shifters gathered here tonight. The Owl dismisses the others from the meeting and glares down hard at the Cat only barely hidden at the edge of the clearing. Some of the others spare the feline a nod as they pass, most simply mind their own business.
John lets out the air he’s been holding in his lungs that’s beginning to burn. His eyes track Sherlock’s jerky, graceless movements as the detective first picks up the skull on the mantle then runs his palm along the tops of his books.
From the doorway, three men whistle. John contemplates finding the security cameras and emailing himself and Mycroft a copy of that fight. Wilson contemplates selling hotdogs and popcorn and wonders how many people they could sell tickets to so they might view such a spectacular sights.
“What the hell does that mean?” Lestrade asks at the same time that Thirteen pokes her head into the room, looks around the room and wonders aloud, “Where the hell is House?”
“Aye, we did,” Kevin states, setting two plates on the table with an amused expression. “ ‘bout nineteen seventy-nine we did, anyway.”
As he negotiates the roads which are practically empty at this late hour going out of the city, Sherlock watches Ophelia fidget in the passenger seat. She keeps switching from gnawing on her already short fingernails to picking at the hems of her denim shorts. She’s wearing her favorite blue and white striped blouse and for a moment he finds himself wondering if he should get her a light jacket for the unpredictable British spring weather.
So far, John has been impressed that Sherlock is controlling his temper. A quick thought of maybe getting out of here crosses his mind, but it’s already three seconds too late.
He queries, doing his best to answer everything she didn’t say and leaving it somewhat ambiguous on the off chance he’s wrong.
“Go away, Mycroft,” Sherlock growls, not turning his head or making any move to get up off the floor. He never questions how quickly Mycroft gets to him wherever he may be, simply takes his brother’s presence for granted, even now as he detests it.
Martin squeaks as Greg’s eyebrows fly up to his hairline and John just about dumps his beverage in his lap, he’s laughing so hard.
“Whatever,” Sherlock waves a hand in the air between them. “If this is what I think it is, John, someone will obviously be missing.”
John is quiet as they stop at a drinks stand then wend their way through the rows of tables to the one reserved for their party.
John wants to tell their client that whimpering will get you nowhere with the detective, but the man barrels ahead.
Ophelia’s screams are oddly muffled in a way that is making John think his ears must have been plugged with cotton while he slept. Frowning, he turns to Sherlock who is openly, unabashedly staring right back at him with wide eyes, his beautiful mouth partially open. John stares, too, for five seconds, watching him release a breath he’s been holding. As the air passes through those heart-shaped lips, the vapor is thick like fog, yet John finds out that he can clearly make out his own name, as muted as it is.
important his partner forgot to tell him about his life. After half an hour, he decides that being angry is useless because he knows from experience that Sherlock will simply use John’s anger as a way to deflect any questions. In his mind, he’s comparing pictures of Mycroft, Sherlock and this wingwalker and he is astounded that Mrs. Hudson saw it from that distance today. He can’t wait to tell her…unless, of course, she already knows.
“They’d been haunting our house since my first case two years previous. I made the mistake of calling in an exorcist, who only made everything worse. Granted, he managed to force out the twisted spirits of two children responsible for their parents’ and their own deaths, but in doing so he also gave them free will.” Sherlock finally stops speaking and drops his hands to his sides. His expression is one of a man who has just been gutted with a butter knife when he turns to face John fully.
Molly rolls her eyes and takes her hands out of her lab coat pockets then steps into the workspace to begin the nightly ritual of cleaning up. The tall stool set off to the side of the room gives her pause. She decides that with Sherlock there’s always some explanation for whatever he deems necessary when investigating a crime as she slides it back into its place. Maybe tomorrow she’ll ask him about it if there’s time. For tonight, it’s late and she really needs to get home and feed Toby.
Sherlock nods and starts to put his arm around John’s shoulders before dropping his hands in his lap, huffing out an irritated sigh. All these damned unspoken rules.
Sherlock doesn’t leave his bedroom for three days after that. Part of his mind senses Ophelia flitting about the house, doing whatever it is that she does but mostly she seems aware of his desire and leaves him well enough alone.
above anything else—he never for once considers that John would make a mistake where it counts: just like at the pool. There was very little hesitation when John gave the order to shoot, no thinking it over, no worrying the edges of the command to take out a dangerous adversary until it separated at the seams…nothing.
“That. You did it again,” Sherlock’s wearing the expression he wears when he’s come across something that stymies even him.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, only holds John’s gaze right there, balanced on the palms of his hands, their bodies pressed together from the waist downward and John
John sighs, uncrosses his arms and thinks it feels like they’ve already been here for days when it’s really only been about an hour. Of course, Sherlock is sulking. John refuses to say
“Okay, John.” Mike agrees, his eyes flicking up to Sherlock. “I’ve got to get back to my class, I promised Molly I’d stop back by. If you need anything, don’t hesitate to come up.”
The Osprey’s eyes are cold and calculating, black pupils tiny in their golden irises. John sees Sherlock duck to avoid the bird’s deadly claws, then his worry shifts to its incredibly jackknife-like beak as the bird’s head darts back and forth, aiming for the Cat’s eyes.
Sherlock finally stops stroking but does not remove his hand. He turns his face to John’s and John pulls back enough to look him in the eyes. Very gently he runs his palm over the back of Sherlock’s head, barely touching his hair, yet it is enough that Sherlock exhales loudly and shudders against the almost-not-there sensation.
“Aw, Sherlock, this one sounds interesting.” Ophelia tries before very carefully reaching out to touch the back of Mycroft’s right hand where it is resting on his thigh. It is a long-standing tradition between the three of them to test both how far Ophelia can go and how much Mycroft can sense.
The job finished, I step back and admire my work. Not too terrible, really, since I’m a novice at this baking business…well, at cooking at all. I am pretty proud of myself, though, I can actually cook real meals now, stuff that’s more nutritious than scrambled eggs and beans-on-toast. My back twinges a little so I grab a chair from the tiny table she’s got in here and sit down. That’s much better.
them. Granted, he loves Mrs. Hudson like a second Mum, loves his Mum, and has grown very fond of a certain pathologist back in London…but he never goes out of his way to insult them just because they don’t have…erm…the same
Sherlock grasps John’s hips, effectively using the leverage in order to impale him with every thrust. John’s eyes are closed, his head is tilted back and his legs are shaking. He’s got hold of his own cock now, stroking himself firmly.
“Why not, you already know how to crash!” Arthur jokes. His girlfriend must be coming out of the loo because he disappears as fast as he appeared.
In between the laughter, the snogging and the dancing, however, there’s a sound that quite a few of them catch before it’s too late. A low rumble like an earthquake.
“I think I can do that,” Victor states, watching the incredible sight before him. He’s fairly certain John’s either going to eat or kiss Sherlock and he’s slightly less mortified to find that neither option surprises him as much as he really wants to stick around and find out if he’s right. After a moment where no one says much of anything out loud, Victor unzips his jeans.
“Look,” Sherlock nods towards the floor. A layer of dust covers the wood, though it has been stirred up by footprints.
Sherlock says nothing, not agreeing or disagreeing in any manner, trying to remain inscrutable though inside he’s actually impressed.
It is then that John finds himself beginning the comparisons between Sherlock and Toby and realizes that his heart has already made a decision on the question his brain has been asking since he pulled the trigger and sent a bullet through two sets of windows.
“You lazy bugger, you know you could make that jump easily,” John admonishes fondly as he leans down to bring the Cat into his lap after setting his cup down on the coffee table.
John recognizes then that the shifter in his arms is shivering. He makes for the spot on the pavement where they started and bends down to retrieve the pile of hunter green shirt, black trousers with the belt still in them, socks, pants and Sherlock’s coat. After he wraps the Cat in the coat and manages to shove the pile of Sherlock’s clothes under his arm, he heads back out to the main road and hails a taxi, thinking only of getting Sherlock home where he can check him over.
Martin is beyond words at this point, the pain from his leg is shooting burning tendrils up into his back. He merely nods and doesn’t fight it as Barkley drags him down the hangar and out the back door like a sack of potatoes. Every single step taken the bulky security guard only serves to jar his leg. By the time they reach yet another hangar, Martin is almost relieved to be set down. Only for a second, though, then he finds himself hauled upward again and unceremoniously dropped into a seat.
“If it helps, I can have copies uploaded to you by this evening,” Molly offers to Sherlock’s retreating form.
With that, John laughs and discovers that so much of what he’s been concerned about has been largely needless. Sherlock chuckles, too and John thinks that somehow, things can go back to their brand of normality.
“They found him this morning. Over the vent in front of the Chemist’s—he had on both of his coats and gloves, boots, too, John, the ones like your old ones…he was in a chair. I don’t know where that came from. Curled up around Nova…” I choke against another sob, but this has to come out. What is wrong with me that I can’t even talk?
“Was waiting on you, great git,” John mutters as he’s pulled to his feet. He pats Sherlock’s hand and pulls out of his grip to amble towards the loo.
“There’s two of them, probably a brother. Most likely a twin,” Sherlock announces apropos of nothing as Sherrinford pulls a dainty tool from the pocket of his jeans.
He peeks through the single window only to see the back of a stranger’s head. Possibly male, if the closely-cropped head of brown hair is any indication. So that means he’s got a guard dog then. What the hell? In the instant before his rage can resurface, the mobile still in his hand vibrates in it’s entirely too cheerful way that a text message has come in. He wishes he could be more surprised when he sees who it’s from.
“The boy’s name is Geordie, John,” Sherlock mutters to himself as he wills the lights in the elevator to light up
“I don’t understand why you keep calling me by that preposterous name. The little girl on the aeroplane was just…” Sherlock begins as all the eyes in the room turn towards him.
Ignoring everything, Sherlock drops to his knees and slowly reads the evidence he knows is there, then again to be sure.
John scowls and walks away. The next thing Sherlock knows is that he has a lapful of coat and shoes, a pair of white tube socks stuffed down into them.
“Oh, child, I’m so sorry,” Mrs. Hudson coos at me, tucking my face against her shoulder. Nova gives a little yelp when we accidentally squeeze her between us so I pull back a little and put the pup on the floor. She doesn’t go far, just next to my feet, whining up at me a bit as if unsure what’s happening.
from her coming down their Link. Her body shivers, all the colors in the world beginning to fade, then she lies there beneath him, naked, small and gone from this world. John holds her close, fighting memories of other deaths, other times he was useless and weeps as everything he is shatters into billions of pieces like carnival glass dashed against pavement. He's powerless, useless and utterly broken.
A flash of insight so bright it threatens to burst out of him forces Sherlock to his feet. It seems as if John may be useless when it comes to seeing spirits, but the man certainly has courage by the ton.
“Thank you,” John says, hoping to convey the meaning of the word for more than just dinner as Sherlock heads down the steps, leaving the door open behind him. Their Link is less strained now, as well. He takes that as a positive sign.
Sherlock stays on her heels so as not to lose sight of her in the room suddenly densely populated with figures. She sits down in a white chair next to a small round table and Sherlock takes the other one. Mummy snaps her fingers. Before she’s finished the motion, however, she seems to have conjured up a small pot of tea and two cups.
Wilson snorts. John suppresses a giggle. Sherlock spins around on the spot as if he has just realized what’s happening. He chooses to ignore it all, however, because there is a very tall bookcase packed with medical tomes behind Wilson. Sherlock reaches up and grabs about ten of them in one of his big paws…
Wilson, Sally and House’s heads all move from Greg to Mycroft then to Sherlock and John. It is pretty obvious even to people who
Sherlock’s arms roam down his back, long fingers pulling at the hem of his shirt. Victor leans forward, allowing Sherlock the space to pull it off of him. Sherlock immediately latches onto Victor’s neck.
For a few moments, the three men watch Christopher as he hugs his sister and plants himself at her side, looking back at them quickly as if daring them to try and move him. When nothing of the sort is offered, he gently takes her fingers in his own and murmurs to her in Russian.
Gah! These men. Do they really think she’s as fragile as all that? She was married to a serial killer and rents a flat to
“How?” John is openly staring now; he shakes his head against the onslaught of information, replaying what he had gleaned from their physical contact while still out cold.
Ophelia laughs, her voice a joyous bell-like melody that lightens John’s heart. She follows John’s eyes with her own, watching closely as he scrutinizes her brother from head to feet and back again. Mary Beth, still seated on the table, giggles and makes a wet sound with her tongue. Janey pulls her down and into her lap in order to cuddle the baby in her arms. James doesn’t move except for his brown eyes that are so dark they’re almost black. The boy tightens his lips and a clever, intuitive expression passes over his features.
“Greg?” John asks, staring at Sherlock the way Mrs. Hudson is sure a hawk stares down a mouse. If this were any other situation, it might actually prove to be a bit humorous.
John nods his answer to the affirmative and steps up onto the creaky wooden threshold. Once inside, he allows the creature comforts and the quaint atmosphere to relax his mind. Surely he will see the ghosts again, and he’ll finally be able to do the job he’s been hired to do.
“Are you sure?” John queries and almost seems to melt against Sherlock when he answers in the affirmative.
Eventually, he wanders out of the room. Only two people notice and one of them is Sally. Wilson notices Sally noticing and Sally gives him a wicked grin.
John holds out his hand and Sally gingerly puts hers into it. He carefully pokes at her knuckles then smiles. “Wow, that must be some kind of record. You’ve never even actually decked
They follow a rather long hallway until it opens up into a cavernous room. There are lights hanging from the metal rafters; hoses and electric wires go in every direction like some weird techno spider web. In the center of the chaos is a giant aircraft, similar to one of the experimental planes in Sophie’s book. Its glossy black paint reflects the lights above it.
“Actually, you know what, it doesn’t even matter!” John’s temper finally breaks. “You were there and because you were there, you saw…things…and I wasn’t ready…it won’t make any sense…”
Sherlock is stretched out the opposite direction on the cushions below her, one forearm draped dramatically over his eyes and the other resting languidly over the violin lying on his chest. With his hair a messy halo around his head, he looks for all the world as if he were sculpted there and has no intention of moving for the next fifteen years or so.
“Yeah? Well, get in line. I get ‘im first,” the giant grumbles as he yanks the back door off its hinges with one hand.
and his curiosity of the subject is burning him up. In fact, she dug through the Holmes library and gifted to him the very thick tome he’s got open across his lap at the moment, a handwritten treatise of everything the Holmes family knows about the physical, mental and even some theories on the metaphysical phenomenon that partially involves humans possessing the capabilities to Shift into animals at least part of the time. Once he decided that shifting to a plain old housecat could have its moments and didn’t mean he was lesser to any of his family in any way, he jumped right into the information feet first.
Sherlock takes one last lick and stands up, hiding the evidence and instantly dropping the sexy minx persona. John clenches his jaw and breathes through his nose just as a young mother with three tots in tow passes him, all three children looking right at Sherlock. He smiles at them, all honey and light.
John wonders if the man knows what those long, dark eyelashes and eyes the color of fine jade are doing to him. And that mouth. God.
John wipes his mouth with a paper napkin from the stack on the table as he drops his arm over Toby’s shoulders. He hauls her in close and they kiss 'hello' warmly. Several lunkheads from around the room cheer while several more make obscene sounds, but it’s all in good fun. John flips them all off anyway and everyone has a laugh.
“Sherlock, Mycroft will be here in a moment.” Ophelia warns her brother from her favorite perch atop the back of the sofa. All she receives in reply to her effort, however, is a pointedly unsatisfying grunt.
John tries to convince his traitorous psyche that this situation is nothing like the one with Toby. He can easily see how it could be his fault, though, when he hesitated back at the abandoned office building---and in that one fraction of a second, the big shape shifter was able to get his hands, no talons, right on the Cat. His cat.
Sherlock’s eyes widen for a fraction of a second at Mycroft’s words. He hisses and for a moment Mycroft can clearly See the Cat. Mycroft shakes his head.
They all shut up. Wilson shrugs. Thirteen growls between clenched teeth and spins on her heel to head in the opposite direction House was travelling in a little while ago.
“Well, I’m here now. Go on.” Sherlock states quietly as he gives John a gentle push by spreading his fingers over the small of John’s back.
Strange images begin to fall away as John’s consciousness picks out the presence next to him: a pair of thin, round-framed glasses with an odd pattern of digital numbers imprinted on the lenses rest next to a shiny bronze statue of a young naked boy riding an ostrich and brandishing a spear. None of this makes any sense.
Grant finally notices John looking at his socks and tries to pull his trouser legs down further, which fails epically, mainly because he’s forgotten he still holds a cup of tea in his hand. Which is now in his lap.
rumbles in his groin. Even so, he doesn't want to move too fast. “Douglas, that’s a little fast for me. Can I see you again?”
“Carolyn, will you please come off it?” Douglas huffs, exasperated. He drops his chin into his hand and stares at his boss.
Sherlock nods again, unfolds himself, drops his clothes and in the blink of an eye he’s in his feline form leaping from the floor onto John’s lap. He settles quickly and begins to purr as John strokes his back.
Captain steps in closer to the man who is gazing about the morgue with wide eyes and raises his hands as if to touch him. The man, who is almost eye to eye with the Captain flinches and drags his hands through his hair. The brown curls are damp with sweat and tight against his scalp.
John follows him over the threshold of the door and down a generic institutional-standard grade corridor, complete with doctors rushing past and looking busy (they’re all extras) and horrible lighting that practically makes poor Be—I mean Sherlock—almost invisible.
Knowing full well Sherlock had to have been thinking about, or dreaming about…or in some psychic memory land where John cannot follow, well,
John stands carefully, his knees popping with the strain. Sherlock is already standing beside him, hands up. Their eyes lock and hold as the policeman they know as Sergeant Barkley slaps a set of cuffs on both of them.
“Sherlock!” John calls out at the retreating figure ahead of him, his voice echoing down the sterile corridor. Sherlock’s restless energy is growing by leaps and bounds; John feels like he needs to offer his help.
Which sends Sophie into copycat mode. Martin is sure he is going to lose his mind, now laughing behind his hands but trying to stop because it is making his head throb all over again. He rests his forehead on his arms and when he looks up again, his eyes are streaming.
Victor sighs and drops heavily on the bed next to Sherlock. He reaches out and rests his palm on Sherlock’s shin. Sherlock chuckles and bends forward, resting his hand atop Victor’s. He’s gained some height in the past year and now he barely has to tilt his head up to get to Victor’s lips. They kiss slowly, but Sherlock pulls back when Victor’s hand begins to wander.
Of course, all I could think of was: oh shit, how did he get my name? I should have realized then that after doing this little job for him twice that he’d already know everything about me at a single glance, but I didn’t really know
Martin is quiet for a moment. “No, not really. Mycroft is some sort of diplomat, he’s married to a DI of Scotland Yard, which I just found out, by the way.”
Sherlock sees the exact moment John catches up and rests his hand on John’s that hasn’t moved from his knee. “Go on.”
“…counting on there being four of us!” Martin finishes for him. His stunned expression shows he wasn’t counting on being heard this time.
Sherlock tenses then realizes everything that has happened so far exceeded his expectations. He nods wordlessly in agreement.
John’s tumultuous thoughts are brought to a halt when Sherlock suddenly goes very, very still and very, very quiet. His green eyes are almost black, his expression slack but filled with a fear unlike anything John recognizes. His normally pale skin is the cyan pallor of death in the faint light from outside the window yet one single drop of sweat makes its way from his hairline, down the side of his face and John can’t stand it another second, he reaches out and catches it on the tip of his index finger.
All in all, it takes the two of them fifteen minutes to check out the entire house, only to find that it is very empty. No furniture at all, even in the attic, which seems to have not seen any activity in so long that the dust bunnies are working on their fiftieth generation. John lowers the trap door slowly, sneezing as he drops back to the hallway floor. He wipes his palms on his jeans and knocks the dust off his shoulders.
Kevin snorts. Ruthie giggles, “Oh ho! I thought as much. I could tell, Doctor Watson, the second I laid my eyes on you two…” she trails off, still laughing.
“Surely, John, you are aware of what human young look like, yes?” Sherlock raises an eyebrow and the top corner of his top lip to both give off his annoyance yet make jest of it all the same.
By the light of two more bare bulbs on opposite ends from where they stand, John stares around the room, clearly taking in how the back wall is missing, though there is most of another canvas tarp covering it. It crinkles and groans as a slight breeze from outside presses against it.
Sometimes they are too heavy a load to bear. He’s not proud of the fact that he turns to illicit substances to help him over the rough patches, quite the opposite. Sherlock detests the choices that he made in his twenty nine years of life that led him to where he is now.
“Which Holmes?” He asks, ignored when Barkley talks over him. For some reason, that little detail seems important at the moment.
“It’s the only way you would have known I was in town. Did she come to you looking for me?” Victor starts again as if the conversation were simply on pause, his expression nervous.
“Martin, will you be okay with Mrs. Hudson and Sophie for a while?” John ignores Sherlock for the moment.
“What?” John asks as his train of thought completely derails. “No, I….actually, I guess I did. There were three. Janey, James and a baby named Mary Beth.”
Martin kisses him softly, tentatively, questioningly. He pulls back but doesn’t move very far away. Douglas leaves his hand where it is, letting his index finger caress those ginger ringlets. As much as he wants to kiss Martin again, he thinks to himself that it may be best if they take it slowly. When the second kiss comes, Martin smiles into it, growing bolder with every passing second, one hand now on Douglas’ chest.
Martin has not asked about Mycroft again, but John runs out of time to ponder this because in true Sophie style, she barrels through the door as soon as Mrs. Hudson unlocks it and makes a bee-line for her father, wet bright pink swim suit and all.
“No, Martin that is not why I asked you to lunch. To be honest, I hadn’t even been aware that our lustrous pilot, Berk-u-lees, is planning on leaving us until this very moment.”
“She was more a mum to me than Victoria, I was so young when she passed. I remember her a little; mostly I remember Wendy as a vibrant woman who loved gardening. Both Sherlock and Martin had these fluffy heads of hair when they were little—they’d play among the flowers and the shrubbery for hours…” Mycroft reminisces.
John Asks, opening his channels and Seeking. When nothing is forthcoming, he takes one more step forward and then jumps backward when another sound erupts, motioning with one hand for the Cat to stay put.
It’s that same familiar smoke wafting through his unconsciousness that brings him ‘round. But he’s not really in the moment; he’s certainly somewhere, and he’s upright…mostly…yet the whole scene is playing out around him once more.
Everything started spinning and the next thing I knew, I was leaning forward and blubbering against him. He moved me and I found myself in the arms of someone a bit smaller but certainly broader across the chest. I couldn’t stop crying and I felt like such a baby but there was just this…this
So, sometimes, if John lets his favorite mad scientist mutter to himself as he goes about his day (whether experimenting in the kitchen or snuffling against John’s neck when they are...)
What is this that is happening to him? He’s torn in two now, recognizing the duality in himself that he’s just witnessed firsthand in the ex-army doctor: the helper and the fighter clearly standing out in the darkness with the brightness of a thousand suns. The mostly-buried helper part wants to show John his hidden secret; the fighter part, the passionate side of him, it wants to take a chance and step closer, bodies pressed hotly against one another--push the doctor against the wall and force him to really
Sherrinford picks the lock with a professional ease Sherlock envies; mostly because his eldest brother did it in half the time it would have taken
“While that may be true, Doctor House, you have been hired to help with finding him. That, at least, should appeal to what little bit of decent nature you still are assumed to possess.” Stottlemeyer leans against the doorjamb, his expression as cold as fried chicken left outside in minus three degree weather in Siberia.
“Idiots! You are all just like Anderson—could not even tell she was a woman until you had her starkers! If that alone doesn’t explain things to me, then I cannot imagine what else would do…”
The girl’s words give him pause. He wipes his hand over his mouth and regards the two of them. “What?”
“I am wondering, perhaps, later, if you have some time, if you’d like to have lunch with me? I’m going to be grounded for the next day or so and I’m not from around here…” Douglas asks, too scared not to get it out in the open right from the get-go.
Sherlock frowns at the odd tone. For an instant there, he would almost swear it sounded like wistfulness. A deeply buried memory accosts him in full force: a much younger version of himself trying desperately to see through their late uncle’s closed casket. The memory of saying words that weren’t his own is as vivid now as it was when it happened, apparently important secrets their uncle needed to tell his wife and wondering why he could hear but not see the dead man. Sherlock couldn’t understand anything that was happening to him. Mummy and Mycroft had both looked at him in shock, but while Mummy’s expression quickly changed to fear, Mycroft’s teenaged self seemed much more understanding. He can still feel the pressure of his brother’s palm on his shoulder even as the memory grows hazy and fades back into the ether where it belongs.
Sherlock agrees, more than a little proud at the connection John’s made. “Victor’s aunt. He stays with her when he’s home on leave.”
, there haven’t been many secrets between them. Truly, he never really asked any straightforward questions about Sherlock’s family…and wasn’t that just the rub, right there? Very few times in their friendship did Sherlock ever really evade a direction question. John never really asked.
“Yeah, it’s fine, though. It’s not like we are all estranged because we dislike one another, we’re just very different people with very different lives. I have two older step-siblings, as well, from Mum’s second marriage. The same can pretty much be said for them.”
John chuckles weakly next to him. Sherlock continues to stare. Molly refuses to say any more on the subject and points at her desk.
The beautiful day settles around them as they take in a stunt flier who is piloting a bright orange plane. Martin does a bit of narration, explaining to them what the pilot is looking for, how she’s feeling the plane’s reactions through the stick; little things that seem to impress the others.
Sherlock pulls three or four (you happy now?) books off the shelf and drops to the floor. In an instant, he’s got one open over his crossed legs. Now all John can see from his end of the table is a crazy mass of black curls and that single little patch of silver that he has completely
Now with a younger sibling in the mix, John is starting to get a fuller picture of the parts of Sherlock’s life he’s never been quite able to imagine. This Sherlock is most certainly a calmer version of the one before.
“Molly, I’ll leave you to complete the preliminary investigations…” Sherlock is saying as he makes to push past her towards the door, clutching the brown file folder.
“Because she wants the best.” Mycroft voices bluntly before exiting the room as quickly as he entered it.
Meanwhile, Lestrade is being introduced and offered coffee. He is soon slumped in one of the other chairs, legs stretched out in front of him and looking every bit the exhausted copper.
Before he can blink or even ask what Sherlock’s doing, he’s wrapped his lips around Victor and is sucking him hard. But Sherlock, even clumsy with inexperience, putting all of his concentration behind it, makes the experience so intense that all Victor can do is hold on and enjoy the ride.
After a moment, John wakes enough to answer, eyes blinking as they adjust in the dimness of the sitting room. “Mmmm…what? Sherlock?”
Sherlock regards him for a few heartbeats, letting one hand rest on John’s knee. “Christopher’s foster family is willing to take in his sister to keep them together, but only on the condition that he stays out of trouble with the law.”
For a moment, the Cat studies the Owl. It seems that he is as disinclined to answer as ever. Mycroft hisses lightly.
“How could I what, Mycroft? I have to admit to being slightly disappointed when your invitations to every-fucking-thing stopped coming to my house.” Sherrinford pauses dramatically. “I had to go out and actually buy a dart board to use for practice after that.”
Grant’s mouth turns downward almost comically, but the man looks quite crushed, feeling the dismissal coming on. He shakes his head. “It isn’t just the money, Mr. Holmes, you understand. It’s just that I
The Owl spreads his wings wide and makes to launch himself skyward. Sherlock makes an odd noise that to a human would sound much like a cross between an annoyed hiss and a kittenish mew; he doesn’t use it often, and as such, it is a real reaction, not one of his cleverly crafted fake ones.
Martin eyes sweep about the room, taking everyone in and doing his best to focus on the rise and fall of the tempo of the conversation surrounding him like a comfortable old blanket. He smiles to himself, knowing full well he looks like a silly love struck fool to his brothers. There’s a quick tug on the back of his head; Martin knows Douglas has carded his fingers through the curls there so he scoots back even closer to the sofa.
? He closes his eyes and says, “I’ve seen what you think you hide from me. You took the job Mike offered because you wanted something different, you were mentally and physically exhausted when you came home.”
“Greg, besides the static displays, are there any other buildings where we could take a peek for a bit?” He tilts his head in Sherlock’s direction.
Kevin shrugs and Ruthie answers. “He seems like the sort who would question whether the genie in the bottle was real rather than just making a wish and getting on with it.”
Sherlock points at the ball of wires behind the door and the two tall men can clearly make out a tiny LED clock face flashing bright red numbers:
Where was I? Oh, John and Sherlock met us at the hospital, apparently John’s on staff there, and he asked me point blank if I’d reported what happened to me and then asked if I
A loud bang on the door causes Martin to jump and sit up quickly against the sofa back. Sophie scrambles along with him and sits down between his thighs as he pulls the blanket up to his neck. A couple of minutes later, Sherlock saunters in and Martin has a front-row seat to the life that his brother leads.
John shakes his head. “Not yet,” he states as he reaches into his jacket for the specially crafted glasses Mike gave him. He slides them onto his face and the entire room changes. Ignoring Dale’s questioning exclamation when John inhales sharply, John takes another look at the scene.
“So you’re gonna’ tell me you had no idea your brothers would be here? Especially since it seems one of them flies planes and the other one builds them?”
“Good then. Let’s move on for a little while. How can we get rid of these devious phantoms once and for all?” John queries, taking one of his hands back to raise his cup to his lips. Both Sherlock and Ophelia look stunned and John can’t help the chuckle that escapes him.
“Besides, I hear our baby-baby brother is in town, too. You could have at least invited me to the family reunion.”
John hears a gasp, but since there’s no way it came from him, he’s choosing to ignore it, instead focusing on that all-too-familiar Voice in his head. They continue to stare at each other, the familiar surroundings fading away to white noise. A siren sounds from down the street somewhere, a slash of blue and white lights cut through the flat.
It strikes John strongly that instead of looking into a flat, he is seeing a road that splits into three: three choices that could have been made.
Instead of speaking, Sherlock tilts his head down towards John a little and very slowly blinks his eyes.
John stands in the cavernous warehouse slash hangar, surrounded by a mishmash of wires and airplane parts and realizes that he is completely mesmerized; so much so, in fact, that it never occurs to him to be upset over yet another big surprise development. His head swivels so that he takes in Sherlock, Sherrinford, and the aircraft between them that looks like something out of a Sci-Fi film. Sherrinford moves to the back of the room and flips on the house lights so that now John can clearly see the stenciled logo on the craft, white lettering against the shiny black metal skin--Holmes Manufacturing, topped with a little icon of what could be a box with horns or a house with two chimneys, depending on how one looks at it.
Without warning, the detective goes still as they approach their front door; John confirms via the Link that something is off. Sherlock holds up one hand, then points towards the threshold where the door has been left open ever so slightly.
Even in his mind it sounds like a plea. He stares into Sherlock’s eyes, noting the wariness there and hating himself just a little for it.
John nods, satisfied with that answer for now. There’s more pressing things to attend to, however. “Tell me about your first case. You’d already figured out what was happening inside your mind, yes?”
Sherlock drags a skiff through a hazy river of memories, desperately seeking something he can say to that. When he alights on it, he asks “Do you want to tell me about them?”
John’s nightmare splinters; he only wakes partially on a shout to discover that there is a weight pressing down on him from above; he can’t place where he is or what it is and everything is muffled and he’s blind. The heavy touch is too much; John growls and tries to smash at whatever it is with his shoulders. What is this? Is he under a deuce-and-a-half? Has he gone deaf from the gunfire? He can’t catch his breath. When his captor proves unyielding, he fights to get one hand free and swings instinctively until he makes some sort of contact.
John is finally able to break the spell by turning his head in her direction. Out of the corner of his eye he catches a faint movement, like heat dissipating in the air as Janey, James, and Mary Beth disappear. At one time in his life that may have surprised him, but that is no longer the case. There is just too much happening right here right now to try and make sense of it all.
two, but we have a kidnapped Monk to find! Let’s see if we can get this thing organized. (I think they all get bored when I take a break.)
“Yes, he always does that,” John offers a cup of the magic brew to Douglas, who takes it with a thanks.
Without any warning, she puffs out her cheeks and drops face-first into the water. John jumps and grabs for her, but Sherlock stops him with a broad hand splayed over his chest. Before John can go into full-out panic mode for the second time that day, Sophie whips back up out of the water. She turns a proud expression up to her Papa, but when she sees John’s tense face, her smile falters and she gently grabs his arm.
John shivers against Sherlock’s rumbly Mind Voice, opens his mouth to warn him once more but his orgasm hits him fast. “Gah,” he grits out as Sherlock starts to slide back to the floor but John is having none of it, so he hauls him back up into the chair and takes possession of his mouth. When they part once more, John caresses the side of Sherlock’s face, “Your hands are incredible.”
They’ve started back towards the door when Sherlock grips John’s shoulder and holds his finger to his lips. John frowns, knowing well enough not to say anything-not yet. Sherlock raises both hands towards the ceiling and tilts his head towards John. He’s wearing a curious expression that tells John all he needs to know: the detective heard movement above them.
Lestrade grabs John around the waist, preventing him from hitting the floor. There’s blood all over the bottom half of his face, and after a cursory glance, Greg’s pretty sure it’s broken. He saw the Osprey with the Cat, but he was too far away to make any attempt at a rescue. Right now, though, John Watson is out cold with a bloody face and just who the hell is this insane terrier?
Sherlock doesn’t think Mycroft sounds nearly irritated enough. “Not interested!” he shouts much louder than is absolutely necessary. The barking at the back of the house starts up in earnest, though he soon hears Ophelia taking care of that particular problem. Eagerly, he awaits the sound of Mycroft’s retreating footsteps so he can return to being busy doing not much of anything and pretending to not wonder what John Watson is up to right now. By some mistake on his part, they haven’t seen each other in almost a week. Why did the spirit world decide to become dormant
“How many times do I have to tell you I am not interested in James or Janey, Mycroft? I had those Americans, Whichever you call its from North Carolina or West Carolina or one of those states. There’s fifty of them, choose one.”
It’s a knife that cuts both ways, all this talk about ‘trust.’ In order to trust, John feels like he needs to be trustworthy in the first place. Why would someone like Sherlock, independent, self-reliant and confident—why would someone like
“Sherlock, there is no such place as West Carolina.” Mycroft raises his left eyebrow a fraction of an inch.
John just looks confused for a moment before he catches up with the entire weird exchange. “Sherlock, your brother isn’t a Vampire. Mycroft, I’ve got to get some rest. When you are done, will you make sure Sherlock at least makes an attempt to head in the direction of his bed? Thank you, gentlemen, and good night.”
“According to my information, Anya hasn’t spoken to anyone since the day she was kidnapped.” Sherlock adds, his expression turned inward.
John stares at Sherlock until his partner lifts his head from his contemplation and offers John a small smile that’s really not much more than a simple twitch of his lips. The hangar is rather crowded now, and Sherrinford is explaining to a uniformed woman about how they discovered the bomb in his plane.
Somehow between the nausea, a telephone call to his employer, and a staff doctor flitting in and out of the little room, Sherlock remains with his back against the wall, an elegant, unmoving sentinel. After what seems like hours, but is only about forty-five minutes according to the clock, he finds himself alone with his brother for the first time in almost twenty years.
“Is that way I am, then?” She clutches at the little Stealth model that is sitting beside her plate.
“John, I do believe that my brothers and Mrs. Hudson are well aware of our particular set of activities when we are alone.” Sherlock grins roguishly and drops his shirt as if daring John to say anything.
John ignores him. Mrs. Hudson thinks that she and Sophie are going to go hang out at the pool, apparently Greg is going with them.
Annyyyywayyy…..(One of voices in author’s head clears its voice. The other fifteen or so finally get back to listening.)
“Without a doubt.” Douglas says, mostly to himself because she’s out of hearing range. He looks around and wonders if he’s made the right decision. It feels
John tries to speak but there’s no longer enough air in the universe. What he really wants to do is crawl back in that bed and find a thousand ways to make Sherlock shout his name. “We…we really need to talk about this, Sherlock…” John stammers, doing his level best to be the responsible one.
Sherlock asked me two questions that day; he asked me if I’d been taking care of myself and then he said, “Where did it happen?”
John hasn’t quite perfected the eye-roll but he’s sure trying. He decides that not moving is probably his best bet, so he stays there, his knees slightly bent and his brain double- and triple-checking that he remembered his gun.
For his turn, John also takes a moment to compose himself. There is a distinct feeling of being on a crossroads here, but he’s also got the impression that it is necessary in order for anything between them to move forward. Whatever it is that Sherlock needs to show him, it must be pretty serious and it is obvious taking an emotional toll on the psychic to do it. John is not going to back out on him now.
“We did,” John agrees, staring at Anya’s pale features and thin body made even smaller by the heavy blanket draped over her. He sniffs and raises his head up a little.
Behind John is the sound of feet slapping against the tile and he casually raises both arms so that when Sally plows into his back on her way towards Sherlock who has actually had both the audacity to lay down yet another gauntlet towards house but is also waving about the hand signal for international peace and brotherhood (Americans use one finger)(Like a lot)…
In a heart-shredding, air-filled-with-sound instant, John drops to the ground behind Moriarty. The bullet rips through Moriarty’s chest and his body hits the tile with a thud. Sherlock’s mind fills with the buzz of white noise, he can taste gunpowder, his ears are ringing and he’s pulling John by the shoulders out from underneath the dead man and as far away from him as he can get. He rips the coat of dynamite from John’s body and tosses it into the pool. It is completely waterlogged and on its way to the bottom in seconds, a pinkish trail of blood spatter from Moriarty’s fatal wound follows it down.
Well, that was all John needs to hear. It is quickly decided that they are going to go and meet with Penn and Barkley.
voice as well. Sherlock makes fun of John and John’s blog (which is all about Sherlock) but John’s pretty sure Sherlock reads it for more than picking out the grammatical errors. The man probably hears his own voice in John’s words.
Grant thinks about these things as he logs out of his computer after staring long and hard at their joint bank account for well over an hour. It’s a good thing he owns the company, because he sure would not appreciate one of his employees faffing about this way. Everything has its place here and he always considers and reconsiders every single decision that he makes.
Douglas just stares and wonders if the ginger is single, then quickly rescinds that when a tall, wispy bloke in khaki shorts and a dark blue polo shirt appears and stands quietly beside him. The tall man lurks for about ten seconds then crawls over the wing to plant himself directly in front of the wingwalker, who is mumbling incoherently. John hauls himself up beside the other man and starts talking to the ginger.
. So, truly, he’s got some ideas how things go when you are surrounded by genius dickheads. Of course, of the three of them, Monk is probably the least dickhead, and maybe could even be considered the most levelheaded, even if things that aren’t
The morgue laboratory, when they all finally reach it, is as empty as morgues can be in the middle of the afternoon in the middle of the week. House pushes open the door and steps into the main room. Long steel counters (benches) run the length of the walls, only interrupted by a couple of sinks. Above them are a row of cabinets (cupboards). Miscellaneous tools and boxes of gloves adorn the counters. Everything is sparkling clean and well cared for.
“Mister Norton, I’m not sure that I can help you,” the man is saying. To John, there’s only silence, but apparently the stranger can make out more.
Douglas leans down to whisper in John’s ear, “He sure looks shorter than he does in his pictures, though.”
“I’m sorry,” I tell them, making to stand up. Nova, the little traitor, doesn’t even flinch. She looks so tiny there in Sherlock’s hands. Sometimes I forget she’s only about eight weeks old. Us strays all seem to age a bit quicker than everyone else. “Look, I’ll see myself out, okay? I need…I just need some air.”
According to the victim’s background report that John is holding, Roger’s shift was an Agouti. Frowning because he’s not all that familiar with rodents other than rats and mice, John pulls the file closer to him and shuffles through it until he finds a photograph of a rather large rodent with fur almost the same color as Roger’s hair. Each individual hair on its coat is banded with a range of browns and blacks, alternating light and dark. The animal has a short, rounded ears and a stubby tail that John would be unable to see except that the photo is taken from the side and the Agouti is trotting.
“Well, I know he’s a sexist bigot with a God complex, and generally I say live and let live, but you know, House, you are really getting on my last nerve today. Your friend is missing, for God’s sake!” John pushes himself out of the chair in order to stand rigid, hands balled in fists at his sides.
For a minute, Captain looks horrified, then completely confused. The man from the trunk steps out on shaky legs and looks about, eyes narrowed against the light.
John sighs but it’s only a put-on as he bends forward to put his laptop on the coffee table. The DVD has finally stopped, leaving the credits and music playing to an uninterested audience of two. Without turning around or moving from John’s lap, Sherlock reaches behind himself and pokes just the right button on the remote and the whole entertainment system shuts down. All thoughts of music fly from his mind as the heat from Sherlock’s torso soaks into him through his jeans.
John growls a little, just enough under his breath and Sherlock decides that he’s had about enough playing around. Without letting go of John’s mouth, he tugs on John’s hips, mutely suggestion that he should move closer. Taking the hint, John steps forward until the outside seams of his jeans rest against the inside seams of Sherlock’s thin, tailored trousers.
Like a character in a book he read not too long ago, John finds himself right in the middle of what seems to be Sherlock’s memory.
that emanates from the detective; each time John gets a little thrill that he gets to be part of it. Everything Sherlock hides from the world around him lives right there in his mind, just as bright as the sun for someone willing to look deep enough for it.
John keeps his eyes on the menu; he shakes his head. “Other than it proves Grant never went into the house, I can’t think of another reason.”
All eyes turn towards him and he shrugs, pulling his glasses off his face and holding them in midair. John tucks them back into their case then tucks the case back into his pocket.
John reaches up with both hands and drags her strong, compact body down over his shoulder and into his lap where he kisses her with passion, cupping the back of her head lightly with both palms to hold her in place. When they pause to breathe, he runs his fingertips through her gingery-blonde hair, mussing it and enjoying the feel of the silky strands. Toby generally wears it short but it has gotten rather shaggy in the past weeks, a problem they’ve all been dealing with since the camp barber was injured in a skirmish. He tugs a lock gently, noting the contrast of the black tips to the rest of it.
If you've been following "As Changing As the Moon" you will know that I was away for Nanowrimo.  I finished with 50,068 words!  Yay!
Watson’s critical eyes softened and he crawled onto the bed to lay beside Sherlock.  His hand reached out and took Sherlock’s cock, gently stroking it.  “If I am caught it will be gaol for both of us.”  Almost reverently he kissed Sherlock’s lips.  “I will not risk it.”  His hand continued to move.
Sherlock kept eye contact, his eyes focusing on John, finding comfort in the other man’s presence.  With a nod he leaned back, still watching as the other man swallowed his penis.  John felt good… felt right… his mouth was warm and moist.  Instantly he was harder than he had ever been and he shifted so John could have more room to work.  The former bed slave had talent.  It was regretful that Sherlock had yet to fully experience the other man’s gifts… but he would take what he could get.  If John wanted he would roll over and allow the former bed slave full access to his body.  It didn’t matter that he had never taken anyone to bed.  All John had to do was ask…  Sherlock’s eyes focused on John’s lips and the way his penis was consumed by them.  It made something in his groin stir.  In that moment he wanted to be anything but a virgin.  In that moment he would gladly be a bed slave if he could have John claim him.  “John…”
“Act normal!” The suspect commanded.  “Don’t look at people.  Walk with me.”  Obviously he had not recognized the Detective Inspector working on his case.
I finished swallowing and rubbed the remainder from my lips with the back of my hand.  The taste wasn’t horrible.  A part of me felt betrayed.  It could have been better for the both of us.  But another part of me felt I deserved it for my part in getting Mary killed.  John needed release and I would give him that.  At least there was no chance of accidental pregnancy if John were to use my body for his sexual release.
“None.”  Sherlock echoed as he took a bite of the spring roll.  Swallowing he gave John a careless smile.  “But I might be open to learning… If the right spring roll came along.”
Sherlock closed the distance between them to kiss him again, scooting closer.  “How many condoms were in the box?”
How the forest god came to adapt to city life is another story.  But our detective was happy to have him in his bed and in his life.  Maybe, just maybe, having some emotional entanglements were nice.
