“He won’t be mad that I saw super secret things?” Peter muttered into Steve’s side.
“Hey, we don’t know if that kid is mine until I run a test. Just because a piece of paper says he’s mine, doesn’t make him,” Tony said in a warning tone.
By the time Peter walked into the store, he only had ten minutes before they were going to close. If Peter didn’t know exactly what he needed, this might be a problem. But he was on a mission. Walking straight towards the meat department, Peter set out, looking for a gold wrapped ham.
“Nothing,” Steve said flatly, because the only person he had ever loved besides Peggy was dead.
“It wasn’t good,” Steve said, shaking his head. “It was great.”
“Don’t worry about that right now,” Pepper soothed as she took her hand and ran it through Tony’s damp hair. (He had definitely taken a shower) “I’ll take care of it,” She said and with that Tony was leaning into the woman, pressing his forehead against her midsection.
“G-Good God.” Tony said in between gagas as he desperately tried to get his breathing under control.
“Alright,” Steve said with a kind smile as he put a firm hand on Bailey’s shoulder. “I’ll stay with you once everyone is accounted for.” And with that he turned to Sam. “After that, Can you start collecting information while I arrange for everyone to be extracted?”
And then there was Dad. Dad would always make hot sider and light a bunch of apple-cinnamon candles and place them around the living room. He would turn off the lights and then he and Peter would just lie on the couch together and watch the city from the windows while soft Christmas music played in the background. And then on Christmas Eve, Tony would pull Peter to the side and let him open one of his Christmas presents early. Of course Peter was too old for a lot of things like that now, but he just missed doing yearly rituals like that. It’s what seemed to hold all of the Christmas magic. It’s what made Christmas seem like…
“N-No, it’s okay Peter,” Tony said as he pushed himself back to the side of the bed he had been sleeping on. “Did you have a nightmare or something?” he asked as he stretched out his arms, taking the little boy in them.
Suddenly Peter was furious and all he wanted to do was get away from Steve.
Steve stood up slowly and made his way around the table so that he and Peter were on the same side. Once Steve was near the boy he crouched down so they were able to look at each other with ease.
“You need to get your life together, Captain,” Loki said after a moment. “A drunken mess does not look good on you,” the man said as he took away the cup that Steve was holding in his hand. Steve opened his mouth to object but nothing came out. So all he could do was wipe away the tears that were drying on his face. “Get a life, seriously. It is not fair. But you have to pick yourself and make something out of nothing.” Loki said before taking a swig of Steve’s drink. “Besides, are you not luckier than most men? You can travel through time. Use that to your advantage.” Loki said, shrugging as he finished off the drink.
“Steve,” Tony suddenly said, his voice raw. “Oh my god. Steve, it’s actually you,” Tony said, his words slurring as he began to make his way over to Steve. The blonde was concerned that Tony would hurt himself on the glass and in an attempt to keep him from injuring himself, Steve stepped forward. Tony practically fell into his arms as Steve pulled him close and away from the shards of glass.
“Because,” Sam suddenly shouted. “Clint and I just got out of that prison. We are not going back, especially when Clint has his family. I’m sorry but if you call Stark, Clint and I will be gone by the time he gets here.” Sam suddenly finished yelling, only to have the sound of a baby crying from the other side of the closed door. Shit, they had woken a kid up. “You can deal with this on your own,” he hissed.
“Lila broke her arm last week, so Laura has her hands full with that. But other than that they’re good,” Clint said simply. There was no malice in his voice like the last time the two had spoken on the Raft. In fact it seemed like the good old days. “Sam told me one of those kids down there is yours…” Clint then said, and Tony sucked in a breath.
Steve looked it over for a moment, remembering that they had stolen the car when they had first arrived in 1970. Steve was about to say something but Tony just shook his head and pushed him towards the car. They both got in and soon the two were sitting in silence. Steve could only wipe away the tears that were slowing down as Tony stared at him.
“Don’t tell me that me biting the dust would really mess with you this much?” Tony said, trying to make light of the situation. Steve didn’t really appreciate it though. His brow pulled together and he just looked at Tony as if he were insane.
“We’re at my place now. I mean, this isn’t where I live...but this is where I bring people when they’re sick or hurt.” Tony began as he continued to look out of the panel of windows.
If that wasn’t the move to make him feel better then he didn’t know what movie would do it.
1.) I would really like to update weekly but right now I am starting a new job so things are a little busy. Getting a chapter out every two weeks is a little hard, but hopefully things will change so it can come out regularly. Sorry about that!!
“Now that’s fucked up,” Clint said as his eyebrows rose up.
“I hear ya’!” She laughed. “But it’s almost Christmas. Once Christmas is here everything will be better,” She said with a smile, just waiting for the form of payment from Peter.
“Well...my bed is really squishy. I don’t like it.” Peter explained. “Your’s is hard...it’s nice.” Peter said, giving Tony a reassuring smile.
so Steve waited a little longer in the alleyway before making his way back to the underground bunker. What he was not expecting was to ram headfirst into someone as he rounded the corner.
“They’re not just testing on people,” Bailey interjected as she looked at the three men. “I think this is some sort of breeding program for super-humans,” she explained. “I mean...I haven’t been here long, not like Peter here,” She said, wiggling the hand the the boy was holding. “They took me off the streets like….eight months ago. I don’t understand a lot about what they were doing, but they have been getting a lot of girls pregnant. I’m pretty sure none of the girls have survived after their babies are born though. Actually, most of the babies don’t survive either.”
Pepper’s eyes widened and she turned to look back at the screen for a moment. She had suspicions, but Tony only confirmed that. The woman’s eyes scanned Mary’s face on the screen. She looked so happy in that picture. She had a kind smile and her honey brown eyes had a sense of knowing as they stared back. Pepper had never meet this woman, but she knew that she was smart and witty, and would probably give Tony a run for his money.
“I know,” Tony said, figuring out how to phrase what he was trying to say. “But you were staying in a really bad environment, and those people didn’t treat you right. You might not feel sick or hurt...but I need to make sure that everything is doing okay on the inside of you, where I can’t see. Okay?”  There was silence for a moment and Tony was afraid Peter wasn’t going to replay but a small “okay” seeped out of his shoulder.
“Peter?” Steve asked, rounding the corner from the living room. “Did you get the Ham?” He asked. He clearly seemed to be in a better mood.
Soon their shouts joined the crying as the men dropped her back onto the table before they bolted for another door at the back of the room.
Honestly, Steve thought he would only stay the night. But the night turned into two nights, and those two nights turned into a week and that week into a month, and after a year of staying with Tony, the genius asked him to marry him.
“I’m sorry,” a small whine piped up as Peter watched with a concerned look on his face.
“Jesus! You followed us? Can’t you take an order and get some sleep?” Tony whined before catching what Rita said. “Wait. You gave Steve the Plush?” He said in a accusatory tone.
Steve let out a heavy breath, not aware that he had even been holding it, before letting out a nervous chuckle. More and more fireworks began to go off in the sky over the river, and Steve did his best not to show that he was shaken up. It did help though, that Tony had jumped at the noise too. Though now that Steve thought about it, the inventor was still sitting pretty rigid in his grasp.
“Did Tony cook you breakfast?” Pepper asked as she sat down at the table across from Peter and next to Tony. Both boys turned their heads to look at Pepper and Peter opened his full mouth at the sight of her.
“Now don’t get into any trouble when I’m gone, okay? I’ll haunt you If I hear you’re up to no good,” Tony warned, his voice still soft.
She towered over him and hissed, “What unnatural thing have you done? How have you cloned his life signature, Stark? How does your machine make me feel this way?”
"Dimension Z," Tony said, remembering that was what Steve had called it, "I'm not sure. There's infinite dimensions. And I don't know what good it would do. But they're sure trying their damndest."
imagined Steve with lank, greasy hair falling across his dirt-covered forehead. A fat lip and broken nose, blood streaming into his mouth. There was a feral look in his eyes. Tony recognized that flat affect and detached expression. He supposed in Steve’s own time, they would have called it the ‘thousand yard stare.’
“I thought you said Earth was safer than home. What kind of world is it where you can’t even look at the sun?”
“This is you...isn’t it?” Peter said as he looked between the plush and Steve. “Mr. America, right?” Peter asked, the stress easing from his voice.
“Let’s just check it out,” Steve insisted.
“Great. Let’s go.” Tony laughed as he took Steve’s hand and began to lead him out of the room. He was ready to undress his boyfriend and go to town on him. He knew Steve felt the same way. “Are you sure you want to?” Tony then asked as they reached the door.
“Tony,” Pepper warned as she raised an eyebrow. It was obvious that they had different opinions.
But how did Tony feel now? He was all alone. It wasn’t fair.
“There is some stuff in here I don’t understand,” Steve began as he handed the file over to Tony. “But there is some medical information, and experiments they ran, things like that. I hope it helps,” Steve said.
“Barton,” Tony replied as he let out a held breath. “You’re still hanging around with America’s sweetheart?” Tony asked. “Sorry, I meant America's most wanted.”
“You too bird-brain,” Tony said. And he meant it. “Laura and the kids doing well?” He asked. He figured that’s where Clint would be. The house was never on any files, and there was no way Tony would give up Clint’s secret like that. He wasn’t that heartless.
“I mean...you’re not wrong,” Tony said, running his hand through his hair. “But what I’m wondering right now is...what are you still doing here?” Tony asked.
“Tony,” Steve said carefully as he began to tow Tony towards the couch. Once the two were settled, he continued to speak. “Your Steve isn’t going to apologize, not in the right way. The way he does is wildly inappropriate, considering what....we did.” Steve muttered, feeling shame fill his chest. “And I know I’m not your Steve but-”
The man scrubbed his face and let out a shaky breath. He was sure he had fallen asleep, but only a glance at the clock would confirm his theory. So with one fluid movement, Tony rolled onto his side to look at the glowing digital clock that was at his bedside. What Tony was not expecting was to come face to face with a small figure that was literally two inches from his face. He could see the dark outline of the figure, but what really stuck out were the big round eyes that stared back at him.
“Well shit,” Tony huffed as he fell into a deep sleep.
“Sure thing kiddo,” Tony said, patting Peter’s leg as he looked back at the TV.
“Tony?” Steve asked, his heart rate suddenly picking up.
“You are not the Captain I am familiar with, are you?” Loki pried after a moment of silence. And Steve opened his mouth to tell the trickster off, to tell him to leave him alone, but suddenly Steve was word vomiting all over the place. He had never experienced a time when he didn’t have control over himself, yet here he was, telling his sob story to someone he considered an enemy. Thanos, the time heist, the fact that
Silverink58 did a commission for me from the last scene in Chapter 8. It's directly below this. It is absolutely beautiful and I couldn't be happier! They did such a wonderful job. - Make sure to check out their work on Tumblr!
“I was in space,” Steve said. “I returned the power stone and just...decided to stay. I would say it’s been a good six months, but I don’t really remember much of it. I’ve just been floating around,” Steve said, his gaze falling to his lap.
“I’m sorry isn’t going to cut it Peter! I can’t feed them this! They could get food poising!” Steve said, letting out an aggravated sigh as he leaned against the kitchen counter.
“I’m pretty sure their testing people here. Like Wanda and Pietro,” Steve explained. “Though I’m sure these-” Steve cut off and looked at the two before continuing. ‘-kids are not here willingly.”
“The only thing I want you to do is stay with your daughter. Don’t worry about money, don’t worry about how long it will take for a recovery. She, and your family, can stay as long as needed. There are guest bedrooms down the hall, and if you’re hungry, I have a fully stocked kitchen that is for your use. If you have any questions my staff will be happy to help you.” Tony said with a small smile. “We’ll need to have a debriefing with your family about what happened to you daughter…” Tony said as he looked over at Bailey, who still had that smile on her face. “But I’m sure you have an idea. We’ll also need to have a conversation about the future of that baby. But we’ll do that at a later date,” Tony said before moving to the edge of the bed where he patted on of the girl’s feet. “You hanging in there Kiddo?”  Tony asked.
The inventor let out a heavy sigh, his head dipping slightly as he tried to decide if he could tell this kid “no” a second time.
With a survivor number of five, there were twenty seven deaths.
“Thank you Tony,” Steve hummed as he took the billionaire's hand. The boat had made it back to shore and the two were stepping off. “I had a great night.”
Steve knew he should return the time stone. And he knew that he should go back to his timeline but he didn’t want to. Doing that would just mean he would never see Tony again. But here, in 2012, Tony was alive and well. And he still had the time stone, meaning there was still a reason for him to be here. And honestly, Steve couldn’t bring himself to finish. So he lingered in New York 2012.
“Sorry,” Peter muttered under his breath. This was the worst Christmas ever.
“But I did the same things as the other Steve,” The soldier explained, to which he got no response from Tony. The two sat there for a moment before Steve finally continued. “All I can tell you is I am sorry. I am so so sorry. What I did to you was unacceptable. I lied to you, and it wasn’t to protect you, it was to protect me and Bucky. It was incredibly selfish of me. And you had every right to be upset. I never should have done what I did,” Steve said, pulling Tony away from him so he could get a look. The inventor just blinked back up at him with wet eyes, his brow knitted together in frustration.
“Oh Tony,” Pepper gasped as she peered down at the sleeping boy. “He’s absolutely precious,” Pepper cooed as she leaned down and gently carded her hand through the boy’s choppy hair. “He looks just like you did when you were a baby,” She hummed quietly.
“Your hand on my head,” Tony stammered almost instantly. “The concrete, my knees, a-and your jacket-” Tony said, realized that he was clutching on to Steve’s suit jacket for dear life.
“Well, eat up all that food. You have to eat a lot to be big and strong,” Peter said, his attention now back on his own plate of food.
“Uh…not really,” The lanky teen said as he ran a hand through his messy hair.
Steve didn’t care.
Everything was perfect.
It was if time had stopped for a moment because Peter just stared at his hand with large eyes. He didn’t move. Hell, he didn’t even breath. And when Tony thought everything might be okay, Peter let out a high pitched scream as he squirmed in Steve’s grasp.
“C’mon Peter, just for a minute. I can’t do anything when you’re taking up half of my side,” Tony sighed heavily as he gently tried to shake Peter off.
“We really did make a great team, huh? You and me,” Tony said, a weak smile pulling at the corners of his wrinkled mouth.
“Yeah, that’s fine,” Steve said with a nod as Tony turned to leave the hallway. “Actually, I have a  physical file on the kid if you want it.” Steve offered.
“Right. Yeah.” Peter said as his eyes flashed down to his wallet, and suddenly his stomach dropped. His card. It was gone. He only had a five dollar bill. The rest of his money was all on his card and his card was in his actual coat pocket. He had pulled it out to buy the Nyquil and never put it back. “Shit,” Peter hissed under his breath as he looked up at the woman. “I-I’m so sorry. I-I thought I had my money with me but I guess not. I’m going to have to put the ham back,” Peter said, feeling his ears and neck turn red from embarrassment.
To say that Tony had a panic attack was an understatement. He hardly let out a reply as he struggled to suck in air, but he successfully did so, telling Steve he would be there before promptly hanging up. It took him a while, but slowly he began to compose himself. After that, his brain was running into overdrive.
Everything was perfect, and then suddenly it wasn’t. And Tony had no idea why but suddenly he was panicking. He heard the loud noise from the river and then suddenly he was in the sky, fighting the chitauri as everything exploded around him. Another firework went off and suddenly Tony was back in Afghanistan, alone behind a rock as bullets rained down on him and bombs went off in every direction.
“They are still classified as missing,” Tony muttered, not even looking up at Pepper. “Their family has no idea what has happened to them and it sucks because I have to give them the news that their loved ones are dead.” Tony said, his words having a little bit of a bite to them.
“What happened to you Steve?” Tony breathed, lifting his hand to brush a stray tear from Steve’s face. It was clear this was not the Steve from his timeline. This Steve was different.
This is late as usual, but what's new!?
“Yeah Petey, you can call me dad,” Tony said.  Peter seemed to accept this as a good answer and simply closed his eyes before shifting slightly into a more comfortable position. “Good night...dad,” He muttered.
The find had put him on edge as he swept his side of the base, and he now began to think that perhaps they would find people that were being held there against their will.
Even though there were a considerable more amount of people in the area, Tony and Steve didn’t mind them as they cuddled next to each other, enjoying each other and the weather as they waited for the movie to start.
“I-I only speak a little,” Steve stammered in embarrassment as his allowed his hands to feel the fluidity of Tony’s hips as they swayed. “I took up another language after the ice,” Steve explained. “Well, Spanish and French that is.”
Fifty years. It had been fifty years and finally, finally, Steve was returning the time stone. At first he was afraid that his one-hundred-forty-seven-year-old body would not be able to take the jump back in time, but he some now made it intact. The old man appeared on top of a building. It was some sort of rooftop garden, and a bald woman in yellow garb stood a few feet away from him, her arms crossed in front of her.
“Tony,” Pepper said in a warning tone. “You needed sleep too. It’s not like anyone is going to blame you for-”
Wow I can't believe this dumb bitch (me) actually updated this fic...it's been like a year.
“Perhaps I’ll go back myself,” Loki hummed, making Steve’s eyes flicker back up to the trickster. “I’ve been wandering through space and time with the tesseract for quite some time now. I am tired. Life did not go as I thought it might. Perhaps some time at home with the family would do me some good.” Loki chuckled.
“The long hair though? Either grow it out more, or get a haircut. The midway-mullet is not a good look for you, even if you do pull it back,” Tony teased.
name is Captain America,” Steve said with a nervous laugh.
Tony seemed to sense Steve’s presence because he suddenly whirled around, staring at the man with large brown eyes. He was a mess. His hair was pushed in every direction while bags sat under his eyes from sleepless nights. His eyes were visibly bloodshot, and honestly, his skin looked a little too pale. It was obvious he was not in a good state.
Tony’s head slowly turned to the staircase and he let out a nervous whine as he scrubbed his face. He really didn’t want to do this. He didn’t want to see this kid. He wasn’t good with kids. He was sure he would screw this up. But at the same time he felt responsible. So taking in a deep breath, Tony descended the staircase.
“Well…” the Doctor said as he tilted his head from side to side, the pitch of his voice going up slightly. “It honestly looks like who ever was doing this stopped in the middle of what they were doing. It’s obvious that Peter has heightened senses. Especially hearing. And I’m sure when we get an optometrist in here, we can see about Peter’s eyesight. But honestly, that is all I see that’s enhanced. I’m not sure if other things will appear as he grows, but it does look like whatever they were doing is incomplete. I’m sure some sort of foreign material would need to be introduced into his body before the full enhancements took place. Luckily for you, I’m one of the only doctors on in the country that specialises in enhanced individuals.”
“That’s not anything new,” Tony said, letting out a light laugh. “Come on Cap, people are going to start staring, let’s get out of here,” The inventor said as he towed the man out of the alley and towards a car that was parked outside of the camp.
It was definitely Tony, though. He didn’t seem asleep, but he didn’t seem like he was paying much attention to the TV. It was playing
-------
“Peter! It’s good to see you again,” Rita suddenly said as she approached the two. “It seems like Steve gave you the plush I gave him,” Rita said as she stopped and looked over Tony’s shoulder. “Thanks Cap,” the black haired woman said with a smile.
“Tony Stark,” Pepper warned. “Do not do this to yourself,” She said as she pulled away and tilted Tony’s head up so that he was looking at her. “There was no way you could be prepared for this. It’s okay for you to struggle. It’s okay for you to feel like you don’t know what you’re doing, and it’s okay to feel scared. That’s why you have me, Happy, and Rhody. And that was all Steve was trying to do. He was trying to be there for you. I know things are really messed up between you two. But I really do think that he still cares for you. And if-”
“To a degree, yes. Like I said, I looked at the blood sample, and It looks like his DNA has been infused with something else. I’m still trying to figure it out, but it is definitely not found in humans.”
“Unfasten the diaper and lift the child’s legs up. Wipe up as much mess as you can with the diaper before folding it in half and throwing it away. Make sure his bottom does not touch the mat until he is clean. I would suggest having wipes nearby to clean up the rest, boss.” The AI responded.
“No!” the boy cried. “No, m’ scared! Don’t let me go, please,” the little boy pleaded.
“No, nothing’s wrong,” Steve supplied, a smile back on his face. “I just can’t believe how much you had planned for tonight,” the blonde admitted. “I figured dinner would be about it.”
“Boss,” Friday commented. “I would suggest that you don’t wait much longer with this task. It will only make it worse, and I’m sure the boy is uncomfortable.”
“I thought I would take a crack at it,” Steve said as he adjusted his posture. “It’s nice to see you Tony,” Steve said, and he meant it.
-----------------------
“Of course Peter,” Steve said, wiping away some tears with his thumb. “I’d do anything for you.”
A warm feeling was creeping in Tony’s chest and he tried to process his emotions, and it didn’t help that Peter replied with a “Love you too.” - Before he could do anything about it, he was out the door with Pepper.
After purchasing the only item he was there for, Peter walked out of the store and was heading for the subway once more when he looked around at his surroundings. Only one block away stood Stark-Tower. Hell, how had Peter not noticed the area he was in!?
“How-?” Steve began but then recalled that Peter had been in a HYDRA base. He knew very little about what they had wanted Peter for, but from the file he had read over, and some questions he had asked FRIDAY about Tony’s findings, he had a fairly good idea. “How much do you know?” Steve finally asked.
“She doesn’t have any. Both her mother and father are dead, no siblings, no aunts or uncles. And the only family I could find for her husband was his brother and wife. Other than those two, he has the same story,” Tony said as he scrubbed his face with one of his hands before looking up at Pepper. “I don’t...I don’t know if I can do this...do that...call them and tell them that-”
“Okay sure,” Tony said hesitantly as he stood up and walked back over to the cabinet before returning shortly with the items. “Now what?”
“And to what do I owe the pleasure of this call?” Pepper asked. She didn’t seem annoyed, but maybe a little amused. The last time they had talked was last week about a deal with the company, and things had ended a bit heated.
“Three things you can hear?” the soldier asked, waiting patiently for a response.
Of Course when Steve agreed to marry Tony, he knew that he would outlive the man. They had talked about it quite frequently. Tony knew that it bothered Steve, but he wanted to make sure that Steve was okay with the idea. So they talked about it quite a bit over the years. And finally, after forty nine years, the day came.
“Bailey,” She stammered, trying to catch her breath.
Honestly, Peter would have thought that Tony was in his lab, but as the elevator went by that floor, Peter became a little confused.  The elevator soon stopped, though, and the doors opened to the top floor. The commons area.  Suddenly Peter wondered if Tony had a guest over. It’s not like Peter was against Tony having someone over…he just didn’t want to interrupt them, but surly JARVIS would have said something. As Peter walked deeper into the floor, though, he saw a figure sitting on a couch, watching TV, their back towards the teen.
“Yes Tony?” Steve asked, his voice tender as he looked down at his husband with loving eyes.
If Peter wasn’t on medication, he probably would have ran up to it, but decided on just walking. When he got there, a big sigh of relief washed over the boy. It was just the ham he was looking for. It was wrapped in a silver wrapping, but it was still a honey ham. Hell, it was even a little bit bigger than the one Steve had. He should be happy when Peter brought it home.
“That’s right, safe,” Bailey said, trying her best to put on a smile. The small boy looked at her hand and then back at Steve before taking the offer. The two wrapped their hands together and Bailey slowly led the boy out of his small prison.
As they walked through the front doors, the first thing that Tony noticed was the quiet voices coming from the room down the hall.  The two approached as as Tony got closer he noticed that it was Bailey’s room. The door was slightly open and the  lights were dimmed. On further inspection, Tony saw that there were four other people in the room, spread out over chairs that were turned into makeshift beds. Tony figured they were Bailey’s family, and he was about to just walk on and leave them alone, but the girl locked eyes with Tony and a wide smile crossed her face.
So a few things here:
When he opened the door he expected to find another pregnant girl, or an adult, but instead he found a little boy sitting in the corner of the dark room. He was small and definitely a toddler, maybe two or three. His back was towards the door but he was quick to turn around.
“When you got me and the others out of that place...I didn’t recognize you because you had a beard,” Peter explained, his eyes still avoiding Steve as he spoke. “But you’re Steven Grant Rogers, Captain America. Born July 4th, 1918. Right?” Peter asked, his large brown eyes now flickering up to meet Steve’s.
“The beard is a nice change. You look a little meaner. Are people taking you more seriously?” Tony asked. The only thing Steve could do was let out a choked laugh, shaking his head.
“Friday, call Pepper,” Tony muttered as he sat up in bed. There was a short wait and then suddenly Pepper’s voice came over the system.
So the soldier rounded up his teammates who were willing to help and they tossed around ideas of what they could do. In the end, they agreed on taking down HYDRA bases that were either still running, or hidden. They would simply hop from one base to another, eliminate the threats, save people if need be, and then sift through all of the files and information that was left over. It wasn’t like SHIELD was going to do it. And Steve couldn’t leave with a good conscience, knowing that all of that information was up for grabs to whoever wandered onto the site.
“Peter. Peter.” Steve called from the other side of the door.
“Really?” Tony asked in disbelief as he turned his head slightly. “I hate it. It’s so stupid. There’s no real plot.” Tony said with a heavy sigh, only to laugh a second later as the younger brother fell over in the snow because he had on too many coats.
The mind stone was the next thing to be returned. After using the time stone to restore it back to the staff, Steve was careful to put it back in the case, next to his younger, unconscious, self. As if he had never taken it in the first place.
In all honesty, Tony had no idea if he had actually fallen asleep. He remembered laying on his back and staring up in the direction of the ceiling, the room completely dark. He remembered that his mind was running a million miles an hour...and then he lost time. His eyes had adjusted to the darkness and he could make out the shape of the light fixtures that hung from the ceiling. He could see the corners of the room and if he looked around, Tony was sure he could see the general shape of all the furniture.
“And why not?” Steve retorted, his voice growing in volume.
“You too,” He hummed, a smile pulling at his lips. It was the first time he had smiled in months.
“Well, that’s what they say,” Tony said with a shrug. “Guess I won’t find out till I seem him,” Tony said as his eyes wandered over to the staircase. “Is Sam down there with Rogers?” he then asked.
From there the two had wondered around the living area a bit more before Pepper cornered them in the common room. She was adamant about Peter needing a haircut because his hair was
By now Tony was wondering if Peter was afraid of settings like these. He had been raised in a lab. He couldn't blame this kid if a trip to the doctor set him a little on edge. It was something that he would keep in mind. In fact, Tony might have to get creative with other doctor visits, but for now, he would try to do his best with what he had.
“Mr. Stark!” The young girl said as tony walked by the door, only to backpedal quickly. As he did so, he could hear some shuffling around in the room and before Tony could fully open the door, it was opened for him. A man in his mid fifties stood before him. He looked like an absolute wreck, but he had a wide grin on his face.
“Right. Meaning tomorrow is Christmas. And do you have any idea what you just did to this ham?” Steve asked, slightly shaking the gold item in his hands.
Of course Tony wanted to do something nice for Steve. He was sure that his husband had some sort of idea about what he had planned, but Tony tried to keep it as vague as possible. “Keep Saturday night free. We have plans,” was all Tony had said.
“Allright, it’s settled then,” the inventor hummed before pulling away from Peter slightly so that he wouldn't smother the boy in his sleep. Peter still kept his hand in the same spot on Tony’s chest, but his eyes wandered up to his father’s face, looking for comfort. And that’s exactly what he got.
It was months later when Steve finally got the wake up call he was needing. He had wandered the cosmos, hitching a ride from planet to planet, drinking himself away, and telling himself that one day he would bring the remaining stones back. Honestly he had no idea where he was, not that it really mattered. All he knew was he was in a bar, and the alcohol was bearable.
“I’m not sure. I was thinking I would go back to my timeline. I have something to drop off,” The old man explained, holding up a large, Captain-America-Shield-Like object.
“Peter-”
Steve saw red as he watched the girl fall to the table as the men carelessly left her alone. They were obviously more focused on their own lives and Steve was not going to let them get away. So the man jumped into action, he first grabbed the child and lowered her to the ground so she would not fall from the table before he took off after the three scientists. The first two he outright killed. He had hit them rather hard, and the blow had damaged organs, killing them quickly. The last one, though, he made sure to keep alive. Unfortunately there was a cyanide pill hidden in their molar that they used, and soon, they were dead as well.
“You know your dad is Iron Man?” Steve asked, to which he got a head nod. “And you know how his old suits work. Inside and out?” Steve asked, getting another nod. And all Steve could do was look at Peter in shock. Because
“I was going to ask you the same thing,” Loki said, his eyes never leaving Steve’s form. “Last time I checked, you were more of an Earth man,” Loki said, raising a single eyebrow.  “So where is the rest of your Avengers? Is my brother here? Are you here to-”
Soon Pepper was at Tony’s bedroom door. She paused at the entrance, not really sure what was going to happen in the following moments, but prepared herself for anything.
“Christmas eve?” Peter asked before sucking in air and letting out a horrible cough.
“I found a place. It’s an hour away. Don’t worry,” The seventeen year old responded, trying to move past, but Steve put his hands on Peter’s shoulders, giving him a concerned look. “Peter. It’s okay. You don’t have to go out and do this. I forgive you.” Steve said, squeezing Peter’s shoulder.
“It’s not that easy,” Steve tried again.
As Steve tossed open the door he noticed everyone was sleeping...except for the boy that he was looking for. Peter simply sat on the black couch, next to Bailey who was passed out. His large eyes met Steve’s and it looked like he had been expecting someone to walk through the door. Steven was slightly taken back by this, but pushed it to the back of his mind as he looked the boy over. And the more he looked, the more he could see Tony in the boy. His nose, the color of his hair and- those eyes!
“Pepper will come back to you,” Steve said carefully. “You’re going to ask her to be your wife, and you’ll have beautiful children. Don’t throw that away for me,” Steve said softly.
“I don’t want him to think I’m bad,” the little boy stammered as the tears began to fall. “I don’t want him to be mad at me for knowing secret things.I don’t want him to hate me. I-I wish I didn’t know them but they
Tony though, keeping a mental note on all of Peter’s habits.
The inventor didn’t even bother to fold the diaper up, he simply scraped what he could off of Peter and then tossed it away before wiping Peter down with some wipes and setting the boy’s legs down.
“Mr. Stark!” A soft voice suddenly interjected. It was the doctor on call to the medical ward. The man had been in the corner of the room at a desk when the two had entered the room, and he didn’t want to disturb them right when they entered. “It’s good to see you,” The black haired doctor said as he extended a hand to Tony. The inventor shook it once before turning away from Peter, hoping their talking wouldn’t’ wake him.
“Okay,” Peter said as he waved back at a very agitated Tony and a smug looking Pepper.
During the time in between Tony had come up with quite the plan for their evening. Dinner on a private yacht in the early evening, watching the sun set over the water before making their way to the Brooklyn Bridge Park. It was one of their favorite parks, and it would have a beautiful view of the city as night fell. It wouldn’t be completely vacant, but it would be private enough that they could enjoy themselves together as they walked along the paths. And from there, the two would end the night with one of the outdoor movies that played in the park on the weekends. It was supposed to be some old 1930’s comedy that he was sure Steve would like.
Steve smiled dryly.
“I was worried about her. I wanted her to let go of her past and live in the present. She went through an enormous trauma. I encouraged her to talk to me about it, or anyone. But she isn’t a big talker. She pointed out the hypocrisy,” Steve explained in a hollow voice, staring into his milkshake like he was dreaming. “She had a point. Me, living in my shrine to the past. And all that feels so far away, now.”
When Steve woke, Tony bolted awake and he could have cried in relief.
Something about the way he said it made him sound older than he was. He always found someone else to worry about, but Tony had the feeling in his stomach that this time, Steve needed to be the one being taken care of.
, he was in rough shape and the doctors were not confident.
Steve looked at his hands, tracing his thumb over a bite-shaped scar he’d gotten in the other dimension on a hunting trip with—
“Mhm. As far as you can see. It was a passion project but I got distracted, never really spent much time here,” Tony said. Something about the expansiveness of the landscape reminded Steve of the best parts of Dimension Z. The Phrox were farming people, and some of the happiest days of his life had been spent picking crops with his son under the suns.
“Hey, big guy. What happened?” Tony said, jogging the last few feet and looking him over in a fuss.
“No one could fault you, Steve. No one thinks clearly after—” He paused. A loss? Sharon was gone but it was more than that. “After what you’ve gone through. It was stupid for Fury to let you run off like that without checking in. Listen, you should come stay with me. Until you get yourself right, and get a new place. You can stay as long as you want in your space in the tower.”
“It’s scaring me.” The admission came quietly and then Tony collected himself. “I’m sorry. It isn’t about me.”
FR: Compliment taken. Thank you.
“Just, wanted to let you know.”
"If they do," Sam said, carefully and emphatically, "We have to look out for Steve. He's the only one who knows what it's like in there. They'll want to use him. I think, at least for now, that's not going to be good. I think that could be--" He searched for the word, "-- Catastrophic, for his recovery. The guy's suffering from some pretty serious PTSD, I'd bet my bird. And SHIELD doesn't give a shit about if it'll trigger him. They just see him as an asset, and I'm worried about that."
“Oh,” Tony said, chest tight as a fist. “Steve. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’m here now.”
TS: Alright. Let’s take a crack at this. Trial number one, using sample labeled 1A. Testing polarity, let’s see how this thing— huh. FRIDAY, what’s that alert for?
It couldn't last forever. Tony's phone rang one day when they were tangled up in each other on an unmade bed, and when he answered it all the muscled in his body tensed up.
“It’s terrible. I don’t know what to say.”
He didn't get a chance to decide for himself.
"Tony, what is that?" Steve asked.
Satisfied with his own assessment of the situation and the results of the debriefing, Fury not only let Steve go, but sent him off alone with Jet. Go home, go back to normal. Everything is fine.
TS: Okay. Change parameters. Show me any known virus that’s up to… say, a sixty percent match.
Bruce tore into the foil wrapped of the Twix bar. “They’ll find her. When they do, she’ll be able to shed some light.”
“If you say so,” Tony said.
-Genesis
“Tony—”
In the morning, Steve didn’t come out of his room.
TS: [Pause] Nothing at all? Even with partial matches?
“Nobody,” he said. There was the faintest stubble starting to come in along his jaw and up his cheeks, Tony noticed. Steve looked so out of place. Tony hadn’t seen him this way since they first met what felt like a lifetime ago. That fateful day in a submarine when they found him adrift in the sea and fished him out. And when he thawed, he'd looked just like this, lost in the eyes but too humble or too proud to ask for help-- adrift, though no longer in the sea. Tony hadn’t been able to resist that look; he’d taken Steve under his wing as quickly as possible and bent over backwards to make him smile. Their midnight trip to the Smithsonian was still one of Tony's favorite memories.
But nothing more.
No one wanted to ask the hard questions, but in the end, it was necessary.
“Steve,” she said, addressing him directly with a pleading expression, “Why are you beyond help? What happened to you that you think I won’t understand?”
Steve said nothing. She sighed, again.
"No one," Tony said. He threw a balled up pair of underwear at Steve, "Get dressed, the plane leaves in an hour." Steve didn't try to catch the flying undergarments so they landed on the floor a few feet short of the bed in a pile.
Tony brought him home. Steve was deflated like a popped balloon, silent the whole ride there. Privately, Tony was overwhelmed with relief at having Steve under his roof again. It felt sick to celebrate any aspect of this situation— Sharon was dead, and Steve was unwell and not looking to make time with any one else right now. It felt good, anyways. It felt right.
The first night, after they got home from the diner, Steve crashed on the couch in Tony’s own apartment when Tony stepped out of the room to bring him a set of clothes and a towel for the shower.
Bruce was gentler. “Tony, take a step back. Did you go through decontamination on your way in?” It seemed he could guess the answer; in Tony’s panicked outrage it seemed unlikely that he would take the time to go through the necessary procedures, and given that this was a complete question mark, they were taking all precautions.
Steve’s eyes flickered. His expression became guarded. “Not really.”
“I didn’t,” Steve said. He offered no other information. Tony felt exasperated, but not with Steve.
Tony hovered, always hovering. Steve wanted to touch him, sometimes. The complicated memory of Sharon hung over him, a cloud of guilt. He loved her, but his love was tainted by the circumstances of her death.
FR: Shall I alert SHIELD?
“Don’t sugarcoat it,” Tony said.
“No. As soon as they closed the gaping hole in his chest, Fury gave him
The breeze ruffled the curtains and Steve smelled pollen on the air. He took a deep breath.
Blame the culture at SHIELD, perhaps. Everyone was an operative. Everyone had lost someone. It made it all too easy to downplay the gravity of a more serious trauma, and all the warning signs went under the radar.
Jet visited, sometimes. She and Steve liked to talk privately, though; Tony was never invited. Steve and Jet reminisced about Dimension Z; the twin suns. The crystal waters. Ghost eels and spider wolves and even the less savory things: he sand monsters. The sand storms. The mutates.
TS: Alright. So we’re going to acquisition every bit of this stuff SHIELD has, read their research, become an expert in virology overnight, and then just fill in the gaps. Easy. Okay.
Steve shook his head.
“Hm, it’s weird alright. So they never appear to leave the station. But something weird happens at the timestamp. Maybe it’s a glitch.”
Outside the lab, metal footsteps clanged on the ground before the doors burst open. It was Iron Man. He stormed in, eyes aglow. Then, he laid sight on Steve’s body and froze dead in his tracks. “What’s wrong with him?”
The anger grew; he already knew where that portal would lead-- it was all blindingly obvious now. The secrecy, the constant work, the pushing Steve to see a psychologist, probably to get him ready to jump back into work. And the vacation-- rest and recreation? A little R&R? Let the boys frolic with dolphins and drink beers before sending them to their deaths on the beaches of Normandy, that was the way to do it, a distraction. Steve felt sick to his stomach. He felt dizzy with betrayal.
“I thought I’d never see you again.”
The first few appointments, Steve barely spoke a word. He just locked up. His throat closed. Time passed quicker, he zoned out. The woman was very professional, but it must have frustrated her.
“Are you hurt? Does this hurt? There’s a medic over there. Come on, I want them to look at you. I think you must’ve inhaled smoke.”
“I thought I would never see you again.”
“I’ll move in.”
Tony held a hand up, panting, eyes wide in obvious fear but trying to de-escalate the situation.
“What about Peter?” Tony asked. He tried not to show how hesitantly he had asked, but his voice gave it away.
So, I have been pretty busy lately but I really wanted to get this chapter out by the end of the week. I honestly just wanted to write all the fluffy scenes with Tony and Peter, but I really needed to do this chapter. I know my writing is crap, I apologize. Anyways, if you still want to read...well...enjoy!!
“We do,” Steve says, nodding.
“Friday, order some diapers and baby formula. And get a list from Rita about what the younger kids need. And ask Bailey and Samantha if they need anything. If they do, get it for them. And tell Rita to get a bed ready for Peter, he still needs to be evaluated.” Tony said as he scrubbed his face with his hand. With that he turned back to Steve and Peter. The super soldier was just quietly looking down at Peter as the boy leaned into the side of his arm, holding the plushie tightly to his chest. “I’ll take it from here Cap,” Tony then said as he discarded the gloves.
The inventor pulled the sheets over his shoulders and rested his head in the pillow. As he closed his eyes, though, a voice came over the speakers.
“Pepper?”
Peter knew he probably shouldn’t have said something like that to Pops, but he was a grown man, he could handle something like that, right?  And it wasn’t like they were newly divorced. Hell, they had been separated for over ten years, which was longer than they had been married. Besides they seemed to be very civil towards each other when they were in the same room. It’s not like they hated each other’s guts. In fact Tony had told Peter once that he would always love Steve…no matter what…but Steve…he was different.
His chest constricted as he ran and Tony felt like he was going to pass out from lack of oxygen. His head was spinning and the anxiety that was building in his gut made Tony think he wasn’t going to make it. And suddenly Tony found himself falling to the ground. The hard concrete dug into his knees and ripped his pants, but Tony didn’t care. A strangled cry bubbled from his chest and the man just collapsed to the ground, his chest heaving up and down as he rested his forehead on the cool ground. Oh God. He couldn’t breathe! He couldn’t breathe!
On any other given day, Peter would opt for web-slinging. But in the state that he was currently in, that wouldn’t be such a good idea. So the boy just took the subway.
Sitting on the couch, Peter turned on the TV and flipped through the channels till he found a movie to watch.
“What the hell is this place?” Sam asked as he looked at the boy and girl who stood beside Steve. “Who are they?” he then asked, motioning towards the pair. As he spoke the boy became visibly nervous and moved behind Bailey, using her as a shield from the strangers.
“Yeah Peter, you got it right.” Tony said as he nodded, trying to figure out how to get to the next question he was about to ask, but Peter beat him to it.
“Yeah...he called me a few hours ago. He seemed really upset,” Pepper explained as she looked the man up and down. It had been a long time since she had seen Steve. And honestly, if this were any other time, she might have a few choice words for him. But the woman deemed that this was not in the right moment.  The one thing Pepper noticed, though, was how rough the man looked.  “You look awful Steve,” Pepper muttered. “When was the last time you slept?”
“Then who will watch Peter?” Tony asked, his eyes now solidly on the boy. He was eating, but it was clear that Peter was listening with interest.
The space stone was the first thing he decided to return. Dr. Strange had taught him how to use the time stone to revert the stone back to the tesseract. After doing so he collected himself and returned back to Camp Lehigh. He had to be pretty close to when he had left the base the first time, that way the tesseract wasn’t missing for too long. But there was no way he was going to risk running into
The Captain was suddenly pulled from his thoughts when Sam came into the room holding a stack of folders. They looked liked folders that one would seen in a doctor's office, and each had a picture pinned to the front.
“Alright then. Let’s go get breakfast, huh?” Tony said as he dried his hands and ushered Peter out of the bathroom. He would deal with the diaper in the trash later.
“You came all the way out here, just for Ham?” Tony asked, quirking an eyebrow.
“No. Please don’t. I want to leave it as a surprise,” Peter said with a small smile as he entered the elevator. “Please take me to him,” He added.
Okay. I know, I know. I'ts been a month since I posted. I'm really sorry.
“Tony?” Steve asked carefully as he rested his hand on the other side of Tony’s shoulder, only to get no response. “Tony?” Steve tried again, a bit louder this time as he squeezed Tony’s shoulder.
The woman pressed her lips together in a fine line and gave a slight smile as she nodded and moved around Steve. She only looked over her shoulder once as she continued down the hall, but Steve was gone when she did so.
“You meant a lot to me,” Steve admitted, his ears turning red as blush consumed his face. “You were such a good friend to me. And I wasn’t to you,” the man said, staring at Tony.
2.) I wish this chapter was longer, I'm sorry! I just wanted to get an update out to all you lovely people!
“Sounds good,” the archer said as he hoised up his bow and arrow. “Good luck with the kid,’ He then said as he turned towards the door.
“You’ll keep looking into his DNA, though, right? Make sure we know what’s inside of him.” Tony prompted.
was dead and Peggy could see through his heartbreak. As Steve finished up, he suddenly realized that he was actually crying.
Things got worse, though, when Steve walked through the door at the end of the hallway.As soon as the door opened Steve saw three scientists a good twenty yards away crowded around a table. In the center of the table stood a naked child who was no more than a year old, being held by their arm so they were standing up. The girl was crying as the men poked at her with some device and her crying continued as each scientist stopped to look at the person who had entered.
For the last two days Peter had been laid up in bed with a horrific cold. Ever since he had the spider-bite it was rare that Peter would get a sick, but apparently he still could. And this was proof of it. The boy had chills, a high fever, a stuffy nose, and now his throat was starting to feel the effects.  He figured it was due to the cold weather and him staying out almost all night while on patrol as Spider-Man. So when Peter came in from his duties two days ago, he bought a bottle of NyQuil, took a dosage, and went straight to bed. And there he had remained for the past 48 hours. The only times he came out was to use the bathroom, or fulfill the small chores Steve had him do.
“Your doctors are worried about you. You’re not healing up the way you should be. You’re thin.”
FR: No results.
“Alright.”
“Nonsense. Drink that water, you’re going to have a headache,” he said.
August 11, 2012
“Great. I’m really relieved. Thank you.”
“The arm is relaxed, they’re both at the same angle, it shouldn’t be so twisted.”
“Hey, champ,” Tony said, voice scratchy with sleep. He reached out to carefully squeeze Steve’s hand, avoiding the IV. “You gave us all a scare.”
Tony knew that look from his own reflection after being held captive in a cave in Afghanistan.
“It’s really too soon to tell anything,” Bruce said, glaring at Pym, “But we’re
A church appeared behind a gnarled tree and a dumpster. There was a light on outside, shining on the small sign in the shape of a crucifix. The windows were black. He sat on the curb in the shadow of the cross. He hadn’t noticed how exhausted he was until he stopped moving. His body was constantly surprising him. He was still weak despite having made a total recovery from his external injuries.
Tony lit up. “Okay?”
A pause, and then Tony's voice flat and apologetic, "No. I'm sorry. I got held up. It's a work thing."
“Yes, of course. And you know where to find me. I’m only a few steps away. And if you just ask the computer to get me, I’ll come.”
There it was again: if. Tony went silent once more. He crossed his arms across his chest.
“I’m home now,” he said, but his voice was hollow.
Haggard, bleeding, wearing tatters of his former uniform, footage shows the woman assisting Captain Rogers walk.
“Hey. I didn’t realize you’d gone back out.”
She scoffed, “My boy has never felt sorry for doing what he believed was truly good.”
Tony cut in, feeling defensive. Was no one concerned with Steve’s mental state? Was it not screamingly obvious that Steve was more than just a bit rattled? They’d all had their own share of traumatic experiences working for SHIELD and the Avengers, but could they not see that something had penetrated Steve's defenses and wounded him at his core? Twelve years wasn’t something Tony could even comprehend. No wonder Steve kept looking around like he didn’t recognize any of them. The gravity of such an experience was impossible to grasp from their perspective.
Steve sat up, clutching the sheet to his waist and frowning. He mouthed, "What is it?" Tony's eyes flickered and then he shook his head and slid out of the sheets, padding barefoot across the floor to the bathroom and disappearing behind a closed door. He emerged a few minutes later and went to the closet.
Current alias: Captain America
But he did visit her memorial, sometimes. He left flowers.
Steve was silent as death and for a terrifying moment, Tony couldn’t tell if Steve remembered him. His eyes showed cognition but he was staring as though he’d seen a ghost.
Second mistake. It was the perfect recipe for a total meltdown but Steve’s own good reputation damned him. He had a track record of having generally stable mental health and sound decision-making; no one believed Tony that he was just a bomb waiting to detonate, and that giving him Jet and letting him go was potentially triggering enough to light the fuse.
Tony spent all his time hunched over a work bench with his soldering iron and a tool box, working on the device that had begun to take shape over the course of weeks. Steve didn't know what it was and never thought to ask. It wasn't a weapon-- he might not be the most tech savvy but he wasn't the luddite people like to believe he was, especially when it came to high-tech weaponry. But because it wasn't a weapon, he didn't take much of an interest. He didn't think to be suspicious.
“I don’t know how to forgive her,” Steve whispered, then. Tony’s eyes flickered down, but he couldn’t see Steve’s face.
SHIELD Land Unit “The Hub” Medical Bay
PATIENT HISTORY
"You always have a choice. You could have told me."
“What are you saying?”
And his face, but to a lesser degree. He had no picture, but he had his journal and
The reminder of Tony’s sobriety being sometimes fragile made Steve shrivel internally with guilt at his behavior a few weeks ago when he turned up drunk and cried in Tony’s arms. “Are you sure that’s a good idea?” He asked, hoping he didn’t sound accusatory.
“I guess I’ll get washed up, then. I haven’t had a shower in a long time.”
FR: That is correct.
“I know.”
It was weeks before he found the courage to go to a meeting.
It was hope dressed up as logic. Captain America had that effect on people. Even the most rational scientific minds and the hardest hearts softened in admiration of his legacy, but it was an open secret among the Avengers and associates that Tony Stark’s personal feelings toward the Captain were more than your standard hero worship.
“I’m still not sure it’s really sinking in that she’s gone. It's just so sudden.”
Steve kept going to therapy.
[Begin transcript 00:00:21]
Though the faceplate concealed Tony’s expression, his reaction to the intimidation that Steve may
“Tony?” He looked surprised.
“Got everything you need? How’re you feeling?” he asked. He might have been more anxious than Steve. It was kind but off-putting. He was feeding off of Tony's nervous energy and he was already exhausted.
He was vague on this point.
"Do you want to live forever, Papa? You can stop. You could just stop."
“Do you want to talk about it?”
That night in bed, Tony thought things over. It hit him that the picture of Sharon had been nowhere to be seen in the bedroom when he brought Steve dinner and he rolled over, closing his eyes and with guilt sitting on his chest like a pile of bricks.
"'Mother' and 'Bastard,'" Steve said. "They had a mythology surrounding the celestial bodies, just like humans."
Tony thought he was being subtle, Steve imagined. At the end of every corridor he was there, a specter with apologetic shoulders and watchful eyes. At the turn of the hour, nearly every hour, Are you alright? Let’s have a bite to eat. Have you had a shower?
The first floor was fairly open; the kitchen connected to the living area, divided by a marble topped island and wooden stools. The kitchen, though clean and a touch dusty, looked like a nice place to cook and host. Steve admired the basin style sink and the wooden slab cutting board cut into the shape of the state of California, hanging from a peg on the wall. There were dozens of windows which looked out over the even rows of the vineyard and the mountains in the distance.
“That’s why I’m here.”
“Help what?” Tony said.
The scary thing was that there was no ostensible reason for Steve to remain unconscious. He was, by all measures, well enough to awaken. His healing seemed slower, but he
Full name of patient: Steven Rogers
Confused, Steve said, “What do you mean?”
He walked until his feet hurt and then he walked further. A neon sign hummed and flickered, as he walked past a pawn shop with stolen watches in the window: DROP YOUR ANTIQUES HERE. A taxi sped through a puddle, spraying rank city water onto the leg of his pants.
“Is it working?”
“Gross.”
SHIELD LAND FACILITY, “The Hub”
“I really think he should talk to someone. Has anyone offered to set him up with a therapist or a grief counselor or something? I’d be happy to find someone through the VA, if it’s any help. Hell, I feel like I have to talk to someone myself after hearing about what happened to Sharon.”
Then Steve’s stomach growled, interrupting him.
Steve explained that he found himself in a hostile other world which followed no predictable laws of physics, inhabited with hordes of monsters and other genetic experiments gone wrong. Steve had escaped the laboratory where he’d been held and survived in the wilderness thanks to the generosity of a people called the Phrox. Zola had hatched a plan to invade Earth, but it was over, now, thwarted by himself and the allies he’d made in the other dimension.
at all.
Tony nodded. “He’s Steve. He always pulls through.”
Even when they weren’t lovers, they were best friends. And when they weren’t friends, they were still something. They shared a bond that had not often been given years to cool, and Tony felt a pang of fear. What if after twelve years alone Steve had outgrown Tony?
"I can't, okay? I'm sorry. Please stop asking. I really just need you to get packed so we can go."
Steve did not answer. He stared out the window past her head. It was midmorning and cold sunlight illuminated the dust swirling between them. Her practice was housed in an ancient brownstone, furnished with polished mahogany and brass fixtures and uncomfortable leather chairs, floorboards that creaked beneath patterned rugs when you walked across them. It was as foreign to Steve as the desert would be to a fish. After spending over a decade in the other dimension, Earth was unfamiliar and he still wasn’t used to occupying civilized space.
Steve looked down, shame so palpable that it might as well have been dripping off of him. “Not. Not really.”
“My god. I’m sorry,” she said. Steve forced a smile.
BRIEF:
Sam paused on his way out the door. "Do you think they'll find it? That place."
Reporting to SHIELD
His heart started pounding the longer he stood there in his boxers and socks, entertaining the forbidden thought.
to offer and he stood by his window, a thinner and gruffer man, and he hears his mother’s voice in his head, Your father gave away his goodness to a bad world. He was a good man but he changed.
He had a point.
“It’s bugging me too,” Hank said, looking once again at Steve. “I’ve never seen him with a beard.”
“This is all yours?”
(Project “Mechanical Hound”)
This seemed to soothe Tony, but only marginally.
“How was it?” he asked as Steve slid into the passenger seat. He shrugged, waiting for Tony to pull into the street and bring him home. The engine purred. Steve looked at Tony, who smiled sheepishly and said, “Your seatbelt.”
Sam sighed. “Man, I’m not sure about this.”
It didn’t take much to deceive him. Tony knew Steve well, so Steve knew just how to act to make him believe what he wanted to.
“Mmhm.” Tony was antsy to let him rest. He seemed so tired. “Give or take. It was hard to measure time. The stars were— it was all strange. Things moved differently.”
“Short answer? We don’t fucking
“It’s fine, Tony. Thank you.” He paused. “I’m still not used to Earth food. That’s all.”
Steve didn’t answer. He closed his eyes. The doorknob clicked and footsteps, timid and even, approached. The scent of bacon and eggs— once a favorite, now nauseating, filled the room. The mattress creaked beneath Tony’s weight as he sat down. Steve opened his eyes a crack and peaked through his eyelashes at Tony’s feet. He was wearing polished shoes and Steve could see himself in their gleaming reflection.
“Oh.” Steve had forgotten.
“But he
“What the…” Hank said. Bruce squinted.
Tony opened his mouth and blood and drool dribbled down his chin. He was definitely concussed. Nothing she was saying was making any sense to him.
Steve was wiped out though he didn’t want to give Tony the satisfaction. He was horrified with himself when he was alone in bed at night and had time to think about Ian and Sharon and all the Phrox who had died— but the days were too crammed full with light and excitement and exhaustion to be sad.
Tony stirred his milkshake with the straw. “So you burned your apartment down? I’m still missing something, I think.”
wasn’t sure that he was actually truly
“Oh, come on.”
“I’m going out tonight,” he said at dinner, breaking the silence. They were seated across from each other at a long kitchen table, an open two-liter bottle of Coke going flat with the cap off. Tony had ordered Italian delivery from a place he claimed Steve used to love. Apparently, the tiramisu had been his favorite. Steve didn't remember. Steve poked at a pile of pasta without eating anything while Tony very conspicuously pretended not to count his every bite.
"Calibrated. Sending test frequencies through the portal."
Tony made eggs in a cast iron skillet the next morning, awake before Steve. For the first time in a while, he slept like the dead.
“I’ll do my best. Don’t be a stranger.”
He'd have to find a way to survive that.
“You’ll have to talk to Fury, you’ll have to clear it with SHIELD, this stuff is all on lockdown—”
"Hey. You gotta eat. Did you get in late last night?"
But then, staring at that map, Tony had an idea.
his face clumsily in Tony’s shirt. The weight of him almost knocked them both off the bar stools they were seated in. Tony grunted and caught them both, wrapping his arms around Steve and righting them.
"Promise you'll be here when I come back?"
Tony’s mouth tightened. He looked down at his plate, and then at Steve with painstaking earnestness, “I don’t mean to make you feel— smothered. I’m sorry if I do. It isn’t my place.”
Arnim Zola and his underlings had opened a portal to another dimension— Dimension Z, named for its ruler— inside the subway. They’d taken Steve alone in the first subway car, claiming that it was too full to accommodate them both, leaving Sharon waiting to catch the next train across town to the restaurant where the couple had intended to enjoy Steve’s birthday dinner.
and, like many others lost, he would no longer be able to conjure the sound.
“What? I don't get it, what did you feel? Is it Zola, is he alive, what is it?” he asked. Jet slowly shook her head, and her dark mouth curled up into a smile. She started laughing. Tears were running down her cheeks. Steve was still frozen. Wordless, staring at the blue light.
It hadn’t even occurred to Tony. He hadn’t thought much of what Steve had been eating, and he was suddenly overwhelmed with curiosity about the ecosystems and terrain of the other place. It was entirely the wrong time to ask, so he held his tongue.
Steve’s room had a double bed made up in fresh sheets. There was a walk-in closet stocked with fresh uniforms, gym clothes, formal wear, sleep wear, and jeans. Tony stood anxiously just inside the doorway as Steve wandered through the room, drifting from place to place, touching the bed. Looking inside the closet. Trying to open a window.
“Need a hand?” Tony said. He ironed the bill flat on the edge of the vending machine and fed it into the slot. The buttons lit up and Tony smiled tiredly. “I highly recommend the salt and vinegar chips. Pairs nicely with chocolate milk.”
“You know you don’t need to.”
Tony opened his mouth and hesitated; would it be inappropriate to offer to stay? He knew how it may come across. Sharon, freshly dead, and Tony whisking Steve into his apartment, trying to keep him company in the shower. It wasn’t at all how he meant it. He was just worried about leaving Steve alone, period— let alone overwhelmed with new things that he may have forgotten about in the wilderness.
Tony’s chest tightened.
FR: Sent, boss. I’ll tell you when the files are opened.
“Steve likes salt and vinegar,” Tony said, “He says it’s ‘spicy.’”
In her place was an unknown woman, black hair, approximately five foot six inches, one hundred and twenty pounds, wearing an unknown uniform and horns. Attempts to identify the woman were unsuccessful; her face was not on file in any SHIELD database.
[END OF TRANSCRIPTION]
Steve knew the cause was Zola’s experiment, and he knew that though the serum continued to be inhibited, that effect had lessened dover the years and he expected that eventually, it would go back to normal.
“I know better than most about the serum, Pym. Cap’s strong, but this… I don’t know how he got back up from this kind of beating.” He sounded sad. Pym flicked off the light. He stood with his hip cocked watching the machines steadily chug away. It was the highest level of technology available, the best of the best, yet it was hardly a comfort. Despite Steve having not gone anywhere that SHIELD could figure, and nothing actually
It was not a hallucination. He knew Ian wasn’t real: not a delusion, but penance. Every time he imagined his son’s voice it became more warped. Eventually the memory would become completely corrupted
“Is it okay? I can order something else,” Tony offered.
next, poofed back to the station.
“She’s tough as nails,” Tony agreed, but he had a bad feeling. It felt like bad luck to speak his doubt aloud, but if Steve was in critical condition, how could Sharon fare much better? He had to hope it was just luck.
“What makes you so certain?”
“Me neither. But what choice do we have?”
Tony looked like he was just waiting for Steve to ask. “Today? Tour of the vineyard. You’ll get to taste the grapes. I’ll show you the distillery. Then, if you’re up for it, there’s a picnic spot up the mountain a bit. We can hike, but I’m told it’s better on horseback.”
The two blips representing Steve and Sharon descended a level into the station, standing stationary for a few moments. With a swiping gesture, Tony sped up the playback. “Look. He gets on the train, Sharon stays there. Then she gets on one. Then the trains move but their signals get— well, look.”
“Welcome home,” Tony said when they arrived, the house appearing out from behind a row of grapes.
"A portal," Tony repeated softly. "It's what I've been working on."
“And why’s he cuffed to the table?” he demanded. Bruce rubbed his temples.
That was when the elevator door opened with a
He traced a fingertip across the etched surface of the watch cover. It was a map of the world. He smiled tiredly looking at the few locations that had been darkened on the map. A map of love conquests. Sex tour around the world. Stupid.
“—Got it. Got it.” Sam paused, dumping sugar into his coffee and swirling it around with a spoon. “And now he just wants to get right back to work like nothing happened.”
The most startling thing was that nothing changed.
When his back hit the mattress, something heavy tumbled out of the pocket and bounced across the floor. Tony sat up, puzzled. On his hands and knees, he crawled around until he found it under the dresser. Cool and round in his hand, surprisingly heavy for is size, it was the pocket watch Tony had never given Steve. By now, it was far too late to give as a birthday gift and Tony had convinced himself the premise was stupid, anyways. He laid back in bed, kicking his pants off and holding it in his palm.
