Joanna follows the music to the room at the end of the hall. The door is open, and inside she sees a frail woman lying in a homecare hospital bed, her eyes closed. Her hair is long and inky black, her face sharp-angled and fair. Joanna knows her at once, though they have never met.
Violet Holmes died twenty years ago, but Morland Park remembers her still. It remembers her like this: breathing slow, shallow breaths in a bed built for the dying, her eyes closed as she listens to her son play his violin.
, Philip called it. She quickly proved him wrong.
She sews three stitches of blue thread in the palm of her hand, blue beside white beside black. When it’s done, the shadow on the door points her needle towards its heart.
“I can make her leave,” he says, “if you like.”
“If he did,” she says, “I didn’t see him.”
“The position of the sofa cushions, more likely.” He looks down at the book again. “Do sit, Doctor. Your leg must be paining you.”
, she writes back, and sticks out her tongue.
“It’s healing well,” he says. “Will it scar?”
The waitress kicks them out before they have time to do much damage, and they stumble out onto the street, breathless with laughter. Sherlock slouches elegantly against a lamppost, smirking as she tries to shake the bit of pork free from inside her top. It involves an embarrassing amount of hopping on her part, and he starts to snicker.
It’s a fair question, and one she doesn’t have an answer for. She rubs her prickling palms against her trousers, her gun snug in the space at the small of her back. “Fine,” she says. “But I go first.”
Joanna rips a weed free with rather more than the necessary amount of violence and tosses it into the growing pile. “Why aren’t you teaching Harry? She’s older.”
An unnatural silence follows. Joanna breathes carefully, gratefully, and listens as the others do the same. Sherlock is gripping her hand.
,” he hisses, jerking back. “You could have warned me.”
“Then you may take me as well,” the girl Agamede said, “and save yourself the journey later.”
“Well, excuse me, Miss Glinda. For some reason no one ever bothered to fill me in on the proper terminology.” Harry heaves her handbag into her lap and pulls out her mobile. She slaps it onto the table between them. “Take it. It’s 2010; no one uses a landline anymore.” She stands, folding her coat over one arm. “You know, if you end up dying in a gutter somewhere I’m going to be terribly annoyed.”
Somehow Joanna manages not to roll her eyes.
When Sherlock finds her five minutes later, he drops a wad of crumpled blue paper at her feet – strips from her tattered jumpsuit, caught in thorns and brambles as she ran. She looks up at him, and he gives her a thin, unhappy smile. His skin is flushed with exertion, and he has dead leaves in his hair. When he speaks, his voice is tight with anger.
she thinks.
Breathing gets suddenly easier, though the smell remains; Mrs Hudson must have found something to cover her mouth and nose. Joanna closes her eyes and tries to see her, to reach out through the warding spell.
When daylight filled the cottage, the girl went to the window for the third time and met Death with her stubborn chin raised high. “The hermit lives,” she said, and behind her the old man sighed in his sleep.
“Yes. For a person not sentimental about much else.” He gives her the recipe book, shifting its weight into her hands. “My mother died when I was sixteen.”
Mycroft’s careful composure is as difficult to read as ever, but it has a forced quality that unsettles her. She pauses inside the doorway and meets his eyes. “You’re frightened for him, aren’t you?”
Harry snores softly from the other side of the room, coiled in blankets and sleeping like the dead. Joanna creeps past, down the staircase to the front hall and the lamp-lit kitchen. She drags a chair from the table to the cluttered shelves above the oven, wincing at the scrape of wooden legs over tile, and when she stands on the edge she’s just tall enough to reach the top shelf.
Gran lies back on the sofa and draws a hand over her closed eyes. She’s still shaking. “I was sending a message. I wanted—” Joanna holds a cup of lukewarm tea to her lips, and she takes a reluctant sip. “I wanted to make myself clear.”
Joanna clambers up the stone steps to the house, but she pauses just before she goes inside. She turns back to meet her grandmother’s sun-narrowed eyes. “Gran, do you think it’ll be a long time before I learn how to unlock the attic door?”
, she says without sound, and when the muscles of her throat clench and rebel she claps a hand over her mouth and forces herself to choke it down. She swallows, eyes streaming, and the second splinter joins the first.
“Yes. Except for the—” Joanna wiggles her fingers. “Not really my style.”
“Um,” Joanna says, exchanging a bewildered look with Sherlock. “Sorry?”
Joanna slides out of bed, and he looks up. He nods politely. “Hello, Joanna,” he says, the depth of his voice muffled by the glass. “Enjoying your evening?”
Joanna takes an unconscious step toward her, her fingers twitching. “Can I?”
Joanna shrugs. “I wasn’t.”
“You don’t want to know.” She looks down at her mobile again. “Your grandmother’s house is still one of the most heavily warded buildings in Greater London. Anything you want to keep from Moriarty is safer there than in Baker Street.”
“He wants you dead,” Joanna says. The tree writhes and creaks above them, branches forcing their way through the ceiling and into the rooms above. Her roots dig deeper into the foundation. “If the gun hadn’t jammed, he would’ve killed you.”
“One of your better attempts, certainly,” Sherlock says, and before she can object he’s scooped her off the floor and into his arms, carrying her back to the bed like she’s a newly-wed sack of bloody potatoes. She covers her face with her hand and groans.
“And what exactly,” he says through his teeth, “would you suggest I do instead?”
“Shut up.” He sets her down on the bed entirely too gently, her back against the headboard and the blankets tucked around her hips. His expression is anything but gentle. “You’re an idiot.”
“Almost always, yes.” Mycroft looks down, smoothing his already perfect tie. “Mrs Hudson has asked me to speak with you. Again.”
“You do not.”
“Gone off, has it?” asks a nearby PC, steadying Joanna with a hand on her arm.
Just below the highest eave of the house is a small window, round and fixed with red and yellow-stained glass. It’s blacked out on the other side, she knows, keeping the room cool and dark, but even so she finds she can almost picture the colour and shape of the sunlight as it streams across the attic floor. As it catches the silvered glass of the mirror.
“Long night?” He fixes her with a bleary sort of glare. “Right, sorry,” she says in an exaggerated whisper. “Tea.
Harry sits back in her chair, scowling, and for a moment looks about fourteen years old. “That’s cheating, and you know it. Using Gran’s voodoo voice tricks – it’s a rotten way to win an argument.”
The boy was a rich man’s son, but you and I know that Death cannot be bought; though the rich man’s doctors fed the boy elixirs and potions and rubbed him all over with salves, the boy still burned with fever. The doctors shook their educated heads and the rich man wept his costly tears and Death waited in the street below, as patient as a king.
Mycroft stares at him, his face blank with surprise. “Sherlock—”
Three more leaves shoot from the splinters in her arm, filmy and green and curling down to the black puddle of blood spreading slowly across the table.
The sound of his voice flickers, then fades entirely. But the conversation hadn’t ended there. Mrs. Hudson had told him that if he was going to act like a child, she was going to treat him like one. She’d confiscated the skull again, as well as every corrosive chemical compound in the kitchen.
, Sherlock once called it. Moriarty will give her the opening she needs; she only has to wait.
“Oh, so you
does not come inside.
, it says.
He closes the door behind him as he leaves. Joanna stands beside the table, watching Sherlock as he waits for the sound of his brother’s footsteps to fade. He sits motionless in his chair, research forgotten. His finger is still bleeding.
He knows she is; the sedatives have made her head pound and her throat feel like sandpaper, raw and desert dry. She swallows and feels the grind. “It was something in her books, wasn’t it? Something you wanted to know.” His grip tightens on the bottle, and Joanna grins. “I’m right, aren’t I? Seostris knew, and she killed herself to keep it from you.”
The assistant frowns, still staring through her Blackberry. “Certainly. What little magical control she once learnt she’s clearly forgotten.”
That night Joanna lies awake until just after moonrise.
,” she says, but she cannot make herself say all of it, even when he cannot hear. Her fingers brush his cheek, his jaw; she feels the bristle of his growing beard and the soft heat of his skin and then she is slipping down through the cracks in the foundation, past cold earth and clay and deep into the waiting water.
to respond to her questions, no matter how invasive.
Three neat stitches. She pulls them tight and draws the remaining thread out to its full length, the needle glinting at its end. Then she drops it.
He frowns. “You believe that one of Moriarty’s men followed you here.”
Joanna takes a pair of latex gloves from her coat pocket and snaps them on. Her examination of the body reveals no obvious external signs of cause of death – no blood, no bruising beyond the expected lividity, no indication of any injury whatsoever. She leans close and smells the mouth and hands. They stink of datura.
For the first time since she regained consciousness, Joanna feels the panic beneath the rising adrenaline. She refuses to call it fear – not now, with her hands and feet bound and his hungry, mocking eyes fixed on hers. She meets his gaze evenly, unflinching. “My dear dead gran would have ripped you to pieces.”
“What happened?”
Sherlock’s needle is the third, the last, and when she sews the first blue stitch in the skin of her palm Baker Street disappears. She sees Sherlock Vernet Holmes crouched beneath a bridge in a rain-soaked circle of huddled strangers, his familiar features disguised. She sees his face and hears his hiss of breath as he startles, miles away through the city and the dark. His lips form the silent shape of her name.
Gran rolls her eyes toward the sky, as if asking it for patience or mercy or a conveniently timed lightning bolt. Joanna starts to giggle again; her grandmother is hilarious. “I most certainly am not,” Gran says, peevish. “And be careful of the thyme as you get up – your little stunt woke some of the perennials.”
The orphan girl promised this easily, without hesitation. She took the yellow wax candle and ran away from the little black house and the grove of white trees. She ran out of the dark heart of the wood, into the town, and up the street that led to the rich man’s house.  Death waited still at the door; the orphan girl ran past him and up the stairs to the boy’s sickroom.
There was so much power in it. She’d never wanted the feeling to end.
she tells him, the voice fading.
“No,” Gran says, her face set like weathered stone. “I’ve given you time enough, Joanna. We’ve much to do, and we are none of us getting any younger.” She points her cane to the staircase. “Kitchen. Now.”
“Snotty,” Joanna mutters, just under her breath, and weaves her way through stacks of boxes and crates and disassembled furniture. The dust grows thicker as she passes from the mid- to the early nineties, and then, from the corner of her eye, she sees her grandmother’s kitchen table.
. It makes you sound like a moron.”
Sometimes, her grandmother has said, in the simplest, strongest of magics that’s all that’s required – a sacrifice and an intent. Her blood, and his words.
A hand touches her shoulder. “Watson?”
“Joanna,” Gran says, sounding tired, “what is it, exactly, that you’re looking for?”
Her legs give out and she lands hard on her knees, gritting her teeth against the pain. It’s not enough. They need more time. She didn’t give them enough time.
“True,” he says, and then he reaches a long-fingered hand beneath the child’s ribs and rings the bell.
She holds out her hand, offering him her scarred palm. “You’re the detective,” she says. “You tell me.”
“Mrs Hudson!” he bellows suddenly, at the top of his lungs, and Joanna nearly falls on her arse in surprise. Only his grip on her waist keeps her upright. “
The house is familiar in glimpses, in imperfect fragments of bedroom and kitchen and corridor – a half-remembered past seen only out of the corner of her eye. When they were children she gave little thought to the house Sherlock showed her in the mirror, the tall wood posts of his bed and the bright crystalline blur of the chandelier that hung over the dining room table. It hangs there still, dark and swaddled in thick strips of white cotton. Shielded from the dust. Joanna sits beneath it and watches her sister eat crackers from a plastic sleeve, alone and sleepless in the grey early hours of the morning.
Adrienne sighs. “You’re oversimplifying. Turn around.”
“Don’t need what?” Harry bites out. “A crutch?”
“Madame Viola Seostris,” she hears Lestrade say from a room down the hall. “Aged 57. Legal name was Eileen Farmer. Client found her this morning – the door was unlocked.”
“Magic,” Moran says, almost gently. “I felled the tree with magic.”
“Of course he’s bloody well going to kill me,” Joanna says, grinning wide enough to make her cheeks ache. “Less than twelve hours ago I put a psychotic criminal mastermind in a headlock for the man, and God only knows what I’ll be doing for him twelve hours from now; I hardly need some ancient magical artefact to tell me how
Joanna recoils, her eyes wide and sightless and stinging with dust. She thinks she must have died on the desert road to Kandahar, must have died and been sealed inside the oak still bleeding. The bullet still in her shoulder and the pain still spreading, burning the hardened bark from her neck and chest and stomach and exposing the fragile worm-white skin beneath. She doesn’t remember how to breathe.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” she says. “Eliot.” She crosses to the sofa and lifts an empty file folder from his face. It has the words
Joanna is completely unsurprised when she opens the door of the waiting town car and finds Adrienne already inside, tapping at her Blackberry.
She gives Sherlock’s shoulder a weak shove. “Put me down.”
“You did. You started my heart again with your own two hands. I told him that.” His grip on Sherlock’s throat eases slightly. Sherlock breathes deeper, and Joanna breathes with him. “You know what he said?”
“It’s the only thing in the room without twenty years worth of dust on it.” She walks over, the floorboards creaking under her boots, and touches the glass with one finger. It comes away clean. “No one’s been up here for ages. Did you wash it?”
Joanna looks down at her hands. “I was afraid you’d tell me not to use it.”
Sherlock’s footsteps are slow on the stairs, and when her bedroom door opens he leans inside, a new shape in the darkness.
, Joanna says, and places the first splinter of yew on her tongue.
The sun rose, and the widow polished the stone until it gleamed like glass in the morning light. When she looked at the stone she saw her own old face, and she saw the grove of white trees, but she did not see her beloved.
The world shifts.
Gran pushes herself out of her chair, leaning heavily on her cane. “I suppose you want a reward of some kind, then.”
Boyle falls dead to the floor.
– it matters. A lot more than you’d think.” She swallows and ignores the ache. “It might save Sherlock’s life, Mrs. Hudson. It might save yours. I wouldn’t lie about that.”
Joanna hesitates on the landing, stuck halfway between the flat and the front hall. She licks her lips. “You don’t have to stay for this part,” she says. “Not if you don’t want to.”
Moriarty studies her for a long moment, eyes dark, his face stripped of any pretence of emotion. “You would beg for his life, I think. I’m not certain you would for your own.” He reaches out and touches her cheek. Two fingers, warm against her skin. “Joanna, don’t you want to know what I’m going to do with you?”
Moran nods. “Yes,” he says. “I did.” He looks over his shoulder at Mrs Barrow. “I’m prepared to fulfill my part of the arrangement, Amelia, if you’d like to join us.” He glances at Sherlock. “And you, Mr Holmes.”
“No,” he says. “No, I wouldn’t think so.” He looks away, his bright eyes focusing on the great oak above her. “If you still intend to kill me, Joanna, you should do it now.”
He hesitates, but only for a moment. “Small things, mostly. There are indications in your relationship with your sister, the way you dress, your independent habits – particularly concerning money. And then there’s your hair, of course.”
going to end.” She shakes her head, drying her eyes with the edge of her sleeve. “Oh, what a relief. I thought for sure all this was going to mean something awful once I sorted it out.”
Sherlock frowns. “You passed,” he says, and it’s almost a question.
Joanna learns quickly that the surest way to draw Sherlock’s attention to a thing is to hide it.
She copies the sigils from her grandmother’s book, tracing and retracing each curve and line until her fingers ache. She writes sigils for safety and strength to hide in the lining of his jackets, charms for speed and sure-footedness to secret beneath the soles of his shoes. She sews anonymity into his disguises, and shadows into the dark wool of his coat.
“This is about you,” Thompson says. “Though we can talk about Sherlock, if you like.” She rests her chin on her open palm, a posture of deliberate interest. It’s more irritating than it should be. “Has sharing a flat made you feel less isolated from – what did you call it – the ‘real world’? Life after the war?”
“Moran?” Sherlock says, his voice sharp. His face is still turned away. “Why would
A house that size is never really quiet. Her grandmother’s house groaned and murmured and sighed as they slept, and Morland Park is no different. Joanna walks the long corridors and listens to the mournful sound of the wind in the chimneys, the settling creak of floorboards and the whispers inside the walls. It sounds almost like speech, or music; Joanna thinks of Baker Street and its city sounds, its groans and grumbles in the night. Clinking dishes in the kitchen and the faint electric hum of the bathroom lamp. His steady pacing footsteps, and the piercing tones of his violin.
“You’re insane,” Adrienne says flatly.
They walk side by side up the drive to the house and push past the officers standing on the front steps. They stop abruptly when they see the sign on the door.
“I don’t know about that,” Adrienne says, leaning against the door of unit number 339. “From here it looks as if it’s doing its job rather well.”
“No, love,” Violet says, her voice terribly gentle. “Don’t wait. Play it for me now.”
“Hold on,” Lestrade says, stepping forward. “Are you saying this was an accidental overdose?”
“Harry, you don’t understand what you’re asking.”
“One of them. The one I needed.” He coils the ribbon around his finger, loose at first, then tight enough to bleach the skin white. “The late Madame, while an unremarkable Seer, was quite the talented historian. Her passion was genealogy – bloodlines and inheritances.” He twists the ribbon again, and the book groans with the strain. “But magical genealogy is a difficult business, what with the secrecy and the paranoia and that tricky period last millennium when most of you were hanged or burned at the stake. Or drowned.” The ribbon rips free in a hiss of old silk. “The innocent sink, and the damned rise to the surface – that’s how it goes, isn’t it? It’s been so long since I saw a proper drowning.”
Whatever it is he’s after, she hopes he gives her a little warning before it blows up in their faces.
Joanna steps through to the outer room. “Thank you, Mycroft. For the car.”
Sherlock looks at her, his expression strangely awkward. Almost gentle. “She was ill, Joanna. She’d stopped taking her medication.”
, says the next.
She undoes the button and zip on his trousers and reaches for one of the towels. “And how did that turn into a midnight dip in a koi pond?”
she thinks, and hears the words in her father’s voice.
Sherlock looks up from the body and meets her eyes. “Your thoughts, doctor?”
“You look for me,” Joanna says. “You must, or I’d never see you at all.”
He sits on the edge of her bed, disturbing the tight precision of the sheets. For a long moment he doesn’t say anything at all. Then he nods at the disassembled shell of the Browning, the frame and slide in her hands. “Enjoying yourself?”
“Worse,” Adrienne says, moving on to the next box. “Her prized collection of Barry Manilow albums.”
,” Mycroft says, sitting back in his chair, “is Sebastian Moran, a devoted confederate of the man you know as James Moriarty.”
Joanna flushes. “With
“You never did.”
“Hmm?”
,” she says. His name sits thickly on her tongue. There’s a long silence.
“How do you—” Joanna stops, shaking her head. “Never mind. I don’t want to know.” She pushes herself out of the chair. “You’re sure I won’t be followed? Those town cars aren’t as inconspicuous as you think.”
His hair is dark, his child’s face moon pale. She sees his fingertips pressed against the glass, tapping. Trying to reach her from the other side.
Joanna looks up and sees the other woman standing above her, lips pressed in a bloodless expression too sharp to be a smile. The book lies open between them, clutched in Joanna’s white-knuckled hands. “I forgot this,” Joanna says, and the pages buckle in her grip. “How did I forget this?”
Harry smiles. It isn’t a particularly pleasant expression. “She frightened him. She frightened a lot of people, you know that.”
send someone to help us?”
He scowls at her. “I already apologised for that. You can’t bring it up if I’ve apologised.”
The shadow on the door moves, guiding Joanna’s hand to the dark silhouette of its face; she presses the fire-threaded needle into the wood, just between its eyes. She shudders, bound to the shadow by the length of black thread and flame stretched between them, and reaches for the next needle.
“Yes?”
“This is
Of course. Only children and the mad believe in magic. She looks away, the stinging fingers of her left hand curled into a fist. “Antipsychotics?”
Gran laughs, low and pained. “Foolish girl. Of course I have.” She squeezes Joanna’s hand. “The book is yours. The mirror too, if you want it.”
“Joanna, are you—”
Joanna turns over her left hand and looks at the faded scars there, the old wounds crossing the creased lines of her palm. “I don’t think you’ve missed anything,” she says. The words are slow, almost careful. Dream-like. She feels their weight on her tongue. “You’ve seen everything you need to see. You just haven’t found an explanation that fits the evidence.”
It’s half past three on a Thursday afternoon when a strange man knocks on the front door of the house.
, she thinks, a little hysterically; behind her, a lamp switches on.
“She was afraid of someone. Someone who wanted what was in those books.”
“Ugh,” Sherlock groans from the sofa, hidden beneath a blanket of books and open files. “
Sherlock snorts. “Hardly. Datura is a powerful, agitating deliriant; her death was clearly a peaceful one, so she must have fallen comatose shortly after she ingested the toxin. Given her past recreational use of the weed, we can assume she knew the difference between an amount that would send her flying through the night on her broomstick and one that would kill her almost instantly. Her overdose was deliberate.”
“Yes, I—” He turns, looking down at the body. “He’s dead.”
“You sent it to me,” Sherlock says, his fingers steepled beneath his chin. “Thirty years ago, from the shop in Peterborough Road.”
Joanna closes her eyes and very carefully doesn’t smack him. “Sherlock, I’m dating Sarah. If I’m going to sleep with anyone—”
, Gran had told her.
The house loves Sherlock the way Sherlock loves his violin, the love of an artist for his art and of a keeper for what is kept. The house will not let Sherlock burn.
She sleeps in the attic that night, curled inside the too-small sleeping bag. She wakes once in the early hours of the morning, half-asleep and breathing warm into the cold; as she rolls onto her side she sees a man’s face in the mirror, his lips slightly parted as he watches her with wide, opiate-dark eyes.
She smiles. “No sane person would call sharing with you convenient.” She turns her head to look over her shoulder at him, but he stops her. Brushes two cool fingers over the forgotten sting of the injection site at her throat, the welt and the bruise. She feels her pulse under his fingertips.
Joanna laughs, the sound dry and humourless. “No, please – let’s talk more about my vivisected intestines. It was doing wonders for my appetite.” She pushes the door open and climbs out. “Wouldn’t have figured you for the type to be sensitive about your age.”
When she returns to the room he’s still sitting on the bed, shirtless and moon pale even in the warm light of the bedside lamp. She moves close, until her knees touch his. “I’ll have to palpate the area around the bruise. It’s going to be painful.”
The oak does not understand.
The corner of the assistant’s mouth twitches. “Shaman, strega, magus, or thaumaturge. Haruspex or sibyl.” She pauses. “Cunning or wise woman.”
“Peter Barrow was the first, chosen merely out of convenience. He was the right age, and I was already familiar with the house, having been a guest here several times. I entered while Amelia was sleeping and took Peter from his bed. He was small, and easy to carry over the wall and into the wood.” Moran reaches out and touches Mrs Barrow’s hand. “Had the matter been less urgent I would of course have taken a stranger’s child instead. I am truly sorry, Amelia, that I had no other choice.”
, Joanna thinks, and forces down her first bite of pasta.
Her victory is a fleeting one; a moment later Adrienne gives her a cool smile, crosses her legs at the knee and leans back as if she’d simply been waiting for an excuse to sit. “Bit weak, but not bad after a twenty year sulk. Cotton or jute?”
Mycroft inclines his head in a slow nod. “And if Moriarty were dead, Sherlock wouldn’t be out there now, readying himself for their next engagement. How wonderfully rational.” He sits back, hands folded over his stomach. “No doubt even Sherlock would approve, if all this weren’t such a terrible secret.”
“The mirror is none of your concern,” he says stiffly, and Joanna laughs. Moss ripples along the broad limbs of the oak.
The boy taps his ear again, irritated, and she shrugs.
“It’s as much your sofa as mine.” Sherlock tugs sharply at the hem of her jumper, and the slice of sweet and sour pork drops to the pavement with a soft splat. He steps back, his hands slipping into his pockets. “Joanna Watson,” he says, as if trying out the sound of it. “You’re more of a mystery than you think.”
Sherlock’s teeth worry absently at his lower lip. “You’re very sentimental about her things.”
“I’m gorgeous,” Harry says. “I’m single for the first time in a decade, my sister’s home from her suicide mission in a desert hell, and my weekly Pilates has done simply
The boy stands, unfurling gracefully from his chair. He’s taller than she is now; if she were standing, she’d only come up to his chin. He walks to the bed and leans over her, his face just above her own. “I’m afraid you haven’t been paying attention,” he says, his voice smooth and touched by the cold certainty in his smile. “I only ever tolerated your presence for the sake of the puzzle you presented. Now that I’m certain you aren’t real, these little visits have become nothing more than an egregious waste of my time.”
A few minutes later Sherlock stops playing abruptly, mid-phrase. He frowns down at his mother. “What?” he says. “What is it?”
“Regular cleaning is an essential part of gun maintenance.” She sweeps a brush along the inside bore of the slide, clearing away a thin sheen of dust and unburned powder.
When the paramedics relieve her some minutes later, Boyle is still dead. Joanna pushes herself to her feet, staggering slightly on numb legs, and finds Sherlock standing at her back. He doesn’t touch her.
She feels Sherlock’s hands – brushing unsteady fingers over her unseeing face, her shoulders, her back – and then he is pulling her from the earth, slowly, carefully, as if he knows how it hurts her.
, the stack of paper says, sounding remarkably like Mrs. Hudson,
She hears the voices and sleeps on, sunk far below where light can reach.
She adjusts her grip on the gun. “How many people have you killed?”
“What?” she says, grinning at him over her shoulder. “A rigorous skin care regimen?”
In the distance a door opens and slowly creaks shut, and Joanna hears footsteps against tile. The muted depth of Sherlock’s voice.
“A mirror.” He flicks it open with his thumb. “Good, it’s intact; I’d worried the fall might’ve cracked it.”
“Yes.” She shifts in her seat, testing the give of the plastic ties. The car windows are tinted near black, but the coloured lights of the street outside flicker as they pass, distorted and indistinguishable. “Are you going to answer it?”
A bell the size of a fist lies behind the child’s ribs, fused to the spine. It hangs where the heart would in a living body, its brass finish stained black with dirt and decay.
“Oh,” she says, her eyes snapping open. “Oh, I’m a fucking genius.”
“I need tea,” he says firmly. “Lots of it. Very hot.”
She doesn’t dream about the boy again.
she says, andswallows.
, she thinks, and forces her eyes to focus. The shadow stretches across the bricks before her, threaded needle held in its ghostly hand. It watches her, a quizzical tilt to its head.
In June Harry moves her things to the slightly shabbier bedroom across the hall. Joanna talks in her sleep, she says, and it keeps her awake at night.
“Probably. But then, I’m also a crime fighting ex-Army witchdoctor, so that may come with the territory.” She pushes herself to her feet. Her leg feels wonderfully solid beneath her, the strongest it’s been all morning. “You’re going to tell Mycroft about this, aren’t you?”
Joanna looks again at the white, curving lines painted on the rubber. “An invisible car?” she says. “Isn’t that a bit dangerous?”
“If I knew what you were looking for, I might be able to help you find it,” Adrienne says, sounding like someone so used to knowing all the answers that she can’t quite remember how to ask a question. Joanna can’t help but notice that she also sounds like someone who needs to blow her nose.
Another chime and the table trembles beneath them; that’s all the warning Joanna gets before three long splinters burst through her forearm in wooden spikes, jagged and wet with her blood. She shudders, impaled on the table like a specimen on display, and as the clock chimes again she looks up from splintered oak and broken flesh and meets Sherlock’s horrified eyes.
“That was one of Helene Russell’s old spells; Watson had no conscious control over it. She wouldn’t last thirty seconds against Moran.” Adrienne looks Joanna up and down with a now-familiar expression of benign disinterest. “We’ll start by recasting the protective wards on your flat. They’ll be more potent if you do them yourself, and we can work from your grandmother’s book.” She sighs. “Better to begin with the familiar, I suppose, since you’ve so effectively crippled yourself.”
In the margins is an old note, handwritten in long-faded ink.
“You realise, of course, that you’re in shock.”
“Doesn’t take a genius to deduce that someone with a hangover might be a bit dehydrated.” She nudges him with her knee. “Thank you for the water.”
“Before they put me in the vest. To unsettle me, I suppose. More psychological warfare.”
Harry swipes a finger along the edge of a nearby box and cringes at the dust. “What are you doing up here, Jo? It’s revolting.”
The wind grows louder and Joanna feels herself slipping down through the fibres of the carpet, sinking into the spaces between the floorboards. The lake waits beneath, hungry for her sleep and for her silence, and there is a part of her that longs for it in turn – longs for the isolation and the cold and the slow sounds of water that fill the undreaming dark.
comes along rather further in, as does the slightly less optimistic
And so Death reached into his cloak and drew out a small book of yellow-edged pages bound in skin, withered and black. The girl took it from him and held it close to her chest. It was as cold in her hands as a slab of ice, and the heat of her skin did not warm it. She smiled.
, she thinks, and Harry was wrong; she hasn’t overdone it, not even close. She has more power than she can use, has magic seething impatiently under her skin, against her teeth and in the wells of her eyes. She’s a cup about to overflow.
If she had answers, maybe she would.
The fire laughs as it watches its heart crumble to ash in the shadow’s fist; laughs as the flames of its body gutter and die in the sudden dark. The laughter fades with the light, and the shadow goes with it. Joanna hears the ping of the sewing needle as it falls to the bricks.
The man was a hermit, and he lived alone in a small cottage in the forest. A young girl was gathering wild-growing herbs in the shade of the trees, and when she saw Death waiting outside the cottage door, she took up her basket and went to him.
When she wakes again the room is empty, the window dark. She pushes herself up by her elbows and sits, the quilt draped across her lap. A vase of wilted flowers rests on the bedside table.
by Crowley, Gardner, and Waite. Aleister Crowley’s
Harry’s face goes still and quiet and shuttered, and Joanna hates herself for it, a little. “Yeah,” Harry says, looking away. “Of course. Good idea.” She hesitates, then takes a step into the room. “You want some company?”
“Your mother gave you your violin,” Joanna says, spreading a careful layer of grease on the guide rails of the Browning’s frame. “Is that why you play?”
Joanna turns around. The building rises tall above her, its featureless stone façade almost deliberately bland. She turns toward the street and sees one of Mycroft’s town cars waiting for her, door open. Adrienne is already inside, staring at the screen of her Blackberry.
“Why not? I learned my lesson.” She tugs the skirt up over her knees and around her hips, tilting gracelessly onto Sherlock’s side of the little seat. He shifts away, closer to the window. It makes her want to laugh at him, to jeer, to rip at the open tears in his trousers and slip her fingers between the buttons of his ragged shirt.
“The future will take care of itself, my dear. It always does.”
And then it’s gone, and she finds herself standing at the old wall that marks the edge of the wood.
“I’m not stopping you, am I? Just giving my opinion.” She nudges the base of Joanna’s spine with her cane. “Though I suppose you’re too ‘mature’ now to need an old woman’s advice.”
Gran slaps her cane hard against the leg of the table, and Harry jumps. “I am not
The boy in the entrance hall had been a memory, a half-forgotten echo of the house around them; this Sherlock is a grown man badly in need of a shower and a shave, as real and as present as the Joanna Watson sleeping in the bed upstairs.
“I always choose Sherlock,” Joanna says without quite meaning to, and passes out.
Lestrade hurries over, but Sherlock’s already elbowed the tech out of the way, his white-gloved fingers clearing the last of the soil from the chest cavity. A breath whistles through his teeth. “Joanna. Look.”
The witch shrugged her bony shoulders. ‘I may be a witch,’ she said, ‘but Death is Death. Some things cannot be changed.’
Sherlock turns away, feigning sudden interest in the stack of file folders on the table in front of him. “Then you can kindly ask Mrs Hudson to stop meddling and piss off.” He elbows an enormous leather bound book off the table, and it lands on the stone floor with a heavy thud. “Again.”
“You’re a key component of the spell it’s feeding on, Sherlock – as far as that fire is concerned, you’re about as magical as it gets.” She pauses, letting the blood pool in her palm. “Also, I sewed protection spells into all of your clothes.”
“You know, your Madame Seostris used to tell me stories,” Moriarty says, his voice soft in her ear. “She knew all the good ones – cursed boxes and poisoned cups, hands of glory and the wasting rings. All the nasty little things hidden away in cellars and crypts, unwanted and forgotten. She’d tell me where to find them, and I’d pay her such a lot of money. Until that inevitable day when she found the one thing I really wanted, and then decided she didn’t want to share.” For a moment, all she hears is the hiss of his breath, deceptively close. “Joanna, do you know the story of Agamede’s Mirror?”
Moriarty stretches his legs, pushing himself away from her and back against his seat. He takes a long drink of water, his throat working as he swallows. He licks his lips when he’s done and holds out the bottle. “Thirsty?”
The hallway is empty, narrow – polished old wood floors and ivory-papered walls, all spotlessly clean. “Sherlock?” she says, but the hallway is as quiet as the room behind her. She glances back over her shoulder and sees the long strip of light that falls across the bed, illuminating her own sleeping face.
“But you’ve killed before.”
Sherlock opens the door and jumps out of the car, Joanna barefoot right behind him. They weave through cars until they hit the pavement at a run, Sherlock leading the way as they fly past people and shops and streetlamps. They turn onto Baker Street and nearly collide with the hushed crowd watching from the barricades.
“Oh dear,” she says. “I suppose that means he’ll be early too.”
,” he says, and his mother coughs a little, trying to hide a laugh. Sherlock slides the violin under his arm and pours a glass of water from the pitcher on the bedside table. “Stop it,” he says, pressing the glass into her thin hands. “You’ll send yourself into another fit.”
The starling’s bones are still buried in the garden, beneath the hawthorn tree.
“I thought I knew what you needed from me,” he says. “But Mycroft was right. I am out of my depth.”
Joanna chuckles, looking away. There’s little humour in the sound. “Well, then,” she says, “I suppose it’s a good thing I’ve plenty to spare.”
He fixes her with a cool, reptilian stare. “I didn’t need to ask. I knew.”
“Klepto,” she says, letting affection mask the tremor in her voice. “Sit down. I’ll go fetch it.”
“Drink the water. I’ll be back in a minute.” Joanna doesn’t wait to see if she’ll obey; she slips out the bedroom door and onto the landing above the stairs. The floorboards are cold beneath her bare feet.
“You mean, you
Joanna has a vague memory of a spell on the front door that chased off a pushy Bible salesman; that was years ago now, but the house is old and that sort of magic tends to linger.  She shrugs. “What I want isn’t at the house.”
The oak can feel Sherlock trying to tear his way free of her roots, can feel his hands ripping through her skin and the green flesh beneath. He does not know that he hurts her. He does not understand how she has changed. The oak tries to speak to him, to explain, but he cannot hear her. He does not know that he is safe.
,” she says, to no one and for no particular reason. Then she says it again, louder, just because she can. Magic is
Joanna had asked that first night, when Sherlock told her the cabbie’s story. When she first heard the name Moriarty.
Sherlock pauses, a twitch of a smile at the corner of his mouth. “Do you doubt my reasoning?”
,” Harry says, holding back Joanna’s knotted hair as she vomits again, tasting earth and loam. Something hard in her chest shakes loose, softens, and in one long hissing breath she exhales a dark cloud of wood dust. It lingers in the air before her like a shadow.
“Mrs Hudson,” she gasps, coughing and shoving at the back of Harry’s seat. “The wards.
“Why?” Adrienne says. “Because you’ve denied yourself for so long that you’d rather let a homicidal maniac strap explosives to your chest than use magic to stop him?”
Joanna shoves her shaking hand into her trouser pocket and forces herself to stand upright, pride overruling the pain. “I know what you’re trying to do, and you’re wasting your time.”
“You should have left me,” Joanna says, her voice ruined. “You should have—”
“That’s not what she means, Sherlock.” Joanna is suddenly aware of the gun at her waist, and the distance between Sherlock and the door. The clock in the next room begins to play the Westminster Chimes, each note round and clear as it echoes through the house. Mrs Barrow’s watery eyes go wide behind her spectacles.
Sherlock rips open the plastic dry cleaning bag, revealing several of Harry’s absurdly expensive tailored suits. “Your arm isn’t bleeding.”
The old woman ushers them down the corridor and into a brightly lit kitchen. If this is a ‘mess’, Joanna has never seen one like it – every surface in the room has been scrubbed spotlessly clean, from the stove to the worktops to the broad wooden table and its charming little vase of purple flowers.
He doesn’t say anything more, and Joanna grits her teeth. “
Harry grins. “I don’t,” she says. “And you won’t either.” She slams the gearshift into drive, and Joanna turns to watch as the house fades from sight.
There are mentions of rare objects
“Two flunkies, actually. Instep and dislocated fingers.”
“A favour you can return when my own manipulative elder sibling next comes to call.” He takes a step back, out of the light. “I’ll send her up. Goodnight, Joanna.”
She listens anyway.
“Choose your gift,” Death said, “and choose wisely.”
The handle of her cane has warmed beneath her white-knuckled grip; she relaxes her fingers, one by one. “I was shot,” Joanna says. “Sometimes I dream about it. Sometimes, after I dream about it, I come here and tell you how it made me feel.” She raises her trembling left hand. “I talk about it. It isn’t helping.”
“This should be with you or your sister,” she says, her eyes on the long columns of names and dates burnt black into the wood. “It’s meant to be used.”
A broken mirror lies on the floor at his feet, its frame surrounded by a circle of shattered glass. Joanna stands behind him, her hands tucked in the pockets of her dressing gown.
Joanna is drowning.
“I did.”
She’d forgotten magic could feel like this. It’s
Mycroft walks to the table, his hands tucked in his pockets. “What we’re facing now,” he says, “has very little to do with fairy tales.”
“Fantastic,” Sherlock says, his voice bone dry. “Not even through the front door, and already I’ve two suspects in mind.”
Soon she comes to other recipes.
, but Harry is no longer listening. She jerks the handle of the axe back and forth, widening the gap, wedging the blade further into the dark. The pain is like a bullet, like the first sudden shock of impact and the cold realisation that follows. The oak gasps for breath and fills her mouth with sand.
he says in that rattling voice. “
“Because,” Joanna says, “that’s where the suicide note is.”
Sherlock takes a step closer, frowning. “You’ve gone pale. Why?”
“Git,” she says, and doesn’t bother to warm the metal diaphragm before pressing the stethoscope to the goose pimpled skin of his chest.
“No, of course not. Silly me.” Mrs. Hudson looks away, and then looks back again. “That’s more than a little mad, love.”
She finds Sherlock standing outside, looking in. His hand clenches on the doorframe; for a moment he is perfectly still, his shoulders rigid beneath his rumpled shirt. Then he lowers his hand and goes inside.
“You really are.” He raises the cane in front of him, the dark wood splitting his long features in two. His eyes cross a bit as he studies it. “Like you, she carried it with her non-dominant hand to support the leg on the same side – her right. She remained active late into her life despite her infirmity, as is obvious from the soil stains on the lower third of the stem and repeated denting from a high set of stairs.” He looks up, his focus shifting to her with a sudden, exacting intensity. “You must have lived with her for some time. You have a tendency to overstep when climbing a staircase, as if you unconsciously expect a higher riser – a habit common in those who’ve grown accustomed to old houses with tall, narrow stairways.”
, the disease is terminal;
“Let me guess,” Joanna says, standing in the open door. “That’s not your name either.”
Joanna slowly lowers her arms. “Who?”
One leg of the table shatters, splintering into a thick mass of living roots that spill across the kitchen floor and slip into cracks in the tile, digging for earth. The table tips wildly as the other legs follow, stretching long, fibrous fingers into every corner of the room and
,” she tells it, and makes the first stitch deep in the life line of her left hand. Blood wells as she draws the thread through her skin, dying the white silk a deep red.
“Hospital,” Joanna says. “Sherlock’s ribs might be fractured.”
“Joanna,” Thompson says, not for the first time. “What were you thinking of just now?”
Thistles grow up from between her toes and twine about her legs, drawing pinpricks of blood where they scratch her bare skin.
The girl did not hesitate. “I want your book of secrets,” she said, “so that neither I nor any person I love ever need fear you again.”
He must expect her to deny it. Instead she smiles at him, showing teeth. “And you killed Peter Barrow.”
She held his heart once before, circled it with fingers and palm and coaxed it back into life. The flesh of it remembers her, remembers the weight and will of her touch, and just as she once stood beside a blood-soaked operating table in Kandahar and started his heart with her own two hands, she stands now in an abandoned warehouse in East London and stops it.
The stranger is a fair, stiff-backed man in a long camelhair coat. The sky is bright behind him, a peerless autumn blue. Joanna squints into the light, but the details of his face are lost to shadow. He lowers his arm and studies her silently for a long moment.
“It is my life to gamble,” she said, and returned to the hermit’s bedside.
When she turns back, her grandmother is taking her worn leather sewing kit from her cardigan pocket. She opens it and holds up a long silver sewing needle, pinched between her thumb and forefinger. “Best do it now,” she says. “Give things time to settle before we plant.”
At the end, only the attic is left.
She looks up at him from the broken kitchen floor, dripping with sweat in the sudden, sweltering heat of her own magic. Oak leaves curl through her hair. “What did you do to me? Why can’t I remember you?”
She points to the yew-wood cane clutched in Sherlock’s hand.
Mrs. Hudson takes the empty glass. “You think he won’t believe you.”
Instead she listened.
, she says, lips moving soundlessly against earth, and even through the shock some distant, reflexive part of her mind notes the fire of the penetrating bullet wound to her left shoulder, the shattered bone and warm pooling of blood. She breathes in dust.
"I want you to tell me what to do now!"
That he would not extend me the same courtesy at night rankled. I wanted him to rely on me, to come with me, not to be so damned stubborn. His pride was keeping him scrounging for coins, eating half as often as he ought to, and sleeping rough two nights out of ten.
, with the footage of the place the day after it burned? Everyone's going to have seen that. What a disaster. Who's going to want to open a new restaurant with me?"
"Grand," Sherlock said, squeezing John's shoulders.
We went back through the park arm in arm, but this time my walking stick did not touch the ground. Holmes held my hand against his side with a firm press of his elbow, leading me at twice the pace he had set on our way in. We were back at Baker Street in just a few minutes.
Sherlock's eyebrow inched up in consideration, and he made a little note on the edge of the paper. "Yes," he said, slowly. "I am."
"What is it?" He looked down into my face. I could feel his exhale on my cheek and smell the liquor on his breath.
"Can we talk about this privately, Harry?" John asked, caught between furious and mortified.
“Well, for God’s sake, go get him then,” I snapped.
“Lamb vindaloo," Sherlock said, getting up off the bed. He vanished into the toilet as John placed the call.
I said nothing.
And I had agreed. I had agreed so readily, without a peep of protest. Why had I done that?
"Yes."
"1893. I bought it in Montpelier." I lifted my hand. "This one too. Marriage has been legal in France since the 80's; they've always had a more lenient attitude towards the whole thing than we have. Amazing, really, given that the—"
perfectly innocuous conversation with a woman he barely knew, and saw Greg Lestrade and Molly Hooper across the room, frozen in surprise at the sight of them.
"Good," I managed.
As soon as he was done, I tried again. "Sherlock."
"Harry'd have my balls if I got a new business partner so soon," John said.
"Bit off the beaten track, though, isn't it?"
"We're just a wee bit early!" Greg called. "Everybody decent?"
"Pudding, John." Sherlock shifted suddenly and squirmed, digging in his back trouser pocket. John realised he was going for his phone, which was confirmed a moment later when Sherlock pulled it out and put it to his ear. "Mrs Hudson, how is the wall?"
"No…" Watson said. Abruptly he took my hand and pressed it to his breast. "Reverend, please, don't you suppose you could bend a few of those rules?"
I managed to hold back a remark about his also-rising prick, and slipped my hand into his trousers. The fly of his drawers was no match for my questing fingers, and in a moment I touched bare skin and crisp curly hair. Holmes’s cock fit neatly into my hand, smooth and hot and iron hard; he shuddered at the touch, his knees wobbling.
Sherlock set to tidying up the flat kitchen. He'd left a variety of experiments half-finished, some of them more than a week old since he'd had less and less time to work on them as the opening approached. Some of them had true potential for interesting meals, but he had taken notes. He could come back to them. When he heard the shower shut off, he abandoned the dishes and tools half-washed in the sink, waiting for John to come out of the bathroom and go upstairs.
"How long has it been?" Mike asked gently.
When she was gone, he went into the kitchen and found Sherlock mashing peas with unnecessary vigour.
There are and will always be things about John Watson that amaze me: his endless compassion for his fellow human being; his capacity to be astonished by me time and time again; his lamentable talent with a pen that renders us monthly the focus of a great deal of public interest, despite his also-notable penchant for lying professionally. These things strike me as amazing at any time, but then there are the things that render me speechless unexpectedly: a specific angle of sunlight in his fair hair; his cheeky smile after a particularly good witticism; the touch of his lips on the back of my neck. Every day I am reminded what a fortunate man I am to have been interrupted in the middle of my haemoglobin experiment to meet him.
“Good,” Sherlock said, “Fine.”
"All right," he said. "Make it good, Sherlock."
Watson shrugged. "It's the nature of war. I made it through somehow."
I kiss him instead, and his mouth is soft and lush and ferocious under mine. He bites my lip hard and I grip the back of his neck. My fingers dig into the base of his skull; he melts against me.
Eventually they called a halt to the challenge, and the pairs all presented their finished and plated starters. The beetroot salad was simple but extremely aesthetically pleasing, so Hopkins and MacDonald were definitely in the running. The prawn parcels had come out perfectly fried, and the insides were steaming hot and very nicely seasoned, so Patterson and Bradstreet were still in. The lamb was underwhelming, but Barton, Forbes, and Montgomery had made an effort to salvage the dish when they'd realised it wasn't going to work, so that, at least, showed an ability to improvise twice. The other dishes came out well, nicely put together, and John was both pleased with himself for having picked decent cooks and annoyed that they weren't distinguishing themselves more.
a fan."
"I wanted to see the place."
"Jesus. All right." John's tea was cool enough to drink now, so he did. Sherlock sipped at his own mug contemplatively, watching John, until John lowered his cup.
“I know you’ve washed,” I said, a little muffled by the bite I had just taken of his still-covered arse cheek. His skin was hot, even through his drawers.
He disappeared, and I pushed my plate away from me. "By Jove, they must really love the Duncans," I said. "Isn't that refreshing?"
John blanched the shredded kale and took it out again, and then poured the hot water over cous-cous waiting in another pot. He covered it with a plate and went to the window. He was lucky to have a window. It looked out onto the brick wall of the adjacent building, but it let in some sunlight on occasion. For the price, in London, he was lucky to have it.
Once he had finished hugging her back, Sherlock presented her to John, saying, "This is Mrs Hudson, the owner of the building. I mentioned her yesterday. Mrs Hudson, John Watson."
"Get out of my kitchen."
"John—"
Molly's face brightened again. "Well," she said, leaning in a bit, as if they were sharing a secret. "It's Sherlock Holmes, innit? He's amazing. I'm sure he's got twenty incredible ideas for what he wants to do with the desserts, and they're all completely mad. I want to help make them real, whatever they are, no matter how ridiculous."
"Absolutely."
"So you don't remember what I said to you?" He stopped pacing at the window and turned around to face me. He was very pale.
Sherlock banged his fist down on the table. “These are all rubbish!” he cried. “We’ll start over.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. Whores shaved their nethers to discourage vermin and disease. He'd admitted to a few encounters with ladies of leisure. Inference: he'd found that particular arrangement exciting.
He grins. “
When he appears in the doorway, cleared for duty and as pawky as ever, I am faced with the truth. I care for it— him— this machine. It is not the Watson I used to have, but it is as close to Watson as I am ever going to have again. It does not remember every argument we ever had, or every time we made love, but what person does? I will take the gaps in its knowledge and fill them with affection rather than scorn.
I slammed the bedroom door in his face and threw off my nightclothes. My shirt from the night before was still wet, so I found something slightly cleaner, and was able to put myself into some kind of respectable form in a few minutes. Lestrade was having a cup of coffee when I emerged, but he set it down half-drunk as I put on my overcoat and my hat. We didn’t speak until we were in the carriage on the way to the Yard.
"Sarah Sawyer. The bartender I was just interviewing."
"How does that feel?"
He frowns. "Sherlock, you know it isn't illegal?"
"Oh, good heavens, I am sorry," I said. "I shouldn't have asked."
I kissed his ear and squeezed his shoulders. “Some of us were exhausted by our efforts,” I said, breathing in the smell of his tobacco and his pomade and soap, “and those of our dearest companion.”
My legs won't hold me up. I kneel in the grass. My forehead touches the ground, and I am curled up over the last resting place of my heart, as if I never left. This was a mistake. All of it was a mistake. There is nothing for me here, just as there was nothing when he first left me behind. I wonder if I could die of heartbreak all over again—properly this time; no preservation in honey experiments to keep me at risk of being alive again.
"Well, Watson," Holmes croaked, "I trust you are not quite dead."
dressed," he protested.
"Damn it, Sherlock!"
John's face heated all at once, for no reason. Sherlock drew back, leaving a hollow of cold air in his absence, and turned the page. He dragged his pen across the page, crossing something out, and said, "I'm having second thoughts about the avocado and orange soup."
"No," Sherlock said quickly, and squeezed out the gel over his fingers. "It's… it's silicone-based lube."
Jennings had us fill out the license: writing in my name next to John Watson's had a solemnity to it, even though I could barely see. Watson's hand only shook a little. He took it back from us and wrote in the date, our ages and professions, and whatever other pertinent information he needed to record.
We rolled apart so that we were side-by-side on our backs. I realised we would have to clean up before we dried sticky, so I got carefully out of the bed and followed his directions to find a clean towel and his wash basin. We wiped ourselves off and I climbed back in beside him. He rolled at once into my arms, wrapping himself around me and clinging to me with all his limbs.
Sherlock rubbed against him more firmly, giving into the urgent demand of his arousal, and cradled John's head in his hands, guiding him into a deeper kiss. Then he pulled back, waited for John to open his eyes again and smile at him, and then dove down to worry at the thin, tender skin of John's throat with his lips and teeth.
I smiled and kissed his lips. "As you wish." He’d been sorely tried today; even though his sudden collapse this morning had been an affectation, the wrenched wrist and attempted strangulation had been very real.
"Extremely."
There is a solid darkness ahead that grows as we fly on; it is the English Channel, I realise. I've never seen it from such a height. The machine directs the flying car toward the ground, and we skim along just above the paved streets for a few minutes. The night is fading. The machine is looking around as it drives, turning its humanoid head on its metallic shoulders. It isn't wearing anything; it makes no effort to disguise its unreal nature. Its hair is so convincing. I want to reach out and touch it, feel it slide between my fingers, caress the warm scalp between.
"What about my sous chefs? I want them here tomorrow as well."
The crushing feeling in my chest and the fluttering in my stomach was not my area of expertise, so I went to Mycroft. It wasn't his either, but at least together we had a better chance of figuring it out. He lived just across the street from his club in Pall Mall, two miles on foot from my home. I was there in half an hour. It was nearly one in the morning by this point, so the look I got from his housekeeper after a protracted period of waiting was positively frigid.
"Hmm?" Sherlock sounded half asleep already.
had happened, I ought to remember, but I couldn't.
"Oh, piss off," Sherlock snorted. "What did you come here for? The food isn't ready yet, you know."
"Mary Morstan isn't your staff anymore," Sherlock said.
John woke slowly in the grey dawn; the sun was starting to come in the windows, and they hadn't closed the heavy curtains. The gauzy ones, at least, protected his modesty when he got up to solve the problem. Sherlock's room was chilly, but under the covers Sherlock was warm and sleepy, and he gathered John to him once more when John climbed back in. He mumbled in protestation at the touch of John's cold feet, but his breathing evened out again quickly, and John drifted in the dark.
"Give us a tour, eh?" Jim said, smiling shark-like at Sherlock.
"Hmm," he sighed, rubbing his hands up and down my back and shifting his hips to accommodate the weight of my body. My prick was soft against the hollow of his hip, but it perked up a little as he wriggled. He carded one hand up through my hair. I kissed his neck. Under my lips, his pulse throbbed. I kissed him again, letting my lips linger, rubbing my moustache softly under the corner of his jaw. He sighed again, his fingers tightening briefly, and he tipped his chin up to give me permission and more room.
throat and he still sounds like that. The smugness drives my orgasm to the point of inevitability, and I spurt over his long, white hand with a moan. He barely silences me in time, and I am
“Sherlock,” John said, and put down his list. “They’re learning.”
The following scene took place between the narrator and the ward again, only now the ward had a nubile female friend, and the two of them were fondling each other while he watched. I skimmed it, interested in the sapphic content for its similarity to my own relationship, but moved quickly past it, eager for the man from the baths to make a return appearance.
"Jesus," John said to the empty kitchen. Then he remembered there were supposed to be other people in the building. "Dimmock!" he yelled. "Bradstreet! You lot! Where the fuck did you go?"
"Well, you have restored me," Holmes said, and now I felt the swell of his prick against my hip as he pushed against me once more. My own responded, the blood pounding in my veins, and I slipped my hand beneath the hem of his nightshirt to get at his bare skin. His thighs parted easily and he settled on his back, gazing up at me with a fond smile.
"I do want to go home," I said, "but–"
"Well, it has caught fire once already, so I think I can be excused from thinking that, even subconsciously."
And now there was a wedding ring on my finger and a certificate in front of me promising its legitimacy. I wasn't sure I could admit to Holmes I didn't remember any of it. Suppose he'd confessed his long-hidden love for me.
"Harry, don't cry," John said, all the fight gone out of him. She looked up at the ceiling and pinched her lips together in an effort not to do exactly that. She was thinner than she ought to have been, her cheeks hollowed and the purple shadows under her eyes had deepened. Her lips were painted red, but the lipstick had smudged at the corners of her mouth, and her mascara was sloppily done. John remembered her done up for the cameras, how polished and foreign she'd looked, made-up beyond belief so that her natural beauty would show under the lights on the kitchen stage. He, too, had been given a layer of paint, but it had never changed him as much as it changed her. Harry had made friends with her make-up girl and convinced her to teach her a few tricks, but none of them seemed to be doing her any good now.
to, but he'd only met Sherlock Holmes a week ago. Contracts or no, he hadn't quite considered himself committed. Possibly he wouldn't have admitted it to himself, or to anyone else, until they were in the middle of their first dinner service. He should have been the one to tell Harry, anyway. Who had told her? Mike? It didn't seem like a Mike Stamford thing to do. He'd rather sit on the intelligence until their opening night and then say, quietly, to a reviewer, "I introduced them."
Sherlock broke the kiss to hide his face in John's shoulder. He bit at the scar, careful of how much pressure John could stand, and John moaned loudly, surprised. Pleasure roiled in Sherlock's body, deep in his pelvis, in the backs of his straining thighs, low in his stomach. He needed more.
I remember being jealous that Watson thought so highly of being married. I remember remarking that we were practically married ourselves.
He picked up his scalding tea and blew across the top of it. "I haven't even agreed to open a restaurant with you," he said as he put it down again.
"Even," I said. "He wasn't limping. He outpaced you, for heaven's sake."
John pulled his fingers out and replaced them smoothly with the covered head of his prick. The lube was in the crook of his elbow. Sherlock retrieved it and filled his palm; John moaned at the tight grip of his hand. Two strokes was enough, the lube dripping down the length of John's cock, and Sherlock didn't care what happened to the duvet cover where he gripped it as he sank back. John stayed very still, breathing hard, his hands on Sherlock's hips. His face was ruddy, his hairline damp with sweat, his eyes sparkling with his desire for Sherlock. His cock felt huge, splitting Sherlock open, but once Sherlock's arse met the cup of his hips he fit perfectly.
"I want to feel you spend," said he, and I sucked in a desperate breath. His fingers worked over my tip, holding me inside his skin and fucking against me, and his other hand stroking my cock, pulling the orgasm right from the root of me. I shuddered and tensed, my hips rising, and he hissed, "Oh, God, yes," right before I began to spurt.
Inside, the contractors greeted him and showed him the progress of the fume hood and the replacement of the ceiling they'd torn down. It was nearly done, as if they’d worked overnight. Sherlock, they said, was upstairs. They hadn't seen him for a few hours. John went out again and let himself in the B door. There was an unfamiliar voice coming from rooms above, so John took the stairs quietly, listening.
Lestrade was still looking at him, considering. "Aren't you going to ask—?" he started.
John looked down his list. “MacDonald.”
"Is this…" In with both feet, John. "Is this a good idea?" He gestured with the package of bacon to the two of them. "Us? With the restaurant and… everything?"
"And you work in government."
“Oh, it doesn’t matter,” Watson said. “You know I find helping you considerably more fulfilling, even when you do come out of nowhere. Are the police on their way?”
"Good," Mycroft said. "Anyway, I've just come to let you know that Mummy and Daddy are very keen on being invited for your soft open."
"Neither did you."
The compudroid shrugs. The movement is uncomfortably natural on its bulky shoulders.
John interviewed three pastry chefs before he found one that he remotely liked, but she wasn't really what he was looking for. Molly Hooper had a Confectionary Diploma in Chocolate, Sugar, and Pastillage, and she wore a truly horrible cat sweater to the interview.
"Fine," John said eventually. "Restaurant week, then."
I interrupted his study of the rising loaf one morning, meaning to ask if he would need anything from town when I went in, and was captivated by the way he was bent over the kitchen worktop. He didn’t hear me come in, so intently was he staring at the bowl of dough, and when I put my hands on his hips he jumped in surprise.
Sherlock is silent a moment, apparently giving it some thought.
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath and gripped John's shoulders hard. John stilled, allowing Sherlock to get used to the sensation.
"I went up to the roof where I met Moriarty," he continued, snapping back to his all-business demeanor so quickly that John found it a little alarming.
“It’s nothing,” he replies quietly, and John has the distinct impression that he’s trying hard to keep his voice even.
“I guess you must be,” John confirms with a smile.
They eat breakfast together, their funny little dysfunctional family of a kind, as London wakes up around them.
Sherlock stands, depositing his laptop on the couch, and sweeps past John, phone still in hand. He gets as far as the kitchen before John’s next words stop him.
“How are
They stay like that for a long moment, eyes locked and hands linked, interrupted only when Sherlock’s phone buzzes loudly from within his jacket pocket. He starts ever so slightly and reaches for it, breaking their gaze and contact, and is all business once again.
“It’s okay,” he repeats gently, squeezing his arm reassuringly.
“Who wants normal? It’s frightfully dull, it’s predictable, it’s-”
"Are you back at Baker Street then?" Sherlock didn't answer right away, instead looked down again at the contents of his pint glass as though they were fascinating to him.
“No,” John says, some of the strength coming back to his voice. “Listen to me, Sherlock, you didn’t fail, you stopped yourself tonight and every other night for the past two weeks and I’m so proud of you.”
"First of all, if I help with anything its going to be for Sherlock, not for you, and secondly I'm not sure right now that I want to help Sherlock, given that I'm obviously not to be trusted even though I've done everything he ever asked of me without question."
John made no attempt to conceal the shock of this last revelation.
Mycroft gives him a small, sad smile as he stands to take his leave.
Sherlock presses his full lips to John’s clavicle, kissing him tenderly.
John tried not to think about his decision as he got ready to leave for work. He had a short shift at the local surgery where he had taken a GP role a few months after Sherlock had gone. It wasn't exciting but the people were nice and it was a good distraction from his thoughts. He wasn't entirely sure that he was ready to go back to 221B, even for a visit. But then again, the 'getting it over with' approach that he'd taken with his second meeting with Sherlock had worked out fairly well for him. Yes, it had been hard to hear everything that Sherlock had to say, and yes it had sort of induced a panic attack. But he felt significantly lighter, even if he still wasn't sure that he had entirely processed the information. He believed Sherlock and he believed in Sherlock. If Sherlock said that there had been no other way, then John was sure it was true. The problem was that it didn't make the last eleven months any easier. It didn't make him wish any less that Sherlock had told him his plan beforehand and saved him from months of questioning and agony. But that just wasn't how Sherlock Holmes operated.
“Sherlock. John,” he says, nodding his head by way of solemn greeting, and the three of them start to ascend the stairs to 221B.
"I'm sure," he replied without hesitation, "it's just...new."
Now it’s John’s turn to feel unsure, but he finds himself speaking anyway.
Sherlock drew in another long, shuddery breath.
“I know,” Sherlock replies, his voice thick and catching in his throat. “I know and I’m so sorry to have failed you again.”
Sherlock didn't reply right away, letting his hand move gently and rhythmically down John's chest almost unconsciously.
“You’ve got my number so do get in touch again soon. I would love to see you again, under more pleasant circumstances, of course.”
He gulped in a lungful of air and Sherlock reached across the table to touch his hand soothingly, his eyes full of worry and regret and pity. John pulled his hand away and Sherlock sighed and sat back slightly.
“I…I’ve not had one before. But…that sounds nice.”
The thought had occurred to Sherlock that things might be helped by talking to someone about it, seeking advice from someone who knew more about love than he did. Although this theoretically should have been a very long list, he found that when it came to people he knew the list was rather short. Mycroft was even more of an emotional cripple than he was...there was his mother, but no, the thought of talking to her about something so personal had all but caused him to squirm with embarrassment. He felt a similar sense of intense discomfort at the thought of mentioning it to Lestrade, the only other male he knew who he considered to be a friend, not least of which because Lestrade was still struggling with the fact that Sherlock was back and was still clearly guilt ridden over the role he'd been forced to play in the whole thing. So Sherlock had finally come to the conclusion that Mrs Hudson was perhaps his only option. John had gone back to his flat, presumably to attempt to process everything that had happened between them the night before. Sherlock had kissed him goodbye, trying to put as much reassurance into the kiss as possible, and they had agreed to speak again that evening.
"I missed him too. More than I ever thought I could miss anyone. Well, I've never really missed someone before," Sherlock confessed quietly.
“Just stop, Sherlock,” he all but shouts.
Sherlock looked up and met his eyes and John was surprised to see the intensity that had sparked within them.
And with that, John drifted back to sleep, protected somewhat from the terrible nightmares by the presence of his angel.
Sherlock looked apologetic again.
“Thank you,” is all he manages to get out, as he pulls on the jacket and zips it up.
"I want to," he confessed, relieved to find his voice had improved from the weak croak of moments before. "I'm trying to."
He feels Sherlock roll onto his side, his clumsy movements indicating that he’s very much on the precipice of sleep already. Through the darkness he reaches for John in a silent question and John responds right away, drawing him close and pulling him snug against his chest. Sherlock settles there as though he was made for it, the top half of his body resting on John’s, his head on John’s chest and his palm resting at John’s heart. Despite everything that is happening, John feels content in this moment. He doesn’t know, and doesn’t want to question right now, why it feels so right to be here together like this, to finally have Sherlock in his arms. John places one last soft kiss on Sherlock’s forehead, and a few seconds later hears the deep breathing that indicates that Sherlock is finally asleep. John holds him close, willing his embrace to protect Sherlock from his own subconscious.
“Well it was hardly one of your greatest achievements consulting detective wise but far be it for me to deny any reason for a good drink.”
"Sorry," Sherlock said quickly. "Force of habit."
John forces his voice to remain casual, but inside he feels anything but. He tries not to analyse why that one little sound and those two words –
"Before I tell you, please believe me when I say that I did it all for you…to protect you."
"Are you alright, John?" he asked softly.
“God, you’re freezing,” he says, pulling the jacket around Sherlock’s shoulders and holding him close. He takes Sherlock’s hands in his own and notes that although they’re very cold he’s not in any immediate danger. Still, he needs to get out of these wet clothes and out of the chilly air as soon as possible.
Sherlock looked dazed for a moment as he took in everything that John had said, no doubt processing and analysing it at an alarming speed. John hoped that he hadn't scared him too much with the talk of them being in a relationship. But then Sherlock smiled, leaning in even closer.
Sherlock looked to Mycroft.
"You know what, don't even answer that. There's absolutely nothing you can say to..."
He moved towards John, took John's hands in his own.
Sherlock leant back in his chair, taking another sip of tea before speaking again, his words slow and careful.
Then John is slicking himself up, positioning himself above Sherlock and guiding himself into place. He pauses for a moment, taking in the magnificent sight before him, before slowly but surely sliding fast and deep into Sherlock in one smooth movement. Sherlock lets out a strangled cry and John groans loudly, stilling to allow him a moment to adjust before capturing his lips in another hot kiss.
"I want to move back to Baker Street."
He buries his face in his hands and sinks down the wall slightly.
"You say that Sherlock was your best friend."
"We organised a truck carrying soft enough materials to break my fall…"
He trailed off, with no clue of what to say next.
John pulled himself from his thoughts and considered this. He didn't know how to feel anymore- his mind seemed full of nothing but thick heavy clouds of confusion and conflicting thoughts and emotions. Over a week had passed since the conversation with Sherlock and Mycroft, the one that had turned his life upside down. This had occurred so many times that John figured that his world must be the right way up again soon and things would start to make sense. Sherlock had had the good sense to not push John, aside from a short text that once again implied he was giving John space and would be there when he was ready. But John didn't know when he would be ready. He'd decided against rushing straight to his therapists office, trying instead to sort through the mess in his head alone, but he now found himself lost with no idea of where to go.
Sherlock took a deep breath, watching as Mrs Hudson busied herself in the kitchen, boiling water and putting tea bags and sugar into mugs.
"I want to come all over you," he says, slapping him hard again.
"Moriarty's dead?"
“It was Drew,” Sherlock says bluntly, gesturing to the student. “In collaboration with Brian.”
His words were spoken casually enough but John could tell that Sherlock was hurt. A sudden rush of empathy for the man flooded through him and he hated himself for it.
"I accept your conditions," he said so quietly that John wouldn't have been able to hear him had he not been standing just a few short inches away.
John complied immediately, one hand still tangled in Sherlock's hair, the other moving to his hard cock, careful to start his movements off slowly. But before long both of them were practically panting, moaning, cursing, between frenzied kisses.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirms in an impossibly deep voice, swallowing hard with anticipation.
John ends the call and leaves his office, barely stopping to grab his own coat, and hastily makes his excuses about a family emergency as he rushes out the clinic. Once outside, he realises that he’s not even sure where he’s going, not sure where to look, his head is spinning and he knows he needs to focus. He forces himself to take a deep, calming breath, then he pulls out his phone again. He tries Sherlock, already knowing he’ll have no luck and gets through to his voicemail once, twice, three times. Then he dials Mycroft’s number and quickly explains the situation, receiving reassurances that Mycroft’s people will find him. John heads off in the direction that he knows a few people within Sherlock’s homeless network can commonly be found, zipping up his coat to the November chill and feeling grateful that the rain has eased off to a light drizzle. He feels like he’s been walking forever when he comes across one of the network who is of no help, then a second, before finding someone who says they saw him heading towards Waterloo Bridge. Heart racing, John picks up the pace to a run, and approaches the underpass of the bridge.
"No, she has a date this evening," Sherlock replied, looking down at John with a hint of a smirk playing on his lips.
Thankfully, Sherlock seemed determined to do nothing of the sort. And suddenly John realised that he had been wrong— Sherlock was not exactly the same as he had been. There was something indefinably altered about his eyes- it was like he there was some crucial element missing, perhaps a touch of the usual arrogance, John thought.
“And now it’s all just a mess. I’m an idiot.”
The following afternoon is hectic – between finishing his Friday shift at the clinic, packing his overnight bag, and dropping Rosie at Molly’s along with a frankly unnecessary amount of supplies and a cheerful bunch of thank you flowers – and by the time they’re seated comfortably on the Great Northern train, he’s rather grateful for the chance to relax for an hour or so. Sherlock, however, seems visibly out of sorts. John has long since gotten used to Sherlock’s nervous energy whilst he’s working on a case, and he’s also well acquainted with the restlessness and boredom that come when he’s not had a case for a while, but this is…something else entirely. He’s suspiciously quiet, rather than relying on his usual pastime of recounting to John at top speed what he’s already deduced about the case, though John supposes he should be grateful for the rare journey of peace and quiet. He’s also anxious and fidgety, which only seems to grow worse the closer they get to their destination. John had diplomatically decided not to say anything, but the temptation was getting stronger and stronger the worse Sherlock got.
John doesn’t miss the smirk that indicates he’s having a subtle dig at Sherlock, and feels a lick of anger flare up within him.
John thinks with a pang about last night and what he had learned about Sherlock’s time in Serbia. That Sherlock hadn’t wanted John to know about it –
"Okay?" John managed to gasp, hovering so very close to the edge.
"Well it's about time if you ask me. John's been mad about you ever since he met you. The poor thing was lost without you, it was just heartbreaking to watch."
When he was awake he had tried to focus on Rosie – on being the best parent he could be, on relishing the moments of simple joy that she was so blessedly capable of bringing him. It was in his sleep that he couldn’t escape the thoughts that chased him relentlessly and held him captive. Still, John was coping – barely, gradually, painfully – but coping.
“Sherlock, what’s all this?”
"Yes, just like that," Sherlock moans raggedly, "fuck me, John."
Evidently Sherlock hadn't had time to mess it up with his experiments yet. John sat down in his favourite armchair and tried to take it all in. It was entirely surreal to be back here, sitting in his chair with Sherlock in the kitchen like no amount of time had passed at all. Could he somehow just pretend that none of this had happened and slip back into the same happy life once again?
As he waded through the memories of he and John solving cases together, of arguing and laughing and simply
"I suppose it's all a bit overwhelming for you, love. All a bit new?"
"I haven't the faintest idea, to be honest."
“With her or ever?” he blurts out.
And then there was John. John Hamish Watson who had changed his world so unrecognisably that he could barely remember what it had been without him. Rather, he didn't want to remember. He'd experienced life without John far too recently, and he shuddered at the memory of what an awful world it had been. John stirred from his place on Sherlock's chest, sleepily stroking his hand down the skin of Sherlock's chest before settling back into sleep. Sherlock considered his sleeping face for a moment, finding it absolutely perfect. What was this man to him? He went through the list. His best friend, there was no question there. His partner, most definitely. He was certain that he'd done the best work of his life when John was at his side. His lover? He was certainly attracted to John, though annoyingly he couldn't quite place exactly when this had happened. It had just appeared with a certainty that Sherlock knew better than to question because he had long since learnt to always trust his instinct. Overall, Sherlock felt that he had enough information to deduce that he did in fact love John. That much was fairly clear. But what kind of love did he have? He was frustrated to find that his mind was drawing a blank, having no real basis for comparison when it came to romantic love. Irritated, Sherlock retreated from this particular room of his mind palace, realising that he needed more data, and crossed the mental hall to enter his John Watson room. He supposed that it was saying something that John had an entire room to himself. And it wasn't a small room either, yet it was somehow filled to the brim with information and memories. The flood of data was almost overwhelming, and he focused on the physical feel of the man against him as he tried to process it all.
Apologies for the delay with this chapter. I’m aiming for fortnightly updates but as you will see this chapter ended up longer, so enjoy! The case referenced is based on an original Sherlock Holmes story (albeit a very random one, lol). Thanks for all the lovely comments and kudos – they are so appreciated and make me such a happy fangirl and author.
“Please, John,” Sherlock cries desperately.
"But I saw you hit the ground…" he argued weakly, breathlessly.
"John? Will you be coming home...to Baker Street?"
“Mmm I know it bothers you when I allegedly starve myself but I hardly think that my performance just now is worthy of praise.”
"And all this time Sherlock was gone, you didn't think of helping him? Of going with him? You're his older brother, you're supposed to protect him, for god's sake!"
you. And that's what hurts the most- that you clearly didn't feel the same way. That after everything we've been through together you still left me in the dark."
“Please don’t go.”
Sherlock sounds utterly destroyed and John’s chest throbs painfully at his last words. He reaches out to ever so gently brush back Sherlock’s hair, half expecting to be rejected. Sherlock flinches minutely, sending a pang through John’s heart, before leaning into the touch.
"As you wish," Sherlock replies with a sigh, "you know I'd do anything for you."
"I know," Sherlock replied quietly. "And I will leave you to your thoughts, but first please know that everything I did was motivated by my feelings for you. I just wanted you to be safe."
Then all at once John realised that it was too late- he had leapt a long time ago. And all this time he had been falling. Would Sherlock be there to catch him? The answer to this particular question seemed to hit him with the force of a freight train. Sherlock had always caught him. And though it wasn't always in the way that John wanted, it was always motivated by Sherlock's very best intentions and that was what mattered. Sherlock did what he had to do and that wasn't always easy, yet he did it selflessly regardless of how it would affect his own world. They didn't always see eye to eye, and John knew he was kidding himself if he thought that was going to change, but they were always and unfailingly there for one another, no matter what. So of course he was going to forgive Sherlock. He was
"I don't know how he's back. But I also can't rely on what I saw that day. What I thought I saw that day".
"Are you able to take me through it again?"
“You seem to be forgetting that I do have responsibilities now, namely a child and a job, I'm not just at your beck and call to go off gallivanting around the country,” John replies sternly, but he can’t quite manage to keep his lip from quirking at the side.
“Hmm?” he replies noncommittedly.
Sherlock pauses a moment before answering.
“Listen to me. You’re the most amazing, extraordinary, brilliant, kind, wonderful person I’ve ever met. Anyone who doesn’t take the time to see that is missing out on so much. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.”
"I know I said I wouldn't contact you, and I know you're still angry with me, but John, I just needed to see you…needed to tell you…"
“You’re the one who insisted on eating that last pork bun, you get no sympathy from me,” he replies teasingly.
Sherlock’s steady, calm voice and comforting presence so close to him brings John down just enough to remember what had been haunting his unconscious mind. The vision of the nightmare, so real, still swims before his eyes. A flash of Sherlock’s lifeless face and blood pouring from his head after his fall from the rooftop. Sherlock bound and tortured. The former is a familiar reoccurrence in his nightmares but the latter is a new one. John runs a shaky hand over his face, and when he speaks his voice is so breathless and strained that he barely recognises it as his own.
It's a struggle to get the words out but Sherlock doesn’t seem phased, as though he was expecting the question.
John says nothing, allowing himself to be comforted as he gets his breathing under control, but he knows that part of the nightmare is not only very real but that they’ve lived it. They stay like that a few moments longer without the need to speak, and it feels strange but uplifting to have Sherlock’s unmistakable scent – familiar and pleasant, the smell of home – all around him.
“Soames wasn’t a complete idiot, in fact he was one of the few people there I actually admired, so I’ve decided to take the case as a personal favour. And besides, we could both use some time away from London. Soak in the fresh air and whatever other dull things people do when they’re away from the big city.”
“Drew is one of Cambridge’s most gifted rugby player but unfortunately his grades don’t quite follow suite, something that his father is growing more and more impatient with. Just last week he again threatened to cut off his funding if things didn’t improve. Armed with the knowledge that the only way he’d be succeeding in this exam is if he cheated, and knowing that he lacked the technical skills to hack into Soames’ heavily secured computer and files, he approached his good friend Brian for assistance who, despite not needing to cheat due to his above average intelligence and aptitude, reluctantly agreed.”
Sherlock swallowed.
“I’m sorry I scared you, John,” he says quietly, sitting back down beside him.
He trailed off, another surge of anger hitting him powerfully, and before he knew it he was rushing at Sherlock, grabbing his suit jacket, pushing him roughly against the wall of the small living room.
“This is all just another one of her clever plans!”
"Fuck yes, I want it all over my face," he gasps and John groans desperately. He's never seen Sherlock quite so turned on, filthy and sweary, and it's unbelievably hot. They're both so fucking close now and John's pounding into him furiously. He feels Sherlock tensing beneath him then spilling into his hand with an animalistic groan that tears through his raw throat. John strokes him through the aftershocks and feels his own pleasure rapidly closing in around him.
He'd run a shaking hand across his face, forcing himself to take another deep breath.
“Doesn’t it?”
– can so easily spark up a blazing fire within him. Sherlock gives a noncommittal hum as his eyes rapidly sweep over the screen of his mobile.
he understands, all too well.
“Sentiment.”
“I guess because I’m…jealous, in a weird way? It’s not that I want to be with him-”
He paused.
, Sherlock, don’t you see that? Nothing about our lives is.”
Sherlock felt his heart pang inexplicably once again at the image of grieving, broken John that his mind was so fond of replaying for him. He quickly brushed it away- his guilt wasn't going to fix things. But his actions could.
"I think I should take you upstairs to your flat," Sherlock said gently.
“Let’s leave it at that for today, John,” Ella says, her voice gentle and kind. “You’ve done really well and we’ve made some great progress. I’d like to see you again in two weeks, if that would be okay with you?”
He feels himself colour as he recalls the incident two nights ago, the night they had wrapped up the case. They’d been chasing a perp down one of London’s countless alleys – a scenario that had played out hundreds of times over their years of working together. Suddenly there had been someone on their tail, armed and closing in on them, and they’d ducked into a narrow alcove as he’d rounded the corner. They’d been pushed up impossibly close together, chests pressed against one another, shallow breath mingling, neither of them daring to move. Their hearts both hammered wildly and John, for his part, wasn’t sure if it was the adrenaline of the chase or something else entirely. He’d looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and seen that glint of adventure, his love of the thrill of the chase, and repressed the urge to giggle.
"Hi," was all Sherlock managed, his voice hesitant and almost afraid.
Sherlock nods, and John moves to examine the back of his shoulder, carefully testing the tenderness there too. He feels more than sees Sherlock stiffen and go perfectly still.
John gives him a small smile at these bittersweet words.
They managed to make it as far as the couch before their legs gave out on them.
Sherlock gave him a tiny grin in return.
John sighs, relieved to hear this even through the small wave of anger that washes over him at this regular invasion of privacy.
"You're just so...beautiful."
John entwined his fingers in Sherlock's curls, which were if possible even more out of control than before, his brain too far gone at this point to acknowledge anything but the feel of Sherlock's lips against his, the taste of him, the smell of him, the fact that he was here in his arms, not dead, not decaying, but alive and here and so god damn beautiful, and that he had missed him more than he'd ever thought was possible and—
“Can you at least fill me in on what it is we’re investigating?”
“Our relationship was of a sexual nature but we never…well, went all the way.”
He knows he’s not apologising for what he did in the nightmare but isn’t sure if the apology is again for what he’d done to Sherlock or for bringing up what had happened in Serbia, or maybe for both. John lets out an involuntary sound that is somewhere between a sigh and a sob, and Sherlock’s grip on his arms tightens compassionately. He finds himself grasping at Sherlock’s arms around his own. The other man is wearing his blue silk dressing gown over his sleep shirt and pants, and the warmth coming from his skin through the thin fabric is remarkably reassuring.
“Did you ever...I mean, I hope he didn't...well, take advantage...of your age and nativity.”
John scoops him up into his arms, giving him a gloriously slow and healing kiss. He takes Sherlock’s hands into his own, gently kissing and massaging the reddened skin of his wrists and intertwining the long fingers with his own, then dips his head and places soft kisses along the tender flesh of his neck. Sherlock sighs softly, starting to relax into John’s touch.
“You two are still in contact then?”
John stared at Sherlock, his brain completely incapable of getting past the loop in which Sherlock couldn't possibly be here, because Sherlock was dead. Gone. Forever. Yet here he stood, his impressive stature lightly silhouetted against the door frame of John's neat flat. Still perfect, still every bit as fucking beautiful as before, though admittedly slightly leaner if it were possible, and his face holding more fatigue and emotion than John had ever seen on it before. John felt his lungs contract impossibly tight and very nearly choked on his own shallow breath as his brain struggled to catch up. Finally Sherlock spoke— the long familiar, deep voice pulling John from his internal struggle.
“Well I don’t!” Sherlock snarls, slamming his fist against the nearest wall.
The questions didn't need an answer, but Sherlock gave one anyway.
"You know what? Forget it. Forget I said anything. I'm just so glad to have you back. Honestly, Sherlock" he said hurriedly, turning away and awkwardly rubbing the back of his head.
Sherlock shakes his head, eyes wide with surprise and arousal, and John tries to ignore the delicious feeling of Sherlock’s cupid bow lips against his palm.
It’s in their third week of living together again that Sherlock and John have their first proper case. With everything that had been going on, John had been lax with keeping the blog up to date, typing up only very brief summaries of their cases that were more for his and Sherlock’s reference than for public consumption. But now that Baker Street was back up and running it seemed that news had quickly spread.
"You two haven't had another one of your rows have you?" she replied, tsk tsk-ing, as she brought the tea over to the table. "You boys, always fighting..."
"I told him I didn't believe him, but it didn't make any difference. He said goodbye, then he jumped."
"Did you think about me even once?" John demanded, shaking him hard.
Presently though, John bursts through the door of 221 Baker Street, swiftly pulling off his light jacket and resolutely not looking at Sherlock. The interrogation of their key suspect had not gone well. In fact, despite John’s warnings, Sherlock had gone in guns blazing in his usual manner. The suspect, of course, did not react well, instead choosing to flee then attack like a rat when he was cornered. Sherlock had underestimated him, as he was sometimes inclined to do, and quick as lightning the suspect had pulled a switch blade knife as Sherlock had dived at him. Sherlock had hit the ground roughly, clutching at the wound on his shoulder with a hiss of pain as the perpetrator scuttled away into the night. John had run to him, doctor and solider mode fully engaged, and for one or two heart stopping moments John had thought it was much more serious than it actually was.
No one could ever say that life with Sherlock Holmes was boring. In the past three weeks, they’d wrapped up a case (which John had typed up in the blog and titled “The Coding Lodger” – named so because the young woman, a web developer who had been in danger and was seeking refuge, had been sending and receiving via imbedded html code on various websites), had been visited by Mycroft (one of his regular updates about Eurus, who Sherlock still visits relatively uneventfully every month or so), and John had chanced a visit down to the basement flat that Sherlock was renting for his messier experiments (a decision he immediately regretted as he tried not to think too deeply about why in the world Sherlock needed that much camphor oil, something horrific about preserving and embalming, he’s sure). So there was all of that…and then there was the fact that occasionally he and Sherlock just so happened to share a bed.
They handed in their coats at the coat check and Sherlock led the way through the foyer. John caught glimpses of the overwhelming swan theme, the emblem of the Vintners, and then they were in the great hall, windows stretching up above them and ancient livery flags looming above the huge glass cases of old company silver. This was where London’s winemakers had met and dined since the fifteenth century. This was
The shadow turns and walks out of the room, into the empty hallway.
She could have started the fire herself, if she’d realised. Could have taken Moriarty with her and left Sherlock unharmed. Safe.
Joanna shakes her head once, her eyes still closed. The sniper at the far end of the corridor must see, because Moriarty sighs in her ear a moment later. “Oh dear. I thought for sure you’d remember. I thought it would be one of your favourites.” He pauses, a brief crackle of silence. “You’ve forgotten it, I suppose. Like you’ve forgotten so many things she taught you.”
“Happily. All you need do, Joanna, is ask. After all, you’re very nearly family, aren’t you?”
“People are idiots.” He stands and walks to her, stopping when the tips of his shoes touch the towel. He towers above her, black trousers and belt and white shirt with the sleeves rolled to the elbows – his only concession to the warmth of the day. He looks ready for a fight. “How did you know about my violin?”
“Short hair is just as much trouble as long, sometimes,” she says. “Or so I’ve been told.”
Joanna looks down at her arms. Under the dirt they are pale and blue-veined and hang limp at her sides. She doesn’t see any blood.
“I probably won’t be too chuffed either,” Joanna says, but Harry’s already walking to the door, her sunglasses glinting in the milky afternoon light. She pretends not to hear.
The next day the door to the attic is locked.
“Please,” she says, “kill me now. Before the humiliation takes me.”
Sherlock shuts the little clothbound book with a snap of his hand and sits back in his chair. “You used to send me books, when we were children. After you left for school. Do you remember?”
“Lesson one,” Moran says, and she feels herself begin to change.
“I’ll just take my horrible human weakness and go, shall I?” She slides out of the bed and manages a single step before her legs turn to jelly and she falls to the floor in an undignified, half-dressed heap. She presses her cheek to the floorboards and sighs. “Bugger. That was a good exit line, too.”
“Or so I imagine,” the hermit said, and there was laughter in his clever old eyes. “Whatever the reason, I have not seen him – not since last I saw you, girl.”
She rubs her fingers over the unbroken skin of her right forearm. The places the splinters broke through. The skin is as smooth as polished wood.
There is a boy in the mirror in her grandmother’s attic.
“This,” he drawls, “is a fascinating piece.”
“Could be,” Sherlock says, and for a brief moment his expression turns rueful, almost self-mocking. “Though not, I think, directed at you.” He steps back, his hand falling to his side. “Turn around.”
She doesn’t much like the weeds, but that only adds to her sense of satisfaction when she pulls each one up by the roots.
Mycroft’s expression turns serious. “Do you want me to?”
“And sandwiches,” Joanna says. “With crisps, if we have them. All of a sudden I’m
, just hurry—”
“‘The moment of the rose and the moment of the yew-tree,’” she tells it, “‘are of equal duration.’”
Joanna’s revising for her A-levels when Gran decides she’s ready to die.
He frowns.
“Harry?” she calls, her voice loud in the silence. “Mrs Hudson?”
A beam from the roof snaps in two and smashes through the ceiling above them; the oak’s lower limbs strain to catch it before it crushes them both. Some of her branches bend under the beam’s weight, but after a perilous creaking moment, they hold. Sherlock and Harry are safe.
“I,” Joanna says through her teeth, “am
Joanna wakes alone in her bedroom, cradling her bleeding hand to her chest.
but she finds the strong speed of his pulse and breathes again, her air in his lungs. He chokes, and his eyes open, water-pale and fixed on hers.
, Joanna thinks, and gags again.
“Not another step,” Boyle warns her, tightening his thick-fingered grip on Sherlock’s chin. “You move again and I’ll do it, Captain. I’ll kill him.”
The seventh vial is broken, shattered when she knocked the cigar box to the floor; she gently pulls the cork from the intact vial beside it.
Death reached out and plucked the pomegranate from the windowsill. “Then I will take you as well,” Death said, “and save myself the journey later.”
Sherlock stills beside her. “What evidence?”
The answer comes in nothing like words, but she understands it nonetheless: She does not belong. Those who belong have the key. Strangers do not have the key, and strangers do not come inside.
“Of course.” His head reemerges, his hair wild, and he rubs the towel over his chest and arms. He smirks at her. “But I did catch the thief.”
“I did, though,” Joanna says miserably, into the pillow. “In her kitchen sink.”
Joanna rather envies Thompson’s soothing, carefully neutral tone – hers has always been quite good, but Thompson’s is of another class altogether. There’s some inescapable thread of calm in her low-pitched therapist’s voice that makes Joanna
Joanna kneels beside him in the mud. Their shoulders touch, and she shifts away. “Seven years old, maybe a little younger. Sex is impossible to determine in preadolescent skeletal remains, so I can’t—” She stops and takes a breath, tasting earth. “No immediately obvious cause of death. The killer used a rib spreader to access the chest cavity and replace the heart, but that may have been postmortem.” She bends closer to the body and runs a gloved fingertip over the uneven crack in the child’s sternum. “He had experience with the equipment, but no formal training. Not as a surgeon, anyway.”
She looks up and sees Adrienne still staring at the table. She’s reaching out with one hand, fingers almost touching the wood.
“It’s written in my diary,” the woman says. “Has been for weeks. Otherwise I tend to forget, you know; the old noggin’s not quite what it used to be.” She looks up at Joanna. “Won’t you sit, dear? I’ll make us a nice pot of tea.”
“Of course.” He sets the book down on the table. “Despite recent revelations, the simplest explanation is still the best one. You would do well to remember, Sherlock – it is not the world that has changed, but your perception of it. Not every mystery has magic at its heart.”
Joanna knows that jaw clench – she’s felt it often enough, usually just after Sherlock summons her with one of his ill-timed, infuriatingly cryptic texts. “If Mycroft needs you at the office—”
The table was a tree once, and it remembers – remembers roots and bark and reaching branches, moss and ivy and soil and light. Joanna remembers with it, remembers pushing deep into the earth and drinking her fill as spring rose each morning and winter fell each night, as leaves bloomed and withered and bloomed again. Remembers snowbound sleep, and the sky.
The witch clicked her wise old tongue three times against the roof of her wise old mouth. ‘You sell flowers in the street. What do you care for the life of a rich man’s son?’
Thompson is unfazed. “You understand that healing takes time, Joanna.”
In the bag she finds her grandmother’s leather sewing case, her wooden cane, and the recipe book. A yellow Post-It clings to the cardboard cover of the book, just over the tall, robed woman’s worn face.
Joanna surges to her feet and up the ladder, out of the pit. The wood around them has turned dark and still, but out of the corner of her eye she sees a flash of movement – a shadow fleeing through the trees.
“Sorry,” Joanna says, shrugging her way into a blue jumpsuit of her own. “Strange mood today.”
The inscriptions grow longer in the next column:
“I need to retrieve some of my grandmother’s things, and I need to do it without Moriarty or Sherlock knowing where I’ve gone. Can you help?”
“Water,” Gran says, her voice a low rasp. “Joanna, you need water.”
“Jesus
Joanna spends the first months of summer hiding protective charms in Sherlock’s clothes.
Joanna licks her lips; her mouth tastes like dust and a lingering sourness from the sedatives. “Is Molly dead?”
,” Harry says, her voice breaking. “Joanna, are you—”
The witch tapped her wise old finger three times against her wise old teeth. ‘You have already married him. What do you care if he dies and leaves you all the rich man’s money?’
She jerks her head forward sharply, just to feel his grip.
“You are,” she says. “A bit.” She sits on the edge of his bed, pulling her legs up and hugging them to her chest. “I didn’t mean to go away, you know. I didn’t have a choice.”
the one being absurd.”
She hears the clatter as his mobile hits the table, and then nothing.
Harry gives her a bright smile. “Which is why you should move into Gran’s until you get back on your feet.” She glances at the cane, and her smile dims. “So to speak.”
He laughs, delighted. “Oh, much better. This is what I like to hear. You, Doctor Watson, are my most-improved hostage of the week.” He raises the bottle to her in a mock toast and downs the rest of the water. He drops the bottle to the carpeted floor, empty. “You deserve a reward, don’t you? I’ve never kept pets for long, but even I know that a good doggie gets a treat.” Moriarty takes the book from the seat beside him and opens it to a page marked by a withered silk ribbon. He spreads the book over his lap, brushing his fingers over dense lines of narrow script that turn the pages black in the low light. “All those books burned, decades worth of research and study, and the one thing she most wanted to keep from me was charmed against fire.” He looks up, a quiet smile in his eyes. “Sounds a little like fate, doesn’t it?”
must give her answer for her, because he lifts the wet weight of hair from her neck and begins to work the comb through, one knot at a time.
“Answer the question and I’ll tell you.”
The stronger she makes the wards, the brighter the fire burns. It’s almost blinding now, a sea of flame so close and so hungry that it seems to fill the very world; she closes her eyes and sees it still against the dark, an afterimage of London cast into light and shade. All-saint’s fire eats and eats, never satisfied, never extinguished, and what can she do against a spell that
Mrs Barrow startles at the sound of his voice, as if she’d forgotten he was still at the table. “Wasn’t that rather before your time, Mr Holmes?”
Fire curls around the fingers of her left hand, rippling over the faded scars of her open palm and singeing the sleeve of her shirt. It moves more like water than flame, really, waves of blue-white heat drawn over skin by the tidal pull of the greater conflagration burning inside. Joanna raises her hand and watches tendrils of fire bloom and wilt and bloom again as they twine about her fingers and thumb. She breathes deep and the flames rise, casting an impossible shadow on the dark wood of the front door.
“So choose,” Death said. “You will have anything it is in my power to give.”
Mrs. Hudson reaches across the table and pats her hand. “You needn’t worry about me, Joanna. I have some experience with dangerous men.”
Murray steps forward and pats Gran’s shoulder, his expression pleasantly, professionally detached. “Now, Helene, you know you can’t have anything to drink. What if we need to pull you in for surgery? Better safe than sorry, yeah?”
is followed by
Her hands are cold. She doesn’t think he’d mind.
The cane falls easily from the wall, leaving behind a gaping hole. Mycroft’s assistant steps up beside her. “Think your flatmate will notice?” she asks, her face so entirely without expression that for a moment Joanna thinks she’s serious. She isn’t.
“Maybe I will.” Joanna opens her eyes. “But at least I won’t end up like Dad.”
“Hurry
The shadow turns and thrusts a dark arm deep into the fire.
Joanna closes her eyes. “Because when someone is dying or about to be born, a sturdy, flat surface is rather more useful than a bit of paper.”
Still scowling, Sherlock shakes the last drops of water from his hair and slips the recipe book neatly from its place between her tattered copy of
They’d packed the book away when their parents died, along with her mother’s murder mysteries and her father’s poetry. Harry was too old for fairy stories then, and as the years passed Joanna forgot, as she’d forgotten so many things.
it says.
, Mycroft,” the boy says in a high, clear voice she’s only ever heard in dreams. “You’re
The house towers above them, dust-filmed windows glinting in the sunlight. It had frightened Joanna, when she was small – the size and the silence of it. The way it made her father frown and her mother’s eyes go distant and sad. Before the accident her visits to the house had been rare, and brief.
The bruise loops dark around the left side of his chest, its colour deepest where her shoulder slammed into his side. She sees it all again – the challenge in Moriarty’s grin, the gun, and that first flare of light. The explosion that never came, and the open splay of Sherlock’s hands as he drifted to the pool’s floor.
Gran dies three months later.
When Joanna comes to, she’s lying flat on her back in the middle of the plot, giggling. Gran stands over her. “Idiot child,” she says. “You were meant to prick your
“I never much liked that version,” Adrienne says, her even voice echoing in the metal-walled silence. “Never liked the ending.”
“You’ve been recognized,” Sherlock mutters over his shoulder, and he’s right – several people are staring, turning to whisper in their neighbours’ ears. The mood of the crowd shifts, and the murmurs grow louder. Angrier. Joanna hears her name and keeps walking, her eyes fixed straight ahead.
“Which makes you all the warier. Very sensible of you.” He walks to the door. “I don’t make many promises, Joanna, but I will promise you this – Moriarty will know neither where you have gone, nor what you have gone to collect. At least, not through any fault of mine.” He opens the door, revealing the empty outer room beyond. “Lovely to see you as always. Don’t hesitate to phone if I can be of any further use.”
"Could've fooled me," Sherlock said.
"We don't have to—"
"Right," John said, and dug in.
full briefing, having just got the same one yesterday, but John was nothing but thorough. Once Lestrade was done, John popped out to say hello, and by five o'clock they were ready to open the doors. Sherlock was already sweating under his coat.
In the silence that followed, Holmes pressed kisses to my temple and held us both tenderly in his wet hand. I picked my head up off his shoulder to gaze down into his face, and he smiled sleepily at me.
by twenty-two, apprenticing at restaurants in the West End soon after. John had worked his way from one tier to the next, rising to Head Chef at Alessandro's by thirty. Opening his own restaurant was the most obvious successive choice, but with his sister? Sherlock couldn’t imagine the reasoning. She must have been the one that entered them for consideration for
The man's mouth tightened and he looked at John again, displeased. "It's chemistry, and cooking is chemistry."
Sherlock's mouth quirked up in a smile, and he dipped his head slightly in acquiescence. "Fair enough," he said. "Hungry?"
John nodded quickly. "Yeah," he said, "okay, that sounds… good, that sounds good. Have you got…?"
“I’m in earnest,” I said. “Are you staying at the boarding house tonight? Have you eaten supper?”
The worst of it was that I myself had been tempted by the soldiers that peddled themselves in Hyde Park. I had never taken any of them up on their offers, but that was out of shyness rather than distaste. I had always known myself to be an invert, but acting on the inversion was something I had never quite managed. It was messy, and dangerous, and I believed myself above all physical compulsion. Better to stay innocent, in every sense of the word, than risk my reputation or my self-control for a little gratification.
The group of cooks nodded.
"So, how was that?" he asked. "Any good?"
"Do you think," he interrupted, "that it might be appropriate to call me John? Give that we are—?"
"Don't be ridiculous," he snapped, "of course it was for your sake."
The third man, a man named Kirk, only laughed with some degree of hysteria when Holmes demanded to know where Blakeley was. This seemed to confirm Holmes's suspicion, for he asked, "Is he in the Thames, then, or in some shallow grave in Shadwell?"
"You know I don't like to text."
Watson!" She howled, a veritable gale force of olive-green boiled-wool peacoat and smart blonde bob. "So it
God forbid Sherlock admit he was in the wrong; he snatched the CV from John's hands, looked it over in the space of a millisecond, and handed it back. "Fine," he said. "But she'll have her own
The warmth of our flat after such an outing was like stepping into a welcoming embrace, and I shed my coat and boots with a groan and headed straight for the fire. Holmes traded his jacket for his blue dressing gown, toed his slippers out from under his desk, and went to pour a  brandy for each of us.
"And my happiness."
I obliged, pushing up onto my knees to let him pull it over my head, and then freeing my arms and tossing the fabric aside. My prick bobbed, half-hard, and Holmes stroked a hand down my belly to close his fingers around it. He gave it a friendly tug, and then let go to wriggle out of his own nightshirt. Then he reached up to pull me down atop him again. I still straddled his thigh, but now my erection pressed against his belly and our bare skin rubbed together deliciously. He kissed me hard, opening my lips with his tongue and getting a grip on my hair once more to tilt me to his satisfaction.
As soon as it was moved, he dabbed me with his witch hazel water. I yelped, for at first it burned, but in a moment the sting dissipated and was replaced with a soothing tingle. My fist tightened on the wet towel, causing a little stream of water to run down my wrist. Watson took it gently from me.
"I know," he said, "which is why I can't."
"Thank you," Sherlock said, his voice low. "For keeping us on track."
John crossed his arms over his chest and flexed his toes on the carpet. "Yeah," he admitted. He rubbed at his shoulder, realised he was doing it, and scrubbed that hand through his hair. "Among other things."
It was probably rude to think about Sherlock like this, John mused, as his prick stiffened under his own gentle ministrations. He cupped and stroked himself until he was fully hard, and then he pushed his shorts down so that the elastic hugged underneath his balls. He imagined Sherlock watching him do this as he watched John do anything else; assessing, anticipating. John's breath caught and his cock twitched. He was starting to leak. He rubbed his thumb slowly across his moistened tip, his thighs sliding apart, and he pulled his heels up to brace against the bed.
We both drank deeply.
Mycroft was disgruntled by being knocked up at this hour, but I went to see him so infrequently that he knew something was wrong. He appeared in his nightshirt and dressing gown, a nightcap upon his head.
Even after I'd met and married my wife, I couldn't stay away from Holmes. Mary had been the direction I supposed my life ought to take, a safe-harbor from my fears about being a broken former soldier and a medico who wasn't practicing. The path I was on with her felt safe, but I always yearned for the excitement and danger that Holmes had provided. I kept leaving her behind to take part in his work. Even when I bought my Paddington practice, I was always looking to him for adventure.
Then he took pity on Sherlock and sat back again, embracing Sherlock's long legs and rising up on his knees to finish him off. Sherlock stroked himself quickly, desperate now, the delayed orgasm rushing back with a vengeance. His cock swelled in his hand, and he grabbed at John's arm, his shoulder, his arse.
I couldn't get any more clarification out of him after that, so we lapsed into thoughtful silence for the rest of the journey.
He went to the loo, which would be receiving its own makeover soon—the same blue walls, this time with a copper wash; concrete sinks; big mirrors and LED lighting—and went to check in with Sarah Sawyer, who had come in to work on the set-up of her bar. Sherlock had given her carte blanche to purchase alcohol, and she was currently unloading her veritable truckload.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We're here," the machine says.
"Nothing," I breathe. "You were— what happened?"
Holmes shook his head. "Not tonight, I think," said he. "I don’t have the constitution for it just yet."
“Pity,” I reply, and start away from the car. The way to the sea is muscle memory, and my feet carry me there almost without my input. But the shoreline has changed, and soon a gate stands in my way. The cliff has fallen away, and the path is long gone.
On Friday, the installation of the new fume hood over the main hob tore a chunk out of the kitchen ceiling and then they discovered the exhaust would have to go out by a route that risked the structural integrity of the building. It had been built originally as a boarding house, and its transition to industrial kitchen had been a haphazard one. John was adamant that the frame of the building needed shoring up before they punched another big hole in a load-bearing wall. Sherlock dug out blueprints of the whole building from one of his many files upstairs and found a new route that would risk less of the building's structure, but also required a detour into the first floor. He and John were summarily evicted by the contractors from the ground floor kitchen, and then again from Sherlock's sitting room by the racket taking place in the space between the bathroom and the staircase.
Hopkins came over to get something out of the upright fridge and gave John a warm smile. "Hallo, Chef," he said. "Having a peek at the goods?"
Then Watson and I examined the study. I was deep in thought, and so I muttered observations aloud without checking to see that he was behind me taking notes. I was inspecting a ragged sliver of cloth caught in a splinter on the window sill when he leaned in and murmured, "Have you solved it?"
–? Good lord, Watson. And you didn't think I ought to know that, before I– by Jove, I've just assaulted you." He passed a hand over his face.
My own cock throbbed, aching for attention. With one hand on Holmes, I loosened my buttons and let my prick poke out of my trousers. It hung heavy as I leaned over him, my bollocks full, and as I sucked Holmes I pictured our union when the case was over: naked and slick and open. I imagined opening him up on my fingers until he was begging, and then pressing myself inside his hot passage. I imagined sinking down onto his lap, pierced to the core. I couldn’t help stroking myself as I stoppered my mouth with his stiff offering, as his fingers carded through my hair.
I shrugged one shoulder and reached for a hand towel stowed under the bed. "I'm sure I don't know," said I, mopping my belly, "but I daresay you enjoyed it."
They sent the chefs home after the caprese salad, and stayed behind to consider each one critically. Sherlock was in a mood that John couldn’t help but suspect was about Sarah, and for a brief, uncomfortable moment he considered sacking Sarah before they’d even begun. If Sherlock didn’t like her, he was going to make her life a nightmare.
Everything stops for a moment, as he reaches the top of the crest: he goes silent, his hips still, every muscle in his body taut. Then my mouth is full of semen and his moan is so loud I can tell he's lifted his head up. I can picture his face. He muffles the next cry as his cock pulses, and his seed spills out the corners of my mouth.
Greg made a noise, a drawn-out note of skepticism. "I don't know about that, Sherlock. I can't break my contract
John caught the tube from Notting Hill Gate and went to Baker Street. His approach to the restaurant was slowed by the presence of an enormous black town car idling at the curb. John peeked in the window and came face-to-face with a beautiful, dark-haired woman, who gave him such a look of bored contempt that he almost stepped off the pavement in surprise.
"Yes."
"I love you," I replied.
"Should we consider combining our bedrooms?" I asked, climbing off him and helping him up. He picked up our waistcoats off the floor.
"Show me what else you can do."
He looked startled. "Oh, indeed."
"He's a failure," John said. "That's what he thinks, anyway. He was right, wasn't he? When he said you were successful?" Now or never, Watson. "And clean?"
The deconstructed caprese experiment started in complete silence, as all the cooks remaining bent over their allotted square of prep table and read the recipe. Again they were going to have to share the ingredients among them, but Sherlock had ordered in enough pipettes and rubber tubing for everyone. John was tempted to jump in and do his own version, just to give the noodle thing another go. He'd have to get Sherlock to show him again.
“Ready to do this?”
"I…can't say."
His tone is careful and measured, as though he’s not sure he should be asking. John looks up and meets Sherlock’s eyes with a reassuring smile.
“Good,” John says with a satisfied nod.
“Did you sleep with her?”
"Just tell me. I need to know."
Sherlock whimpers as John carefully pulls out of him. He looks an absolute mess – his hair is hopelessly tangled, his lips are swollen and red, and his abdomen is sticky with his release. John finds it incredibly hot but feels a sudden wave of need to take care of his dishevelled lover. Sherlock’s eyes are still closed and the bites and bruises are already showing up on his pale flesh, and his hands and wrists, still bound by the metal cuffs, look raw and painful. John unlocks the cuffs and tenderly takes Sherlock into his arms as he continues to whimper.
"Please, John?"
John instantly regretted being speaking so harshly, but Mycroft's very presence here was grating on him. He glanced back meaningfully, trying to apologise without words. Sherlock seemed to read the message, for his face relaxed slightly and he sat down on the sofa, gesturing for John to sit beside him. Mycroft resumed his position in the armchair and John briefly wondered how anyone could make a chair as comfortable as that look so much the opposite. He crossed his legs and folded his hands neatly on his lap, observing John once again in his usual shrewd manner.
Sherlock hums noncommittally and turns his attention to John.
For a moment Mycroft said nothing, but John didn't miss the flash of something like regret that crossed his usually frozen features. He found himself curious despite his current feelings towards the man.
John increased the pace of his movement, insanely turned on by Sherlock's moans, and continued until he was satisfied that Sherlock was ready for more. He gently withdrew his fingers and Sherlock whimpered slightly at the loss of contact.
"God Sherlock, are you really here, am I really kissing you, touching you?"
"You were grieving," Sherlock had broken in insistently, almost sharply, but his expression had been warm and John had seen compassion there that he damn well knew he didn't deserve.
John ignored it and stared directly into Mycroft's eyes, his expression stony.
had a sexual relationship after all? Does this mean he’s gay?), but he pushes these aside. He knows it’s not really his place to push for more information and, more importantly, right now his friend is asking for his support.
"Try to relax," John replied, stroking his hair and temple soothingly and placing a gentle kiss on his lips.
He’s not sure how to finish that sentence because he knows, realistically, that there’s no justification for him to feel this way. Yet, he does.
“I know. And you’re welcome,” Sherlock replies with a soft smile.
"I know," John had interrupted. "But I wanted to."
John sighed and pulled away from Sherlock, wiping at the tears with the sleeve of his jumper. If only it was that simple.
"No," John replied quickly. "I mean…I'd like you to stay for awhile. Please."
"You should have trusted me, Sherlock. I've never given you a reason not to. And the whole time you were gone I never doubted you for a minute, never believed a word anyone said about you. Because I
“I’m not his type,” Brian replies with a small, sad smile.
Sherlock's voice trailed off helplessly, but he seemed determined to finish.
It helped that Sherlock could retreat to his basement flat if he needed peace and quiet, or an answer that only a gruesome experiment could solve. John was relieved that Rosie had been sleeping solidly through the night after several months of being unsettled and without a proper routine. Unfortunately the same couldn’t be said for John and his persistent nightmares, but he was grateful that at least in his sleep deprived state he was able to settle Rosie without too much trouble into her cot in the room they shared upstairs, keeping a baby monitor close at hand in the lounge room.
Sherlock’s frustration is growing and John registers that he did do that – though it seems a lifetime ago in some ways – not long after Mary had died and before his confession about his own text affair and subsequent breakdown.
John looks up from the sporting section of the paper from where he’s sitting opposite Sherlock.
"But the job isn't done yet," Mycroft continued. "Several members of Moriarty's web are still at large. And there is still the matter of clearing Sherlock's name. I was hoping that we would be able to rely on your assistance, John."
“It will be fine, Sherlock. It was a long time ago, as you said. You’re doing him a favour and can just keep things professional yeah? And I’ll be right there with you.”
John nods, already feeling exhausted at the thought of wrenching himself open again in just two short weeks, but he knows it’s necessary.
At that Sherlock lunges towards John, face buried in the space between John’s neck and the scar on his bad shoulder. John finally throws his arms around Sherlock’s frame, pulling him closer and feels him trembling uncontrollably.
John ignores this insult in favour of dealing with the issue at hand.
John had thought furiously once he’d recovered from his embarrassment). But if Sherlock had noticed, as John was sure he had, he said nothing.
“What about the professor then? You said you knew him when you studied at Cambridge?”
This time it was Sherlock who spoke up.
“I meant with…Professor Soames.”
John had nodded again. He had found that his ability to utilise the English language had been suddenly and almost completely stunted during these early counseling sessions. For the most part he forced out strangled phrases, and occasionally full sentences, whilst trying not to cry.
John couldn't help but crack a small smile, and he considered the text briefly before shooting off his reply.
“Nothing like that, I’m afraid,” Mycroft replies evenly, setting down his mug and folding his hands neatly in his lap.
Sherlock nodded and seemed to mentally steel himself.
"Because you're a good man," John replied without having to think, his hand stilling.
"It's not okay," he replied in a shaky voice.
“Of course I will,” John replies, excusing himself only briefly to pop to his own room and change into sleepwear.
John feels his fist clench involuntarily but the tension eases slightly at the polite but uninterested smile he gives Soames, whose own charming smile falters in response. John has the distinct feeling he’s not used to being rejected and feels a spike of satisfaction at Sherlock’s small victory. Sherlock turns to him with a more genuine smile.
“Yes, John, all of that. Please,” he says breathlessly, sounding broken.
John’s voice had been slightly shaky but there was humour in his words, an attempt to break some of the tension. Sherlock had smiled and thrown him a wink.
"I'm the only one who's ever been inside you," John pants, "do you like that?"
But things were different now. He was starting to accept that, and was even starting to be able to feel grateful for the time they had spent together instead of grieving the loss of future adventures. He'd had to start working again but he was still helping Lestrade with cases— Sherlock had taught him well and John was more often than not able to add valuable insight that would have otherwise gone overlooked. He owed Sherlock that, thought John. He would never let the Science of Deduction die.
Sherlock’s deep chuckle seems to reverberate through John’s chest and he joins in, feeling some of the tightness melt away. Their laughter fades but John can sense their mutual smiles through the inky blackness of the room.
They stare at each other in icy silence for several long moments. John feels desperately torn between wanting to help in somehow and not wanting to get in the way.
. Sherlock seems to be accepting this well, throwing him the occasional quizzical look but largely not protesting when John makes his favourite dinner or brings his preferred takeaway for lunch on his way back from the clinic, or when he allowed Sherlock to openly criticise the homicide show he was attempting to watch on the telly. He even offered to pick up specimens from Molly’s lab for Sherlock’s experiment without complaining once, though he’d been careful not to look too carefully at the sealed container he’d been given.
John’s wedding had been the catalyst for a few more surreal moments. It had allowed John to see a side of Sherlock he hadn’t even known existed – for example, who would have thought that Sherlock was such a skilled dancer? But then of course he was,
He smiles to himself and relaxes back into the pillow, feeling guilty for wanting five more minutes. But his alarm clock tells him that it’s still early and his foggy mind reminds him that yet again he didn’t have the best night’s sleep. He heaves a heavy sigh, wondering how long it will be before he stops feeling so broken. He knows he’s come a long way from where he was just after Mary’s death, but he’s exhausted from the nightmares, from the guilt that still gnaws at him, from the effort of trying to be a better father, friend, doctor…and whatever role it was that he played in his work with Sherlock. He’s beyond grateful for all the help that everyone has given him and he knows that his support network will be there for him through anything he needs. But he’s not even sure what he needs anymore.
“Things ended badly,” Sherlock continues, “which led to me making some regrettable decisions. But it was a long time ago, and we both moved on. A few years ago we got back in contact and since then we’ve kept in touch, albeit infrequently. Then, as you know, he requested my assistance and I decided I would accept…only now I’m not convinced that was the wisest decision.”
"Or we could just..." Sherlock tried again, before recapturing John's lips with more ferocity than before.
"Just let go, Sherlock. Give yourself to me," John whispered hotly into Sherlock's ear.
“Do you feel that you would ever want to take things further with Sherlock?”
“Not that, you git,” John teases.
“How do you know it won’t become something more?” he asks carefully.
"You two obviously have matters to discuss, so I will leave you in peace."
He starts to thrust hard into Sherlock, the detective’s hips coming up to meet his in their frantic rhythm, and he tightens his grip of Sherlock’s hair, pulling forcefully to expose more of his neck.
John allowed himself to be lead, a numb feeling spreading over both mind and body, clinging to Sherlock's arm and leaning against him slightly. Sherlock's familiar frame against his own was undeniably comforting as they made their way down the quiet street in silence and entered John's flat. Sherlock deposited John in his armchair and crouched in front of him, taking John's hands in his own.
All in all, though it could have gone worse, it probably hadn’t been the best use of their time. But John finds that he can't bring himself to be even a little bit mad because no sooner had they wrapped things up had Sherlock been suggesting that they don't hurry home and instead stay to enjoy the peace and quiet.
"And do you
“Listen, thanks again for being there for me last night. It…helped.”
Not long after, John lies in his bed in a half-hearted attempt to get to sleep. He knows it’s futile – his mind is claustrophobic from too many questions, and an overwhelming sense of guilt is pressing upon him from all sides. Suddenly his attacks on Sherlock in the past seem a thousand times worse, and a strong part of him keeps insisting that he’s no different to the monsters who did this to Sherlock. He’s sickened when he remembers how he tackled Sherlock to the ground when he had first reappeared in John’s life…when the wounds would still have been fresh and hurting him.
“Yes John,” comes Sherlock’s soft but certain reply.
"That's almost exactly what Mrs Hudson said."
"I never minded."
He applies a little pressure, intensifying his kissing, sucking and biting of Sherlock’s flesh, speeding up the movement of his hand around his cock, until the detective is writhing beneath him, moaning freely now.
“Not interrupting anything, Mrs Hudson” John had said quickly, clearing his throat. “We’re just having a little dance practice…you know,
“I do know that he’s never…been with anyone before…but I don’t know the details, or if he’s wanted to or…”
He took another deep, fortifying breath before continuing.
“Good,” says John shortly, then abruptly tears himself away from Sherlock’s silken skin and reaches into his jacket pocket.
John had huffed out a small exhalation of relief and pulled Sherlock into a brief, slightly clumsy hug, which Sherlock had returned with surprising ease.
John sighed. "Sherlock, I—"
"And yet you brought—? Never mind." John rubbed his palms across the knees of his jeans and sighed. When they arrived, he would certainly refuse to carry them up the stairs.
He sighed, as if my demands were in any way inconvenient to him, as if his own prick wasn’t a hard ridge against mine, and began to move back and forth atop me, grinding us together. I clung to him, kissing him frantically, my hands on his face and his back and running up and down his ribs. I pushed my fingers into his hair, ruining that part of his morning routine, and let the orgasm build hot and heavy in my gut.
Mycroft turned slowly to look at John.
I finished my breakfast while Lestrade gave us some more particulars, although eating during his story was not one of the better decisions I've ever made. Holmes asked a few more questions while I finished my toilet, and then we were climbing into a four-wheeler and making our way across the river. Lestrade and I were silent while Holmes gazed out the window, deep in thought. The clear weather had followed us back to the city, and the sun shone in the sky, promising the return of the summer warmth. I had started to dream of staying out in the country; the heat of summer brought the pungent aroma of London up from the depths of the Thames, and the smog would be hanging in the air again soon. I thought about Ferrymore Bridge and its clean air, its light skies, and the sinister opinion Holmes had of the countryside. Perhaps he'd take convincing to move out of London with me. Perhaps since we were married now, the convincing wouldn't be so arduous.
"Yes. Okay, yes. You want to hear me say it, I'll say it. I, John-straight-as-a-plank-Watson, was in love with Sherlock Holmes. Am in love with Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock half choked on the last few words, his throat tight and several large tears escaping from his eyes and rolling down his porcelain face. He didn't bother trying to hide them.
"Only if you get in with me," he replies and John chuckles lightly.
He flushed ever so slightly at the last part, shooting Mycroft a quick glance as though he expected him to laugh or say something insulting. But Mycroft continued to stare at his shoes as though their highly polished surface were fascinating to him, apparently uninterested in his brother's obvious discomfort.
Sherlock listens for a moment, a frown forming across his features.
“We’re not leaving until tomorrow afternoon, you’ve plenty of time to make the necessary arrangements,” Sherlock replies flippantly, then holds up his phone, where he has the Air B & B app open.
Okay so that chapter was basically all porn *whistles* I REGRET NOTHING. Slightly shorter chapter but I hope you all enjoyed it. I don't write a lot of smut to be honest so hopefully it was to everyone's...satisfaction (pun very much intended).
Mrs Hudson backs off slightly but tsk tsks, wringing her hands together tightly.
“Hmm?”
He firmly grips it and carefully eases it out, watching Sherlock’s face as he whimpers at the loss. But he doesn’t feel empty for long because John is pressing slick fingers against him before slowly pushing them inside. Sherlock hisses as they enter him fully and John knows what Sherlock wants. He leans back over the man as he slowly fucks him with his fingers and kisses him once, softly, lovingly. The calm before the storm. A few moments pass and the tension within both of them increases rapidly.
Sherlock continued the movement and John found that he could think of nothing other than the incredible feel of Sherlock's long fingers wrapped around him, his exquisitely soft lips against his own...it was perfect and he was drowning in the sensation, dying the most sublime death. He strongly suspected that he wasn't going to last long at this rate, especially not when Sherlock started whispering in his ear in a particularly deep tone of voice that drove John half mad with pleasure.
“But, John,” Sherlock complains, “It’s barely more than a scratch, I really think you’re over--”
"And where was that exactly?" Sherlock asked, looking straight at John now.
He was dragged from his thoughts when Sherlock re-entered the room and reached for the bottle of wine, opening it and pouring them both a generous serve. Then he turned to John and handed one glass to him. John accepted it with a "cheers" and took a large sip. He didn't quite know what to say or what to do so he settled for saying nothing, but he felt Sherlock's intense gaze upon him. Just then he noticed Sherlock's violin in its usual case resting on the coffee table, and he had a sudden overwhelming desire to hear Sherlock play again.
"Clothes," John managed to gasp. "Too many clothes."
"You're amazing, John Watson."
Please note that I intentionally haven't used years in this timeline. Ideas sourced from reading a variety of sources, but since it's widely accepted that there are timeline ambiguities/inconsistencies, it's really just my guess and what works for the purposes of this story.
"Christ, you're so fucking hot, Sherlock, you're so fucking perfect," he gasps, collapsing spent beside and partially on top of his partner.
“You know, for a self-confessed sociopath, you’re not too bad at dealing with an emotional wreck.”
By this point it was getting late so Sherlock suggested takeaway back at the apartment and John (along with his growling stomach) readily agreed. It was after ten when they made it back to the apartment, and Sherlock went straight about ordering Uber Eats whilst John got to work on setting a fire in the small, modern fireplace.
"It's not…that simple. I wish it were. I know that you did what you did to protect me, but you have to understand that this is a lot to take in and I can't just…pick up where we left off."
Sherlock nodded, taking in her words, his mind racing.
“For now,” Sherlock continues quickly.
“Well, you’re right, it’s fairly superficial and it won’t need stitches. But I’ll need to clean it up and bandage it.”
"I suppose what I'm really worried about is that I'll only disappoint him."
(See the end of the chapter for
They’ve just finished devouring a satisfying lunch and are onto their second pint of the afternoon when Sherlock’s phone rings. He extracts it from his blazer and makes a face that leaves little room for interpretation as to the caller.
“Its fine, John. I’m fine. It was…admittedly uncomfortable seeing him again. But if anything, it confirmed how far I’ve come since then,” Sherlock says thoughtfully, and John nods in agreement.
He leans back against his desk with his arms folded petulantly, and now that his blazer and coat are off, John observes that his dark shirt is ripped and stained but there’s not a large amount of blood. He notes that Sherlock looks a bit drained, but not visibly in a great deal of pain. There’s a loaded pause and Mrs Hudson promptly gathers her crotchet work from the arm of John’s chair. John lips quirk into a half smile when he notices that she’s working on another tiny jacket for Rosie, mint green this time.
at Baker Street, it suddenly occurred to him that John was his whole world. He was everything that had, or ever would, matter to him. Almost the only thing that mattered to him, aside from his work. He knew then that he had his answer, but something was holding him back. The whole idea of a relationship was, and always had been, problematic to him. He'd never been in one and had absolutely no evidence to suggest that he wouldn't be terrible at it. There were few things in life that Sherlock would admit to being terrible at, but he strongly suspected that this was one of them. Surely John would eventually tire of his mood swings, his tantrums when he was bored, his single mindedness whilst he was heavily entrenched in a case. And then he would leave and Sherlock would be alone again, only this time he would know what he was missing. The thought seemed to strike him right through his heart, even though he knew that was silly to think that heart-wrenching sentiments could manifest themselves into physical symptoms. But what he knew and what he felt had become blurred in a way that they never had before he met John. Did that mean he should give it a chance? He didn't have the answer to that question, a feeling he was gradually becoming more and more used to when it came to John, and he found it immensely frustrating.
"Mrs Hudson, please," Sherlock interrupted, already starting to seriously rethink this whole plan.
“You lost your wife less than a year ago and you’ve had to adjust to being a full time parent. That’s a lot for anyone to deal with. In addition to the new living situation, it’s to be expected that you’ll feel confused and fatigued.”
“What happened?”
“I haven’t, John, I promise,” he says thickly.
"In any case, I felt after that incident that I had somewhat underestimated Moriarty and his reach. I knew that if I didn't act he would and that we would eventually both be killed in the process. So I took matters into my own hands."
John lets out a slightly exasperated puff of air.
The words had been hard to get out, not because he didn't mean them but because he still couldn't wrap his head around what he had done, even though the physical evidence was quite literally staring him in the face.
At first he sees nothing, but then as he turns he can make out a small huddled figure in the shadows against one of the pillars. John picks up his pace again and can’t stop his breath from catching in his throat as he sees Sherlock. He’s sat leant against a dirty wall, his legs drawn up to his chest. He’s soaking wet from the weather and is shivering in his thin shirt and blazer, appearing far too small for such a tall and usually imposing man, and looking stiff, uncomfortable and unbearably lost. But his face. John’s heart cracks at the sight of his face. Sherlock looks utterly broken. In three strides John is at his side. He’s desperate to embrace the man and fighting a raging battle against the desire to throw his arms around Sherlock’s vulnerable frame. But he has to assess and respect Sherlock’s current emotional state and possible need for space. Sherlock’s eyes flick up and towards John’s but won’t meet them.
John doesn't answer right away, struggling with how to phrase it.
"I know. And I'm sorry. God I'm so sorry."
“Well, I’d best be getting back downstairs, loves, so I’ll leave you to it. Goodnight you two.”
John’s heart sinks a little at these words. Now he
After that John tries to speak as little as possible because, curious though he is, he doesn’t trust himself not to say or do something that would embarrass Sherlock. Instead, he focuses on Sherlock as he navigates around the computer system, clicking various things and asking questions every now and then. It’s quickly apparent that one of their key suspects is Brian, one of Soames’s PhD students and his assistant. Soames tells them that he’s asked Brian to come by his office, so Sherlock and John will be able to question him. It’s obvious that Soames doesn’t think him at fault, and equally as obvious that he’s already Sherlock’s number one suspect. They’re interrupted a short while later by a gentle knock on the door and Soames introduces Sherlock and John to Brian.
"John, please," Sherlock cried out, catching John's arm.
"It does matter, John. It matters a lot. Everything you have been through matters," he said forcefully.
John is deep within this little daydream when he hears it. The unmistakable sound of a breathy moan, erotic to the point of being obscene and more than a little exaggerated. John’s head snaps up and he feels himself bristle immediately, a reaction dazzling in its predictability. Sherlock refuses to meet John’s eyes, but his cheeks have coloured slightly as he silently reaches into his robe for his phone. John clears his throat but looks back down at his book, willing himself to say nothing. That lasts for approximately five seconds.
“Oh it’s my pleasure, John, she’s never a bother,” she says, dismissing his praise with a slight blush and a wave of her hands.
John shook his head again.
“Fine,” he bites out finally, starting to unbutton his shirt reluctantly.
"Feels good," he moaned incoherently, moving his hips against John's hand, wanting more.
Sherlock shakes his head forcefully.
"Yes I'm here and I'm yours John, I'm all yours, I've only ever been yours."
“There was no connection,” he says, and John almost winces at how dead and emotionless his voice sounds.
John nodded.
“Alright, I’ll tell you,” Sherlock says impatiently, the statement coming out of nowhere.
And he’s burning to ask the question he most desperately wants the answer to – “and how do you feel about
John had nodded, still finding it difficult to talk about. He hadn't been entirely able to place what the problem was. Was he worried about what other people would think? He didn't think that was it- most people he and Sherlock had met automatically assumed that they were a couple anyway. It happened with such alarming regularity that John had given up correcting them, finding that it bothered him less and less each time. So if he wasn't bothered by that, was he bothered by what he thought of himself? For awhile he had pushed the question deep down, despairing in the fact that he would never be able to truly find out since the one person who invoked those feelings was gone forever. When that hadn't worked he had spent months debating with himself and interrogating his own feelings to the point that by the time Sherlock had reappeared he had almost convinced himself that he had imagined the whole attraction. Almost, but not quite. And then Sherlock had turned up and shattered all pretense into a million broken shards. John's feelings for the man were as strong as ever before and no matter how much he wanted to hate Sherlock, wanted to punish him for what he had put him through, all he could do was gravitate towards him as though some kind of magnetism were drawing him there.
“Did I hurt you?”
They dazedly rose off the couch, still holding on to one another, half halfheartedly cleaning up the mess they had made, not bothering to put their clothes back on, and stumbling to Sherlock's room. They did all this without a word- there seemed to be an understanding that nothing needed to be said, at least not right now. They fell into bed, kissing lazily, and John settled comfortably onto Sherlock's chest. Sherlock let his fingers spider through John's hair and John relaxed into his touch, feeling content for the first time since Sherlock had disappeared, and fell quickly asleep.
Their eyes lock and John feels a slight shiver at Sherlock’s expression of cold desperation, his own expression a silent plea. He attempts to draw the man closer to him, and for a moment it seems that Sherlock will accept the comfort. But then he’s pushing John away, firmly but not forcefully, his gaze now trained to the floor.
“The body,” he says suddenly, bluntly.
Sherlock remained silent but stepped towards John, his hand moving to caress the side of John's face, his body moving in to hold him. And John wanted to accept the comfort, wanted nothing more than to reach up and allow Sherlock to capture his lips, to loose himself in the splendor of sensation and emotion. But he couldn't, not right now. He pushed Sherlock away gently, trying to ignore his wounded expression, and headed for the stairs.
“Oh,” he says, taken aback.
“Now here’s what’s going to happen,” John says, his tone slipping into the note of military command that he knows drives Sherlock absolutely wild.
"I love you too," he replies with effort.
Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, and John said nothing for a moment, still haunted by the shadow of his nightmare.
"Do you still see her?"
"I know you're sore, sweetheart, but I have to make sure you're okay. I’ll be gentle," he explains softly.
He drops another delicate kiss on his temple, and the fight leaves Sherlock's body as he finally succumbs to his weariness, feeling perfectly safe and content in his lover's embrace.
“Nothing all that special really. Just life. You having some time away for yourself. Enjoy it,” he says, raising his glass.
Mrs Hudson nodded understandingly and reached across the table to pat Sherlock's hand.
“Yes, John, I thought I heard--”
He recounts the event in as little detail as possible, feeling mortified at having to divulge something so personal.
again, and John grits his teeth. It’s Sherlock who speaks first.
"Are you sure?"
John can’t blame him, feeling distinctly troubled himself at Mycroft’s unusual behaviour.
Another split chapter. The second part isn't too far away so I won't leave you hanging for long. As always, comments are love!
– makes his heart throb painfully, though he think he understands and appreciates his reasons. He hopes Sherlock isn’t too sorry that John now knows his secret, or one of them at least. He allows the scene to play over in his mind once more, just as he had a multitude of times the night before as he lay in bed, waiting fruitlessly for sleep to claim him. He feels as though he’s analysed the interaction a thousand times, going over and over it in his head to pick apart his actions. He remembers how his friend’s warm skin had felt under his palm and how Sherlock had seemed to have found some small comfort in the way John had rested it there. He thought of how easily Sherlock had slipped into bed beside him. He couldn’t deny that it had felt nice…new, yet somehow blessedly familiar. Could it be that, just maybe, these small displays of affection were helping them both heal? Could it be that they both needed this?
“This is my colleague and blogger, Doctor John Watson.”
"Okay?" he whispered, placing tiny kisses down Sherlock's brow, cheek and lips.
"Touch me, John."
"I'm not leaving you, John. Come on," he replied, rising from his chair and gently but firmly taking John's arm and leading him towards the exit.
"We chatted for awhile which was all very nice until he casually informed me that he had snipers at the ready trained on you, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade." He paused. "My only three friends in the world, as he so eloquently phrased it."
He looked to his feet again, fingers fidgeting with his umbrella in a way that was most uncharacteristic, and when he spoke again his voice was soft and low and more human than John had heard it since Sherlock had left.
Sherlock is very still and seems to be holding his breath in anticipation of what John will do next.
"No, not a row," Sherlock said, interrupting her again. "Rather the opposite, really," he confessed quietly, hoping that his cheeks didn't look as hot as they felt.
The room is silent for a few moments.
“Quite the contrary,” he responds sharply, “it’s an honour to work with someone as brilliant as Sherlock.”
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock's length, stroking him gently, and the thought flashed through him that it was strange that this didn't feel strange. He'd never even come close to doing anything sexual with another man, and yet this felt right. It felt
Sherlock sighed deeply and lent back, steepling his fingers in front of his face.
John raises his eyebrows, a little relieved that at least Sherlock’s nervous state hasn’t rendered him entirely speechless.
And his heart melted as Sherlock's face transitioned from surprise to relief to what could only be described as delight. But he had more to say before he could truly bask in that perfect expression.
"John, as you know, I am a very important man. I could not simply disappear for months on end for the sake of my baby brother's vendettas. I knew that he was more than capable of handling things on his own and that he would contact me for assistance if and when required, which he did."
“I do,” Sherlock agrees. “Thank you.”
He thrust up into John's hand, impatiently. John was very briefly torn between giving Sherlock what he wanted and making him wait, driving him mad with the anticipation, but decided against it, too aroused to be bothered with games right now. So he complied with Sherlock's request, slipping his hand inside both trousers and underwear to caress his hardness. They both moaned at the contact, mouths still kissing and sucking and nipping. John's growing arousal was making him desperate for some contact, some friction, anything, so he guided Sherlock's hand to the bulge in his jeans and groaned when Sherlock rubbed him hard. A moment later Sherlock had unbuttoned and unzipped him and was pulling his jeans and boxers down enough to wrap his long fingers around John's cock. John was groaning again, scrambling to unbutton Sherlock's shirt, touching his skin, breaking away from his lips to trail kisses down his neck. Sherlock gasped softly and John smiled against his skin and licked up his neck to the spot just behind his ear, feeling the gentle tickle of curls still damp with raindrops against his face.
"Lestrade," he muttered. "I'd better take this."
Sherlock didn't look surprised or bothered by the question.
"Absolutely."
He uses one hand to firmly hold Sherlock’s wrists in place above his head, threading the other into his hair once more. John slides almost all the way out of Sherlock before slamming back in hard. They both groan roughly and John’s mouth again goes to Sherlock’s throat, frantically kissing, licking and nipping at his flesh as his desire starts to build to the point of being unbearable.
Sherlock nodded emphatically, thrusting into John's hand and pulling him in for a passionate kiss. He reached for John's free hand and interlaced John's fingers with his own.
“It’s fine, really. I’m just glad you’re doing better.”
“Are you wearing it?” John growls, and Sherlock manages to nod.
“Despite the increased security at Sherrinford, Eurus managed to escape again. She took out security personnel and temporarily disabled the surveillance, though we're still not entirely sure how. By the time the situation was escalate it was too late. Eurus was already outside and they couldn't reach her in time. She threw herself off the cliff.”
"I realised that...I love you. That I'm
"I'm sure you're as brilliant as ever. I'd love to hear you play. I've missed it."
Sherlock huffs in an exaggerated way, as though it’s all terribly inconvenient, then sets his phone down on the arm of his chair and steeples his fingers in front of him.
“John, I didn’t mean…I only meant that-”
The words are out of his mouth before he’s even had a chance to register them. He curses internally at his neediness, at putting Sherlock in such a position when even the most everyday social encounters can be baffling to him. But Sherlock appears unfazed by the request and he’s already moving back towards the bed, towards John.
I didn’t know the Superintendent personally, but my brother probably did, so the threat carried enough weight.
The first week of business went so smoothly that John was half-expecting the disaster that struck on the second night of Restaurant Week. They had a dining room full of people—strangers, actual paying customers with actual expectations—and they were experiencing demand for the entirety of the menu, prix fixe and a la carte. John was standing at the kitchen door, keeping an eye on the floor and having a muttered conversation with Lestrade about which waiters they wanted to keep when the sound of a commotion broke out in the kitchen.
"Thank you," he murmured, leaning in. He sat back again and sighed.
"I'm going to come," John elaborated, unnecessary, unable to help himself. He could feel himself stiffening, hips rising. He sucked in a breath, trying to prolong the pleasure, but it was over when Sherlock moaned in response, encouraging him. John's orgasm felt like it started in his spine, pushing him forward, deep into Sherlock's mouth, and he groaned aloud as he spurted. He could feel Sherlock's wet fingers around the base of his cock, pressed against Sherlock's tight lips, and the tension all through Sherlock's body. Sherlock held his breath as John filled his mouth. John's head thumped back against the wall, hips jerking as he pulsed, and he cradled Sherlock's head tenderly, gasping at the ceiling.
A scrape on the gravel around the corner reminded us we were in public and probably not as alone as we thought. Though this kiss had been legalized and we were technically protected, it felt strange and exposed. I sat back from Holmes as a young couple— a man and a woman— walked by, with their chaperone trailing behind. Holmes meanwhile stared at the ducks again, his cheeks pink. When the couple had gone, he looked at me, his silver eyes deep and intent, and said, "Let's go home."
Sherlock scowled, but he knew when he was beaten.
“Sherlock, they’re here to taste wine,” he said. “
"You do know food chemistry," Sherlock said. He slung his own towel over his shoulder, and suddenly he looked like the chef John had seen on YouTube. "But I'm not doing food chemistry, I'm doing molecular chemistry with food."
"Quite right," said he, pushing himself up again. We giggled, and then he knelt deliberately between my thighs and parted them with his warm hand.
“No, you don’t,” Sherlock said, glancing out the window. “Thank you for the tour, Mrs Hudson, that will be all.”
"I liked the black pepper in the last one."
Sherlock's hand tightened on John's knee briefly. "You will," he said. "You'll have to fill in for me sometime, I'm sure."
"Just as soon as we get some of this junk out—"
"No," Sherlock said, slapping down a jelly baby and cracking it in half. "The money is
He obliged, easing his fingers out and collecting another helping of Vaseline. This he smeared on himself, dark head bowed and fist working over his cock until I dug my toes into his hip crease and hissed, "Focus!"
“John Watson, the chap–”
"What, come 'round and been a dick to you in front of your partner and your staff? I don't think it'll get you anywhere. He's a restaurant reviewer, not a criminal mastermind." John sighed. "Sherlock, forget it. He'll write what he's going to write, and we'll deal with it when it comes out. It's not life-or-death."
Watson looked at me again, taking in the blush, the pillow, my loosened tie. He narrowed his eyes, coming around the settee to get a better look, and bumped the newspaper with his knee. It fell to the floor, revealing my book.
Sherlock vanished for a moment into a niche in the wall and came out again. "Place settings in there, cutlery, glasses, and so on. Service station can be there, by the door to the kitchen."
"Should we do breakfast at 221?"
Holmes groaned as I began to stroke him, my grip firm. As I worked his staff up and down, he began to leak over my fingers, slicking my way. My hand started to slide over his flesh, even though I kept my pace stately. He was breathing heavily, his eyes closed, the muscles in his abdomen and inner thighs tense.
that said, 'back soon' and absolutely no other information."
I owe much gratitude to 1electricpirate and Jaradel_ for their support and sharp eyes, and to cacheth for the occasional plot consultation. I couldn't have finished this without you ladies.
of gentlemen’s club.
"Oi!" John yelled back, his heart rate already rocketing. "Name calling's really not necessary!"
"There's a reason you keep me around," John reminded him.
“We don’t have all evening!” Sherlock boomed, when the gellification of the bell pepper wasn’t moving quickly enough for him.
"You emailed them, then?"
The sous chefs were more difficult. John was feeling picky, and his candidates weren't measuring up to what he was hoping for. Finally, he interviewed two in a row that he liked: Andy Dimmock and Toni Gregson were both extremely competent and professional, well-qualified, and though they paled a bit at the information that they'd be working under Sherlock Holmes, they each pulled themselves together and assured John that it wouldn't be a problem. Dimmock had worked for Gordon Ramsay and Gregson for Simpson's in the Strand, so John believed them. He certainly believed that they would stand up to Sherlock's wrath better than Molly would, regardless of what Sherlock claimed to know about her.
Sherlock was seated at the kitchen table, wearing a long silk dressing gown over his T-shirt and pyjama pants, drinking a cup of coffee and staring unseeing at the morning
Sherlock put a mug down in front of him and sat down in the other chair. John hauled himself upright and picked up the mug. Sherlock regarded him for a long moment, blowing across the top of his own cup.
"You were dreaming about the fire," Sherlock said. His violin was sitting on the table, half-placed in its case, like it had been abandoned there in a hurry.
Reluctantly, John suggested, "We could go to mine."
She didn't answer. She turned away from him and raised her arm at a passing cab. It veered across the street to collect her, and she got in without looking back. As it pulled away, she gave John a two-fingered salute through the window for as long as he could see her.
"They won't!" Sherlock cried, throwing up his hands. "They'll eat what I tell them to, because what I want to give them is not a meal but an
"May I... untie your tie?" he asked.
My breath catches in my throat. This is madness. I want it. I lean forward and my lips meet his. How can they feel so normal? When he speaks, his mouth moves as a human's does; why expect this to be different?
"So we got the insurance on the restaurant after the fire," John concluded as they sat down, "but it's all gone to rehab of one sort or another, and severance for the employees, and my temporary place, and there isn't hardly enough left for start-up on a new venture is there?"
That evening, back in his flat, John looked Sherlock Holmes up on the internet. Holmes had his own website, which was primarily a blog of recipes and experiments that John skimmed, a Wikipedia entry (John had one too, and Harry had written most of it) and, for some reason, a dedicated fan site. The resounding consensus online (including on the fan site) was that Holmes was an absolutely unapologetic raging twat. And that he always looked good in pictures, even the candid ones.
"I'm sorry," I said, "I don't seem to have any control over the matter."
John looked down into his rice and stabbed it a few times. "It was affordable, after the fire," he admitted.
I closed my mouth, but by his expression I knew he could tell I didn't believe him. Around us, the fog moved eerily, opening to let light and voices slip through and then closing again before sense could be made of anything.
"Of course," said he. We sat side by side, just an inch or two apart, and gazed at the ducks on the pond. He was quiet, trying to decide how to broach the next topic.
"I love you, and I've always loved you, and I am determined to spend the rest of my life with you, and if you object of course I understand, and I won't force you to do anything you don't want, because causing you any sort of harm is abhorrent to me; the idea that—"
"Shut up," John said, "it's fine. Gregson, bring me a dustpan and broom. Bradstreet, pick up anything you can find that isn't shattered glass, and for God's sake don't cut yourself."
Holmes was silent for a long time, staring into the empty fireplace. He'd stopped pacing finally and come to sit beside me; I was almost close enough to touch his knee. The cigarette had gone out, but he was still holding it loosely in his hand.
John made a noise of approval, impressed that Sherlock had come up with something after all.
I was only too happy to oblige, rearranging the blankets over my shoulders and sliding down his body to kneel between his thighs. I stuck my middle finger in my mouth, tasting the salt wetness of his pre-ejaculate, and once it felt sufficiently slicked, pressed it against his fundament. I took his cock in my other hand, relishing his groan, and bent my head as I eased my finger in.
"Please stay," I said. "I don’t want to
"He remembers nothing?"
"I was prostituting myself with that bastard," he said. "And he did rob me."
"I'm, er. The cooks will be here in half an hour. I'm going to go back to mine and change into, er…." Something that didn't smell like Sherlock. "Something clean." He put the mug down on the table by the window. "I'll be back in two hours."
"John Watson," Mrs Hudson echoed, wrapping her fingers around his and smiling up into his face. "Such a treat to meet you! I watched every episode of
"No, no," he assured us, but I could tell that was exactly what was happening. "It's… no, don't worry, gentlemen." Worrying was quite out of the question, but I didn't tell him that. Jennings said, "Stay here, just a moment," and disappeared out the front door.
"Christ, Sherlock; my old floor manager, from Northumberland." He put his phone away again and picked up the notes. "I'm going to have dinner with her tonight, if that's all right with you."
Then the moment was over, and the thermometer was snatched from John’s hand.
It was a bit sad, really.
"I'm sure she will.  I'd expect nothing less, actually.  Eighteen months after the demise of your mutual business venture, and already you're hopping into bed with someone else."
The flat was chilly and bland, and John hurried to turn on the shower and heat up the bathroom before he undressed. He stared at his unoccupied bed, his characterless furniture, his limp blinds. This place was shit. At least at Baker Street, there was noise and life and no commute. And Sherlock. He wondered if he had taken Mrs Hudson up on her offer of the upstairs bedroom right away, whether they'd have slept together at all. Probably. Probably sooner than they had, really.
her colour."
“Family," John sighed.
"Holmes—" he began.
"Oh," said I, shifting in his embrace, embarrassed.
He closed and locked the sitting room door behind us. We took off our hats and jackets, changed into our house slippers, and then looked at one another, a little lost.
I lifted my head. "No, indeed?"
"Enough," Holmes gasped, pushing my hand away, "enough, enough." He was breathing hard, and the bedclothes beneath him were soaked. "By Jove, John."
older couple. Sherlock's spine straightened.
,” Sherlock scoffed, but John stood firm.
John cleared his throat, glancing at Mike for reassurance— and finding none, damn the man. Mike only shrugged and gave John a look that said, 'I told you so,' although he'd done nothing of the sort.
." I raised it again. "I've asked him to ensure I don't make it again, you see."
"Some of this is quite new, isn't it?" John asked. "Is that a centrifuge?"
of waiters. "Track 1 for one and Track 3 for two on table six, please, Chef."
He grasped my hands and helped me to my feet with a grunt. “You put yourself there,” he replied.
"I'm the Operations Manager at a catering company called Starlight Events, based in Wimbledon."
John looked up at him, eyes wide with wonder, lips parted around an exhale. Sherlock braced himself on his hands and leaned down, brushing his nose alongside John's for a moment before he kissed him. John groaned softly, kissing back, tongue flickering into Sherlock's mouth. His hands came up and traced Sherlock's ribs, mapping his waist, caressing his arse and thighs. Sherlock spread his knees and let himself settle astride John's hips, their cocks lining up perfectly. John was so hard, hot through his briefs, and the gentle roll of Sherlock's hips had him moaning aloud into Sherlock's mouth.
