, he said in a silent sigh. Suddenly, the steps that seemed doubtful going back and forth stopped, and Tony's heart too.
"Your souls seem to choose each other's body on purpose. Perhaps it is because you both must learn some lesson from the other. We are talking about an unique power, an energy that only you two in the end can control. "
Tony saw the painting and comprehended what Steve meant to say. His heart tightened in his chest of admiration for that extraordinary man. He took a look at Steve who continued captivated with the painting and went to walk. While passing by one aisle, his mind started to wander. He knew the rage had made him say unpleasant words to Steve, buy they only reflected the fear of facing a reality he could now recognize. Impossible to deny his attraction for Steve, but there was an inexplicable connection that made him want to always be by his side. Even when he was with Pepper, he had always felt it. During the 2 years Steve was away, he carried in his pockets the cellphone he gave him. Now he could also recognize it was a way to keep Steve near him, always present. His distance had always made him feel that strange emptiness, and now, he could feel complete.
It really was a wonderful place to spend a few days off, Steve thought. For Tony, it must have been wonderful to live there with Pepper and
Tony started running through the halls of the compound and found no one there. This was becoming a nightmare, no, perhaps he was dreaming and needed to wake up. He went to the door and when he opened it, the overwhelming silence was still there.
Steve broke apart and changed their positions but not before taking both Tony's hands and putting them on top of his head, holding them only with one of his. With his other hand Steve stroked his face slowly while they looked intensely at each other out of breath. Tony felt his whole body surrendered to Steve, and although he didn't want to admit it, there was something else that also surrendered to him. Steve slowly approached and licked Tony's bottom lip with his tongue before taking it between his teeth and biting it softly. Tony closed his eyes and felt that sweet torture repeated with his upper lips. When he felt he could not take it anymore, Steve used his tongue again to gently suck his lips over and over. Tony could feel how Steve made that moment eternal, so he could get drunk with the sublime touches. Nevertheless, the kiss was slowly gaining strength again, and Tony felt as Steve lifted one of his legs to get closer. They could feel their erections in that position, and inside the kiss, the moans of both were lost when they felt the friction caused by their hip movements. Suddenly, an alarm began to sound. For just a second, they were so immersed in each other that they didn't seem to hear it, but then they stopped kissing and looked into bewildered eyes.
he said with a sigh and looked at him with all the tenderness he could. Steve needed to make him feel he understood. That this even made him love him more, but he would have the strength for both. "You will be very happy.
While the engine of his car started, Tony returned to his life. Inside the house, a Steve Rogers from the future leaned on the back of the front door while tears invaded his face. His only companions at that moment, were lost in its short way.
Tony thought about going after her. But his heart warned him not to. He told himself he would not make her suffer and had to keep his promise. There were no more explanations, no words that could ease Pepper's pain. He couldn't believe she knew it. She knew him better than he knew himself. He would never stop loving her.
"I need some air. Can I go outside for a moment, doctor?" Tony asked Bruce, who smiled at the question.
” With that, Tony hummed again and then pressed firmly on Steve’s perineum, who arched his back again with a very loud moan.
When they entered the dining room, Natasha and Rhodey were standing around the table talking pleasantly. Steve wasn't there; it was the first thing Tony noticed.
, it was so easy to get rid of that towel in his imagination and see Steve completely naked. Tony wanted to lick every inch of that body, touch it, caress it and watch him moan.
Steve lifted him, and Tony wrapped his legs around him. Tony kissed him desperately while Steve took them inside the house. When they entered, Steve kicked the front door to close it while leaning Tony against a wall to continue kissing him. Steve missed Tony's moans when he kissed him, they were his delight. He went to his neck to suck that sensitive spot he knew made Tony groan and say his name. "
." He raised his face to see Rhodey who looked at him with concern and understanding. "I'll have to live my days without her,
Tony laughed, «I'm fine, really. And no, I'm not drunk,» Tony replied to him and heard the soft laughter of Steve. «How is everything there?» he asked Rhodey.
Steve had now his arms leaning on his legs and glanced at him. "I don't know how I fell asleep too," he said smiling.
Steve slowly went down kissing his neck, licking him, savoring his skin again. Then his lips started kissing his chest taking each nipple inside his mouth to suck it gently, and Tony gasped. He was exploring Tony's body with his hands, lips and tongue, stroking it, caressing it, until he was on his knees in front of him. Tony's cock was so hard already it was a relief when Steve tugged down his boxers and let his erection spring free. Steve gave a firm stroke to his cock and the simple touch made Tony moaned loudly. Then Steve took his cock right into his mouth and Tony grabbed the edge of the counter with his hands. At least this time he had something to lean on. Because Steve mouth was to much hot and wet, and his tongue was very clever. As if it had learned the lesson from the previous day and knew how to repeat every movement that made Tony groans. He didn't think he would ever quite get used to. He was melting against Steve’s ministrations.
"Are you sure?" Pepper told him concerned. "I know you don't like taking medication, but I better bring you something. You don't look good, Love." Pepper came over and ran her hand over his face.
Tony bit his lower lip. "Playing the bad boy, Captain," Tony raised an eyebrow, looking at him fiercely.
Steve took a deep breath and unwittingly his voice came out with a tint of defeat and resignation. «I don't know how to answer your questions without fucking up everything more than I have done». He sat on the bed and covered his face with his hands. It was truly difficult to accept it at that moment, but he felt trapped in his own cage, one he had built with his fears and the desperation of longing.
«You know I have a flying suit, right?» said Tony pointing out. «I live on a constant roller coaster.  And to tell you the truth, at first it was not easy to get used to it»
"Our goal, contain, not attack," said Steve looking at Rhodey who nodded. "We will leave early tomorrow. It will be better for everyone to rest tonight."
was not enough. He wanted to show Tony he was his world and wanted with all his soul to live by his side forever.
Tony raised an eyebrow and turned to see Steve. "Good question, but since you were looking for the Captain here. I will let him tell you," he said looking at the girls and stepping aside. Steve's eyes told him he was going to pay dearly for putting him in that predicament. Tony couldn't help but bit his lip and gave him a naughty look. Steve stared at his lips for a moment, but then turned to look at the girls. The three were waiting for the answer to the very important question they had asked.
"I was," Tony responded by looking at him intensely, and Steve licked his lower lip. He needed to focus at dinner, Tony thought.
Tony didn't know how long he was standing there, and he didn't think he looked crazy because he was talking alone. But he felt much better for having done it.
Tony laughed, "You know, I thought about it too," he said. "Well, at least some days of vacations could do. Have you ever gone on vacation?" Tony asked curiously.
A few minutes passed and Steve pulled away a little to open the zipper of Tony's pants and introduce his hand.
Steve approached slowly until he was in front of him. He put his hands inside Tony's pants and took his erection hard. Tony let out the breath he lost when Steve began to approach. He knew that with just a stroke Steve gave his cock he would come immediately. As if reading his mind, Steve gave his cock a stroke and Tony groaned loudly closing his eyes.
Tony got up from his chair, took a few steps to the front and looked up at the sky closing his eyes. Summer would be gone soon, and the breeze that followed that sunset was a sign of the rain to come.
They were in the bathroom. Both took a shower together, and Steve helped Tony the best he could in the bath. But now Tony insisted he could shave himself.
Steve returned to the hangar and found Bruce still speaking with Rocket. Luckily, Tony was already gone.
"Oh sure, he said it early." Tony said nodding. That was Steve's way of feeling better. As always very noble of him, to help others, Tony thought. "Chinese is then."
"Your grandfather believed the winds gave breath to living beings. They awakened the sleeping souls in our bodies. This great wind today is awakening many," said the dad and blew on the forehead of the girl who softly laughed.
"I think it has everything in the closet. Towels, sheets, blankets, but anything you need I am here next door," Tony told him, trying to speak very objectively. Of course he was not implying anything by telling him that his room was just next door.
, Tony thought. Steve immediately smiled pleased to see him and Tony's heart skipped a beat as if he had years without seeing him. Steve approached Tony and took the beer he had in his hand to drink a little.
“I need to go,” Tony repeated out of breath and made an attempt to leave, but Steve was hugging him from behind.
"For you, Love," Tony raised his glass and they toasted. After drinking, Tony took the glass from Steve hand and put them on the table. He turned to Steve, took him by the hand and brought him to the center of the porch. "Friday, put on some music."
"I do," Steve smiled kissing him softly. "We must return," he said sighing and resting his forehead on Tony's.
"Good morning boys," Natasha said to Bruce and Tony who were talking in the kitchen discussing their advance in the Extremis formula.
"Another important point is to continue helping to stabilize the situation of many people who have returned," Rhodey explained.
"You don't know how difficult it has been to miss you every day," Tony said, staring at him and gently kissing his lower lip.
Tony was in his arms again. The world was vibrating again because their lips had joined once more. Steve had seen it in his eyes. He had recognized the feeling even though Tony hadn't been able to say it out loud. He felt it in his body and his soul. Tony eyes confessed it to his heart, and Steve came back to life. This time, the caresses savored the longing that had been separated for eternity. Their lips kissed telling each other they loved each other, wanted each other, missed each other. Like a Déjà vu, Steve took him back in his arms to lift him over the counter. And Tony, as if following the script of a story they already knew, locked him back in his legs.
"Yeah, I think I know her," Tony said playing selfless, but he knew Natasha had captured him watching her.
"And no, Bucky could never be a reason not to be with you. If there is only one guilty here it's me, for being a
They continued discussing containment plans in the face of the different situations that were occurring in the different cities and countries of the planet. They would also begin building the portal very soon. When the meeting was over Tony and Steve stayed in the room.
No, don't you dare think anything, he told himself. It won't help at all. It won't make this any easy. OK, the exhibition was over for him too. Better to go to the fair.
that sounded more desperate than he intended, Steve thought. He wanted to be sincere, but it wasn't helping if Tony quizzical stare was all he will receive in return.
Tony saw them leave the living room and wondered where Rhodey and Thor were because at some point he lost sight of them. Steve was still asleep resting his head on his hand over the arm of the sofa. How he would like to wake him up with the same caresses and whispers he had heard from him that day. Steve
house. The idea was to be away from the house but stay close enough in the neighborhood. He could recognize the surveillance cameras on the streets, so he would have to try to pass as unnoticed as he could. How he would do that seemed impossible now, but the thought that came into his mind about returning, last hardly a second.
by his side. Even when it was inexplicable, he felt complete. Tony took him by the waist to bring him closer and then Steve stopped for a moment to see him in the eyes. Tony felt a chill run through his entire body.
Without warning, the images of the fight began to come one after another. Steve's terrifying scream of his name echoed in his ears. Tony opened his eyes breathing hard and saw a room he didn't recognize; he was lying in a bed. He tried to move and this time he could, but he only managed to sit. He felt dizzy and closed his eyes. After a few seconds, he started to look around, and was completely sure he didn't know that room. He got up and the heaviness in his body was terrible. He noticed a door to his right which he imagined should be a bathroom and went to it. The dizziness made him walk with his eyes half closed, but he managed to open the door and enter. When he looked up, the reflection of Steve's face in the mirror in front of him scared him so much that he fell on his ass. At that moment he became aware of his body, his legs and his hands.
When the light came on, the wine cellar made an appearance and the wines were indeed a little dusty, but they looked old and expensive.
It has been a long way to get were they were, and Tony felt so happy, so complete. Pepper will always be in his heart, but Steve, he owned it now. Never in his life had he felt that freedom of wanting to feel, explore and live
Steve looked at Peeper who was crying looking at Tony. He didn't know what to do for a second, but he approached him.
Upon entering the bathroom and noticing Steve's image, he realized it was not as easy as he had thought. He would see Steve's body naked. That thought was not simple to process. He took a deep breath and stayed in the middle of the bathroom without moving for a whole minute. Then, without thinking to much, he took off his shirt. Immediately his eyes widened when noticing chest and abs that looked carved. He snorted laughing.
"I just want you to know,” Chandra began to say. “Even when in my heart I know our days are numbered, that one day you will leave my side. I want to enjoy every second I have with you. Both, the good times and the bad times," Chandra said looking at him tenderly.
«Tony, I am extremely sorry for doing this to you» Steve said, feeling in his heart the terrible weight of what he had done.
Tony approached Thor who was taking care of the barbecue. They had made another tradition of coming to Tony and Steve's house in the summer to spend a few days. The team was the best family one could have, he thought. And the days they shared together, everyone treasured them immensely.
," Steve noticed how the words flowed easily from his mouth. It was as if a fountain had opened forever and he now could flow with it.
would feel. But Tony knew everything was a strange way of him to be distracted by something. Every day and in every moment he thought about Pepper. The pain seemed unbeatable, endless, but then he had those moments with Steve that served to escape the inevitable reality. On one side, Tony was sure he was creating a fantasy to cope with the loss. On the other hand, he did not know if he was doing more harm to himself.
Tony stared at him and his heart no longer beat in despair when he looked at Steve. There was something else that embrace him, a sweet devotion. Steve was no longer an exciting fantasy. He was his
"OK, and it's not the fish wasn't excellent, but I think I'm hungry again," said Tony trying to sound ashamed.
"OK, before you two put a scene in here. Why don't we walk to see the memorials?," Natasha said pointing at Tony and Steve. Everyone laughed and started walking towards the walls.
“So, Strange is alive.” Tony said it out loud, but Steve could see in his gaze that his mind was working and connecting everything.
Tony sighed and showed him his hand. Steve examined his hand and sighed regretfully when he saw there were some bruises as well.
The image before his eyes looked like a scene from the old days. Everyone was gathered in the room talking cheerfully. As he walked, Tony let the nostalgia and sadness seizes him just for an instant. They weren't all there, not the whole team, not Pepper. However, everyone could have that moment and enjoy it. In his heart, there was a trace of gratitude he could also recognize.
«I don't know,» Tony said not looking a Steve, finally stopping and resting one arm on the chimney. He stood there in silence looking lost.
Tony could feel the sleepiness invading him. He closed his eyes telling himself it would only be for a moment. He felt a caress on his face and heard a whisper.
Steve seemed to hear him and did not tell Tony to open. He just sat down on the floor next to the door as well. They stayed in silence for a few minutes.
Even when was early in the morning the day felt hotter, Tony thought as he put on a silk robe. When he went downstairs, his nostrils were wrapped in the delicious aroma of fresh coffee in the morning. Upon arriving into the kitchen, the image of Steve in a white boxer and undershirt was all he needed to start the day. Steve was leaning on the counter holding a cup of coffee in his hand while watching something on his cellphone. Tony stood in front of him on the opposite counter.
Tony couldn't help looking at him with adoration. He loved when Steve blushed, it made that warmth reach his heart.
"It's Mordo, his a sorcerer too. He's stealing souls for Mephisto. I don't exactly know what he's up to in exchange for that, but I'm sure it's not good at all."
Tony was kissing him again and this time he stroked the bulge in Steve's pants making him groan, "OK, I'm going to watch TV," he said, breaking away suddenly, leaving Steve panting.
After seeing the video a few times, Tony should not say he was perplexed by what he was looking at. But despite everything they had been through, seeing an odd «Steve Rogers» walking around his neighborhood made him feel extremely uncomfortable.
“You have to trust me more! You couldn't be sure it wouldn't work!” Tony replied raising his hands up in his own gesture of exasperation.
“What is happening?” Tony repeated Steve words. “Since Pepper came back, something has been growing inside me,” Tony said thinking out loud. “I was with Pepper today, and everything came back to me,” Tony stopped and looked at Steve with concern. “All the love I feel for her has awaken. And the grief is finally over…” He immediately looked down and continued walking. “We talked, we laughed as we used to do. And for a moment I wanted to kiss her, hug her. Make love to her…” Tony said afraid now, looking at Steve, as if saying those words he feared something else.
Steve wanted to say he had come to see him. But Strange told him he should say he was on a mission he had indicated him.
"My fellow friends, you need to come inside! There is still plenty of mead for you," Thor was shouting from afar, and apparently had not noticed the scenario in front of him. Tony tried, as much as he could, to separate himself from Steve without falling. All of the sudden, Thor was in the middle of them placing his arms in each of theirs necks and taking them inside.
"He's fine. But something happened between you two," Bruce began to explain and Tony remembered the dream.
"Hey, are you okay? You sound out of breath. Man tell me you're exercising, right? It can't be anything else if you're not at home" Rhodey said sounding curious.
Tony was starting to feel anxious. His mind was trying to avoid a fact that was inevitable to miss and now he was asking the wrong questions.
. Steve kissed him fiercely giving himself into that kiss, and Tony could not help but kissed him back with the same devotion. That was the dance Steve had always wanted to attend. The kiss that lasted more than an instant. The time that existed for him to live love fully, where there was no need to fight, just surrender to love. When they broke the kiss for a moment to breathe, Tony noticed his surroundings had changed, maybe he was back in the library. But he couldn't look away from Steve, who saw him with so much love and desire, an explosive mixture his heart warned would make him lose himself forever. But reality seemed to make an appearance in Steve's mind and he took a step back from Tony. Steve was breathing hard and no longer saw him if not around him. Tony couldn't stop staring at Steve. He didn't care if they were back or not. But Steve began to think, Tony saw it in his features as Steve now stopped his gaze on the floor. Tony could feel how that mind was fighting against himself, about
"I'd love to," Steve said pleased. He went back leaning on the counter putting his hands each side like inviting Tony to look.
"You know he will love it. He loves you and will love to share that with you," Natasha sound sincere this time.
ourselves every moment we fall, but deciding we will continue fighting our own fears because we deserve this world. Having each other is the best gift we can have, and we must enjoy every moment shared... So, for those who are not here, but will always be in our hearts. And for us I toast.”
Tony heard someone say and opened his eyes. Natasha was in front of him with her hands on her waist looking at him. Suddenly, he realized he had his head on Steve's shoulder. He had fallen asleep. He sat up and saw Steve look at him with a soft smile.
"But if it's Tony Stark himself," Rhodey said jokingly. He approached Tony and gave him a hug, "From that silly smile on your face I see that everything is fine," he said, rolling his eyes.
"Steve," Tony didn't know what to say, although something told him he had to say something. He only saw how Steve lowered his pants and with one hand stroked his cock again. Tony didn't want to close his eyes before that image, but with only Steve's breath approaching his cock he was lost. Steve took a long lick along one side first, tasting his arousal with his tongue. Tony had to hold on to the door handle to keep from falling. His whole body felt weak. Steve slid his left arm over Tony's hip to help him. But he continued with his task, now trailing down with his tongue to lick on precume from Tony's cock.
“We can't blame ourselves because a madman decided he had the ultimate truth about the lives of millions of living beings. And above all you, whom I have seen grow and become the best version of yourself, you cannot blame yourself for something that was beyond our reach. The world became something bigger than us, and now we know it,” Rhodey told him. In his words there was a welcoming serenity that calm Tony's aching heart at least a little.
Steve moved so fast one could say he already knew he was going to be hit. He tried to hide behind a bench knowing the preposterous of doing it.
Tony came out of the jet bathroom, wiping his face, and found Rhodey in front of him. They were finally returning to the compound after several hours of hard work.
There was silence in the room and for a few minutes neither of them spoke. They remained leaning against the wall without looking at each other again. FRIDAY was telling Tony about the storm, so they would know when it would have passed. The AI was also trying to communicate with the compound and Rhodey. But as much as Tony wanted to avoid it, Steve's closeness was driving him crazy. He missed him so much, and it seemed their connection was awake again. Tony could feel him, not only his body, but his feelings too. For moments he wanted to touch him, kiss him, and it seemed Steve could feel everything he felt because he sighed and closed his eyes. It was becoming a torture for both of them. So Tony decided to better focus on something else. When FRIDAY managed to communicate with the compound, she told Tony she sent them a message they were both fine, and their exact location too. The team promised them would be there as soon as the storm passes.
"And he knows it. As I also know you love him. Tony, for a long time I have known, even when you couldn't recognize it. Several times I fought against myself thinking that maybe I should make you see it. But I must also admit I was selfish and wanted you for myself,” Pepper sighed and look at the ground. “Because I love you, because I loved the man you were and the one you became." Pepper looked up and watched him with so much love and understanding it made Tony's heart, surprisingly, rejoice in joy again.
for a last time and he would be very careful. Also, he already returned the stones. The mission was accomplished, then maybe this could be an opportunity, just one more time. It would not be an encounter, of course; it could be from a distance.
«There wouldn't be needed any correction. I'm sure of that,» Tony replied looking at the screen. «I'm going to connect the rest and then we go to the hangar.»
He needed to explain to Steve he liked that pain without sounding like a madman. This was not the night he hoped to have, let alone the reunion that had passed through his head during those lonely nights waiting for his return. Tony sighed and lay down staring at the ceiling.
The one who plays with fire...He did or said stupid things and then fled in terror, Tony thought. He was no paying  attention to the speech of the Wakanda ambassadors and could only feel the touch of Steve's leg against his. The very stubborn man had brought his chair too close.
"That time, you did, you came back to me despite acknowledging it. My tears of joy were genuine," Pepper looked at him with the same tenderness as before, but with a hint of sadness.
"Well I can't be better if Tony Stark himself tells me to help him on a project," Sarah said very pleased.
On the screen, Steve was seen running with all his might on the treadmill. It seemed he was running from something or
are the only reason why I am here. And the idea was you didn't notice, nobody realized I was here. I was going to see you from a distance, but I miscalculated everything, and you saw me. Now I am here, but I should return before this gets out of control because...»
Tony leaned on Steve's back trying to catch his breath. After a few seconds, he pulled his cock out and thought he heard a longing sigh from him. Steve felt empty and Tony could feel what he was feeling too. Steve turned around and Tony stared at him. He moved closer to Steve lips. "I'm here," he whispered before kissing him gently.
The following hours were hard to bear. Tony had stayed on the porch for a while without entering the house and when he did, the silence was terrifying. Pepper was locked in their room without leaving for the rest of the afternoon. After a while, Tony changed in one of the guest rooms and went back to sit on the porch. And so, it became at night and the silence perished a little before the sounds of nature. For moments, a comforting warmth wrapped him, and he knew Steve was thinking of him. Tony closed his eyes and could feel him close to him. Then his world returned to calm.
When Tony landed in the doorway of their house, a cold chill ran through his entire body. For a moment, he stood there only watching the whole place. It was all covered in dust,
"You want it too," Tony moved his waist so that theirs erections rubbed further and saw Steve close his eyes for a moment. When Steve opened his eyes, Tony looked back at that wild beast looking at his exposed prey. It was very hard for Steve to breathe and keep his sanity while looking at him with such hunger. Tony could see Steve liked what he saw, in that position he was at his mercy. Steve gaze told him he wanted to devour him and, above all, his eyes showed he liked to dominate him. A few steps echoed in the distance and Steve pulled away from him quickly leaving the kitchen.
" was all Steve could say when he heard him. It was too much. It was more than he had asked. When Steve turned to see Tony to his face, he saw that mischievous smile on his lips. He knew he was completely lost. Tony had caught him again.
«Ah» was Steve response with a smirk. But then he asked with absolute curiosity, «And what did she say, did she like it?»
"Well, I'm not very good with this. I think I once told you that I'm not that kind of doctor. But in these last days I see you a little, I don't know if sad is the right word, which is normal too," Bruce explained him.
Tony smiled. "Much better." There was a silence between them until Tony spoke again. "But the lesson is true."
Tony felt his chest growing tight, and the blood pounded in his ears. He needed to focus, maybe use one of his masks for the lack of air. He was heading towards one of the suits when his vision began to get blurry and he felt an arm take him by the waist to hold him.
"You say you feel lost in my presence. I understood you. You cannot recognize yourself without the presence of that other person in your life."
He knew he was being carried away by the impulses. His emotions, which for so many years were guarded and tamed, now seemed to be the owners of his actions. A good part of his neurons was lost with the lighting of Thor hammer for sure.
"Happy new year dear friends," Vishen approached where Steve and Chandra were and hugged each one. "For you, for good work and for love," he said raising his beer.
"And I thought we'd be without problems for a while," Tony said looking at the floor. Even when that other explanation made no sense to him also, he felt compelled to help him.
«Tony, I made a mistake coming back here.» Steve found his way back to his words. He had to explain himself clearly. «I cannot tell you everything without sounding crazy, I know, but I traveled here because I wanted to see you. That is the truth, there are no deceptions, there are no hidden meanings behind my words. It is too simple, I know that too, but
"Fuck, it worked," Tony said sighing and smiling at the same time. "It's not that I thought it wouldn't work, but it's a relief."
"Tony, son, we thank you for what you have done for the city, for the country,” The governor said approaching. “Well, I must take the opportunity to thank each of you for the constant help. I hope to see you all in the tribute on Friday."
"I don't know. I thought you might be interested to know," Natasha replied with too much mischief. She took one of the beers Tony had in his hands and turned around.
Tony broke away from her and headed toward the house. He went to the living room and like a madman he walked from side to side not knowing what to do. Pepper had not followed him. His heart was racing.
Came to his mind. «Well pal, we have all the time you need, because the good news is you have accommodation free of charge. Do you like the place?»
"It was only one stage, at the beginning of his career. He only was inspired to write poems about the paintings he liked. Let's say he was encouraged, not bad, though," the young man replied and walked away to keep seeing the exhibition.
"I missed you," Tony said breaking the kiss as his eyes looked at Steve with lust. "Stay with me," he said with a short breath.
"At least we still have pizza. This is to be grateful," Rhodey said biting a slide of pizza. He and Tony were in the lab having dinner. "If I'm honest, the meeting was better than I thought."
Time stopped at the moment their lips touched again. Steve was kissing him and Tony succumbed to desire with those lips that slowly tortured him. With one hand in his neck, Steve softly caressed him while also stealing his breath every second he pulled his lips away to kiss him softly one more time. Tony accepted the surrender completely. He needed Steve,
"He is," Tony said with a smile too, and looking at Steve with devotion. From the stage, his eyes looked back at him. Tony loved him. He could feel it so clearly in his heart.
Steve woke up sweating and breathing desperately. The nightmare had made an appearance one more night. It seemed like the weekend lived with Tony in the farm was no real. Only his death repeated again and again in his memories.
In the elevator Tony asked FRIDAY where Steve was and the AI responded him he had gone to his room. Better, Tony thought. That way the rest wouldn't have to find out if he screwed it up again. When he got to Steve's room, he knocked on the door, but he didn't hear an answer. He dared to touch the handle and to his surprise it wasn't closed. When he entered, he looked for him in the room, but did not see him. He was about to ask FRIDAY again if she was sure Steve had returned to his room when a stifled groan caught his attention. It couldn't be, Tony thought. But he began to slowly approach the bathroom in the room and could hear more clearly those moans that were fought to be contained. Tony leaned back on the wall next to the bathroom door and closed his eyes. Steve had not been able to resist touching himself after their encounter.
"He seems to be telling the truth, but I don't understand what he was talking about," Steve looked into her eyes puzzled.
Tony went to their room. When he entered the bathroom and saw his own reflection in the mirror, he could not help to feel a great nostalgia. He had been awake for less than a day in Steve's body, however, those few hours had been very intense. Tony sighed, looked at himself in the mirror and saw how his hand touched the mirror.
"I'm sorry. I promise I'll try to behave," Tony said trying to sound innocent, but with a grin on his mouth.
He didn't want to think about what could happen if they could really bring them all back. He wanted that with his whole being, but he had to admit to himself he was also afraid. Afraid of losing this second chance life had given him. Afraid of losing
Tony kissed her softly and pulled her to his chest. Pepper hugged him tightly, and he closed his eyes sighing deeply.
Tony turned his face a little to his right without seeing Steve directly in the eyes. After a wait that seemed infinite, now he wanted to lengthen that moment of pleasure in which he could kiss those lips again. "So you like to play." Tony took one of Steve's hands and slowly lowered it until he reached the bulge of his cock already half hard.
"It will be a good year," Steve told Thor smiling, and trying not to think about the heat he was feeling in the middle of December.
"Banner told me I had to forgive her and myself. I understand now it wasn't just one time thing," Tony said leaning on his desk.
A few hours passed and the sound of an alarm woke Tony up. Steve turned it off and turned to see him.
Rhodey took Tony to the compound's garden, and he sat on a bench next to him. It was sunset, and the bright hues of colors in the sky lost all the brightness when Tony's features darkened at moment they got there.
"We need to find everything to replicate the formula. Maybe it will be a bit complicated, but eventually we will do it," Tony explained trying again to assure Bruce he was with him completely.
“I didn't want to lose you. I'm so sorry for hurting you. It wasn't my intention and could never be. You gave me a home, your friendship, and I will be eternally grateful. I'm just here worried about my friend,” Steve said with a sigh.
"I feel whole now," Tony said when they both needed to break the kiss to breathe. "You being here today makes everything easier...I was afraid."
Tony nodded and continued looking the people around. His thoughts wandered about the different expressions of life before his eyes. Some people chatted happily, perhaps remembering pleasant memories of their love ones. People were crying, maybe with the same intensity as the first day. Others were placing flowers and praying. And he was very surprised of those hugging each other even though they had just met there. They were joined by the pain of loss.
Steve was kissing him fervently. As one who understood what had not been said but could breathe it in the air. Tony hugged him with all his might, his heart pounding with a joy he could recognize. A part of him belonged to Steve, Tony thought. He had to give the world what he felt.
"Tony," Steve said warning. "Steve, nice to meet you," he said now addressing Sarah and shaking his hand.
Tony took his hand and stroked his face looking at him with a warm smile. "I love you too," he said kissing him softly and he felt Steve's heart pound at his words.
Bucky stared at him confused, but then he took a deep breath before speaking. «I don't know him enough. But that day in Siberia, he was fighting two fights. He was fighting me for what I had done to his parents. But
"With just that you love him very much, Steve is also your daddy. So you practically have two daddies and a mommy," Tony said to her winking.
“OK, stop, I'll do it,” Steve said standing from the sofa. He went to the middle of the room. It took him a couple of seconds, but with a sigh began to speak. "We must be grateful to be together. It has not been easy for any of us to be here today sharing something that was once as simple as a smile. It is a long road that we continue to travel every day. We continue being brave with ourselves.
An hour later, the teams had split and Tony and Steve were heading to their entry point. There were several armed men guarding the entrance.
"I bet they can't," Steve replied smiling. "I left you alcohol and bandages there,” Steve pointed out the kit. “I think you better stop helping. It is definitely not the kind of technology you are used to." He tried to joke too.
A week later Tony was already conscious and awake for much longer; the wounds were healing quite well. Pepper visited him every day and when Happy and Peter came to visit him too, Tony couldn't be happier. As always as restless as he was, he wanted to leave the hospital and managed to arrange for them to go to an apartment in the city center where he would receive all the necessary care. Steve for his part was glad to see him improve and even more to know the rest of the team were helping in everything they could out there. All united trying to put some order. However, the issue of returning the stones was pending. They would have to rebuild a machine to make the journeys to return them. The whole team would meet, and after all this time, it was
"Love?" Tony told him and Steve felt his heart clench in his chest. He did not understand why he could not stop overthinking.
"You can't hold the weight of the world in your hands. It's not fair," Natasha said worriedly. "A part of you knows he could come back to you (which is going to happen), but you are also afraid that is not the right thing to do."
. He wouldn't think of anything else. He would just live that moment. In a couple of hours he would reason, for now, he only wanted Steve by his side. When that warm sensation wrapped him making him feel relaxed, he knew Steve was walking toward him. A few seconds later, he felt him sit down next to him.
Tony looked at him and nodded. They both rose from the sofa and headed to the door. They were already close to each other when Tony turned around.
"Come here. I want to show you something," Tony told him going to the table with the projecting screen. He touched some keys and a suit appeared on the screen.
Two hours later Steve returned to the apartment and found Tony working on the designs of the portal.
"His sacrifice will mark our history, allowing for one to be continued. However, I think we can give him one last thing," Strange said, now looking at him.
Tony could feel Steve's lips move to the same beat now, as their desperate caresses sought the same longing. Then he felt the bulge in Steve's pants that seemed to compete in despair with his. And while Steve was giving him all the passion he had seen in those eyes. Tony succumbed to the moment and moved his hips so Steve could feel he longed for him as much as he did. This time, Steve's moan was even more intense and painful, as if he couldn't stand another minute of that agony.
Steve's words felt like lightnings that were breaking Tony into pieces. He felt naked, bewildered, as if the world could be more cruel than it was already. It could not be true, Tony wanted to think. Then, Bruce's words came to his mind.
Perhaps he deserved it, because he was there in the bathroom thinking about the kiss he shared with Steve instead of understanding the implication of what had happened. And even Pepper was in the same room. Tony opened the tap water and wet his face. Or Steve's.
Steve turned to see Tony who nodded, "Reminds me to set up another warning system instead of that damn alarm," he said heading to the door and flew off.
"Apologize?!" Tony laughed sarcastically. "Why would you come to apologize for? Let me guess! Because your dear friend killed my parents and you hadn't said anything to me? Because Rhodey got hurt by our meaningless fight? Because it was not enough
"A little yes," Tony replied by closing his eyes and burying his head in Steve's neck. "I don't want to go. We don't have to go."
"The lab. I will not be able to enter with your fingerprints. Technically, I can, but I need mine for certain things."
Tony put the glass to his lips and drank the rest of his drink. "We must go to the table, now Wakanda ambassadors will have their speech. I don't want to miss it," Tony said very quickly and went to the table. He could hear Steve's soft laugh as he followed him.
Tony was heading to the compound entrance thinking that everyone was helping in whatever they could. Rhodey and he had meetings with different members of the government, to try to establish some kind of social order within the chaos in which was everything. It was something to focus on. It made him feel good to help putting on track the lives of the people still on the planet. It was quite difficult to understand it was a worldwide chaos, less to understand the universal scale that Thanos had given to all that. Tony left the compound and headed to the car where Rhodey was waiting for him.
"I felt your pain, your grief and that strange resignation with which you tried to forget every day," Tony spoke with a lot of pain in his voice.
«I don't fucking know why I agreed to come exercising with you two,» Steve heard Sam yelled in the distance.
"Barton," Natasha told him with a half smile. "Last time he was in Mexico. It was nothing pretty what he left behind," she said thoughtfully.
Tony went to one of the bookshelves and sat on the floor. He had finally returned to his body, however, a hopeless feeling of emptiness gripped him at Steve's distance. A moment later, Wong entered the room and approached Tony sitting by his side.
Tony smiled pleased at Steve's surprise and hungry eyes. "Once you asked me if I was sure I wouldn't make you wait so long to give you something you want," Tony said getting up of bed approaching Steve. When he was in front of him, he began to put his hands under his shirt caressing him and lifting the shirt until he took it off. Steve saw him with his those piercing eyes that owned his soul, but also made his body catch fire. "That time we were interrupted," Tony said opening Steve's jeans button and lowering the lock. Steve began to breathe through his mouth with every movement of Tony. He reached down to lower Steve's jeans and boxer all at once. When he rose slowly stroking Steve's muscular legs, he could hear his moan of pleasure when one of his hands passed lightly stroking his half-hard cock. Tony was in front of him, his lips very close to Steve's. "They didn't let me answer you," he said stroking Steve's chest with his hands. "I'm sure," Tony said huskily. "I'm sure on give you everything you want, Steve." Tony was kissing him and felt how Steve hugged him to get him closer.
In the bath, Tony opened the shower and went under the water, leaning his hands against the wall. He immediately felt Steve massaging his back to relax him. A year since everyone had disappeared, he thought. The pain eased, but it was still there.
The next morning Steve was at the lab door with two coffees in his hand. They had created a ritual every morning, in which Steve brought him coffee and they talked a little about everything. Tony used to tell him about the progress of the recycling project. They discussed the missions they had and many times they even talked of personal things.
, he repeated in his mind with all his being. During those days he didn't feel the need to write to him because he could feel him. This time, the distance didn't hurt. It had become a promise.
"Shit," Tony snorted when he saw the door of his room close. He sat on the bed resting his head in his hands.
will always be present in your life. It will come from many people and always, until the end of the days, from
"As incredible as it may seem, you both created a different continuum. Your connection, forged with an unbreakable force, allows me to be here today," Strange told him, looking around.
"I must go. I must go, Tony," Steve said with a tight in his throat. When he lifted his face to look at him, Tony's eyes gleamed with tears held back.
A pleasant calm invaded his soul as if Steve's voice was a mantra that hypnotized him making him feel alive. The sound of his voice was telling him the world was there again, and everything was at peace. Tony opened his eyes, and Steve was looking at him with so much love.
"I was worried Rhodey wanted to be with his girlfriend," Steve told him taking a drink of his beer. He wanted to play hard, but he couldn't help smiling.
is back on track. We made it. You made it possible," Steve told him in a very calm tone, trying to make him understand everything had gone well.
Then Steve felt the relief he needed to continue. Quite naturally they started talking a bit about everything. Life in the 40s, politics, economy, war, but also about very simple things. Sports, meals, the first TVs and their funny commercials, movies and their favorite artists, childhood games. Even when they did not agree on all opinions or tastes, they did agree on most of the things. It was good to know too, Steve thought. And although he will always regret that once he had misjudged him, he lived long by his side to know Tony was an admirable man, of good feelings. And not only of an intelligence that seemed immeasurable, but of a good heart. Steve could also recognize this trip was for him, he could feel inside him it was not about pity for him. Tony was doing it to make him feel better. Although after being he, the bearer of bad news, it was Tony who was putting an effort to make him feel comfortable. At least for a few days.
He had to remind Friday to buy bigger towels; maybe it was Steve was very tall and big, and the towel seems small to him.
Both began to laugh and people at the table beside cheered for them, not knowing why they laughed, but touched by their joy. The air was loaded with happiness. The world was contained in there, with both laughing and creating a new experience that would fill their memories with a new aroma.
"I don't know how to behave in those places," Steve said. He and Tony were in a limousine that had been sent to take them to the conference venue.
"Sure," Steve said and got up. But to Tony's surprise, Steve put his hand on Tony shoulder and approached behind him. He whispered in his ear in a very intimate movement, "I'll be back in a second."
"Rhodey? Tony asked unanswered. He kept walking and found himself facing a stones wall from where he heard murmurs from the other side. People were trapped on the other side.
Friday confirmed him Rogers was on the compound all day yesterday, and even right now he was doing some training with the team, then
In this position he was not near any of those cameras, he said to himself. Still, the real questions took place in his head now.
was at the door with his particular kind smile but confused eyes. Tony greeted him, and Bruce told him Steve and Natasha were in the meeting room waiting for them. The rest of the team was also connected. When entering the compound, Tony realized he had not been in the there for a long time. Memories came to his mind, people came to his mind, but he told himself he better focused on the very rare mission it seemed they were going to face. They entered the meeting room and there were Steve and Natasha. In the projectors were Thor, Nebula, Rocket and Okoye. The other captain seemed to be on one of those missions of her own, and was not there. Tony watched Steve approaching to greet them.
Steve went to bed and lay down while watching Tony's movements. He also removed all his clothes and went to his bedside table where he found a lubricant. Tony went to the bed and sat on his knees between Steve's legs. Once again saw Steve's cock and this time he did not resist giving it a gentle stroke. Steve closed his eyes and squeezed the sheet tight with his hands. Tony wanted to please him.
Tony now looked up to watch the person on that screen. He did not hear what he had said but turned to see Steve and was surprised by his shocked face. "Sorry, who is that guy?"
Steve arrived at the hotel. When he reached his room, he lay in bed with his eyes lost in the window. What a singular day they had lived, he thought. And yet, he could not feel in the least regretful. It was strange, but he felt relief. He knew he shouldn't think about what he was doing. It was a losing battle against reason. Tony convinced him the moment he said his name. He asked for 2 days, and frankly, Steve would have given him a lifetime if he could. He would do it, two days in which he wouldn't know what he would do. But he blindly trusted Tony, and tomorrow he would simply be there in his house early in the morning.
Tony sighed, “Well, it's like a strange mist from where I see everything," Tony replied as if that explained it all. But Bruce looked at him encouraging him to keep talking, and Tony took a deep breath.
Rhodey was hugging him and Tony responded very strongly, as if that hug could calm the immense grief he was feeling. The world was shattering again. The storm had not passed, he was barely in the eye of the hurricane. Tony felt weak and dragged Rhodey with him to the floor. He broke away from the hug and leaned on the kitchen shelf. His hands on his bent knees and his head down. Tears were still the protagonists of the moment and the pain seemed like an insatiable monster. Rhodey was stroking his shoulder without saying a word, and Tony painful sobs echoed on the kitchen walls.
. Then, another thought also came to him. He had to finish running the recycling project because he also had that other thing in mind. Only a few details were missing, so he thought about the girl at the conference he went with Steve. It would be great if she took care of the implementation, especially if she had experience and so he didn't have to take care of the initiation protocol.
"You and I... Are we alright?" Steve insisted on staring at him. His eyes seemed to speak of something Tony might not want to understand.
Steve placed his forehead against his and wrapped him in his arms. "I slept 70 years to get to you."
? No, because the caress on his face and his hand. No, that must have been a dream. Tony was completely sure.
. Tony wanted to be upset, he told Bruce he needed that weekend alone and had barely spent a day there and now almost the whole team was there too. It was something to be upset, but it was impossible to hide the smile on his face when he saw them getting out of the cars.
Steve truly did not know how much he could say or do without altering the future. He would have to explain to Tony with not all the details, but enough, so he could return. Because
Steve took her hands caressing them. "I don't know how you can understand me. It seems unfair I can say these things."
"Yeah, agree to both. But if I'm honest, sometimes I don't know how to continue when I feel drowned in sadness. I always seek to distract myself with things, like this, helping you comes in handy.” Tony tried to explain.
"We were supposed to go back to the compound, and I didn't see you come. I asked Friday and she told me you came here," Steve explained.
Steve's eyes were so hungry that Tony's words that tried to provoke him meant nothing in the face of so much passion contained in him. Tony groaned, panting for breath when he felt Steve grab his cock.
After breakfast, they found everything they needed to go fishing in the house. They walked to the lake where they found a boat, got on and navigated until they found a place they liked.
"We both hurt each other, Love," Tony said, and Steve looked him in the eye. "You have to forgive yourself." Tony watched how Steve understanding his words sighed deeply. "I did it, and I know you forgave me. You didn't hurt me. We're just discovering what we like. And from what I see, we both like the same way." Tony joked trying to calm the tension.
"You love Steve like a daddy too, don't you?" Tony asked her and she nodded with a smile. "Then is a win-win," Tony assured her.
Steve took Strange to a park next to the hospital and when they entered, Strange indicated him to both sit on a bench.
"Yes, she is helping me with the project. But let me know when we have the meeting," Tony told him, coming back to himself.
"Now it will get hotter," Natasha said, drinking from her beer as she watched Steve enter the dining room.
Soon after, Tony lowered the suitcases and handed them to the driver. He watched as he put them in the trunk and a moment later the car left the cabin. For several seconds, he stared at the space in which the car had left. He finally had made the decision.
"It's so difficult, my friend. I tell you, you're lucky with Chandra. She's a free spirit, but it's really complicated to have a relationship with a girl now." Vishen came to his side speaking very loudly.
Tony nodded, and continued on his way to the lab. Without knowing it, he also felt a huge weight had been removed from his shoulders. Rhodey was right, they had to focus on the future and leave old resentments behind.
"Last time I saw him, there was so much pain in his eyes," Natasha sighed. "I do not know what else to do."
! from that speech I could point out so many incoherent things, but there is just one of them I cannot truly understand and keeps bothering me. Why did
Steve couldn't help the flashback from coming to his memory. A farm for Pepper, for his life with her...«It sounds like a good plan to me», he replied.
Steve was in the hospital cafeteria waiting for Vishen for lunch. They would have an hour rest and should return afterwards. This gave him time to think. It had been so long since he had a nightmare. Sometimes he dreamed of Tony, but since Cambodia he didn't have a nightmare like that. He thought he had overcome it, but apparently, he hadn't. Steve was ashamed Chandra could understand and accept him the way she did. She was an amazing woman. They had met in the last year of the nursing career and her brave spirit and compassion, captivated his heart. One day in the monastery he realized he could do more for those in need. He could help each one directly when he helped them heal their bodies. So studying nursing seemed the right option. After meeting Chandra and the friends he now had, Steve was almost completely sure he had made the right choice. Only sometimes the memory of Tony made him lose himself in his thoughts, but he knew he was happy.
Tony could feel Steve's erection now and deciding to take this as far as he could, he moved his waist to brush Steve's cock. "
. He heard himself say out loud. The moment he said his name, he noticed how Steve immediately stopped the treadmill and looked sideways. It was impossible he had heard it, Tony thought. Steve placed his hands on the treadmill to support himself, but he fell to his knees. Tony began to breathe hard and felt his heart beating very fast.
It wasn't about explaining himself, he thought. Tony sensed in his heart the reason why Steve punished himself that way. And he was completely sure he would never ever hurt him.
Indeed, the worst thing Tony had imagined was happening. Part of the mines had exploded and the land began to give way. He approached the place of the explosion that was on fire and managed to see an area to access. Without thinking twice he entered. Everything was collapsed, full of dust.
«Please do not tell me there is some of my grandchildren still messing around? Vision told us he destroyed Ultron last robot» Tony asked.
Steve couldn't be happier and proud. He was completely sure they were going to make it. They would bring everyone back. They would.
"Tony, good morning," Bruce said entering the kitchen and Tony stood in front of the counter trying to hide his prominent erection.
They entered the lab and FRIDAY greeted them. At that moment Tony realized the AI would not know what happened. He had created an intuitive program, but not enough to distinguish soul exchanges.
«Finally, you answer a call. I was starting to get worried with those very short messages,» Rhodey said annoyed.
"It's OK, Tony. You need to rest" Tony heard Bruce say in the distance, and he also agreed, it was better to keep sleeping.
"One last secret mission? And I suppose you can't tell me anything and blah blah," said Tony. Now was his time to tease.
The next morning, Steve was in the kitchen making coffee while Tony worked in the living room. He had lost the battle, and the next day Tony was working again. At least, he had managed for him to rest for a day and sleep about 8 hours in a row. Maybe he had half lost, he told himself smiling. He went to bring Tony's coffee.
«Please...» And it was the last word he could say before being hit. Steve did not see where it came from this time. He only felt how his chest burned and hurt from the impact. He felt out of breath and thought for a moment he was dreaming, because the mechanic sound was near him now. From the distance the voice could be heard,
"Stark, take a toast with me!," Thor said serving him a shot. "You are of my kind. You can handle this" bringing the drink to Tony.
Tony realized his own cock was leaking precume loosely. But he wanted so much to please Steve that he promised himself a delayed pleasure that would be worth it. Tony kissed wetly at his soft damp hole now, fingering him at the same time, knuckling gently against it. Steve was thrusting back onto his fingers with every breath, groaning at every push.
," Tony said placing his hand on his face. "I love you." Tony came over to kiss him and Steve took him by the waist to put him on his lap. Now they could finally be together, Tony thought as he kissed him intensely. At that moment the compound's alarm rang.
Tony was trying to catch his breath when he opened his eyes and saw Steve in front of him again looking at him tenderly. As if the image of a Tony having just reached orgasm was the sweetest thing he had ever seen.
“No, you're not,” Tony said and saw him look down smiling. “Let's go to the other room right now if you don't want them returning and seeing all the not PG scenes I had in my mind.”
Tony stared at him, his chest rising. “Because I love you,” he said out of breath. “And I cannot conceive my life without you,” his words sounded with a profound despair.
It was getting dark, and Tony and Rhodey shared a beer on the porch of the cabin Tony had rented to spend the summer. He liked it so much that sometimes he thought it would be ideal to live there. It was a beautiful and very quiet place.
Steve watched as Tony took the glass, and for a moment he thought it would come in his direction. When he saw the glass broke in Tony's hands, he ran to his side.
Tony was with his head on Steve's chest while his arms and legs hugged him tightly. They were lying on the couch.
"Wong explained Mephisto took our souls. When they contained him, our souls were supposed to return to our respective bodies."
"Peps," Tony looked at her concerned and Pepper's eyes looked at him with tenderness and understanding.
“Tony,” Steve said sobbing out, his back arching hard, and his head back. “Tony, oh God,” he panted, as whimpers and moans continued mingling together in one melody that please Tony's ears.
«No Sir, there is no notification of incidents involving any of the robots, but there is an archive of yesterday records of cameras around the neighborhood you should see»
One summer day, but not so hot. You couldn't ask for more, he thought. Tony ran and ran with all his might, climbing some slopes that made everything more entertaining. While he was running, he realized he would have nothing to eat at noon, so he would need to go to the nearby town to buy some food. Another task to do, perfect, he said to himself. Taking advantage of the fact that he was already energized, he reached the town and bought some groceries. He had no idea how many days he was going to spend there, but bought enough just in case.
Thus, the days passed, and Tony stayed in the cabin working in the satellite design. That morning he worked very focus and in what he realized it was noon. He stopped for a while for lunch and afterwards he decided he would take a walk. While walking to the lake, Tony closed his eyes and wished with all his might Steve were there with him.
"Love, I must confessed to you,” Tony said approaching Steve. “They look deliciously tight," Tony was kissing him a squeezing his buttocks.
Their eyes were locked on each other and there was a mysterious understanding of meanings. Steve knew he had crossed a line with no return, but he could not hold any longer. He came here because he wanted to end the agony. It was so terrifying to live in a world where Tony was not there. Where he would miss him every day. Where the regrets were growing with the minutes because he hadn't said the words that were burning his soul.
Steve laughed and turned to look for Natasha. He hadn't seen her yet, but he knew she was there. Soon he realized she was alone on a balcony. He took the beer, told Rhodey he would go to say hello and headed to where she was.
I had to calm down, Steve told himself. For the first time in his life, he seemed to lose his mind. A few weeks ago he had told himself he would understand the sacrifice they would make for humanity, but now he could not bear the thought of losing Tony. He was not as strong as he thought he could be. His world made no sense if Tony was not in it. Steve turned and looked at Pepper. She was crying while her parents comforted her. Within a few hours of returning, she had already found a way to know where Tony was, and she was immediately there waiting. Steve had to understand her situation and respect it too. He knew what Nat meant. Pepper was trapped in whatever place they were, and returned and finds out she almost lost her boyfriend, her
The next morning Tony got up very early. He didn't usually do it, but he knew that way Steve could be found in the kitchen. After squeezing his head all night, he still didn't know how to start that conversation.
. This was not right, he had to respect Steve's body. In the morning they would solve this situation and that torment would end. He got into the bathtub and opened the shower. Being under the shower with warm water made him calm a little. He spent a few minutes like that and then took the soap.
for being the perfect man in my  father's eyes,” he stared at him. “But now I understand him," Tony said smiling broadly.
. You know you've been a constant presence in my life since I was a child?,” Tony said smiling. “And of course at that time I hated you
would like that to happen. All I can say is I had an important mission to accomplish, and I finished it. But after that, I found myself in a position where I could do something that would only...I don't know how to say this without sounding selfish, but that would only please me. Then, I chose to come here, even when I was being irresponsible. Even when I knew I was lying to myself when I thought I could control it… God, I am not saying anything really, am I?»
Tony put the clothes on the bed, and Steve approached him. He stood in front of Tony to take his towel and threw it in a chair. Tony was staring at him with a look in his eyes that didn't talk about dressing at all. Steve smiled pleased and felt Tony take him by the neck to kiss him. Steve kissed him back, but Tony made a movement that caused him pain.
"Let's go," Strange said, getting up. He opened a portal and the eye of Agamotto shone with its splendid green.
Finally, Tony turned around and looked at him. Steve body was tense, nevertheless, it was clear it was trying to hide all the pain his eyes were showing. «It is for me. You are wasting your time here.»
"Congratulations, Love," Steve whispered in his ear. They were at the reception waiting for the others who had gone for some drinks.
"If you knew so, but they involve more alcohol, then I don't know how much we can call it help," Tony replied grinning.
Steve took him in his arms and buried his face in Tony neck. He could feel Tony's breath in his. They stayed like that for a few minutes, hugging each other with a force that seemed to be too much but not enough to show what they both felt. Then Tony pulled away a little to take him by the neck and speak to him.
"I just wanted to thank you for coming to us," Steve told him, but it seemed like that wasn't what he intended to say first.
"Thank goodness no neighbor came," said Tony when he recovered his breath. He ran his hand over his face as a sign of concern, but it was to hide his smile.
Steve softly laughed, and with that it seemed he released the tension contained for days. Tony saw his body, with Steve eyes he saw his own body, but he couldn't understand why he could feel Steve by his side.
«We don't need to talk about the future, but we can talk about things up to this present. Practically with you I have ancient history class» Tony said trying to release the tension. «What can you tell me about your old days? I think we've never talked about your past before»
Tony gave him a half smile. "I'm hungry," he said avoiding the subject. Steve looked at him knowingly and nodded. "Let's see what's good in the catering," Tony said pointing to the food.
«I am really curious to hear an explanation. But my real dilemma is I'm not 100% sure if you have to be alive to tell me»
It had been several hours and Tony was still sleeping. The nurse had kindly brought some breakfast and coffee to both of them. They hadn't talked much, both were just watching Tony. Suddenly, Tony moved, and Steve was by his side. He was awakening. Tony opened his eyes and saw Steve.
"Yeah, well try to shave my beard. It's just about continuing the line," Tony joked to change the subject and saw Steve smiled. "I'll see you in the meeting room."
“I said I should, not that I would, and I have to talk with my doctor first. Maybe he doesn't allow yet.” Tony said, and they both laughed.
"We always feel the connection with our soulmates, with all the souls with whom we share a special, close bond. But over time, with the distractions of the world we stop feeling them, perceiving them. Having been connected with him on the way where you were, your connection is still very present."
"It's hard. I understand you, being together like this reminds us of the past. It's bittersweet," Steve said looking at him with sympathetic eyes and sitting next to him.
Tony took him by the hair and deepened the kiss again. "Go be a good boy," he said with a sigh, teasing him.
«I think, I had never been in one. Or I honestly don't remember if I went to one when I was little» responded Tony doubting.
Tony wanted to stay angry. He needed to stay furious, but there it was Steve voice that worked as a soothing balm for his heart.
"Rhodey, we have about 40 seconds to get them out. Where the hell is Romanoff?" Tony asked him in dismay.
The next morning, Tony was in the lab checking his suit's reactor, thinking about some improvements he wanted to make. Soon after, Friday told him that the girl of the convention had arrived. He told the AI to indicate her how to get to his lab.
"I know. I also thought I wouldn't see you again," Steve said with a soft smile while caressing his face.
"We need to split the team with wings to get out of there," Tony said, widening the screen. "From here we should try to get out, in any case." Tony pointed a zone in the map.
would know. He must have scanned him already, so he tried to recover and replied with what he thought was a firm but also polite tone.
Steve looked him in the eye. "I'll go to the cabin. I need to be alone a few days. Please, don't tell Tony," Steve asked him, but he knew he surely would. Likewise, if he made the decision, there would be nothing to stop him.
was still there, he wanted to believe. Suddenly, there it was the mechanic sound he was so used to hearing…
"She was," Steve replied. "I admired her very much. She was a very brave and intelligent woman." Then Steve began to laugh softly, "She was so strong that sometimes she could be scary, if I am honest. I remember once she shot me at the shield Stark was showing me. Your father's shield, because she was jealous of a girl who had kissed me."
"Yes, but without walking Tony. I know it must be annoying to go in the wheelchair, but it would be better if you don't make much effort," Bruce replied trying to use his best doctor voice.
Steve was drinking a glass of water. "I know, I'm sorry. I can't…" he said without turning. He could not look at her face now.
"Thanks for doing this," Tony told her knowing that maybe Natasha wasn't very expressive, but he needed to tell her.
Pepper kissed him on the cheek and with a smile left the room. Tony sat on the bed lost in thought for a long time. Being alone again, he finally became aware of Steve's body, and also realized he had stopped feeling the heaviness. He saw the time in his phone, and it was past midnight. His head was running over all the possibles explanations to their situation, and he had not the slightest of sleep. Enough with having been unconscious for 4 days. He needed to find out what was happening to them. So he decided it would be good to take a shower and go to the lab. It had been a long time since he was in his lab of the compound, but he would feel better if he began to research this matter as well.
Tony hooked his tongue roughly inside him entering the whole finger. And the other hand that was now working at his perineum reached further to grasp Steve's cock, stroking it quickly. Steve arched his back gasping loudly, moaning and thrusting back against Tony ministrations. He continued loosening and moistening his entrance feeling a great satisfaction from seeing and feeling Steve so affected and overwhelmed by the pleasure he provided him. Tony pulled away to tease Steve's entrance with two moistened fingers with lubricant. He watched his hole quiver as he swirled his fingers against it, he began to stroke and massage it until one lucky stroked found out the sensitive spot.
"I'll check some things," Tony said stroking her lower lip with his thumb. He got up from the chair and went to his lab.
After looking at his shaved face, he told himself with that he was himself again. Tony went to the shower and as always the water relaxed his body and his thoughts. He dressed, went down to the kitchen and saw Pepper inspired making him his favorite dish. It was to worship her. A feeling of guilt peeked every time he was with her and remembered he had been thinking only of Steve when he was alone.
They left the monastery and went for a walk to a nearby garden. It was a beautiful night, and the path was full of trees whose leaves had surrendered to the persevering autumn. Somnang pointed him some stones near a small stream.
"Maybe I should be the one to go," Tony said ashamed. "I stayed because I didn't want to leave you alone. But I'm the one who has to go."
Steve was shirtless in front of one of the lockers. Now it doesn't seem like a good idea, Tony thought.
Tony saw how Steve nodded to Sarah, and he couldn't stop looking at him until he left the lab. He could not believe what had happened. A jealous Steve would definitely be his absolute downfall. And damn, how
"No, Cap didn't come with me. He appeared as a babysitter like you here. You can both walk where you came from. I'll fly back to the compound," Tony explained.
"I like them both to the same extent," Tony replied, wanting to joke, but his words were loaded with feeling.
"We have to find a logical and tangible idea that really achieves what he is proposing," Tony said looking at him and then at Bruce.
Pepper opened her eyes and looked down. "I can't fight who you are anymore. I will always lose." She squeezed his hand.
Steve was panting, slowly regaining his breath, and Tony ran his hand down his chest. At that instant Steve turned around and was kissing him. Tony felt Steve go for his bulge trying to open his zipper while still kissing him.
"Oh," was the only thing Bruce could answer for a moment. "Why don't you wait and try talking to him again?"
"Yes, they could not survive without my technology for a second," Tony tried to joke. He didn't want to touch the subject of a few minutes ago. Maybe it was better to talk about something else or pretend that nothing had happened.
Tony smiled, “Morning,” he replied. Honestly, Natasha was amazing. He took care of serving the coffee, and Nebula took the cups and followed her.
"I'm so sorry for what you're going through, Steve. I know it must be very difficult for you. And maybe you already know, but he's having a hard time too," Bruce said worriedly.
Everyone started getting out and only Steve, Wong and Tony remained. The latter looked at him, nodded before opening a portal and disappeared. Steve still didn't look at him.
Pepper looked at them in amazement. In her face was reflected the bewilderment at the scene she was watching.
"You look tired," Somnang told him, as they walked the patients' beds for a last time to wrap their bed sheets before returning to their bedrooms.
, I think you should not go yet, just not yet» The last part sounded more pleading than he meant, but he hoped it would work.
was also a bad idea. When they realized it, a good part of the morning had passed until they managed to get into the car and return. In the early afternoon, they were back at the compound.
At that moment it started to rain harder, some lightnings fell in the distance with thunders brightening the sky.
«Who are you?» Tony asked. «Because yeah, the Captain theme seems borrowed, but the test result shown you are him or at least his DNA matches with yours. So the real question should be,
Tony went for the beers, and he couldn't help looking for where Steve was. Tony had not addressed him all night and looking at the room, he saw him next to a blonde girl. The same who had stood between them a couple of hours ago. She was talking very cheerfully with him. Well, if he was honest with himself, it was pretty obvious she was flirting with Steve.
voice live one more time was enough, was all he could have asked. Likewise, the thought that also interrupted his mind about him dying right there, at the hands of the man he profoundly loved, was not such a terrible idea either. But he did what he thought was best. Very, very slowly he started to turn around with his hands up. When he turned completely, he saw the iron suit in front of him.
"You are Captain America. You must be there to inspire patriotism," Natasha replied in a solemn tone.
“Tony,” Steve took a deep breath and was looking at him with some kind of understanding. He didn't seem upset.
Suddenly, Tony broke the kiss. And without putting distance between them, he looked at those reddened lips that tried to let the air in. He stared into those eyes whose blue was lost because they were possessed by hunger. "I can't do this," he said breathlessly.
"He will help us," Tony said, and then laughed of what he said. "So the extreme optimism comes with the body."
"If I am honest. It was a little difficult at first, but eventually I got to sleep. No all nights you can have an
"I am happy for you,” Steve said leaving the cup of coffee on the table. “I have to go," he also said very quickly and passed by his side still without looking at him.
"Wait a second,” Tony squeezed his eyes. “Who is Mephisto and why is she/he/it capturing souls? And for God's sake, how can souls be captured?"
His own life had been split in two for a long time. His heart was beating for one and the other with the same intensity for many years. Although many times he wanted to silence those other beats. He even believed he had handed him that part that belonged to him, but it was not enough.
Tony woke up. That was a very strange dream, he thought. He had fallen asleep again, he didn't know what that place had but he could rest there. He got up and went for a glass of water to the kitchen, through the window he saw it was beginning to be sunset. The images of the dream came back again. Pepper looked very beautiful in it, that smile made him feel a welcoming warmth in his heart. Waking up from such a dream, for the first time, left him a pleasant feeling. Tony decided to go for a walk around the lake.
"Wait a second, if it's you who will dance with me, I need to play a slower one," Chandra told him with a teasing smirk.
"Everything will be fine," Tony assured Steve. Although it seemed it should be the other way around.
"Come on girls, let's leave the gentlemen alone," said the Dad taking them by the hands and going to the other room.
After a few minutes of waiting, the remorse for what he was doing could do more than him. He needed to get out of there, at least plan this better.
Steve took it as a "continue" because while he kept kissing him, he wrapped his fingers around Tony’s cock, stroking carefully. Tony's moan was quite loud, and Steve's reaction was to slowly continue down kissing him all over his chest until he knelt in front of Tony.
"I'm yours, Steve," Tony told him, and Steve added a second finger making him gasp and shiver while he tightened his grip on Steve's hair.
Tony was going to the kitchen of the compound with a tablet in his hands trying to check out what was happening in the world. It was pretty early in the morning, but without his coffee he could not call himself a person. As he walked into the kitchen, he saw Steve who was standing with his back to him while pouring a cup of coffee. Tony hadn't seen him since
Tony's eyes showed all the pain and hurt Steve had seen that day in Siberia, but now also a tremendous anger that caused cold chills run through his veins.
"Great. We'll need as much help as possible. That way we'll return them as quickly as possible," Tony said.
"Yes?" Steve turned and was shocked at the vision in front of his eyes. Stephen Strange was in front of him. He was dressed very formally, like that day of the funeral of...
Steve laughed softly. "Thank you for this birthday. It has been one of my favorites," Steve told him feeling full of happiness.
"Nothing, buddy," Rhodey replied with a half smile, and Tony seemed not to have heard him. "We all had dinner together, what do you think?" Rhodey asked him.
"Mephisto is an extremely powerful demonic entity. His power and abilities are obtained by manipulating the forces of black magic," Wong tried to explain.
"Fuck you all," Tony said smiling and taking the beer again from Steve's hand. Those eyes looked at him with adoration and if it wasn't because he was playing strong, Tony really wanted to eat Steve whole at that instant. A few seconds later, Tony thanked God because the doorbell rang with the delivery guy. At least, there was something to focus on now that wasn't Steve's lips. Rhodey went for the food.
When Tony got up, he realized it. He was taller than Rhodey. And Bruce looked big, but not as big as he remembered him. Tony felt the heaviness of his body back. Since he had woken up, he had noticed it, but was in complete denial. He wanted to think he was still in a dream. But yes, he felt different.
"What is it, Love?" Tony asked and looked at the spot Steve was seeing. Four fingers marked on the skin could be noticed, and the reddened area was beginning to turn purple. Tony bit his lips, proud of his bruises due to their wild encounter. But when he looked up, Steve's worried eyes didn't seem to see the same as him. Steve got up and sat on the bed. "Hey, I'm fine. It was nothing." Tony hurried to say sitting next to him.
"Please," Tony replied. Steve turned around to pour his coffee, and Tony couldn't help tilting his head while looking at his body like a predator whose prey was too close; he bit his lower lip. When Steve turned to give him the coffee, he tried to hide his expression. Focusing on the coffee cup and taking a sip, but he could hear Steve's soft laugh.
He considered himself an optimistic, persevering, maybe even a stubborn person when trying to achieve what he wanted. But
Tony ended the short distance between them. With all the strength contained not only in those days, but since he had met him. He moved towards Steve placing his hands on his neck and began to kiss him. First he had only pressed his lips against his. But when Steve's hands immediately took him by the waist to bring him closer, it was all the permission he needed for his lips to start moving. Steve's moan echoed in his ears as Tony laced his fingers in his hair to pull him closer. Tony's tongue demanded entrance and their lips sealed in a desperate, hungry, longing kiss that left them breathless. A kiss from which they could not apart. They were taking each other desires and wants, their tongues were now playing in a burning ritual and Tony felt lost. But that was not enough, he wanted closeness. He wanted to merge with him. Steve picked him up and pushes him against the wall. A war to possess the kiss had begun, and Tony felt a strange sensation ran through his body. As if it wanted to pierce his soul, as if time could stop. Then, he turned his lips away for a moment to take some air, and Steve took the opportunity to kiss his neck. Tony could feel the warmth of his breath, his wet lips ran over his skin...
"You used to touch yourself thinking of me?" Tony asked with a hoarse voice. It had only been a few minutes, but he could already feel his cock twitch in anticipation.
Tony watched her close the door. He could be in Steve's body, but the speed at which so many thoughts went through his head was completely his.
"It's a constant process then," Tony said thinking out loud. "This morning I saw myself creating a better future, and even more since I'm with you it seems that I can live in the present. How scary and envious the past can be sometimes," he said smiling.
"You always find the right words?" Tony turned to look at him. "How do you do it? Don't be offended, but it seems like you always have a speech under your sleeve."
"In five minutes we will welcome 2023 and what better way to receive it! With my loving lady and my best friends!" Thor told them excitedly. "Two beers, please," he told the bartender.
Part of the team was in the meeting room discussing about the smuggling that was taking place in different areas of the country. After Bruce's procedure, Tony and almost the entire team had not found rest between so many missions. And those were Earth's problems only. God knows out there were more trouble, but they needed to start at home first. When they believed everything was getting better, new complications were evident. The medicine smuggling problem was increasing every day, but they had found the place where the criminal organization was hiding.
, he thought. Pepper and he used to call themselves like that, but Steve said it with such devotion. It made his heart felt replete of a captivating warmth. “Said it again,” Tony said with a sigh.
"Who do you think you're fooling, Steve?" Tony said accusingly. "If you said it, it's because you thought about it. The mission is about returning the stones, that's all. You can't stay in the past."
Although it sounded wrong, Tony was just saying it to himself without anyone around. Congratulating himself for having built a cell in his lab, now did not seem so paranoid or strange. Since a "Steve Rogers / Loki" lays unconscious in it. He knew the strength of the new weapon in his suit was quite powerful, but the true Captain could have handled it. Perhaps he would have fallen, but lose consciousness? That was the piece of a puzzle it had no form for now.
Then, he took them. For the first time in his life, he would do this for him, not the world. Since he woke up from the ice and even before, he had only dedicated his life to others and has never thought of himself for once. This was insane there was no doubt, but he needed to see
Tony smiled and nodded. Both went to the lake and placed the bags on the shore. Steve saw that there was no one around, undressed completely and went into the water immediately. Tony stared at him for a moment remembering his dream,
After a few minutes, Tony took a few steps back from him and went to his desk. He leaned on with his hands to both sides looking directly to those concern eyes. «I don't know why I think you are telling the truth. I know what it feels like to someone manipulates your mind. Wanda did it, and yet, with some certainty I could say I feel in my right mind. Then you, or at least the person who I know and confuse with you, talk to me about the pain of loss, my loss,
. Tony tried to let go of him, but the body in front of him held him firmly while placing softly one hand on the back of his neck. «I'm not going to hurt you. You have to calm down and try to breathe» Tony heard him said with a calming tone and to his own surprise, he began to breathe more easily. Despite he was in a peculiar position with his head resting on his chest, he wanted to think the comfort and serenity his voice conveyed to him, came from the memory of a friend whom he did trust.
"The world on earth and in the universe changed in an instant a day like today. The pain is like a flame that burns in our hearts and right now we feel it hurts us deeply, leaving us breathless. Our beloved family, friends, partners, colleagues, classmates, neighbors, each and every person that once touch our lives. We will never forget them. They will never leave our side, and we will honor their memories, their presences and legacies in this world. Nevertheless, life must go on. We can move on. If the impossible came true one day, then we know there can be no limits to our imagination. We must continue, it is worth living. One day not too far away that flame in our hearts will not extinguish. But we will learn to live with it and understand its purpose. To fill our hearts with warmth, keep us alive.  We will love them until eternity. We will live to honor their lives and our lives. We deserve to live fully. We owe to them and to the wonderful manifestation that is Life."
"None of us could understand it either. They examined you and you were fine. It looked like you were sleeping.”
"I saw you looking at me from the balcony," Tony told him very close. "You missed me?" he said with a playful smile.
. Rhodey's phone on the table in front of them rang, and Tony watched it, breathing hard. He got up despite Rhodey and Pepper's protests and answered without seeing who was.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw a yellow light appear at his side. He immediately touched his reactor, and his suit began to cover him. A portal opened in front of his eyes, like the ones he saw Strange opened many times that day. Wong entered his lab.
"I am sorry, Peps. For hurting you, for breaking your heart when you had given it to me unconditionally. My brave love, I will love you forever," Tony wrote her.
"God, it can't be that you haven't seen The Godfather," Bruce said in amazement. "It's one of the best movies in the history of cinema," he said excitedly.
One more time, a new life had been lived in just an instant. A weekend, an encounter, a night, a kiss that gave meaning to their lives.
Steve smiled, got up and took the lubricant out of his suitcase. He stood beside the bed to look delighted at Tony. Tony looked at his erection and didn't resist getting on his knee to take his cock into his mouth. Steve gasped desperately at Tony's relentless sucking. He knew how to take him to the edge of ecstasy with the movements of his tongue in a very short time.
"Nat, do you hear us?" Steve asked, and an explosion was heard. "Tony you need to get there. I will tell Bruce to help me with the civilians."
Steve smiled, and he could see the love in Pepper eyes while looking at Tony. She seemed tired, like she hasn't sleep either. She approached Tony and gave him a kiss in the forehead. Tears were running through her face.
"Stalking your boyfriend?" Natasha asked mockingly when she saw Tony coming to the kitchen. She was with Nebula talking, and the latter smiled when she saw Tony.
Steve was naked kneeling on the bed with his elbows on the mattress. Tony made his way back behind him stroking each muscle in his body with his hands. He went on testing Steve's skin with his lips as he listened to Steve breathe eagerly. Tony placed himself between Steve legs and kissed his buttocks only to then taste them with small bites that made Steve gasp. He pushed Steve’s thighs apart spreading him wider and revealing his entrance. Tony began giving him little kisses around until his tongue lightly brushed his entrance and he watched as Steve gasp while his hands grabbed the sheets beneath him. When Tony began to lick him properly, he listened in ecstasy to Steve's hot, tight moans. Tony kept playing with his tongue to moisten Steve's entrance, and his sudden gasps and sighs filled the silence of the room. He could feel Steve muscles twitching while he slipped his tongue inside him, loosening his entrance with each thrust. Steve's arousal could be felt all over his body, but his ragged breathing and those guttural groans were the ones taking over Tony's arousal. He started licking with his tongue Steve's perineum at intervals with his hole. Then, he slid half a finger into Steve's entrance and kneaded the sensitive walls, all while sucking Steve’s rim.
"I don't know how original it is, but it's nice to be inspired by someone else's art," said the young woman to her partner who was reading the poem thoughtfully.
"I think I lived missing everything, all the time. It wasn't nostalgia. I wanted everything to be as before. And after many stumbles, one day I realized I had to learn to live in this present." Steve told him thoughtfully.
The good old days...That's why he chose this timeline. But now he had to figure out what should be his next move not having the GPS with him.
Tony groaned, louder now, and Steve started pressing against every part of his aching erection and made him shiver. Steve was kissing him again but continued with that very special attention to his length. It seemed like the path to his pleasure had been etched in his memory, as if Steve could relive every movement, pressure and twirl that delighted him. Tony's breath became shallower when Steve stopped kissing him to watch him carefully as he increased the speed of his pulls. Tony stared at him panting and breathing through his mouth. Their lustful gazes melted into each other. Then Tony began to feel that overwhelming pulsing sensation that sent shivers and deep waves of pleasure all over his body. A guttural moan was heard from him when he cum that competed against the silence of the lake.
"The other day it occurred to me that after everything we've learned about how little we know about the universe. Maybe death is just going to another dimension," Tony told him smiling.
"We are all fools in Love," Steve said stroking his face. "I understood you, and I understand you now. It wasn't easy, but this time I had to wait for you to come to me," Steve looked at him with loving eyes. "And you did."
"I need more than that, Cap," Tony said looking into his eyes and could see in Steve's eyes the hunger mixed with sweet contentment.
. Who was going to believe it?" Tony said smiling, "I'll have to take care of it in detail," he said raising an eyebrow with a smirk.
"I like these internal GPS we have, that way we will never lose each other sight," Tony said smiling after a moment, and his heart was deeply moved to see Steve's delighted smile.
"Sometimes I see the days sombered even when the sun is out there. It is like my life loses all its brightness and everything remains grim; people, places, voices. All the experiences I live lose their color, the meaning," Tony said staring blankly, "Wow, it looks like I was waiting for someone to ask me," he said trying to smile.
"They were your best friends. They would have done it for you," Tony told him to make him feel better.
"Stop! Don't do you dare do that," Tony said in a menacing low voice. "Look at me, Steve," he said with a snort. "Look at me."
." Steve words wanted to warn him they shouldn't do what they were doing. But this time it was Steve who squeezed his erection tightly while giving him a hard stroke. Tony groaned and turned his head to look at Steve. His eyes told him he missed him, yes, but in them there was desperate hunger, a ravaging desire that was taking place also. Tony's mind ran through all the possibilities.
. Tony stopped and looked at the closet with all her clothes. Everything was still there intact. Objects that also cried out because of the loneliness and abandonment. He approached and took a piece of her clothes, brought it to his face and could still feel her smell. He no longer cared if it was only his imagination, for him it was her smell, it was her, his Pepper, his life. Suddenly, his thoughts rusted with the uncertainty of how it had happened. He saw them vanish in front of his eyes, he thought. Peter had turned to dust in his hands, and she too had vanished.
"After what happened in Siberia, I had promised myself I would never hurt you again. If I love you, with the force which I feel it, my thoughts spoke me of guilt at the fact I created those bruises." Steve explained it to him very sadly with his head down.
room," Natasha said with a mischievous smile as she pointed to Bruce that was also asleep on the sofa.
Steve couldn't believe what he had just discussed with Scott and even less he was alive after so long. I needed to talk to Tony, he thought. He didn't want to scare him, but he needed him to be there with them.
. For a moment he thought he had had some kind of contusion, and that's why he felt weird. He even believed the reflection in the mirror had been a dream. But no, apparently he was in Steve's body. And that was why he had seen himself in the middle of the room when he lost his conscience. He needed to get up.
«You don't have to. It's OK, it was my mistake that brought us here. And it's me who is making you carry this burden». Steve said sounding distressed.
Steve looked at him closely and hoped Tony knew he understood. He smiled, and Tony returned the same adoration Steve hoped he had given him with his gaze. They started kissing again.
They kissed once more, and another time, and one last until both realized they should say goodbye. They dressed and headed for the jet hatch. When it opened, the sun lit up their faces. They got off the jet and reaching the hangar door they turned to see each other. Tony touched his reactor which covered him to the neck. They remained motionless for several seconds without saying a word. Tony didn't want to leave, and he could feel Steve didn't want him to leave either. But he had to get back to Pepper, he needed to talk to her. He should go and break her heart. Tony looked at the floor.
They both headed to the entrance of the house where they would wait for a cab Friday had called. There, they needed to say goodbye until the next morning.
«Don't do it. Don't sacrifice yourself because it's the right thing to do,» Bucky said putting a hand on his shoulder.
"What are you talking about?" Tony said pretending he didn't know what or whom Rhodey was talking about.
Tony opened the front door, and when they were in the living room of the house, they stopped in front of each other. Both knew Tony had to leave early in the morning, so it was better to say goodbye at once.
Tony liked talking to Pepper, it made him feel better. After looking that the sandwich he had prepared was still on the plate, he decided he was not hungry and went to his room to try to sleep.
He could only feel his closeness while a shiver ran through his entire body. Now those eyes were looking at him carefully, waiting, yearning. And those full lips seemed to welcome him...
Half an hour later, Bruce had also joined dinner and now the five of them were resting on the sofas watching TV. Sure enough, Steve was on one of the sofas with Natasha lying with his feet on Steve's legs while he was giving her the massage. Tony couldn't help remembering Pepper while he saw Steve and Nat. They both looked so relaxed, so sympathetic to each other. As if that closeness was something very familiar. Tony missed those moments with Pepper, the simplicity of those brief moments. A thought came to his mind about how he had always recognized them. He had always recognized when he had been happy with Pepper. When the moments were special and he knew he should remember them forever. Those ephemeral moments were rooted in his memory. They defined his existence, his happiness, which only grow with those share moments. Even when one day he could have them with someone else, it will never happen again with her.
. Because he would always be that boy in the alley who would face injustices, who would fight for the good of all. Because everyone's welfare should prevail, even if that meant giving his life for it,
"We were with Blaine. Rhodey is going to schedule a meeting for us to discuss," Tony told him speaking very formally.
Tony cry out in pleasure and pain at the same time and reached out to hold onto Steve's neck. Steve was still holding his leg and pulled his cock out to shove it back in, and Tony arched his back moaning loudly. Steve began to move inside him with hard, steady thrusts, and then he went from holding his leg to use his thumb to rub over the head of Tony cock. Just how he knew he liked it. Tony was now breathing hard at Steve's thrusts, and his caresses made him lose himself. With those deep thrusts, Tony felt completely into surrender, whimpering without restrictions. His hips started jerking frantically to fully satiate himself of Steve's hand and cock until he came vigorously. A rush of heat filled him when Steve came a few thrusts later.
"Thanks, man," Rhodey replied with a smile. "I know it's a difficult day for everyone, but we've come this far and I think we can continue," he looked at the people around him.
"Good, that's good. What time would it be? We are going to connect with Wakanda too. I suppose," Steve said stepping out and looking at the floor.
Tony smiled. "I'll be fine. I promise," Tony assured him again. "I will think about how we will comfort each other tonight," he said with a mischievous smile.
"What's it Tony, are you afraid of being alone?," Ultron asked laughing again. "It's just my friend and I to keep you company."
"I need to go to the bathroom," Tony now recognized Steve voice. He looked at Bruce and Rhodey who nodded, and then turned to see Pepper near him looking distressed. They let him walk alone to the bathroom. When he opened the door, Steve's reflection saw him back again. Tony slowly walked to the mirror and put his hands on each side.
"I'm fine, it was just a little piece I already withdrew," Tony said without looking him in the eyes, but with a calmer tone now. "There's no way I won't end up hurt when I'm with you, right?" He then said with resignation.
"That's great," Natasha nodded. "By the way, everyone wants to come to visit you two, but I have them under control," she said smiling.
Pepper hugged him tightly. "I knew everything would work out." She stroked his face, and Tony saw her very moved.
Steve was standing at the end of the wooden path over the lake. In the sky, the grey clouds were filling every part. It will start raining soon, Steve thought. It had been good to be alone for a couple of days. Tomorrow he would make the journey of returning the stones. He knew what he had to do. Now he was sure. Suddenly, he heard the Iron Man suit land on the ground a few meters away. In one way or another, he knew Bruce would tell Tony what they have talked. He heard Tony's footsteps echo through the wood, but he couldn't turn to see him. He didn't feel strong enough to see him in the eyes. Thunders were heard in the sky.
Steve stared at him for a long time, Tony couldn't know how much. They were just staring at each other in silence until Steve replied. "I would have a new beginning. A new life... With
Tony could not help that warm feeling growing in his chest. "You visit her often, right?" He said to Steve trying to change the subject.
The more he thought about it, the more disgraceful and unforgivable it seemed what he had done. Tony dressed as quickly as he could to get down to the lab. It was better if he focused on something else. When he went to the elevator, the roar of his stomach surprised him. Suddenly, he realized he was very hungry, as if he hadn't eaten in days and now his body was scolding him for abandonment.
"And how am I supposed to do that?" Tony asked. Steve had said to him to peel some potatoes that were over the counter.
care about you," Steve said  with pain in his voice. "I want you to know I am here for you. I want to help you."
"Maybe I could help you relax in a different way," Chandra said, moving her hand to touch him. "Love, are you sure you were having a nightmare?" Chandra replied jokingly.
"It's really amazing you're working on one of the designs right now. If it doesn't bother you, I offer you my help," Sarah told him.
Tony was the first to get out of the car and headed for the door. He had only taken a few steps inside the entrance hall when felt Steve's hand take him by the arm to turn him around. It was not necessary, just feeling his touch Tony was already turning and rushing over Steve. Tony took him by the neck and was kissing him with all his might. It was a desperate kiss that Steve received with equal abandon as he took Tony by the waist to bring him closer to his body.
Steve collapsed against Tony who wrapped his arms around him and pulled him closer. After a moment, Steve slipped out of Tony’s body and rolled to the side bringing him close to him. They were hugging each other trying to catch their breaths.
Steve went to a bookshelf, and when he opened the door, he smiled shaking his head. He realized the bread bag was on a shelf he couldn't reach. Tony softly laughed and didn't know if he should feel good or not to the scene in front of him. He approached Steve, took the bread bag and handed it to him.
"You cannot tell him why you are there, but you can assure him you are there because I told you. He will understand," Strange told him.
"When will it stop, Love? When will it stop hurting?," Tony said feeling his tears running down his face.
In a few minutes, he was reaching the city where the hurricane would soon arrive. Tony had to dodge all kinds of objects while approaching land. The winds were impossibly strong, but he was glad he had spent so much time improving his suit. When he landed in the city, he immediately set about helping the people he found running for refuge. Schools and shelters were still open receiving those coming. Tony started helping the families and all people he found on the streets, but he could feel Steve's closeness.
Steve and Tony stared at each other and both laughed. That was a disaster, but for some inexplicable reason when he was with Steve he felt fine, calm. Like that scenario was not something extraordinarily unusual. And what about that other scenario they seemed to be on purpose avoiding? It felt like an unspoken agreement of focusing in solving returning to their bodies first. With that, they spent hours searching for information and Tony kept telling the AI which findings to research more or create some kind of connection. Steve seemed to follow him for a good while, until at one point, Tony saw him asleep on the sofa next to his desk. He could not help smiling. After eating he felt a tremendous energy, as if those sandwiches had given him fuel for many days. But Steve in his body, it seemed he had finally given up to weariness. He looked completely relaxed, at peace. Better let him rest, tomorrow they would have a long day, Tony thought.
Tony entered the lab and sat down resting his head in his hands on the desk. The images returned to him one after another.
. It is a technique and yes, for what it says, the fish is returned to the water. On the other hand, who is going to touch them and take their... Oh, I can't even say it» said Tony making more exaggerated gestures of disgust.
«She greatly appreciated the gesture, you could say» Tony told him, focusing on cutting a piece of meat.
when he felt Steve's hand on his neck to lift his face and steal him a kiss, "morning," Tony finished saying with his eyes closed. When he opened his eyes, he could see Steve's face of satisfaction at having surprised him.
"We must keep in mind many of the people there, are civilians. They are in forced labor, so we have to be very careful," Rhodey said firmly.
It was already dark, maybe it was midnight, he thought. Steve knew he shouldn't leave the room and the truth was, he thought he could live there all his life if he only knew Tony would always come for him. It seemed like a gift from the universe that this day he could be there to see him once more. If Steve thought about it, he really hadn't thanked Strange for doing this for Tony. Strange had spoken to him of an unbreakable force, but Steve could recognize those words.  "
Tony smirked, and while still holding Steve's hole open with his fingers, he darted his tongue in. Giving shallow licks to the inside making him gasped even more. But soon after Tony slowly pulled away and lined up to press the head of his cock against Steve’s opening. Steve cried out in pleasure as Tony pushed further and further in, filling him. He felt Steve trembled and shook as he pulled slowly out until only the head of his cock was caught on his rim. First he thrust slowly in, letting Steve feel him whole when he pushed relentlessly inside him. He did it again, and again, picking up a delicious pace that made them both groan ardently.
"Come on Tony, don't be so rude. Why don't you say hello to my new friend?" said Ultron's voice ringing throughout the compound.
When they finished breakfast, they took a walk through the streets. It was a fairly small town and perhaps as it was Saturday, there were not many people on the street. Walking through one of the streets they noticed an old chapel that looked out on a hill, and they went there. The town was surrounded by flowers and green pastures everywhere, it was really wonderful. When they reached the chapel, they saw it was open and Steve told Tony to enter. There was a lady lighting some candles and a couple sitting in silence. Steve went immediately to see the paintings on the walls. He walked around fascinated seeing the paintings, while Tony was seeing
Steve joined the laughing. "In the sense... God, there is no way with you! I know you could continue playing with me all day"
"Friday, do a scan of the place. If I remove these stones, how much time will I have to spend on the other side and leave?" Tony asked.
, his mind yelled. Love had died the day he returned and learned she also had disappeared. No one could talk about love. It was not
"And he too Steve and don't deny me you didn't see it in his eyes. The poor man loses all his genius when you're in front of him," Natasha said smiling.
. Beyond the weak, small and sickly boy from Brooklyn. But the man who only wanted to help, prove himself, and not the…”
«Sir, Miss Potts is calling you. Do you want me to answer the call?» Friday interrupted them, and suddenly Tony came back to reality.
"You did great, Cap," Tony told Steve with a proud smile. Steve was coming back from finishing the speech and sat next to him.
Tony nodded. He knew Steve thanked him for making that situation something not so absurd when trying to joke about it. After a few minutes in silence, Tony spoke again. "When did you wake up?"
Tony looked at the floor, now he felt ashamed. “I didn't mean to say that. It was rude. I'm sorry too,” said looking at Steve. “Sometimes I can be a truly jerk,” Tony finished saying miserably.
"Marriage problems, you know, the usual. Maybe we could order something to eat. Those two are going to be like that for a while." Natasha replied.
Tony wondered. Likewise, he felt a caress on his face. Someone was caressing him softly, and he heard the sound of words that seemed whispers, but that he could not understand.
Tony hadn't wanted to come before. Pepper's family had put a gravestone with her name. At first it had seemed absurd to him, but out of respect for Pepper's family, he had arranged for the grave to always have flowers. Tony did not remember being in a cemetery since the death of his parents and now he understood why he had not done so. They walked silently through the green grass until they found the space of the Potts family. There it was, the gravestone with her name. Tony felt Steve put his hand on his back and caressed him. When he turned to see him, his heart felt a little more courage by Steve's affectionate look. Tony nodded and Steve walked away.
"Sure, Cap." Tony realized he called him Cap like in the old days. He felt he was going back in time. Suddenly, he realized they were the only left in the room.
He needed a drink, or at least take some air. He had to calm down. All of a sudden, he went out through the door without addressing Steve. And to be fair, at that precise moment he could not see him in the face.
Tony rolled his eyes, but then he couldn't help but run out of breath when he looked at Steve. He must have been in the gym, and now was all clean, fresh,
"Oh, so you need to test it more. OK, I could never oppose to research," Tony said with a serious tone but smiling very pleased.
Steve nodded and approached Tony. He took him by the waist, and they arrived at the house FRIDAY had scanned and found a family inside. When they landed, Tony broke the door and saw the family under several tables. He did not expect there would be so many. There were three adults, three children and an older person.
"Hi, you two," Bruce said smiling as he saw Steve and Tony got out of the car at the compound's gate.
"I did," Steve said, looking at him deeply. "I was thinking of pleasing you," he said hoarsely while using his thumb to rub small circular motions around his head.
The next morning, to his own surprise Tony had slept, at least a little. This time he was hungry, so he had for breakfast last night's sandwich and thought about going for a run in the woods in a little while.
"FRIDAY dear, I need you to look for information on souls. I think I heard once something about astral travel. Any kind of mysticism that may exist about the exchange of souls." Tony asked the AI.
Tony rushed to kiss him and Steve received him moaning as Tony was stroking his cock over the fabric. A few second later, Tony reached into the boxer and Steve groaned intensely.
At that moment Natasha entered the kitchen, "Good morning Stark, I'm starving. Have you had breakfast yet?"
and take into notice he was in a cell. There was a counter with food and water. He saw some furniture, but yes, he seemed to be confined. He got up as best as he could and went to the counter to pour himself a glass of water.  While trying not to spill it due to his shaking hands, he then realized he was thirsty and hungry. If he thought about it, he could not remember the last meal he had.
"We are very tired, for the first time in 6 months we can have a beer quietly. Give us 2 minutes and
"I'm the first one going all the worlds that could exist just to kick your ass, if it occurs to you to do it," Natasha said reproaching him.
A couple of hours later FRIDAY told them it was still not good to go out even though the worst part was over. Tony and Steve were still under a certain tension that had nothing to do with the storm outside. But none found the words to start a conversation veiled in their minds.
«I know,» Steve told him. He could see in his eyes the struggle. Tony was fighting inside him too. Steve wanted the life they shared to return, but this time
Suddenly, an image of the compound door appeared on another of the screens on the table. Tony didn't pay much attention to the person on it, thinking it would be a delivery man.
Steve's mouth dropped lower, opening his jaw to take Tony’s cock completely. He began to move his tongue with each suck, and Tony gasped while hips made an effort to thrust up. For a moment, Tony thought it was too much. But when he heard Steve's pleasurable groan when he moved his hips, he felt he almost reached orgasm with just that sound. Steve pulled off for a second and then sink over Tony's entire cock and back off. He continued sucking and getting faster within the minutes. Tony's whole body was shaking, and his hips had lost all restraint, but Steve's moans encouraged him and in an instant he was giving in to the heady pleasure of orgasm. Steve sucked on every hip movement until Tony cock twitched on his tongue as he came. He kept sucking and tasting, savoring Tony with his tongue.
"You are, even right now under the fear, you are. You are with me, inside me," Steve replied very calmly. "I can't expect you to change your world for me. But it is enough you love me as much as I love you. And I can feel that."
, nothing. It was a stupid moment, a ridiculous kiss that did not mean anything to me. And I really don't care if it meant something to you.» Tony took a deep breath and look at Steve with resignation. «Maybe it is time for you truly learn the lesson, Cap. We lost, EVERYTHING. We lost, and there is no way back.»
"I'm glad you're here," Tony told him when Steve opened his eyes. He didn't understand why he felt the need to say it, but his heart seemed to be overwhelmed with a sensation he couldn't describe.
"Fuck," Tony said with a groan of agony. "Love, please, I need you," Tony said begging and Steve knew what he meant. Steve lowered Tony's pants completely, bending down to also take off his shoes while watching Tony's chest contract with a quick breath. He got up and took off his clothes. He watched Tony seeing him with hungry eyes. He came over to kiss him and when their naked bodies touched, they both groaned loudly.
"Stop. Please, Tony, stop," Steve said begging him. "I thought it was enough to know you were alive. I had come back to life the day I saw you get off that ship. You were alive, you were happy with Pepper and that was all that mattered. But you appeared here again, and this time I didn't care about what was right or wrong. That's why I kissed you in the cave, because for one time in my life I wanted to love you without anything else mattering. But I was wrong." Steve went to the door and opened it. "If you saw part of my life as I saw yours, you will know how my story always ends," he finished saying without looking at him and left the room.
"Thank you," Steve said. "I brought you something from Wakanda, but it's in my bag downstairs," he said, blushing intensely.
"The element of surprise, doesn't make it fun?" Steve spoke in a very low voice while giving tiny kisses on his neck.
Tony went to the kitchen, and Steve was having coffee with a couple of toasts. He didn't look away when he saw Tony entering the kitchen. Tony headed to look for a cup to pour himself coffee. After pouring his coffee, he turned around, and Steve was waiting for him leaning on the counter.
Steve began to thrust him, and if some reason or thought about what they were doing and where they were doing it went through Steve's mind, it had vanished into a delight moment of rapture. Tony heard him moan loudly after every thrust, and he could tell Steve liked what they were doing. Even more when he felt how Steve was trying to find the perfect spot of pleasure in a friction that seemed insatiable.
not the fantasy. And the guilt and the shame made an appearance once again. He was there because he wanted to be alone on Pepper's birthday and ended the day thinking only of Steve
"Captain Rogers, nice to see you again. Mr. Stark is in the kitchen at moment, Sir. Would you like me to let him know you are here?" Friday asked sounding too clever, Steve thought. Even she seemed to know perhaps he would not be welcome.
"Good, we can go now." Tony told him, having a sip of coffee and picking up some things from his desk.
"OK, we need to set rules. He's not a doll. He's a little puppy and needs care and love..." Tony heard Steve tell the children when he turned around.
«I do, it's really beautiful» Steve answered trying to sound the most natural he could. Nevertheless, Tony smart as always, noticed the restlessness of his voice although he did not say anything.
«We do. I made you signed it last night while you were asleep,» Tony said closing the distance again and sucking Steve's lower lips.
Tony watched them discuss what movie watch. Thor and Rhodey talked very entertainingly in the kitchen. They had had a very pleasant afternoon, much better than his morning plans had been. They made a barbecue, drank beers and Tony couldn't feel more grateful. Even with Steve everything was very normal, he explained Tony about the projects they were going to run along with Wakanda. And Tony told him about how Bruce's procedure would be. At the end, everyone ate, joked and had a good time. Pepper's birthday was not so sad after all. Tony hoped she could also feel all the blitheness he could feel at that moment.
Steve took a breath and pray to a God he really did not know was there but needed so badly right now. «I cannot tell you exactly how I traveled here because you must know this better than me that I should not change the future. And I am afraid neither you or anyone else
Steve immediately stood up a little to look around terribly shocked, "Tony, I thought...," but then he heard Tony's laugh.
"It's not easy. I understand you because I've been there," Bruce said sympathetically, "But Tony, for now the distraction may work, but inevitably one day you'll have to forgive yourself and forgive her to be able to move on."
They were in one of the hospital corridors. Steve was restless, breathing hard. He needed to see him. He needed to know he was fine.
"It's just I'm tired, but you were right to tell me to talk to Rogers, it's better this way," Tony assured him. "Maybe now I can go to the gym too. I have no excuse for not going" also said smiling broadly.
Steve looked at the ground. "I know," he took a deep breath. "I could feel your closeness long before I saw you."
"I'm here for you," Steve replied with a warm smile and now looking more relax. «What are you up to?
«What if it isn't about time?» Steve said looking down. «What if it's about one of us taking the decision?»
Tony turned to see him, "Is it a sacrilege if I try to kiss you inside the chapel?" He said looking at his lips.
"Well that's not fair, I wouldn't make you wait so long to give you something you want," Tony told him complaining.
Tony thought. His eyes met Steve's the moment Shannon put her hand on his shoulder. And Tony did nothing but look down. Well, they had to focus on the task and were within hours of arriving.
"The main point of contact where everything is being distributed is from this small town in Honduras," Steve said, pointing to the location on the screen.
Tony looked at her and half hugged her stroking her shoulder. "I'm going to miss this opportunity to tease you," he said jokingly.
"What the hell are you doing here?," Tony raised his voice. “Where is Friday?," he asked getting angry.
"You prove my point!" Tony joked with him and saw him smile. "See you tomorrow, Cap." He turned around and left the room.
Steve noted the closeness between him and Tony when Tony took a step back a turned to reply to Rocket approaching the screen.
The smile on Tony's face could melt Steve wounded heart; he looked excited. They were in the garage of the house, in front of his incredible car collection.
"The food is ready, now we can...Tony?" Steve asked when he saw Tony wasn't sitting in the living room even though the TV was on.
," he had said jokingly to Tony. They bought bags that kept the cold because the midday heat was already giving everything of itself. Lacking little to get to the cabin, both were heated and sweating. Steve looked at the lake and his face lit up completely.
"Well it's me, and I'm a lost cause, but thank for caring for me dear. Everything is okay, really." This time Tony spoke a little more like himself.
The next morning, Tony was in his lab reviewing a design he had about a recycling project.  During the night, Steve's words had been an echo that remained for a long time. He had not recognized it before, but it was true. Sometimes he gave up in a considerable
A few weeks later they were on a mission. Although Tony had believed that perhaps their days as Avengers were over, he eventually realized the world was still there needing them. Natasha, Steve and he finished helping the police, and now Tony was flying back home.
While they continued touring the surroundings of the house, Tony told him the plans were quite simple. They could go fishing, do some hiking. And as Friday had told him, they could visit a nearby town whose fair was just starting that week.
with another person. Steve aroused in him an unreadable passion that was reborn in every encounter, in every moment shared with him. Their connection became stronger with every knowledge of whom they really were. He felt his soul stripped before Steve in a communion his heart assured him every day it was love. Tony took a deep breath. His head began to spin trying to find a way to solve that situation. What to do and what to say. In that same afternoon he had thought about playing a dangerous game, now he recognized it was more complicated than he thought.
They looked at each other for a moment as if both thought the same. Then Tony returned to the counter and Steve took some containers from the fridge. While Tony watched Steve prepare the sandwiches, he couldn't stop thinking about the ways Steve moved his body. It was different. Steve could be using his body, but he made movements Tony could recognize were only of Steve. Both remained silent until Steve finished the sandwiches.
They were on the porch watching the sunset over the lake. Steve was sitting in one of the chairs with a beer in his hand looking now at Tony, while he was stood leaning on one of the wooden columns.
"Sir, there is a fire in the center of the city, and it has taken several squares. The police ask for your help because firefighters cannot contain it and take all people out," the AI replied.
"You were looking for me? Can I help you with something?" Steve asked them trying to change the subject.
It was sadness in Tony's voice what Steve could recognize. He took a deep breath and left the apartment trying not to make noise. He needed to walk for a good while.
Tony caressed her face and then turned to see Steve who nodded. They watched Wong open a portal and followed him.
"I must return to my table, but I hope to hear from you," Sarah said with a look that spoke about something else rather than the recycling project.
"It's also not about me not trusting you, Tony," Steve said calmly and taking a deep breath. "I once told you, you were not the guy to make the sacrifice play, and I clearly remember your answer.
Tony smiled with that mischievousness in his eyes Steve loved so much. He knew Steve was provoking him on purpose. They stared at each other, and Steve felt an electricity run through his body at the touch of Tony's hand. How could it be possible the simple touch of him could overwhelm him?
The machine was smaller than the one they had created for the other journeys. However, the procedure remained the same. Steve was in the center of the device with his suit and GPS in hand. In the hangar were only Tony, Bruce, Rocket, Natasha and him.
"Well that's all for today. Okoye said she was connecting a little later to the meeting," Natasha said getting up and leaving the room. "Behave you guys."
Tony stopped and looked at the peaceful lake. There was a fate out there waiting for him, he thought. And it was impossible to know where that path he had chosen would take him. But something in his heart told him he had been right. His soul undoubtedly connected to both Steve's and Pepper's assured him this was the right way.
Again everything went black, and he seemed to return to the elevator. However, this time everything went a little faster and when he opened his eyes he saw himself on top of a car.
"Don't talk me dirty," Tony said joking with her and Sarah laughed. "I'll send you both designs, although for me it would have to be hot," Tony explained from his desk.
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve asked him with worry in his voice. For Tony own surprise, he found himself kneeling with his hands resting on the floor and Pepper's piece of clothing in front of him. He hadn't noticed when he fell down.
A couple of hours later, the conference was over. They said goodbye to the ambassadors and went to the limo that would take them back home. They both sat down, and a strange silence accompanied them all the way to the compound. Tony didn't dare turn to see Steve, but he could feel the tension between them contained in the air he was breathing.
"For God's sake, stop apologizing!" Tony told him a little desperate, then approached him and began to kiss him very hard. That was not the plan, nor the conversation he was planning in his mind, but he needed him so much. He needed to kiss him, touch him, know and feel he was finally back with him. Steve kissed him with the same despair, but when he took him by the waist to bring him closer, he seemed to remember the bruises and tried to break apart. Then Tony took his hair tightly and almost buried his nails in his shoulder to keep him there with him. That made Steve groan loudly. Tony knew both wanted the same thing, but Steve was fighting an internal battle and tried  again to break the kiss. In a desperate attempt Tony bit his lip, then Steve now with his true strength took both of Tony hands and put his arms against his back changing their positions.
It was a lot of fun, Steve thought. He had won the dart game, and Tony had no choice but to ride the attraction with him. That was good, because he really did not know how to answer Tony's question about him changing with time. And so, the hours passed, and they went home quite exhausted. They had done a lot of things in just one day.
"That must have been difficult," Tony said with a sigh, "But perhaps the only good thing about not being able to get drunk is not going through the hangover."
"No friend! No Banner!" He yelled even more angrily and tried to punch Thor. However, although everyone prepared to help him. Hulk grabbed his own head and started screaming in pain.
"You don't look like an old man," Steve laughed. "You look great," and he felt himself blush. He tried to lift the coffee cup on his face as if that was enough to cover it.
Steve was at the bar again asking for another beer when he felt arms wrapped him from behind. He smiled very pleased.
"Nice to meet you, my name is Sarah," she said extending her hand. "You don't know me, but I was one of the engineers who worked on the recycling project in Manhattan that was funded by you. Well, at least I was before the...
"Let's go to the cabin," Tony said breathlessly and saw Steve breathe through those reddened lips and nod.
«I know, but you need to calm down, Steve,» Natasha said trying to convey some tranquility to a quite difficult situation.
Of the thousands of scenarios he could have thought in that minute, none one word of what Wong said passed through his head.
Tony laughed too, «I think you already know I'm fine. We are getting back tomorrow, see you buddy,» he finished saying hurried up.
"I saw you move restless. I tried to wake you up, but the suit covered you. I tried to override it, but it did not work either," Steve said concerned.
"So our souls chose to play us for learning purposes." Tony spoke without turning around. He didn't want to see Steve.
Tony looked at her and saw she could feel he was not well, and maybe he needed some time alone. Pepper knew him so well that that was her way of telling him she understood him. Tony stroked her face and kissed her softly.
"Tony," Steve said hesitant, and when Tony turned to see him, he could tell Steve now looked relaxed. "Thank you.”
Tony nodded without answering, just giving her a slight smile. When they got to their house, Tony stood in the middle of the living room not knowing what to do. He felt Pepper's arms wrap around him and he sighed stroking her arms.
Steve was kissing him again, and Tony broke apart to continue teasing him, «No really. How old are you now? 110? 120?» Tony asked him grinning.
Tony didn't know what to do or think. He just hoped to hear the car start and Steve getting away from him.
"Hey, I already feel old, call me Tony. Tell me you're not busy to help me with my project," Tony said as he watched one of his screens.
. That thought drove Tony crazy, and he cried out in pleasure when just then he felt Steve press his cock the way he liked it. "Tony," he heard Steve say with a grunt as he felt Steve's hard cock behind him. Tony couldn't take it anymore. He turned around and started kissing Steve fiercely dragging him against the wall. He wanted to devour him, make him his, he wanted Steve to be his. And as if Steve read his thoughts, he broke the kiss and gasped, "Fuck me." Tony growled and kissed him again, reaching into his pants. He took Steve's cock and remembered the sensations of having it in his hands. He gave him a hard stroke and heard Steve groan ecstatically. At last he could please him, a hidden desire that came true. Steve stopped again and stared at him intently before turning around, pulling down his pants. Tony looked at those beautiful buttocks and squeezed them listening to Steve's pleased moan. Then he thought it might be painful, but Steve surprised him once again. "I can handle it," he gasped, glancing sideways at him. Tony wet his fingers and tried to lubricate Steve's entrance with his saliva. "Tony," the despair in Steve's voice made him lose his sanity once more and he dared to just put the head of his cock. The growls of both merged into one, and Tony saw Steve throw his head back. "Fuck me," Steve said once more, and Tony thrust his entire cock into Steve until he rested his head on his back. That was too much, Tony couldn't move. He was inside Steve. Suddenly, he noticed how Steve's body trembled completely, Tony could feel the sea of emotions that surrounded Steve. Tony stroked his back and heard him sigh and relax a little. He ran his hand down Steve's abdomen until he took his cock and heard him moan. He stroked his cock several times before trying to move inside of him. Then when he did, when he finally moved, he heard Steve's moan of pleasure. He began to move slowly along with his strokes resting one of his hands on Steve's waist. Little by little the rhythm grew and also the gasps of both. Steve said his name over and over, and Tony couldn't think of anything else but to make him cum. When a movement hit Steve's prostate making him cry out, Tony felt a fury break loose in his body. He would make Steve cum screaming his name, because he would be marking him with his essence forever. Tony's thrusts drove them both into a frenzy, until Steve arched his back to cum with all his might and Tony exploded inside him.
And Tony told himself he simply would ignore his heartbeats. Yep, his heart could desperately beat. He would just ignore it.
"Captain! Captain! Captain!" Tony heard the screams of the girls running into the room. He and Steve froze looking into each other's eyes. Tony couldn't help smiling and hid his head in Steve's neck. He felt Steve's chest move with his silent laugh too. Tony then lifted his head to turn to look at the three girls. They were standing in front of them with a mischievous smile on their faces.
"I'm sorry Tony. They threatened me if I didn't say where you were," Bruce told him trying to seem ashamed and followed Natasha inside the house.
"I need you," Steve sighed into his ear, making him shiver. "I want you," he began to slide his hand over Tony's abdomen until he reached his bulge. Tony moaned as he felt Steve stroke his cock over the fabric. After a moment, he managed to reach into his pants and took his already hard cock making him groan loudly. Steve stroked his cock as if he knew it, as if he knew what he liked. Tony's mind went to those days when they had been in each other's bodies. Steve had also touched himself,
“It was you by my side that day when I was unconscious,” Tony said and Steve turned around again. “I felt empty when your caresses and your whispers went away.”
"Hey," Steve saw Natasha coming. He was in the hallway leaning against the wall. She had followed him. "Come on, Steve. Don't give up so easily. It's not something Captain America would do," Natasha told him with a smile.
"A little honeymoon, we know that," said Natasha teasing him, and Bruce's soft laugh was heard as he watched his phone attentively.
Rhodey arrived with the food and everyone sat at the table. Steve sat next to Tony and he wished he hadn't done it. Every brush of his skin, aroused too close memories and distracted him from focusing on eating. However, after a few minutes of hard concentration, Tony was able to focus on eating calmly. They talked, kept joking with Steve and Tony and remembered some moments of the past as it always used to happen when they were together. When they finished eating, they decided to watch some TV.
. “I can do this all day.” He heard himself say, but it was not he who voiced those words and he felt the pain of another punch. A few seconds later he got up.
Tony arrived at the cabin, texted Rhodey and went straight to take a cold shower. Later, he went to the kitchen and prepared something to eat even when he wasn't really hungry.
They arrived to center of the town and headed to a cafeteria for breakfast. It was like a morning in the lab, but this time with a better view. As always, they talked a little about everything. Tony was surprised at how comfortable he felt with Steve, and he could tell Steve felt the same. Like being together was so natural that there was no reason to feel any awkwardness. As if everything had been meant to be so.
«Friday, while the sleeping beauty is still in dreamland, let's run some few test I am sending you right now» Tony said to the A.I.
Despite that, Steve explained him he needed to go to the hotel where he stayed the previous night. He really didn't want to distance himself from Tony, but he knew they should take a moment to think about what had happened. Steve would leave, try to rest a little, maybe eat something and in the morning he would return.
"You said it. In the past," Natasha was staring at him. "Life went on as it always does and united your lives a little more than they already were. Maybe everything happened for a reason, Steve."
, Tony thought, but he felt an inevitable melancholy hearing his voice. Now, it would be his turn to return home and explain to Pepper he was going to embark on a new mission to save the world. Tony got up and headed for the door when he heard his name.
Steve looked at those eyes that were his life. "I love you," he told him and kissed him tenderly. "I was fooling myself by saying I should stay in the past. I just was scare at the thought of not being with you," Steve said looking at him ashamed.
? No, that should not continue, and nothing will happen beyond that. He promised himself without further explanation. They were unnecessary.
After a few arrangements and indications to Friday, they were ready to go. Tony went to one of his Ferrari and opened the trunk to put their bags. They both got into the car, and Tony asked Friday to locate the road in the GPS. They would have about 5 hours of travel, so that was plenty of time to talk. However, at the beginning they were both silent for a few minutes, perhaps neither of them knew what they could talk about. Feeling the discomfort of the silence, Tony spoke first.
"Where? Tony? What's going on?" Tony heard Pepper scream, but he ran to his room to find his reactor. He immediately placed it in his chest, opened the balcony of the room and fly away into the storm.
Steve came over and handed him the sandwiches along with a glass of something that looked like juice. Tony devoured them in an instant. He could not remember any moment in his life he had felt that fierce hunger. Steve seated next to him just watching him and smiling in silence.
"Mephisto used black magic, but this very old ritual will only use your own energy to attract your souls to your bodies," Wong explained.
Tony this time bit his lip to not laugh loudly, and then he tried to look serious. The intensity of the redness on Steve's face couldn't be more obvious.
Tony was touching himself desperately, he needed to end the agony of wanting Steve with all his might. Another groan.
"Yes," Tony said with a deep exhalation and felt Steve lift his leg to thrust his cock into one movement.
He would only have waited a few hours, and Wong would have done his magic to return them to their bodies. Now the simple act of running the soap through Steve's body had him paralyzed again. He would do it very quickly, and everything would end, he told himself. When he started passing the soap, he heard a sigh. For a moment he did not know where it came from until he realized it had been himself. This could not be happening, but Steve's cock was reacting to all the dirty thoughts that were ravaging his head and he could not avoid.
Tony sat up in bed with Bruce's help. The heaviness of his body was still overwhelming. He closed his eyes for a moment and felt a hand that took his and caressed it. Tony opened his eyes and saw Pepper sitting next to him with all her love reflected in her eyes. He stroked her hand too and saw her smile. On his right side he saw Bruce sitting in a chair beside him while Rhodey stood next to him.
"Somnang is a monk I met in Cambodia. He taught me I should love and accept the ways of its expression. He told me it was worth living them, each one of them." Steve replied.
"I better tell him to come up. It will be easier for both of you if you already talk." Pepper smiled at him and headed for the door. "Tony." He looked up to see her. "I love you. Everything will be fine."
he repeated in his mind. Steve approached the door, and the world as it had once been conceived, changed in an instant.
A moment later Tony came out of the water with his naughty gaze, approaching to kiss him and keep pulling his cock. Then, Tony introduced a finger in his entrance while continuing to stroke his cock and Steve was lost to his touch. He raised one of his legs, so Tony had more access to his hole. They were savoring their lips, and Steve was moaning at Tony's finger thrusts. Suddenly, Tony put just the tip of his cock in his entrance and began to stroke it very slowly.
Tony was done running on the treadmill. It felt pretty good to drain all the energy he had left exercising. They had had a rather complicated day, but also the fight with Steve left him quite exhausted.
"Tony, please..." Steve didn't know how to calm him down, and Tony's fury was increasing with every second.
Steve was watching Wakanda's wonderful night sky from the balcony of his room. The city was wonderful at night, and the stars and fireworks brightened everything around. He was in the palace bedroom that had been given to them to spend the night. Tony was saying goodbye to Rhodey who would return with Carol early in the morning. While they, as part of a honeymoon that seemed delightfully endless, would stay a few more days in Wakanda. Steve heard the door of the room open and saw the man of his life enter with the most wonderful smile he had seen in his life. Tony immediately approached him to kiss him. Steve wrapped him in his arms, groaning when he felt the bite of his lower lip.
And yet, dealing with death in the future didn't seem as difficult as trying not to feel affected by Steve.
Tony rolled his eyes, but smiled. "They are already on their way." Then Tony saw Rhodey come in and go straight to the fridge for a couple of beers. "Hey buddy, do you have any wine?"
"We understand. Tony, I loved seeing you, honey." Pepper's mom gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
The next morning, Tony was drinking coffee in his lab, and he couldn't stop thinking about what had happened the night before. The talks, the drinks, the games had continued until late and when everyone went home, they looked quite happy, so to speak. He avoided being alone with Steve, and it was easy for him to continue sharing with others. He knew avoiding him was not something he could do forever and should not do if he considered himself an adult. Tony was fully aware he was attracted to Steve, but that was all. The fantasy could not continue when he dragged Steve into it.
Morgan's face of surprise and satisfaction could not be greater. She hugged him tightly and ran to where Steve was in the yard playing with Johnny. Tony watched as Morgan said Steve name while she ran between the people. When Steve turned to see her, she extended her arms. Steve took her in his arms and spun her in the air. Morgan hugged him, kissed him on the cheek and Tony watched as Steve closed his eyes. His life was wonderful, he thought pleased.
Time had stopped on that fateful day, and everything there was a photograph that accurately portrayed emptiness and loss. Tony dared to take one more step and walked through the living room. Maybe it was better to go to the lab, he told himself, there he could take something useful. He went down to the lab and noticed how time had stopped there too. The air felt heavy, and every object in the lab seemed to claim to the living that they were left alone. Memories came to him without he giving them permission to interrupt him. The images of Pepper were erupting in his mind, and he could distinguish the places where she had been with him. He could see her as an ethereal ghost that laughed, talked, moved her body, touched him, but that also vanished in the mist. He could not take anything from there.
The honeymoon followed by Italy, France and Spain. Since they were together, Tony had insisted Steve had all the vacations he had not had in his life. During those years, they had traveled all over the world, touring places Steve believed could only exist in the imagination of some painter. The memories of each moment lived with Tony fed the beating of his heart. He could recognize they were happy.
"A kiss," Tony said out of breath. "It will always be more than a kiss," and he kissed Steve again bringing him closer.
in the kitchen. They ate casually, talked about Tony's and Rhodey's suits, and then had coffee. Tony proposed him they go to the town fair. Since yesterday they only had passed by, so today they could visit it properly.
“I fought thinking about her. I fought trying to save a world that didn't know what was happening and yet it wasn't enough. Pepper, Happy, Peter..." Tony's hurt voice resonated in the silence darkening sky while naming the people he loved, his family.
"Yes, thankfully. We didn't want to miss the end of the year with everyone," Steve said to him with a smile.
"Fuck, then tell me what it is? You said you trusted me, but still questioning what I did. Doesn't seem like it!" Tony said annoyed.
. But he knew he should not let that thought come around. Later in the morning, they would finally have to meet. Tony and Bruce were going to test the portal. They built the machine in one hangar of Tony's depots. However, they were going to meet first in one of the offices to discuss the plan with the whole team. After days without seeing him, he was trying to run out all the anxiety he had never felt before in his life.
"Wong and the other sorcerers, people from Wakanda. I think they are sorcerers too, have also came. Even we are trying our best to find a solution, but neither of us haven't found it yet." Rhodey spoke, and Tony could see the concern in his eyes.
Once more in Tony's features the confusion was drawn. «But it seemed…» His mind was running again through all that had been said. Then he realized he assumed the possibility without a doubt, and evidently,
"I agree, but there will be no containment if this area falls, Cap. And that is worrying enough," said Tony, looking at the screen with concentration.
A few minutes later, they were hugging looking at each other. Tony could feel Steve's soft caresses on his back, while he caressed his face.
«Yes, it is a severe burned. But he will be fine soon enough to celebrate what he has done for all us,» the nurse said looking at him with admiration. «He is having the best treatment. We all are sure of that,» she looked at Steve with a sweet smile.
Steve's words took him out of his reverie, and Tony took off his clothes and went into the lake. The water was very refreshing, not too cold or too hot, perfect for cooling. Tony took some dives and then approached Steve who was with a big smile from ear to ear. Steve looked genuinely happy, and Tony couldn't help smiling with the same satisfaction. He moved a little closer and Steve was already wrapping him with his arms. They kissed, and Tony wrapped his legs around Steve. This time the kisses were slow, brief, intimate. Kisses in which their lips delighted in the presence of the other. When they stopped kissing, Tony caressed his face and with his thumb gently stroked those reddened lips. Steve closed his eyes for a moment, and Tony could understand the intensity of what Steve was feeling. He could feel it too. He didn't know how they got to that moment, but he knew he should be there with Steve.
Tony woke up. He had fallen asleep in his lab chair. It was dark outside, maybe it was time for dinner, he thought. The night before he had been unable to sleep. The fatigue seized him, and he did not know when he had fallen asleep in the chair. Tony felt more rested at least, apparently he had been able to sleep for a couple of hours even when a new nightmare woke him up. Lately, he did not dream of Pepper's disappearance, which was already quite cruel. But he dreamed of the life they could have had, and that even seemed to be worse. Time, had said Bruce,
him, knew him even in his weaknesses. He recognized the worst version of himself, and yet he was there telling him he wanted to help him.
, he thought. "Let's go to the room," he said and took Steve's hand to take him to the room. When they entered Tony's room, he put himself in front of Steve and began to open Steve's jeans. Steve took a deep breath when Tony lowered his jeans and got on his knees to remove them altogether with his shoes. Tony admired and his mouth watered before Steve's cock curved up towards his stomach. But he wanted to do something else for Steve, "I need you to lie in bed," he said.
"What is happening, why doesn't he wake up?" Thor asked seeing how Bruce's entire body was still turning green but Bruce didn't wake up.
Steve was kissing him, and Tony welcomed his lips with the same passion as the first time their breaths joined in one. They were completely soaked in the rain. But nothing stopped them from surrendering all emotion, feelings, and yearning into that kiss. Steve missed those lips, that body, those hands that caressed him. Tony's breath became his and embraced his soul. If time did not exist. If it had not past, nor future. Then would only exists that moment in which both surrendered again to the other.
. “I do not know,” he heard himself said. “Yours are impossible love Steve, always ready to defend the world, to fight. Why don't you try it again with Shannon? It was going well before.” Tony sighed smiling. “You must be very bored to want to talk about this, Nat.” At that moment, Natasha phone rang. “And speaking of the devil.” Tony saw Natasha write something in her phone, and he felt a vibration in his pocket too. He took the phone and read his own message of the day Wong appeared on his lab. Tony wanted that to end, he needed to return home and to
Steve approached and was in front of him very closely "Why couldn't I stay there?" He said with an intense stare at Tony while the rain was wetting them. "Why can't I have my chance too? Why do I have to stay?" he said breathing hard.
"I came because I..." Steve started talking and couldn't finish because Tony had approached him so quickly to hug him.
Steve did not go to the past very far. Just a few months ago. The day of his birthday. Bucky would surely make fun of him and call him sentimental. Maybe he was. Steve was outside the cabin and could hear the music playing from the porch. He closed his eyes leaning on the wooden wall and remembered that moment as he listened to the melody.
"I take them. Nat went to the depots," Rhodey replied, and both took the civilians and Shannon as fast as they could.
told him. So, he could not be selfish, and about all, irresponsible with an entire world to whom he claimed was going to protect.
