Sometimes, when it gets quiet like this, Dean gets nervous, like Cas’ll just up and leave. He wants to fill the quiet with something to make Cas stay, but he doesn’t know what to say, so he does the next best thing and reaches for some songs Cas hasn’t heard before. Cas is quiet as the opening chords play out of Dean’s speakers, but Dean is sure that he’s paying attention.
Of all the things Dean was bracing to be asked, that wasn’t it. “Can you—I’m sorry, did you just ask if you could
So they’d walked into the church together. It was fairly unassuming, not so different, architecturally, from many of the other buildings Cas had now been inside, homes and warehouses and gas stations seventy miles from nowhere. But the space felt different. Cared for, and differently than a home. There was a vacancy to it that homes didn’t have, the space between the dark wooden pews and the wooden rafters of the ceiling opening up above him like the fields of back roads highways. It was an absence that promised something more, the empty space of the church invoking an ache like you got on the road because you knew it had only been built on the way to something more.
Cas shakes his head. “Because Jesus loved him. The Bible makes no mention of his character, and I never met the man, so I can’t speak to it. The only thing the Bible tells is that Jesus loved him. That’s why he got brought back. That’s why…”
“No telling,” Cas replies.
“Well,” Sam says. “All the more reason to pick a song and decide it’s morning sometime, then.” There’s a pause. “Anyway, I gotta get back to Dean. He thinks I’m doing research. No telling, okay?”
“It’s not
. Okay, sure, it wasn’t like he gave up all music that year. He wanted to raise Ben right, and part of that meant ensuring he had a thorough introduction to Zeppelin. But he didn’t bring out his old tapes for that. He bought their first four albums on CD, new, for Ben. And something about seeing the album covers right out of the plastic, their booklets not dog-eared and plastic casing not cracked—something about hearing the songs without the slight wine of worn-down plastic—made it just removed enough from his old life to make it bearable.
She laughs. “I don’t listen to them.”
energy into one word as possible.
He wonders if Cas ever heard this song. Probably not. Dean never played it for him, and Cas never seemed to hear music any other way.
And it all worked, for a while. As well as it could. Dean got a job, got up in the morning and drank orange juice and ate bacon; he rumpled Ben’s hair, and kissed Lisa goodbye, and went to work. He came home in the evening and sat on the couch with his arm around his girlfriend, and he thought:
“Yeah. Like, crack an egg on your head, let the yolk drip down—“
And yet. He feels it, still. Like something’s out there in the dark, after him, something that’ll catch up to him and stop him from getting back before the sun comes up. Even more, it’s not Lisa that he worries about getting back to, when he’s out driving. Most nights, it takes everything in him to turn around, start back toward where he lives now. No, the person he thinks of when listening to the tape is Cas.
Dean’s used to being on the other side of this, of knowing what’s going on when others don’t. He’s used to being the one saying, “The stories are true”—or, more often, to not saying anything at all, to trying to save people and hoping they won’t notice.
Dean has got this idea, in his head, that he hasn’t told anybody, and can barely admit to himself, but he can’t quite seem to shake it either. It’s this feeling like maybe if he just drives around long enough, Cas will come back to him. Cas wouldn’t recognize Dean’s house, doesn’t know Dean’s family, might not even recognize Dean—but this car is just as it was before, all those times Cas appeared and disappeared out of it, windshield still broken like it was in Chicago. Cas wouldn’t even have to stay. There’d be that understanding, same as they always had—Dean would be in his car, on the way to somewhere else, and so Cas could go when he wanted, and that would be alright. Dean would have somewhere else to be as well.
“Got it. Thanks, Dean”, Claire grabbed Ben by the wrist and dragging him from the table, even though Ben still had half of his egg left. Dean opened his mouth to warn him, but why bother? He simply tossed the untouched half on his own plate and dived right in.
"What?" The answer was a low and muffled sound coming from the garage.
“I said I’m fine, man” Dean cut him in a low, deep tone, which probably sounded angrier than he actually felt. He let out a tired sigh. “Let’s just… keep moving, ok? If there was a group this big here, there are probably more nearby. Especially now that you’re back with us.”
“You drove me through the fire. Please tell me you know”. Benny ignored him and kept moving forward.
Also, I know this story has been kind of slow plotwise, but I promise next week's chapter will contain more action (and a bit more of Destiel's backstory, so stay tuned).
Before Dean could say anything, Cas turned to him and placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder. The exact spot where he had left a mark on Dean’s skin all those years ago when he pulled him from hell. Dean couldn’t feel the scar anymore, but it was still there. He wondered if Cas knew that, and if he did if he had placed his hand there on purpose or not.
Dean didn't skip a bit.
“He looks a bit young for a fake FBI agent, don’t you think?”
“Claire, I told you I’m fine already”, he clenched his teeth. This was getting ridiculous. Ben had spent countless nights in crappy motels after a hunt over the past couple of years and Claire was blowing this whole thing way out of proportion. “It’s not like….”
true, hypothetically, at least. Not only because following Dean around was all he was good at while he was on earth, but also because watching Dean happy, watching him enjoying himself, was something that he
He tried not to think about how Dean reacted to their last moments together. Part of him was relieved he didn't have time to answer Castiel's declaration. What if didn't reciprocate? What if he was angry? What if right now Dean was trying to forget Castiel ever said anything? He couldn't take that. So maybe no answer was better than a bad answer, he convinced himself.
“Jack, buddy? You do know we only needed one copy, right? Not the complete works of Agatha Christie”.
than Dean claimed. The rage in the hunter’s voice, while they searched for the angel, gave that impression. He still had his suspicions but wouldn’t look too deep into it. It was their story, and he was not a part of it. Although he couldn’t deny this dynamic made him curious. It was deeper than simple familiarity or intimacy. The way Cas’s presence relaxed Dean felt almost unnatural as if their bond had somehow been forged by something deeper than cohabitation. Benny almost felt jealous. Almost.
Dean didn’t answer that. He didn’t even want to
Ben hesitated. Yes, he really,
“Cas?”
of sarcasm).
Sam had never seen Jack angry before, at least not this angry. There was sorrow mixed with his anger, something that sounded like a feeling of impotence, which was ironic since he was God now. But looking at him, Sam could understand where it was coming from.
“Was she your friend?”
Dean thought to himself.
probably alright.  He was a very smart man, he wasn’t impulsive, like Dean. After Dean, Cas trusted Sam as he would never trust another soul.
Dean’s arms elanced him, pressing their bodies close together.
“I need fire”, Castiel asked. Ben was surprised by that. He always thought angels could simply make fire out of nothing. But then again, he didn’t know any angels so that was just a wild guess. And Castiel seemed kind of powered down, for some reason. Recovering from something, maybe?
“Your life is outside”, he said, in an effort to get back on track and say what he wanted to say. “You can work out the hard parts with time. With help. But
, of course), but on the other hand, was a
“I’ve asked it once and I’ll ask it again” Benny pointed vaguely at the angel “That’s the crazy aunt we are taking on the road with us?”
she thought. She hadn’t seen the younger Winchester since they got back to the bunker, and presumed he was at the library dealing with the vampire case. But when she surprised Dean and Cas there (yep. Not ready to think about that just yet), she was pretty sure she hadn’t seen Sam there.
“The angel didn’t walk away, brother” Benny had a feeling this wouldn’t help, but he kept talking, trying to mimic the way horse trainers talked to their stirred-up animals. “he’s com…
“How are you on research?” Sam shrugged, looking tired.
go there.
?” Benny was looking at them with a mixture of astonishment and amusement.
He cleared his throat, glad that Ben was too distracted by Baby to notice that he had disconnected for a minute.
“I have no idea. If you haven’t realized, I’m kind of new to the hunter world too”, she admitted, sounding genuinely angry about her lack of experience. “And Jody and the other girls? Not exactly hunter royalty either. We’re all first-generation back at Sioux Falls”.
“We have two options”, Cas told him. “But I don’t think you’re going to like either of them”.
“God, I forgot how good this feels” he mumbled, sounding ridiculously pleased.
“And I when he can’t suppress anymore…”
Sam’s head snapped up. He had a stunned look on his face as if Ben had just dropped a bucket of cold water on his head. He tried to suppress it almost immediately but didn’t really succeed at it. “What did you say?”
“Smart choice, buddy”.
“He almost destroyed the kitchen”, Dean finished, with an annoyed frown. “And somehow managed to run out of baking powder, even though we had a month’s worth of stock”
“Don’t talk like you do”, Dean reprehended him.
Ben’s room. Under different circumstances, she would have put on some resistance to that, but she wasn’t in the mood to argue with him or Cas and decided to spare all of them the awkwardness of that confrontation. So, she left and locked herself in her room, the same one she always occupied when she was at the bunker. The one where she kept a spare toothbrush and some old flannels. Claire wasn’t sure when exactly that had become ‘her room at the bunker’, but it had.
Dean woke up to an empty bed. Which, yeah. Kind of sucked. The worst part was that it didn’t use to. He spent years waking up to an empty bed. Sure, there had been a couple of months with Cassie (the irony wasn’t lost to him), the year with Lisa, and a few one-night stands that managed to last until after breakfast. Other than that, Dean spent most of his adult life waking up by himself. And now just ten months of Cas had apparently ruined him for life. Great. Just great.
“And who’s fault is that?”
“Cut the crap, Cas” Dean said, abrasively. “I’ve told you that: you thought you were doing the right thing. Did you screw up? Big time. But which of us hasn’t?”
“I would like that”, Cas mumbled, looking sadly at his own clothes. “It seems I’ve gotten unaccustomed to formal wear in the morning”.
"You were afraid of how I would react?" He sounded hurt as if that hadn't occurred to him until that moment.
“Do you still have it?”, She asked Dean, while Ben caught the still warm object with his good hand.
“One does not spend decades in this place without making a few friends along the way”.
“He passed away a few months before you were born”, Dean replied, trying to get back on track. He regretted his choice of words the moment he saw Ben’s jaw drop again.
Claire opened the door and climbed out of the car, but not before muttering: “That’s exactly what I’m afraid of”, just loud enough for him to hear it. Then she slammed the door so hard he cringed at the possible damage done to the car. Ben opened it only a few seconds later, uncertainly seating himself beside Dean. He looked up at the hunter awkwardly, clearly caught off guard by the turn of events. Dean could see that being left alone with him was not a part of Ben’s plans either.
“I put him to sleep” the question snapped him out of whatever distant mental place he was at, and Castiel gently laid Dean’s head back to the ground. “The wound is closed, but his mind is still a mess.”
Damn angel!
would bring me pain”, Dean retorted. He let out a deep breath. “Which is why I have to convince him to drop this whole hunting thing while I still have the chance. And while I do that, you help Sam with the vamp case. And then, you talk to Claire. Piece of cake. We’ll have no problems left by sundown”.
“Cas, damn it!” Dean stretched his arm towards Cas. He tried to get out of the portal, but his feet were already being sucked by some invisible force within it. It was like being inside a river with a violent current. There was no fighting it. “Come on!” He stretched even further and felt when Cas’s hand met his. Dean held it as tight as he possibly could. “I got you! Hold on!
“And the children always disappeared for a period of time?” Ben skimmed through the rest of the papers.
However harsh, he seemed to hit the mark, and Cas diverted his gaze, looking embarrassed. He didn’t step back, which meant they were still ridiculously close to each other (but hey, what else is new), but he did lower his arm from Dean’s chest, letting it fall heavily, his fingers tangling themselves gently on the waist of Dean’s pants. It wasn’t a sexual gesture in the slightest, he was just holding onto something, for comfort.
“Your mother’s lighter”, she clarified.
“Actually, he can fly”, Cas, being the son of a bitch Dean always knew he could be, corrected him. “There’s a difference”.
Huge thanks to Tess1978, who picked up this work halfway through as beta and has been helping me make it a little better.
“You earned it”, Dean assured him. Because it was true. Benny had earned every last bit of his trust. The vampire had put his own safety in jeopardy to protect Dean countless times over the past year. He had killed his own kind, he fought beside Dean and, most important of all, he had trusted Dean through every single step of the way. Yeah, Benny had earned his ride.
last year?”
“So spoiled”, the angel whispered, with a smile,  resuming the slow circles through Dean’s hair. The hunter’s body relaxed immediately, and Dean made a satisfied sound.
“It’s ok, Jack”, he said, throwing Dean one last annoyed glance before continuing. “Human machinery can be intimidating at times”.
“I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced”, he said, when Ben let go of his hand. “I’m Castiel”. Ben decided to skip over the part where this was possibly the strangest name he’d ever heard and jump right to the question that actually mattered.
“Delicate subject?” he asked, slightly amused.
“That’s why I didn’t think it was the same nest at first”, Sam explained, pressing his eyes to alleviate a headache. He looked exhausted. “But the M.O. is too similar”.
Claire’s face crinkled in faint confusion as she took the small object on her hands. As recognition sunk in, her eyes narrowed. He watched closely as she examined the beating marks and the initials on the bottom, turning the lighter between her fingers carefully.
He opened his door before she could say anything and climbed out, raising his head over the car roof and waving at the two boys on the other side of the road.
"Tell him we miss him," Sam said.
“Wait,
“Do you think it will take much longer for him to be clean?”, Benny whispered to the angel. He spoke in such a low voice someone five feet away would have tumble hearing, but Castiel would have heard it from a mile away. The angel answered in an equally low whisper. It wasn’t a conversation meant for human ears.
“I don’t drink” Benny and Cas answered simultaneously, which led to a moment of awkward silence, eventually broken by Castiel:
Benny and Dean quickly adapted to this new rhythm. It was non-stop, but they seem to thrive in it. The more frenetic it got, the better they fought. Castiel didn’t want to admit it, but there was a part of him that was jealous. He had gotten used to Dean and Sam sharing this “mirror” dynamic while fighting, reflecting each other’s movements without any need for words. He liked to think that he and Dean shared that as well, to a certain degree. It was less symbiotic, but they had a rhythm of their own, they balanced each other and trusted each other while in a fight. They always had.
“Not one bit”, he assured Ben, and the boy realized that he believed him, for some reason. He turned his face back to Dean, who was still staring at him.
Feel free to comment on anything you like or don't like about the fic. It's always a pleasure to read everybody's comments.
, Cas wanted to point out. Instead, he just sighed. He didn’t want to argue over this.
Benny opened his mouth to answer, but before he could say anything, Castiel’s expression changed, going from soft to alert in a second. He assumed a defensive position and drew his silver blade from his sleeve. Benny hadn’t heard a thing, but he knew that look. He had seen it more times than he would have wished for over the last few months. Leviathan.
. He asked. Sam exhaled, looking patiently at his brother.
enjoying a perfectly normal childhood, I might add. You don’t have to protect him from you anymore”.
“Unless you drink the whole liquor store” Dean added.
“The twins?” Sam was already dialing someone and didn’t answer. Max and Alicia had contacted Ben a few weeks after Asa’s passing. He got the feeling they didn’t like him very much, which was only natural, given the fact that Asa had spent more time around Ben over the last two years of his life than he ever did for his own children. Of course, that didn't help him to get notified of Asa’s death until a week after the burial. But he tried not to be too bitter about that.
. So you guys will just have to watch me while I do it and we’ll call that a celebration. What do you say?”
”, Ben raised his tone a little, but he sounded more hurt than angry. “Why the Hell do you care?”
“Well, I actually
CW: very brief mentions of internalized homophobia (past actions).
“You can never be too friendly with your boss” Benny grimed, thinking back on his time under Julietta. “I met her before… well, before we were both dead, actually. She was sired by the same vampire as me”.
“I lie, I don’t get lied to”, Benny retorted, without turning back at them. “Aren’t you guys all about faith?”
“Drive where?”, he asked, after a very long, very awkward moment of silence. Dean opened his mouth to answer that it didn’t really matter, but then he thought better about that. Looking at Ben in the driver's seat,  a memory crossed his mind. Ben at age eleven, sitting at exactly that same seat and playing with the wheel of the Impala, telling Dean about all the maneuvers he was going to do once he got his driver’s license. Apparently, one of his friends had just introduced him to the Fast and Furious franchise (in secret, obviously, since Lisa was weirdly strict about the PG-13 thing). Despite himself, Dean smiled at the boy.
“I’m fine, Jack”, Dean growled, impatiently.
“Anytime”, he told her.
“It isn’t.”
“Sure. Why not?” He picked up a frying pan, some milk, and a spatula and positioned himself by the oven. His usual choice of spices was already at arm’s reach. “Ben? You want some?”. The sense of Déjà vu that took over him at the moment was enough to make him cringe.
“Don’t bullshit me right now, Cas”, Dean told him harshly, lifting his head to face the angel. His expression was hard, but Cas could see the pain in his eyes. If he could, he would take every single ounce of it away.
“He’s over the…”
“Maybe I should ask Cas…”, she finally said. Ben scoffed, astounded by that suggestion. Claire seemed surprised by the harsh reaction.
she’d texted him.
. He and Sam had dealt with their fair share of weird over the years, but this was definitely new.
Otherwise... otherwise what was the point of getting out of Purgatory in the first place? His life was here. This was real. Sam was real and Cas? Cas was gone. Dean took a deep breath and moved forward. It was going to be a very, very long walk to Whitefish, Montana. And if he wanted to make it, he couldn't carry Cas's weight with him.
Sam approached Ben and patted his shoulder. “Come on”, he indicated the hallway Dean and Castiel had come through with a nod. “I’ll show you the guestroom and get you some towels. Sounds good?”
”, followed by the beep. Of course, Claire had texted, but also no reply there.
“Ok”, he finally managed to say. “I think I can take a nap before heading out.” Dean seemed to relax slightly at the sound of that.
he’d asked, to which Ben shook his head. He was still very small back then, and Dean remembered being reminded of Sam for some reason. Small and curious. That was all it took to break him. ‘
“What is Alicia sending you?”, Dean inquired, with a threatening gaze. His voice was so cold it made Ben shiver. Once again, he had the feeling there was a second, silent conversation taking place between the two brothers.
It was a fleeting thought and it was gone almost as fast as it had been formed. There were too many crimes hanging over his head. He didn’t deserve an easy way out like that. Especially one that would bring him so much happiness.
“Yes, Dean”, he said, obediently. “I believe I am”.
“If by incentive you mean any good-looking bartender”, she said. Sam, who had remained silent through most of the meal due to another all-nigher, scoffed.
Ben scoffed, finally turning the ignition back on and starting to move. The steady sound of the Impala noticeably pleased him.
he wanted to say
“Oh, yeah?” Claire raised her eyebrows at him. “Because I’ve known you for almost three years now and you dropped more things in the past twelve hours than during the entirety of that time.” She was worried, he could tell. But Claire had the terrible habit of hiding fear behind a mask of sarcasm and defensiveness, which was something he could relate to. “Are you planning on dropping anything else anytime soon? Just let me know so I’m not standing next to you when you’re holding, I don’t know,
“Yeah, and why is that anyway?”, she snapped at him. Kaia nudged her on the shoulder and gave her a reprimanding look. Sam didn’t seem bothered by it. He gently turned Ben’s arm on his hand so he could take a better look at his work under proper lighting, then moistened a piece of gauze in antiseptic and cleaned the wound again. Ben bit his lip to stop himself from shrieking due to the burning sensation.
“So to talk to God, it’s just a candle?” Cas said as they made their way into the dirt parking lot behind the church and Sam stopped, the impala nowhere in sight. Dean must have it. Had he dropped Sam off? Or had Sam walked here alone, in secret?
Still, there are things he can’t talk about with Dean. Not really. Dean tells him he understands—that he gets it—about Cas’ father, and Cas thinks maybe he does. But there are secrets Dean is keeping about that, things Cas knows he doesn’t know. He doesn’t fault Dean for it, but he’s careful about what he says about his own father, about the extent to which he lets his need for Him show. He wants to talk to Dean, but he can’t, and he wants to talk to Sam, but he can’t, and he wants to talk to his father and the other angels and the man on the street, but—there is something in him right now like a secret that needs keeping. So he goes to church instead.
“Do you mind if I come with you?” Cas asked. Sam looked surprised by the question, which was, Cas had to admit, fair. Cas himself hadn’t really expected to ask it, but he wanted to see it, one of the earthly houses of his father. He wanted to see the ritual. He was, more and more often in his time on earth, curious.
, Cas thought.
He keeps going. “That was the hardest part. About after you pulled me out. The fact that I was still human. All that killing, all that torture, down in hell, where there was no more defense that it was
He leaves, but he always comes back. Only he can’t
anything, anything other than senseless violence… That was me that did that. Not some demon. I don’t… Cas, I still don’t know why you pulled me out.”
There’s a silence, but Cas keeps his hand on Dean.
“He read something about how the shit they put on candy to make it sour dissolves your teeth, and he’s all paranoid about me not having been to a dentist since I was eight, and he keeps getting after me about eating these. But they’re too good, man. The blue and red ones? That shit is primo.”
At this point, Sam interjects, doing that little half-mutter of his, as if he doesn’t want Cas to hear him. “Will you stop?”
Why did he save Dean? There’s no reason, really. That’s the thing. It doesn’t fit into any story Cas can tell Dean.
“It suppose it depends.”
“Not always,” Cas affirms. “It’s—those blessings were given with explicit instruction from the Lord. But it is within my power to bless even without such instruction. I am of the Lord’s glory and power, and it resides in me at all moments. I’m somewhat of a—a conduit, I suppose. But when he does not choose to look upon, to speak to me, before a particular blessing is given, it’s harder to say what the blessing will lead to.”
“What does it ‘do’?” Cas repeats, turning his head to one side. He almost, if Dean is being honest, reminds him of Jason from the
“A music player,” she says, rolling her eyes. “What’s your deal, anyway? You really haven’t ever seen one before?”
At the end of the movie, after the man was well and fully alive again, his daughter had said,
“But it must—“ Sam interjects. “In the Bible, angels show up, they bless someone, and—bam!—they’ve got a kid at 103, or whatever.”
“Right,” Cas had said. “Of course.”
“What’s an eye pod?” Cas asks.
“If there wasn’t a job?” Dean pauses. “There’s always gonna be another job.”
. How hard it is to make people realize that, while the stories they’ve heard, and their newly-revealed realities, may be terrifying as shit, Dean’s not going to hurt them. He’s there to help.
“Depends? Depends on what?”
is not the word for it, but he doesn’t know what else to say to this teenage girl on the bus that won’t threaten to break him apart.
“What?”
“I mean, may I listen?”
When he speaks to angels, it isn’t so much that he gets an answer back as he knows what it is they know in an instant, or at least what they want him to know, but either way, there is no distance and there is no waiting. It’s distance, he realizes, that’s the joy and frustration of human conversation all at once. It’s in the waiting that something is built, the foundation of a relationship whose eventual architecture still feels unknown to him. It’s like a secret—something held back is, in its odd way, the promise of a future to come. With angels, the conversation is all at once and then it’s done, no need to unspool time when everything can be communicated in an instant, in a thought, with no distance or hesitation or delay. With humans, there’s that choice. The moment it could go either way, when he’s in the car and you ask him a question and you wait to hear the answer; when the sign says
“Well, you might like it,” Sam says. “You get the same gas station snack or say the same thing every time you cross a state line or wake up to the same song every morning—there’s something comforting in it. Like lighting the candle.”
Because this had been his secret hope for so long, hadn’t it? The house, and the girlfriend, and the kid. Dean hadn’t wanted to admit it to himself, but the longing for it must have shown through anyway, because what had Sam said? He’d made Dean promise to settle down, if he—after he—
“Hope to die?”
That had been true, hadn’t it? Dean had died, and Sam had died, and Cas had been snapped out of existence, but they had all come back, clawed their way up out of the grave or woken with a start like it was nothing more than a bad dream. So was it really so crazy to—but he didn’t let himself think that.
“Do you think I’m good, Dean?” Cas says.
, in you, as compared to in me. But a blessing—I’ve noticed, in my time, that the blessing reacts to the Lord as he is in both parties. They don’t go just one way. It has to be received as well as given, after all. It’s participatory. I can’t deny—you are marked, Dean, and it would be—I’m curious, what it would be to touch your forehead and speak a blessing. It is meant, foremost, as a gift to you, although I can’t say quite what it will mean yet. But to put it—how do I say this in terms amenable to you?” Cas thinks a minute, then adds, “It would be something to take with you into danger.”
movies, sometimes. Which is part of why he’s not exactly eager for the laying on of hands, or whatever.
It had been Sam who’d first really introduced Cas to the concept of ritual in the human sense. Right before Dean and Sam started fighting and went their separate ways, Cas had stopped in to ask Dean and Sam a question. He’d reached out for Sam’s essence, assuming that Dean and Sam, wherever they were, would be together. There was something about Dean—sometimes, Cas was too scared to reach out for Dean, precisely
by Bruce Springsteen, and plays it for Cas for the first time ever. He doesn’t make a show of it, doesn’t let Cas know that this is an album that Dean particularly wants to share with him. But Cas seems to know. It’s nearly 1 am, and they’ve been driving down an un-illuminated stretch of Iowa highway for hours. They’re far enough out from McCall, Idaho that the urgency of the upcoming job hasn’t yet set in, and they’ve been on the road long enough to have exhausted conversation for the time being.
, she sings, and then a slowly pulsing beat starts up, a bass drum like a heartbeat. The song is quite the far cry from any of what Dean listens to, not just musically, but lyrically. If Dean’s music is one thing, it’s decisive. The singers want to get a woman into bed or out of their life, but either way, they’re committed to the emotion, going full throttle to declare the single line of pure positive or negative emotion that they’re feeling.
. But Dean thinks it’s the opposite for him. The music transports him to nowhere, and he tries to stay there as long as he can. Because the instant he stops, the instant he gets where he’s going, that’s when whatever it is that’s chasing him—whatever it is that’s been bothering him his whole life—that’s when it catches up.
“I know,” Cas says. “I’ll stay. I’d stay. Either way.”
During most movies, Dean had the tendency to talk almost the whole time, half out of a need to sort of translate for Cas the intricacies of the human interactions that were taking place on screen, half to offer his general commentary on the way things were going. But this time, he hadn’t said much, except at the very beginning of the movie.
“Try me,” Dean says, biting mad.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas says then, and Dean nearly jumps out of his skin, having forgotten that part of the blessing was going to be said out loud. “Dean Winchester, I bless you in the name of the Lord.”
, though… it’s stripped down, or, seeing as it came first, maybe it’s just that it isn’t as built up yet. Mostly just acoustic guitar and Bruce’s voice. In many ways, it’s more confessional, but the fact that Bruce lays it all out makes it feel, somehow, more safe to listen to. There’s enough songs about highwaymen on the run from the law and men fixing up their cars that it allows those moments when he does bare his soul to somehow fit into that same masculine project. That allows Dean to listen.
Maybe it isn’t the kind of song Dean would normally like, but that’s almost better, in a way. Because it means that if he sat and listened to it, what he’d really be saying isn’t,
Dean hears that, and he sings it under his breath, and he adds,
. He wants Cas in the car beside him, and he wants this song playing. He wants to have to explain to Cas what the New Jersey Turnpike is, and about driver’s licenses, and what a talk show is. And maybe, if he lays out all those little details of human-ness within the song, maybe he can get Cas to understand everything that’s in there beneath that, not the--well, Cas couldn’t understand the emotion, but--
After Dean saved the world and everyone he loved was either dead or missing, he used to take the impala out late at night just to listen to tapes he didn’t want to put on around Lisa. He was pretty sure she knew he was sneaking out, but she never said anything to him about it; the fact that he came home safe every time, no broken bones or blood-covered clothes, seemed to make her willing to let it slide. When Dean had first pulled the impala into the garage, Lisa had noticed the box of tapes sitting in the front seat. “You know,” she told Dean, “I think I have an old cassette player around here somewhere. You want me to see if I can dig it up?”
“It’s not a spell,” Cas says.
It was Dean who had taught Cas about secrets. Angels didn’t have them, or, at least, Cas hadn’t thought they had until recently. Dean had called their form of communication “angel radio,” and, if that was true, then angels weren’t really operating the dials so much as they were the transistors themselves, conduits for the word. It hadn’t felt, until recently, like Cas had a choice to hold things back, to consider what it was he wanted to say.
“But it didn’t die. It just opened its eyes again and again, every time I tried to put it down for good, until I woke up. And it feels like it’s still there in me, still trying to claw its way back out. My dad died, but he comes back every time I get in the car and pick up my gun. But I can’t kill it, you know, I can’t kill that part of me and walk away, because I don’t know how else to save anyone. That’s the only way I can make up for it, you know? Everything I did, those forty years in hell… that’s the only thing I can think to do is try and send as many monsters back down there as I can, keep people alive and away from all that. And I’ll do that as long as I can, until I die for good this time, and I go right back to where you pulled me out from, Cas. All I have is a dark fucking highway and his sins which he can’t make up for, now, because he’s dead, and if he can’t make up for his, then I can’t make up for… for mine, and I don’t… I don’t know why you pulled me out.”
“That was a—oh, forget it. Alright.”
“Nah,” Dean said. “Most of these have been played so many times they’re junk anyway.” What he meant is,
“What?” Dean says. The question seems to surprise him so much his hands shake a little less, which is good.
This time, Dean steps forward before Cas even has his hand out. And then there they are again, palm to forehead. It’s hard for Dean to not feel a little ridiculous. He thinks maybe his forehead really is a little hot. But then Cas is speaking.
“Really?” he says, perking up. “Where would I buy one?”
“Not prayer, and not to solve anything, just—you should light a candle sometime, or something. If you’re gonna walk around in that human body, you might try out what it is that makes us human.”
“We’ve got a real, live—“
For a minute longer, Cas stays quiet. Dean doesn’t talk like this. He doesn’t tell Cas when things are bad. Cas visits him in dreams, sometimes, but Dean doesn’t let Cas in on much of what’s going on in his head otherwise.
When Sam had told him about ritual, Cas had imagined it as easier. Do something enough times, and it becomes rote, no thought, just action. But that’s not quite it. Not for him. Even as the payphone booth becomes as familiar to him as churches must be to Sam—each one the same, and each one different, each one filling up a particular space by the side of the road in the way no other structure can quite fill—even as they become familiar, the feeling doesn’t settle. It doesn’t go away. There is the catch in his throat as he drops the last of his quarters into a payphone in Cresco, Iowa at night as it’s getting cold. There is his breath against the glass as he waits for Dean to answer, as he listens to the phone ring and he hopes he will pick up. Usually, Dean picks up. Sometimes, he doesn’t. What was it Sam had said?
“I wouldn’t say I’m alive,” Cas interjects.
Dean has never had to wait to call before. Not with angels. Not with humans. Not until he, of his own volition, gave Dean just what he needed to hide from him, written so that no one can see it if they don’t already know, somewhere underneath the skin. There like the handprint, like a promise.
“It doesn’t—a blessing is not quantifiable in those terms. Its effects are not something easily measured.”
“I… I’d want you to stay,” Dean says.
“Um, mostly, like, Taylor Swift and stuff. I don’t think you would like her stuff, if you like Led Zeppelin.”
Dean teaches Cas about payphones, and Cas starts to see quarters everywhere. He learns to tell the difference between them and dimes, to spot them on the street yards away. Because Dean and Bobby try their best to keep him stocked up, but sometimes they forget to hand him a roll on his visits, and sometimes Cas is afraid to ask for them, even when he remembers. There is something dangerous about quarters, about the power they hold. About the way he counts them in his pocket as he walks around, thinks to himself exactly how many minutes with Dean he could get for a dollar fifty, for two dollars. He makes deals with himself.
He goes into church and slides in the back row, a pew next to the side altar with the candles. Something familiar. He thinks maybe he understands a piece of that more, now. But the candles are about all that he recognizes. He’s never been in a church so full of people, before, and he doesn’t know when to kneel, and when to rise, and when to cross his hand over his heart, although he does his best to do as they do, the others around him.
to a person, a sort of soft glow, a kindness around the eyes. Cas rode city buses, and he waited to catch a glimpse of it in someone.
Still, no matter how far a cry it was from what Sam had termed “cock rock,” it still always made him think of Dean. Dean, fiddling with the dials in the impala, insisting that Cas listen as he turned up a song. Sticking a fingernail into the wheel of a cassette and carefully rewinding it after the thin black tape had gotten unspooled. Dean, silent in the driver’s seat beside him, but sharing something Cas wanted to listen to nonetheless.
“Don’t make me change my mind. How do we do this thing?”
“And is the devil ever at your heels? In those dreams?” Cas asks, mirroring the lyrics of the song back to Dean. He’s learned how to do this more and more, as he’s known Dean. How to take a story and fold it back into the fabric of their reality, make it a part of the living they’re doing right then and there. He didn’t understand it, at first—stories. When he first came to earth, and heard their songs, and watched their movies, and read their books—stories seemed these distant objects, like a knickknack sitting on someone’s window sill, something to be picked up, and inspected, then put back down. They were self-contained curiosities, nothing more.
Then there is a roar rising up out of the speakers--Dean can’t tell if it’s the religious-radio equivalent of canned laughter, just the fabrication of a reverent crowd, or if they’re really out there somewhere, all these good folks at 3 am, moved to cry out by this declaration of love. Either way, the noise is overwhelmed once again by static, as the radio shuts off and the tape comes back on. He watches the dial, but it stays where it is, no longer moving. “Cas?” he says. There’s no answer, nothing except Bruce singing,
He wondered what the others were doing. Sam was probably back at the library, trying to put together what they gathered from Asa’s journals with what he had from the newspapers and coroner’s report. Just as Dean predicted, Sam’s two-hour nap turned into a six-hour nap, and he woke up after lunch furious about having lost a day of research, even though he looked undoubtedly better when he joined them. Not that it mattered much, since he would spend the night making up for the lost time. Jack was already in his room, probably exploring the wonders of Netflix (Cas couldn’t blame him. It was a really hooking device, but if Jack continued to display signs of addiction towards long-running TV shows, he would have to set some ground rules or limits on his screen time). Ben and Claire were a more complicated matter.
“You can’t fix it. You can’t fix what your father did, and what you did, and I can’t fix what my father did, and what I did. But I want you to stay anyway. If you fell again, Dean, I’d pull you back out. It isn’t a question of what you deserve. I’d do it anyway.”
. For the most part, he tries to sink into whatever story it is Bruce is telling in a particular song and not worry so much about exactly what Cas thinks of the album. But then “My Father’s House” comes on.
“You can’t fix it,” Cas says.
“If you asked me to.”
“But you didn’t die,” Cas says, finally. Exactly what he said before, only it holds a different weight now. That’s how stories work. You tell them, and then they get re-told, and somewhere in the re-telling, the meaning changes.
“It can wait,” Cas told him. Truth be told, mostly he’d wanted just to see Dean’s face, some assurance that what he was considering giving up would not require that everything good be taken from him. But now that Sam was here instead, well—the candles would do.
“I—“ Cas starts, but again, like before, he stops, reaches out his hand. As if it’s beyond words. Or as if it’s instinctual, something Dean should know how to do without needing it explained. Like breathing. Like knowing, when there’s a wound, that you need to stop the bleeding.
Cas is giving Dean a slightly horrified look, and so is Sam. A little too irreverent for them both, maybe. “You don’t know that one?” Dean says, stepping forward again and patting Cas on the arm. “That’s alright, buddy. I’ll teach it to you sometime.”
“I’d like—I think I should bless you.”
“So you choose what gets into this device?” he says, holding it up, trying to see how music might get in. He can feel it all sort of humming inside the little machine, little snippets of all the songs brushing up against each other and their metal confines, waiting for their chance to escape. She nods. “How do you do that?” he says.
She shrugs again, then hands over the other earbud, the one she took out so she could talk to him. He hears a woman’s voice, a little breathless, a little soft.
It’s this song that led Dean to hide the tape in the back of his glove box for so long, even though it’s also the song that’s a little warped, this section of the tape having been worn down by more plays than the others. Bruce sings about a dream he has, one of running from the devil until he makes it to his father’s house and “falls shaking into his arms.” Dean keeps his eyes fixed on the road as Bruce continues:
do it, he
“What?”
. Well, maybe someone did.
“Yeah, what does it do? Holy water hurts demons. Jesus’ name makes ‘em flinch. What’s a blessing gonna do to me?”
She looks up, clearly slightly startled, but then she shrugs and takes out one earbud. “It’s an iPod,” she tells him, holding it up a bit, so he can see.
, he thinks.
will happen, something will stop him on this pitch black road as he tries to make his way home to his girl. And even the existence of this person he’s trying to get back home to is unclear. After all, he says,
“Is that—is that it?” Dean says, after a second, opening his eyes.
Wait to call him. Soon you can hear his voice. Wait to call him. Put in the call.
, Dean said. Does that mean Sam doesn’t know what Dean saw? Does that mean Cas is the first out of anyone that Dean’s told this to? Why now? And what can Cas say that won’t scare Dean away? Because for all the times that Cas has disappeared right out of the passenger’s seat, and left Dean to drive the rest of some lonely highway alone, Dean has this habit of getting far away even while he’s still right there.
So here, on this bus, Cas gives it a minute, sees if he can work some sort of benign magic on the teenager next to him. Then, after she’s had time to settle into her seat more, he leans over just a bit and says, “Excuse me. What’s that you have there?”
he could hear it again. If he just keeps driving. If he just keeps driving, maybe one day, Cas’ voice will cut through the static like revelation, and Dean will say,
Dean laughs, a short, hard laugh. “All the time,” he says, eyes still on the road.
“ ‘That stuff’?” Cas repeats.
and you do.
When Cas doesn’t reply, Dean says, “You’d like to—why—will it hurt?” He’s not sure why that question comes out of his mouth, and he tries to play it off as a joke as soon as it does. “I mean, if it’s gonna be anything like that true voice shit you pulled on me a few days ago, shattering all the windows and shit—“
He’d skip past “Highway Patrolman,” too. About the guy that tries to do right by his brother but ends up having to chase him across the border, to never see him again. After all Dean’s worry about keeping Sam in line—that wasn’t what he should have been worrying about, was it? Sam had been good, after all. Sam hadn’t fallen, hadn’t given in to whatever power it was in his veins. He had saved Dean, he had saved them all—and Dean hadn’t been able to stop it. Dean should have stopped—
In fact, he likes to ride buses best during rush hour; he likes the crowd, the noise, the feeling of being right in the center of simple humanity, a reminder of why he’s doing everything he’s doing. Churches don’t feel quite real, to Cas; though he’s touched by the devotion he sees in those spaces, his mind gets too full up with all the prayers he knows God isn’t hearing. Buses seem the next best thing, to him. Humanity crowded together, their posture and preoccupations something he can read into like short stories. And he does read into them. He learned, early on, not to stare too much, for too long. He’s honed the art of not being noticed noticing. But still, he pays attention.
That’s good. He can most certainly find four dollars somewhere. He could maybe even ask Dean for the money. He could tell him what it’s for. That Cas wants to buy a cassette player, listen to music. But he worries about telling Dean, that it’s somehow disloyal. To seek out human experiences without him.
“What do you listen to?” Cas says, “if you don’t listen to Led Zeppelin.”
some who were willing to answer, if he managed to phrase things right. If he’d tried to explain it to Dean, he wouldn’t have known how eh chose who to ask; it was this almost imperceptible
“When I came back, after I’d let the leviathans lose, after I had killed countless angels, standing on that hill, do you remember what I told you? I said that we didn’t part as friends, and that I deserved to die, and that I couldn’t possibly fix it. And do you remember what you said to me? You said, ‘So what. Maybe you came back
“It’s a turn of phrase, buddy,” Dean tells him.
The thing of it is, Dean shouldn’t feel the truth of this song so deep in his bones, shouldn’t feel that he himself, driving alone at 2:47 am, could be the man singing the song. After all, he might now have a wife, but he certainly has a woman to return home to, a kid as well. There is, for maybe the first time in his life, absolutely nothing on his tail, nothing that could catch up to him, nothing to stop him from making his way home.
And Cas will look at him, and he’ll smile, and he’ll do it. He’ll stay, radio tuned to whatever song it is Dean most wants him to hear next.
“I don’t eat or sleep,” Cas tells Sam.
“When he doesn’t choose to look upon you?” Dean says. “Isn’t the big guy omniscient, or whatever? I mean, I never took a class or anything, but I’m pretty sure that’s God 101.”
isn’t really within the lexicon of angels, not in this sense of the word. There are warding mechanisms, and calls made on angel radio, things to get the job done, but often, strangely, none of this—action taken without seeming direct consequence, reaches toward something that doesn’t answer back.
Dean, choosing to ignore Sam’s mocking tone, says, “Yeah, exactly.”
So he expects it to feel strange, almost alien. Everything else like Cas—not that he’s come in contact with anything quite like Cas—but the demons, ghosts, spirits—either it’s pain, or it’s nothing. They are so not of this world that you can’t reach out and touch them, or they are here to cause damage.
“No, I know,” Sam said. “It’s—to God, you know.”
“I’m not sure,” Cas says finally.
“It’s—is there a service going on now?” Cas asked. He was peripherally aware of the workings of human religious ceremony, enough to ask that question and not many more.
“There was never a debt,” Cas says. But then he adds, “But you haven’t taught it to me yet.”
'You mean a hickey?' Dean chuckled. He would slap a man in a face any other time, but it sounded so alluring for unknown reason. 'Be my guest'.
Dean looked up at the woman and asked wonderingly:
Feel free to comment if you like it. Otherwise... feel free to comment nevertheless.
Then, bargaining came. Finding himself in Lawrence Saving Path, some weird and suspiciously undenominational
‘Are you a hooker?’
‘And those who are, you’d let them screw you?’
After that little scene in the auto shop Dean got into his beloved car and headed to the place where he could find the lamp he needed without being lectured about neurobiology. It was in another town, but the owner, Benny, was a good guy, and he would find exactly what Dean wanted without any stupid remarks.
Dean winced. He knew it would happen, and it happened. He told his whole - well, the closest thing he ever had to 'whole' - story to a real person, and the person was so under the impression so he had to fix it for that person somehow. Cas was shocked, and the reason was Dean. And instead of relief that he hoped for, Dean just got a new crying baby to change an emotional diaper. Awesome.
Cas was fucking stupid, or fucking viciously smart, to cry out about their bedtime activities right in the place where every wall had ears.
‘It was not. A. Date!’ Dean snapped. ‘Jeez, Jo, just forget it’.
Dean rolled his eyes, yanked his money off the guy’s hand, dropped the lamp soundly on the counter and stormed out.
The feeling James had was oddly familiar. He felt like… he had failed multiple times, and that failure was nothing in comparison to his other, worse fuck-ups.
He hugged his brother and Dad goodbye, and let Mom kiss his forehead.
‘Exactly’ Dean answered. ‘Well, you might think that I made this up in the moment I saw you, but here I have some proof’. He disemboweled his impromptu pillow and pulled out a plump writing book.
Dean came hard all over his stomach and chest, and realized that he was doomed from now on. Even if this
‘I’m sorry, man… Your mind really just made it up’.
Dean smiled widely.
The cop next to Dean jerked and gawked at Novak like a doe in the headlights. Dean didn’t know what would happen next, but it was an interesting plottwist: Novak was very, very familiar with what Dean was hiding beneath his pants.
‘You were an emergency response worker or paramedic, I don’t know. Some military. You used to serve, right?’
He was tall, taller than Cas even. He wore his hair very short, but with longer strands on top, and ‘longer’ meant that sometimes he could brush them back to look like a gangster. There was matching sandy stubble on his square, manly jaw, but his lips were still soft and feminine (and he secretly liked it). His shoulders were broad, his back was wide, he was strong and handsome. His legs were bow a bit, but his ass was very... well, when Dean was looking at his ass he allowed himself to doubt that Cas remade his body based precisely on how it should have looked like naturally (through Cas swore it was exactly what he did).
At the moment he wanted to call back, everything faded away and he woke up in Cas’ bed with his still emasculated self, weak and tiny, next to the firm, delicious body of his lover.
It was getting dark, and Dean hoped that he wouldn’t run into any cops on his way.
‘Impressive. But cold’.
‘It seems like they won’t make it for today’ James commented. He gave Dean a sympathetic look. Dean was gritting his teeth trying to pluck up his courage to go outside and get wet as a sewer rat.
James could tell for sure that he had never failed like that. It was clear in his mind that he had been lucky for his entire life. His plans had never worked out badly. That wasn’t his life…
They stood like that, as if they suddenly became trapped in time: Dean with his hands on Cas’ shirt, his fists weak, and Cas barely looking at him, his beautiful blue eyes were full of tears.
Anger came second: and it was the longest stage. And that was why Sam decided to place Dean into a mental institution. Dean was intractable and mad. Every time someone said something that contradicted Dean’s perfect world, Dean was ready to rip them apart. He felt like everyone tried to deride him, and he fought back, like he had been always doing at school when someone tried to bully him or his little brother. His life became a constant fight, and Sam couldn’t help but address some professionals to at least conclude an armistice for a while.
together that he would spill everything it was he was working on, that Dean would tell him not to go through with it, that he wasn’t strong enough, or good enough, or—but he
. He wonders if some version of that heaven still exists up there, without him. He wonders if Cas could get to it, if he wanted. Or if some version of it leaked into Cas’ heaven, like things can be when you’re dreaming, two places at once, superimposed on each other in a way that doesn’t make sense, when you wake up. But in the dream. It can happen in a dream. Sometimes he wonders if Cas’ll show up that way, when he falls asleep. But that feels too intimate, too greedy. To want all that. A whole dream. A presence beside him, something he could reach out and touch, just before he woke up. Best to stick with this hope, just for the sound of Cas’ voice. Just another song to hum to himself later, try to get back whatever it was he felt so sure of when he first heard it.
“Oh,” she replies. “Well, there are portable cassette players, you know.”
So he winds past that song and to the next one. “State Trooper.” More and more often, when he’s out driving way past midnight, way past the road that leads to the house he shares with Lisa, this is the song he finds himself rewinding and rewinding, wanting to hear just one more time. In some ways, it barely even feels like a song, not so much a melody as it is bottled anxiety, perfectly controlled, like a boxer right before he strikes out at his opponent. The whole song is just the same Am and D chords, humming almost imperceptibly along Bruce’s guitar strings, and Bruce’s voice over it as he pleads with a state trooper not to stop him, to let him make his way back to his baby.
“It won’t be,” Cas says, interrupting. “There are many ways to bless someone. I can do it so that it’s in keeping with your human conventions. I can’t imagine it should hurt.”
Dean has started—he’s even started praying again, in the car. Only when he’s in the car. And only when listening to Springsteen. Only when Springsteen sings,
“Now I’ve got the chills,” Dean says, joking, stepping away and giving a playful shiver, to show just how little it all just meant to him.
Sam gives Dean an almost pleading look, then.
fix it.’”
“I don’t stay alive to fix it, you know,” Cas says finally.
, in one space. Maybe to move around it in this way, without effect but with real purpose, is a reminder of that, of their humanness, of their choice to be here in this space together, and this, in some way, is a reminder of God, who made them just as they are. There is something distinctive about humans, in a way that there is not about angels. Simply for them to exist feels like a
But Cas doesn’t try. Instead he says, very evenly, “I can bless you again, if you’d like.”
Dan gives Cas a long look, and Cas looks straight back. It’s a little unnerving, almost like making eye contact with a dog. Not that Dean believes in a hierarchy of species, really. It’s just that there’s some undeniably foreign perception that you get in the eyes of a dog, and there’s something undeniably foreign to Cas’ gaze, too. Only Dean suspects that he might be the dog, in this scenario. He gets the feeling that there’s more going on in this room than he’s aware of, that Cas is seeing things he can’t.
Cas hadn’t realized how badly Dean’s hands are shaking until Dean pulls the car over to the side of the highway, just turns it off and sits there in the dark. Dean can’t believe he said all of that out loud, just now, to Cas, while perfectly sober. Something about the late hour, and the car, the excuse to keep his eyes on the road. The job they’re driving to, it isn’t really even anything. For once, it’s not the end of the world, just some werewolves. But he’s so, so tired. Driving, with Cas, he wants to pretend it’s something else, that they’re driving to nowhere, no job to do, no pretense for Cas to stay other than that he wants to be there, in the car, with Dean. No death at the end of the road, just another hotel, or maybe even a house, somewhere they might stay a while. He wants off the highway and he wants out of the life and he knows he doesn’t deserve it. The thing he can’t tell Cas, the other reason he can’t get up and walk away from hunting, is if he gives it all up, and the job is done, then Cas will leave, and he needs him. He needs Cas to stay.
be what I became?”
“I’m unsure,” Cas says. “We are beings of pure energy. Time exists differently for us, and space as well. It does not lend itself to repetitive action.”
Dean takes a breath and steps forward. He doesn’t expect to close his eyes, but he does. He feels Cas’ hand on his forehead. He expects something—a shock of electricity, a burning sensation, maybe, or a feeling like a splash of cold water—but Cas’ hand feels very human. He’s in a human vessel, after all. Dean remembers Cas telling him that.
“That’s because
“What? Sitting down?” Benny grinned at him but remained on his feet.
“He started scratching”, Dean realized. “He and Claire were trying to figure out what was wrong…”
“I didn’t predict him becoming a hunter and spending three days under your roof”, Cas retorted, trying to remain non-confrontational. His goal was to calm Dean down, not fight him.
"Still, way too mature", she replied. "You sure he wasn't possessed or something?"
When there was no answer once again, he finally surrendered himself to sleep. He would figure this out. He knew he would.
won’t let him. But these headaches are causing him pain, and the more he questions, the more painful they will become”. He brushed Dean’s face softly with his nose. “It’s going to be ok”.
“Thanks”, he muttered. Castiel exhaled deeply, looking suddenly tired.
Benny immediately turned to Dean and held his gaze. He seemed ok at first, but the vampire could sense his anxiety growing. It was as if he was trying to hold back a panic attack. His face remained unchanged, which meant Dean still had a good amount of self-control.
But what was the point in wanting something you can never have?
“We’re getting close” Benny told them over his shoulder. It was the fifth time he had said that during the past twelve hours, and Dean was starting to get sick of it. He had been thrilled the first couple of times, skeptical at the third, annoyed at the fourth, and
Jack tilted his head slightly.
“Since when do you consider the mutts ‘your kind’, Julietta?” He tried his best to sound calm and sarcastic while searching desperately for Cas and Dean. Where were they? “No offense, brother”, he added to the werewolf on top of him, who had finally spitted the piece of his flesh that he had held his mouth until then.
"I do not hate your..." Cass looked at him like he had zero patience for anything Dean was about to say. "Ok. Your coffee could use some improvement."
He blinked at her, waiting for an explanation.
“Yeah, mostly”, Sam bent over a cupboard and took a couple of files from one of the drawers. “We have the coroner’s report on the murdered family we got from the morgue in Sioux City. Want to read that again too”.
“Look, kid…”
And with that said, Jack disappeared into thin air.
"Think it's time for us to go," Dean said, standing up and pulling Cass with him. He was still trembling a little but could walk. Dean moved so that Cass could put an arm around his neck and supported Castiel's weight on his shoulders. They were almost crossing the rift when Dean halted as if he had forgotten something and turned his head to Castiel.
“I’ll tell him” he managed to say, frenetical and distant. “When he comes back, I’ll tell him I forgive him. He will come back, right?”
“Ok", he whispered. "I trust you”.
“Where’s Jack?”, he asked.
“Except for the need for sleep or food….”
“What are you getting at, Claire?”, he asked, looking deep into her eyes. “What do any of those things have to do with anything?”
Cas looked utterly out of words. This level of confusion, of doubt, made him look so human. It was almost endearing.
him kissing anyone else”.
“Fake it till you make it, right?”, Dean put a hand on the angel’s shoulder and slowly began to lead them back to the kitchen. “And besides…”, he added, with a mischievous smile “the faster we’re done with ‘the kids’, the faster we can have the bunker all to ourselves again”.
“Don’t say he’s coming back!” Dean shouted, finally meeting Benny’s gaze. His hands were slightly shaky and his eyes were unfocused. “You don’t know that. You
Claire blinked at him.
There are also more Claire and Jack sibling moments in the making, so stay tuned.
“So,” Dean said, after a few minutes of silence. “Cas and I were talking about what are we going to do first once we’re out of here”
Before Dean could even finish that thought, the Impala was propelled forward. And just like he had done with Sam, all those years ago, and Jack and Claire, earlier that day, Dean held tightly to his seat while smiling proudly at the kid sitting by his side.
"Dean..." Sam reached out his hand to touch his brother's shoulder, but Dean dismissed it with an aggressive gesture. Sam took a deep breath and pulled back his hand, but didn't back down. "It wasn't Jack's fault".
That, Castiel realized, was a new feeling. The desire to kiss someone like that, for the simple pleasure of it. That was absolutely new. Jimmy had felt something like that, so he could recognize the feeling, but Castiel, the angel, hadn’t. Meg had been an experiment, Daphne a sort of duty (husbands kiss their wives, right?), but Dean… Dean,
He squeezed his eyes shut and raised a hand to the side of his head, pressing his temples. The feeling was overwhelmingly bitter, and the crescent headache was not helping.
After an hour or so, Dean seemed a bit better, more like himself. Cas tried removing his hand briefly and Dean didn’t seem to bother. He noticed it, but his heartbeat didn’t raise. Cas took it as a sign that he was ready to move by himself, and Dean slowly took the lead, leaving Cas and Benny a few steps behind. He seemed as if he needed space to breathe, so neither Benny nor Cas tried to catch up to him. But they remained close and watchful.
“The recipe was more complex than I had previously anticipated”, he pointed out, in a very serious voice. Dean snorts before smiling fondly at Cas.
Sam rose his eyebrows, looked attentive now. “The kids were missing?”
Dean seemed struck by that, and Cas took that as an opening.
“Short version? Claire wouldn’t buy it” retorted his brother, taking another long sip of bourbon. “Kudos to you for that one, Cas. She didn’t even buy the half-truth version”.
“Where’s Claire?” He asked. He wanted to ask about Sam and Jack as well, who seemed to have disappeared completely since they got back. But Claire was the one he was most worried about. She wouldn’t leave him alone like this if something was wrong, would she?
“Hey!” Cas’s hands were on his back again. Heavy, firm, and very, very real. Or at least they seemed real. More real than Jo’s voice or Sam’s screams. “I’m here. I’m real. Can you feel it?”
Claire raised a suspicious eyebrow. Dean’s apologies, like her own, weren’t usually the best ones. That’s when they existed at all.
Castiel felt when the knife sliced his skin: a very small cut on his neck, under his chin. He had felt it before and knew exactly what was going on. He felt the moment his grace started to flow from his body. It wasn't flowing anywhere specific, just disappearing into the Empty, as if the darkness itself was draining it. And then it was over. He felt his body weaken and he would have felt to his knees if it wasn't for Dean, who hold him as soon as his legs gave in.
“The last person I saw him kissing was my mom”, she whispered. The sound got lost against Jack’s t-shirt, so she wasn’t sure he heard her. His hand still came down to stroke her back. “And I know, I
“I’m not laughing
“I need you to promise me that, after Cas is finished, you are going to listen to me while I explain what’s wrong", Dean told him. His voice was gruff as if he was explaining a mission plan. He was giving him orders. "You’re not going to storm out of the bunker, you’re not going to disappear, you’re going to listen to what I have to say, even if you can’t stand to look at me, ok?”
of things out loud. It was part of what made Dean “Dean”. But still, he was human, and he was alive in a place designed for dead souls. It would leave a scar, and Cas was painfully aware Dean already had his fair share of scares.
He was thinking about all that one day, while the three of them were resting after days of non-stop violence. They had found a stream and sat down by its riverside, washed their hands, faces, and weapons (which was pointless, given that they would be filthy again in a matter of hours). Dean even scooped his hands and drank from the stream, which was an empty action for he didn’t need food or water in Purgatory. Still, the look of pleasure on his face made it look as if he was drinking happiness itself.
Neither Dean nor Cas answered anything and first, and Benny didn’t look as though he was expecting an answer. He was looking up, eyes locked on the tree branches above them. In all the time they had spent together, Cas had never seen that look on his face. It was a sort of longing, a bit of sadness. It was a very human expression, one that Cas knew he was not able to reproduce.
Cas thought about telling him where his head was really at but quickly gave up on it. Dean was already with a lot to worry about without troubling himself with the absence of day and night. So instead, Cas asked:
wasn't enjoying the suspicion in her voice. “That’s funny”. She turned her eyes back to the front of the car, meeting Dean’s gaze in the mirror again. “I had never heard it before”.
Benny took him down in a matter of seconds, but the rest of the pack didn’t wait until he was finished and advanced like animals in their direction. They struck two at a time, otherwise, they would end up getting in each other’s way. This allowed Dean to take them down, or at least push them away before the next one was on him. His goal was to keep them away from Benny while he finished his monster, and once he was done, they switched: Dean was focusing on killing his while Benny held off the others. This would have been harder four months ago, but most conflicts in purgatory were pretty similar, and Benny and Dean were starting to master the style. These monsters hadn’t had an actual prey in God knows how long, but the two of them? Intensive training 24/7. The trick, they learned, was synchrony and timing. If they moved together, leaving no blind spots or openings for the monster to attack, they could usually take on large groups quite easily. Usually.
“Finished with the reports and the journals yesterday”, he said, with a worn-out sigh. “Now I guess all that’s left is look at it until it all makes sense”.
“Took you long enough” Dean mouthed, faintly. He could feel himself on the edge of consciousness, about to pass out.
“Quit staring at me like that”, Dean warned him, with his eyes still shut. Although he tried very hard to hide it, there was a smile in his voice. “
Dean felt suddenly very awake.
“No, he doesn’t” Dean cut him off, and Benny was surprised by how raw his answer had been. Dean's voice was rising as he began talking faster, almost tripping in his own words. “Sometimes he gets ripped apart. Sometimes he stops breathing. And sometimes he walks straight into a lake, covered in goo and
“You told me you tried to keep Ben and Lisa as far away from the Supernatural world as you possibly could”, Cas explained. “so most of what Asa taught him Ben was hearing for the first time. But the small things…”
“Yes. I did”. Cas went silent after that, and thankfully, Benny didn’t ask anything else. It was better that way, Dean thought to himself. He didn’t plan on staying in Purgatory much longer, and the less he befriended the vampire, the better. Still, it was good to see Cas taking part in any form of normal interaction.
“Pull yourself together, Winchester”, he muttered to himself, getting on his feet. The air on his skin was chilly, which helped ground him to reality. He started walking through the woods, his heart beating as if he was still being chased, still in danger, and eventually heard something. Voices. Dean took a hold of his blade and walked as silently as he possibly could towards the sound.
As it turned out, this particular group was better prepared than their usual Purgatory monsters. Their attacks were well thought and synchronized, barely giving Dean and Benny time to get back on their feet before being struck again. One, in particular, an older woman, in her fifties, had fighting skills way above average. During the first minutes of combat, she remained mostly at the sidelines. At first, Dean imagined she was waiting for an opening, but he was wrong. She was studying them, their movements, and their fighting style. And when they had guttered three members of her pack and scared one off, she finally advanced against them. The three wolves who were still standing took a step back as soon as she moved.
“I may or may not have caught them snooping around yesterday”. He finally said, sinking slightly into his chair.
He looked desperately from Sam to Cas in search of support, but both simply shrugged at him, Sam with a very amused expression Dean felt like punching, and Cas while hiding his grin under an impossibly long sip of coffee. His only source of consolation was that Ben looked even more desperate than he did.
Dean put one hand on her shoulder and brought her close, to a side hug that turned into a real hug. He could feel Claire shaking against him as the crying became uncontrollable. He could relate to what she was going through, on some level. Missing someone you are unable to completely forgive, knowing that you will never be able to tell them you forgive them, even though you eventually do, and worst of all, feeling guilty for not being angry at someone who you loved, and that died before you could sort everything out.
“Can I come?” Claire asked, surprising everyone on the table, but especially Ben, who stared at her with wide-open eyes as if she had just announced she was on her way to kill the President.
Jack nodded and walked out of the kitchen. The other three were still staring at Dean and Cas.
“Man, I’m bigger than you. I can just take it”, he grumbled, reaching for the folder, but Dean stretched his arm, moving the documents further away from his brother’s grasp. Sam arched his eyebrows at him as if questioning if they were really going to play this game. Dean held his gaze, which was the same as answering that yes, they absolutely were.
“Yeah, keep telling yourself that, buddy”, he said. For a moment, Ben caught something in Dean’s eyes he hadn’t seen up to that point: tenderness. Much like the bitterness from before, this too had been just a glimpse, but he was sure he hadn’t imagined it. Dean Winchester looked at Castiel in a way that felt almost too private for him to witness. Ben awkwardly averted his gaze.
Cas glanced furiously from one to the other, as if he was dealing with two stubborn children, but didn’t put up any resistance. “Fine” was all he said. Dean forced himself to smile.
“We should probably go, you know… make an excuse or something”, he said, trying to sound more confident than he actually felt. “For the whole dropping the glass and immediately bailing thing.” Of course, he didn’t put any real effort into standing up after saying that. Cas didn’t show any signs of wanting to move either.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked up and saw Cas getting beat up by both of the monsters at once. He was fighting back, but they managed to get him on the ground. Dean ran up the hill as fast he could. He saw when Cas pushed the woman away, but the man was still right onto him. Dean reached them just as the Leviathan was opening his dreadful mouth to attack Cas. Instinct took over him and before he knew it, the leviathan’s head was on the ground, a few feet away from his body. The woman took that opening and attacked them, but Cas was able to hold her down enough so that Dean could decapitate her just as he had done to her partner. The whole confrontation was over in a matter of seconds, but he felt every muscle in his body aching, asking for rest. Cas was kneeling on the ground beside one of the headless bodies. As much as Dean wanted to do the same, he knew there was no time.
“How exciting”, she’d said, without the tiniest bit of excitement.
Claire hadn’t come back yet, but she’d texted Cas a few minutes before they arrived at the bunker telling him Kaia’s train had just left the station and that she would be on her way shortly. Dean could see the nervousness in the angel’s eyes and reached over the gearbox of the Impala to take hold of his hand. He held it there silently for a few minutes, letting go just when they were already inside the bunker’s garage. Dean was really looking forward to getting that particular anxiety trigger out of their way. One less potential disaster to worry about.
Cas cocked his head, confused by the melody for some reason, which made him look a bit like a puppy. A small smile escaped Dean because Cas had no right looking like
Dean doesn’t answer the question directly. But that’s okay. That’s usually the way it works with stories. Instead, he says, “That was before I went to Hell, you know. When I knew I was dying. When I knew my contract was gonna be up. That’s when someone else was first in my dreams. That’s when Jeremy Snow tried to kill me.”
. Not just his. Dean’s, too.
Sam is fighting with Dean, now, and Cas, for once, doesn’t want to meddle. Dean hasn’t said as much, but Cas can sense that if he talked to Sam, it would be like breaking a promise to keep a secret. There’s something guarded in Dean about the whole thing, and though Dean hasn’t confided much of it to Cas, Cas still gets the sense that, if Cas were to talk to Sam, he might be giving too much away. So he stays away from Sam, and comes when Dean calls, and rides in his car with him across distances he could travel in a second if he wanted. But he doesn’t want to. He wants to be there, in the car, with Dean, listening to the radio and waiting for the road to stretch out long enough for Dean to say something more to him, to tell him a little about how it is the world works for him, to convince Cas all over again that it’s worth it, breaking his orders, betraying his siblings, running from his purpose. Running to nowhere at eighty miles an hour—slow, for an angel.
She gives him a funny look. “You really think so?” she says.
Finally, Cas decides Dean isn’t going to say more without prompting. “Do you ever dream about your father?” he asks.
—and sometimes he stops there, lets the next verse pick up, leaves it at that. Sometimes he adds,
, but,
The teenage girl next to Cas seems happy to just let him sit and listen. The whole of the song feels encapsulated in that one word, “delicate.” It’s something you could cup in the palm of your hand, something prettier because it could break apart at any moment.
It isn’t just that this car is the last place he saw Cas.
Cas shifts around, then, a stern expression on his face. It’s one Dean is already starting to recognize, although he can’t quite read what emotion is behind it. Is it frustration at being misunderstood? Or—it almost comes across as embarrassment. If that’s something angels can even feel.
In any case, Dean knows he’ll be back out tomorrow night. Same road, same time. Same hope that there’s something out there that’s not all the way gone. He knows, he just
“You decided you didn’t want to die,” Cas repeats. He wants Dean to keep talking. He wants to hear the whole story, the full of it. He wants to listen to what it is Dean’s trying to tell him.
“No,” Dean says. “I just—those things are usually longer, from what I’ve seen of them. I don’t feel any different.” Dean pauses. “Do you?”
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Can you what?” He still can’t quite get over the fact that he’s standing in some rundown motel room with his brother and an angel. He’s still not fully convinced this guy
, Bruce sings.
“No, sure, I’ve heard of it,” Dean tells him. “But I mean, if you’re really an angel, and blessings are a part of your repertoire—what does it
Cas, sitting there in the passenger’s seat, right where Dean can’t see him, reaches out. Not for Dean. For the radio dial. He closes his eyes, lets the part of him that’s holy shine through like when he gives a blessing, only not so bright that Dean can see. Just enough to nudge the dial a bit. Dean frowns as the sound of the tape is overwhelmed by static, watches as the radio dial moves, flicking past gospel stations and talk shows, until it finds a station it wants to stick with for a minute.
'No. I stand for peoples' interest against corporations' Cas said. 'When companies try to feed from people instead of making their lives better, and honestly, it's the most of the time'.
‘That’s the catch in the whole situation, you asshole. I’m just trying to get what’s up’.
‘Fuck you very much, Dean Winchester’ the person grunted and pushed his heavy arm away.
‘What’s going on here?’ The voice that suddenly interrupted their dramatic scene was sombre, deep and very familiar.
But the part Dean liked most was his dick. It was thick and long, and Dean enjoyed how much warmer than his other body parts it felt every time he touched it. He liked to squeeze it in his hand and stroke it languidly until it was hard and throbbing. Dean liked to touch his balls, full and heavy, and he liked Cas’ wet wanton mouth on his balls and dick.
His vessel was young, strong, and handsome. It had daring green eyes, sweet girly lips, and a chiseled jaw. They said the vessel's appearance usually reflected inner talents of the demon, and Dean became proud of himself. According to his vessel's made-up background, his name was Dean Winchester, and he was an undergraduate mechanic from Kansas. His so-called parents died and he quitted school to raise his little brother named Sam.
Castiel’s grin vanished in a moment. His face became attentive and even sad.
Dean was silent for a moment. He turned his face away trying not to look at the doctor. She was in a black blouse, with heavily applied dark grey eye shadows and gaudily red glossy lipstick. She looked like an intentionally highlighted zone on a stage among the grayish non-distinguishable background. It made her look like a character of a video game who was about to give a quest to Dean. The only thing she was lack of was a golden pixilated circle around her chair and a hot key hint beneath it.
James had experienced all sorts of catches Morningstar could make up to get off the hook.
‘I think I can do it’ he said finally.
Surprisingly, Castiel was a good cook. He served a perfect dinner with baked salmon, potatoes and green salad. Dean was not a fan of fish and seafood, but that was delicious. They head a pear pie for dessert, and Dean started to salivate just smelling the scent of it even before he saw it.
Mom was the only person who he told it to. After the dinner, Dean took her to their garden and confessed that he would never come back again.
‘I don’t care’ Dean snarled. ‘My life was over years ago, dude. I can’t even proclaim myself a dead man walking cause I’m no man’.
‘Never mind’ James interrupted. ‘I’ll come there’.
Dean had been gawking at him for a mere minute, and then stood up reluctantly. Cas looked like someone who wouldn’t give up.
‘Hey sweetheart, how is it going?’ Charlie asked. ‘Don’t answer. Those bags under your eyes speak for themselves’.
‘I can’t believe…’ He gasped. ‘You… that… but the rest…’
‘Didn’t know you’re into hardcore BDSM’.
'Sure I do'. Cas thrust Dean forward inside his apartment and shut the door hastily. He pushed Dean to the wall and got on his knees to pull down Dean's jeans and nuzzle into Dean's crotch. That area was a very sensitive part of Dean's body, and he hated when someone started to bite or lick it aggressively, as if it was some clit-surroundings, but Cas knew better than to pretend that there's nothing special under the simple cotton fabric of Dean's female briefs. Cas's nose and lips barely touched the groin, but he was breathing soundly, and the alternating waves of hot and cold exhales were tormenting Dean's scarred skin sweetly. He threw his head back and couldn't suppress a moan when Cas fondled him with the very tip of his tongue.
Gabriel and Kali spent a night at the place and left early in the morning. Dean didn’t even have time to say goodbye.
The words were so unexpected Dean froze.
Dean joined them at lunch, and through he thought it would be difficult for all of them to rejoin after everything what had happened, it was almost perfect. It reminded Dean their dinners that they had back then before that tragedy happened to him. They smiled, and laughed, and through Mom was still over-caring, and Dad was afraid to look him in the eye, and grown-up Sammy looked like a stranger, Dean loved it. He found out that Sammy was about to leave for college, and realized that Mom was hoping for him to come back to live with them. He almost promised that to her, but it would be too cruel of him to give her hope.
Castiel hummed behind him, clearly enjoying his reaction. He teased a bit, not shoving his fingers inside, and Dean heard a pathetic whine. It took him time to realize the whine was his.
‘Ok, then’ Dean mumbled at last. ‘I’d better go’.
James sat down not bothering to tuck the shirt in or even button it up.
She stared at him, dumbfounded, then wrinkled her nose.
Dean opened his eyes. He was lying on his bed, quiet and relaxed, with his hand joined on his chest, as if he was ready to attend his own funeral. He wished to be able to sleep, but he could just drowse instead. He brooded if he had to make up his mind with the fact that the man from his dream knew nothing about him. On the one hand, it even sounded goofily: the man of his dream. On the other hand, it couldn’t be a mistake: Dean knew his face very well. He could paint it from memory if only he had a painting skill.
‘Hello, sweetheart’ Pam cooed as she entered the room in her long lacy dressing gown with an enormous mug of coffee. ‘Did my beloved early bird catch a worm yesterday?’
Their negotiations brought him tons of paperwork, so James headed right to his office to accomplish his today’s mission. He started at eleven, and raised his head when it was already half past seven.
Dean ran so fast he hadn’t picked up the damn lamp for the Baby from Cas’ car. It was freaking ridiculous, like the destiny herself was against him fixing his beloved car.
Winchester was obviously out of head. He addressed James as he had already met him.
Right at the moment he exited his room, with yellow rubber gloves on and a bucket in his hand, Dean saw Castiel.
He was sick and tired of being kinky. He was a kink himself, and god, was it tedious as hell to be one.
‘You mean that my life
Dean was one blink away from bursting into tears, so he chose to escape with distracting himself. He ducked under the thin sheet and started to suck Cas off thoroughly.
‘Nice to meet you, Mr. Winchester’ James said, bending down to shake Sam Winchester’s hand. ‘I’m James Novak, and I represent, apparently, Seraph Enterprise’.
‘Jess was dead’. He finally panted. ‘She died at Halloween, 98’.
The meaning of his words could have implied body issues but it sounded like a challenge.
‘It was never because of you!’ He yelled. ‘I know you for one fucking week. It’s not about you at all!’ Dean knew he was about to cry, and he couldn’t burst in tears in front of that man.
He was lucky to get a male body though he was on the brink of getting into girl's skin. The rules of hell prescribed to undergo examination of the inner core before getting a carrier. Dean definitely did not eavesdropped, but the elders were hesitating before appointing him a vessel.
'So, bedroom' Castiel said abruptly and his hands disappeared only to be placed on Dean's shoulders to direct him. Dean was happy to oblige.
‘Are you here alone?’ Castiel asked.
Once again, Dean rendered thanks to whichever force was in charge for giving his that body as a vessel. It felt like custom made for his intentions and inclinations. His intimate parts were sensitive and trained and very responsive.
Deep inside Sam smiled. He didn’t like the guy. Well, he didn’t like Seraph Enterprise and the guy was just a skipjack asshole.
It was dark outside. The washy picture of evening Chicago was blurring through his full-height window. It was raining. Typical late autumn rain, plentiful, but totally softball.
t was his mom. She looked at him for only god knew how long, and hugged him.
‘I mean it’ Dean grinned viciously. 'Wanna suck you first and feel you come in me after'.
Dean hated situations like that. First, he wasn’t going to let a stranger fuck him without protection. Second, the cop would most likely get mad when he would understand that Dean had no tight pussy underneath his jeans. Mad men who were disappointed at not finding a pussy had tendency to beat Dean bloody, as if it was all his fault. Dean didn’t want that, not while the man was having a fucking
‘Dean, please talk to me’ Cas was almost pleading. ‘What’s happened? Was it about me saying that you sucked me – ’
Castiel just smirked. 'You know, they usually don't test you for intestinal infections during this, right?'
‘What a fuck –‘
‘Which list?’
It easily took two and three fingers, to Castiel’s big amusement. Dean was on all fourth already, with his eyes in the air, pliant to all Castiel’s actions. Four fingers fitted him perfectly; neither had he felt the burn nor pain, his rim just stretched pleasingly around Castiel’s fingers.
‘I’m here to visit… Winchester’.
‘She, I mean my therapist, made me keep a diary. Take it and open on nineteenth of August’.
‘Ma’am’ The cop said. ‘It’s against the law. You should get out of the car. Now’
The older man came closer, took the note and read throught the description.
Dean still was slightly dazed when he noticed that Cas was squeezing him tight around his body. Too tight, by Dean’s taste, but it gave him a vague feeling of safety.
Dean’s face went pale abruptly.
‘You want something from Sam, am I right? Let me in and I’ll tell you how to get it’.
He spoke about it with such an 'i-don't-give-a-fuck' attitude Dean could feel nothing but urge to at least make out with him again. Weird.
He batted his eyelashes. God, he had become so good at it so fast.
Dean barely heard Gabriel. He scrutinized Castiel.
Suddenly, everything of Castiel disappeared except a mocking chuckle:
The girl took a card and money and said in her constantly emotionless tone:
Cas was big, and in the beginning Dean had hated it. Hung guys were usually literal pain in the ass, due to their macho behavior that brought zero pleasure and rather left Dean irritated and sore. But Cas, Cas was big and attentive. Dean could bet he didn’t even slide down to the root because he was afraid to hurt Dean, and Dean loved and hated it at the same time.
Dean knew that his doctor, that nasty puppeteer, was in charge of everything. She mostly broadcasted her sick ideas to Dean through her personnel, and Dean had to comply with their instructions, even most unpredictable and ridiculous ones.
He could remember that prom pretty much well because he saw Sammy dancing, but they fought three hours after because Dean was supposed to bring him home and Sammy wanted to spend the entire night with his girlfriend. But he also remembered the photo his therapist showed him. That Millennium celebration, with him, Jess and champagne. Sam definitely looked like someone who was allowed to drink. He couldn’t be sixteen on that photo. He looked like twenty-four or something.
'Why do you ask?'
They laughed, and gossiped about Jo's boyfriends (spoiler alert: they were jerks), and ate Chinese. Jo appeared to be a perfect candidate to be Dean's first human friend.
‘For what? For not accepting a hard bargain? It’s not how the American law works, Mr. Novak’.
Dean stood still, with his chin up and a glimpse of a jolly smile on his face. His smile became wider and wider and finally he looked like the happiest person in the world. He responded with only a brief phrase:
He stretched out and heedlessly hit the person lying next to him.
'Me, I... just...' Dean stuttered again. 'have been thinking about religion a lot... lately'.
Once he received his first doze, Dean lit a cigarette. He didn’t care about an ashtray – it was his room, anyway. So he smoked one by one, sipping his whiskey, and his vision eventually became blurrier.
‘Of course. It’s not that flaming hot during summer, right?’
‘No! Stop it!’ Although Dean’s dick wasn’t that hard anymore he still was horny and didn’t want to lose that feeling completely. ‘I believe you. Just go on, okay?’
But first, he needed to get to Lawrence, Kansas.
He saw himself, but it was his other self. It was Dean that would have lived happily ever after if he was normal. He was a real man, a bulky guy with a crew cut, dressed in regular jeans and a plaid shirt over the same Led Zeppelin t-shirt he liked so much – but that tee was three sizes bigger. He felt a wonderful heavy weight between his legs, and through he didn’t see it he knew for sure that there was a thick long penis coming fitted with heavy balls, full of semen.
‘I wish I could’.
Dean was puzzled, and he needed time for himself before the late evening session with the therapist. He didn’t expect any guest, especially that woman.
Dean started at the closest bar where he found a drinking companion and got them both wasted at the expense of the wretch. He liked the feeling of being tipsy but hated it when world around him started to swirl. He asked the bartender if he knew how to snaffle some drugs nearby, but that exact bartender appeared to be a zealous supporter of solely one type of drug and promised Dean to call the police. Dean shrugged and made off with a random blond girl he took to his place. She insisted on them hitting a pharmacy on their way. Dean had to admit that using condoms was a smart move. If he was a full-time human he would prefer his body to stay in order and long as possible to sin regularly. The sinned four times that night, and Dean noted smugly that his vessel was in a perfect physical shape.
He took Baby but left a note under the key bowl with the instructions where to find her when he’s dead.
' Sam sent and added an emoji. Probably they were good, Dean thought. He needed to take a thorough preparation then.
The last trick (pathetic but substantial) was pulled by its memorable lawyer, and, technically, James was responsible for that.
‘What was that?’
'Use me' Dean echoed, fascinated by the pure lust Castiel was emanating.
'The point is it totally is'.
‘What do you mean, she’s dead? He, what, is hiding her body in a freezer in his garage?’
‘I love you every way you are’ Cas said, and kissed his nape.
Well, Dean, it looks like an elementary school kid is describing his favorite movie character. No offence. I have very significant eye color, indeed, but I still don’t see why it couldn’t be just a coincidence’.
Pam shrugged. She could be nosy, but she wasn’t pushy. She knew where to stop, and Dean wasn’t in the mood to talk about it.
‘I don’t know’.
Dean didn't notice that he put his head on Cas' lap as the other man was sitting on the floor with his back to the wall. Cas' fingers were hovering over Dean's hair, willing to stroke it, but he hesitated.
It was all his life, like they pictured it in movies when a hero is dying and his whole life path flashed before him. But Dean saw it from the different point. Like some different Dean was living his life instead of him, and he himself was just an observer. The other Dean lived right to the moment when everything happened, but Dean lost the track of his own life the minute before. Next thing he saw was him lying on the table with a bandage between his legs.
'Actually, what I'm trying to say is much less metaphorical and more... literal,' he said, and before Dean had a chance to get in the way, Cas went on 'Please don't say anything before I finish. I know it can seem a total crap to you, but I would like to assure you that I do not intend to trick or mock you'.
'Yeah, and for... other stuff'.
‘Wow, lawyer, really. At least something in our versions of reality – ‘ He air quoted, ‘matched’.
speak about different things. Have you ever thought that maybe… I am another Dean? Like some twilight zone or something?’
tw: stigmatization of mental disorders, probably offensive
'It took seven month for the police to find them and put me back to the family. But the irreversible had already happened. They could heal my wounds and make stitches nicer, but they couldn't bring my dick back, and there was no point to make a prosthetic device. Probably just to hide that void in my pants, but it couldn't hide the lack of height and hair, and the medical insurance of my parents didn’t' cover hormonal therapy. But it fucking covered compulsory psychotherapy. I hated it. I was forced to sit in a moth-bitten armchair two times a week and to talk about what I'd prefer to forget forever'.
James wanted to order just coffee, but the waitress said that he could get it for free, but he had to order something else. James said hamburger, and he got everything within ten minutes. James put the burger aside and nipped his coffee, staring through the window.
The other thing that made James feel superior to others were his slim to none corporeal needs. The secret of his impressive productivity was that he didn’t get distracted by lunch during the day and needed really short sleep at night. He had to put an alarm to eat, because he believed that he had to. His body felt healthy and fit without any physical activity, even his physician had acknowledged it. And the most unfamiliar part for him was to feel sexual desire. Well, James had experienced some forms of fleeting attraction to various people, but he never felt urge to have sex, as if his body was completely out of a breeding race and didn’t want to produce its genes in next generations.
And again, Dean saw his cock and died inside. He felt like his own dick was throbbing in his sweatpants, but thanks to the big baggy T-shirt he put on to clean, his problem was invisible to Castiel.
Dean didn’t even have a chance to say goodbye before she slammed the door behind him. He heard her steps getting quieter and quieter before she disappeared behind the backdoor of the building.
Cas winced as if he had just been bit by an insect.
tw: dubcon and non-consensual practices when sex was consensual in general. Also some oral het sex mentioned.
‘You know what… I’m not gonna sign it. It’s a bondage deal. As a lawyer, I just can’t approve it’.
‘And the trick is?..’
Well, he didn’t expect James to open his door so fast.
‘N... no’ Dean moaned. The mattress flexed again as the weight of another grownup man disappeared, but it wasn’t for long. Next thing that hit Dean’s senses was something strange put across his ass. It wasn’t hot or cold or wet or sticky, it was just... presence of something, and he couldn’t say that he didn’t like it.
‘You’re not on the list’.
‘I’d let you’ Cas said with ease.
‘Better yet, you had twice as many opportunities to fuck them up!’ Sometimes Dorothy was relentless. ‘Well, anyway: he pays the same amount that you have from your cars and your bar, you don’t have to pay rent and food, and you can sleep at night. Don’t even dare to reject it’.
‘Nothing. I don’t need anything to stay awake. It’s natural. Anyway, you wanted to tell me something about Sam Winchester’.
‘You can take it back, sweetheart’ she said and put a bank note onto the table. ‘I’m Meg, by the way’.
‘It’s a price we pay for not losing our business’ Sam smiled weakly. He knew that he would pay for that impertinence, but he couldn’t stop. He should go and break some shop windows, or punch some faces in a bar, but he was ruining the deal and his career instead. But he just couldn’t stop. He needed some justice in the end. If his brother is doomed to die not recognizing his own nephew, so why should he care about such an insignificant moment of another’s business?
He’d have to choose eventually, he though. And he couldn’t choose the only option he really wanted to be – a full-fledged man.
‘You all keep telling that’. The woman snapped.
Here in the Roadhouse everybody knew Officer Novak. Unlike it usually happened to cops and strip bars, he wasn’t famous because of his escapades, he was famous because of Dean. Debby, to be correct.
Or it was?
‘I’ll hear you out if it helps’ Cas came closer. Dean didn’t realize how close he was before Cas embraced him.
‘Oh really?’ Dean chuckled. ‘Then bite me. I don’t need a partner. I don’t need anyone to protect me’.
He dove into the door and approached to a young woman on the reception. She raised her tired face to James and asked with a slow, apathetic tone:
‘Tattoo? I don’t have any’.
‘You can come here if you want’.
He was surprisingly persuasive. Walker tucked in his swiftly subsided penis and left.
‘She lied’ James snapped. ‘Go away’.
Dean walked to the full-height mirror and looked at himself. It wasn’t that uncommon like it was for the first ten years, but he liked it still. Cas was mocking his vanity, and Dean didn’t see anything bad in being a little bit vain.
‘Thank you very much’.
‘Your doctor said you said…’
‘Me? Are you kidding?’
However, next day made its adjustments to his decision.
And suddenly, it started to rain.
Being a woman was easier than being the man he actually was. His accident – totally intentional, in fact, it was just not his intention – happened to him when he was fourteen, and he hadn’t grown an inch since that day. His body was soft and slightly curved, his hands and feet were smaller that they should be. His voice was deep but not masculine. He was still strong, but
And then the thunder rolled.
, Dean thought again, addressing his carrier. Dean swallowed around Castiel, and the man froze, his grip tightened in Dean's hair.
‘What if I’m not clean?’ Cas pensively asked later.
‘My brain is overloaded already and I’m not into sport’ He said as if Dean was accusing him of bad taste.
James Novak was certainly the man you would like to become in case if you came to be a human being on Earth.
James winced. Clarence? Who would name their child Clarence being in their mind?
‘Well, Dean, I… I do want to believe you. I do want to find out that you’re right and that everything you saw that day was true. But… you know. Your memory is cheating on you. You know, Jess is alive, and you were not in 9/11, and…’
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stared at her desperately. He listened to her, and he felt tears congesting in his eyes.
The girl came closer and stopped at the end of Dean’s bed, leaning onto the door of the closet.
‘Fuck you, damn you’re pervert’ Dean snapped and got up on his feet in a blink of an eye. He staggered back as if Cas was a venomous monster.
Sam calmed down a bit and sat on the bed.
Castiel’s covered cock was rubbing against Dean’s hip – so fucking hot and heavy. Dean couldn’t wait to have that cock buried deep in his hole. He spread his legs wider, as wide as he could without losing the contact between his hip and Castiel’s heavy dick.
'Wow. Didn't think we make it to the anal sex tonight' Castiel's words sent a hot wave against his skin. 'If you let me choose, I'd fuck you then. I like your ass and I want to use it for the good'.
Sam Winchester was silent for a while, and finally said.
Dean was incredibly tired. And he didn’t care. Everything that he thought was real was impeached by his therapist. Everything she told him was farcical to Dean. The only true thing in all that psycho theory was five stages of grief; Dean passed them all.
Dean used the moment of James’ mind wandering, grabbed his tie and pulled it closer.
‘Dean, your life is work, and we don’t see you often. Tell me, when was last time when we saw each other and it wasn’t you shift?’
‘Well, angel guy, I need a proof’.
‘No’ Dean said crisply. He didn’t look too assertive on his knees, through.
As a man, Cas knew nothing about what Dean’s life was, Dean remembered himself. He would never understand it, so no point in holding your breath, he was a regular asshole, just a polite one.
In a mere second Dean jumped to the door, opened it, and dragged Cas inside by the hem of his shirt.
'I got it' Dean said, though he didn't get it at all. He had only a vague knowledge about human body flaws that were not described in their holy texts. Porn showed that bareback was cool for both sides, but Dean had time to become aware about human porn being as realistic as human action movies.
Except for James Novak himself felt like he had supplanted someone. It wasn’t his life and he was wasting his time on succeeding in something he didn’t give a fuck for.
All that Dean did for his family. He was going to say goodbye, and he didn’t want to spoil it by making them adjust to his Debbie Harry look.
‘What?’
First before all, Dean found a real job (not for his gay purposes, just to quit pickpocketing). His vessel was a mechanic and his hands knew how to do the job instinctively. After his first paycheck Dean asked Jo if she was up to be his wingwoman in a gay club in exchange for a free drink. He wasn't the one of them two who really needed company. Jo was so sad after her getting rid of the fetus, and Dean didn't want the poor soul to befriend Jesus instead.
‘I’d like to fuck you’ Dean said, and Cas raised his brows, surprised. There was a shadow of a smile on those tender lips, and Dean cringed at a thought that Cas would start mocking him for that idea, but Cas just gasped:
Dean gave head like a pro, he had had many years of practice, after all. The cop enjoyed the process. But he apparently conceited himself to be a god of sex, and he moved Dean’s head away and ordered him to strip.
Castiel walked on by Dean, heading to his bedroom. Dean exhaled with relief when Cas was finally behind him, but some mischievous devil told him to turn around and to look at Cas’ tempting ass.
'You were too eager' Castiel responded honestly. 'There are not a lot of men who love to be fucked in earnest, and even those who do, they prefer to use condom. It's not... the most pleasant side effect of come in the ass, if you know what I mean. And it's not safe, by the way'.
‘I saw it. I saw everything that happened to you, except...’
Dean knew that he was going to screw it up, and he accomplished successfully. Cas would probably got disgusted to use the same bare mouth his fellow brother in arms had used a night before.
James laughed.
Creatures of his kind usually didn’t pick US as their first choice to incarnate. America was fun and had lots of entertainments but it came fitted with tons of restrictions. Those who wanted to blend in and take root chose Europe with its freedom of everything but hate, while fans of cruelty and iniquity enjoyed full pack of touristic attractions of Russian cities and third world countries. Dean just wanted to make fuss, so he chose the land which was packed with various sinners.
be, given the right incentive”, he said, turning back to his eggs. After yesterday’s events, he had gone with fried instead of scrambled. Better safe than sorry.
"I know that!" Dean yelled again, still crying. "But it wasn't Cass's fault either. And yet we're all here and he is over there. And we are not doing anything about it".
“Well, first of all, because there wasn’t much blood left to analyze”, she told him, defensively. “And second, because it would probably be wearing off by the time they passed. Whoever did it didn’t need those people blacked out for the whole night because eventually…”
Dean kissed him again over the sassy smile that was beginning to form on Castiel's lips. Cass kissed him back. What Dean was more surprised about was how easy this was, how natural it felt. For the past week, he had imagined how weird it would be to change his relationship with Castiel. He thought it would require a lot of getting used to and a lot of awkward moments and forced intimacies. But couldn't have been more wrong. Once they turned the key, the rest came easily as if they had done it many, many times before.
“There are things that don’t fit”, she finally told him. “It was a feeling I had since the first time I met Ben. At first, I thought it was a coincidence, or that I was imagining it… but after today? The ‘driver picks the music’ thing? I’m sure”
“I think you are misusing the term ‘groupie’” Cas pointed out, in that flat tone of his. Dean was already rolling his eyes beside him before he could even finish speaking “It is usually applied to young people who seek emotional or sexual intimacy with famous musicians”.
“You know. Driving lessons”, Jack explained, more unsure. After a second, it hit him.
“Very discreet”, Dean said, smiling against Castiel’s lips. “I can see where Jack gets his spy skills from”.
