“Alternative?” Tony bleated. “I’m not some twelfth man who gets substituted at the eleventh hour!” His heart was beating too fast.
Steve watched as Tony sat back down, hands hanging loosely between his legs as he leaned forward. “So, Thundercat, what are we expecting?”
Steve closed his eyes. “Do you love him?” It wasn't the question he'd been planning on asking, but it was the one he blurted out.
“Your AI said it was an anxiety attack.” Steve watched as Tony flinched away from them both. Bucky’s mouth went thin. Steve didn’t like Tony’s reaction either, but he knew Tony hated fussing. Especially when he was embarrassed.
“And you have no intention of trying to rescue your brother?” Crowley’s little lip-curl was nasty. “He won’t be able to function in the world again. He’s been Michael’s bitch for too long.”
“Buck!” Tony raced forward, dropping down to pull at Bucky’s arm. “Let him go! You’re strangling him!” He knew that he didn’t have the strength to actually get Bucky to let Steve go, but he wasn’t going to stand back and watch Steve die.
The moment they stepped through the end of the tunnel, the hoard that had chased them stopped. They just dissipated like steam. Tony stopped. “Huh,” he said, looking around. “That’s different.”
“Doctor Strange is a friend to us, Captain.” He watched Tony turning the cylinder over in his hands. “I am well aware of his powers. If he has offered to help then it is only to our benefit.”
Tony opened his mouth to whine when he looked at Bruce. Kind, loyal, constant Bruce who looked like he hadn’t slept in months. “Okay,” he said voice uncharacteristically meek.
Steve let the rest of his team pile out, instructed them to suit up quickly and meet back here in ten. “I assumed that’s why you called us in, sir,” Steve replied, clasping his hands behind his back. Thor, Rhodey and Vision remained with him, already prepared.
“Out with it, you tangle of over-juiced wires,” Tony told him, pointing a screwdriver in the direction of one of the cameras. “I know you have an opinion.”
"b-beefcake? what's wrong, sweetie?" tony starts leaning towards him and it's only then that steve notices how blown his pupils are. he rolls his eyes,- shit, he
"thank you. i do take pride in my surprisingly comfy biceps." this time tony actually giggles- giggles, and so what if steves heart melts a little bit. so what. "but i have to say, this party really bloody sucks."
he's still fighting with the majority of his generation in his head, when he feels a hand on his shoulder and then, not even a second later, a body slumped down onto his side. tony's grinning up at him.
"oh." how did tony know that? was he just making it up? maybe he was just really high and that had actually been the time he started sniffing crack. steve's mind rolled with conspiracies. he laughed at himself, realizing what he was doing. nerd.
it takes steve a while to reply with his own name, shaking the other man's hand in a ridiculously formal greeting, as his mind can't quite figure out where he's heard the name before. maybe he's just some hotshot celebrity, steve mused. could be why he expected steve to know his name. can't be as bad as the jerk who's probably having this party, though.
"stevie! stevie darling, let's go swimming!" he grabs steve's arm and begins dragging him- or what he probably thinks is him dragging steve when in actual fact is steve just walking behind him, smiling softly. as if anyone as small as tony would ever be able to drag him anyway.
bucky laughs as he tugs steve towards the hous- mansion. holy shit, steve can't believe his eyes because who even has that amount of money? there are flashing lights and loud noises and steve can already feel a headache coming on, and he knows that he isn't going to get out of this the same he left.
"we're 19, steve. it's time to fucking live. besides, you look hot. who knows, you might just get lucky tonight."
"my name?" steve rolls his eyes again- and god, he really does have to stop that- and replies with a nod. "o-oh, okay. uh, tony, tony stark- nice to meet you,-"
"i'm avoiding that." he chucks a thumb behind him in an explanation and the boy sighs. he sits down to steve, and holy shit, he's sitting next to steve.
tony swims over to the edge, doing some sort of ridiculous doggy-paddle that almost has steve aww-ing. he leans up the side of the pool and extends his hand, looking like some sort of merman. steve grabs it, and realizes a moment too late that this is actually happening, and he's gonna go home soaking wet tonight.
Steve smacked his hand away. “Stop fucking fidgeting and then maybe we can be done with this.” The steely-eyed patented ‘Captain’ glare was leveled at Tony. “God, you’re such a baby!”
“Laura will be even worse,” Pepper snorted. They all ignored the Quinjet in the field beyond the house. “She’s going to make you so sorry.”
The ride back to the tower was almost completely silent. Happy kept looking at them through the rear view mirror as though he was waiting for something to explode.
“Clint.” Natasha’s soft word had him clamping his jaw, breathing heavily through his nose. “They’re both idiots. We have already established this. Right now, we have bigger concerns than getting Captain America to admit he’s scared shitless.” Her lips twisted a little cruelly. Steve couldn’t remember her being this deliberately nasty to him.
“I’m the team leader, sir,” Steve said. “I will always put the safety of the planet ahead of our own. In this case however, nothing has happened yet. All we have is conjecture, bad internet information and some dodgy intel from strangers.” He sent an apologetic look  at the Winchesters. “I reckon the hope of Jane and Wanda discovering something is worth the risk of them leaving for Asgard.” He waited, watching Fury.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know, Tony. The guy in that flashy red and gold suit would have been looking for a fix already.”
“We’re trying to make a fresh start,” he said. “We won’t get far if you create more problems.” She was still so young.
Because he was a decent human being with a conscience that didn’t take advantage of a stupendously drunk person.
“Mr. Stark has collapsed and is unconscious in the living room, Captain Rogers.” The AI sounded unnerved. “It appears as though he suffered some form of anxiety attack.”
“Stop with the I told you so’s and come and rescue my ass!” The phone went dead and Tony peeled out of the driveway, heading for the Alpha Tau Omega House, which of course was exactly where his best friend was located.
“Capsicle, your Brooklyn bad-assness is showing. Did you kiss your mamma with that mouth?” Tony chided, but his eyes danced. Steve had missed him
Tony’s pacing grew more frantic. “Yeah, a time heist. Of course, why didn't we think of this before? Oh, because it's laughable?”
Tony put up a hand when Ross remained stubbornly silent. “Allow me?” he asked, not taking his eyes from Ross.
Tony watched Bucky do the same with Steve. “Maybe I have enough nightmares in my head,” Bucky said, simple and devastatingly honest. “Don’t need any more of ‘em.”
“We’ll be leaving you now,” Natasha announced. “I need a shower.” She poked at Bruce. “And god knows this one does too.”
Steve pulled his shirt off, kicking at his pants and boxers so that they fell off the end of the bed where Tony sat, still on his haunches. He glowed in the soft light of the moon shining through the big glass doors. Lit up as though from within. God, they were turning him into a fucking poet. Tony wanted to take so desperately, but they still needed to figure out some things.
“But I’m right here, brother.” Loki sauntered in behind Thor. Steve’s head turned so fast he gave himself jetlag. Loki was still standing beside Tony with that annoying little smile on his face.
However, he’d learned through several uncomfortable staring contests and one remarkably humiliating fire-man carry, that Vision watched him like a hawk and if he believed it was time for Tony to sleep, then Tony would sleep.
“What?” Tony breathed again, the beginnings of a full-blown panic attack digging its talons into his chest. “What?”
He didn’t know that voice, but the tone suggested that the owner of the voice knew him. He lifted his head with an effort. The face staring down at him was gorgeous, blue eyes wide with concern.
Steve got up then and walked over to where Loki and Thor sat. He crouched down in front of them. “I’m really sorry to hear about what happened to you, Loki.” His voice was very careful. Tony had never been more proud to know him. “I can’t give back what was taken from you, but perhaps I can help you to avenge it.”
“Just, uh.” He picks up the baggie, tucks it into his sleeve. “Just look out for yourself, alright? Stay on your toes.”
Steve disagrees. Morgan gets it. She’s twitchy, the way Tony’s twitchy. Zoned in on the cube, fiddling with the colours. She understands that Daddy isn’t coming home, even if she doesn’t know why. Maybe she’ll be happy now, her and Pepper. She’s a great mother.
“You take your time,” Sarah says. “But you’re not leaving until you’ve eaten everything. You have to eat everything, okay?”
“Steve, I’ve given you that the answer, it’s up to you to do something with it.” And then he laughs. “I was young, I was inexperienced,” he says honestly. “Anything that wasn’t just vanilla sex was interesting to me.”
Tony is still wearing his coat, picture folded inside the inner pocket. The light is too bright, glaring; standing out on the street, he needs to hold up his hand against the sun, hungover or blitzed out or post-nervous breakdown, whatever the fuck he is.
The alpha smears his saliva on his cheek. “You’re here to pay reparation,” he says, “because of your friend. The Captain. Do you understand?”
Steve snorts, doors opening up to the sky. "You might want to close your eyes for this." He says "It's gonna be bright."
“You were there, Stark. You saw what happened,” a frown creases Diana’s scarred face “it wasn’t quite in the plan. I suppose Gus couldn’t bear to let it go my way one last time.” She sighs, swipes imaginary lint from her new suit. “Ah, well,” she says “not much that can be done now.”
“You can – uh,” he clears his throat, looks away. How can someone so cold sometimes be so damn sweet? “You can call me Captain.”
He’s reading the paper, coffee in hand. Something about — an erupting volcano, mid-terms, corruption somewhere involving off-short accounts. Nice and boring, and typical. “Tony?” Sarah says, gently.
He walks him back against the wall. “I can have anyone, understand? Do you know how many fathers are tripping over themselves to contract their sweet little virginal bitches to me?
He slips. It’s cold, it’s really cold, and deep. He thought the water was clear, but everything has been stirred up, and now all he can see is mud and dirt and all the grit in his eyes. It’s cold, very cold and Tony can’t – he can’t remember how to swim. He kicks out wildly; there are no people at the bottom of the lake. There’s nothing warm here other than mud in his lungs. He twists, tries to find footing, but maybe there’s no ground, maybe he’s too short, or too far out, or –
The inside of the muzzle scents like the dusty, well-worn cover of Steve’s couch. The more he thinks about it, the heavier his head becomes. Pierce tells him to look at him, and he obeys, immediately; there’s so little space left in his head for independent thought.
He pushes through the throng of people blocking his way. “Tony!” Someone calls, and “From Stark,” says another, trying to grip his wrist, his attention, his ass. He makes a beeline for the small group that’s mingled around Steve, who’s blocked from view. “Excuse me,” he mutters, sliding into the circle.
“I’m gonna tell you. First thing he said to me when – Peter, you don’t understand what you meant to him. And I’m not going to – it’s been a long day,” Steve finishes. “You were his future, Parker. Look at me, Peter. Son.”
ass-up and silent. It’s not an omega thing, it’s a – Tony won’t shut up, and spends half his time trying to come up with new and cruel insults to snap at me over a table. So, in my head, I like to imagine him forced to shut his mouth.”
They really ply him during the interrogations. Drug him up first so his lips are loose and it’s harder to stick to the truth: this is HYDRA, and he is prisoner. Repeat it, a mantra, don’t forget it or they’ll catch you.
Tony doesn’t even know what the words mean. He tries to lean forward again to kiss his mouth. He thinks that’s what they want from him, and he’s so hot he wants to give it to them.
His foot crunches on glass. He looks down. It’s a beer bottle. Was this a beer that Tony drank? Could it be? The idea that he just crushed it pains him, like instead he should have preserved it, that thing that was once Tony’s, that once touched his lips.
Rumlow stops in front of a door, releases him. “I’m sorry,” he says, eyes cold, face – hard. “I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve this level of animosity.”
you.” Nebula fails to see how; the human is old, and weak. His mind is splintered. Nebula has faced worse and not broken like
Killian kicks it from his hand, harmless. “I don’t think so,” he says, dropping to straddle Tony’s waist. “Naughty boy. No phone a friend, From Stark, that’s cheating.”
Gus’ face darkens. “Captain, Diana has Ant. We’ve been down this hole for a long time, the sun has risen and now it’s setting again — by this point, she could already have him carved open.”
They don’t let him meet people in the lounge anymore, but his guests can always come to his solitary room. He settles himself in the corner to prepare. Who could it be? Natasha, maybe. Or Pepper. Hell, not Wanda again, fuck.
“Because we were – I don’t know, volatile?” He sounds so frustrated. “We would rub along against each other – “
so yeah. next chapter will be chill and happy, i promise. there will be lots of talking and understanding reached. it's kinda coming to the main business. i guess i should remind y'all that while tonky stark and stonky rogers are in it for the long run,  there's some dark shit ahead.
"Beautiful," Steve murmurs, pushing back Tony's damp, sweat soaked hair. "You look beautiful." He reaches around, carefully freeing the catch of the gag and dragging it free from Tony's lips. "Colour." He says.
“If they know you’re a dirty bitch, they start to think bad of us, too. Think we’re loose. They think I can’t control you.”
Tony groans. His head feels so full, fit to burst. He draws up his knees, digs his palms into his eyes. “Can you – can you call Steve?” He manages, and his legs give out, he slumps back against the wall, limbs like heavy weights. “I’m not feeling so good.”
Tony bows his head. “I’m sorry,” he says, not begrudging. “You’re right. At least is was painless. He wouldn’t have known.”
Tony knows Steve can only handle so much humiliation before he cracks. He doesn’t want his brains smeared on the wall. He suspects Pierce doesn’t care much either way. So he groans, lets his head loll onto his shoulder.
"It's not your job. It's your choice. You choose to help me because you're my dom and I choose to help you because I'm your sub, not because -- "
Pierce smells like lemons and shoe polish. Tony – grips his hand. “It’s fine, Alexander,” he hears himself say, only realising after he’d skipped formality and gone straight to the first name basis. “I trust you.”
Tony twists in the water trying to find his knees. "Can I help?" He asks, placing his hands on Steve's cheeks "Steve -- honey -- if you won't -- "
Rhodey puts out an arm, as if to stop him. “Don’t,” he croaks, but he’s crying too, and there’s no force there. “Too soon.”
Steve can’t seem to find it in him to dare go lower; any other answer is equally horrific. He exhales, heavy, through his nostrils. “Tony,” he says, softly. “I’ve hidden it. Can you look at me?”
“You didn’t know. So it’s alright. Now you do. I guess — I understand why Steve is worried. He invested a lot in me, you know, trying to fix me. There were days I wouldn’t leave my bed at all, wouldn’t eat or drink, would just lie there. He and Natasha forced me to live. I can’t say that was easy for anyone.”
The blue woman is pulling him, like you’d pull a child on a shopping trip, impatient, annoyed. “You’re the Avengers?” She asks, shortly.
Steve pushes off the wall, frowns, rifling in his inner pocket. “He wanted it?” He asks, casually. “Who wanted it?”
Tony narrows his eyes, smiles uneasily. “Sure, bud,” he says slowly, patting his arm. “You’re a little worked up, hey, I get it. I just had a cardiac arrest.”
But you wouldn't talk. You didn't speak a word until you were four, pushing five. By that point we were desperate. Howard was convinced you were a mute. I blamed myself. I was sure I had read something somewhere which said children who weren't loved enough had all sorts of developmental delays. Not a single 'mama' or 'daddy'. And when you did speak, there was the stutter.
And he’s crying. The wet on his cheeks is not rain. “It would be — “ his voice hitches, his shoulders clench, and he’s about to start sobbing here, in front of everyone, on this stage, with Tony’s body behind him in a coffin with a flag that is wet, and it is still raining, and his suit is soaked and his hair is soaked and the air still smells of ozone, the cameras are still trained on his face, his friends are still staring at him with pity, and time ticks on, and it is still raining. “An honour,” he manages once more. “Because he was my friend. And he was a great man. But — more than that, to me. A friend.”
Tony covers it with his hand, self-consciously. He’s not so sure that’s true, but he appreciates Steve’s lie.
“What is this?” Maria asks. “Some kind of… nordic ritual? You trying to send Tony to Valhalla, Thor?”
"Cockwarmer." Steve says, with just a hint of sarcasm. "Is that another thing we should put on the list?"
“Known? Known what? Steve, do you know what it’s like to have everyone just — leave you? And I mean, not have them forcibly wrenched away by — by some time spent in ice or a freak accident or aging or whatever. I mean everyone literally deciding that there are other places, other people, they would rather see. And I sunk — I sunk fucking everything into this project, Steve. Every fibre I had, I gave to the Avengers. And then you all left. I was happy. I thought — I don’t know, that I had someone who loved me? And friends. And I was making a difference. But you, you hurt me most of all, because you told me you loved me, and then you went. And after, all you could send me was the fucking letter, and you never called, and during the trials you didn’t try to reach out, and oh I know you probably had your reasons, that you couldn’t risk your team, which I understand, I understand that the good of the many comes first, but — but it hurt. You see? That’s all. It hurt me, Steve, real bad. Somewhere deep. And it still hurts. And no matter what kind of guilt driven help you think you can give me, no matter how many times you tell me you love me and force feed me till I choke, I can’t forget it. Because it happened. And I was never your first choice. I was never anyone’s first choice. Except maybe — except maybe Rhodey’s. And now he’s gone too.”
“That’s not an answer. Can you give me an answer?” Rogers asks, calmly. His eyes are cool. Tony has the instinctive response to look away, focus on his wrist.
But Tony sighs, lets his head fall back. “As it happens,” he grumbles, “I’m unlikely to ever have words with you again. And if you’re alive, and if – somehow, I don’t know exactly – this ship is ever found, and they bring this helmet back down to earth, you’ll see this. You might be an old man by then.”
Steve’s eyes look guarded, like he’s embarrassed to take the excuse so readily proffered. “I don’t sleep well,” he says, stiffly. “This is why I don’t – I’m sorry.”
Tony blinks at him, placidly. He hurts a lot. He’s also close to colony collapse of the brain; the muzzle filters in Pierce’s drug, constant, stops the flow of fresh air. He’s higher than a helicarrier.
He positions himself above Steve’s cock, lines them up. Carefully, gently, starts to lower himself down. Steve groans; his voice his tight, and high, fingers scratching on the floor, twisting in his own hair. He seats himself, fully, grinds his hips in short little circles, biting his lip to hold back; when he pulls up, he makes sure to clench, and –
“They’re good,” he says, drawing a line in green down his new sketchbook. “I never could have – you know. Before.”
Steve frowns at the mess, grips Tony’s hair. “Bad boy,” he says, forcing his face into, smearing him into the ground like a rag. He grinds him against it, then releases him to lick up the rest with his tongue.
So he writes a note and leave it on the table. Dials a number on his phone. Washes, dresses, and waits on the front porch. Gets in the car.
They get lunch at a bistro, and no one recognises them. “My mom used to take me here,” Tony tells Steve, absently, watching him chew a too-large bite of croque monsieur, chin balanced on hand.
Steve’s hug is crushing, but warm. He presses a sloppy kiss to Tony’s temple despite the fact he smells like sewage. “It’s okay,” he breathes, rocking them both “it’s okay Tony you just – those meds, those meds will mess with you. But you’ll get better, you’ll be fine.”
Steve is silent for a time while Tony rifles through his clothes. He was so sure he stashed his night pants here. Maybe in the other drawer?
Steve wishes his could see Tony’s face, read his eyes. His voice is inscrutable. “I don’t think so,” he says honestly. “I don’t think it’s the kind of thing he’ll want to bring attention to. Especially not since – well. There’s no hiding what he is, now.”
“And here he is, the man of the hour,” one of the alphas says, clapping his hands. “We were just talking about you, From Stark.”
They talk politics until Steve knocks on the door. “My God,” he says, taking a glass,“I used to think it would be honour to be greeted personally by the president but that man – that man is no Roosevelt.”
Tony pulls himself forward, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder, wrapping his arms around Steve’s. He can feel him go clammy, unused to touch, not quite sure how to reciprocate. “You killed my ex-boyfriend,” he reminds, gently.
“Of course not,” Fury scoffs, “just – that he might be mistaken. He’s in rut, Stark, he – well, he could rip you in half,” he says, bluntly. “There’s no such thing as no.”
“Shh, Captain, settle.” Natasha says, pressing one hand to his shoulder. “Just relax. You’re safe, now, 100%. We’ll talk more when you wake up, okay?”
Weren’t you at school? Didn’t you… I don’t know, what the fuck kids that age do. Play ball, and listen to records, and – “
Pierce smiles at him, fatherly. He pats his shoulders, smoothes his lapels. “Would you like to go back to the party, Tony?”
“Hmm. He had other things to be good at that took more time. You know he was writing a lot, towards the end. I’m not sure what. I would ask him. Every night, he was writing. When you were still in Wakanda, and after.”
“You want to kiss me,” Pierce says, voice low, quiet. Tony doesn’t even know if he’s speaking. He thinks, maybe the voice is everything. Maybe even, the voice is coming from inside of his head. “
“You,” Pierce tells him, gently cupping his cheek, “are going to be wonderful, understand? You won’t even notice. I promise, Tony – you’ll come to love it, this new world we’re going to build.”
But I didn't, obviously. I picked you up. And I held you in my arms. I would like to say that at that moment, I was freed of my hideous neuroses. That I finally saw you as my son and we bonded intensely over a moment's eye contact, mother and child. That didn't happen. But holding you -- holding you for the first time, as it happens, because I refused point blank to hold you before -- was like getting over a fear. You didn't bite. I didn't feel sick. You didn't crumble to ashes in my arms. You were just a baby, and I was your mother. And I had brought you into this world and I should damn well take responsibility for it.
He exhales, sharply, with a short whimper. “Is that alright?” Pierce asks, kindly, looking at him directly. Their faces are close. “That wasn’t bad, was it?”
The stew he’s been smelling for the past few days is thin and gamey. Everything is overcooked, and it’s thin, like water. It needs salt. If Nick notices his disgust, he doesn’t mention it.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, shutting his eyes. “Same.” There’s a headache thumping at the back of his skull. Pierce says more, about meeting times, and coodinates, and hailing HYDRA. Tony thinks, blessedly, that he can’t remember anything from last night, other than a revulsion at the thought of being touched, other than the fluids on his skin where they may have used him, other than – a face, sharp in his vision. No. No, that can’t be right. A hallucination. His brain imposing the closest thing to Steve on an otherwise similar face. Bucky Barnes wasn’t in this house last night.
Tony holds out the knife, warning; his good hand is shaking, still. Pierce laughs. “So what was it,” he asks, “you steal it while I wasn’t looking? Did you bat your pretty lashes at the soldier, is that it?”
Steve, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Rhodey, Pepper. They stand in a circle, watch as the coffin is carefully lowered to the ground.
“I didn’t realise Fury was looking out for you in that way,” Steve says, but he sounds slightly… approving?
The Soldier drops him, abrupt. Tony’s legs will not support him, he sprawls on the floor. The spell is broken. “I think that’s enough,” Pierce interrupts. “We don’t want to break him, do we?”
Tony starts slamming pots into the sink. “Fine,” he mutters “you’re right. Clearly I have nothing to worry about, right?”
Rumlow jerks his chin to indicate he’s understood, but Tony feels his eyes on his back the whole way down the hall.
I don't know how I want to be remembered. Will anyone remember me at all? Will I just be known as the woman who brought Tony Stark into the world? A footnote in your story? Maybe. I hope so. If there's a world where your parents are relegated to the first chapter of your life, where Howard is forgotten, if it's a world where you're so bright that you overtake every other star, then it's a world I don't doubt I would want to live in.
Tony thinks it’s a relief. A release. He flicks his eyes to Steve’s finally, and they’re red. Even though he sounds so angry, scents like he could kill, Tony’s never felt so safe. Never, not ever. “It’s been rough,” he admits, “since you left. I haven’t been the same. I don’t know if it’s – what happened, or the helicarrier, I just… all those months.”
“He is,” Pierce agrees. He blows smoke. Tony’s nose twitches; maybe it’s the study, or the cigarettes, or the slight hint of scotch on Pierce’s breath that sets him on edge. “What do you think of him, From Stark?”
“But I won’t leave,” Steve had said, mystified, desperate. “Tony, you age means nothing to me. Your health means nothing to me, as long as you try to make yourself better. I would never leave you again, I wouldn’t — I’ve been stupid, I know, I know, but not again. I’ve learned. I’m better now.”
And Steve grabs his forearm, pulls him back, hard. “Are you crazy?” He breathes “What the hell do you think you’re doing?! Tony your immune system has gone to shit, if you catch a cold – “
“Good bitch,” Steve is saying, curling his hands in his lap, inhaling sharply. He’s desperately trying not to grip Tony’s hair, he thinks, to use his mouth that way. “Jesus, that’s good. That’s it, baby. That’s it.”
Tony is still laughing when he turns around, leaning back against the barrier. “I’m not trying to be,” he smirks. Steve is just too easy.
“Be serious.” He orders, and he shuffles to where Gus sits, wary, careful. Gently, intensely aware of every brush of his fingers, of every touch of skin, of the hard muscle of Gus’ torso, he inches his shirt from his flushed, sweaty flesh.
Also, next chapter is going to be very gritty. Obviously, Diana now has Tony, so, ugh. Yeah, I mean, she's psychotic. So watch out for violence in that one. I'll warn at the top of the next chapter, too, but just in case.
NO!, the other voice blazes, listen to Steve, listen to how much he cares about you, can’t you see how worried they all are? They just want what’s best but they don’t know how to handle it. You have to hang in there, Tony, don’t kill us. Just hang in there, you’ll see, you’ll see it’s not so bad. You have so much more to live for, so much more to do.
“Tony,” he says, materialising at his side, flanked by Fury and Rumlow. “Thank God. I knew you would come.”
As usual, comments are amazing! Especially on the OC's, I love to hear on how you think they're flowing.
He’s whistling as he makes his way to the elevator, up the stairs. Fuck, he hopes Natasha hasn’t cooked. Not that he’ll ever say that to her face, it’s just she’s terrible. Soviet Russia, apparently, sucks the fun out of food.
“I didn’t think I was given much of a choice,” he replies, and he wants it to sound like a jab but for some reason his words are half-mumbled, and it feels more petulant than anything else.
“There’s a difference,” Tony tells him, and – if he hadn’t been aware of it – he wouldn’t have even noticed how willingly he responded to Fury’s question, easily, his brain
Tony thinks, hard. “He said that – he didn’t like it when I slept in your bed. After. After the party, a few weeks ago.” He doesn’t know why tells the truth, but it’s probably because it doesn’t matter.
He dips his head, then, to the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder, lathers the area with saliva that feels like molten lava, bites at his gland with teeth that – that –
The streets are still full of people, so they have to get cars back to the tower. Steve is stopped by friend’s of the deceased, fans, the crowd outside the cemetery gates now screaming Tony’s name, holding up placards and pictures. There’s a small, roped off group who are chanting obscenities. Murderer! Scumbag! Sellout!
Tony laughs, lets his cheek rest against Steve’s chest. He’s so relaxed, all warm and fuzzy. “Go on,” he says, “you know you want to. I can guarantee – guarantee – that it won’t even be close to the weirdest thing I’ve ever done.”
“Sure. Other things, too – not just money. There’s basic attraction, and contracts of allegiance, and protection.” Tony averts his eyes. “For the most part, though, alphery-alphas will snatch up the omegas. And for lots of other,” Tony sighs, because he’s boring himself, “socio-economic reasons,” he waves a hand, “alphas tend to be richer, too. So the omega gene is carried through the mom, and ends up pretty concentrated in certain circles.”
“I’m,” Tony swallows “I’m fine! I’m fine, just – ” his voice is high and reedy “don’t, don’t come in, don’t – ” crashes back into the island and knocks over the wine glasses, sending them cascading to the floor “don’t come in!” He pleads “Just – it’s fine, I – ”
He tries again, looking up at him through lashes, shifting apart his legs. Steve doesn’t look turned on; he looks disgusted.
They eat on the bed like teenagers at a sleepover. Not that Tony ever had any sleepovers. Or at least, any sleepovers that didn’t involve him getting fucked in return for material gain. They bitch about the vice-president and agree that he’s just waiting for one more scandal to seize the reigns, and they laugh about General Ross and pray that he’s one more heart attack away from dropping dead. “I don’t like Rumlow,” Tony says, poaching a fry, snapping it in half with his teeth.
He’s deadly serious, calmly rolling up his sleeves. Tony is – kinda turned on, to be honest. It’s hot, watching him defend his honour.
“Well stop forgetting,” Sarah spits, pushing him slightly. “You can be selfish sometimes, you know that? Next time, leave a note. Or wake me up. Or here’s a thought, don’t go at all.”
Steve tells Friday to have someone bring up a simple but big breakfast, and its Natasha who arrives at the door with two sandwiches with a chicken and mayo filling. “Can I see him?” She whispers, voice low. “Is he awake? I want to – “
It’s SHIELD, they’re having a party, they won… something, Tony is drunk, he’s high in the sky, and he wants to celebrate. The guy is young, younger than Tony would usually go for, but he’s built like a brick-shithouse and Tony is feeling sloppy. They fuck in the alpha locker room, and he rides the young guy on a bench. After, he tells him no pictures, no rumors. If he traces it back to him, he’ll be out of a job for life.
Steve tells himself, slowly. He should learn the name. Put the face to memory. Scared as it is, this is the boy who – Tony had said,
He knows Steve will be in the lounge, pencil in hand, sketching people and patterns into the new book Tony bought him on his business trip in Japan, the one with the absurd GSM and cream-laden pages. It’s a Friday evening; this is where Steve always is. Other alpha Steve’s age – they might go to bars, or clubs, or stay in watching TV with their sweetheart.
“Dating sounds childish. We were partners. Real, actual partners. We dated for three years, from around the first Chitauri attack right up to Siberia. After, he would tell me he still loved me. He said he wanted me to get better. He promised we would move away together, live in my old home in New York, but we never did. After I tried to kill myself for the second time he sent me back to the ward.”
It would be wrong. For him to go back in there. To give it all up, all the things he could be, all that potential. For what? To be happy? Sacrifice your last shot at freedom for something as benign and beige as happiness?
“Fine. Don’t trust him, Stark,” Steve warns, pointing his finger at him, furious. “I don’t trust him, he looks shady. If you want to go in there – “
Steve gets it, suddenly. Tony had said: Strange made Thanos spare him. The time stone for his life, because only he could master time travel.
Tony rests his head softly onto Steve's shoulder, stares up at the moon. It's the same one Diana would have stared at, all those hundreds of years ago. The same one Gus would have seen on the nights he stood here as a child. The elders, even, when they first lifted their heads to the sky, they all saw the same thing. Old and omnipresent, the same night throughout all the age. The light that would have guided all of them, once.
“I like the gag,” he murmurs, after a time. “I know you don’t. If we do this again – I promise you get to choose, next time. If there is a next time.”
A beat. Bruce claps his hand against Tony’s shoulder, shakes him gently. “No, man,” he says wearily. “We need you, right? Earth’s greatest defender. Can’t let you disappear without a fight.”
He ties off the end of the bandage, carefully pats his arm once, twice. “It was awful what that man did. I hear Rogers – what was it. Decapitation, in the end?”
“I don’t – oh. That guy. I don’t know his name, we met him before, last year, at the gala where I sucked you off in the lounge. He called me a whore, you made him – pay reparation.”
Tony nods, mouth still open. Steve pulls the first slice of tangerine and settles it onto Tony's tongue. "Eat."
"Good idea, Tony." Steve says. It's important to always affirm your subs choices when they're under. "Open up."
Tony feels nothing but sympathy for him, too many days locked in cell with higher-thinking gone and only pain for company. A longing for touch. “I’ll make it better,” he’s breathing against the side of Steve’s head, huffing it, “I’ll make it better, I’ll – “
During the day, he occupies himself with setting the little safehouse to rights. He works silently, while Nick does whatever it is he needs to do, often holding one-sided conversations on the phone with people Tony doesn’t know. They discuss SHIELD, and HYDRA, and what comes next. Tony likes to listen, even when Nick frowns at him, shoos him away.
I haven’t got help. Your father never got help. This makes us despicable people, Tony. There is nothing self-sacrificing in not admitting you have a problem. There is nothing poetic in struggling. There is nothing worthwhile about watching your son grow up in fits and bursts because you send him away to school, because you can’t bear to look at his face, because you don't want to see how you failed.
Tony clamps his hands over his ears. He tells them to leave him alone, he’s sorry, and next time he’ll be better. He’ll fix, he always fixes it, just leave him alone. If they leave him alone he’ll bring them back, rewind the clock. “I’m sorry,” he says, rocking back and forth. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry – “
Steve rolls his head to look at him. “Yeah, Tony,” he says flatly, jaw tight. “I had fun. Why don’t you just go, now?”
The boy’s shoulders are turned in, sloped. He drags his feet. Steve covers his eyes to hold back tears, and pulls it back dry; they do not come.
“You’re being too nice,” someone grunts. The man on top of him eases off; Tony arches his back, rolls his head. There’s a woman straddling his waist, and her nails are sharp. She grips Tony’s cheeks, scratches them down his throat until she finds his soft spot, then digs them into his nape.
“I thought you might still love me,” Tony croaks. “When you told me we could move together. I — convinced myself that it might still be okay.”
“Yeah, that’s not the weird part. He wanted to pretend I was his son, and he was my dad. And he had a diaper – “
This time, he dreams about sunsets and blushed skin and strawberries mixed in yoghurt. Pink-tinged and pretty.
Tony indulges it, because Pierce is an old man. “Please, remind me,” he laughs, accepting a champagne flute.
You remember the baby that died, Tony. That Christmas where your father tried to take you away. Did you know that it wasn’t the first? That you, in fact, are not my first child? Those trees, Tony, in the garden that you love so much. Those three trees. I never got around to planting a fourth.
“I can’t protect you,” Pierce says, sadly. “I can’t help you, Tony. Not while the Captain thinks you’re his.”
Steve’s throat is thick. He wants to be like Rhodes. He wants to tell Tony’s body that it’ll be okay, he wants to thank it. God – he wants to thank him. He never did.
“What kind of bitch am I to be salivating at the thought,” Steve says, eyes crinkling. “You’re lucky I’m a certain kind of man, not every alpha would take that kind of talk,” he jokes.
“But then he was. That’s pure Darwinism in action, Steve. He was born poor, and normal, and through sheer – talent, and some fucking charm, he made it to the top. The alpha-est alpha. And he snapped up my mom, because that’s how you establish yourself.”
He screams again. For a long time. Here, they don’t bother with quieting noises or patience. Someone injects him with something, and time fractures once more.
Steve is quiet, for a time. Then he says, “Maybe, if Harry hadn’t been allowed to do those things, he never would have become the person strong enough to…”
Tony sleeps then, real sleep. It would be easy to follow him. But Steve stays awake just that while longer, to make sure his ghosts stay away. Their ghosts, now.
Is he so obvious? Tony feels all that ugly rage bubbling up inside him. “I don’t need it,” he bites out, folding his body away from Steve.
“I was wondering,” she sighs, before she turns to leave. “I’m not — I don’t have anyone. No family here, I mean. I can’t afford to see my brother, or go home, so I was thinking — hey, why don’t you come for Christmas.”
Pierce sighs, takes back the phone. “Sorry,” he says, still stroking Tony’s hair gently, “he’s exhausted. I thought he’d be more coherent.”
Tony smacks away his grip. “You can try,” he shoots back. “You have a lot of nerve, touching me here.”
The pastor is still talking. Great sacrifice, yes, such a great sacrifice. A philanthropist, a man who gave so much to those who had so little. A man who realised the error of his ways and spent so many years trying to atone for his mistakes, an example to anyone that any act of goodness, no matter how small, is worthwhile. Is this Tony he’s talking about? Steve is trying to match up the man being described with the image of Tony passed out on a couch surrounded by a pack of beers, or smiling as he tossed a pancake, or humming when he wakes up, turning his head and looking at Steve with wide warm eyes —
option, I make you perfect. In every way. Physically and mentally.” He lowers his lips to Tony’s ear: “A clean slate,” he whispers. “A special dose, just for you. Ready to mould however I want you and – believe me, Tony, I
It makes him angry, but he pushes it away. He needs to keep his head in the scene, focus on Tony, what Tony wants. "So," Steve continues "do we want the blindfold or not?"
Steve’s lips brush his throat. Gentle, and soft. Tony relaxes. “Here,” he says, carefully coaxing him forward, away from his corner. “Slowly, darling. There’s no rush.”
“It’s a present,” Pierce says, gently. “A reward.” He sets it on the bureau, beckons Tony over, takes his hand and gently twists it palm up. Pushes up the cuff of his shirt. “You’re very docile, did you know that Tony?”
"Stop." Steve says "Don't, just hold on. Let me -- " Steve sucks in a breath. "Are you okay? Honestly, answer, are you okay? What happened, why -- "
“But if you let me do the things I do because it’s a transaction, not because you like it,” Steve presses. “Then I’m no different to him, really. Or any of them. Because I’m just using you, and you take all that awful shit, even if you don’t like it.”
The voice laughs, huffs, and then sounds, more than anything, of relief. “Jesus,” he says “I didn’t know where to find you. No one could tell me anything, there’s been nothing on the news — “
Maybe, Richards realises. “But I’ll do anything,” he begs. “I’ll pay reparation, really pay – I have money. I can – I’ll get on my knees to him. I’ll apologise, I’ll let him do whatever he wants – “
“Someone showed it to you,” Steve pieces together, gently, “and you were upset. Pierce found you, and he took you somewhere safe. Oh, God,” he breathes, and Tony hears him shift, maybe to put his head in his hands.
“You were a child the last time I saw you face to face. I should have made time, before,” he says, regretfully, “but you understand, I’m not really supposed to get involved with the day to day…“
Tony pillows his head on his arms at the foot of the bed, waits for Steve to enter. The sheets are soft, better than silk, the room’s air a constant neutral. When Steve walks in, he just about manages to drag up his head. “Ten minutes,” he says, approvingly. “As usual, your timing’s impeccable.”
Steve doesn’t tease him. He comes, and as soon as, Steve is pulling out his fingers. He’s still cupping Tony’s mouth when he smears them, indifferently, against Tony’s cheek.
But his wings flex once, beyond his control, knocking back into Steve, who just presses harder. “Oh,” Tony swallows his groan, curling his hands into fists. His shoulders tense, arching up like a bow.
“Yeah.” He smiles, uneasy, wraps his arms around himself. “I’m tired. I mean – I want to, obviously, I always want to. We can,” he adds, already regretting his spontaneous act of self-control, “if you want. I’m sorry, what am I saying – I come here, dead of night soaking wet, eat your food, pass out on you…” he lurches forward, to start crawling onto Steve’s lap.
It’s Steve who takes the call. Tony is walking with Mosely, and he doesn’t have his own cell. Sarah calls, direct to Steve.
Killian laughs. Tony is in control, though. This is his choice. He chose this. No one has forced him, put his name on a contract and held his hand while he signed, no one is tying him to a bed, no one is dangling a carrot in front of his…
Tony doesn’t say. “I’m here for you,” Tony says again, softly, “Steve. Steve Rogers, I’m here for you.”
And then he starts to cry, and the sobs are so loud and vicious Steve folds easily, onto his knees, so Rhodey can clench his fingers in his shirt and scream into his shoulder. It’s not fair, Steve thinks objectively. It’s not fair.
Tony dies two days later. A freak accident. They’re in New York for a statue opening, and one of the cars on the sidewalk is leaking gas. Some idiot flicks his cigarette butt to the ground. It goes up in flames. Tony turned to look at it, searching for an attack. He had laughed at the oddity of it, a small fire on the sidewalk. It happened in slow motion. Steve tells him to move back, and Tony steps closer. In that fraction of a second, Steve will never know if it was an accident.
“That’s very old-fashioned of you, Tony,” and Steve sounds approving. “Are you offering to move in?”
the added breed trauma. He’s a walking case of PTSD, and is more janky that an alpha in rut on a good day. We’ve practically served him omegas on a silver platter, and he’s tried them then sent them back, no compliments to the chef. And yet,” Fury pauses, “for some reason,
He’s brushing his forearm over his face, again and again, reflexive. Like he’s trying to push out bad scent, pollen. “Tony?” He groans, digging his hands into his eyes, “
You would have been told your whole life, don’t even look at assholes like me, we’ll stay for the heat and you’ll never see us again. And I don’t do contracts, or fancy reparations, or Ivy Leagues. My God. I ‘ve cracked it. I’ve cracked the fuckin’ code.”
Tony pulls back, and then moves back in, repeating, working his tongue over Steve's skin as he goes. It's getting harder and harder to hold back his orgasm, Tony's skilful tongue on his length, his clever fingers on his sac, his throat working deep around his cock --
Pierce tips his head to the side, looks at him. His thumb – wipes drool away from his chin. His bottom lip, thumbing it down. “I think, he isn’t good for you, Tony. I think you’re good, but I don’t think he’s good for you. Do you agree?”
“You know, though,” Pepper tells him, pointedly. “You always knew what you were going to do, how this was going to play out.”
And while he’s working, Tony thinks about Killian’s hands on his throat, and how certain he had been that he was going to die. But he didn’t die. Because Steve found him.
Instinctively, then, Tony raises his arms in front of his face to protect himself from further blows. He tips his head back and bares his throat. Then, he forces himself to stop cowering, to carefully curl his fists by his ears, licks his lip, and relax every muscle in his body.
He does, clearly. It’s not about the money, it’s about what it represents. And he can’t — he can’t do it without breaking someone’s heart, he realises. But he doesn’t know if he can be apart of the world the way they want him to be.
The familiarity she exudes now isn’t friendship, it’s politeness. There is nothing tying her to this team, nothing tying her to this building. Steve suspects that after this morning, they might never see each other again.
Steve isn’t smiling. He’s serious. And underneath the mild vestiges of fight, and the scent of irritation, there’s something thicker, darker. Maybe lust.
“They matter less,” he repeats. The cigarette is dangling between his fingers. He exhales smoke into his face.
Pierce leans forward and stubs his cigarette out in the tray. Tony flinches, stupidly, but Pierce doesn’t see. “You know,” he says, “it’s been gratifying watching you, From Stark. Immensely gratifying.”
Fury’s eyes track to a point beyond Tony’s head. He sighs, heavily, and sits up. “Okay,” he says. “No contract.”
as usual, comments are loved. should probably say -- this does have a happy ending. they start to sort themselves out in the next couple chapters. there's just some angst to crawl through first.
He hurts very deeply, inside himself. It’s very hard to stretch out an arm, pat along with plate, and clumsily collect some apple between his fingers. He gets tired mid chew. He falls asleep like that, apple spilling out across his pillow.
"I'm sure that could be arranged," Pepper teases her, kissing her head. "C'mon. Shoo. Time for the adults to talk."
“You’re not giving the orders,” he says, abruptly pinning Tony’s wrists to the wall. “Shut up, and take it.”
Tony has to turn his head away. There are tears burning the corners of his eyes. “I don’t want – “ he manages before his throat chokes up. “Can’t talk about this now.”
Steve nods. Tony doesn’t sleep, not straight away; he listens to Steve’s even breathing, his thick arms curled around Tony’s chest. He nearly killed Stone for a few bad words and one bad touch.
“You’re shaking,” Steve frowns, taking his hand. “Sweetheart, I’m sorry. I know this is hard. It’s not what I want. But in the long-run – “
“No, I’m being practical. I think, we get this tower up and running, make it central command. Or maybe somewhere upstate. Your choice.”
“Oh, Tony,” someone says sorrowfully, and they’re stroking his hair. Pepper, his mind supplies, that’s okay, Pepper can do that.
He thinks he might be really, really high right now. He can't tell if it's the head injury or the drugs but he's caught in a soft blur, the people around him talking and moving and him not really noticing any of it. He lifts his hand to probe at the wound on his head. "Ouch." He says.
“Good enough,” Steve says cruelly. “Say no,” he tells him, standing, gripping Tony’s nape in his palm.
They walk, a procession, until they reach the outer perimeter of what used to be HQ. There are ambulances, police, the stirrings of the military already arriving. They lay his body on the grass, and drape it with a sheet. Word travels fast.
“No, you don’t have to apologise. I know you — can’t help it, in a way. But pretend. For just a few days. And then we’ll leave, I promise.”
The man licks his lips. He says something, and Tony doesn’t hear him, even though he needs to, he needs – there’s a buzzing in his ears. “Look,” the man says, clicking the pen in his face, laughing, pushing the picture at him. “He’ll be so disappointed.”
“Because I was happy. I was so happy.” Tony turns back, and his eyes are glazed, either with the need to send himself away or the border of tears. “I thought I had everything.”
“I’m telling you I didn’t, and she wouldn’t let me. At all. I mean — I cover medical bills, I always have. You’re still under team insurance, did you know that? The medication comes with it, so she wouldn’t buy that but… I don’t know. Apartments in New York are goldmines these days. Maybe she sold up. You could easily buy a place this far in the middle of nowhere with that kind of money.”
Steve hears them through the walls; they hover outside his door. Bucky and Natasha, Wanda and Clint. They question if they should help him, if he just needs time to grieve, if this is something more serious. Steve hasn’t got the right words to articulate what this feels like, an absence of purpose, and absence of hope. The world could be burning outside his door and he wouldn’t care, because what does human life matter when it’s so fragile, everyone dies anyway, and all we live for are fleeting, short experiences that amount to nothing. Let the world burn, it doesn’t matter. Humanity is pointless as it is.
“Definitely,” Steve says with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. Pepper reaches for him, her hand hovering by his elbow. It looks, for a moment, like she might say something more. But then she pats him lightly and moves away, her heels sharp against the ground.
“No. I meant physically. I already told you, Steve, my stock was damaged. Lots of me was damaged. You can’t kiss every fucking scar, and you shouldn’t want to. I like you. I love this. But I’m not going to delude you into thinking I can give you what you want, because I can’t. Not emotionally, not physically.”
Beeping, buzzing – is he in hospital? A doctor tries to push water to his lips and Tony turns his head, stares at him from the corners of his eyes, where is he? What’s happening? Where is he now?
The nurse's fingers are running along his scalp. Maybe she didn't hear him? Tony opens his mouth to say it again. "Can we turn it up?"
“Not for you. Just – “Tony shakes his head, “in general. But if I’ve been a bitch – that’s why. I’ve just been tetchy. I cross lines, I say shit that isn’t funny.”
“Christ, Steve, I saw you with Barnes. I saw what you did to help him, and fix him, and heal him. You would have moved heaven and earth — fuck, hell, you did, you left us here as the first line of defence, you left Tony, the man you were supposed to love — “
“So Pierce is dead. And Rumlow. Rogers doesn’t do things by halves, does he? Not that I need to tell you,” he adds. “I hear Tiberius Stone is wheeling himself around these days. And Killian’s body is in a freezer somewhere, one head down.”
“I would like that,” Steve says simply. This isn’t a hospital; Tony was sectioned soon after they had done what they could do for his wrists. It’s also the best money can buy, although, like the doctor said, Tony doesn’t have much of that anymore. Steve is relieved to find that the corridors are wide and clean, the windows large, the beds cushioned with soft pillows and fresh linen. Tony is sitting in a chair – a wheelchair, Steve realises – facing a window, looking out at the dense trees. The window is locked, obviously, but still the sunlight ripples through his hair, splays on his skin.
Steve’s gait is almost too fast for him to keep up. He hears him wish the doorman a merry Christmas. In the elevator, there’s silence. Until Steve asks, quietly:
“Because I’m trying to take off my pants and you’re holding my arm like you want to tear it off,” Tony snaps. “Yeah, I’m nervous to fuck a guy in front of the top brass, who would have thought.”
The doctor appears relieved, like he’s happy to have avoided such an awkward situation. No one likes to be reminded of just how far Tony has fallen. “Would you like to see him?” He asks, smoothing over the sticky moment. “I can show you to his room before he collects his things?”
Tony grins and Steve pulls off the blindfold just so he can see his eyes crinkle. "I'd like that very much, Sir."
But Tony’s feet are already in the water. “Just a paddle then,” he says distantly, aching with a sudden intensity. He needs to be in the water, he has to be, why doesn’t Steve understand? “I won’t be long,” he says again, and starts wading in, water quickly up to his knees.
Tony ignores him. He’s learnt to ignore all of them. He hears Natasha say something, and Bruce choke. He hates them, suddenly. Hates that they still have each other, that he’s had to lose everything.
move,” he croaks, braces his hand on his brow, face creasing. “Because – fine, if that’s the way the cards are dealt, but he let him
“It’s not – there. I’m sorry,” Steve says apologetically, and he really, really means it. “I had your things removed, I had – the bed changed. But you can take it back, I know you loved the view. The view…” Steve trails off.
It’s the worst thing in the world to have Rumlow pull him up, offer to carry him, perfectly gentlemanly but – but laughing, behind his eyes. He shuts his eyes, staggers away, feels Pierce’s hands on his waist, on his shoulder. He’s draping him in his coat; that’s possessive, comforting, yes, but a signal, too. And like this, with Pierce’s scent all around him –
Black spots in his vision. He feels it, encroaching, panic and pain. He slaps his hands weakly into Steve’s shoulders, his face, tries to push him away. He –
“You ready?” Pierce says. Tony blinks. The sun has shifted in the sky. What had he been thinking about? He can’t remember. Minutes had stretched by, and he hadn’t thought of anything at all.
Tony turns on him, abruptly. “Who the fuck are you?” He asks, flatly. “Take a hint, okay? Fucking hell, if you’re still here when I get back, I’m calling the cops.”
So if you're still reading this (two years later) here you go! Thank you for taking the time to read it! And I'd love to know your thoughts!
“It’s different. They knew – and I knew, from a very young age – that I was going to be married off to someone for some kind of gain. Because that’s what the alpha-est alphas do to their omegas. They give them to other alpha, so they shore up their accounts, and their… rivalries, if you can call them that. It’s all very game of thrones, Steve.”
Steve shakes his head. “I’m not getting naked. Strip, or I’ll strip you, walk, and leave you to explain to the next tech passing through why you’re tied naked to a chair.”
Pierce smiles. He lightly thumbs at a spot on Tony’s cheek, and then leans forward, conspiratorial. “And what about Fury?” He asks, cupping the back of Tony’s neck.
Tony’s attempt to hide has disturbed the curtain blocking him; he hears how their voices trail off, and suddenly their footsteps are quiet. They’ve found him.
Thor’s warning is fresh in his mind. Tony would not be the same man if he was brought back. That it would be abhorrent, re-writing nature. But if Steve got to live, and Bucky got to live, and they were dragged past death kicking and screaming, why not Tony?
"Right. Well we weren't hardline, but it helped. It wasn't all the time, just -- sometimes I'd look over plans, and Bucky would sit by my feet."
Tony’s throat feels thick. His face twists, he throws the book at the wall and it smacks there, bounces back at the floor, lies with its pages open. “Fuck you,” he says, and then louder. “Fuck you! Fuck you!
Tony shrugs. “You just seem like the type. The way you talk about your family, I’d think you’d like your own. That’s all.”
“I know what it is to be afraid.” He put his hands on the podium, leaning a little forward. “Hell, most of the time I’m terrified.” He shook his head. “I did some very stupid things, made some very bad decisions that ended up with a hole in the world and more death than anyone should have on their conscience.”
“Steve.” Sam’s low warning came a moment too late as bloody tendrils twisted around his temples, magic shoving into him like a million knives. He shouted, arching up as Wanda tore into his brain, shredding love and memory in tissue-paper ruby.
Vision turned that merciless gaze to him then. “I would not betray my friend’s confidence to you just as I would not betray yours to him.”
Natasha and Wanda were given the pilot's seats. Clint...well Steve thought that Clint was possibly perched on the top of the Quinjet, sleeping with his head tucked under his arm like the hawk he was named for.
“I’m sure that’s what he thought when he wrote Mein Kampf,” Xavier replied. “And yet that is not how history remembers him.”
“Hey!” Clint hit the Quinjet thrusters. “Team player! Hold your fucking horses, Rhodes!” The whoop in their ears made Clint mutter that he was going to do something physically impossible to Rhodey.
“I apologize for presuming,” Coulson said, sounding anything but apologetic. “My concern was to get here as quickly as possible.”
Steve frowned down at Tony who was waving Bruce away with an impatient hand. “Something bit him,” he said with a sigh.
“We need to talk about how we’re going to handle the management of the Avengers,” Rhodey said. “You’re the defacto head now, but you said you didn’t want to be part of the team.”
“Nope, still happily hetero,” Rhodey said, keeping a firmly positive expression on his face. Tony could see the fear lurking beneath.
“I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true!” Bruce obviously hadn’t got the memo that they were messing with him. “Think about it: If you travel to the past, that past becomes your future. And your former present becomes the past. Which can't now be changed by your new future...”
“Stop thinking so hard, Stark,” Bucky muttered into his hip. “I can see the smoke rising from here.”
Tony mumbled something under his breath and Natasha’s eyes sharpened. “Really?” She quirked an eyebrow. Steve wasn’t sure but he suspected that eyebrow had actually killed before.
Dean’s glare could have leveled a city block. “I know where you sleep, Samantha.” Sam didn’t seem too worried.
“What did you do to him?” Steve turned his head at Natasha’s venomous hiss. She was glaring at Wanda as though she could drag answers out of her with her mind.
“Thank you, Captain Obvious.” Clint's eyes rolled hard enough to hurt. “I'm just telling you what your girlfriend is saying.”
Steve tried to focus on carrying Tony to his bed without tripping over his feet and breaking something a little more important than his brain. “Top Gun?” he asked. Tony’s pop culture quizzes were fun, but he thought that this wasn’t really the time.
Natasha met his gaze. “He’s alive.” It wasn’t an answer. Or perhaps it was the only answer she would give him.
“What are the stakes?” Tony wanted to crow his triumph. Steve was a product of his time and couldn’t resist.
Strange waved a hand, and Tony’s mouth clamped shut again. He was getting tired of this. “Perhaps you were not aware of the power you unleashed.” Strange took a few steps towards Jörmungandr. “If I tell you that the Collector handed over the Reality Stone to us in order to counter-act your spell, then will you believe us?”
Sam kept his head down, but Tony could totally see the grin on his pretty face. “I am a rock star,” Tony announced.
A tall man jogged out to meet them. He saluted Steve. “Captain Rogers, I’m Colonel Lee and am responsible for the security of the White House perimeter.” He looked chagrined at the fact that said perimeter had been so thoroughly compromised.
“I didn't want to be found.” Bruce's nakedness was really starting to be a distraction, so Tony turned around. Not that he wasn’t comfortable around another guy’s junk, but this was Bruce, his brother in all but name…and big green angry twin.
Steve sat in one of the armchairs facing the sofa. Loki listed to one side, leaning against Thor as though he was a boneless thing. “How can I help you, Thor?”
Her agreement came in a flash of green, apology stroking at his mind like the tendrils of the old weeping willow back home by the creek.
Did you see the Cap3: Civil War trailer? DID YOU? OMGGGG So many 2006-2007 feelings! I may have to go back & rewrite that damn story because it is just
“As long as they stay away from me, I don’t care where they go,” Tony said. He looked up and met Laura’s gaze. “Well, except for Clint. He can come here if Laura says it’s okay.”
“Well, listening to the story of what led up to your 'strategic retreat',” the asshole even did air-quotes. Tony
Tony heard a noise coming from the depths of the crevasse. “Is that them?” he asked, stepping back, abruptly afraid.
Laura Barton helped Rhodey with his jacket. “Nowhere else to be,” she said. Then flushed. “Sorry, Tony. I don’t mean to appear ungrateful.”
Barnes leaned against the doorway. “Do you know why they call me Bucky?” he asked. All three children solemnly shook their heads. “My full name is James Buchanan Barnes,” he said. “Captain America was my best friend when I was a kid about your age. He hated my name, said it made me sound like a fancy man.”
Steve just rolled his eyes. “Dumb it down for me, does the equation work?” He pointed to where Vision was standing, surrounded by Tony and Bruce’s gorgeous creation.
Suddenly Jim looked like the caged animal he had been while under Hydra’s control. “I can’t, Tony. I can’t see him. I’m not ready.” Even without one arm, James Barnes looked lethal.
Shame washed over Steve again. How had he not seen this perverse thing that Wanda was? She’d not changed once freed from Hydra’s clutches. Just like the operatives who’d been sleeper agents at S.H.I.E.LD., she’d merely gone underground, become the person, on the surface at least, they all hoped she would be.
Tony sputtered a startled laugh. “You’re absolutely right, of course.” They shared a smile. “He could be a bit of a prude.”
Steve stared at him. “You need to see yourself the way that I do.” He looked up and met Bucky’s gaze. “The way that
Tony frowned. The analogy didn’t really carry through. “I’m at my best when I’m…” Bucky gave him a gentle shove and Tony, taken by surprise, tumbled down onto the sheets. “Hey! Don’t abuse the genius at work.”
Tony looked back down. Steve wasn’t breathing. His blood was sticky and covered Tony’s suit. “He’s dead.” He said it, but he didn’t believe it.
Tony’s garden was as large and expansive as his personality. Steve and Bucky strolled in silence for a while, enjoying the last rays of sunlight.
“We’re not done with this conversation,” Natasha said. Why did everything she say sound like a death threat, Tony wondered.
“All good.” He waved a hand and tried to stand up. Apparently being squashed by the Hulkster generally left a little bit of woo-hoo-boy to get over.
“Dr. Banner is with Mr. Stark. Vision and Miss Maximoff went out with Colonel Rhodes to ‘forage for food’, I believe the phrase was.”
Tony had a moment to appreciate how delectable Bucky looked and then his words sank in. “That’s it!” Suddenly his calculations made sense.
Steve shifted out of the way to let Natasha, Sam and Clint come into the kitchen as well. The kitchen was a little
“Since when are you the voice of reason in this relationship?” Tony had whiplash from the about-face.
As distractions went, it was a doozy. Everyone started asking questions over each other and Steve sat back and watched his team.
“Hey, F.R.I.D.A.Y. can you scan the area for signs of the other Avengers?” He had a feeling that they'd be around sometime soon. He'd had a head-start but a nine hour nap had probably eaten into that time by a lot.
Tony shook his head. “Nothing, if I have anything to do about it.” He picked up his jacket. “Let’s hope this doesn’t take too long.”
Tony started laughing then. He laughed until he started crying and then fell into Steve’s arms as he splintered apart.
Steve watched Sam work with Bucky and Wanda. He hadn’t become as close a friend, but he was still a friend, a brother in arms. Pietro had attached himself to Clint, obvious hero-worship shining in his eyes. They had rescued the twins from HYDRA, but were still working on their trust issues. The fact that Tony continued being an asshole wasn’t helping.
“Were you planning on telling us about Heimdall at any point?” Steve asked, his tone dangerously quiet.
She shook her head. “I wanted to talk with you,” she said, sitting down on the huge chair opposite him. She drew her legs up beneath her, crossing her arms around her middle. “Perhaps you are wondering what made me speak to you on the jet?” She tipped her head to the side, watching him.
Steve shook his head. “I have no idea what I’m going to say to him,” he admitted. He’d stopped thinking about Tony once the ramifications of Bucky’s return had hit him. It was easier to focus on Bucky than on Tony’s betrayal.
Tony struggled to sit up and Bruce poked one finger into his shoulder, causing him to collapse again. “I heard,” he insisted. “I just don’t…”
Bruce stepped around Tony, patting his shoulder with an absent hand. “Don’t mind Tony, Tasha, he’s a little over-protective, but he means well.”
Steve wanted to vomit. He was shaking without realizing it, until Natasha crouched down in front of him. “This isn’t the time to crack, Rogers. Pull it together.” Her voice was hard, her eyes harder.
Bucky shrugged with a smirk. “It wasn’t something we talked about back in our day,” he admitted. “But we still managed to get the job done.” He said that with entirely no irony. Tony was in awe.
Tony saw Loki hurry to catch up to Bucky. The god of mischief was clearly up to something. “I’m gathering by that remarkable display on the jet, that you are open to more…fluid relationships?” Loki sounded hopeful.
Rhodey froze. Steve held up a hand. “No.” It was only one word but he was happy to see Rhodes obey immediately. It was a work in progress but they were getting there.
“For the journey to the next dimension, of course.” Strange spoke as though surprised. “No-one else can do this.”
“Thanks, man.” And Clint drifted around for a couple of days, a shade of his former self. Natasha would catch Tony’s gaze, her own as helpless as his. Only time would heal that gaping hole.
Tony rubbed at his chest. His heart was much healthier these days now that the palladium poisoning and its accompanying arc reactor were gone. His heartbeat sped up. “I’m really not feeling the love here, Doc.”
Sam leaned his head back. “I guess it all depends who Bucky is now.” He’d seen the damage the Winter Soldier had done. Both to the world and to Steve.
“You know you always have a place here, right?” Tony forced Clint to lift his face, meet his eyes. “Always.”
Tony met his gaze. “I am. It was never going to be a permanent gig once you all came back,” he said. “I’m too old for the superhero business now.”
Tony looked over at Barnes. “Do you even remember them?” He was curious. What HYDRA had done to Barnes was monstrous, evil in a way that even Obie hadn’t ever managed to achieve.
hot,” Clint said. “I’d like to keep my lunch down.” He skipped out of the reach of Natasha’s foot and promptly smacked his head into a shelf. Nobody even pretended not to laugh.
Tony took the glass that DUM-E was offering him. “What is it?” he asked, peering suspiciously into the contents.
“So you can't lie, but you can keep secrets,” Natasha noted, a bitter edge to her tone. “Good to know.”
“You can call me Mr. Rogers,” Steve replied. Tony snorted, and Steve rolled his eyes. Decades, and that idiot still laughed at his name.
Steve stared at where Bucky had vanished. Of all the scenarios that he imagined, Bucky running after Tony Stark instead of staying with him had not been part of the equation.
What the hell? Tony wondered how he’d managed to fall into a world that included exorcising demons as table talk.
“Everyone thinks you’re the nicest of all of the Avengers.” Tony pointed a finger at him. “If only they knew what a colossal dickhead you are.”
“We both know that you can leave the army, but it never leaves you.” Bucky's words made Steve look at him in surprise.
“I detected a reference to the death of Mr. Stark’s parents,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “It appears that their death was not accidental.”
Steve felt a hand curl around his and he looked down at Natasha. “He’s so sad, Steve. So sad and angry and wounded and, oh god, I think we’ve lost him forever.” The hitch in her voice had Steve pull her in close, wrapping his arm around her.
Fury paused before he answered. “You’ve always been the leader of this motley crew, but without Stark, we all know that something is missing.”
“So what's the next step?” Steve wasn't going to push. He was willing to move at whatever pace Bucky wanted.
“Right.” He straightened. “Off to save the world, then.” He reluctantly left his suite. Left Bucky and Steve snuggling, actually snuggling, in his bed while he had to go and science. This Avengers gig was really starting to eat into his sexy times.
Tony dropped his head back to lean against the glass. He levered his hips up, arching his body so that his cock was practically burrowing into Steve’s hard stomach.
“Buck. Shut it.” Steve had apparently had enough. “We’re in Hell and you’re picking a fight with the Devil.” He pushed Tony forward, into the dark.
Steve watched the numbers counting down on the elevator panel, drumming his fingers impatiently. When they swished open on Tony’s lab floor, he was moving before the elevator had even stopped.
Steve rubbed his eyes. “I really did.” He didn’t watch them leave, choosing instead to wander back to the open doors that led to the garden.
He wondered what Tony would do if they came back, handed themselves over, begged for forgiveness. Not that they could. Thanks to the actions that Steve was solely responsible for, Wanda, Clint, Natasha and Scott were wanted criminals. Clint had kids. So did Scott. They had women who loved them. And Steve had taken them with him like a tsunami, uncaring of the consequences.
“You're Steve,” Barnes said. “I read about you in a museum.” The shadows beneath his eyes were dark and sunken. Fuck, Tony thought. I can’t hate him. He’s just a kid who had basically been mind-raped for decades.
It gave Tony a thrill, hearing Steve say that so openly. So clearly, with no possibility of misunderstanding. “I’m a loveable guy,” Tony agreed, trying for casual and failing.
“Nat, Natty, Tasha,” Tony warbled, beaming at her. “Have I ever told you that you’re fucking gorgeous?”
Steve flinched. “You’re completely right, of course, Thor.” He leaned forward. “Loki has done nothing this time around to suggest that his motives are anything other than pure.”
“I was just getting started.” Bucky bit Tony’s lower lip, holding it between his teeth. Steve tried to remember the things Bucky had told him about when he was with a girl. If Bucky had learned this before…or if he’d been taught after…
It swung open before he could even knock. Vision stood in the doorway, blocking the entrance. “Good afternoon, Colonel Rhodes.”
“He’s done some shit that you hated, right?” Steve put his mug down. “Disappointed you, let you down, made you mad?”
“Please God tell me that Natasha didn’t cook?” Tony remembered the last time that had happened. He’d been admitted to the hospital with gastric poisoning.
Steve sighed. “I don’t think sending half our team off-world is the wisest decision, but if you all think it’s for the best….”
Tony’s eyes narrowed at Bucky. “So you just sat there watching us all sleep?” He shook his head. “Nothing creepy about that
“Why not?” Coulson tipped his head to the side, considering Tony. “Nothing has changed apart from the reports of my death being greatly exaggerated.”
“Just so you know,” Tony said as their breathing slowed and they were drifting off. “When you ask? I
Jane shook Sam’s hand with the same enthusiasm she did most things. “It is seldom that I meet a man with a stature so near to Thor's,” she said.
Crap, Tony thought. Now he’d have to deal with Steve’s hurt feelings too. How to handle this without doing too much damage to this new and fragile thing they had.
Tony battered at his tablet, cursing progressively louder as he received no response. “Someone’s disabled F.R.I.D.A.Y.”
“And yet I did,” Vision said. “I have found that humans often act in ways that betray their deepest subconscious.”
“Nope,” He let the ‘p’ pop in his mouth. He liked how Tony’s eyes went even darker watching his lips. “Just enjoying the show.”
Tony shook his head, waving towards the bed. “Get it warm for me so long.” His lecherous eyebrow-waggle was almost cartoonish.
Tony’s laugh was sharp and bitter. “He’s an artificial intelligence powered by one of the most powerful things in the universe. Who’s going to take him on?”
“We don’t know who you are.” Clint stepped in front of Tony, putting his body between Strange and Tony.
Tony looked around him. “Guys, I’m very keen to get this show on the road, but I honestly have no idea of how to go about activating the formula.”
Thor sighed. “Heimdall has already told us to remain here. He will send as many of our people through the Bifröst that he can before he cuts us off forever. It may buy us some time.”
“Oh my god,” Rhodey’s eyes were wide with horror. “Why is it always me that has to deal with your kinky shit?”
Vision shrugged. “I do not have emotions as humans do. Desire is not a thing that consumes me. The Mind Stone is safe within me.”
“I believe the term is bisexual, Tony,” Steve remonstrated. “I didn’t think you were the sorta guy who tried to fit people into a box.”
There was a moment of silence and then Tony chirped, “Gumdrop! I told you I was fine. Don’t be such a worry-wart!”
“Well, that sounds like a lot of paperwork,” Steve said, his sly humor creeping in. Fucking finally, he lowered his shield. “It's good to see you, Tony.”
Bucky’s eyes closed and he let out a breath Tony hadn’t realized he was holding. “Okay,” he said. “That’s good.”
“But I might need them for something!” Tony protested. And he might, dammit. But now the point was moot because they were gone.
Loki shrugged, propping his feet up on the table and throwing back a large gulp of beer. “I wanted your attention.”
“I think that’s hilarious,” Sam said from his chair. “I don’t think your boyfriend has got the memo that you’re a badass crazy assassin person yet.”
“How do you propose to do this, Captain?” Thor asked, hand resting on the hilt of his hammer. “It could be perilous to submit Tony to either the venom or the stasis pod once more.”
“Thank you, kind sir,” she replied primly as she carved one half of the body of her many-legged foes from the other.
I am so, so, so sorry. This has been sitting on my harddrive for months and I had an operation and then recovery and then work crap. It's over for now. I still need to prepare myself for Endgame.
“You thought only of your friend.” Wanda wasn’t looking at him now. She was staring intently at the screen. Red swirls of light wound around her arms and hands, restless snakes of power that appeared eager to be used.
“I meant your plan to destroy your dad and his family, but the beginning of the universe works too.” Tony crouched down when he spotted a strange raised mark on the ground. He touched a finger to it and it snapped at him. He flew back as though something had punched him. He thought he’d possibly broken his coccyx when he hit the back wall. “I hate this place,” he informed the world in general as things in the wall sucked at him, holding him in place.
Then she began chuckling and leaned into Bruce. He uncurled enough to wrap an arm around her, tugging her closer.
Finally, the light show stopped. Clint carried on writing for a moment more, frowning and scratching out as he wrote.
Thor shook his head. “If it is as I fear, then we are going to need all of our strength and wiles, Captain.”
He watched Hulk plop down on a fallen tree. The tree would have been screaming in pain if it had still been alive. Tony wondered about that whole “if a tree falls in the woods” thing.
“I was terrified,” Steve admitted. He met Tony’s surprised gaze. “Bucky was the only link to my past and he appeared to be a murderer. In the eyes of the world, he was.”
“Bucky is someone who knew me when I was a scrawny kid with asthma who never backed down from a fight.” Steve wanted Vision to understand. “He loved me before I became Captain American, not
Satan didn’t look so scary there in his light blue shirt and grey pants. He was about Tony’s height with dirty blond hair, a strong jaw and bright, laughing eyes. “How do you know my name?” Tony asked.
“Jane!” Tony leapt to his feet and ran to hug Thor’s…Thor’s. Jane Foster was possibly the only person other than Bruce that Tony considered an intellectual equal. Plus she was very nice to look at.
“But Ms. Maximoff escaped along with Captain Rogers and the rest of your team, not so?” King T’Challa raised an eyebrow. “Surely this was the act of a fugitive.”
“Yes” It appeared as though both Thor and Loki were men of few words today. That was probably the most alarming thing of all, Steve thought. The Asgardians tended to be loquacious, and their short answers were signs of their stress levels.
Tony bent to his task, quickly immersed in the wires and circuits that let the world fade away, even if just for a while. He was just finishing up, praising his own brain, as usual. Joining the last few bits that would make Jim’s arm the most amazing thing he’d ever created.
“What?” Clint muttered, scribbling as fast as he could. “That’s just…” He ignored the barrage of questions from the rest of the team and carried on writing, looking up, again and again, asking Atlantis to repeat something occasionally and then shaking his head.
Tony kept his hands to himself, obeying Steve even though neither of them was looking at him. He lay back and enjoyed the pleasure of watching Steve and Bucky discover each other.
“I’m not a casual guy.” Steve met Tony’s dark eyes. “I can’t be casual about this.” He swallowed hard. “You and Bucky, you’re set up differently to me.”
” Tony still wasn’t sure what was so wonderful but he’d take his compliments where he could get them.
Michael leaned his head against the bars, closing his eyes. “You should leave,” he told Tony. “You won’t have much time.”
Tony allowed Steve to tow him out of the lab for the second time that night, this time to the rhythmic sound of Bruce banging his head on the work desk.
“Is there anything about how to kill it?” Coulson asked, ignoring them. Trust Agent to get to the heart of the matter.
Tony glared at him. “Telling me how I should feel, Bruce?” he sneered. “Well I guess I’m okay with being the bad guy.”
wanted to. But he’d already made so many changes to what was coming that he panicked at the thought of what else he would mess up.
Tony frowned. “Why don’t we just do this the easy way?” he grumbled, tapping at the bracelets at his wrists. The armor slipped over his body like a well-worn skin. He pushed off the stone, flying over Bucky and Steve and hovered in front of them. “Wanna take a ride?” he asked Bucky with a hand held out and a wiggle of his eyebrows.
Thor shrugged. “Loki knows more about the Infinity Gems than anyone else I know, apart from our father. If he says it, then it must be true.”
Pierce looked at Natasha, “Unless you want two inch hole in your sternum, I'd put that gun down.” She didn’t. Of course she didn’t, Tony seethed. “That was armed the moment you pinned it on,” Pierce told her. They both lowered their weapons, and the video cut out.
Tony gave a mock shiver. “Ooh, I love it when you get all Captain-y on me.” Steve went bright red. It was
Tony didn’t like the sound of that at all. “Are you expecting a lot of protecting will be needed?” he asked as he followed the Frost Giant. The stairs were surprisingly not slippery. Strange took up the rear.
“You should ask him about it the next time you see him,” Vision said, watching Steve closely. “I think you may be surprised at the answer.”
“I’m going to spend the rest of my life showing him.” Tony sounded determined now. He turned then, draping his arms over Steve’s shoulders. “Just like I’m going to show you.” He leaned up to kiss Steve. It was a thing of purity. A touch of innocence. It tore something open in Steve.
“What for?” Natasha asked. “Doc and I were never going to work anyway. He was always in love with his Betty.” Her tone was neutral and Steve was frustrated at not being able to read her.
“About what?” Bruce asked. Steve stumbled into Tony as he reached him. “Steve?” Bruce raised an eyebrow. “You look…flushed.” The little smirk left no doubt that F.R.I.D.A.Y. had been tattling on them.
Shrugging while lying down just didn’t have the same effect, Tony thought. “Eh, as if your life has been so normal.” He watched Bucky’s face shut down. “Hey, no, don’t do that,” he said, lifting his other hand to push Bucky’s hair away from his face. “I’m thinking half-glass full about your sojourn as the world’s deadliest assassin.” He tugged on Bucky’s hair. “And don’t tell Nat that I called you that. She will
Thor and Loki were slumped against each other on one of the sofas. The dark circles under Loki’s eyes told of a sleepless night. Steve ordered his treacherous brain to stop thinking of why he would be so tired. Tony’s wicked mind was obviously a very bad influence.
“Sir,” JARVIS sounded concerned. “There is a great deal of information that has been uploaded onto the World Wide Web.”
“And you think that this…” Sam waved his hand at all of them. “That this is going to make a difference?”
Thor made a startled sound, sitting rigidly as he watched her float towards Loki. Tony smiled. Yeah, Captain Blue Eyes got this one right too.
“The Collector is an immortal being who is extremely powerful,” Loki told him. “It would be very unwise to attempt to take anything that he has collected.”
“Bucky, we’ve not spent much time together and you don't actually know me, but I’d really appreciate it if you could get Tony a glass of that whiskey over there.” Bruce pointed to the bar.
“Oh no, Sammy, you don’t look at her.” Clint clasped his shoulder with a firm hand. “Unless you want life as you know it to end in blood and tears.”
Thor frowned in confusion. “But I thought….” Jane stood on his toes with a very sharp heel. “Nothing!” he yelped in a high falsetto. “I was mistaken. I know not of what I speak. I must have imbibed of too much wine!”
Tony couldn’t resist kissing him again. “Whoda thunk it?” He smiled against Steve’s lips. “Captain America, Closet Romantic.”
“But why?” Wanda asked. “You killed my Pietro. Why would I choose you to replace him?” She tilted her head to the side, staring at Clint. “Not one of you is worthy.”
“What?” Steve stared at him in confusion, twisting the arm of whatever-the-hell-that-was so that it crumpled at his feet.
“I’m fi…. Ow!” It was Steve’s turn to be on the receiving end of Tony’s glower. “Seriously, are you trying to break me because I managed to get home in one piece?”
Sam looked skeptical. “Hey, it’s me.” He tipped his head towards where Tony and Bucky were sitting. Tony had slumped against Bucky, mouth slightly open and snoring. Steve refused to think of it as adorable.
“I love him,” Bucky said, simple and devastating. “What makes him happy, makes me happy. You make him crazy, but also very happy.”
“You can’t blame yourself,” Tony insisted. He tugged at Bucky so that he dropped down, tucking his face into Tony’s neck. “My company created arms that have killed thousands. If I think about it too hard, I’d never get out of bed.”
It was sort of hilarious, Tony thought. He was in unchartered water now, nothing of this had happened in his previous timeline. Could something as simple as telling Captain America that he had a heart-boner for him be the reason for such a massive shift in his timeline?
Natasha nodded in reply. “I called Bruce,” she said. “He was going to let the boys know. And check on the status of the hold that Set had on some of the folks they removed from the President’s service.”
“Okay, so, as Bruce said, it’s all theoretical right now. Unless we get the Reality Stone, we’re doomed. There,” Tony declared. “I can’t dumb it down any more.”
“Helping Bucky?” Steve was still so pissed at Tony for not telling him about Bucky, but if he was helping him…
The panic became a tidal wave racing through Tony’s body. Steve was giving up. Steve was leaving. Steve was….
Coulson’s impassive mask slipped a little. “To be honest, my recovery was touch and go, and by the time I was capable of coming back to work, well, things had changed.” He sighed, lifting his arm to show them an artificial hand. “A lot has happened.”
“Steve and Bucky were worried.” Those green eyes were unwavering on him. “They wanted me to check up on you.”
“General Ross is no longer a general,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. advised. Tony wondered how to duct tape an AI’s mouth closed.
Tony stroked his hands over Steve’s shoulders. “As are yours.” He leaned back into Bucky. “You signed up to the Avengers Initiative to make a difference, to save lives. It’s part of who you are.”
“How should I know?” Steve muttered. “I'm just the horse at the water. The drinking hasn't happened yet.” He glanced over at Tony. There was no movement, only the soft beeping of the monitors tracking his health.
“Pepper and I bumped into Bruce and his secret girlfriend at Fury’s and they invited us to join them.” Rhodey sounded a little less frantic now that he knew Tony was on his way. “I don’t remember much after the vodka shots started.”
Xavier was staring at him with all-too discerning eyes. “You know something,” he said. “More than you’re saying.”
“Well, well, I know this road,” Tony mused as he paused on the video. He straightened. “I know that car too.” Steve closed his eyes, braced for the betrayal. “It can’t be,” Tony whispered. “Is that him? Is that really Bucky Barnes?” He didn’t sound angry.
a few hours later, and steve is almost falling asleep in the garden of the mansion. everyone else is inside and there's screaming and yelling, and bass that echoes through the whole house. steve would pray for his neighbors, but being so rich the neighbors are probably at least a mile away.
"no. not really my scene." the man hums in acknowledgment, and before he can open his mouth again, steve interrupts. "what's your name?"
"please, stevie. you're hardly the type for anything at all. you should feel lucky that i'm your friend, how else would you ever possibly socialize?"
"okay, okay, you got me." steve grins in something of an answer, and he isn't sure where this sudden confidence has come from. it's rather confusing and if he's completely honest, sightly disorientating. "you don't like parties?" the hot dude asks, and steve shakes his head in an answer, mouth set in a tight grimace.
tony laughs, and it's so cute steve actually blushes. "no, actually. your shoulder is surprisingly comfy for someone with so much rock hard muscles." steve grins. "although the beer
steve's attention is back to tony when suddenly the man takes the half-empty beer from steve and swigs the whole thing down in only a few seconds.
the dude sound surprised that steve isn't inside, and steve almost rolls his eyes. no matter how hot this dude might be, he clearly isn't very smart.
but he splashes in the water and it's like those thoughts are gone. all he can feel is the water and maybe a little bit of a high, and tony. he can feel tony. tony's hands are gripping his shoulders and then lower and they're in the shallow bit but tony's still clinging to him as though he's going to drown if he dares to let go. and maybe steve likes that.
it takes them about 5 minutes to actually reach the pool, which is ridiculous because who makes a swimming pool 5 minutes away from their house? when there, tony suddenly stops.
