“Yes.”
“Well, yes, but does that mean I’ll get new music?”
Sherlock and John deal with a tricky case that makes them even more grateful for Rosie...
“The descriptions match.”, Greg replied.
John remained in the kitchen and Rosie and Sherlock were upstairs, so it gave Molly a chance to show the other two the picture she had quickly snapped that morning, and they told her about how John had rejected an attractive blonde’s advances and then had proceeded to go straight to Sherlock’s side.
On the rare occasion, where John was working, and no one else was available, Sherlock would step up to his role of Godfather, and look after Rosie for a few hours during the week. He actually found it fascinating to look after her, due to her being so young and still developing and learning.
John took full hold of Rosie, who had paramedics rushing towards her and said, “Go be Sherlock Holmes.” He pecked John’s lips and kissed the top of Rosie’s head, before he began careering towards the building with Greg hot on his heels.
"I know... At least she doesn't take after me, though. That would have been a disaster.". John chuckled, as Rosie calmed down, due the arrival of her Father.
As much as Sherlock protested about being made to sit and watch Harry Potter, he actually got into it. Over the next few weeks, Sherlock began to read the books to Rosie, at bed time, despite her being able to read them by herself. And he even insisted on everyone taking the Pottermore quiz, to determine which house they were all in. Sherlock got Ravenclaw (which he was pleased about). John got Gryffindor (which Sherlock seemed to think was obvious). And Rosie got Slytherin. They were only short a Hufflepuff to make the complete set, however, Sherlock suspected Molly would be a Hufflepuff.
"Oi, Watson!" "Uh, yeah, sorry Mike, you alright?" "Yeah I was just thinking...hadn't seen you in a bit and, listen, I've pretty much given my flyers to everyone here who wanted them, should we move on?"
Ah. Just what Sherlock was hoping for!
"Did I really save your life by taking you to a crime scene?"
As soon as the door closed after her, John rushed over to Sherlock, checked his pulse, his pupils, all while Sherlock tried to swat his hands away and giggling and then went to fetch him a large glass of water and forced it on him. Sherlock got most of it on his shirt because John might have been a bit TOO forceful but at last the water was gone (one way or the other) and Sherlock garbled “Jawn..JAAAWWWN calm dooown! ´t was jus a bit of fun, no cocaine, no worries, never again, never again Jawn, promise!” John sighed deeply. At least he was still fairly sure Sherlock would keep THAT promise, and from the look of it, Sherlock hadn´t had any other drugs in months, too, or he wouldn´t have been so affected by a joint, however good it was. He´d seen many men in the army enjoying themselves with a bit of dope occasionally, and, to be honest, he sometimes had joined in. After all, the stuff was cheap and good in Afghanistan. He knew it wasn´t exactly morally…good, but sometimes it was just nice to have a little out for a few hours. He decided to give Sherlock his lecture later and get him into bed for now, but when he tried to get the lanky man up from the sofa and said “fine. But to bed with you now Sherlock, sleep it off, I´ll be looking after you!”, Sherlock flat-out resisted, made himself go limp and heavy and whined “but noooooo Jawn, I´m not tired yet, not my bedtime at aaaall and you just got this FANTASTICALLY promising E-Mail from your old mate Paul Guigann and it lo..” John let Sherlock go immediately and he fell back down on the sofa with a huff. John was used to Sherlock using his laptop by now but he normally ignored his Mails by now. And Paul…for some weird reason, Paul always sent John either a) videos of cute little kittens or b) VERY weird porn – or would-be porn videos, because he apparently thought John would find them funny (okay, he laughed about the kittens, truth be told, but he was fairly damn sure that was NOT what Sherlock was talking about right now). He turned the laptop around and read the E-Mail. “Hi John, mate, don´t even ask me how the fuck I found this but I just couldn´t stop laughing! I swear, it´s not porn or anything this time but if you want a good laugh, watch this! I completely lost it, those Japanese really are a whole new level of cray-cray! Remember when Steve showed us the pants from his girlfriend he brought with him to Afghanistan and what he used them for?” John sighed inwardly. How could he ever forget? Steve was in his room for two weeks and he and all the others could hear him masturbating every.damn.night. while he practically talked to the damn thing! NO, NOT to his girlfriend back in England, BUT TO HER DAMN PANTS!
"Much ado about Nothing."
"John?", Sherlock asked.
I am back in the hospital. The cases are on the rise again. I just hope we can get over this soon.
“I wasn’t going to do anything.”, Sherlock protested, but his smirk gave it away.
“Yes, we. You’re not staying in this house with that man for any longer than is physically necessary. We’re going to check out some street acts, I think.”, John told him, smiling a little, getting up from the bed.
"But, I, erm, really? You're not mad?", Sherlock asked.
“Hazel? Mix of brown and green.”, Rosie beamed, knowing she was right. Sherlock felt tears pricking his eyes and he realised he couldn’t love her more.
That left the boys in a comfortable silence, with Rosie happily rambling on about what had happened in an episode of Doctor Who that she had watched with her Dada the night before when she couldn’t sleep.
"I kept thinking... What if? I had dreams that I'd failed again. That you had lost Rosie. That we had lost her. That it was Rosie who was lay there, lifeless, and slashed to bits, not that poor little soul. I mean, 5, John. She was 5. In 5 years of life, what could a child possibly have done to deserve something like that? She was only 5.", Sherlock babbled, letting his thoughts out, as John just sat and listened to him.
"Ok, so we have a family of three: father, mother and daughter. The last person to see them alive was the daughter's boyfriend. All three victims were tied to their beds, with their faces blown off - it's not pretty."
After some time, John came around a little, and insisted that he was fine to go back to the house the next day, as he had his arm in a sling, the wound was dressed and he could take painkillers himself. The doctor on his case wasn’t exactly thrilled at first but once Mycroft intervened everything was fine. The two criminals, it seemed, were confined and were awaiting questioning. The Browns were fine, after being a little shaken at the state of their living room and because of the whole ordeal.
John smiled at that, turning to face Sherlock to find himself greeted with a grin.
“Oh, Sherlock… I am so sorry.” John said, pulling Sherlock into a tight hug.
From that day on, they were the first port of call for each other, for anything Sherlock related. Greg had thrown Sherlock in a cell, on more than one occasion, and Mycroft would be the one to bail him out. He’d turn up in his suit, despite the early hours (sometimes) and then take his brother home to his house. When Sherlock had been forced into rehab by his older brother, one hot, summer night, Mycroft showed up at the Yard, to tell Greg. That was the first time Greg saw Mycroft cry. Greg shut the door to his office, making sure the blinds were shut on all of the windows, looking in, and then held the elder Holmes as he sobbed. Things were never quite the same after that. The rest, they say, is history.
"I didn't even know Shrek was a musical...", Greg said, as he picked up the report he had been working on, before Rosie had rang.
“She is taking you from me, isn’t she?” John asked quietly, his throat hoarse from crying.
“I will go and pick Rosie up from Molly’s once you’re at the surgery.”
Once again, after reading a couple of sentences, Rosie said, "No, Unc Lock. I want Paw Patrol."
“He wouldn’t do that, Mycroft. I’m too pretty.”, Sherlock smiled, making John blush this time.
The walk to the school was 20 minutes and, with it being a clear night, was actually rather enjoyable. It was enjoyable for John, at least. Usually, at pick up time, when they would make the walk together, Sherlock would hold John’s hand, their fingers laced together, or Sherlock would wrap an arm around John’s shoulder, pulling him close. That didn’t happen. Sherlock was in a strop.
“Minor position in the British government, right, Mycroft?”, John smirked.
“I fucking hate you!”, Rosie yelled.
"I know, love. A lot of people love it. People have themed weddings and all sorts.", John replied, before sitting next to his husband. "I never thought you would ever get into something like this, though, love. You said the Tolkein universe was drivel..."
"No. She got over it a lot quicker than usual. I call that progress.", John smiled.
"Oh, I love it.", John grinned.
On one particular day, John had graciously offered his services at the surgery, due to them being short-staffed, so that left Sherlock with Rosie, as Mrs Hudson was away and Molly was working but was due to finish around lunch time.
September 2020:
“You sap. Come here.”
As they came up to the gates, John pulled Sherlock to the side and said, “Behave, Sherlock.” John placed a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips, before grabbing his hand and pulling him into the school grounds. Rosie was there, sitting in her classroom. John and Sherlock had opted for an early appointment, with a teacher, meaning that they could speak to her and then take Rosie home, so they didn’t have to go back and forth between the school and home.
“Ah, you’re up…”, John said, as he smiled, looking up from his paper. He frowned when he saw how pale Sherlock was, however. “Are you okay?”
John moves back to Baker Street...
Half an hour later, Molly woke needing the toilet. She made her way to the bathroom, went to the loo and decided to check in on Rosie on her way back to her room. Molly panicked, initially, when she found Rosie’s empty bed, but noticed that her dressing gown and slippers, which they had unpacked and placed by the chair together, had gone. Molly then made her way to the room where she knew she would find her Goddaughter, and poked her head around the door, which was already slightly ajar. There she found the sweetest sight she had ever seen. The two men were asleep, their legs wrapped together under their blankets, and their hands now resting on the small sleeping form between them. Molly pulled her phone out of her dressing gown pocket and snapped a quick picture to make sure she had photographic evidence when she told Mycroft and Greg. She then left the room and headed downstairs for her first cup of tea of the day.
"Alright. Why are you here today? You never come on a Wednesday.", Rosie questioned.
August 2020:
“Of course. You’re family now.” Sherlock replied, looking at John, with a shy smile.
"Oh, so you didn't stop and think, for a second, that burning half of my wardrobe would be an inconvenience to me?", John near-shouted. Before Sherlock replied, he carried on, "Of course you didn't, Sherlock, because I'm not important. If you inconvenience those around you, it doesn't matter. As long as what you're doing doesn't impact you in any way."
“Really, Greg. It’s nothing. I mean, it’s the least I can do. Just sorry I couldn’t help more by being on the post-mortems. Rosie is an angel and I’m happy to look after her.”, she smiled.
"Sherlock...", John warned, giving him a look of disapproval with it.
Sherlock stood next to his daughter, so he could be seen, and said, “Hi Instagram live.”, before scuttling off to find his scarf.
"Sherlock... Stay with me. Please. Come on. Sherlock!", John urged, but Sherlock slipped into unconsciousness.
“Well, you didn’t bring your car. We can’t expect you to be walking to the tube station in this weather, can we now?”, Mycroft replied, with a small smile. “Besides… Consider it a thanks for helping me after, well, you know…”
It was then that the pitter-patter of feet could be heard on the lino of the kitchen floor and a sleepy Rosie appeared at the end of the table, where all of the adults were sat.
Mycroft Holmes was far from what he would consider as a 'nice' person, especially in a professional capacity, but his staff knew otherwise. They received thoughtful, personal gifts on their birthdays and at christmas and you would have to be blind not to see the genuine affection the man held for his younger brother. The 'Ice Man' facade scared the living daylights out of those who didn't really know him. He was a stern man, when he wanted to be, but that was so he could get results. Quickly.
On the day of the audition, Rosie got home, to 221B from school, and seemed delighted with her efforts. John was excited, as he had enjoyed acting at school but had never done it, in the fear of being bullied. As extra-curricular go, John had always veered to playing sports, with him excelling in rugby. He was glad that Rosie was able to do the thing she enjoyed without having people bully her for doing so. It kind of made him wish that he had just thrown caution to the wind and had done the part of Romeo, at school. He was extremely talented and he let fear of what his peers thought of him hold him back.
"Exactly why she picked them, love. Now am I going to get a cup of tea sometime before Christmas?", John asked, smiling.
“I told you to be careful… Being plunged into the icy waters of the Thames will do this to you, Sherlock.”, John said.
The Watson-Holmes household watch Harry Potter...
She then let rip and began wailing, crying and screaming, "I want Paw Patrol."
“We just don’t know how she died.”, Greg told Sherlock, as he looked around the room, they had found the body in.
“You had just lost your wife, John and had been left to look after a small child alone. And you’re you, John. I have done terrible things to you, that you have forgiven me for, and I will always forgive you.”, Sherlock explained.
“What sort of question is that? Come here, you daft git…”, John smiled, pulling Sherlock’s arm towards him, so that he could reach to kiss him, properly this time. Sherlock smiled into the kiss, which was soft and sweet, and he revelled at the taste of John’s lips, something he had dreamed about for years.
"She loves you, you know, Sherlock. Last time I brought her round, she was all smiley, remember? As soon as I got her home, she went hysterical, shouting at me to bring her back. She was clean. She wasn't hungry or thirsty. She wasn't even in pain. The only valid reason is that she missed you.", John explained, stroking Rosie's hair, who had now snuggled into Sherlock's shoulder and fallen asleep.
“Wow, Rosie… You are a little star. That’s brilliant! Why don’t you go and show Uncle Mycroft and Uncle Greg? I think they’re in the kitchen with Auntie Molly.”, John beamed, as Sherlock grinned so widely his face starred to hurt.
"I'll leave you to it...", John said, beginning to pull away.
"There is a lot of dancing in this show, so once I've learned to choreography, would you help me?", Rosie questioned.
“So… Dickinson?”, Sherlock asked Greg.
“Sounds perfect.”
"Our little hero. Ran the rest of the way to the surgery to get me. An ambulance is on the way."
"Okay, Sherlock, get some kitchen roll whilst I run and get some supplies from my bedroom. Put pressure on that wound... It is deep, and I think I'm going to have to stitch it, but I don't think it'll require A and E if we get it sorted as soon as..."
John was sat on the sofa, with his laptop, doing some general browsing and checking things in his blog. Sherlock had taken Rosie to bed, after giving her a rather messy bath, and came back downstairs in his pyjamas and blue dressing gown, having got soaked by his daughter who thought it was hilarious to splash him. Finding that the only spare space to sit was next to John, Sherlock stalked over to the sofa and plonked himself down in a lying position, not caring that his feet were now covering John’s laptop.
"I love you, too."
“This is all my fault. Oliver would have never been able to hurt you, or Rosie, or Molly, if it wasn’t for me. It’s my fault.”, Sherlock spluttered.
He wouldn’t say. Didn’t even reply when I mentioned John – GL
Sherlock had not felt that kind of attraction in a very long time. From the moment John Watson walked into the lab at St Barts, Sherlock knew he was in trouble. John Watson was just his type. Slightly smaller. Military. And not afraid of running head-first into danger. Things went so well, in the beginning, apart from John’s constant girlfriends. Although, Sherlock managed to chase them all away rather quickly. It was obvious to everyone, but John, how Sherlock felt. John’s insistence that he wasn’t gay always echoed around Sherlock’s mind. It was in the quieter moments in 221B, where John would be sat quietly, with the paper or his laptop, and Sherlock would be in his Mind Palace. However, Sherlock wasn’t in his Mind Palace half as much as John thought he was. He was often day-dreaming about what would happen if he just plucked up the courage to kiss John. The outcomes in his head varied, from John storming out and never coming back, to John reciprocating his feelings and the kiss and them living happily ever after.
June 2020:
"I don't know, John. I need to think about this. I thought I was getting over you, what with being so happy with Eric. I need to think about this. I cannot and will not break Eric's heart. I don't love him like I love you, but he loves me. I can't do that to him, John. I won't."
"No."
“I don’t know why she is being like this, Sherlock…”, John sighed.
“But, Dad… Pa. Can’t you tell him?”
“I think I’ll have a nap, Pa.” Rosie said, falling asleep pretty quickly afterwards.
"Do try to, Lestrade, or nothing will ever get done.", Sherlock said, in his usual nonchalant tone.
As John woke in a daze, the next morning, he was slightly shocked to find that he was the only one in the room. After what had happened the night before, he began to panic that he had scared Sherlock away and that everything he’d worked so hard to not ruin now had been because he’d initiated the kiss.
“Now, as you probably know, you have a very bright daughter, gentlemen.”, Mrs Laniston started. “She has been getting the highest grades the school has seen for a long time. We are worried about her, however, about when she is not learning. It seems that some of the pupils have taken it upon themselves, due to opinions planted into them from homophobic parents, to bully Rosie for having two dads.”
“You know what he’s like… It could be anything.”, John replied, biting the inside of his cheeks to try and stop himself from laughing.
“Yes, I rather enjoyed that. It certainly beat writing essay after essay for school.”, Mycroft said.
"Okay. Okay. I get it. You suffered whilst you stood on the sidelines whilst I was with Mary. God, Sherlock, if I'd have known..."
“I love you, John.” Sherlock whispered, his face buried in John’s neck. It was so quiet that John thought, for a moment, that he had imagined it.
"Are we ready?", Sherlock asked.
“Yes… I love you, John. I have for a long time.”, Sherlock admitted, bowing his head slightly, expecting to be shot down or friend zoned.
“We are lucky she doesn’t suffer with travel sickness. It would have been a nightmare, if she did.” Sherlock replied, not removing his eyes from the road in front of him.
“I second that, Rosie-bear.”, John added.
"Well, they are wrong then."
“Aren’t you a little big for that now?”, John chuckled.
“What are you laughing at?”, Sherlock asked him, a glint in his eye.
"That's it! Well done, Rosie!", Sherlock exclaimed, placing a kiss to the little girl’s head of curls.
“So, it’s just a waiting game? How am I supposed to just sit and wait whist my friend and my daughter are out there with that crazed lunatic? He has already put me in hospital before… If he touches one hair on either of their heads then he will wish he never laid eyes on me in the first place.”, Sherlock ranted.
"Okay. I love you, Sherlock."
“There is nothing to talk about, John.”
"I'm sorry?", Sherlock questioned.
Dinner then passed by seemingly alright, and there were no more incidents from Oliver, who was whisked away from the table as soon as he had finished eating and taken to the office by Mycroft.
"Hi, chick. So...?", John asked, putting the phone on speaker so Sherlock and Greg could hear too.
They then got another taxi, back to the B&B, with John making Sherlock promise that they could spend the next day at the theme park.
“So, how do we get them then? Where are they headed?”, Sherlock asked, totally focussed.
Sherlock turns up to a crime scene without John after an argument and Molly leaves him to sulk in the corner of her lab until a visitor changes everything...
Mycroft is sentenced to a month on the sofa...
“Yes, Dada. And, guess what? Auntie Molly helped me and I can write my name.”, Rosie told them.
"And you promised you'd never leave. Guess we both broke promises then, didn't we?", Sherlock spat out.
"Shut up, John."
“If you’re sure?”
“Sounds like a plan, to me. Do you think she’s okay under the care of Mycroft? I always found him insufferable when he babysat me.”
"You're not really that dense, John. I have loved you since I laid eyes on you. But then you went around insisting we weren't gay and that we weren't a couple. And when I came back, you had Mary. I watched on and didn't say a word because I knew you were happy."
"I want it."
It had only been three days since they had decided to go to Scotland, in pursuit of the criminals, and they were on their way, by train, to Manchester, where they were going to spend one night, to minimise the travel time for Rosie, with her being young and easily inclined to become restless. They stayed over in the Midland hotel, taking up three suites, all expenses paid for by Mycroft, once again. Sherlock and John had one suite with Rosie, who slept in a travel cot and the boys had to share a bed. Neither of them fussed, but neither commented, either, when they’d found themselves wrapped around each other the next morning. John had found, on the train from Piccadilly station in Manchester to Edinburgh Waverley, that Sherlock’s thigh was pressed up against his, as Rosie freely went from her Dada’s to her Papa’s lap. Molly was sat with her nose in a romance novel of some kind, which made John feel sad for her, once again, because she was lonely. This was her first holiday in six years and she was using it to look after the child she would never have. Time was getting on and Molly wasn’t getting any younger and it was as though she had given up on all chance at love for herself, what with everything she has gone through. Moriarty. Tom. Sherlock. The hell she was put through, emotionally, with Eurus, without her knowing what was going to happen. It seemed, to John, that she had taken all of the hurt she felt and had turned it into love, pouring her heart and soul into her new little family. John was more than grateful for her presence when it came to looking after Rosie and he loved having her around as a person. Molly was a welcome female influence on Rosie’s life and John wanted that for his daughter. He wanted her to have a woman who she could talk to, when she was older, about the stuff that girls don’t want to talk to her Dad about, let alone her Papa. John could just imagine the hell that would ensue if Rosie ever asked her Papa where babies came from. It made him chuckle a little.
Sherlock looked close to tears, too, as he replied, "I do love you, John. I always have and I always will. I just need time."
“Don’t be daft, John. Come and get ready. We’ve shared a bed and we both sleep topless… I don’t mind.”, Sherlock told him, pulling his purple shirt (John’s favourite) onto his shoulders, before fastening his trousers and belt before beginning to button up his shirt.
“Yes. It was fun. I like the garden.”, she told him, bringing her hedgehog into her chest and laying her head on her Papa’s chest.
“I’m always right, dear… It’s how this works.”, Mycroft smiled, before pecking his partner’s lips and heading upstairs to put his laptop away safely.
“Indeed… I seem to recall you liking my rendition of Adam.”, Mycroft chuckled lightly.
John smiled at the text, before turning his attention to the TV, his eyes drifting every couple of minutes to check on Sherlock.
“Very well. I am glad she is going there. I know the school you mean. She is perfect for it.”, Mrs Laniston smiled at Rosie, who gave her a weak smile in reply. “Okay, gentlemen, that’s all. There isn’t anything else you need to know. Thank you for coming in today.”
“I was different back then… Nothing mattered as much. You did, of course but I only had you to protect then. Now I have our daughter and she’s in there, with a mad man.”, Sherlock replied, gesturing to the building in exasperation that he felt like a spare part in the proceedings.
“Not a word, Brother Mine, or I will get John to break every bone in your body, whilst naming them.”, Mycroft warned.
“You haven’t answered my questions, Papa.”, she said.
“You don’t understand how long I have wanted to bring you in here with me.”, Sherlock murmured, pulling away slightly so he could look at John.
“Well, it wouldn’t exactly go amiss. I haven’t seen you act this was around anyone. Sherlock… Who is that man?”, he asked, sitting next to Sherlock.
"That's less than he deserves, Greg. I can't even begin to comprehend what goes through that man's mind.", John said, a little calmer, but still red-faced with anger.
“Because Mary told me to. She said I could. And she was right. I found that I could forgive him. I couldn’t let him win. After everything he has done. He didn’t deserve to win. I won’t let him hurt me any further by me getting upset or angry at what he’s done.”, Sherlock explained.
wedding anniversary, Rosie was ecstatic and decided to document it through an Instagram live. Due to her fathers being who they were, she had rather a large Instagram following, even though she was only 15.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John carefully, and pulled him into his side, so that they were both sat up against the head rest of the bed, comfortable and together.
"I guess, in a way, that this is my blessing to you both. You both need to let go. Take the leap of faith. Be what you always were. Together. Where you belong.
With Rosie being 14, there was a high chance that she would, indeed, be considered for the main role. Rosie has learned to sing since the age of 5, and had been a master in singing Italian opera since she was 12. Sherlock knew she had the vocal talent to pull off a main role. Rosie had also always danced, much to Sherlock's delight, as he had always loved dance. Being trained in ballet himself, he was always glad to help her by running through variations with her, too, often correcting bits as they went along. And, although she had no real training, Rosie had always exceeded in acting, especially through song.
On the day the cast list went up, John and Sherlock were sat in Greg's office, pouring over evidence for a case they were working on. John's phone started ringing, and he smiled, seeing it was Rosie.
“How long until we get to see Nana and Grandad, Pa?” Rosie asked Sherlock.
If that had happened a few years before, Molly would have gone home, crying as she drank a whole bottle of wine to herself, wallowing that Sherlock would never be hers. Instead, she messaged Greg, although it was likely he already knew, and just carried on with her life as normal. In fact, it was only a few weeks later that she met Sam. He was one of Greg's PC's and they hit it off right away. It was perfect. When Sherlock had first seen Molly and Sam together, he let himself give them a genuine smile. He was beyond happy that Molly had finally found someone worthy of her. It was what she deserved.
"No."
“You told her?”, John asked Sherlock.
“I’m now getting a lot of comments about Pa…
Edward Rudy Lestrade-Holmes was 4 years old, and had just started primary school, when people began to bully him for things he didn't understand. One boy made the rest of the class laugh at him for having two dads and he didn't understand why. Growing up, Eddie had been surrounded by more homosexual couples than heterosexual ones. His Uncle Sherlock and Uncle John had always been together and his cousins, Rosie and Oliver, had never seemed to be bothered that they had two dads. It wasn't that Eddie was upset that he had two dads. In fact, he loved it. After all, his Dad was a high-ranking police officer and his Papa practically was the British government. His older sister, Morwenna Jessica Lestrade-Holmes, had never mentioned anything about being bullied for having two dads, though. So, Eddie got really upset. His Papa had seen it in his face.
“Coffee?”, Sherlock asked.
“Sherlock. Are you okay?”
“What did he say? Just out of curiosity.”, John asked.
“Probably… I’ll take my tablets now. They should kick in by the time we get back and then I’ll be fine. I’m not really in any pain. It’s mainly just uncomfortable.”, John said.
For dinner, Molly made her famous tarragon chicken, with a little help from John and Greg, whilst the Holmes boys took it upon themselves to teach Rosie some new things that they thought would be useful. Dinner was a quiet affair, as was the evening after they had eaten. At around half past ten, after Rosie had been put to bed, Sherlock and John left the house, ready for their ghost tour. At first, Sherlock seemed nervous, and began the walk with his hands clasped behind his back. John noticed and smiled at how adorable Sherlock was being. John then grabbed Sherlock’s hand from behind him, laced their fingers together and brought Sherlock’s hand up to his lips and kissed it gently and as he did, he could see the nervous tension escape Sherlock’s shoulders and he seemed too relax pretty much immediately.
“Are you ready to go?”
“Right. That is that sorted then. I will be able to fund it, with it being police business.”, Lestrade said.
“Yes, you are. Argument, was it?”
“Well, that worked out…”, Sherlock thought to himself, staring at John who was breathing steadily but looked ghastly, due to the amount of blood he had lost.
"I'm not stupid, love. I know because I felt it too."
“Well, yes. He’s a reformed man, it would seem.”, Lestrade chuckled.
“He’s on a case, chick. Going undercover in a philharmonic orchestra.”
"So... Dinner with your parents.", John said to Sherlock, as he picked Rosie up from the sofa, who had woken up from her nap.
“We’re not joined at the hip.”, Sherlock replied.
"That's right, Rosie. Well remembered.", Sherlock smiled, the feeling of pride swelling in his chest.
Sherlock was a little mortified, at first, when Rosie said she was auditioning for the lead role in her school production. It's not that he wasn't proud of her but he knew that, if she did get it, then he would have to go and watch her in whatever drivel she was performing in. He had never liked musical theatre, which was why Mycroft ended up being dragged to the theatre with their parents, whenever they came to London to catch a show. However, for the sake of his goddaughter, he was willing to put his thoughts about musical theatre to one side to support her. It didn't mean he had to like it, though.
“I don’t think so. But, why?”, Sherlock replied, looking confused.
Sherlock, however, didn’t say anything. He, instead, stood, got his coat on and left the house into the dusk. Greg smiled sympathetically at John but Sherlock leaving had just made John angry, more than anything else. They had been making progress, in his eyes. The open physical signs of affection that had been exchanged between the two, and now, upon the arrival of a handsome stranger, all of that had gone out of the window and Sherlock was acting as though John didn’t exist. Annoyed, John got up too, but headed upstairs, after saying goodnight to Greg, and got into bed. The last time he’d looked at the clock, before falling asleep was half past two in the morning, and there was no sign of Sherlock then, so he wasn’t exactly surprised to find the other side of the bed cold when he’d been woken by his alarm later that morning.
“Good. I don’t think I could bear losing this place as well as losing Pa.”, Rosie admitted.
"No. She was definitely saying Papa. Anyway, here... Look who is here, Rosie!", she replied.
“Morning, love. Thank you for yesterday.”, John said, pulling Sherlock closer.
"That is my nose. You have one too."
“Papa!”, Rosie exclaimed happily, when she saw him.
When Morwenna had been 3 years old, Mycroft had been needed at the palace. However, Greg was working and the Watson-Holmes pair were off on a private case (with Rosie and Oliver being left in the care of their godmother, Martha Hudson), which meant Mycroft had to take his daughter to the palace with him, leaving her in the capable hands of Anthea whilst he attended to business. It did not go to plan, however, as Morwenna had kicked up a fuss. Luckily, the Queen did not mind speaking to Mycroft as his daughter napped across his lap. In fact, the Queen fell in love with the little girl, which is why the Lestrade-Holmes children were often invited to go and play with the Cambridge children.
"Why Eric?", John questioned.
A month into being undercover, Sherlock had to perform, as a part of the Proms, and Rosie was nearly jumping around from excitement, despite her being 14, as Rosie and John had been gifted a box, due to Sherlock’s involvement in the case. John, who could appreciate classical music but wasn’t as fond of it as his daughter or husband, was looking forwards to seeing Sherlock play as a part of an orchestra. They were also being joined by Mycroft, Greg and Mrs Hudson, due to them having the whole box to fill. One afternoon, Rosie met John after school, and they went shopping for new clothes to wear, for their box experience.
“We’re glad you think so. Any chance you could keep an eye on her tonight? We have a ghost tour booked at midnight.”, John asked.
“So, Daddy… Did Papa finally ask you to marry him? Can I be a bridesmaid again with a pretty dress? And can Scottie come too? With Auntie Molly? And Gramps and Grandma?”, she reeled off, gaining a large smile from her Father’s.
"Sherlock, can I ask you something?", John asked, when it was just the two of them once evening, after Rosie had gone to bed.
"Rosie, you have to put your wellies on, if you want to go to the park. It has been raining non-stop for the past 8 days, so it will be muddy.", John replied, getting annoyed.
“Well, people will be given the option of going home. I doubt Sally will stay. She has been practically vibrating with want all week to get back to work. Especially since she got pally with Seb and heard how I had treated him. I put her off a bit.”
"Give Rosie my love. And both be her parents. Sherlock, be her Father. Look after my little girl for me, please. Be there for them both because I can't. Remember me. I love you all.
Rosie has done wrong tries to argue her way out of the consequences...
Sherlock was off sleuthing, leaving John the opportunity to explore a little. There was a park, with a lake, where people could hire little boats and go punting. The park had a play area, a paddling pool (which had been cleared after the summer season) and a café. John walked through the park, enjoying the fresh air, that was so much clearer than it was in London. He stopped off at the café, and treated himself to a latte to take away, and continued his walk. He went onto the dunes and then headed back to the small B&B they were staying at, whilst they were there.
“Do you not think so, John?”, Sherlock asked, and John looked at him confused.
"It's not that. I just didn't know that Greg was gay."
“Look, I know Sherlock asked you to keep an eye on me, but I also know you well enough to know that you don’t do anything you don’t want to. I just want to know… Why?”, Mycroft asked. Over the years, having helped each other out when dealing with Sherlock, the two me had got to know each other so intimately that, in the end, Greg had known Mycroft better than he’d known himself, and vice versa.
“I can’t tell you how hot that was, Myc.”, Greg smiled, going over to his partner and wrapping his arms around his neck, making Mycroft bring his hands to Greg’s hips.
Molly Hooper had accepted, a long time ago, that Sherlock Holmes was never going to see her in the same way she saw him. His beautiful eyes that seemed to change colour and twist into patterns, with his sharp cheek bones, masses of curly hair, and gorgeous cupid-bow lips. She knew she had to move on. She had tried online dating, which had been an absolute disaster (especially that one date where she had to text her friend, Meena, an SOS). Online dating was definitely not for her. She had tried the whole spinster life too, doing what she wanted, when she wanted, and not caring. However, she did care, which was a problem.
Once it beeped, to say it had a reading, John pulled it out, looked at it and frowned.
“Well, he is just happy. Leave him be.”, John replied, as he plonked into his chair, not even bothering to remove his coat. He knew he would have to be leaving again with the hour, to cover a shift at the surgery, so he didn’t see the point.
“But the case…”
John didn’t reply. And Sherlock didn’t say anything else. They simply sat on the bench swing, wrapped around each other. If asked, neither man could say how long they sat there for but that didn’t matter.
"As ever, John, your ability to point out the obvious astounds me.", Sherlock replied, just as his phone seemed to become more persistent and it seemed that whoever was ringing was not going to give up.
“Nothing in particular, Sherlock. Don’t worry your pretty, curly, little head about it.”, John told him.
“What, the sex or…”, Sherlock asked with a chuckle.
"Rosie. Pick something and watch it. I am not going to keep changing what is on, so you can watch this."
“They, er, call me a freak because I am smarter than they are. They caught me, at lunch, reading a book I’d borrowed off Uncle Mycroft, about Aristotle and the classics. They said I was weird because I could understand the Greek.”
"Then it is Rosie who saved my life, it seems...", Sherlock replied. "I'm tired...", he added, closing his eyes again.
"Not Chamber of Secrets.", Rosie said.
“I swear to God, Oliver… If you come anywhere near Rosie again, then I won’t hesitate to end you. She has already lost her mother. She is an innocent child. Let her go.”, Molly demanded.
John simply stood from his chair, once Sherlock had finished speaking, and knelt in front of him, pulling him down into a hug, so that Sherlock's face ended up buried in his neck.
“Sod the case.”, Sherlock replied, before reconnecting their lips.
By the time Sherlock got to John, he was a mess. He was curled up on the bench swing in the Rose Garden, his knees pulled into his chest and his book laid forgotten next to him. The sight of him made Sherlock gasp.
"Always.", John smiled, sitting back down and tightening his grip on Sherlock's hand. Sherlock then slipped off, back into sleep, with a small smile on his face.
That first kiss was magical. Sherlock was not one for cliches but everything was in that kiss. It was the start of the rest of their lives together.
“I got a high five and a kiss on the cheek from Uncle Myc, Papa.”, Rosie exclaimed.
"Just one more minute. I'll, uh, meet you by the van.", John said, trying to smile.
“Yes… We’re getting there with it. She had a slight problem with the pronunciation of some of them. They confused her for ages. She has even read that animal book to me today. I helped, of course, but she managed pretty well without much prompting.”, Sherlock explained.
Sherlock's lips pulled up at the corners a little, a smile threatening to break. Not one of those smiles he faked though, in front of clients and on cases. A genuine smile reserved for the best, which included his blogger, John Watson.
Rosie is a clever little girl and knows it...
On the way home, not a word was uttered. Rosie clung to Sherlock’s hand, as they walked and John walked just behind the pair, trying to decide whether he was going to cry or not.
"Never mind.", John said, rolling his eyes. "Now, go on, Greg."
“Well, today is full of surprises… Congratulations, Mol! And, I’m sure, when I say this, that I speak for all of us, when I say that we’re all here for you through all of it.”, Greg smiled, giving Molly a hug.
“Sounds perfect.”
Sherlock was getting irritable, by the sixth hour. They had traced a smuggling ring to a group of warehouses, down by the Thames, and were waiting on any movement. Sherlock had figured out that they were likely to move that night, and there was him, John and Greg and his team, all spaced around the complex, waiting for something to happen.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock… I hit you, too. I kicked you when you were down. I abused you too. So why did you forgive me? Especially after what you had already been through?”, John asked, tears threatening to fall.
"No, Rosie. I have told you."
They all ate dinner and then went off on their own to bed or for a walk. Sherlock simply grabbed John’s hand and led him to John’s room, with a smile. John let himself be led, excited by the fact that there were no longer have to sneak around and that he would be able to wake up next to Sherlock the next morning and not have to watch him walk away.
Pulling away, reluctantly, Sherlock asked, “Bed?”
Sherlock ends up being glad that John drags him to Rosie's parent's evening at school...
Rosie found a dress, almost immediately, that she loved, and John smiled as his excited daughter squealed, and he tried not to wince as he paid for it. It wasn’t that he couldn’t afford it. It was more that he was used to not paying the earth for one item of clothing. He knew his husband was the opposite, with his bespoke suits and tailored shirts, but John was happy enough to buy his clothes from shops on high street and buy a whole wardrobe full of clothes for what it would cost for one of Sherlock’s shirts alone. They then went onto the tailors, where John had made an appointment, and John got a new suit, which was going to be a surprise to his husband. He was even going to keep it in Rosie’s wardrobe instead of his shared one, with Sherlock, as Rosie’s room was off-limits to her Papa.
“What about the whole Moriarty and bomb situation?”, John asked him, knowing that keeping Sherlock talking was the best thing to do, so that he didn’t storm into the building and make the situation worse.
“Erm, let me see…” Sherlock said, getting his phone out. “No way…”
“Uncle Greg and Uncle Mycroft are here?” Rosie asked, with excitement in her eyes. She loved both men, but loved spending time with her Uncle Greg, who took every opportunity to spoil her.
“And he is just sat downstairs, drinking tea and smiling. How fucking dare he, Sherlock. You have a new life now. A family, even. You have a daughter. What does Mycroft think he’s doing bringing him here?”, John asked.
John was amused by the whole idea of Sherlock becoming a ballet Dad. Due to John working in the A&E at Barts (a job that Mycroft had been able to get him in for), Sherlock did all of the dropping off and picking up for the classes and often waited around in the waiting area whilst Rosie did her lesson. He found the way the mothers cooed over him irritating but he got enough scandalous information just by looking at them that, if they ever tried anything, then he would quite happily spread their little secrets to the other mums. Dance mothers were ruthless.
They arrived closer to the West Entrance and then hid again, in an even smaller space than they had been. John was pressed right up against Sherlock and was praying his body didn’t betray him at that inappropriate moment. John looked anywhere but Sherlock’s face, trying to act normal, but failing massively.
“Please tell me again, Gregory, dear, why coming away with my little brother was a good idea…”, Mycroft groaned to his boyfriend.
“That would be perfect, love.”, John sighed. He had closed his eyes and was resting his head on the back his chair.
“There Papa. All better.”, she said, before jumping down and repeating the same action with John, staying on her Dad’s knee after she had wiped away his tears.
“I am going to Rachel. For that project.”, Rosie replied.
They then got changed into their night clothes and snuggled down into the duvet and fell asleep peacefully, without having to worry about Rosie or Molly or a case. They could just enjoy each other.
“Are you cold?”, Sherlock asked, quickly removing his coat and placing around John’s shoulders.
"Yes.", Mycroft smiled.
Working 12 hour shifts in a hospital, in full PPE, is not something I ever thought I would have to do again. It’s so hard. And people are breaking the rules constantly and I feel like screaming at them. The people on the wards I am working on are so ill. They are dying. It is heart-breaking. I just hope this will be all sorted soon. Everyone is getting bored of it, but it doesn’t mean we can slack off. I am just hoping I don’t get it and take it home. I don’t want Rosie to get this. Or Sherlock. I have seen him nearly dying in a hospital bed too many times already. I don’t want to see it again.
“Is he really?”
John did his shift at the surgery. He drank his coffee, before he left the flat, and stopped off at the corner shop on his way to work and picked up some energy drinks. He knew they were not good for him but, in that moment, he found he couldn’t care less. His patients got away with not being snapped at too much. One particular patient, however, who had consulted Doctor Google before arriving for their appointment was put in their place, with John’s sarcasm being at his finest. It was his second to last appointment of the day and he just wanted to get home to his partner, child and bed. But mainly his bed.
"Well, thank you for the apology. It's just... You know, for a highly intelligent man, you can be thick sometimes. Sure, you know a vast amount about science and history and the happenings of the world, but if you don't treat people with respect, Sherlock, all of that other stuff means nothing. I love you, Sherlock... You're my best friend, and I wouldn't change you for the world. I just, sometimes, wish you'd think before doing things that are going to affect others."
“Not every holiday has sands and beaches, Rosie. Some have cities and people. Or fields and the peace and quiet.”, Molly explained.
Sherlock made his way through the crowd of people outside to find his family by the ambulances. Molly was in one with Greg and Rosie was in the other with John. Mycroft was standing outside, so he could see what was going on with his friend and his niece.
“Dad! That’s gross. I’m 17. You don’t need to give me a top-up on the birds and the bees, thank you very much.”, Rosie squealed, turning bright red.
"You don't love Eric, though, Sherlock. I know he loves you but I love you. And you love me. Isn't that enough?", John asked, tears welling in his eyes.
"The optical nerve. I remember. And these are my eyes?", she asked pointing to her own eyes.
“Well, in the future, you will be allowed in. I shall have it seen to.”, Mycroft said. “I’m assuming that they wouldn’t tell you anything either?”
"Ah... Brother Mine. I was wondering when you'd eventually wake up.", Mycroft smirked, before taking another sip of his tea.
Er, let’s see… Can I say hi to Ella and Cory, they are big fans, and it is Ella’s birthday today… Hi Ella and Cory! And a big happy birthday to Ella!
“Of course, he will, darling. Everything will be okay.”, Sherlock said, trying to convince himself at the same time.
“Yes, we do.”, Molly smiled, remembering their trips to the park together.
“You here for the girl that’s just been found? She won’t be in for a few hours yet.”
“Rosie-bear… Why didn’t you tell us?”, John asked his daughter calmly.
“Yours change colour, Rosie. When you’re feeling sad or unhappy, they look greener. And when you’re happy and smiley, they look browner. But most of the time they look hazel coloured.”, Sherlock told her.
“Mycroft was informed and then it was a case of damage control. There had been witnesses to her attacking me and anyone with eyes could have seen that I didn’t enjoy her kissing me. Irene was escorted to the police station, where she currently is, and I came back here. One of her family members came to collect her things. It was her cousin. A James Moriarty. He kept apologising, profusely, but it wasn’t right. It didn’t seem right. Anyway, I deduced that this had been their plan ever since Irene had received her letter and that he was the one who orchestrated the media being involved. He was taken away to join his cousin. I wanted them out of the way before you came back. I knew you would do something you would later regret if I didn’t keep you away from the situation. And I couldn’t lose you. I just couldn’t, John. I know it is selfish, but I can’t lose you.”
Molly began telling them what she and Rosie had been up to whilst they were out, but Mycroft was distracted by the sight of his partner, through the kitchen window. Due to the August sun, Greg had taken off his suit jacket and tie, unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt and had rolled his sleeves up to his elbows. His silver hair was messy, where he had run his hands through it in frustration, and he had one hand on his hip as he spoke, rather sternly, on the phone to whatever team was helping track the pair of criminals up the country. His shirt was well-fitting and tucked into his trousers. Mycroft smiled a little at the sight, knowing how much the man had helped him after everything that had happened in Sherrinford and at Musgrave. Mycroft never got to Musgrave. He had been kept in Sherrinford, in his sister’s cell. The blood and body of the Governor hadn’t been removed and Mycroft often found himself, in the weeks after, with his head over a toilet if he had let his mind wander and remember the smell. There was something about the smell of death. Once you smell it, you can’t get rid of it for weeks. No matter how much posh soap, anti-bacterial hand gel or times he showered, Mycroft could still smell it. Mycroft knew that Greg had lingered around his office, the next day, because Sherlock had asked him to keep an eye on him. The way that Greg invited himself into Mycroft’s house, on more than one occasion, despite (at the time) being unwelcome, was enough to show Mycroft that Greg was not going to stop. He was not going to stop slipping him sleeping tablets in his drink so he’d sleep. He was not going to stop insisting that Mycroft ate something, as he had begun to lose weight because of missing meals. And he was not going to stop showing how much he cared for him, on his own merit. He had realised, quite early on, that his brother was behind it. However, he also realised that Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade was a man who didn’t do things he was told all of the time and that he only did what he was told when he wanted to.
Unbeknownst to the pair, John had witnessed the whole exchange between his daughter and his best friend, and knew that he was falling for Sherlock, hard. Before Sherlock went away for two years, John always thought that there could have been something, but then he met Mary and he fell in love with her, but he would always love Sherlock too. Other girlfriends had seen it. Everyone had, in fact, but John insisted upon their friendship being completely platonic, anytime it was mentioned. Now, after everything they had been through in the previous year and a half, John felt like the luckiest man alive. For starters, Sherlock had forgiven him when John had beaten him to a pulp, something that John still felt extremely guilty about. He'd also not judged him for talking to that other woman, which turned out to be his sister, behind Mary's back. Sherlock had gone through hell to get John back, and he had still supported him, donning the phrase 'it is what it is'. This, now, was perfect. He was back at Baker Street, and his best friend, whom he loved with every part of him, was as besotted with his child as he was. John knew that Sherlock and Mary got on like a house on fire, even going on cases together and leaving John to look after Rosie. In a way, that made it even harder for John, knowing he could have had with Sherlock what he had with Mary, but that it was too late. John had blamed Sherlock for Mary's death, Mary had taken a bullet for him, knowing that John would pick Sherlock over her, if he was made to choose, and it was easier to blame Sherlock than himself. He regretted it. Of course, he did. Sherlock had forgiven him so easily, and it showed John that Sherlock cared for him greatly, even if he had gone through pain, loneliness and mourning whilst trying to bring John back to him. John, at the time, hadn't even considered the possibility of Sherlock mourning, but it was obvious, really. Sherlock and Mary had become friends, and she had offered up her life so that he would live. Having someone do that for you couldn't be easy to come to terms with, after all. It showed true friendship and love for a person, because she was willing to do that for Sherlock.
Mycroft had a similar reaction to the inspirational quotes as his brother did. In that he thought that they were all drivel. In his mind, surely, people didn't need to be reminded to be happy. And they certainly didn't need to be told to be bright or fabulous. People were bad enough to deal with, as it was, without them all going around being overly joyous.
“I know. I’m sorry, Pa.”
“You heard me.”
“Right. Well then, I will do as you have asked.”, Greg said, seriously.
Rosie had been playing the violin, like her Papa, since she was 4 years old. She had mastered Bach and was particularly fond of playing pieces of Tchaikovsky’s ballets. Sherlock had been more than happy to indulge his daughter with all of the music he could find, and they even composed together. When Sherlock and John had finally got married, when Rosie was 10, she had composed and performed the piece for their first dance, much like Sherlock had done for her Mum and Dad.
“I’m all ears.”, John told him.
Whilst her Dads and two Uncles were inside the house talking about the case and discussing tactics, her Uncle Mycroft participating in legwork for once, which was definitely the influence of her Uncle Greg and the fact that he wanted to see his boyfriend in something other than a suit, Rosie went into the garden with her Auntie Molly.
One day, Rosie was sat at the kitchen table, with her best friend Kitty (which was short for Kathryn). They were working on a joint science project about the planets for physics, so, already, Sherlock was staying well away from them, knowing that John would only mock him for his lack of knowledge about the universe.
"Okay.", Sherlock smiled.
Molly put her phone away and got on with some work, quietly. About half an hour later, a certain Army doctor appeared.
“So, what happens now?” Greg asked, voicing the question that had been on the tip of John’s tongue.
"Your Dads are the cutest.", Kitty grinned.
"Shrek. I am playing Fiona. I have a tap number!", Rosie replied.
“Your eyes tell the truth, Papa. Your face says one thing but your eyes say another. Dada is the same. I know this because I can see it, Papa.”, Rosie explained.
“Well, my love… It seems that I owe you twenty quid.”, Greg said, as his partner snuggled closer to him.
“I’m sure he does. Sick bastards the lot of you, at the Yard.”, John commented.
Rosie then flipped the camera back onto herself and then proceeded to sit down at the kitchen table, resting her phone against a jar of jam, to keep it upright.
When they entered the drawing room, which was usually filled with light-hearted chatter and sounds of tea cups being lifted to lips before being placed back into saucers, they were hit with a wall of intense silence. The King, Queen and Prime Minister were stood waiting. John gave Sherlock’s hand another squeeze, before attempting to pull his hand away, which made Sherlock hold on even tighter. So, John simply held onto him and stood by his side.
John’s phone then buzzed, indicating he had a text.
"Right.", John nodded, smiling a bit, also.
“Good idea.”, Molly smiled.
“You mean?” Harry squealed.
“So, we go to the in-laws today, and fill them in before seeing where we can hide whilst the pair appear. How much time do we leave before we jump out on them after they arrive?”, John asked.
"You have eyes, John. Even you can see that it is, indeed, what I am doing.", Sherlock replied, before taking another drag.
"Ok. Thanks, Greg. I'll see what I can do."
“I know, Sherlock. Now, come on, or we’ll be late…”, John urged, practically pushing Sherlock out of the door, as he shoved his coat and arms into his arms.
“So, it’s a day of exploring or chilling around the house and playing in the garden.”, John said.
Telling himself it was only in his head, and that he had never injured himself in the first place, let alone nearly kissed John, Sherlock cleaned up the remainder of the broken cup and made his way to his bedroom. Sherlock then changed into his nightwear and fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow, dreaming about the situation that had just occurred.
“Please, Mr Holmes. It’s Molly.”
"It was the least I could do.", Mycroft replied, sharing a very genuine, rare, smile with his brother, before taking his leave, muttering to himself about the upcoming Russian elections.
“She’ll be okay. A few breaks and a couple of bruises and gashes here and there.”, John told him.
"I... I am sorry, John. I don't think. You're totally right."
“Sherlock, please. And, of course.”
"Well, she is your daughter. What did you expect?", John asked, as Sherlock handed him a cup of tea. "Maybe this will teach you to ask, if you want to share her sweets."
“You really love me? You’re not just saying it to make me feel better.”, Sherlock asked.
Sherlock loses John and turns to nicotine to get him through, only to discover everything isn't as it seems...
The two men then pulled away from each other and climbed into the front of the van. Sherlock took the driver's side, as John slid himself into the passenger seat.
"Sure. Which one?", John asked.
“Already going on a date and it hasn’t been 24 hours… Took me ages to get him to realise I was flirting.”, Greg said.
Rosie pulled away, bringing her hand up to Sherlock's face, wiping away a tear, saying, "I’ll do what Dada does, Papa. It’s ok. All better now."
“Who are the two?”, Sherlock asked.
Sherlock grinned, before placing a kiss to his husband's lips and lying across the sofa, not caring that his head was in John's lap. John just grinned. He liked how Sherlock had invested himself in something that Rosie loved so much, so that they could spend time together through it, whether that be reading the books, watching the films, or discussing plot lines and characters. He knew Sherlock had struggled, at first, when it came to parenting, with not knowing what to do to keep Rosie's attention. However, Harry Potter seemed to be the thing that made them even more inseparable and it made John happy to see his husband and daughter like that.
"Happy?"
“Well, it was mainly to stop you from talking…”, John smiled.
“Greg’s car. They are here.”
“I’m afraid I realised all too late, my love.”, Sherlock told him, bringing their joint hands to his mouth and kissing the back of John’s lightly.
“Well, to be fair, Greg, they’ve been pinning after each other for a good 6 years, at least.”, Mycroft smiled.
“It’s ok, Myc. We all know you’re a soft arse when you want to be.”, Greg smiled, before placing a kiss to his partner’s temple.
“Sorry to hear that.”
Sherlock crashed through the door.
“What take-out are we having, then?”, Molly asked.
“I promise, Rosie, that I will not grill your girlfriend, if it means your Dad gets his dream of meeting his future daughter-in-law.”
“I’m due my annual leave. In fact, I haven’t had it for six years, so my bosses are practically begging me to take the time off. I could come up to Edinburgh with you and look after Rosie. I mean, she knows me so it’s better than getting someone she doesn’t know. And it means some poor student, looking for an extra bit of cash, doesn’t have to go through the scrutiny of having Sherlock break down their life bit by bit.”, Molly suggested.
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?”, John asked, rubbing Sherlock’s back, trying to soothe him.
Sherlock then picked up the last box with ease, and walked outside, leaving John alone. The rooms that surrounded him were now empty. It seemed a little strange. He'd never seen it so empty. When he had bought it, the previous owners had still lived there, so he had never seen the house without furniture.
Rolling his eyes, nonchalantly, Mycroft replied, “If you have gone to the trouble of booking a table then I suppose I must.” That night, Greg had slept next to Mycroft (just slept) but it had been his first nightmare-free night since Sherrinford and, after that day, things were never the same.
“Sorry Dad. (Not sorry) But, yeah… So, we’re going out today, as a family, to celebrate and then they are having their own time together later… I will be posting pictures throughout the day to keep you guys updated. If you haven’t already seen the post that I made of my favourite pictures of them, then do check it out. There are a couple of ones that have never been seen before.
“They wouldn’t let me in because I’m not family. I tried to pull rank, but it didn’t work.”, Greg told him, standing up.
“I trust that these children have been dealt with accordingly.”, Sherlock said, sternly, immediately glad that John had dragged him along, so that he had heard this news first-hand.
"Tell me when you have organised it for and I'll drag his skinny arse out of the house.", John replied.
“You are proving to be quite invaluable, Miss Hooper.”, Mycroft smiled.
"Mycroft.", John greeted.
"Papa? Papa is sad? Why are you crying, Papa?", Rosie asked, as Sherlock hadn't realised he was crying again.
"Sounds awesome. Well, you can count me in for two tickets. I'll happily drag Uncle Myc to watch you with me.", Greg answered, grinning.
"How did you get to me?", Sherlock asked.
When Greg came into Baker Street, with a grave look and his face ashen, John immediately knew that there was something very wrong. Greg, however exasperated by a case, would never look as he did.
“John… Thank God, John…”, he muttered, pulling John into a hug.
“I am just… Well, I don’t know how I’m going to do this.”, Sherlock admitted.
“She is on anti-depressants because of a miscarriage she suffered a year ago, but she was also taking tramadol. You aren’t supposed to take them together.”
“We have to go down to the Yard today… Something about the case. Molly has the day off and has agreed to have Rosie. She’ll be here in half an hour, so if you want to get ready, I’ll feed and clothe Rosie while you sort yourself out.”
"I will take the case, Greg. However, you can't stop me from arguing with my brother about this. I know you have given him grief about it already, but I need to do this. He has done this too many times. He thinks he can just put us all at risk whenever he chooses, and he isn't going to be doing it anymore. I'm going to make sure of it. I thought he would be better after how much he messed up with Eurus, but clearly not.", Sherlock said, in a calm manner, but there was fire behind his eyes.
“Look, gentlemen… I know this isn’t easy, but you can put in a complaint to the board, if you deem it necessary.”, Mrs Laniston said.
“How? I’m freezing.”
February 2021:
The group then went into a comfortable routine of taking it in turns to run around with Rosie and have adult conversations and banter in the midst of entertaining the toddler. Not all was well, however. Unbeknownst to the small family, Oliver was not going to let the Holmes boys walk all over him once again and his revenge would be sweet.
“Sherlock? We’ll get them back. We have to get them back… Please. Look at me.”, John said, still crying and cupping Sherlock’s cheeks, looking him in the eyes. His beautiful eyes were scared and full of fear.
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, right, erm… Well done on the deduction Rosie, but that was a bit mean and not everyone wants to know that you can see their deepest, darkest secrets. You must tell me how you saw it though.”, Sherlock told the child.
Teenage Rosie auditions for her school play...
“Actually, Oliver… You don’t own this house. Not anymore. I bought four off your Father, this being one of them, or did you forget that your Father sold me most of his estate, after what you did, not only to my little brother, but also to your wife. Now, I suggest you get out of MY house and if you come within 50 miles of my family ever again then, so God help me, you will not know what has hit you.”, Mycroft spat at the man, making him scoff and stand there for a second, before finally giving in and leaving the house.
“Did you now?”, Sherlock smiled, raising an eyebrow at his brother.
“You think I’m pretty?”, Sherlock almost flirted.
“Well, I think it’s safe to say, Sherlock. You’re a better man than I ever could be. It’s one of the reasons I love you.”, John smiled.
Then, of course, Sherlock had to leave. He left to save his John Watson. And then he came back, broken and bruised, and determined that he was finally going to tell John, after years of pining after him. However, when he got back, things had changed. John Watson had found Mary Morstan. And he was going to ask her to marry him. Sherlock returned to 221B, alone, not being able to sleep, due to the pain he was in after being beaten, and completely alone. 221B no longer felt like home, without John there. And Sherlock didn’t like it. He had been so close to going back to the drugs. In that respect, he was grateful for his older brother’s constant meddling and monitoring. As soon as he left the front door, one of Mycroft’s people was there, making sure he didn’t try and contact any of his old dealers.
“Come on… Let’s get to bed. We’ve got a busy few days ahead of us.”, John smiled, getting up and putting a hand out to help Sherlock off the sofa.
As soon as John was ready, Molly picked Rosie up and off the pair went to meet Greg at Scotland Yard.
“So, guys… Today is a very special day, in Baker Street. It is the 10
"But you said you want to watch Alvin, so that is why I put it on."
"What's Shrek?", Sherlock questioned, looking confused.
“I swear… That Molly Hooper is a God send.”, Lestrade commented.
Sherlock, one day (about two weeks after John had come back to Baker Street), found himself with a dilemma. Greg Lestrade had called with one of the best cases he'd seen in a while, but John had taken a part time job at the surgery, and Sherlock was looking after Rosie. Molly, herself, was working, and Mrs Hudson was staying with her sister, so it left Sherlock with no choice. He strapped Rosie to his back, in the new carrier he had bought, with it being easier than pushing her around in a pram all the time and set off towards the crime scene dropping John a text.
“I believe there are a few near the co-op, a few streets away. We could wander down and have a look, or we can order online and get it delivered.”, Mycroft commented.
"I'm not more important than the universe.", John told him.
Clapping, John smiled, pride swelling his chest, and said, “Well done, Rosie! Clever girl!”
15 year old Rosie does an Instagram Live to celebrate a special day, in Baker Street...
“You look after our daughter… If anything happens, you must look after her.”, John said.
A few hours later, Sherlock began to come round properly, after having passed out and then been knocked out by the medication he was given.
"I, er, well... I just think he is handsome, Dad.", Rosie replied.
"Er...", John stuttered.
“You can forgive him, you know, Sherlock.”, Mary told him.
“You know what I meant. I’m truly lucky to have you.”
"You took your time... It seems that your child has developed a skill in arguing and manipulation. God, she is Mary's daughter.", Sherlock said.
“She is a teenager. It happens.”, Sherlock replied, as his fingers drew lines up and down John’s back, soothingly.
“Okay, temperature first…”, John said. He moved the curls from Sherlock’s ear and placed the end of the thermometer into Sherlock’s ear hole.
"Now, go and be Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. And solve me a crime, whilst you're at it."
"Yes. Where does it hurt?", he questioned, very much in Doctor mode.
"Good.", Molly replied simply, getting back to her work.
“You know, Moll… We are all so grateful for your help this week.”, Greg told his good friend.
John picked up his little girl and carried her down the stairs, where he found Sherlock fully clothed and sat reading that morning’s paper, drinking a coffee.
On the way back, the chill set in a little, despite it being August and John found himself shivering a little as he only had a light jacket on. Sherlock didn’t say anything but took off his coat and wrapped it around John’s shoulders, before wrapping his arm around John’s waist and carrying on walking again. John was immediately warmed with joy.
“That would be perfect.”, he smiled, before placing a kiss in the same place he had earlier and joining his daughter in the living room.
"Thank you.", Sherlock replied. That wasn't as much of a surprise as it once had been but she was still a little shocked to hear it coming from his mouth.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He simply helped himself to his experiments and set up on the work bench in the corner. He then began his work, in silence, with his back turned to Molly. Molly watched him for a moment, as he looked through a microscope. She was worried about him. Despite her own feelings towards him, which she knew would never be requited, she knew that John meant a lot to Sherlock. The fact that he was brooding in the corner of her lab, way before the body for the case he was on was due to come in, wasn’t good. She knew Sherlock. He was heartbroken.
“I love you too, Sherlock. This week won’t be so bad, you know. And you can always go for a walk if it gets too much, either on your own, or I’ll come with you. It’s not like we are going to be short of people to look after Rosie for an hour or so.”
Sherlock pulled back slightly, before pulling John up with him, allowing the shorter man to straddle his lap. John felt Sherlock's arms wrap themselves across his back tightly and let himself let out a sigh of content. Sherlock wasn't an overly affectionate person. John knew that better than anyone else. So, when his partner allowed him in, John clung to every second of it. Sherlock buried his face into John's neck once again, placing light kisses just above the man's collar.
"I don't think that would be wise, John, with a member of Scotland Yard present.", Sherlock smiled, as the last of his experiment was stored on the top of the fridge, out of reach of little, inquisitive fingers.
“But I want to. You guys are my family… I don’t have anyone else. And Rosie is my God daughter. I made Mary a promise that, if anything happens, I would look after her and you two. The three of you meant so much to Mary and she knew what you could become, if anything ever happened. Mary was the first female friend I’ve had since Uni and I respect her so much. Please let me help you.”, Molly explained, tearing up.
"Sherlock?", John asked, a little confused. It was usually John that initiated anything.
“John… Oh my God, John… PARAMEDIC!”, Sherlock panicked, shouting and trying to get to him, but was struggling due to the ribs (that he was sure were broken) hurting.
"Fine. I'll put them on.", Rosie huffed, rolling her eyes. She certainly had become her Papa's daughter, in the way she was a drama queen.
"Of course.", Sherlock replied. "To be or not to be."
"Claire is in on it. She monitors me. She would have known if I had told you. I wasn't allowed to tell anyone. You will die, Sherlock. They will kill you. I'd rather have you in my life a little bit than not at all. I tried that once. It didn't exactly go very well.", John explained, more calmly than thought he'd manage to.
Greg went back to reading his book and Molly sat dozing in the chair, so hadn’t seen any of the exchange. Greg knew he’d have to fill her in on Mycroft’s plan if things were going to work out as they’d planned, but he’d have to do that once the case was over with and the Baker Street Boys weren’t around.
“They are in the second fridge, bottom shelf. Are you okay?”
“Well, I’ve booked us on a ghost tour. Mainly to listen to you debunk it all afterwards.”, John smirked at him.
“Indeed. Well done, Mol.”, Greg smiled.
Greg led them, silently, to where John knew everyone else would be waiting. As they walked Sherlock grabbed onto John’s hand tightly. John laced their fingers together and squoze gently, to show Sherlock he wasn’t going anywhere. Sherlock gave him a soft smile, which was accompanied by a squeeze to John’s hand, and they carried on walking in silence, united and ready to face what would be thrown at them next.
“And where, pray tell, are you kidnapping me to now, Greg?”, Mycroft asked, acting as though he was annoyed by the presence of the detective, but was actually secretly glad that he was there.
I’m not sure. He is brooding in the corner, doing an experiment. What happened? – Mol
“I want to play in the garden, Dada, with you and Papa and Auntie Molly.”, Rosie told them.
"Fine. Just not Radio One.", Sherlock replied, before they set off, back to central London, away from the suburbs. Back home.
"That's not the same thing, Sherlock. And you know it isn't.", John replied.
Rosie redecorates parts of the flat...
"Yes, but I am shopping online to replace the clothes that you took and burned. Do you remember leaving me with one pair of socks in my drawer, or has that escaped your mind, that it was my clothes you used for that experiment and not your own?"
“Will Dada be okay, Papa?”, she asked, her eyes red from crying.
"No... John. Stay?", Sherlock asked, opening his eyes and looking to John with a pleading look in his eye.
“What’s tickled him?”, Lestrade asked John.
(Side note: It's my 21st birthday as I'm posting this - hope you enjoy!)
Sherlock leant down and knelt. He leaned right in, and whispered, “I forgive you.”, before placing a soft kiss to Oliver’s already cold head and leaving without looking back. He felt like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders.
John listened to Sherlock’s story, crying as he did so, due to how much pain Sherlock must have been in, mentally, physically and emotionally.
As John lay in bed that night, after a nice family dinner out, he couldn't help but think about the way Sherlock had come to his rescue.
A moment later, John's phone began ringing, causing him to sigh. He knew who it was without even having to look at it.
“Ah… Perfect timing. I was just about to serve up. Oliver is here, by the way. There is enough for him so I said he could stay for dinner. I hope you don’t mind.”, Molly smiled.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He simply ignored Greg and left the house, finding a cab on the main road. He went straight to Barts, despite knowing it would be a few hours before the body of the poor woman would be moved from the crime scene.
“Do you know what, I hadn’t thought of that. He might do it on his way up here…”, Greg commented.
“What language was that?”
“I know… I don’t know why. I feel like it will hit me all at once. Right now, it feels like he’s going to come flouncing out of your room, clad in his pyjamas and blue dressing gown, and plonk himself in his armchair.”
"Oh, Sherlock...", John sighed, before lacing his fingers through Sherlock's curls, pulling him into a soft kiss. Sherlock reciprocated gladly, happy to forget the horrid thoughts and dreams. He let John take the lead, letting himself get lost in the kiss, as his thoughts melted away until all he could think was 'John'.
The group chatted about different things, it mainly being Molly, Greg and John, due to the Holmes’ reluctance and hatred of small talk and aimless chatting (the elder Holmes especially). The topic of a previous investigation came up and Sherlock then put his view across by, essentially, taking over how the case was solved, from Greg. They then all ate, after ordering their food online, and each went off to do different things for the evening. Mycroft sat in one armchair, by the window in the living room that looked over the garden, looking over work emails on his laptop, answering a few and reading through a couple of documents that Anthea had sent through for him to verify. Greg sat opposite him, his socked feet resting on his partners’, as he read a crime novel. He read them as he liked to guess the ending before he got to it, and often found that he had solved the case by chapter three but read on just to check he was right. Molly was sat at the other side of the room, in a recliner chair, with a cup of tea, also reading, but she was reading her romance novel that she’d started on the train.
“I see. Well, I was wondering, Greg, if you would like to join me for dinner?”
“Sorry. Yes.”, John apologised, still grinning like an idiot.
“Then that is what we shall do.”, Sherlock smiled.
(Side Note: 29th of Jan... Happy John and Sherlock meeting Day!)
“Hi, and, of course, he is. How are you?”
“And where do you think you’re going, young lady?”, John asked Rosie, as she tried to sneak down the stairs.
John Watson climbed the stairs to 221B as though his legs were made of lead. Chasing criminals around London was exciting and thrilling, but when the adrenaline wore off, and all he was left with was tiredness that settled in his bones, he was not exactly the happiest or chirpiest person on the planet.
“I’d expect nothing else.” John said, with a chuckle.
“Can we not talk about John, please? Do you still have the cultures I was working on?”
December 2020:
“Just call me Sherlock, Harry. And yes. Today has been a weird one. I just want to thank you, again, for helping me.”
“John, I…”
Once they were finally all ready to go, they walked the short distance to Regent's Park, with Rosie holding onto Sherlock's hand, as he and John walked together, Sherlock's arm around John's shoulder and John's arm around his waist. It was the nicest day they'd had, in London, in quite a while, despite it being August.
"I know. But Papa and Uncle Mycroft don't like them, so it means they won't steal them. Daddy likes them but he always asks if he can share.", Rosie explained. Molly smiled. She picked sweets she liked, but sweets that she knew Sherlock and Mycroft didn't like, so they wouldn't eat them all before she got a chance to have any. That kid was smart.
“What?”
"I didn't know Greg was into men."
“Well, maybe you can show me later…”, Mycroft smirked, before kissing Greg sweetly on the lips.
“Yes, that sounds like a plan. I suggest we go to the house early Thursday morning, however, just to make sure. If they figure out we’re on their tail, they will make more of an effort to get here quicker and if they get in that house before we do, it’s likely that the in-laws will end up as their next victims, which we need to avoid at all costs.”, Mycroft added.
"She is more than advanced for her age, Sherlock. She's beautiful.". John smiled.
“No, she was attracted to me. There was a difference. And she was helping me to come to terms with my feelings towards you.”, Sherlock informed him.
“Oh… I want to see the sea, Auntie Molly.”, Rosie told her.
"Well, this is it. Thank you for everything. Even when things were not good, you were here waiting. A place we were all happy and safe, even if that wasn't for the whole time. God, Mary... You're everywhere here. The walls hum with you. If you were here now... Well, this wouldn't be happening if you were here now, but, you know. If you were here now, I'd like to think that this place was special to you too. It was the place Rosie was conceived. It was the first place she was brought to when she was born. She rolled over for the first time right where I am standing now. If you could see her now, love... My God. She looks like you. She is beautiful.
Greg broke down, ushering the pair inside, as Sherlock and John clung to each other, also beginning to cry.
"I knew you would. I'm so proud of you, chick! Uncle Lock and Uncle Greg are here too.", John replied.
“Shut up, John.”, Sherlock replied, sighing, before pulling him for a searing kiss.
“Yes. She always is.”
“Oi! That’s enough. And that is no way to speak to your Pa, Rosamund Mary Watson-Holmes. Apologise. Now.”, John ordered.
Is Sherlock with you? – GL
“Come on, Myc… You’re coming with me.”, Greg told him.
“Yes, Greg… It’s perfect. There aren’t any windows so they won’t see us from outside when they arrive. There are also secret alcoves to hide in, behind the bookcases, if they decide they need to do a search when they arrive. It’s also close enough to the living room to be able to hear what’s going on. And, as you said… We have plenty in here to keep us occupied.”, Sherlock agreed.
"Come on... I have a friend over! No shagging!", they heard Rosie shout from the kitchen. Sherlock turned bright red, while John simply chuckled.
“It’s Greg. West Entrance.”
“Oh, Molly… Of course, I haven’t. You’re both still alive.”, Oliver smirked, coming further into the light, to reveal the wrench in his hand.
Mycroft had been working for MI6 for a long time before they moved out of River House. That, however, didn't stop pompous pricks, who thought they knew everything, from trying to undermine him. That never went well for the other person. And Mycroft didn't even need to try in those situations.
“Good, yeah… We had slight issue in the supermarket, where Rosie told the woman behind the till that if she wanted to be happier then she shouldn’t be in a secret relationship with her supervisor, who was married. Luckily none of her colleagues heard.”
Greg had laughed so much at the thought of his children being friends and having play-dates with royals, but it became normal, in the end. Greg had even enjoyed the odd dinner party with Kate and Will, much to the delight of his husband, who was glad Greg had become immune to the couple being royal and just saw them as friends. Mycroft was in his element, when amongst royalty, and Greg Lestrade-Holmes found his husband extremely hot when he spoke all diplomatically. The pair also loved how the royals did not treat them differently, because they were gay. In the royal couple's eyes, they were just two people in love, who had decided to bring up a family. And the Lestrade-Holmes pair couldn't be more grateful. Will, in fact, took a great interest in Greg's work and always asked about his cases. Greg was all too happy to oblige the future King of England by answering his questions.
"Why does any criminal do what they do, John?", Sherlock asked, which was unusual. Usually, Sherlock would not be able to begin to comprehend the mindset of another person, or consider their circumstances, and there he was doing what John thought he was incapable of, which made John's heart ache for him even more.
"Are you ill?", John asked.
Sherlock sat in silence for a minute or so, noticing how Oliver looked so much younger and calmer. It reminded him of all of the times he used to wake up next to him, when at University, and smile because of how peaceful he looked. Sherlock was glad that Molly had already closed his eyes. He wasn’t sure he could have handled seeing his first love’s eyes cold and empty. Sherlock then stood up straight and loomed over him. He was just a shell now. After all of the horrible things Oliver had put him through, both in earlier life and the present, Sherlock hated him. That is until he thought of Mary and a calmness washed over him, making him smile fondly.
"Lockie?", Rosie asked.
After a while, John began to pull away.
The eldest Holmes was right in his prediction, and the four of them were on their way back to the house, within the hour, all satisfied with the confessions they had got, knowing the case would be solid, and they would be convicted.
“It is just that, well, Rosie told us all about your trip to the theatre this afternoon, and well, I know that they are doing auditions for a new batch of urchin children, in two weeks. I can get all of the information for you, if you think that is something that Rosie would love? She is fully capable. She can sing. And she can certainly dance well enough.”
“I’m here, Sherlock… And I’m not going anywhere, ever. You didn’t fail, Sherlock. Mary jumped. It was her choice. You couldn’t have stopped her. We both know that. But, I’m here. I’m fine. Rosie is fine. And I’m never leaving your side. And if you try and leave me, I’ll follow you to the gates of hell. You’re not getting rid that easily.”, John told him, pulling Sherlock in tighter.
"You are shopping online. I'd hardly say you were busy, John."
Smiling, John asked, "Anything interesting?"
wedding anniversary. He surpassed it by four months.
“Hi. How is she?”, Sherlock asked, sitting next to John and placing his hand over his daughter’s.
“Yes. She’ll need her arm in a cast, after all.”, John said.
“No, John. I don’t want Rosie in that situation. I won’t risk her anywhere near those two criminals, now I know what they’re like.”, Sherlock replied, shocking Lestrade a little, and causing him to leave the room, so the pair could discuss it without him eavesdropping (and so he could go and ring Mycroft at this new development).
“It would be if the chancellor of the exchequer was competent but, alas, it falls to me, again, to fix his mess. Poor Anthea is going out of her mind because someone told him that he was right for the job. He is as thick as two short planks.”
“Please, just think in future. If it wasn’t for your Uncle Myc, you could have been dead in a ditch last week, and we wouldn’t have known. We can’t lose you, Rosie. Not after everything we’ve been through to get to where we are today.”
“I’m sorry, Pa. I didn’t mean it. I love you. I am just annoyed.”, Rosie said, into Sherlock’s chest.
“Auntie Molly… I’m scared.”, Rosie whimpered.
Out of spite, one day, when Sherlock had endured the torture of watching the man he loved getting married to another person, and then not seeing his best friend for too long, he got rid of John’s armchair. He claimed, both to Mrs Hudson and his brother that it blocked his view to the kitchen. They both knew the real reason as to why it disappeared. Sherlock couldn’t bear staring at an empty chair anymore. He would rather look at a completely empty space. At least, then, no one could sit in the chair when it should have been John who was sitting there.
“Okay, Sherlock… It seems you were right. We have a lead on a pair – both ex-convicts – who were given a tip off about an exceptionally wealthy man, who has a safe. It turns out that Mr Daniels did have a safe, but inside there was only papers about his life insurance, which was a hell of a lot of money, mind you. For a start, there would not be any money in the safe, because he was infamous for not keeping any money on him, for precisely the reason that he doesn’t want to be robbed.”
“The rape was carried out by Smith, yes? Then why just the girl and not the mother? What was different about the mother? Some kind of fetish, maybe? And has he been accused of it before? I mean, I find that people who get done for rape haven’t just done it the once. Like that case in that village, in the 80s… A girl went missing. She’d been dragged into the nearby field raped, murdered and then dumped. The community thought they were safe and then it happened again, only a couple of years later, in a village further down the road. It was the same man. He had moved and then had done it again.”, Molly said.
“How do you know that?”, Mycroft asked, confused.
The second time they met was not under the best of circumstances. Sherlock had turned up at a crime scene, absolutely off his tits on drugs, and had started vomiting in an alley near-by. He then went into having convulsions and it was then that Greg realised that he was overdosing. He immediately went into to battle stations, dragging Sherlock to his car and abandoning the investigation to get him to hospital. By the time they got there, Sherlock was near critical and the nurses and doctors were thanking Greg because they might not have been able to do anything if he’d have brought him in any later. He rang the number, which he saved to his phone one optimistic afternoon, and Mycroft answered within two rings.
"Lockie. A motorbike drove at us.", Rosie managed to get out.
“Er… Italian. Rosie will eat it that way.”, John smiled.
“Well, that sounds ominous. What’s wrong?”, her Dad asked, trying to be light-hearted about the situation. Sherlock, however, sat, watching his daughter, with worry. She was never like this. Her body language was all wrong and she looked as though she was ready to burst into tears.
"I think that is the best idea you've ever had.", Sherlock smiled, before lacing his fingers through John's outstretched hand, and let himself be led into their shared bedroom.
"I, um... Thank you, Molly.", Sherlock replied, stuttering slightly.
Things got a bit better, with the appearance of Charles Augustus Magnussen as a threat. Sherlock, once again, went out of his way to protect John. He even took a bullet to protect him from the truth about his wayward wife. He also, then, provided John with a place to stay whilst he healed, after the lies from the woman he loved. Sherlock watched John get a little better each day. He watched as John gravitated back to Mary and his heart broke all over again.
“We don’t know… Mycroft has gone to meet some people. He thinks, well, he says he knows, it was Oliver.”, Greg explained.
"Coming, Lockie!", he heard, before the little girl thundered down the stairs, already wearing her shoes and jacket.
“I’ll see you when you get back. Do you need anything from Tesco whilst I’m there?”, John asked Sherlock.
After a long day of meetings and preparations for the next day, the four men were heading back to the house, where they’d been informed that dinner was waiting for them. Molly and Rosie had also had a busy and productive day. First of all they went shopping, where they had little bit of an incident with Rosie deducing the woman at the till, which made the woman burst into tears. Molly had told her off, but felt mean doing so, knowing that her Papa would probably praise her for it and be glad that she had followed in his footsteps. After the shopping was back at the house, the girls went on an adventure. They watched a couple of street acts, which Rosie loved, and then went to see if they could find Arthur’s seat, which fascinated Rosie due to it being an inactive volcano. Rosie fell asleep in her pram on the walk back to the house, which was a relief to Molly. It meant she had some down time. As much as she loved the little girl, she was incredibly intelligent and stimulating her brain to keep her from being bored was a massive task. She was still so small and had so much ahead of her. Molly smiled as she watched the little girl snoring lightly, wrapped up in her blanket on the sofa. She looked so much like Mary when she was asleep and it was so hard for Molly to see her friend. Mary had sacrificed everything for John and Sherlock to be happy. Molly was having a hard time without Mary. She and Mrs Hudson were the only women in this little family unit and, even though she didn’t mind all of that testosterone around (having grown up around a lot of males), she missed Mary massively. Rosie woke up and contented herself with a pad of paper and some coloured pencils, trying to copy the shapes of the letters Molly had written down for her.
When they arrived, they were greeted by police tape. After a word from Mycroft, all of them were let through.
“This is a garden?”, she asked.
“Hmm.”
"Well, I promised you Angelo's before my last case, and we haven't been yet, so we're going tonight.", Sherlock replied.
Rosie then ended the recording and left her Dad and Pa to their moment, so she could get her coat on. With it being 29
"My Baker Street Boys... If you have received this, then it has been a while. And, knowing you two, I knew you'd both be back in Baker Street, together, where you both belong. I just wanted to say... I know. And it's okay. If you haven't already, you both need to admit your feelings for each other.
She was sat against the wall, not too far away, her knees pulled up to her chest casually. She was wearing what she always did. Her jeans. Her grey top. Her blazer. Her white trainers.
“About 2 hours, little bee. You have a nap, if you want. Or Daddy can help you put another film on.”
Rosie was put to bed, after they had all eaten, just in time for Lestrade and Mycroft to arrive to discuss the case. John didn't quite realise that Mycroft was, in fact, Greg's partner, until the[ pair sat on the sofa, opposite John and Sherlock in their armchairs, and Mycroft laced his fingers through Greg's, resting their hands on his lap. After the initial shock, Greg and Mycroft began to bring up the case.
"You mean to say that Mycroft Holmes was willing to put our daughter at risk?! Greg... How could you even condone that?", John asked, extreme anger flooding through his body.
"Nose.", Rosie copied, beaming.
Someone cleared their throat, and the pair looked towards the door, to find Oliver stood there. The pair stayed as close as they had been, which Oliver seemed to be slightly irritated by.
Unbeknownst to the boys, Greg had witnessed their conversation, from the living room door, and made sure to inform Mycroft as they lay in bed later that night.
"I am capable of being a bit good sometimes, John, contrary to popular belief.", Sherlock told him.
“When can we meet your missus. You know you can bring her around here anytime you want to right. At least we don’t need to give you the talk.”, John grinned, knowing it would embarrass his daughter.
All of his doubts, however, disappeared when Sherlock appeared at the bedroom door, a breakfast tray in his hands and Rosie following close behind with a beaming smile.
What is the weirdest thing you’ve come home to? There have been many times when I have got in from school, or whatever, and there has been a passed-out client. That seems to happen a lot, but Dad is always on it. Once, when I was about 9, I think, I got home, after a day with my Uncles to find pink powder had been exploded all over the kitchen. Dad was not very happy, at all, and Pa was still washing pink powder out of his hair a week later. It got everywhere. We had to get the kitchen done…
"Only what was in the daughter's purse, which looks to have been about £20... Everyone in the area knows the family well. The father was rich, with his own company, and was known to pay for everything by cheque or card. He never kept any money on him or in the house."
John leaned in and placed a soft kiss to Sherlock's lips, before resting his forehead against his husband's. "God, I couldn't love you anymore, Sherlock."
“Now, my love, we do damage control, release a statement to the press and then let the Prince have his day with John, on Sunday, as planned. They cannot have their day tomorrow instead. It will be too soon. Things need to settle. And I need to get injunctions in place on the press. That doesn’t mean that they can’t spend the day here, together, however.” Mycroft answered.
"Yep. Dad hasn't been bothered about them but Pa doesn't like them. And neither does Uncle Myc. It is soooooo funny. Uncle Greg finds it hilarious.", Rosie replied, with a smile.
When John re-entered the flat, Sherlock was still lay on the sofa, with the blanket from the back of his chair wrapped around him too. John could barely see anything of Sherlock. He could just see his mop of curls poking out from the blanket mound, as he dozed. The image made John smile a little. Sherlock looked calm in his sleep. It was rare that Sherlock ever looked so serene. John put the shopping away, before making sure there was an extra bottle of water for Sherlock, on the coffee table, for when he woke up. He then sat and put the TV on, quietly, as his friend slept soundly. He felt glad that he was there, in order to look after Sherlock. His job as a GP finally coming in handy, to deal with post-case issues. He did know one thing, however. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be as keen to go near any icy water for a while and that he would learn his lesson. It was the first time John had ever seen Sherlock with so much as a sniffle, and he knew Sherlock was not happy about being ill.
Greg was still on the phone, outside, but was now sat on one of the garden chairs, once again running his hands through his hair in frustration. He was finally getting somewhere with his inquiries and had found that a 14-year-old girl had been approached by two men, matching the descriptions of Smith and Dickinson, who had then proceeded to touch the girl’s breasts and tried to take her pants off. Luckily, someone had been passing the secluded bus shelter and the men ran, and the girl was taken home by the woman who found her, where it was then reported to the police. Greg was glad of the news but felt bad for the poor girl.
John rolled his eyes and chuckled a little at Sherlock’s dramatics. “You’ll be fine in a few days. You’ve just got to ride it out. I’ll pop out in a bit and pick up some stuff that will help. I’ll get you drinking honey and lemon and you will be eating simple things like soup. I’ll just go and get my thermometer so I can check your temperature.”
John smiled too, brushing the curls from Sherlock's forehead with his spare hand, before placing a small kiss to his temple and letting his friend rest.
John stood, shocked into silence. "Sherlock, I... I love you. You know I love you. But I had to leave you."
"Answer it.", John told him, appearing in the kitchen, with an empty tea cup that needed to be washed.
“Er… Myc?”, Greg asked, looking at his partner confused.
Sherlock was one sentence into reading when Rosie said, "Ugh... Unc Lock. No. I want to watch Peppa."
"About time...", Molly said, as the pair re-entered the lab, very much not holding hands.
“That’s true. And, whilst there aren’t any little ears listening in, I wanted to tell you all something. So, I’ve decided that I want a baby and I have been undergoing IVF with a sperm donor. When I told you, Sherlock, that I’d been having a bad day, when you called, it is because I had been informed that it hadn’t worked. But I wanted to make sure… This time it did and I’m 9 weeks pregnant.”, Molly smiled.
"Yup.", Rosie replied, smiling.
Once the boys arrived home, it was all go on the dinner front. Molly had made a lasagne, from scratch, whilst Rosie napped, so John had insisted he make the salad and cook the garlic bread to go with it.
John never wanted to relive losing Sherlock, especially now he definitely isn't coming back...
“Of course, John. There is a car outside waiting for us.”, Mycroft smiled a little, as though he had anticipated John’s pleas. Nodding, John ran upstairs and got a warmer jacket, so Sherlock could have his coat back, whilst Greg got some shoes and a jacket. They were out of the house really quickly and on their way.
All the way home, as Rosie hummed to herself happily, Sherlock seemed to be a little dazed. He wasn’t sure how John would take such a request but hoped that he would allow Rosie to audition. After all, an audition didn’t mean that she would definitely get the part, right?
"He's a genius, how didn't he know that?", Kitty questioned.
“Five minutes, eh?”, John chuckled.
“We didn’t leave her alone until bedtime. Mycroft was being particularly over-protective, which I should have thought more of but didn’t. He made sure that there was always at least one of us with her at all times. It should have rung alarm bells.”, Greg rambled.
“It is much appreciated. I will leave you with my card. If he ends up in a cell, please give me a call.”, Mycroft then said, before dropping his card on the desk and leaving the office without a goodbye.
They looked at few more places, until they came to their last stop. Niddry Street Vaults, probably one of the most popular sites for paranormal activity in the city, according to their guide. The stories here were far more fascinating to Sherlock at the mention of Burke and Hare, and the possibility of them having stored murder victims down there. Sherlock, ever since he had been young, had been fascinated with the men who killed people and then sold them on for profit to science. It had meant that pathology came on in leaps and bounds. Sherlock was excited to talk to Molly about it. He knew she would love the history side of her incredible job.
"What show is it, Rosie?", Greg asked.
“I love you too, John.”
“Do get in, Greg… You’ll get ill.”, Mycroft insisted, before Greg got into the back of the car. He was already soaked through, by the downpour outside, as he had left his umbrella in his car, the day before.
"Have you been talking to Rosie?", Sherlock asked, in reply.
“It certainly is.”, Sherlock replied, with a smile.
“No, it isn’t Mycroft.”, Greg said, not quite looking the men in the eye.
Sherlock was not there he got back, but John wasn’t expecting him to be. Due to the nature of the case, John knew very little about it. In fact, he wasn’t really needed at all. He sat for around half an hour, looking at the TV in the corner of the room, which was switched on, but he wasn’t really watching it. He then got a phone call.
“That’s where you’re wrong, John. It is me who is lucky to have you.”
“Well, it seems as though you were right, love.”, Greg smiled at Mycroft.
Sherlock and Rosie set off to meet John from work when disaster strikes and Rosie is a star...
Rosie took up her usual position on one end of the sofa, whilst Sherlock and John sat next to her. John pulled the blanket down off the back and threw it over them all, before they settled down and watched the film.
Things were all fine. Until Eurus. John was his rock throughout it all and Sherlock only felt like he could face it all because of his presence. When he had told Mycroft that John was family, he meant it. John Watson was his everything. Mycroft had known of his brother’s feelings towards the ex-army doctor, but hadn’t quite realised the full extent of it until he had seen John Watson’s small smile, as Sherlock barked that he was family, to him. It was then that Mycroft Holmes knew that John Watson felt the same way. And that made him feel even worse, for having kept so much from Sherlock for so long.
“Anyway… Rosie. Why don’t you tell us something new that you have learnt today?”, Molly said, quickly trying to diffuse the tension. Rosie had been eating happily, until she had noticed that her Uncle’s attention was now on the strange man at the other end of the table.
“Dada is okay, Papa. Don’t worry.”, Rosie told him, placing her small hand on his cheek.
They had been sat not even half an hour when the front door was answered to the criminal pair, and Sherlock’s eyes shot open. All of John’s irritations seemed to dissipate as he went into ‘Vatican Cameos’ mode, and he moved to Sherlock’s side, somewhat subconsciously, so that he was there in case anything was to happen. Greg and Mycroft were on high alert also. They all listened carefully to conversation:
John immediately put his stuff down and went to find Sherlock, leaving the girls in the kitchen.
“I’m sure the gentlemen know that, dear… No need for your bad language. We always knew that it’d only be a matter of time before he was back in prison. He has already served a two-year sentence for assault, you see… And, well… My Janie was in love and nothing we, or anyone else, said could have stopped her from marrying that man. If we hadn’t have agreed, they’d have eloped anyway and we preferred to keep them close, if there was nothing to stop them, so we could keep an eye on them.”, Mrs Brown explained.
“Okay… How about I do shepherd’s pie then? It’s the easiest to warm up and I don’t need to make any veg to go with it because I always put the veg inside it.”, Molly told him.
“I’ll let him answer that himself.”
“Get out of the house. Now.”, Mycroft ordered, his face stern.
“Dad?”, Rosie said softly, causing John to snap out of his trance.
"You have a point.", John replied, also chuckling, whilst patting Sherlock's back lightly. "I'm sure Rosie will introduce to it, anyway, Sherlock."
"I love the quotes... I'm guessing they were your idea?", Kitty asked her friend.
"Ribs. Side. Bleeding.", Sherlock got out. "Rosie?", he added.
“I guess it helps when you’re shagging the British government.”, John muttered, so only Sherlock could hear, causing the detective to splutter and having to try and cover it up with a cough.
“Well, I had to do something. People were just standing there letting it happen. I couldn’t do that. Especially when it was my potential future in-law that it was happening to. Is he okay?”
The group had been on a holiday to a private island off the coast of Greece, where Rosie loved seeing the sea, and Molly enjoyed the break, as a new mother, where she constantly had help from people who could watch Scott for an hour or so whilst she actually slept. They had returned even closer than they’d ever been, as a unit, than they’d been before.
“As in a date?”
"But that's stupid. Rosie and Ollie have two dads. It doesn't mean that we have less love or care because we don't have a Mummy.", Eddie replied.
“Yes, Rosie, my lovely? What is it?”, Molly asked.
"What do you mean, finally moving on?", John questioned.
“I enjoyed it very much, Rosie.”
Sherlock watched John warily, as he took his coat and scarf off and hung them up.
Rosie did just that. She ran as fast as her little legs would carry her to the door she had seen the nasty man come out of. Once she was through it, she found she was outside and carried on running. Tears streaming down her face, she cried as she shouted, “Help! Help!”
“Sofa snuggle?”, Rosie asked, a little apprehensively. It was something they used to do when she was little.
John Watson was led, almost blindly, as his daughter pulled him along behind her Papa’s coffin. John had hoped, all of those years before, that he would never have to go through that grief again. He was wrong. He wanted to hate Sherlock for leaving him behind again, but he found that he couldn’t. It was a nice enough day, luckily. It wasn’t wall to wall sunshine, but it wasn’t trashing it down either. Rosie wasn’t crying. In fact, she had yet to cry. John clung to her, like she was his lifeline. In a way, she was. She seemed to have grown up so fast. 20 years old… Time had flown by. And John couldn’t believe Sherlock wasn’t there to see how she had blossomed. In his final few months, Sherlock Holmes had refused treatment. The cancer was incurable, so he had taken the decision to live a more fulfilling life, rather than a longer, drawn out one. The doctors said he wouldn’t reach his 15
"Fine, then. We won't go to the park.", John replied, sitting down in his armchair, and picking up that days paper.
One last message from Mary arrives at 221B Baker Street...
"Thank you, Rosie.", Sherlock smiled, amazed at how erudite the little girl was, with being only 21 months old.
She opened the door quietly and snuck in to find her Dads asleep, facing each other, their limbs entangled with each-others. Both of them were sleeping, her Papa was even snoring lightly. Careful not to wake either of them, she climbed up onto their bed and curled up between them, falling asleep again as she listened to her Dads breathing in unison.
When Mycroft arrived, Greg was sat on the floor, against the wall, opposite the door to ICU, waiting.
“What?”
“We met at Uni. I was doing Chemistry, obviously, and he was studying marine biology. He didn’t make fun of me like everyone else did, and found my quirks fascinating, rather than irritating. We were friends at first until, one night, after being in the labs until late, he kissed me. We were together for a year and a half… Things changed, though. He got some new friends and started doing drugs. I took them too, to keep him happy and with me. I think I thought that he would leave me if I didn’t do what he was. He then got in trouble with the police, and Mycroft stepped in. I had always known that Mycroft didn’t like him, but he never said anything until then. In the two weeks I didn’t see him, he got married to a childhood friend. His mother had been involved, it would seem, as she wanted him to clean his act up. The drugs were already there, so I turned to them as comfort. The last time I saw Oli… Well, things didn’t go well. He’d started hitting me after a year and I’d let it happen because I was in love with him. The last time I saw him, I confronted him. He was married, by that time, so I knew I’d nothing else left to lose. He beat me so hard that I had to be operated on. I never saw him again.”, Sherlock explained.
“Yeah. He’s in the far corner of the lab.”
Due to Sherlock opting to take Rosie to a matinee performance, it was still light outside, and Rosie had to rush to get her ballet things, once they were back home, as she still had her ballet class that evening.
Sherlock grinned, as they carefully began their move towards the West Entrance of the complex. Moving quickly and quietly, John pulled his gun out of the back of his jeans, ready to jump into action if he needed to.
"No, Sherlock, because when you ignore him, he either phones me, picks me up off the street when I am trying to buy milk, or he will turn up here physically (which I know you don't want)."
“It did hurt a bit. I’m okay, though. No permanent damage. And I made sure that security got that woman’s details.”
Not going to lie, guys... Breeders kinda inspired this one. For those of you who don't know it's a comedy/drama that was co-created by Martin Freeman. If you haven't seen it, go watch it. It's phenomenal. It's now on my 'Can't Sleep? Watch this...' list... Anyway... Yeah. Enjoy!
"Are you okay?", Sherlock asked, as he approached.
Once they’d pulled away, Sherlock seemed to leap into action.
Molly placed Rosie on the floor and yelled, “Rosie, run!”
Coronavirus wards are resembling battlefields. And I should know. I have witnessed and worked through both.
Once Rosie had been to the toilet, and they had all got a drink, they were back in the car. They didn’t see either Greg or Mycroft around.
“Okay, love. See you later.”, John said, before placing a kiss to Rosie’s cheek, and a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s lips, before Sherlock took Rosie’s hand and they set off to dance.
"Rosie has been able to recite the whole of the periodic table since she was 3. A bit of homework doesn't do her any harm, right, love?", Sherlock smiled.
“Ewww…”, Sherlock cringed, not used to seeing his big brother smooching anyone, let alone one of his best friends.
Sherlock walked around the girl's bedroom first, noting her open diary, where she had written about the night before. It read:
“Looks as though we’ll be spoilt for choice when it comes to rooms to hide in.”, John commented as they walked up the front path, through a small rose garden.
"Ready?", Sherlock asked. John nodded simply, trying to swallow the lump in his throat.
"No, Rosie.", Sherlock stated.
“It’s called a fever Sherlock. You need plenty of fluids. Here, drink this.”, John told him, handing him a fresh bottle of water, that had been on the desk.
Sherlock put his hand out, for his goddaughter to take, and they set off down the stairs.
"Rosie? Who is Dada?", Sherlock asked, causing Rosie to point at John.
Sherlock was worse than John had seen him in a long time. The case they had just helped Greg's team with had been a difficult one to stomach. It had involved three children, between the ages of 5 and 10, who had been brutally slashed to bits by their step-father. The youngest child had been a little girl, aged 5. The same age as Rosie. It seemed to massively shake Sherlock up.
Case of the century, John! Definitely a 12 out of 10... Have Rosie with me - will leave her with an officer while I work - SH
“Don’t worry, John… I know your arm is uncomfortable, but this won’t take much longer. I’d say 20 minutes, at the most.”, Mycroft smiled.
“Rosie would never be able to resent anyone. She doesn’t have it in her.” Sherlock chuckled.
“That bastard…”, Sherlock commented through gritted teeth.
“I’ll be five minutes.”, he shouted back, his lips millimetres from John’s.
Sherlock was blushing and, if she was being honest, Molly thought it was adorable.
“No. Something is wrong.”, Sherlock replied, before letting go and running up to Greg.
Something happens at pick-up time which leaves John a little perplexed...
“Greg… We need to follow this up. Where were they last?”, Sherlock asked.
“Nothing much, no. He’s talking to someone from high up in the government. Oliver will pay for this… I will kill him if I have to. You both don’t need this right now. None of us need any more shit thrown at us, for Christ’s sake. I’m sure Mycroft will ring when he knows something.”, Greg said.
“No, never say that, Sherlock. Of course, she is your daughter. That’s not what I meant, at all. I meant that she loves you to pieces and I am so lucky that I have the pair of you. When we first got together, I was worried. I knew that Rosie loved you as Uncle Lock, but I wanted her, so desperately, to love you as Pa. I didn’t want her to resent you for not being Mary.”
“Sorry, Sherlock. I was miles away. What were you saying?”
"Okay.", Sherlock smiled. John could hear it in his voice.
“Was it definitely them?”, John asked.
"No, Rosie, you can't. And, anyway, you wouldn't even be watching anything if your Dad hadn't have left his Netflix, so you are going to watch this, and we're not going to argue about it."
"Yes, sweetie?", Sherlock asked his goddaughter.
They stood at the school gates, waiting, as they had got there 5 minutes early, and John engaged in a simple conversation with one of the Mum's of a girl from Rosie's class (who was clearly flirting with John but getting nowhere). She was relentless in her efforts, however. So, Sherlock simply, as the woman was talking, wrapped his arm around John's shoulder, and pulled him in closer. John threw Sherlock a questioning look, to get one of 'go with this' in reply. John simply carried on listening to the woman, who was complaining about the homework their children were being given.
“What are you sorry for?”, John asked, looking up from his book.
“Okay, love.”, Sherlock said, with a small smile. He loved how affectionate his partner when he was tired. He knew, however, how irritable he could also be, so it was best to stay on his good side, when he was feeling that way.
“It isn’t that I didn’t think you would support me. It’s just, well, this guy at college said that it made sense that two poofs would raise another poof, and it made me mad. I just, well, I know people will always be horrible and close-minded, but I just wanted to tell you. In case someone like him decided to out me. Not that I mind being outed. I just didn’t want to be before I told you. And Pa, I know what you’re thinking… I am not going to tell you the name of the boy.”
“Greg? What is it? Is it Mycroft? Is he hurt?”, John asked, a little out of breath.
"I'm fine, John. Just stop asking.", Sherlock snapped in reply.
"No, John. I'm not back on the drugs.", Sherlock answered, ignoring John's comment about promising him he wouldn't smoke.
The paramedic then climbed into the back and allowed both Sherlock and John to stay with Rosie, considering the situation. Rosie was taken to the hospital and both Rosie and Molly were out and on the mend within a week, just in time for them all to travel back to London. Due to the trying time they’d had whilst they were away, Mycroft had chartered a private jet to fly them from Edinburgh to London. Rosie was extremely excited by this and couldn’t stop thanking her Uncle Mycroft for taking her on a plane.
Sherlock observed the simplicity of the entry, but noted that when the boyfriend left, the family were still alive, and that there were no clashes with the father and the boyfriend not getting on. Sherlock looked around the rest of the rooms of the house, noting how the phone lines had been cut, and how there were three mobile phones smashed to pieces in the kitchen bin. This was no ordinary murder, as any idiot could see, but what Sherlock could also see was that the murderer was not known to the area or the family - perhaps working on a tip off of some kind.
“Yeah, I guess. But only if Pa agrees to not grill her and scare her off. I really like her.”
“Okay!
“If she loses that baby… I will fucking end him.”, John said.
"Okay... Now is the winter of out discontent."
“Brilliant. I will be half an hour, at most.”
Rosie spotted her Fathers first, pointed and waving, which made Molly look over in their direction, smiling. (A smile that grew even bigger when she saw that Sherlock’s arm was wrapped around his blogger’s waist). When they reached the girls, Sherlock pulled his arm away from John, just to place Rosie on his shoulders, before he pulled John back towards him. Molly pushed the empty pram, which was doubling as a luggage trolley, smiling like an idiot. Rosie was loving being so high up because she could see right down the street. A few people recognised Sherlock and John, but didn’t go up to them, due not wanting to disturb the family holiday. After a few minutes of walking, the group stopped to watch a children’s magician, who Rosie seemed to fall in love with. Where John and Molly joined in the fun, laughing at the bad jokes and showing their appreciation of skill, Sherlock stood there rolling his eyes and huffing. John elbowed him in the ribs and gave him a look, so he stopped but still stood with a scowl. After they’d begun to walk again, John spotted a stand, where they were selling tickets to a ghost tour and smiled. Whilst Sherlock went to the toilet, and Molly and Rosie were picking out souvenirs for the child’s Uncle Greg, Uncle Mycroft and Nana Hudson, John bought two tickets for a midnight walk the next day, knowing it would be even more fun to go on a ghost walk with Sherlock debunking everything that was said.
"He reserves his memory space for stuff that he deems to be important. For example, he didn't know that the earth went around the sun, but he still knew Dad's favourite flavour of crisps and what size jumper he wears, long before they even considered themselves to be best friends, let alone before they actually got together and got married.", Rosie said.
"John?", Sherlock asked, his voice hoarse.
“Of course, he did.”, Sherlock said, rolling his eyes, but there wasn’t any malice in it, as there might have been before. The brothers really had turned a corner in their relationship. Sherrinford and the atrocities they faced together had made a bond between them. One that meant they had to stick together, or they would both fall completely apart.
"I'll go.", John said, pulling away and leaving so quickly that it made Sherlock have to think about whether John had been there at all, nearly kissing him, or whether his vivid imagination was running away with him.
“Well, that didn’t take long.” John commented.
“I have something to tell you.”, she said, not looking up from where she had fixed her gaze at her hands in her lap.
“No one is blaming you, love. I would never blame you. Not ever again. I’m sorry. Again, I’m sorry. I love you.”, John told him.
“It’s just a cold. They are very common at this time of the year. What’s your temperature like?”
“Mm?”
Sherlock and Rosie were still talking to each other in hushed tones, as John finally entered the flat to put away the milk in the fridge.
“How is my little mouse?”, Mycroft asked them.
Rolling his eyes, John muttered to himself, "Always the drama queen.", before running after his taller friend, who (no doubt) had already hailed a cab - which he seemed to be very good at.
“We?”, Sherlock smiled, jokingly.
Once they got over the initial embarrassment, the four men said their goodbyes to the girls, all four of them getting big cuddles off Rosie, and headed out. They all climbed in the hire car, which Mycroft was driving, and headed off to the Brown’s house for the first stage of their plan.
“Didn’t think funding things was your division.”, Sherlock smirked.
Greg and John burst out laughing, as Sherlock stood there, looking even more confused.
“Definitely, mate… We’ll have plenty of room as well. Many a time have I been stuck on a stake out, pressed up against Dimmock or Donovan in the dark in a tiny, cupboard-sized room, for hours on end. Let me tell you, Dimmock isn’t as boring as he first appears. He knows some filthy jokes.”, Lestrade told him, chuckling, making John smile a little.
When they went downstairs, Mycroft was sat smugly at the kitchen table, with Greg beaming like an excited child, and Molly also grinning from ear to ear.
After Sherinnford, when John had moved back into Baker Street with Rosie, John thought that things would, maybe, progress and that they would end up in a relationship of sorts. That didn't happen, however.
“Oh, John… If only Mum could see you now, eh? She would be so goddamn proud.”
"I love you, Sherlock. And, I want you to know... If you ever need to talk about anything, and I mean anything, then I won't judge you. I'll just simply be here."
“They are Richard Smith and Perry Dickinson. Both ex-convicts, as I said. They weren’t associated with each other, though, until after they both served their time. They are currently working their way through the North of England, doing small jobs to get them by. We think it’s them who are doing them, anyway. We got a tip off. Someone who was in prison with Dickinson. He told them they had been given this job, and he decided to actually report it.”, Lestrade informed them.
LOVE YOU. That's what had been written on the disc, this time.
“And you have every right to feel so. She exploited the situation, Sherlock, because of who you are. Although, I reckon, once Mycroft is done with her, she will no longer be able to find work. And as for her crazy cousin… Well, they have gone against the crown. That in itself is an imprisonable offence.”
“Sounds lovely, love.”
John got ready in silence, opting for a button-down shirt with a pair of jeans and his softer shoes, due to the weather being gorgeous already (despite it barely being 7:30am). Before he knew it, John was sat in the front passenger seat of the hire car, as Sherlock drove them to the police station. John pretended that he didn’t notice Mycroft reach for Greg’s hand across the middle seat in the back of the car, wanting them to enjoy their relationship in peace, without him gawking at them in the rear- view mirror, wishing he could do that with Sherlock without potentially ruining everything. Even though Mycroft had told him that Sherlock felt the same way, he didn’t want to scare Sherlock away. Despite his claims of being free from emotion, Sherlock had become extremely unstable. His time alone, when Mary had died, had been difficult, especially when he had to dose himself up on drugs massively and struggle to keep himself from overdosing and killing himself because he no longer had his John. Not that John knew that, of course. They had been through so much, too much, pain that they didn’t want to tread on each other’s toes, which was an issue. It meant they were denying themselves of each other.
"Then you need to put your wellies on. Are you going to put them on without kicking off, or are we going to sit inside all day?", John asked his daughter.
Greg had taken the tube into work, that morning, and was regretting that decision when he had finished the last report and he stepped out into the rain. He only got half-way to the end of the street when a black car pulled up beside him and the door opened to reveal Mycroft Holmes.
“No, you’re not.”
“Perfect. Thank you.”, Sherlock smiled, before giving her a friendly peck to the cheek.
Molly dominated the conversation, making everyone laugh with stories of children that she taught and the antics they got up to. One story in particular, about a little girl called Rosie, made them laugh. Rosie was a character. She was as good as gold but bossy and was only 6. She walked around with an air of authority and never got bullied and was friends with everyone, especially those who were not confident.
“Oh, Rosie… My gorgeous girl.”, Sherlock smiled, putting his arms out to receive his daughter.
"Sherlock... You'd better see this.", John called through to their shared bedroom. It hadn't been long since they had, finally, admitted their feelings for one another, and it had been going really well. John didn't want the arrival of the new disc to put a spanner in the works.
The pair left the house not even five minutes after and began to walk towards the castle. Due to the crowds, Sherlock found himself reaching for John, once they got closer, wrapping his arm around his waist and pulling him close, but also making sure to not hurt John’s arm in the process. John smiled massively at the gesture and didn’t move away or make a fuss.
“You mad woman! I bloody love you.” John replied.
“I’m sorry.”, Sherlock said, once they had been sat for a few minutes in a comfortable silence.
For the first few weeks, John barely slept. He sat, staring at Sherlock’s violin, like he was willing it to play. Sherlock always used to play for him when he couldn’t sleep. He visited Sherlock’s grave once a week, and would spend anything up to four hours, stood talking to him. John always used to make fun of his husband for continuing to talk when John wasn’t there. Now that Sherlock was really gone, John could see the appeal.
Oh, hi, Jess! Jess is brilliant. Pa worked with her Dad on a case, about 6 years ago now, I think, and we have been friends ever since.
“I love you too.”, Sherlock replied, before he leant forwards and kissed John softly on the lips. Both men could taste the salt of the other’s tears, which made more tears fall.
“I’ll find out and let you know. Thank you for this, Detective Inspector.”, Mycroft said, smiling a little, but the worry was emanating from the man.
"Of course. I wouldn't miss it for the world.", he smiled, jumping up from his chair and pulling his coat on, over his jumper.
Anyhow, all was calm. The time came for Rosie to be picked up from school and John was surprised when Sherlock got his coat on and joined him on the school run. Usually, Sherlock only joined John on a Tuesday and Thursday, if he wasn't occupied with a case. And it was a Wednesday. Sherlock didn't bring it up, however, so John didn't either. They simply walked together, in a comfortable silence, the twenty minutes that it took to get to Rosie's primary school.
“I have to go down to the station, Myc has some work with Oliver to get finished. We’ve booked for ‘Dynamic Earth’ for tomorrow though. Well, I have. My treat for my gorgeous niece.”, Greg smiled, tickling Rosie as she giggled hysterically.
The four of them walked a little further, until Rosie began falling asleep on Sherlock’s shoulders, slumping so that she was using the top of her Papa’s head as a pillow. Sherlock carefully brought Rosie down and placed the young girl in her pram, and the three agreed to take her back to the house, where she could nap peacefully.
"I’m clever. That’s why, Dada.", she beamed, a cheeky grin showing a hint of Mary's sarcastic nature.
“Well, do you want to go home?” Sherlock asked in reply.
"Has anything been taken? Money, for example?", Sherlock asked.
"No, Rosie. I am not so easily swayed by your cuteness as your Godmother is. You must remember... I don't do sentimentality, which is why you probably like your Aunt Molly more than you like me, but then so does everyone else, so there is no change there.", Sherlock stated, rather matter-of-factly.
As they were singing, Oliver, who had disappeared long before Molly had come around from slumber to find herself where she was, with Rosie hurt, and crying over her, came into the room. Molly pulled the little girl right into her chest and Rosie clung on for dear life.
John then sat there with a grin, until he heard the door go, about 20 minutes later. Sherlock entered the room with his usual grace and gave John a smile.
Sherlock was sat in the library when the others entered, his eyes closed and his hand steepled under his chin. John huffed with irritation and went to sit away from Sherlock, behind one of the book-shelves, where he knew he wouldn’t be able to see him. Greg looked towards Mycroft, who didn’t seem fazed, but Greg felt like the tension in the room could be cut like a knife. The Holmes boys were, as always, oblivious to something that seemed so obvious.
Sherlock looked straight into John’s eyes, like he was trying to read what was going on in John’s head. His other hand then came up to rest on John’s cheek.
The day that John moved back into Baker Street was the probably the best day Sherlock had experienced in a while. Sherlock helped John unpack the few boxes he had, and kept Rosie entertained with a game of knee bouncing and tickling whilst John sorted his and Rosie's clothes into the wardrobe of his old room.
"What is it, love?", Sherlock asked, coming into the living room, clad in his pyjamas and blue robe. John didn't say anything. He simply held out the disc for Sherlock to see, and Sherlock looked like he was going to be sick.
“Yeah, chick?”
Breakfast was a quiet affair, with the group sitting around the table, all eating toast (as that was all they could make with what food they had in) and drinking tea and milk. Greg filled them in, as they were finishing up, on what they were to expect that day, before John washed up whilst Sherlock got himself and Rosie dressed, and the other three got washed up and dressed. Sherlock left Rosie with Molly, who was ready for her day of shopping and babysitting and began to get ready himself. John had finished washing up so also went to get ready. When he opened the bedroom door, he found a half-naked Sherlock.
“Really, really.”, Sherlock replied, before pulling John down into a soft kiss that quickly escalated into more as John moved so that he was now straddling Sherlock.
It was nearing four o’clock in the afternoon by the time the four men were pulling up outside the house, in the hire car. On the way back, Sherlock had pestered his older brother (and had then used blackmail by threatening to show Greg his baby photos) so that he was on a promise that he could drive the car the next day. John was glad of this as it meant he would be able to ride in the front, something he had not done for years, properly, due to his constant jumping in and out of the back of taxis.
“My pleasure, little brother. Now, I have work to do. Enjoy the rest of your evening, everyone. I shall see you all tomorrow.” Mycroft said, before placing a kiss to his husband’s lips and bidding everyone in the room a goodbye.
Someone clearing their throat, however, caused them to pull apart and look up to find Mycroft and Oliver.
"Susan.", Sherlock said, with a big fake smile, putting Rosie down. The trio then walked away, Rosie in the middle, holding a hand of each of her Fathers, chatting away to them happily.
That night, it felt weird as Sherlock led John into his room, after putting Rosie to bed upstairs. Sherlock sat down on the edge of his bed, pulled John down onto his lap and nuzzled his face into John’s neck, making John smile.
“Very well. You may go and pack.” the Queen replied, before Sebasitan left the room, not once looking in the Prince’s direction.
"Yeah.", Sherlock agreed.
Greg looked as though he was about to hit him square in the nose, and Rosie had taken refuge with her Fathers and her Auntie Molly (who was stood protectively in front of the men and young girl despite her being pregnant).
John then left the room and made his way up the stairs to grab his stuff. He came back down with a digital thermometer and his stethoscope around his neck.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He simply leant down and pressed his lips, lightly, to John’s. It was so soft, barely a whisper. Sherlock went to pull back, but John had other ideas. John’s arms came up to wrap around Sherlock’s neck, one hand buried in his curls, as he brought Sherlock in for a second kiss. John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s more firmly and let his tongue glide across Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock gasped, at the sensation, and John used it as an opportunity to let his tongue explore Sherlock’s mouth. As soon as it had happened, Sherlock was answering back, his tongue fighting against John’s. John tried to suppress a moan, making Sherlock pull back.
"No, Rosie."
"Oh, right, yeah... Like me.", John smiled.
"I didn't tell you for you, John. I did it because I have a bet with my dear Gregory that you will get together by Christmas, which is only 5 months away.", Mycroft smirked, before leaving the kitchen and joining the other two in the living room again.
As John thought about all of this, his absently played with his husband's curls. Sherlock sunk into his mind palace, to work on the case they had at that moment but was always aware of John's hand in his hair. It remained his anchor to the real world.
I’m sure the cold, winter air isn’t helping any of this.
"I suppose we'd better watch it, then.", Sherlock said, taking it from John's hands, to put into the DVD player. John sat on the sofa, and Sherlock joined him, once the DVD was ready, taking John's hand in his and lacing their fingers together.
“I thought you were her favourite Auntie.”, Sherlock grinned at his brother.
“Of course, everything is okay. Why wouldn’t it be?”, Sherlock asked, still pacing.
"Anyway, I'd best be off. Come to the station tomorrow for half 10? I'll take you through the evidence and we can see if you can pick anything up from it. I can also take you to where the latest body was found, if that's helpful?", Greg asked Sherlock.
"Not until a hot January."
The day of the theatre trip was a big one, for Rosie. The song in the show, about it being the three of them had been adopted by the Watson-Holmes household and Rosie was often found humming it to herself as she did her homework or helped Sherlock with an experiment. It had become their anthem, in a way. Rosie was so well-behaved throughout the watching of the show, only speaking when she whispered, “It’s our song, Papa.”, to Sherlock, when their song began. Sherlock had to admit that it was a good production. As much as musical theatre wasn’t his thing, every moment was worth it for seeing the look on Rosie’s little face, as the car began to fly in the theatre. She was astounded and mesmerised. John had watched his husband and daughter with a smile, as they chatted about the costumes and dancing and singing, as they all ate a tiny, overpriced ice cream each, in the interval.
In the third week post-Eurus, Mycroft was doing better. He could get to mid-afternoon without wanting to be sick and he found himself smiling every time Greg text him a silly message, as he did half-hourly, no matter what he was doing, just to try and get a reaction out of the ice man who, unbeknownst to Greg, was slowly melting thanks to his healing. On the Wednesday, Mycroft was surprised by Greg, when he left his office. After the first week, Greg had begun appearing at his house, rather than his office, and his trying day meant that Greg had been a welcome surprise.
“Rosie adores Mycroft and you know it, Sherlock. And he adores her too. There is nothing to worry about.”
“I don’t sleep as much as you, anyway. Plus, you have been on the go for 20 hours. And you have another 6 to go before you even leave the surgery.”, Sherlock commented, as he set about making coffee.
Rosie was having a nap when they got in, so they all stayed quiet and filled their pathologist baby-sitter, Molly, in on what had occurred at the Browns. Molly listened intently and then made an excellent point to the boys, the Holmes’ being particularly grateful for a female input as they were very much lacking in that area.
"Of course, he did it to get one up on his new little boyfriend.", John muttered to himself, smiling slightly, due to it being such a Mycroft thing to do. He should have realised that Mycroft did nothing that didn't get him any personal gain.
"Fine. Sherlock's help...", John said, getting annoyed at his husband.
“Sorry?”
"Very. Come on... I'll fill you and Lestrade in at the same time. I just need to get Rosie."
“Well, she has a broken arm. A gash on her face, which won’t need stitches. And, she has two broken fingers, on the same side as her broken arm. And three suspected cracked ribs.”, John told Sherlock.
“Detective Inspector. How can I help you?”, he asked, smoothly.
"At Mycroft's or your parents?", John asked.
“That was beautiful, Sherlock.”, John told him, later that night, after Sherlock had made full advantage of John in a new suit.
“Yes, love?”, Mycroft questioned.
One day, Sherlock arrived at the lab, with John in tow. Rosie, it seemed, was spending time with Mrs Hudson, as the crime fighting duo were on a case. But something was different.
"We're going back to Baker Street. You said, once, that there was a piece of me missing and that the piece that was missing was at Baker Street. I always thought you meant the flat itself, but I know, now, what you meant. And I am going to tell him. I am. I know you would have supported this. I'm sorry it never worked properly. But I'm glad you were Mary Watson, even if it was just for a short while. I will always love you."
"You're not the first one to say it, Mols.", John chuckled, wrapping an arm around Sherlock's waist, before placing a small kiss on his cheek, which made the detective blush even further.
He turned around, picking Rosie up, and smiling at John widely. "I never thought it'd happen, either."
“We did, didn’t we, Papa?”, John smiled.
John pulled Sherlock closer, one hand on his cheek, the other resting on his hip, and placed a soft kiss to his lips. Sherlock responded by drooping his arms across John’s shoulders, one hand burying in his hair, as he pulled him as close to him as humanly possible.
“Oliver… What he said to me, knowing you wouldn’t be able to understand him.”, Sherlock replied.
“I feel freezing, John. Like there is ice running through my veins.”
“Well, I shall have to talk to my husband about it, but I am sure that would be amazing. Thank you.”, Sherlock replied.
That shocked John, making him nearly drop his laptop, that was precariously balanced on his lap.
“Someone to care for. To be there for. I have you two. Someone to do for. Muddle through for. I have you two.”, Rosie sang happily, as she made her way down the stairs.
“Are you sure?”, Sherlock asked, still very clearly shocked.
"Yeah, I know.", John smiled in reply, his thoughts drifting to Mary for a split second before they immediately found themselves on the matter of Sherlock again. It was at that moment that John realised that Sherlock was still holding his hand, and wasn't showing any signs, or making any attempt to let go. John looked up at the taller man, and saw an expression on his face, which he couldn't quite read. The pair found themselves leaning closer and closer to each other, their lips nearly touching, when a cry came from the baby monitor, and they realised Rosie had awoken.
The rest of the afternoon was spent feeding the ducks and going on a further walk, before they all went back to Baker Street for a cup of tea. By all accounts, it had been a nice day.
“We fully understand, Mrs Brown. Now, may we look around, in order to find the best place to stake out?”, Mycroft asked.
She sat on the sofa, watching whatever was on the television with unseeing eyes.
“What’s the plan for today?”, Molly asked.
However important his work was to him, Mycroft Holmes, in more recent years, found his attention being divided. A certain divorced, silver-haired Detective Inspector of Scotland Yard had caught his eye years before, when said officer was still married. The way that Greg Lestrade had dropped everything and had cared, unconditionally, for his brother made Mycroft's heart skip a beat. Mycroft had only ever dreamed of finding someone who cared for his brother as nearly as much as he did himself. And Greg had proven that after only the second time of meeting the young consulting detective. He stayed by his hospital bed, along with Mycroft, having felt something that meant he couldn't bring himself to walk away from the young drug addict. And Greg admired, greatly, how much Mycroft did and cared for his younger brother and was only too eager to help. Greg hated seeing Sherlock throw away his talent and beautiful mind. And it helped that Greg found Mycroft's presence and company a little too nice. Not that he would have ever admitted that to the eldest Holmes at the the time, however.
“I do too. There is so much to do up here. There is Blackpool Pleasure Beach, you know, with all the roller coasters, and there is the Sandcastle, which is an indoor waterpark. I was thinking… We could maybe come up during October half-term.”
"John, did you know that this thing is huge?", Sherlock asked him one day.
“That kid is a star.”, Greg said.
“I should hope so. It is what I asked for.”, Rosie stated, her hands on her hips.
"And my brother suggested his niece... How familial of him. Well, you can tell him, Greg, it isn't happening.", Sherlock spat.
The pair then left Lestrade to go home to their daughter and sort out their small holiday in Edinburgh. They sat in the living room of 221B, with Molly, searching for hotels and babysitters as Rosie sat on the floor, playing quietly with her toys and muttering to herself.
“It was the least I could do. And I wish I’d have done more.”, Greg told the eldest Holmes, honestly.
“That is very true. I don’t think anything would stop me now.”
"I am going to try, John. I can't promise it'll happen straight away, but I can try. And, erm... You're a good man too, John.", Sherlock smiled, a rare, genuine smile, and John knew that was all he was going to get, in means  of Sherlock acknowledging their friendship, but he also knew that saying those words was a huge deal for Sherlock. And, for that, John couldn't be anymore grateful.
The three of them tucked into a breakfast of eggs and bacon with toast, accompanied by a glass juice each (and some pain killers for John). Once they had finished, Rosie toddled off to find her Auntie Molly, leaving the boys to themselves for a moment.
Sherlock saw the smile that didn't quite reach John's eyes and nodded. "Of course. Take as long as you need."
Rosie is at an age where the word 'no' is repeated way too much for Sherlock's liking...
“I know, sweetheart, so am I. I’m sorry. Please don’t worry. Dada and Papa and Uncle Greg and Uncle Mycroft will come and save us. They always do.”, Molly said aloud, more as a comfort to herself than Rosie, who saw her Dads and Uncles as superheroes.
"It hurt less than I expected."
"Dada! Papa!", Rosie squealed, launching herself at the men, who caught her together, still looking extremely confused.
“I know.”, Sherlock smiled, stopping for a moment to capture John’s lips softly.
John was confused, and even felt a little bit angry at that. “Why?”, he questioned.
"Yes!", Rosie beamed.
“John, I…”, Sherlock whispered.
"And, if it gets worse, then Papa will talk to the school.", his Dad added.
"It will be Mycroft. Just ignore it."
“What? Who was it?” John asked. Sherlock didn’t reply. He simply just showed the name on his phone to John, who gasped, his eyes wide, as he dove to get his own phone.“Harriet Watson! You have some explaining to do, this time.” John shouted down the phone, with a huge grin.
"Please, Unc Lock.", she pleaded, pulling her cutest face, that always won over her Godmother, Molly.
“That’s so sweet, Sherlock.”, John smiled, before cautiously pecking Sherlock’s cheek, a gesture that was returned on his lips, with a blush.
“Anything.”
I know. And John is too blind to see it. Must have been to do with his latest missus. John missed a date last week. Completely forgot about it, in fact, because he was running around with Sherlock -GL
“Well, I thought we could have a family breakfast in bed. You’re still not 100% John and won’t be for a while yet, and Rosie was all too willing to help out.”, Sherlock replied, climbing on the bed next to John, before helping Rosie up too.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, and waited for a moment for Sherlock to wrap his arms around his waist, before he held him close.
“Sherlock… The body from the crime scene this morning has just arrived.”, Molly shouted through.
“Fish and chips?”, Sherlock asked, gesturing at a small fish shop, on the corner of the road they’d just crossed.
That made John grin like an idiot. “You just said Rosie is your daughter.”
"You're too good at this now, Rosie. We'll have to come up with something else.", Sherlock smiled down at her.
As they got closer, the person turned around, tears streaming down their face, their hair strewn and covered in gashes and bruises that had already begun forming. It was Molly.
“Thanks.”, John said, his hand finding Sherlock’s, as it had done earlier, before they followed the intruder into their family to the table.
How did you know? Never mind, I'll be around at sixish - GL
"Okay. I won't be long.", John said, before kissing Rosie on the cheek. Instead of leaving straight away, he also kissed Sherlock on the cheek, before taking off down the stairs, leaving Sherlock to wonder what the hell had just happened.
"There is more than one?", Sherlock questioned, causing John to just roll his eyes a little, with a smile.
"You know why I refuse to play Cluedo with you Sherlock. I'm not putting myself through that again, thank you very much. Anyway... If you're bored, why don't you go and buy that milk that you said you were buying yesterday?"
A month after that, the men both fell asleep on the sofa together. They woke up the next morning, curled around each other, with Rosie patting Sherlock on the face. Mrs Hudson had got her up, and left the boys to sleep. She knew that they had been out late on a case (and had found them adorable) so had left them to it. Things seemed to shift, after that. John would squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder as he walked past him, and sit with his arm around the back of his chair, when they were sat in the kitchen, eating.
“Do you remember when we’d left Musgrave and you’d read this to me. We’d take it in turns to play the Monster and Dr Frankenstein.”, Sherlock asked his brother, either ignoring or not noticing the way Lestrade and John had stopped looking at the books and begun watching the brothers instead.
"That's because I'm not gay. I'm bisexual."
“Ladies and gentlemen… As you may now know, an issue arose today. It has been dealt with and Irene Adler will no longer be a member of the competition. It is now time for you all to decide whether you would like to stay here until the week is over, or whether you go home. As you have probably gathered, the Prince has made his choice already. That doesn’t mean that you are not welcome here, however. I would like you all to step forward, now, and tell us your decision. Sebastian… We will start with you.” the Queen announced.
"Who? Greg? Why would Greg be there?", John questioned.
"You didn't HAVE to. It's not like you were being threatened.", Sherlock retorted. John didn't say anything, but his gaze wouldn't meet Sherlock's. Sherlock looked at John in shock. "You WERE being threatened? Christ, John... Why didn't you tell me? I could have helped."
“Don’t worry, John… I think they plan to.”, Molly smiled.
John immediately knelt down next to his best friend, and began to check over him.
“I, uh, what?”
"She wasn't too bad, with the wellies, was she?", Sherlock asked his partner.
“It’s a long story…”, Sherlock sighed.
When John came back downstairs, after checking on Rosie, he found an empty, clean kitchen, which confused him. Checking to make sure Sherlock was okay, John quietly widened the gap in Sherlock's bedroom door, and poked his head around. There he found a bundle of curls, wrapped up in blankets and pillows, snoring lightly. Chuckling to himself quietly, John then backed out of Sherlock's room, got himself a glass of water and made his way up to bed himself.
“Oh, no… Don’t drag me into this. This is between you and your Dad.”, Sherlock told her.
“Yeah. Took you long enough. I have loved you since the day we met.”
“Just come here.”
"Of course, it is.", Greg chuckled, rolling his eyes.
“She didn’t hurt you, did she? When she was hitting you? I can’t believe that people just stood around and watched her do it. Thank God for that one woman who stopped it.”
“Of course, John… Of course, I will. But, you will get through this. You have to get through this. Please… I need you.”, Sherlock said, tears rolling down his cheeks, with John not being able to catch them before they fell, like he usually did.
“Rosie!”
"Take me home.", John whispered in Sherlock's ear.
“No.”
West Entrance. White transit van with what looks like three occupants. GL.
“What’s for dinner?”, Greg asked.
When they got to the meeting place, just in time, there were only five other people on the tour, what with most of Edinburgh attending Fringe shows. The woman doing the tour was a short, rather plump, blonde University student, who took on the job due to her love of Stephen King novels (all told to John by Sherlock, of course). They started their tour at Greyfairs Kirkyard, in Old Town Edinburgh. The story there was of a small dog, one named Greyfairs Bobby, who guarded the grave of his dead owner for more than 10 years after his owner had died. When the dog eventually died, he was buried in the cemetery also, in a piece of land just inside the gates of the cemetery. The woman told the group of how his bark can still be heard, but they didn’t hear anything that night. They were also told of the ghost of George McKenzie, a barrister who had been responsible for the deaths of thousands of Covenanters (which Sherlock had to explain to John). The tour guide even revealed that she, herself, had been pushed over by the ghost, as many others had, as she was passing his mausoleum. Sherlock scoffed at that, until John gave him his ‘bit not good’ look, and he stopped.
“Thank you.”, John said, simply, with a smile, before placing a quick kiss to his lips.
"No, Unc Lock. Peppa."
Smith then spilt everything to the pair, and sat in despair, as Greg and Sherlock joined the other two in the next room.
"Holy shit... So, you need our help?", John questioned, in shock, a little, from what he had just heard.
“Come on, Sherlock… We have had the year from hell, and we’re only half-way through it. Please, for me, can we just go. Rosie would love the street acts, and we can hire a babysitter for up there, when we need one. Sorting the case out will only take a day. We could go for four days. There is that museum/exhibit thing, ‘Dynamic Earth’, which I’m sure Rosie would love. Please… For me.”, John begged.
Sherlock has coronavirus. He is currently lay in bed, struggling to breath and coughing his guts up. Rosie has been staying downstairs with Mrs H, who has been a god send, and I have been looking after him. I haven’t tested positive. But Sherlock is just so ill. His high temperature means his curls are sticking to his forehead and he is so pale. I have to fight with him to eat on a normal day, so I bet you guess what he is like at the moment. I just hope he recovers okay.
"I GOT THE PART DAD!!!", Rosie yelled down the phone.
“You’re never too old for a sofa snuggle, Dad.”, Rosie smiled.
“Yeah. Good…”
“What shall I cook for dinner? I can do shepherd’s pie, meatballs in a tomato sauce, tarragon chicken or I can do something else? We’ll have to see what we have in as to what I can come up with.”, Molly asked the pair, who were walking beside her, Sherlock still very my keeping John close.
“Well, that was weird.”, Greg huffed, as he sat down behind his desk.
The two men then told the married couple a lie of how they were innocent but being accused of a horrid crime, but they did not divulge the details of that crime, as Sherlock had hoped. He had wanted them to be more elaborate but they had been boring, instead. After a few more minutes, with the criminals being none the wiser, Greg gave the nod and it was all systems go. The house descended into chaos as the two criminals realised what was happening and the Browns ran to get out of the house, as had been instructed, so they were not injured. The back-up had been called, but in the scuffle, Greg had been pinned to the floor by Perry, who had a knife, an inch above his head. Luckily, Mycroft was to hand, as he picked up the heaviest thing in his vicinity (which happened to be vase) and smacked it across the back of the man’s head, knocking him out in the process. Meanwhile, Richard also had a knife and was attacking John. Sherlock was trying to pull the man back, but he was a lot stronger, and flung Sherlock across the room, making his back smash into a wall and for him to get winded. John had quick reflexes, but the skill of the man he was fighting meant the knife was plunged right into his right arm, causing him to scream out in pain. By that time, luckily, the reinforcements were arriving and (due to unconscious Perry), Greg and Mycroft were able to restrain Richard for long enough before the other officers got to him.
John spent their last wedding anniversary together smiling. As did his husband. They had Rosie, Greg, Mycroft and Molly over, where they enjoyed a meal together. Rosie had taken so many pictures. She had started doing it as soon as her Pa had been diagnosed. She wanted to keep his last days documented forever.
Rosie was left with a blonde police constable, while Greg filled Sherlock in in the details.
“That’s because you’re here to talk to me. Not my brother. Now, if we may convene in the study, we have matters to attend to. Goodnight, John, Sherlock… I’ll be up soon, love.”, Mycroft said, before leading the man away, who took one last longing glance at Sherlock, before going about his duty.
"Okay, bye, love. We might not be in when you get home. We're on a case, but I have left some money on the side. Get yourself a celebratory take out and we'll be with you as soon as we can.", John replied.
“We have parks.”, Rosie said.
"Just get on with it, Mycroft... I'm sure you have more important things to be getting on with, like stopping wars. Or is it starting them?"
“I, uh, John, I don’t…”
“Just some ginger nuts. Rosie ate the last of them.”, Sherlock replied.
"Enlighten me, John. What is it, exactly, that you know I'm thinking?"
"Just no drugging everyone this time."
“Do you want to talk about it?” John asked, as they sat on the edge of his bed, still holding hands.
"I'm bored, John... What am I supposed to do? I can't smoke. You won't let me. I can't shoot the wall. You won't let me. You won't play Cluedo with me...", he whinged like a child.
"Yes. It would have been.", Sherlock replied.
“Thanks.”
Little Rosie was then born. Despite the fact that he made out that he didn’t care about the child, she held a special place in his heart. She was a little version of John and Mary in one. And, as much as tried, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to dislike Mary. He knew that Mary knew that he loved her husband, but she never once used it against him in any way, nor did she cut John off from him. For that, he was grateful.
Greg had been annoyed at John, which had resulted in John not speaking to him for a month, but Greg didn't care. Greg had seen Sherlock before John had come into his life. He had been there, at his side, as he came down from a high. He had been by his side through the hell of withdrawal. He had even sat and cried by his bedside when he thought Sherlock wasn't going to live, due to an overdose. And Greg didn't want to ever see any of those things ever again.
"I'm not getting on a tube at this time, so we'll have to walk. Is that okay?", Sherlock asked.
“No, John. I want to hear you.”
“Dada! Papa! I’m so glad you’re back!”, Rosie exclaimed, hugging her Fathers to death.
"I'm not having this conversation with you, John. Not now. Not when I am finally moving on. I'm happy with Eric. He puts up with me when I'm in a terrible mood and he loves me. That's all I could ever ask."
"She looked just like Mary when she did that.", Sherlock commented.
"That's too easy, Lockie. That's Hamlet."
Trouble with a toddler and a day at the park...
“Well, Sherlock… She certainly has your bluntness, that’s for sure. You really have made an impact on her, haven’t you? To say that she isn’t actually your daughter, that is.”, Oliver commented, smirking.
“Ah, Mr and Mr Watson-Holmes, yes?”, Mrs Laniston, Rosie’s teacher, asked, greeting them.
“So, John… Are you going to go with Sherlock?”, Molly asked.
"Lestrade is coming around later about the case, and he is bringing his boyfriend with him.", Sherlock informed John when they had arrived home.
“Very true… Only way to cope.”, Lestrade grinned, a slight sadness in his eyes. Of course, John had seen atrocities like you wouldn’t believe whilst in the army. He barely stopped to think about some of the things Lestrade had dealt with in his time on the force. Things like that change a man, which John knew all too well and he knew Lestrade had seen things that he would never forget, just as he had.
Sherlock entered the lab in his usual manner – by flouncing in, unannounced.
“An interested party. Sherlock Holmes just solved your case, did he not?”, Mycroft had asked.
A tear escaped down Greg’s cheek as John also ran to catch up and he looked down, as though he was ashamed.
Sherlock is driving me up the wall. He just can’t sit still. I know he thinks he is hiding it, but he has definitely started smoking again. I’m just grateful that he doesn’t do it anywhere near Rosie. Not that he would, of course. They adore each other. Rosie seems to be the only thing that is keeping him from going off the rails completely, which I am glad of.
“I imagine so.”
"We're good, yeah. Had a meeting with the adoption agency yesterday and it's all looking good. They've found us a little boy. He's 2.", Greg smiled, as he sat down next to John, Mycroft sitting next to his husband, on the other side.
They walked in a comfortable silence, until they got to the roundabout, before they looped back, and walked down the side, where the shops were.
"What’s that?", Rosie asked again, pointing to Sherlock's eye.
“I only came here a few times, with my grandparents. They lived in Preston, so it isn’t too far. When they died, we didn’t come anymore.”, John replied.
“Good. That means Molly. Laters…”
“Please stay with him, Gregory. I’ll be with you shortly.”, Mycroft replied, before hanging up and leaving Greg stood on the corridor. Greg tried to get into to ICU to be with Sherlock but was not allowed due to him not being immediate family.
January, it was still cold out, so she made sure she had her hat too, and then waited by the top of the stairs for her Uncles to arrive.
“Yes. Myc… I would love to go to out for dinner with you.”
Deciding against the long walk back to the house, the four of them climbed on a bus, which stopped a street away. John was in no condition to be walking for much longer, and (although John didn’t say that he was getting tired) Sherlock had noticed John’s tiredness and had suggested they take the bus. From the house, Sherlock drove the hire car to the station, so that the boys would have it to go home in, once the case had been wrapped up. Luckily, there didn’t seem to be any sign of Oliver when they got home, and John decided against mentioning it, not wanting to push it, as Sherlock had done well by opening up to him about it. The drive to the station was made in a comfortable silence, with Sherlock focussing on the road ahead, and John staring out of the window of the passenger seat, watching the city go by. It was nice to be in a big city that wasn’t London, for a change. Sherlock thrived in the cities, it seemed, but also enjoyed the peace of the country (even though he got bored more easily). Edinburgh was a gorgeous city, with its deep history and modernised areas being knitted together seamlessly. John appreciated being away from London with his family, even if the main reason was for a case. He hoped that, in the future, there would be more opportunities to travel and go away for a while. He was sure that the criminal classes could behave themselves for long enough to take Rosie to Disney for her third birthday, which had been an idea he’d had for a while, but had not been able to discuss it with Sherlock, due to the case.
Sherlock blushed and looked away. “Nothing…”
"Come on, Rosie... We're meeting your Dad outside the surgery.", Sherlock shouted up the stairs to his 7 year old goddaughter.
"So... You two are as thick as thieves. Did anything interesting happen whilst I was away?", John asked.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to wake you. Just couldn’t help myself.”, Sherlock smiled, pulling John in for a longer kiss this time.
“I’m sorry, John. I know she isn’t really my daughter...”
“Just because I don’t drive, love, it doesn’t mean that I can’t drive. I just have to be driven around when in London for safety measures.”
“No. That’s okay. She starts secondary school in September, anyhow. And she is going to somewhere that specialises in gifted children. My brother set up a fund for her, so she could go, for her fifth birthday.”, Sherlock replied.
Send John over. They need to talk about this – Mol
“I’ll just be a minute.”, Sherlock said, as he knelt beside Oliver’s body. Greg just nodded and told himself he wouldn’t let the team in until Sherlock was out.
“That I have been wanting to do that for years too? Yes, Sherlock. Yes, it does.”
“Sherlock, love? Everything okay?”, John asked him.
It happened late, one weekend, when Rosie had been put to bed, and the two men were sat together on the sofa, watching TV. Sherlock had a habit of lying across the sofa, with his head in John’s lap. He enjoyed the way that John would subconsciously run his fingers through his hair. That is the position they were in when John spoke up.
Rosie giggling as she swung around the room, before she was plonked onto the sofa.
On bonfire night, Rosie was taken to a bonfire/ firework display by her Uncles and Aunt, with her new little cousin, who she was thrilled about and never stopped talking about, leaving just John and Sherlock. They were having a date night, with a dinner and then a romantic stroll around St James’ Park. John was excited. It had been a while since it had been just the two of them, even though Rosie was a star and let them have their space when she knew that they wanted it.
"It happens, mate.", John chuckled, once again wiping away Sherlock's tears tenderly.
"In short, yes. But we need a kid to be put into the firing line.", Greg said. "It's the only way we're going to catch them."
“Thank you, John… I, well… Thank you.”, Sherlock told him, pulling away slightly, to look at John’s face.
“You do?” Sherlock asked, pulling away, his eyes damp from the tears he had finally let out whilst in John’s embrace.
Sherlock looked so nervous, which made John look at him questioningly, but Sherlock just shook his head, and then they sat in a comfortable silence. All of a sudden, Sherlock stood up, directly in front of John and began pacing a little.
"What?"
“Do you think Greg and Mycroft will mind having Rosie for us tonight?”, John asked.
"A motorbike drove at you. Purposely, it seems. Mycroft has it all under control, though. Rosie is fine. A little shaken, but she isn't hurt.", John replied.
“Come on, Mol. I think we should get you to the hospital.”, Greg said, as he began to lead her away from the body.
"We are?", John asked.
“Well the woman, Margaret Brown, was an actress so we have no issues there. The only problem we have is the father-in-law, Ken… He should be alright with it, but he is appalled by what has happened and does not want anything to do with Richard. However, the pair never really did see eye to eye, so I’m hoping that his reluctance to talk to Richard will stay in the bounds of their normal relationship. After all, it’s Richard that raped the poor girl. We got the DNA results on the way up here.”, Mycroft explained.
“Definitely.”
“Erm… Yes.”, Sherlock replied, finding his food massively fascinating all of a sudden.
"Okay, Rosie... Dada left me with his Netflix, so what do you want to watch?", Sherlock asked her, as she climbed onto his knee, and looked towards the television.
"Exactly. You just ignore them, Ed. I did.", Morwenna smiled.
The two men both felt like new, knowing they had Mary's love and support. It helped them both to move on and their relationship became stronger than ever.
Will I sing again? Well, I am currently in the middle of rehearsals for a play at my drama academy, which I am looking forwards to, but there is no singing in it, unfortunately. I don’t know. I might do a video and post it, if that is something you guys want to see…
Rosie picked up her pink pencil (the colour not going unnoticed by her Papa) and began to write her name with the upmost concentration written on her face, her tongue sticking out of the side of the mouth as she formed the shapes to create the letters of her name. Sherlock and John watched on in awe. It had been heard of for more advanced children to be able to talk from a fairly young age but their little girl could not only read simple books, but could also write her name. A lot of four-year- old children couldn’t manage that task, and Rosie would be two months away from turning two, when they got back to London.
