"Thanks," Dean told him weakly, feeling embarrassed that he hadn't suspected that this could have been a trap.  He was tempted to complain about why Cas’ couldn’t have just removed the sedative and left the pie, but Cas interrupted before he could.
“What about the other demons?” Sam jumped in before Balthazar could disappear.  “You said there was an entire demon organization studying angels.”
“Something tells me bored teenagers aren’t responsible for the art project,” Dean commented with a groan.
“Well, it was drilled into my head growing up that everything supernatural was evil.  But then I met you and I realized how wrong that was.  You taught me better than that.  So I may be… a little bit supernatural myself now, but I’m still me.  I’m still the same person.  I can learn how to deal with my new limitations.  Besides, my new wings come with a lot of perks too.  Maybe with your help, I can learn how to be an even better hunter than ever before.  So what d’ya say, Cas – can you teach me some more about these wing senses?”
"Jerk," Sam retorted.  From the confused look on Cas' face, the brothers' familiar banter had not been considered important enough by Heaven to be included in his briefing.  But to Dean, the banter was part of his anchor to normality even when everything else in his life had gone bat shit crazy.  It was comforting.
Dean chucked another rock as hard as he could, and felt the warding crack.  But it wasn’t a clean break – the crack through the paint line didn’t go all the way through.  The ward was weaker, but was it weak enough that Dean could make it through?
Cas’ eyes widened.  Dean had just gotten the sign for pink correct even though Cas had been too distracted to correct him earlier.  Dean had been getting all of his ASL correct tonight without a single mix up or accidentally inappropriate word.  It defied logic that Dean would improve so much since this morning….
"You think the guns in the trunk will work?" Sam asked as they ran.  Dean was struggling to keep up with his overfilled belly and food-coma sleepiness weighing him down.  The ox was scraping its hooves on the ground, acting like it was about to charge them like a bull.  Did oxen do that?  Oh why had all the close parking spots been full when they arrived?  The Impala was all the way on the other side of the clearing.
How could Sammy pass up such perfection?  Dean tried to get Sam to change his mind, not bothering to finish chewing and swallowing before talking.  But Sam whipped out a book and pretended to ignore Dean.  Cas however seemed completely fascinated by Dean's ability to make the pie disappear so fast.  Dean smirked as he licked the last traces of pie off his fingers, noting with satisfaction at how his actions made Cas swallow.
Since apparently the fiancé's credit cards had been stolen when their car had been broken into at the beanstalk site, Dean reluctantly agreed to leave his Baby safely locked away in Shayna's garage and let Henriksen drive them to the beanstalk.  Shayna was already waiting for them there, mixing up a few bowls of powdered spell ingredients.
“You idiot,” Cas said far too fondly for the words to have any venom.  “Don’t try to talk.  You nearly killed yourself.  You shouldn’t have even known how to do that.”
An idea occurred to Dean, and he set about trying to find some long sticks.  He managed to find two sturdy sticks and tried to use them like a large pair of chopsticks to lift up a small rock.  It was rough going, and he almost dropped the rock a time or two, but then he used the sticks to fling the rock at the building.  Since Dean hadn’t actually touched the rock, it sailed right through the invisible wall and connected with one of the wards.
“With all of the twists in a cave labyrinth system, I might not be able to sense the warding until I was very close to it – possibly not until I could see it – in which case they might be able to sense me or see me too,” Cas replied.
“Not necessarily.  Dean’s wings will probably still continue to grow.  If you are familiar with the terms humans use to describe birds, this would most likely be the angelic equivalent of one of Dean’s ‘subadult’ plumages, rather than the ‘definitive’ plumage he will grow after his wings are full sized.  This just means that once these feathers grow in, Dean’s wings will be mature enough for him to learn a fuller range of wing skills,” Cas replied.
“Sounds symbolic of Dean – Ratatoskr transverses all of Yggdrasil, having connections between Heaven, Earth, and Hell – branches, trunk, and roots,” Sam commented.
“Not at all,” Sam quickly agreed.  “But Cas will love the way the green backpack will bring out your eyes!”
“So we’ll go someplace where it’s normal for guys to wear backpacks, like on the trails of Kanopolis State Park,” Dean suggested.
“I apprehended a high ranking demon, sir.  Alastair is now in custody, sir,” Hannah reported dutifully.  Her superior officer looked livid, like Hannah had done something he didn’t want, but he was holding back.  Dean had a bad feeling that he knew exactly who the new angel was.  If he was right, this douchebag was angry because Hannah had saved Dean’s life instead of letting Alastair kill him.
"You seem awfully quick to trust beings that you didn't even believe existed before," Bobby mentioned pointedly, still giving Cas suspicious glances. Normally Dean would be the first to agree with Bobby against trusting a supernatural being. But there was something different about Cas. Dean's gut told him that Cas' intentions were genuine.
“So, with angel perspectives on time, this would mean what?  A few years ago?  A few decades ago?” Sam asked.  Leave it Sam to still be a nerd even at times like this.
"Balthazar – thank you.  I…,” Cas started to address Balthazar.  Despite how frosty Balthazar had been, he’d flown Sam back and stayed with him for… however long had passed in the physical world (Dean wasn’t quite sure, but he didn’t think it had been more than a few minutes).
"Shayna!" came a joyous voice from inside the jewelry box.  A woman's face appeared in the keyhole, and Shayna reached through the keyhole so they could hold hands.  Tears of joy filled both women's faces.
"What, you gave the poor smuck some display of angel powers and he just invited you right in?" Bobby asked.
“Oh that.  The so-called King of Hell wanted our centuries of research on angels, but he didn’t have anything worth trading for it.  So we simply slaughtered his minions and moved shop,” the demon replied casually.
“No, for that we have these magnificent chains of our own design.  Angels can’t break them, can’t use their powers in them, are weak to demon powers – and this is the best part – they can only make themselves more physical while wearing them.  So once I force Sam to manifest his wings, he won’t be able to hide them again,” the demon bragged.
"Okay I get why the so-called angel can see it without the spell, but how can Dean see it?" Henriksen demanded.  But before Dean could come up with some sort of smart-alec response, he heard the sound of wing beats and Cas was gone.
"Demons don't have the power to create something like that.  This is something else we're dealing with," Cas replied.
Cas sighed and popped out of the room for a brief moment.  When he returned Dean felt Cas gently slide earplugs into his ears.
"Yes.  It is highly unusual for one of an angel's heads to have multi-facetted eyes, but I like it.  I can better appreciate the beauty of my Father's creations when I can see them through multiple different kinds of perspectives," Cas replied.  Dean was suddenly acutely aware that Cas' bee eyes were right next to him as they walked, and felt his cheeks flush slightly.  Cas' vision was full of a few hundred images of Dean.
"Are you kidding me?  A freakin' beanstalk?  How would every news outlet in the country not be all over that?" Dean asked.
Cas really should know better by now – Dean was never going to stop to worry about his own safety if it meant saving Sam or Cas.  Dean vaguely recalled hearing the demon get smited, and hoped that either Cas or Balthazar got to Sam before Sam was hurt very badly.  Dean could still see some of Balthazar’s energy on this plane, slow swirls of orange that were distracting him from what otherwise would be a private moment with Cas.  Cas saw his repeated glances towards Sam and Balthazar and sighed.
<It's more fun to make out together> Dean pouted, looking like Cas had just told him that he'd eaten the last burger.
“Dean!  Dean!” Cas kept moaning.  Dean decided it was time to move the party to their mouths.  He kissed his way up Cas’ neck and over to his lips, then proceeded to lick Cas’ mouth open.  Cas reacted by practically devouring his mouth.  Yep, Dean definitely knew how to work up his angel.  Now Dean was moaning just as much as Cas.
“No – feathers are not just about looks Dean, they are about function.  A warrior should never go into battle with unkempt wings,” Cas insisted with a forcefulness that took Dean by surprise.
"Shayna – we will do everything we can to get Juanita back to you.  How about you show me how this spell works so we can get started?" Sam told Shayna.  Sam, Shayna, and Henriksen went over to the bowls of powdered spell ingredients while Dean stayed behind because he sensed Cas wanted to talk to him.
“Alright, alright,” Dean conceded, trying not to smirk at how excited his brother looked.  Sam gasped in awe as he touched Dean’s wing.  Dean could have sworn that Sam mouthed the words “so soft” but Sam at least was smart enough not to say the words aloud or Dean might have had to smack him.  The feeling of Sam’s hands on Dean’s wings felt oddly calming and comforting.  It was kind of relaxing actually.  Between both Sam and Cas’ hands on his wings, as well as Cas’ Grace flowing through him, Dean could just feel the tension melt out of his body.
There was only one thing on top of the bookcase – a very ornate golden jewelry box.  Shayna sprinted over to the jewelry box as soon as she reached the top of the bookcase, with the others following behind.
"No can do.  If you knuckleheads want to do this right, Dean has to be the one to kill Lilith," Gabriel countered.
"I don't understand your concern. Were they not reconstructed correctly? Perhaps if I may examine your wings...," Cas replied.
“Concentrate Dean – feel me touching the layer of energy surrounding your wings,” Cas instructed.  Dean sighed – how the hell was he supposed to concentrate when he could be touching Cas right now?  But Dean tried anyway.  He tried hard for at least 30 seconds, but it felt like a lot longer.
Turning beat red, Cas made a few quick signs to tell Dean that he was going to get started on the cleaning.  He was probably imagining the look of disappointment on Dean's face.  That was probably just wishful thinking.  Cas turned and stiffly walked away, trying to ignore how tight his vessel’s pants had become.
"I'll pick up some food and bring it back.  Then, after we eat, Cas can help you look more human again," Sam offered in compromise.  Dean sighed but agreed.  He was a bit nervous about Sam going alone right now, but everyone seemed to think that Dean was the target of whoever was out to kill him, so their guardian angel wasn't going to leave Dean's side.
Cas smiled when he saw Dean watching him.  Then he apparently decided to show off, because the next thing Dean knew they were flying in a corkscrew spin that no bird could ever hope to achieve.  As the world spun around them, Dean expected a bout of nausea that never came.  It took Dean a second to realize why – there was no pull of gravity in this dimension.  If Cas stopped flying, would they even fall?  Or would they just hover in place with no force to pull them back towards the Earth?
Henriksen coughed to get everyone’s attention.  Dean had forgotten that the three civilians were still there.  He was a bit impressed that they hadn’t run away first chance they got once they realized that they were dealing with an archangel warning them about the freakin’ apocalypse.  But none of these three were showing any signs of the fear they undoubtedly felt.  While Dean hated dragging people into The Life and all the dangers and heartbreak it brought, he could see from how calmly they were taking all of this that they had what it took to be hunters.
“Awesome,” Dean breathed as he admired his shiny new blade.  Cas hummed in approval next to him, still wrapped around Dean.  Cas’ breath was still on Dean’s neck, a fact that Dean was now even more acutely aware of since he had now accomplished the task at hand.
"Let me take a look at the lock – I haven't come across a lock yet that I couldn't pick," Dean offered.
Dean strained, trying to visualize those accursed wings coming out of his back again, and ordering them to show up.
<Eileen just texted - she's only a few minutes away> Sam signed excitedly.  The bunker was tidy, Dean was almost done making the burgers, and there were two pies in the fridge for later.
“I haven’t forgotten how you backstabbed me, so don’t expect a warm reception from me,” Balthazar snapped.  Cas hung his head with a kicked-puppy look that made Dean want to strangle Balthazar.
He was vaguely aware that Sam was talking, but didn’t really snap back to the conversation until he felt Cas’ hand leave his wings, the healing completed.
Would Bobby take one look at him and reach for the shotgun? Would they still believe that Dean was really Dean, or would they think he was just some new creature that tricked them? Dean couldn't bear the thought of how devastated Sam would be if he thought Dean had never come back from Hell after all.
"Well, that creeps me out. I mean, I don't like getting singled out at birthday parties, much less by... God," Dean admitted.
“No – when I get you back for those pranks it isn’t going to be with something that’s only going to get you more wing time with Cas,” Sam replied.  Dude had a point.
“I understand.  I know that it will be difficult for me to ever regain your trust.  Maybe even impossible.  But I am grateful that you have been resurrected.  How…?” Cas replied.
“Lilith tried to kill me with some kind of blinding white light, but I was somehow immune, and so when she couldn’t kill me she freaked out and bailed.  I gave Ruby’s old meatsuit a hunter’s funeral once I accepted that she wasn’t coming back,” Sam explained in a dead tone that showed how much he didn’t want to think about that night either.
Feathers.  Dean had real feathers on his wings.  The silver sheaths that had been covering the feathers while they had been growing hadn’t completely broken away yet, but Dean suspected that Cas had been helping them along.  The new feathers underneath were uncurling but still needed some grooming to zip the veins and get the tiny barbicels to hook together to create a solid, smooth surface.  Dean’s feathers were mostly the same color as his hair, with shimmery green tips.  Well, that is, all of his feathers but one.  In the same spot as Cas had one stray feather that had Dean’s coloring, Dean also had one rogue feather that matched Cas – black with a blue tip.  Dean still wasn’t sure how he felt about those rebel feathers, but he chose not to focus on it now.
Eileen was impressed with Dean’s burger making skills, and the four of them had a good time laughing and chatting over dinner.
“Shit,” Sam exclaimed softly after a few agonizing moments of silence.  Dean could just hear the gears in Sam’s brain clicking into place as he put the pieces together.  Dean had a new weakness that made him less of a hunter.  There were new things that Dean couldn’t do himself so he had to inconvenience, and likely endanger, other people because he could no longer do his own damn job.  Dean felt worthless.
Maybe having an ally in the FBI could be handy after all.  Dean made a mental note to set something up later where hunters could send Henriksen names of hard-to-find suspected meatsuits.  He remembered the time when Henriksen confessed his frustration of spending years chasing after just one monster to save a few people.  If they played their cards right, Henriksen could end up saving many more lives than his current job was letting him do, just like he wanted.  Not that Dean was going to let any of these civilians become full hunters if he had anything to say about it, but maybe just a technical liaison would scratch Henriksen’s itch without letting him get too deep.
"Dunno... h-hope... s-so...," Dean replied, suddenly falling to his knees as he felt his consciousness start to fade away.  Large meal or not, there was no way that he shouldn't be wide awake with adrenaline right now.  Something was wrong with him.  Of course that was when the giant blue ox decided to charge right at them.  Dean tried to fight to stay conscious, but he couldn't get back to his feet.  They were going to get trampled!
Dean’s senses did start overcompensating for his lack of vision – just not the ones that Cas had been hoping for.  His ears honed in on the tiny sounds that told him exactly where Cas was – like the tiniest crinkle of fabric as Cas moved.  It wasn’t that Dean was really trying to use his ears for this – but years’ worth of hunter’s training was too much to ignore.
“Right,” Dean replied, trying to get his head back into the mission.  “So how early do the caves open?  Can we get there before there are too many people?”  The brief silence that followed was not reassuring.
“I still can’t feel anything.  Are you sure you’re really…?” Dean complained.  At that moment Cas let out a damn moan – like one of the kinds he made during intense wing grooming sessions.  The sly bastard!  His teasing was downright torture!  Dean smacked Cas’ hand away with his wing and spun around.  Dean opened his mouth but Cas cut him off before he could say anything.
"Still, there must be something that she'd want bad enough to risk coming out of hiding for.  I'm a professor of creative writing, and I always tell my students that if you set the stage right, you can make any character do anything.  So what does Lilith want most of all?" Juanita asked.
"Huh," Dean replied, filing that nugget of information away for later and giving Cas a small smile.  "So how do I do this angel blade?"
“You can’t carry the food in your backpack without crushing your wings, so I got Cas a backpack too,” Sam said in his overly patient voice, while trying to hide a smirk and failing spectacularly.  This definitely was payback for the fake “blue screen of doom” on Sam’s laptop a few days ago.
“I don’t know, there was some sort of weird energy pulse, and for a split second I thought I saw . . . ,” Dean tried to explain.
“Vessels are merely shrouded on the seraphic plane – they don’t lose their physical form,” Cas explained.
“But would my feathers really work for spells?” Dean asked skeptically.  He was starting to feel more and more caught in between – too angel to be human, and too human to do most angel things.  But Sam just shrugged, not having answers any more than Dean did.
“This is way below the belt, Sam – tell him, Cas!” Dean snapped.  Sam was cutting himself a slice of what smelled like a very high-quality pecan pie, all the while making a big show of licking his lips in anticipation.
<God is real.>. Dean noted with satisfaction that the being seemed taken aback by Dean's flippant attitude.
Dean wasn’t expecting the shift back to the physical world to suck.  It was the worst claustrophobia-inducing feeling that he’d ever experienced – like literally every inch of his body was being squeezed from all sides.  Dean wasn’t sure what was worse – the feeling of compression, or suddenly feeling like his body weighed 500 pounds.  Dean lost his balance, and fell face first onto the cave floor.  His wings automatically flailed about, flapping like crazy to try to keep him upright, but that only caused a painful pulling sensation in his wings.
The waiter was back very quickly, and Dean was practically bouncing in his seat as the giant pie arrived.  The sign hadn't exaggerated.  This was by far the largest apple pie that Dean had ever seen – it looked like it was the size of a medium pizza.  But the smell was completely Heavenly, and there was no way that Dean wasn't going to devour every last crumb.
“Don’t try to fly yourself – keep your wings tucked in and let me guide you,” Cas warned him, as if Dean actually had any desire whatsoever to fly.  That’s when it really hit Dean that this kind of travel would no longer be instantaneous for him.  Crap.  Dean expected the usual two fingers to the forehead, but Cas surprised him by gently taking his hand instead.
"Dean!" Sam shouted, and Dean could hear both Sam and Bobby running up the stairs, probably with shotguns in toe to gank whatever they thought was attacking Dean. Shit. Dean was stuck halfway out the window, and in a few seconds Sam and Bobby were going to break down the door and discover that Dean was the monster they'd come up here to gank. All because Dean's new wings couldn't just freakin' go away!
'Gone on angel business, will call when I can' Dean scrawled on a scrap of paper. Then Dean climbed out the window. Well, he tried to climb out the window anyway. The wings were being anything but cooperative. They were too big to fit through the window without trying to fold them up, but unlike his normal limbs the wings refused to do what he wanted them to do. Then when he tried to manhandle them into submission, the damn things started flapping everywhere. They banged into a lot of things (which fucking hurt!) and made a lot of noise.
They spent the next few hours slowly making their way through the cave.  It was very slow going because most of the passageways weren’t built for people Cas’ size, let alone sasquatches.  They occasionally had to use some of the tools they had brought to carefully widen the passageways so they could all fit through.  Sam was updating his map as they went along, and keeping track of where they were and where they had already explored.  Dean couldn’t get his angel senses to kick in again so long as the light was on, so he felt practically useless at navigation.
"If you have them manifested then humans, angels, and other beings will all be able to see them," Cas replied.
“That’s never going to happen.  The answer is no, and the answer will always be no!” Dean snapped back with more resolve than he’d had in decades.
“Well, if we don’t have a particular face to search for, I can still try searching based on her known preferences for host bodies and we can narrow it down from there,” Henriksen offered.
"The guy eats his Wheaties," Dean replied dismissively.  "So how about you tell us how you and your fiancé got mixed up with giants and beanstalks?"
Dean responded by pulling Cas into a deep and very tender kiss.  Dean tried to lick all of his reassurances into Cas’ mouth.  With every caress of his tongue he tried to pour out his heart to Cas and bring Cas back to the here and now.  I’m here.  I’m alive.  I’m not going anywhere.  I need you too, Cas.  I need you.  And I’m all yours.  Dean put everything he had into that kiss.  Cas was a bit slower than usual to get with the program, but soon the reassuring licks started coming right back to Dean.  I’m here for you.  I will always be here for you.  I will never leave you.  I love you so much, Dean.
Bobby and Sam both lunged for their shotguns just as the front door flew open and a figure walked in.
Dean found a small shovel in Cas’ backpack and realized that it was something that he could use.  There were some rocks littering the floor of their small prison, and hopefully most of them had never been touched by angels.  While the demon’s back was turned, Dean started using the shovel to scoop up rocks and chuck them at the warding.  A few of them bounced back off of the invisible wall between him and the warding, but others sailed through towards their target.  However the rocks were a bitch to aim, especially with the kind of force necessary to crack the warding.  There was a limited supply of rocks too, and Dean was worried about what else he could do if he ran out of rocks.  Surely the demon was hearing all of this, but the demon was choosing to ignore him because he’d finally figured out which blade he wanted to try out on Sam first.
It was against every hunter instinct that Dean had to close his eyes while exposed so completely out in the open like this, but he had complete trust in Cas to watch over him.  Dean kept his eyes closed and tried to relax while he just focused on his breathing and let the sensations flow through him.  Dean wasn’t sure how long he stood there like that.  The feeling of the wind didn’t lessen in time, but it eventually started feeling less overwhelming, as if his mind was learning to compensate for the increased stimulus.
They checked into a motel, taking advantage of the darkness to keep Dean from being seen when they snuck into the room.  Dean scarfed down a large bag of take-out while Sam and Cas did the locator spell again to see if Balthazar had been moved.  No such luck on things being that simple – the locator spell still said that Balthazar was there, but Cas couldn’t find any trace of angel warding anywhere.
“Cas said to collect them,” Sam explained when Dean asked about it.  “He didn’t really explain why.  Maybe it’s for the magical properties of angel feathers in spell work, or maybe he just wants to make the world’s softest pillow….”  Dean rolled his eyes at Sam, but he secretly liked the idea of giving Cas a pillow made from his feathers that smelled like him.
“You are past the vulnerable stage.  While you haven’t had enough training to fly yourself, you should be safe as my passenger,” Cas informed him.
“It was like Balthazar was standing right next to you,” Cas supplied, still looking like he’d seen a ghost – which, to be fair, he kind of had.  Dean felt (slightly) less crazy upon hearing that Cas had seen the same thing.  “This spell indicates how long ago an angel lost a feather, and the perceived physical distance correlates to the time difference.”
"So how do I do this? And how do I keep them from flapping uncontrollably all over the place when they are out?" Dean grumbled reluctantly. But wing lessons now was better than random wing appearances in public later.
"So what if he did?  Are you going to just let the other angels torch the whole planet just because God said so?  Screw that!  It sounds like God is a giant douchebag...," Dean yelled.
“Congrats to you both in finally getting together.  I’m real happy for you,” Garth told them warmly.  “And Dean – now that you’ve got wings you’ve got to take me flying sometime.”  Dean gaped at Garth.  He didn’t know what to respond to first – Garth seemed completely casual and nonchalant about him getting together with Cas and sprouting wings.  Either one of them would raise alarm bells from any normal hunter, and yet Garth was grinning broadly like his friends sprouted wings and dated across species all the time.  It made Dean’s head spin.
"It's been thirty years since Dean last hunted.  It'd be prudent for him to start with a few small cases before going after Lilith," Cas proclaimed.
“Ha!” Dean shouted with a fist pump.  A tiny fleck of paint had been chipped away by the rock.  It wasn’t enough to break that line of paint completely, but with enough rocks…
Dean sighed and closed his eyes and tried to block out all temptations.  Cas materialized his angel blade again, but this time Dean could sense Cas’ Grace gathering and then forming the blade.  He repeated the process of materializing and dematerializing the angel blade a dozen times until Dean could mentally follow what Cas was doing easily.  The process really wasn’t that different from materializing his wings.
“No – but you can feel them forming under the skin.  So long as you are gentle it won’t hurt Dean,” Cas replied.  Dean caught a glance at Sam’s ‘Puppy-Dog Face #37’ – which signified that Sam really wanted to touch Dean’s wings but was holding back because he was afraid that Dean would get upset if he asked.  Dean sighed.  He hadn’t offered to let Sam touch his wings yet, even though Cas had explained that it was perfectly normal for angelic siblings who were close to touch each others’ wings, and that said touch would feel totally different than the touch of a lover.  Sam must have figured out that Dean was considering letting him touch, because Sam’s expression shifted into ‘Puppy-Dog Face #42’ – which signified that Sam was hoping that he had successfully wrapped Dean around his little finger.  Little brothers could be so annoying sometimes.
"Oh sure, real mature, bro!  Just because you can't sleep, don't take it out on me!" the second giant whined, giving his sleeping brother a shove.
“I’m fine,” Cas mumbled as he struggled to his feet.  He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Balthazar.
“Don’t get me wrong Cas – I’m freakin’ thrilled about the new feathers and all, but they’re probably just going to get messed up in the cave so we can groom when we get back…,” Dean started to offer, not wanting to be another reason for a delay.
Eventually, the top of the beanstalk started coming into sight instead of just being a vague haze in the distance.  Or, at least Dean hoped that the layer of clouds ahead of them was the top of the beanstalk.  He could see Shayna and Sam shivering from the strong winds.  But other than tightening his grip every time a gust of wind came, Dean didn't really feel that cold despite having mostly just brought the Georgia summer clothes on his back.
There was only a short distance to go.  He could do this.  He’d survived 40 years in Hell.  Once he broke the ward the pain would stop.  Just a little bit further…
"Yes – Cas really is an Angel of the freakin' Lord.  Cas, remind me to teach you about sarcasm later, and don't go around telling everyone we meet that you're an angel," Dean cut in.  Dean realized that Cas’ tie was a bit lose, and reached over to straighten it.
"You're the one who won't let me sleep!" the first giant insisted, now looking even more pissed off as he flipped over to glare at his brother.  They continued to glare at each other for a few minutes before both closing their eyes in a huff.
"Maybe there's a detour to the castle?" Shayna whispered hopefully, but even just her quiet whisper was enough to make one of the giants stir in his sleep.  Apparently the giants were very light sleepers, which was just freakin' perfect.  They needed a distraction so they could slip by unnoticed.
“Alright – let’s get this over with,” Dean replied and braced himself for takeoff.  Memories of the two airplanes that had tried to crash with him on board played through his head.  He also had a steady stream of nightmare memories playing through his head – nightmares of trying to fly on angel wings and literally crashing and burning.  Dean tried to take a few deep breaths to calm himself, but he wasn’t even entirely sure that there was air in this dimension, so it wasn’t really having the usual effect of calming him down.  But whether going through the motions or really breathing, Dean felt like he was more likely hyperventilating than deep breathing.
“Dean, I don’t sense any other humans nearby – you could try taking your wings out for a while,” Cas suggested.  Dean didn’t need to be told twice.  He sighed a huge sigh of relief as soon as his wings were freed from their backpack prison.  Dean stretched his tiny baby-chick wings and gave them a few tentative flaps to release tension.  They had grown to over a foot long each now, but they were still only covered in tawny down feathers.  Dean’s freckled light brown feathers, like his hair, took on a bit of a golden glow in the sunlight as he fluffed them up in happiness.  His wings started twitching around wildly, like they were trying to work out kinks from being cramped up for so long.
“Screw you, Sammy!  If you won’t do it for me, do it for Cas.  Angels weren’t meant to be cooped up inside this long.  Poor Cas is going to get cabin fever,” Dean replied.
<That is very sweet of you.  I appreciate you doing all of this for me.  Maybe we can look through them together and you can tell me more about this history of this place.> Eileen signed.  Sam smiled and pulled out a chair for her.  Dean grabbed Eileen’s bag to take to her room for her, pulling Cas along with him to give Sam and Eileen some time alone.
“Is the place where angels normally keep their wings?  The place where, since I got my wings, part of me exists all the time?” Dean asked.  It was really weird to think about his body being both here and in the physical world at the same time.
With a deep breath, Dean tried carefully angling his wings towards the beanstalk... only to start corkscrewing downwards again.
Dean was able to put his wings’ betrayal behind him as they hiked.  Even though Dean didn’t consider himself to be a nature lover, he had to admit that his home state had a lot more natural beauty than he’d appreciated before.
Dean felt something warm and wet trickling down his neck.  At first he wondered if it was blood, but it didn’t quite trickle right for blood (Dean had enough experience to know).  With a start, Dean realized that the wetness was Cas’ tears.  Cas was crying.  Dean cursed himself for making Cas cry.  He instinctively wanted to do something to comfort his angel, but he was barely conscious and every movement was painful.
Dean vetoed Cas' suggestion for him to fly them there.  His soul wanted to drive his Baby, and Cas didn't want to deny Dean's soul, right?  It felt awesome to be on the open road heading towards a case again.
Logically, Dean knew that he’d only had his wings for two weeks.  But in that time they’d become so much a part of him that he couldn’t imagine himself without them.  They were just as much a part of him as the parts he’d been born with.  Actually the thought of losing them felt worse than the idea of losing another limb like an arm or a leg.  He didn’t feel like he’d be himself anymore without his wings.  On one hand, it was another shocking revelation that he’d changed how he saw himself so much in such a short period of time.  On the other hand, it was a relief to realize it.  This was who he was now, and he wouldn’t go back even if he could.  Knowing that made all the difference.
The next thing he knew, Cas had put two fingers on Dean's forehead and the world spun away. Suddenly he and Cas were standing alone in the middle of a forest far away from Bobby's house.
Dean was vaguely aware of someone smiting the demon, and a frantic conversation happening around him.
"He's talking giant beanstalks, like in Jack and the Beanstalk?" Dean clarified, only to see that Cas looked completely stumped.  "Okay, we're adding pop culture to the list of things I need to teach you."
“If you weren’t so insecure about your masculinity you’d get that chapstick is a practical thing for anyone irregardless of gender,” Sam scowled.
Cas tried not to moan at Dean’s suggestive hand gesture.  He didn’t know where Dean’s new obsession with milkshakes came from, but unfortunately the way that Dean signed it had the double meaning of masturbation.  The sign for “milk” had origins in the way humans would milk livestock like cattle.  Only, that same hand grip used elsewhere could also be used to coax out a very different kind of white body fluid.  It did not help at all that Dean implied a rather explosive result that always toyed with Cas’ imagination.
“How about this?” Cas continued, and started peppering the thinner energy surrounding Dean’s neck with kisses.  Dean squirmed and moaned, going crazier than usual with the neck kisses that Cas was so fond of.  Were neck kisses an angel thing or just a Cas thing?  Because Dean could’ve sworn that neck kisses had never been this good before.  Dean tried to twist himself around so that he could get to Cas’ neck at the same time as Cas was giving him neck kisses, but Cas seemed a lot more interested in giving than receiving today.  Cas was practically devouring Dean’s neck with a ferocity that seemed very determined to make Dean become completely lost in the sensation.  Soon Dean could barely breathe, let alone return the kisses.
"What'd they do to Dean?  Has he been drugged?" Sam asked.  Cas knelt down next to Dean and started sniffing him.  Normally Dean would make some kind of crack at this point, but the words wouldn't come.  Now that the adrenaline was fading away, it was getting even harder to stay awake.
Dean wasn't really sure what he was supposed to 'watch' since there was no swirl of light or anything.  It looked like Cas' angel blade just slipped down into his hand out of nowhere.  Cas must have sensed Dean’s confusion, because he retracted his angel blade and then rematerialized it a few times.  Dean blinked blankly back at Cas, unable to discern anything.  Maybe they were wrong and Dean hadn’t absorbed enough angel mojo to do this.
The job of trying to sense the warding and/or demons largely fell to Cas.  Whenever Cas tried to reach out with his angel senses, he spread his wings wide and angled them towards the area he was trying to sense, as if it made it easier to catch the vibrations.  No wonder Cas had caught on when Dean had been trying to do the same earlier – the gesture was hard to miss.  Dean liked to watch Cas do his angel sensing – any excuse to check out Cas’ wings, really.  He half expected to see the cave’s constant howling wind rustling Cas’ feathers, but of course the wind passed right through Cas’ wings just like everything else on the physical plane.  Too bad.  Dean liked the thought of watching Cas’ feathers fluttering in the wind, and the expression on Cas’ face the sensation would cause.  Any chance there was wind on the seraphic plane?  He’d have to ask Cas later.
“This.” Dean gestured to the park, the dovecote, the water. To Cas. “Not having anything to do, you know? Acting like normal people. Going to the park, for Christ's sake.” He laughed, an uncomfortable little sound.
“I don't know what happened,” Cas said, breathing thinly. He sounded exhausted and confused. His eyes rolled up to the ceiling and his shoulders relaxed as if in defeat. Sam felt a twinge of pain in his stomach. “We—it was awful.”
Cas didn't sleep. He sat on the bed and closed his eyes and imagined, a smile creeping over his face.
Dean didn't respond. He paced back and forth, a few steps across the width of the street, pulling at his mouth. Cas could see a shudder under his body waiting to break. Dean had surpassed the stage of being freaked out—he was angry now, confused and angry, because anything that didn't make sense, anything like that that came for
It was well into the end of May; children and their parents lingered on the mulched playground near the parking lot, and a small coup of doves in a screen-and-wood dovecote cooed down on the little cement path to the water, flapping their wings and bathing in the shallow metal trays in the early morning sunlight.
“I got—turned. Years ago. I was thirteen, maybe, I don't remember, but—I've always done my best to never hurt anyone. I swear, okay?” He looked at all of them, hand flat on the table as if to push his point. “Every month I make up some excuse to go, you know, up. Away from people. My uncle has this cabin, he never uses it. Way up by St Cloud.”
“The problem is,” Sam said softly and slowly, meeting Dean’s eyes, “we’ve never heard of this happening before.”
“Maybe we ought to make friends with teenage werewolves more often,” Dean said, and Cas nudged his shoulder.
Dean was limp as a ragdoll, head lolling against the tile wall, Cas against his chest. His hands scraped water from the fallen angel's dark hair over and over, slicking it against his forehead.
Cas faltered, his hand outstretched in midair, and then he turned away, onto his own side, facing the other wall, the blank white space.
They lingered on the doorstep a few moments later, exchanging wary looks. So much kindness and hospitality had been shown them on this job—journey—whatever it was—but there was still the hesitation, still the uncertainty.
"Before," Sam repeated, digging in his pile for the headline. He scrolled his finger down the page, eyes darting over the fine print. "Wait, here—ex-fiancee, Airforce Pilot Jeremy Rolands...says he was extremely sorry to see her die. They broke up because they'd been having altercations, but it won't say over what, which probably means that they censored it—which
The little old man was not as little as they had originally anticipated; he was small, yes, slight in frame, but his shoulders were straight and his posture was not bent despite his obvious age. His hair was a mature silver, but this could only be told from what was seen at his temples; he was wearing a broad brimmed hat that covered the rest.
“Mmm.” Cas leaned into him a little, tilted his face up towards the day. “Only if we don't have to stay in them long.”
And when she’d looked up at him in the band tent and stared at him like she’d been waiting her whole life for him, he had seen so clearly what her life must have been. The hours pacing the floors and getting talked up and talked about, the times she'd lain awake and thought for sure she was crazy as they all said she was, and that she should get her act together, do what had to be done for her family. That the peach orchard was all she was ever going to know. Too-small skin and a too-small town. That there was no sense in dreaming about what was never going to happen.
In a state of some bewilderment Chuck went about his morning; he showered, shaved, put on something clean for once, and decided—much to his own surprise—that it felt like a nice morning for a walk. He spared his glowing computer screen only one glance before he slipped on his autumn jacket and ventured out onto the cracked and weedy sidewalks.
“How about this, then,” she chuckled. “I tell you what you want to know about my uncle and you let me drag you around for a few hours, alright?” Her voice trailed off as she shook her head in exasperation. “I haven’t had a chance to do anything all day except work that damn table.”
a case—had been detached, one step removed. Just another series of strange events. Just another lead to chase and at its worst, maybe another Apocalypse, but he could handle an Apocalypse, he'd handled one before. They all had. But it had never come to them like this. It hadn't reared its head and claimed them halfway through.
Their heads automatically tipped back to gaze up as they stepped under the canopy of blushing rose and seashell-soft flush. The wind shimmered through the blossoms, and they fell like snow, scattering through the air, the dark wood branches creaking and bending in the soft swirl of air.
Yet Dean had eaten not long ago, and he was already shaking his leg restlessly, cursing at the other drivers and reacting more aggressively when they went too slow for his tastes. Cas considered their predicament and dragged his tongue along the bottom row of his teeth, wondering if it was good to suggest another stop or not.
They found a place to stay near the town square, a room surprisingly devoid of traffic noise from the street just outside. It was just after midnight by the time they got settled in and Sam pulled out his press notebook to look through what he'd gotten.
He thought, for a brief moment, of what bad mojo could be hiding within the pages, but it seemed harmless. It didn't look witchy, but he scoured it anyway. He was sweeping his eyes over the back bottom edge when his thumb brushed against a slight dent on the spine. He flipped it closer to look and his heart leapt into his throat.
When they got back to Sam's room, the lamps were on to cast off the falling night, and Sam was sitting cross-legged on his bed, for all the world a twelve-year-old reading a comic book. The journal was spread out on the comforter in front of him, all the envelopes and loose pages neatly stacked beside the leather covers.
"But why? I mean, okay, well, like—” Once again Sam found himself in the awkward position of discussing his brother's sex life, but he couldn't find it in him to be bothered. He hated seeing Cas at odds with Dean, hated seeing Dean at odds with anyone Sam cared about. “It isn't anatomical, is it?"
"You heard him," Castiel said, and Dean returned his attention to the angel and his coy smirk. "Later. I'm not done with you yet."
“Is she alright?” Cas said solemnly, glancing at her and then back up at the heavyset man beside him. Dean tried to appear unimpressed by her theatrics, but he felt sorry for her, sorry that something precious to her had been broken, even if it was just an old Coke machine.
“Yikes,” Dean mumbled. “And if those letters on the desk up front were anything to go by, they were gonna get engaged soon.”
Over lunch Sam observed them from under his eyelashes, trying to hold back a smile at what he saw. Whatever magnetism had made them so irresistibly tactile the night of the wedding seemed to have worn off, just a bit; still they sat side by side at Olivia's dining room table, shoulders brushing, exchanging little smiles and glances, and Olivia asked how they felt, and they replied that they felt fantastic, wonderful, every adjective in between. Sam knew it was true by the glow of their faces. He ate and watched and felt a stir in his chest that meant that they were happy, and that he, in turn, was very happy, too.
Dean and Sam snapped at each other a few more times, but Dean had already decided and there wasn’t much to be said about it. Cas stared up at the sign for the restaurant as they pulled off the highway and into the lot: pale blue with white lettering in elaborate script.
He channeled his weight down, to his legs, could feel it like a slow creep dropping down to his feet, down into the ground, solid. The wall was swinging up and the men on the other side were waiting with their slack lines ready to pull it into position. It was heavy as a bitch—but Dean wasn't thinking about the weight of the wall; he was thinking about his own. He was lost in the positioning of his own form, the tension of his arms and of his leg, the weight so deep he might have grown straight into the ground.
“Soon,” Cas vowed, to satisfy his silent pleas, their joy so close to spilling over, and Dean miraculously was soothed, and they curled into each other, holding fast, safe in the knowledge of what was to come.
The Word of God is in the river,” the bokor woman finished, softly, her eyes heavy-lidded, her guests heavy-bodied, together. “The Word of God is in this house tonight.”
It took several trips back and forth from the underside of the bridge to the shore, but eventually they'd managed to unearth most of a skeleton, carrying Sandra Eadie back in rattling bunches to the dry dusty spot David had cleared out to burn her. Cas was the one to find the skull, and stared at it all the way back to shore, placing the half-rotted thing in the pile with blackened ribs and decaying finger-bones.
“So you’ve been seeing us? This whole time?” Cas asked, marveling. She shrugged again; the tips, the edges of the universe on the rounds of her bony shoulders rolled with her.
,” Dean whispered, unsure of where the words came from, but feeling them pull like fishhooks from his tongue, trailing kisses up the inside of Cas’ wrist. “
Sam was tempted to ask what the hell had happened, but he knew better than to open that can of worms. Dean and Cas drifted inside aimlessly with murmured “morning”s and Sam turned to see the damage, a little taken aback.
“Ladies,” he said, smiling, nodding at them as they went by, and a few of them looked up and flashed him broad grins.
"Is this house a gift? You said it was for newlyweds," Castiel said, sizing the structure from afar. He watched a man measure the cut out space of a window on a wall that had already been put up. It was a compact floor plan, not the wild sprawl of the house on the ridge. This was a modest little framework, mapped by close rooms and intimate spaces.
For that long drawn out moment he was immovable. Nothing would have swayed him from that line: planted deep, every ounce of him settled and unwilling to budge. He might as well have been a cedar post, or an anchor bolt—he might as well have been a house himself. In his head was no thought, no tension, no worry.
“I don’t want to go in uninvited,” he said as Dean and Sam approached. They stood, the raised floor giving a whine under their feet as they shifted.
The waitress came back with their food—the usual, the ordinary, double cheeseburgers for Dean and Castiel, Caesar salad for Sam—and Cas brightened a little at the sight of something edible.
Just as much together, as if they were by their very voices bound eternal, as the lantern hasp was opened, and Castiel's match found the wick of the candle inside—just as much together as the lamp was lit, and light surged up through the pocked holes in its surface—just so did they whisper, falling close together.
Yann kept talking, wringing his spidery fingers together frantically, a sharp contrast to the smooth cadence of his voice. “If you make it look like an accident, maybe Mamma can get some money – if she can get some money out of it she can at least keep the house a little longer before they put her in a home –”
One call to Bobby Singer in South Dakota and a little sliver of good fortune had delivered him the news of three hunters across the river who'd be coming his way to help him out, and now he was languishing in a dark and smoky corner of the only bar in town, nursing the same whiskey he'd been nursing all night, too damn exhausted to get into the drink with any passion, waiting for the infamous Winchesters and their equally infamous angel to arrive.
The park was bustling for a Friday morning, he thought, as he approached it where it lay on the street a few blocks from his house. The playground was pleasantly overrun with children in coats and boots, mothers reading romance novels on the benches, joggers, dog-walkers on the pavements.
No one spoke much in the car. Cas, as always, leaned forward in the back seat with his chin on the leather between the brothers' heads, and watched the road; Sam looked dazedly out the window, lost in his own thoughts.
Sam, I'm not gonna sit on my ass waiting for Bobby to dig up info that might not even be there—I just got attacked by a teenage girl, okay, telling me I'm some character in some fucking Victorian love story? Some
“You coming to bed?” Dean said, a bit more snappish and shortly than he'd probably intended, a while later, and Cas peeled himself away from the hypnotic sound, sighing.
She'd forgotten him already, he was sure. A woman as beautiful as Lily Francis would never dwell on a strange tall gangly thing like him, there one minute and taking off the next.
Pale streaked clouds and a desert sunset. The time—just after seven. Mentally he laid out America in his mind. Wisconsin wasn't so far off. He wondered what Lily was doing now. Was the festival still on? Would she be grinning her way through dozens of pickers leaving the orchard with their boxes of fruit? Would she be dancing in the band tent with someone who wasn't him, as she had every right to?
“Well?” the angel prompted, and his mouth fought a small smile, teasing Dean a little for his trouble.
“Don’t have doubles. Only singles. Ain’t the city, slick,” she sighed, folding her hands over the binder. “I can get you two singles side by side.”
“And? Doesn't that sound like a lot of good things? Even you guys—I bet you've been hard-pressed to find cases lately, huh?”
"It's chicken divan," Mrs. Olsson said, watching him with curiosity. Sam lifted his wide eyes to her and she smiled warmly. "Has your Mamma ever made it for you?"
It was an early night, and Sam volunteered to help her with the dinner dishes while Dean and Cas made their way up the stairs, so much easier, he thought, than they had the night before. Their arms were hooked around each other's waists and he couldn't help but smile at it. Their bruises were fading, too.
Sam stood breathlessly by, watching, scrubbing sleep and fear from his eyes. He stumbled back and sat down hard on a levee rock nearby, and tried to catch his wind. His brother and Cas were a tangled crouching mass by the water, and he could see Dean's hands, veins standing out with how hard he was holding on to the fallen angel's body in the puddle forming under their dripping bodies.
“Yeah, well. Sometimes a miracle takes a while.” She laughed shortly, and then sank into a pause of thought before she said, “You know, it’s good that it didn’t work right away.”
“Happy?” Dean hissed, and Cas’ subdued smile answered him. The angel tipped his chin forward a fraction, like a nod, and Dean shook his head. Whatever. Sam seemed happy too, his mouth held in the way that begged to call Dean out for it, but one look and it tucked itself out of sight. Dean took the receipt from the waitress and stuffed it into his jacket as he turned away, eager to get out of the diner and out from under the smell of grease and wet dish towels.
They collapsed a little on the tile, melting into each other, warm, now, apologies in the bending of their bodies.
Castiel sat up, watching Dean pant, watching him wipe his bruised mouth. Felt the swell of his own lip.
“Look, it sucks for him, it does, but we’re not a charity,” Dean said sharply. Sam made a face at his salad while he attempted to spear a crouton with his fork. Castiel didn’t reply, tilting his head slightly, eyes fixed in the boy’s direction. Dean grumbled, threw his burger down, and turned – the pale blonde head snapped back to the plate, but a hot flush was working up the back of his neck and his ears were bright read.
Out of helpless uncertainty more than anything else, Cas moved to the closet, opened the white door and pulled on the chain that hung from the naked bulb in the ceiling. When it sputtered to life and began to buzz he saw that most of the clothes here were clearly Megan's, hung neatly and pressed carefully. One rack, though, held a few men's shirts, and some men's jeans were folded on the stacking cabinet against the wall.
The rabble grew and Cas stood in the center of it, not sure where to let his eyes land. It wasn’t threatening, and it wasn’t as discordant as the kingfishers, but it was isolating. He stood there, gaze moving from the cockatiels on their swings to the pigeons roosting in their wooden hutch, picking out words among the tweets and peeping.
“Oh, it’s all backwoods talk. Stars on their palms and they don’t eat fish, or maybe it was just one kind of fish. Catfish. All I know is Old Mattie. She’s got the stars and she lives in the big house. The real big one. Can’t miss it. Can practically see it from the bottom. It’s got the fancy dome on the porch. Her husband built that for her right after she lost that first little baby, or so they say. Got the biggest garden in Missouri too, and like I said, you can see the eaves from the bottom. Once you see the flowers pouring out over the road you’ll know you’re there, but it’s a bit windy and folks get lost a lot.”
“We’re pretty old-fashioned,” Dean said, as Cas took the presents, passing one of them to Dean. He looked at Kami and gestured with the envelope.
"It isn't fair of him," Cas grit. "He's being petty, and he refuses to speak to me, and he hardly even looks in my direction. He - he
They squeezed in among the dancers. A few folks Lily recognized smiled and continued paying attention to their partners without bothering to make conversation. Lily rocked with the music, a steady strum, and tangled their fingers together, drawing him into movement, moving in turn with him. He stared down at her; she was so small compared to him. His heart sped up as she twisted her hips, moving her body closer to his own, pulling his hands to her waist.
“You didn’t hear that?” Dean exclaimed, turning around in disbelief. “You really didn’t hear that? Tell the truth.”
“Even if you don’t know that you have. You really have done so well. Better than I ever hoped, and everyone’s rooting for you. It makes me so excited. It makes me feel like the first day of school or somethin’. The river fought you, and you fought it a little, but it was just – it was just the way things fight before settling.”
“Nobody got a look at that book, son. Amos Porter just talked out of it. Some of the stories folks knew in one version or another, some they didn’t. He gave it some consistency, tied it all up into something people could tell from start to finish.”
Cas blinked, swallowing. That feeling was back, the feeling from the morning in Greenacre when Lily Francis had told them those words,
"My name is Olivia Delacroix," she said, and Cas' spoon waited before entering his mouth. He put it back down among the rice and met her eyes. "I was born in 1894 in this very house. This is the house my father built and died in. I buried him myself in the backyard when he died of the Spanish flu. It took my brother Angelique, my mother, and my youngest sister Mercedes. And I buried all of them. I've lived a strange life, so strange things have come to me."
“I never heard the whole thing. But you were asking about Amos Porter—whatever he preached was coming out of a book, or at least that's what everyone says. It was a love story.” She looked between all three of them, worrying her lip with her teeth, seeming to fight with something within herself. “I don't know much more of it than this: but it's something about a star who falls in love with a catfish.”
When Sam leaned into the open doorway of the room where Cas was dressing, in the thin quiet white light of foggy morning, the fallen angel was struggling with the back clasp of the suspenders he'd been given, his back turned.
“Are you Matsu Kami?” Dean asked gruffly, and the man settled his eyes on him, stepping nearer. The dog hung back and chirped and then came forward again, crowding its owner.
Cas didn’t hear the rest; everything locked up and he slumped against Dean, breathing deeply through his nose. Dean was doing the same, stroking the damp skin between his shoulder blades.
Megan Sohre got up when she saw them making their way to the top of her stairs, and tried tearfully to smile a little.
Dean lifted his head and stared not at the old man but at Cas, swollen eyes cracked. Wordlessly his arms reached out and he buried his face in Cas’ chest, shameless, fingers clutching at his back. Cas folded him into his embrace, pushing his face into Dean’s hair.
“Regardless,” Castiel said. “You may as well tell us what we want to know if you'd like to get out of that sigil, and get back to your work.”
He turned, pulled on the hook of Dean's voice, and climbed into the back, keeping his eyes fixed on the water through the window.
“Son, look at me. I’m a miserable poor fool, and I’m tired. I’m tired as hell of this game. You don’t want to be me someday. You don’t want to have to be calling young men for help. You got a ripe opportunity to settle down. For the sake of us who don’t have anyone—do it.”
Dean knew what he was really saying; Sam’s eyes slid to Castiel for a moment before resting on Dean’s face again.
Cas hummed an agreement, mouth too full to comment, and Dean looked at him. In the distant haze of light that just reached them from the festival grounds he could see a quiet smile on the angel's face, a bit of peach juice on his chin. He looked happier here, at this moment, sitting on the ground in a stranger's orchard, than Dean had ever seen him—radiant, almost, even in the dark.
“So, according to Lily—Francis,” he said, tacking on her surname and clearing his throat, “Amos Porter started out here. And get this: believe it or not, apparently, a few people in town still go by his religion.”
Sam deflated with relief; her hand slipped back to the strap of her purse. “I just want an interview, I swear. It’s nothing – nothing like that,” he stammered, and much to his surprise her lips curled into the most genuine smile he’d seen yet.
He said this last phrase with total sincerity, and an instant of understanding passed between Nate and Cas that neither Sam nor Dean were able to engage in. It was something intangible that Cas had conveyed. Something defined by more than just his words—a feeling that Nate appeared to recognize.
There was no rush. Even as thoughts of all the wicked terrible redness of the times before dozed like miasma in the backs of their minds, they were just as easily smoothed, reduced to haze. There was no danger of that here, they knew, instinctively. Not here with the wind through the open panes, not here where they could call one another
“She wanted to warn us,” Cas continued, tipping forward a little, resting his forehead on Dean's shoulder. “She...said not to let our hearts get too heavy...said we're not supposed to be catfish. We're supposed to be men.”
It wailed in his ears over the sweaty clash of their bodies. Cas' fingers hooked, bent on digging him out of his skin. Cornered by the night, searching for the out, the exit, the safety. It had to be there. Cas curled down to suck at the column of Dean's throat, felt the hot pulse under his tongue.
“Winona it is,” Dean said. He reached forward to turn up the radio, but there was nothing good playing, so he turned it down again instead, the hush swelling in the cab again.
“Honestly? The fact that you even asked last night—no one asks about that anymore,” she said, looking at him, her dark eyes searching his face, or perhaps memorizing it. “I thought—if mysterious people are coming through our little place, asking big questions like that...call me stupid. But it sounded like an adventure. And I wanted in.”
“I was told to get a Riverlander’s opinion on the birds,” he said, voice halting, and Sugar retracted her hand, letting it fall among her skirts. Her eyebrows raised and she blinked at him.
Dean didn't know how it had started. Waking up in the inky dark that had purred around him, taunting the hardness between his legs, the leftovers of circulation and some snatch of a wet dream. The same stiff heat at his hip, and Castiel had rolled over, had groaned in sleepy frustration, and then they were facing each other, and then Dean was kissing him, was kissing him too hard for just waking up, and the shudder had torn through him again, pushing up his throat, wanting
Dean's hand squeezed his, tight, and Dean sighed as if yet another weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
“This is a salt box house,” Dean said suddenly, clearing away Cas’ cloudy thoughts, trying to fill the silence, to keep the lid on it all. “The roof. That’s how you can tell.” He mimicked with his forearm.
“I can’t – you know what she said. We probably shouldn’t even be talkin'…” he said, but Cas fisted his fingers into his shirt and yanked him back down, kissing his words quiet.
“Yann, do you think it would be alright if you could take us back up to St. Cloud? Show us the place you stay?” Sam had moved a little closer now, and the teenager sniffled, rubbing his nose with his palm.
She nodded, those eyes twinkling playfully. She pushed back her sweater a little bit, hand on her hip, her blue dress faded from many washes and smelling faintly of violet water.
“I have many names,” the old man said, sighing. “Kami-sama. Matsu Kami. I came here with my trees; far over the sea, far from my land, far from my familiars. Only sweet Momo-chin could come with me, for she was clever and acted as my dog.
Dean ran a hand over his face and slumped a little against the leather seat. He didn't know why, really, they were making such a big deal of this. After the last—failure, he supposed, between Hartman and the Ozarks, they'd hardly said a kind word to each other, had hardly even been able to bear looking at each other. They'd crawled into the shower together that night, washed off the filth of what they'd done, and gone to bed, hadn't even bothered with apologies. What could apologies have done, anyway?
“I’ve been doing this job for a while,” she said, breaking the silence. They listened, unable to do anything else, enraptured. “I see all the gory parts of people. Love them in those gory ways everyone seems so ashamed of.”
He didn’t know what he was doing, really, trailing up the cement hallway. He stopped at a vending machine and plunked a few quarters in for a Snickers bar, bending to pick it up when it clattered into the bottom of the machine. As he moved he felt his phone start to tumble out of his pocket, and quickly scrambled to grab it, catching it nearly midway and righting himself.
Cas stretched his arms over his head, having climbed out of the car last, leaning on one side and then the other, spine cracking. His back was to the brothers, and Dean looked up from fishing through the cigar box, momentarily distracted by the way Cas’ shirt rode up. After a few more seconds, the angel finished stretching and turned, coming to the back of the car to stand beside them.
“Well,” Sam began, looking at Dean and Cas, making sure he hadn’t cut one of them off. “I think we want to know where all this started. We know a little about Amos Porter, but it’s hard to really understand the rest. Of anything, really. Why any of this is happening,
Angry, with himself and with Dean, Cas had refused to break first, and so they'd worked themselves into respective corners of stubborn silence, bristling and licking their wounds, unwilling to even approach each other.
Dean—who by this point was reaching negative levels of tolerance for anything out of the ordinary—drove them, all four, to the nearest motel, booked a few nights with the sourest look on his face Sam had seen in a while, and herded Yann between the three of them into the dark, cold cube of a room. He flicked on the buzzing lights; Cas sat down hard on the far bed, Sam folded his arms and fixed the kid with a stiff look, and Dean shot home the door lock before turning to face him.
. I am not a freaking catfish, I'm a human being, and I'm starving.” He pulled on his jacket, despite the warm summer evening air, and stood impatiently by the door.
He had barely taken two steps into the kitchen to demand the book, Cas having slipped from his fingers in the doorway, when she'd shut him down. He started to say something and she held up a hand, heavy gold rings making her fingers curl.
!” Tomas was saying, pulling Rosa out into the dining room, pointing at their table. She was struggling to push him back into the kitchen, her words muffled as she tried to keep her voice quiet, or force Tomas away, or both.
“Good things don't happen to us, Cas.” Dean shifted, pulling Cas' body in closer to his as if to keep him from the pull of the river. “They just don't. Nothing with our names on it has ever been good.”
“I don’t know, Sammy, alright? This is some bad mojo. I don’t have a good feeling about it. I haven't felt good about it since it
"Nobody here but me. I'll be down in a minute," Dean replied, not quite looking them in the eyes. He could still feel their suspicious eyes boring holes into him for another few seconds before they went back to the kitchen.
“Wings and other angelic anatomy aren’t as easy to heal as human bodies,” Cas answered his unspoken question.  “It takes some time for my Grace to heal and straighten your still-forming feather shafts.”
"Dean," Cas reminded him, a whole sentence of meaning packed into that one word and a significant look.  Dean sighed.
Dean whipped out his gun and tried firing at the angel warding, only to have the bullet ricochet off of the invisible wall.  What the hell?
“It does seem a bit cruel, considering Dean’s extreme obsession with pie,” Cas commented with a frown.
“Good Dean,” Cas praised him.  “You’ll be able to help me sense where the wards are in the cave.”  Dean was glad to be more useful, and managed a weak smile back at Cas.  But he was finding it hard to concentrate when his instincts wanted to get away from the wrongness of the ward.  He breathed a sigh of relief when Sam tore the paper up.
Sam seemed more sympathetic about Gabriel not wanting to fight his brothers, and appreciative of the help he did give them, than Dean was.  Dean was also pissed that the archangel wouldn’t just snap his fingers and return everyone to the bottom of the beanstalk.  Nope – they had to climb all the way down every terrifying inch.  Backpacks full of gold didn’t make the climb any easier either.  Most of the gold went to Shayna and Juanita as the engagement gift that Gabriel had promised them in exchange for their ordeal.  However the women insisted on giving the Winchesters enough gold to tide them over for a few months.  Since they were going to be busy saving the world, at least they wouldn’t have to worry about taking time out to hustle pool and steal credit cards for a while.
"Sam – I'm okay now. I'm alive again. So this isn't about vengeance. The angels will give Lilith justice," Dean reminded Sam.
“Dean and I can direct you to where the wards are painted.  A line of paint through each of the wards should suffice,” Cas explained.  With that, Sam and Garth dug out cans of spray paint from their bags.  Trying to tell Sam and Garth were to paint from a distance wasn’t as easy as Dean had expected, and took at least a half hour.  After the last ward on the outside of the building was finally broken, everyone looked to Cas expectantly.
"THAT'S IT!" the first giant roared as he slammed into the second giant, just narrowly missing the bush where Dean was hiding.  The two of them tumbled down a large hill before starting a punching match at the bottom.
The beanstalk suddenly shook with one tremendous force, and the loud crash sounded like the giant above them had suddenly fallen to the ground.  Dean clung to the vines for dear life as the force of the impact vibrated him up and down by multiple feet with every vibration.
Multiple faces?  So Dean felt like he was looking in multiple different directions at once because he now had more faces and eyes than he was used to?  Stumbling to the bathroom mirror to see for himself was more of a struggle than he anticipated.  It felt like his different faces were fighting for dominance because it was surprisingly hard to figure out which part of his vision was the forward-facing part.  Then, of course, there were the wings, which were agitated because he was agitated.  Dean was pretty sure he cracked the door frame on the way into the bathroom when one of his wings flapped right as he was trying to go through the doorway.  The stupid wing hurt afterwards too.
"Can we talk to your cousin?  It will help if she could explain what she saw.  It could hold clues to what happened," Sam interjected, always the good peacekeeper.  Henriksen deflated a little.
“It’s trail mix, Dean!  Humans eat sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, nuts, and raisins too.  I added M&Ms to it just for you,” Sam retorted with an eye roll.  Dean sighed and strapped on the ‘utility belt’, feeling slightly better when he noticed it had a sheath for the demon knife, which made it look a little more badass.  Next he strapped on his head lamp, and that’s when he noticed his jacket laid out for him – with new wing holes in the back.
“Only geeks like you would use ‘irregardless’ in an argument,” Dean grumbled, ignoring the jibe about the insecurity he did NOT have.
"But Michael is one of the few angels who ever knew God.  Could he be right?  Could this atrocity really be what God has commanded?" Cas sounded completely dismayed and broken at the thought, but that didn't stop Dean from feeling angry that he could even think that.
Dean definitely understood that.  Somehow Dean’s eyes got even bigger as he realized what Cas was saying.  Cas had never seen those emerald eyes sparkle with that much hope and love and everything else that Dean had been keeping inside himself, just like Cas had been.  In a blur of movement, Dean was suddenly right up in Cas’ “personal space” and clashing their lips together.
“Cas thinks he can teach you to fly,” Sam continued.  Just like every other time the topic came up, Dean immediately had the mental image of himself crashing and burning.  He shuddered.
Cas’ eyes were distracted by the way that Dean was nervously licking his lips.  The temptation was very strong to pull Dean even closer and do what Dean had initially inadvertently suggested that they do.  Cas was very hungry for the taste of Dean's lips.
"You!" a couple voices all cried together as they starred at the Trickster, who just smirked back at them.
“So I’m a bit bi, or pan, or Angel-sexual or whatever,” Dean replied with a huff, “It doesn’t mean that I need to start fitting the stereotypes.”
"Then is this really the best time for you to be going out on a hunt?  Why not let Sam meet up with Henriksen while you help me research," Bobby suggested.  Dean tried not to wince with just how much he didn't want to be cooped up doing research.
“That shouldn’t have made your wings itch, Dean.  You’re just trying to bait me into straightening out your feathers later,” Cas replied with a raised eyebrow and a slight smirk.  Well, that’d certainly be a bonus, and Dean smirked too at the thought.
To their credit, Sam and Bobby didn't jump too badly when Dean and Cas suddenly appeared out of thin air back at Bobby's house.  Still, Dean still wished he could have gotten a picture of their reactions.  He'd be laughing for weeks at how Sam had almost fallen out of his chair.
In other words, they were totally screwed.  Dean didn't even want to imagine Cas trying to go up against one of them.
“Dude – you didn’t honestly take this seriously, did you?” Sam replied with an eye roll as he tore the paper with the warding sigil in two, and Dean actually felt the effects of the ward dissipating.  “Enjoy your pie – but no more messing with my laptop.”  Sam handed Dean the slice of pie that he had cut, then started unpacking the rest of the groceries.
"Dean – this is good news. This isn't just another round of demon crap. You were saved by one of the good guys! Now I know you're not all choirboy about this stuff, but this is becoming less and less about faith and more and more about proof," Sam chimed in.
“Oh hell yeah” Charlie responded and swiftly began devouring the brownie. Dean watched in horror as she ate the whole thing.
“You think I can convince her to give us more shots?” Dean asked, stumbling over his words slightly from the drinks.
The silence on Dean’s end of the phone confirmed all of Sam’s suspicions. There was a few more seconds of silence before Sam finally broke it.
It wasn’t until noon, that Dean finally got out of bed on day three. By 4pm Dean found himself watching The Time Traveler’s Wife. He never enjoyed it before but it was Cas’ favorite. This was the first time he watched it with focus, every time before he spent the movie watching Cas’ face. The intrigue and focus in which Cas displayed while watching his favorite films always entertained Dean more than an actual movie.
Of course, he also forced a very confused, stupidly high Charlie, the crossed-faded, near catatonic Cas, Benny, who had just finished his very own bottle of tequila and the happiest drunk of them all, and Donna, a giggly and loving drunk to join him for his final song.
Garth and Bess entered peacefully in the back of the crowd, while their sons impatiently walked around them. Jody and Donna rapidly made a b-line for them, pulling them into affectionately tight hugs.
Tears were now streaming down Dean’s face as he stared himself down in the mirror. His lip shook as he tried to contain himself. He wanted to be stronger, as if that would make him feel better. Time was frozen for a moment as his head spun and thoughts raced.
Before Claire could notice his mental turmoil, the silence was interrupted by an agitated Ellen shouting from the entrance of the bar. Something along the lines of
“Oh don’t worry Dean, I’ve got one for you too” Meg remarked before, to Dean’s surprise, she threw her arms around his shoulders. At first tense, Dean soon relaxed and appreciated the hug from their once enemy, turned ally, turned misbehaved family member, who inevitably died for them.
Dean leaned against the bar, smirking to Cas. Cas nodded in response, knowing the song he chose by heart. It was the 13
“Mornin Cas” Dean said in a low grumble. He stretched out his shoulders as he blinked away the sleep in his eyes.
Sam smiled with a hidden sadness and glanced across the room to Cas intently staring at the animals on the television. He took a moment before he could get himself to speak.
Dean and Cas stared at each other, clearly in shock over Jack’s announcement. They hadn’t taken a moment to actually stop and talk about what they were going to choose since Jack told them. It hadn’t occurred to them that Jack offered it to others, let alone everyone. Dean glanced over to Sam, who didn’t appear phased by what Jack had to say.
Their conversation was cut short by a clearly worked up Claire pushing her way in through the front door. She huffed loudly as she threw her bag onto an end table. Claire quickly through herself into the recliner, moments later becoming aware of Cas’ presence.
“Cas?” Claire said “What are you doing here?” She sat forward in her seat, wishing she could be happy to see him, but she knew something had to be wrong if he wasn’t with Dean.
“Claire, what the hell are you doing?” Dean scoffed with a quick motion towards the cigarette slowly burning in Claire’s hand.
“Oh please that was nothing. It probably won’t even touch me. Also are you like 12 years old? Just call it a pot brownie.”
“He doesn’t want anyone to know about me” Cas said in a broken voice. “He will be upset that you know”
“Well at first it was all cowboys. Then I realized it was a perfect love story and they seemed like they could really be happy together. Something always stopped them and I couldn’t understand why they couldn’t just be happy together. Next thing they knew it was too late. Now what? He’s dead and he’s just supposed to live on without him? Why couldn’t they get their happy ending?” Cas spoke nearly too fast for Jody to understand but she understood the main idea of what Cas was rambling on about. “They deserved a happy ending” Cas said sternly.
“No offence there, Cas, but you don’t read like a hunter. You’re a little too… soft.” Roy said, his arms still crossed and eyebrows raised.
Jody observed him from her spot, he didn’t seem to notice her staring. He was sitting with legs crossed, shoes dirtying the couch. Every time the chef on the TV got to a new step, he tilted his head, intensely curious on where it would go next.
“Go to hell” is all Dean could get out without his voice wavering. Roy swiftly lifted his gun and swung it down onto the side of Dean’s head. Dean attempted to cover his pain and barely let out a painful sigh. A small trail of blood trickled down Dean’s neck as Roy kicked the back of Dean’s leg. Dean fell to his knees, just as Roy struck his cheek with the side of his gun. Dean wanted to fight him, the rage inside him wanted to explode. Instead, he stayed down in the mud, like he would as a child. John had taught him to be a perfect fighter, an indestructible soldier; unless John was the attacker. If John was angry, and boy did he get angry, Dean knew he would be better off taking the beating than attempting to stop it.
Cas gulped and glanced into the mirror across the room. Dampened with Dean’s sweat, Cas’ hair stuck out in every direction. The skin along his jaw was still blushed and warm.
“Ellen.” Cas said with a short nod. Dean still stood leaned onto the counter across the room, clearly putting way too much effort into appearing casual. Ellen gave Cas a brief smile before she turned her attention towards Dean. Which in turn sent a shivering panic deep down into Dean’s gut.
The dining room table was a warm dark brown; Cas thought it was beautiful. If you asked him, the table was a high-end piece of artistic furniture, the reality was Jody got it from a thrift store and it was one of the cheapest tables on the market. The nails holding it together were rusted and poking out on the edges. If you weren’t careful when moving it, you would definitely end up with a few cuts or splinters. The wood had lost most of its protective coating and left a dry exterior. Three forest green table clothes sat on the table, a perfect paring with the natural dark wood colors. Speckles of water stains and scratches coated the center of the table.  Nonetheless, it was beautiful to Cas. A candle sat in the very middle of the table, perfectly aligned with the chandelier that hung from the ceiling.
“Alright you gotta tell me what’s going on” Claire said, leaning her head with a hint of pity for Cas and his clear heartbreak.
The anger in Cas’ statement filled the room, causing an awkward silence that didn’t seem to bother Cas. Jody and Claire exchanged a few communicative looks, planning their next steps. Jody slowly stood up, dusting her pants off with her hands in the process.
. It took a moment to adapt, but Cas soon relinquished any and all control over to Dean. Their bodies grew nearly rabid with passion and heat. Without even realizing they were moving across the kitchen, Cas’ lower back hit the edge of the counter.
As it approached 7pm more people trickled in. Pamela made her grand entrance with a loud greeting to each and every person. Kevin and his parents arrived at 7pm on the dot with a bottle of Merlot and homemade casserole, courtesy of Ms. Tran. Fashionably late, Sam and Eileen walked in offering up a fruit tray and Eileen’s
“Cas!” Dean shouted as he walked around the corner of the building. They had parked in the back of the restaurant so Dean figured Cas had headed for the Impala. “Cas!” Dean repeated, this time a crack hit his voice in the middle of shouting, clearly displaying his distress. Just as Dean was passing the dumpster, he felt a sharp pain through his back and he was quickly thrown onto the brick wall beside him. The rough texture of the old bricks scrapped against Dean’s cheek as he felt a familiar cold metal press against the back of his neck. This situation wasn’t new to Dean. Time and time again he had found himself trapped and facing his mortality. This time felt different. He was afraid. Not ready to die. Not when he had just begun truly living.
Dean looked back to Jack; eyes now stained with panic. Jack stared back, seemingly confused by the question.
“Yes Jack, that’s been our understanding so far.” Cas answered for the both of them to avoid Dean snapping from his lack of patience.
“Jody! Have you seen this movie?” Cas said very seriously, his finger was pointing directly to the TV. The credits of Brokeback Mountain were scrolling along the television.
“I prefer you call me Castiel” Cas said in a serious tone, very briefly glowing his eyes that bright blue between blinks.
Kaia, Patience and Alex were at the back of the wagon unloading boxes stuffed to the brim with flashy decorations. They worked quickly and chaotically, and very, very, loudly. Dean could’ve sworn there was an entire circus burning to the ground in the back of the car based on the noises he heard.
Despite being very invested in getting an answer from Sam, Dean was quickly distracted by his best friend’s presence.
Jody froze for a moment not wanting to step on a bomb in this minefield of a conversation. “Well” Jody thought for a moment “I know that Dean likes cowboys”
Roy had always been an obsessively arrogant person. He would frequently ‘preach’ to Sam and Dean about sin when they were kids. Every time he did, it read more as a threat than it did a sermon. Each aggressive speech of his always seemed focused on Dean. Roy was ruthless and angry. Compared to Roy, John was gentle.
Suddenly, Dean pulled away and wore an expression on his face that Cas couldn’t read no matter how hard he tried. The soft lines that formed Dean’s eyes moved up to meet Cas’ bright blue eyes.
“If you don’t tell me what’s going on with you and Cas then I will drive home right now and make you tell me.”
“Ah ah,” Eileen exclaimed, holding her hand out to stop Dean from digging in “Careful. Those are party brownies.”
“Boy why don’t you put those arms and legs to work and go help the girls with rest of the boxes?” Ellen instructed, waiting no longer than a second to continue, “You just gonna stand there and look pretty or you gonna get movin’?”
Quickly leaning up against a table, Gabriel put on his cool guy entrance act. Eliciting a swarm of laughter across the bar.
“Okay, you know where to find me.” Jack said and swiftly spun his chair the opposite direction before hopping onto the ground and heading for the front door of the bar. There was a hop in his step that stuck out to Dean. The peacefulness and confidence in Jack’s strides to the door made Dean smile. Jack’s posture used to resemble a small malnourished pack mule that was being forced to carry a family of four. There was no sign of that left; Jack now, always appeared to just float across a room. Dean held his head high with pride but quickly lowered it as regret sunk into his chest. He quickly remembered the way he had treated Jack years before.
Not more than 15 minutes had passed, and Cas had changed the channel 6 times. At one point he accidently clicked on a live broadcasting church, that time he changed the channel before Jody could process what it was. Afterwards he watched a few minutes of a doctor show he knew Dean enjoyed. It wasn’t his favorite but he would always watch it for Dean. Dean wasn’t there with him. He glanced down at the empty couch seat beside him, wishing Dean would appear there.
This of course, didn’t slow either of them down. Dean’s rough palm pulled persistently at the back of Cas’ neck. There was no way of getting any closer together than they already were; still the two continued to pull the others’ body forcefully against their own. To Cas’ surprise, Dean in one solid motion, pushed his body onto the countertop. Their bodies never broke contact in the process despite the amount of strength it took for Dean to lift Cas onto the counter. Moving slowly for a change, Dean’s mouth migrated across Cas’ jawline and downward along his neck. Cas let out a soft uncontrollable moan as Dean continued to explore his neck; trailing across his collarbone.
Exiting the hug, Dean held Crowley by his shoulders for a moment, “How the hell are you here man? You. Meg. God- Benny is around here somewhere I gotta find him. But I mean we’re all pretty lost, how did you guys get here anyways? Demons in heaven isn’t exactly the norm you know.”
“Charlie” Dean said in a sweet tone “Get over here kid” Reaching his arms out, Dean motioned for a hug, which was eagerly accepted by Charlie. The hug was short and sweet, ending with Dean offering her one Eileen’s brownies.
“Well, I’ve talked with Amara, and with a little time I’m perfectly capable of molding your essence into a human soul. After that the reincarnation process is just as simple as any other soul being born on earth. Well, almost as simple” Jack clarified and swiftly took his bubble gum out of his mouth and dropped it in the can beside him. “So, what do you think?”
Turning his head to Dean, Cas furrowed his brow in confusion. Dean responded with a blank stare, before darting his eyes around to show Cas, he too, was completely lost in this conversation.
Wearing a bold but kind smile that took over his face, Benny stood tall at the front of the group. Still beside Cas, a comforting warmth fell into Dean’s chest.
There were many choices for bars in Wichita, but Dean needed to find the right one. After nearly an hour of dragging Cas around town checking out bars, he finally chose one. It was the oldest, rattiest looking one. Half of their windows had been boarded up, most likely broken in bar fights. Just as Cas and Dean entered in through the front door, the overwhelming smell of cheap mozzarella sticks filled the air.
“You really don’t get it?” Jack asked the two of them, nearly laughing at how oblivious they were, “A bond like yours doesn’t just disappear, you can take away the memories, change the entire story, it doesn’t really matter where you are or who you are, the two of you will find each other.” Jack responded, but his answer slowly turned into an endless tangent “I mean if you think about it, your love was born out of free will, well actually it was your first moment of true free will, so logically it’s easy to assume a life full of free will would lead the two of you to each other. It’s funny I was just thinking the other day that if you two had known that Chuck didn’t write that portion of your story then maybe you -”
Dean gulped, struggling to accept the advice his brother was giving. How could he let himself go? The many walls built up inside him felt indestructible. He reached for the whiskey bottle sitting across from him on the table, but stopped a moment later. Sighing, he put the cap on the bottle, pushing it away from him.
“Cowboys” Cas muttered to himself, there was a hint of achievement in his voice, as if that’s what he had been searching for. Jody squinted to the TV reading the title of what he had chosen to watch next. Brokeback Mountain displayed across the bottom of the screen as Cas selected it. Jody considered intervening, knowing the ending of the movie would not sit well with Cas. Once she looked closer and saw the anticipation on Cas’ face, she knew she couldn’t tell him to change it. She half hoped he would go back to channel surfing and only watch the first five minutes. Sighing with worry, Jody retreated into the kitchen.
Dean sat silent for a moment on the other end of the phone. “No, I uh- I haven’t called anyone, I mean they’ll have questions you know”
“Dean,” Cas started, this time loud and direct “Sam doesn’t even know about us, Jody doesn’t. Claire doesn’t. When will I be more than your secret? If you truly care about me. No. If you truly loved me, I wouldn’t be a secret.” By the end of his sentence Cas was nearly shouting.
“What’s with all the streamers?” Dean asked Claire as he motioned towards Alex heading inside with various decorations.
Dean and Cas exchanged soulful, yet complicated, stares with each other. A realization washed over Cas in that moment, he quickly spoke up. “Wait. But if Dean and I can’t remember each other, how are we supposed to spend this new life together?”
“You can change it if you’d like” Jody politely suggested, not knowing if his confusion was enjoyment or disgust. She motioned slightly to the remote sitting on the dark wooden coffee table that sat in front of Cas.
“Hey Cas, I’m surprised Dean’s letting you near him, he hasn’t had his coffee yet. I could go ahead and guess he’s hungover from a strip club and doesn’t want anyone near him. ” Sam laughed into the phone.
Cas showed up at her door, slightly muddy from the time spent by a river, looking more defeated than a once a soldier of heaven should ever look. Jody attempted to mask her worry and pulled Cas into a hug, knowing he wasn’t quite ready to talk.
His lies did no convincing but Jody accepted them. “You hungry?” Jody replied realizing the need to change the conversation.
To everyone’s surprise Meg jumped in for a hug from Eileen. Stunned, but by no means upset, Eileen returned the hug. Sam’s eyes darted back and forth between the two of them until they finally parted. Scratching the back of his neck in the hopes he could scratch away the awkwardness, Sam cleared his throat; a desperate attempt at breaking the tense silence.
Just as Cas managed to slip his trench coat back on, the kitchen door swung open with a creak. Dean was ‘casually’ leaned against the counter next to the pie pan. Cas stood like a statue, still directly next to the portion of the counter he had only moments ago been seated on.
Cas nodded slowly; in Cas’ head, him being an angel was clearly a roadblock when it comes to, well being a human. There were a hundred more questions he was holding in over the logistics of Jack’s proposed plan. He wasn’t sure how it would work for Dean, a human, so how on earth would it work for an angel? They all had ample experience with resurrection, but reincarnation? Was it even possible? The closest thing he knew to reincarnation was human souls being twisted into demons and possessing bodies, but he was sure this is not what Jack meant.
Bobby and Rufus arrived shortly after the prep work was finished, swiftly taking a seat at the bar and starting their daily superfluous argument. Jo stood behind the bar, wiping down the last tray of clean shot glasses. Across from her, sat Dean and Cas, ‘sharing’ an over-sized slice of pie. Dean called it sharing, but in reality, Dean ate the whole slice and Cas sat with a fork in front of him.
“Dean.” Cas sighed rolling his eyes at Dean’s dumb choices. Tilting his head to appear cute and avoid a lecture, Dean responded with a sarcastic smile.
“That was my plan, yeah” Claire remarked, shrugging her shoulders while she tossed her cigarette butt onto the ground. Dean shot her a look of disgust holding out a hand towards her garbage; carelessly discarded on the gravel.
“Hey there, boys” Ellen greeted while struggling to juggle two wooden bins in her arms, each piled high with a variety of snacks, drinks and dishes.
“Yes… yes I will join you” Cas said, nodding his head and following behind Claire into the dining room.
“There’s a lot to it and in reality it doesn’t matter” Jody shrugged “But I’ve seen in it your eyes, and in his eyes too.” Cas nodded accepting Jody's simplification. Cas thought for a moment longer before he continued.
Just as Sam was about to demand an explanation, they were interrupted by another familiar voice that didn’t match any of the guests they knew of-
Jack gave one of his short cheerful waves with a gregarious smile before exiting through the rickety door of the Roadhouse. Now in complete silence, Dean and Cas remained side by side behind the bar, both unsure of what to say to one another. It was mid-day; leaving the bar empty besides the two of them. The silence grew deafening as time passed; they played their typical game of eye tag that usually meant there was a lot to say, that neither of them were willing to say out loud. It was abruptly broken by the sharp ring of the oven timer, signaling that their homemade apple pie was ready to be devoured. Dean’s eyes shot up, glowing with anticipation. Before Cas could even process what the timer meant, Dean was around the corner and into the kitchen. Cas followed behind him just in time to see Dean pull a glorious steaming pie out of the beat-up oven. Dean’s face lit up with joy as he carefully placed the pan onto the counter. Shoulder leaned onto the door frame; Cas admired Dean from a far. He took a moment to really take it in; here he was, with Dean, no, really
“Do…” Cas paused, clearing his throat “Do you think he saw Dean and I?” Cas searched his mind, recalling that night. At the time he thought Dean’s nervousness was because he didn’t want anyone to know about him. He now saw the nervousness was a deep fear of the man in front of them. Cas remembered getting in the impala and never bothering to look at Dean. He remembered their argument, when Cas finally looked up to Dean, he saw bruising along his cheek bone. Cas didn’t take the time to ask what had happened. The reality of what happened that night sunk over Cas.
“You can’t take your memories with you to your new life. But! As soon as you die in your next life, you’ll get them all back. As soon as you’re back in heaven, you’ll remember your old life memories and your new ones.”
Cas was only gone for a day when Sam said that he and Eileen were going on a trip. They needed alone time, and Sam thought Dean and Cas could use the same. When Sam noticed Cas was gone, he asked Dean if everything was okay. Dean, of course lied through his teeth and said Cas was spending a few days in heaven with Jack. In reality, Dean and Cas had just finished a screaming match which ended with Cas leaving without a warning. Sam mistakenly believed Dean’s lie and left Dean alone in the bunker.
“No, Dean. It’s alright.” Cas said in a calm voice, not wanting to startle the bee. Cas lifted up his hand to his shoulder, guiding the bee onto his fingers. “The bees and I know we won’t hurt each other.”
Dean found himself staring into Cas’ eyes, instantly forgetting whatever nonsense they had been discussing. Oh how he loved those icy blue eyes. He took a moment just to appreciate the blessing that it was to be here, with him. Reaching out his hand, Dean held the side of Cas’ face, gently pulling him close. Dean laid a gentle kiss on Cas’ cheek. Cas closed his eyes for a short moment, absorbing the warmth of Dean’s touch.
“Okay, but Dean, please take my advice. You deserve to be happy” Sam said sympathetically. The line cut out just after his sentence, a clear indicator that Dean wasn’t accepting his advice.
Dean hesitated, his mind was running a mile a minute but also felt frozen and blank; blocked out. Finally, he spoke, “Don’t get me wrong here Jack, I’m – intrigued, I definitely am. But I’m having trouble just wrapping my head around this… I’d just be born again? A different person? A different body? I get to keep all my memories, right?” As Dean spoke, he unconsciously moved his hands around in the air, almost as if his body was mirroring his thoughts; spinning, turning and flipping around inside his head.
By day four, Cas had grown tired of aimlessly wandering, stuck in his thoughts. He could only think of one other place that felt like it would feel similar to the bunker, Jody’s house. The last Jody heard from the boys was that they were all doing good and spending some time in the bunker after everything that went down. After all, they deserved a break after defeating god. Jody still wasn’t sure how to feel about that, god? Being the ultimate villain? When the boys tried to explain it all to her she declined, she preferred ignorance in this case.
“Come along upstairs,” Sugar said with cheerful haste, lifting her skirt to climb the steps. She called, “Nate!” down after her as the boys followed, and somewhere in the house a door opened and closed.
“My brother's in love,” he said, simply. “And he's happier than I've ever seen him. And I figure—I figure if being in love can make someone that happy...then it can't really be a bad thing, can it?”
“You didn’t know what, Dean?” Cas asked, and Dean pulled away, wiped his eyes of tears that were quickly replaced by new ones.
Cas picked up the plate that had held the bacon and followed her into the kitchen, into the warm light and the creamy tile.
Dean looked away from him, into the water lapping at the pylons of the dock. He wondered absently if there were minnows in the shallows, back a ways.
“What—really?” Dean asked, wandering out of the bathroom with his toothbrush stuck in his mouth. Cas was in the corner of the room, getting undressed for bed, and he swiveled his head around to look at the brothers, blinking.
The slow song melted into another, the guitar plucking along to Sugar and Nate and the rest of the rocking bodies around them.
“No,” Cas mumbled into his hand, hair sticking up in the front. “Dean, are you sure you’re not just imagining this?”
“Everything's been golden all this time.” Cas straightened, but his shoulders were still hunched, a dark look about his face. “Until that last place. And now we know—now we know it's Death walking, that it's bad. That Dean was right all along.” Something prickled behind his eyes at that, but he didn't let it surface, didn't want to give it ground. Didn't want to think about what that meant for them, they two, and what had been building on the road. “And then a hunt surfaces where we haven't had a decent one in months. Something triggered this ghost.” He gnawed at his lip. “Maybe this is it. And it's starting, the big bad
Unlike many times before on this grand trip, unlike the touches before where Dean had shrugged Cas off, had dismissed him, Dean immediately grabbed Cas’ hand, holding it hard. He gripped it, and Cas stroked the back of his hand with his thumb, pulling their tangled fingers gently under the table where it wouldn’t distract. Dean’s bristled body eased slightly, sinking tiredly in his seat.
When Cas asked Dean to pull over, to watch it roll in, the air was just strange and blue enough that he complied.
All at once a violent energy waved through Dean and he made one final, strangled sound, and then, on his next inhale, he quieted.
They looked positively ecstatic, he thought, smiling at each other, their eyes alight under the swinging lanterns. Dean, he knew, had never been much for dancing, but Cas was surprisingly enthusiastic, and by all appearances pretty damn
But he didn't speak up, and they didn't speak up, either. When they went to bed—early, so as to get a fresh start on Sandra Eadie's ghost in the daylight—Sam took his time rearranging the too-hard pillows, watching them. Dean and Cas climbed into bed and didn't kiss goodnight, didn't touch, hardly even looked at one another—lay down and turned their backs, Dean facing Sam, Cas facing the wall, their bodies curled in tight against themselves. Almost as if they were afraid of any contact between their skin.
She lived a little outside of the actual city on a quiet patch of undisturbed ground that had not been fully developed. The usually brown Mississippi gleamed in bands of gold in the late afternoon sun, curving itself to the road they were on, surface shifting as clouds came and went.
He parked the Impala on a jutting bit of turn-off, separated from the river by a few trees and a stumbling slope, and they all got out to stand on the gravel. The storm was hurtling in faster than Cas had thought, barreling closer, curling and green at the bottom, weird and purpled with the shadows of itself.
She stopped and turned to him, cocked her painted eyebrow. He eyed the basket and raised his own in challenge.
“You told me,” Olivia said, tapping her spoon a little against her ceramic bowl, “that you were going to build these two a house, mashwarohn.”
Castiel forgot about his bruises and the bites. He forgot about the ache in his lower back and the weakness in his legs. Forfeited all of it for the cord of desire winding down his spine, the vine-like spiral nestling between his vertebrae, the buzzing places at the back of his knees and the arches of his feet.
They were regarded by the sleepy-eyed windows as they opened the dusty rooms and dumped their gear inside. It was obvious that the place didn’t get very much traffic. The bed sheets were stiff, and though there was nothing particular that gave it away, there was a character to the furniture that spoke of age and solitude and a few stray travelers once in a blue moon.
Mattie gave them full and enthusiastic permission to explore as much as they liked. Her house was enormous, and Sam quickly lost himself in the room with bookshelves all along the walls, the two wide windows looking out into the side yard, all blanked out by the fog. When Cas wandered past the open oaken door he saw him sitting in the huge winged armchair, a stack of old books on the side table at his wrist, lost in what looked like an ancient copy of
Cas swallowed hard. He tried not to let himself go weak in the knees—not in front of a creature like this, not in front of Sam. Not in front of Dean.
“So?” Sam asked as they walked towards the car, Dean holding out his hands for the keys, which Sam passed along.
"Really? That's nice. I hate it when it's drugs, and it always seems to be drugs. It's not a cult, is it?"
Cas shifted towards him, and his thin arms came around him again, and for once Dean let himself be boneless, melt a little backwards. Be held up by him, his strong solid bird-boned body.
"Oh, can't trust a contractor. Not if you want an honest house," Jones chuckled. "No, this house has to hold up to everything, and you can't trust a contractor for that."
She moved her fingers on his shirt in encouragement, and he let his brother and Castiel go, unfolding himself from the knot they’d made, stepping back with her.
“What the fuck was that about!?” Sam demanded, frantic. The sound of their heartbeats in the car was almost audible even over the roar of the road. Cas was twisted to look out the back window at the vanishing cantina, and Sam's eyes were fixed on Dean in the rear-view mirror.
When they lay down together Dean held Castiel's face and kissed him, not too hard and not too deep, and they tangled themselves together for warmth and comfort and watched the rain leave glimmering streaks in the underglow of the porch light on the window, and the leafy branches of the tree outside scrape Morse messages on its surface.
Yann made an exasperated noise and crouched down, opening a cabinet in the counter of the kitchenette. From the dusty dark he pulled out what looked like a high schooler's chemistry binder, stuffed full of newspaper clippings and web printouts.
David Parsons was forty-five years old, and extremely tired. He had been tired since the moment he'd first laid hands on a silver knife, sixteen years before, and had slashed the throat of the thing wearing the stolen skin of his little sister. Certainly, he had managed to remember how to sleep nights; certainly, sometimes his dreams even bordered on pleasant. But for the most part he was a veritable insomniac—which, he supposed sometimes, worked in his favor, as the things whose spilled blood made his living tended toward the darker hours.
“You have let this happen for too long,” he said, over the sound of Dean’s cries. “Too long you have let this sit heavy in you. It is time to let go.”
“We can go find food,” Cas said, breaking in, seeing the look of apprehension on Dean's face. He seemed a little shell-shocked by the appearance of the journal—not what he'd been expecting to fall into his lap, here, of all places, and so easily. “And work out what to do next.”
Sam pointed out a little cafe-on-wheels on the other end of the park and then said he was going to take a jog, hadn't had a proper one in months; when he'd gone off, Dean went to the mesh screen and peered in at the doves with Cas, hands in his pockets. Some nodded sleepily on their perches, necks pulled inwards, feathers fluffed up in rest, and others fluttered around, wings beating the air in their frenzied little flights from artificial branch to branch. One struck up a mournful song, low and sweet, and a few joined in, waking the ones with their wings over their faces. Here and there pairs and trios nestled against each other, beady eyes winking at the two men watching them, their companions pecking seed from the dirt bottom.
“Dozens of them up in the Ozarks,” she said. “I'm sure someone there can tell you where y'all need to go next. Or give you more answers than I can.”
The careful footfalls; the imperceptible rustle of the dirt under steady feet; Olivia looked back at Dean, and for a moment she seemed sad. As if she knew she would not be seeing his face like this ever again. She knew he’d be different when he walked out of that water. He would have to be. He wouldn't be a catfish much longer.
She smiled to herself when she heard him come in. The bowlegged one with the hungry eyes. She knew how desperate he was and she moved her head nervously. It would turn out. They’d made it here. Him alone making it here was a miracle in itself…she could feel him ready to make his hungry demand and she laughed, made a little
"How am I supposed to know - I just—" Cas stopped in the middle of the sidewalk. "I'm not enough for him. And he won't tell me how to improve, he just shoves me aside. I want to improve, I want to fix whatever's wrong, but he won't even give me a chance!"
,” Dean stressed, climbing into the car. The doors slammed shut and Dean revved the engine, circling out of the parking lot.
He reached out to and tucked a strand of Momoko’s hair behind her ear affectionately, and her smile came unhidden, and she grinned.
"I tell you once, I tell you a hundred times, Baby! You stay out of that pantry or I will skin you for boots!"
“Exactly!” she said brightly, clapping her hands, suddenly excited. “Kids round here go crazy if they see one. Small town, you know, very small town. Traditions stick. Kingfishers in the summer are the best. They mean a lasting one. But if you see one, that means someone’s liable to ask you, or you should ask soon, or however you take it. People talk about a kingfisher and they’re probably talking about a wedding too.”
Cas sighed, running a hand back through his hair. He didn't even know what he was looking for. Some indication of a rupture, some indication that they'd been moving apart enough for Ryan to be snatched away by the ghost of Sandra Eadie.
She had probably worked every night that week, Dean thought, entranced by the movement of the universe on her back. She probably had to, just to afford the place she was living in, and she was insisting on feeding them. He stared at her bones, concerned. It looked like the tattoos, the supernovae, were eating her alive, taking up every square inch she had to offer, sucking her dry.
“Er—we're on online publication,” Sam said, smoothly slipping back under the pre-prepared lie. “We just wanted to, you know. Spread the story around a little more, reach a wider audience.”
She pushed the meat around in her skillet. Of all the things she could have been doing, she was cooking for them, giving them what little she had.
Dean and Cas didn't dance again, but when they'd taken a seat at one of the tables with a few of the more worn-out couples they stayed close together, bodies gravitating, and Sam saw Dean steal a quick firm kiss against Castiel's temple not long before the lanterns went full up and the Byrnes took their final bows on the stage to thunderous applause.
It was the furthest from the Mississippi they'd been all this time. The river wasn't even visible, even once they'd reached the cabin motel, out in the furthest-flung reaches of the town. It was strange to be so far away from it, Dean thought, to not be able to even hear its current. He'd grown so used to it along the road.
Hesitantly Cas leaned forward, let his head rest against Dean's shoulder, and Dean settled a hand on his naked waist, and they knelt together on the bed, eyes closed, saying nothing, rocking a little bit under the noise of the rain.
“Don’t even try to ‘what girl’ me, Sammy,” Dean said, raising his eyebrows; Sam’s blush deepened and he coughed nervously into his hand. “So where is she? Didn’t you tell her to come?”
“We aren’t here for fun,” Dean said, as if to remind them. He pushed up his sunglasses to glance at the screen of his phone and check if Bobby had called while he was dozing. Sam rolled his eyes. Cas licked his thumb, turning the page, continuing to read.
His mouth opened and closed rapidly, and they watched the tears brim and spill down his face all at once. He didn’t manage to say anything for a long time, and when he did, it was proceeded by a laugh from somewhere deep, deep within him.
“You’re my sweet boy, you know? My sweet, sweet boy,” she murmured, making him bend down to let her kiss him again before they all disappeared upstairs.
"Come on," Dean gasped, grabbing his hips, rocking him harder, cocks slipping together with every thrust. "Come on, come on, come
Bent his knees, arched again, pulled back and slid his hands beneath Dean's shirt, rode it up and over and Dean stripped it from his own body, nearly tore it in his haste. It landed absently on the floor in the periphery of Cas' attention and they pushed up the bed, rouching the comforter under their bodies, Cas' knees knocking against Dean's hips, wanting, needing, desperately hungry with it. Something must have broken at the threshold of the room, something must have ripped the humanity out of them, animals, avalanche. This was not kissing to keep the kingfishers quiet.
“It’s been two cycles and I haven’t turned,” he said, rubbing his fingers up and down the spine. “I came up here, and I sat there and nothing happened. Not a hair out of place.” He laughed suddenly, touching his forehead in disbelief. “I, uh. I did a crossword and finished a book and thought about what to get my mom for her birthday, and I thought, ‘why should I bother with a gift if I’m normal?’ If I can give her a normal son again…” His sentence trailed off and he shrugged.
The book lay open in Dean's lap, across his knees. And Madame Olivia sat in her chair and watched them fall apart, clutching one another like drowning men, and she stroked her lower lip and hummed softly to herself.
“You’re sure this is the only place in town?” Dean said, eyes narrowing. The man nodded, eyes full of sympathy.
“What did you do to him!?” Sam shouted, his pulse beating wildly in his ears, his whole body on pins and needles.
“My daddy always says the big pieces were just a lot of little ones,” she said instead. “I figure I’m just another piece makin' sure the wheel turns, makin' sure y'all don’t give up and throw a wrench in it.”
Dean felt himself tip towards getting lost in the openness of Cas’ face when he smiled quietly at Dean in passing, but then he had gone by, and Sam’s back filled his view, and Dean was left standing, still holding the door, and still some kind of hungry.
“My husband,” Cas whispered, and Dean stuttered, helping Cas to work out of his shirt, throwing it behind them, bare chests flush, heartbeats vibrating against one another, blurring together.
“You'd rather be shooting things than relaxing a little? Following up on something that's not got death written all over it?”
Dean shrugged, folding his arms over his chest, eyes retraining on the dancers. Cas tapped his index finger on the handle of the plastic fork beside him, not saying much. Sam turned his head back to the dance floor, the brief exchange halting and hanging unfinished in the air. Sam ran his tongue over the bottom of edge of his teeth and thought.
“I want to thank you,” Cas said, his voice gone soft. His head was leaning to one side, the pale expanse of his neck raised to the room.
Dean glanced around, looking at the strange white piece of paper sealed to one of the beams, and at a few more hanging limply from the rafter with large characters drawn on them.
They migrated to the food first, under Dean’s unspoken insistence, and sat quietly, eating, each staring around respectively. Sam broke off a bit of the breadstick the church hospitality had given him and mopped up the sauce with it, staring at the couples and families that were streaming in the front doors. They wore boots and dancing shoes, and many, like Sugar and Nate, were dolled up for the occasion. Girls wandered by, catching his eyes and then looking at each other, giggling into their hands.
Something in the world seemed to lift, or perhaps it was only the rising of his heart into his throat.
Quietly, Dean got up, and moved to him; held his hips from behind and settled his face into Castiel's shoulder.
The angel scoffed, twisting, and wound up face to face with Dean, the small of his back caught in the hunter's grip, strong hands gentle against his hips. Dean kissed him, lazily, still half-drunk on sleep, and Cas sighed into his mouth, settling, resting his own hands in the crevasses of Dean's elbows.
“I hadn’t thought of it that way,” Sam said quietly. She was right. He hadn’t though at all about how hard it must have been to run the orchard in those first formative years, the struggle of watching it fail over and over and then finally, miraculously, flourishing. He tried to imagine the joy that must have surrounded the occasion. Suddenly the festival took on a whole new meaning.
She paused as the din of the birds died down a little, and studied him for a moment, her eyes narrowing slightly.
Without much thought for their nervous guest, Dean and Cas undressed for bed, turning their backs to him, and when Sam came out of the shower there was a muted discussion as to who Cas was to share a bed with that night; eventually they settled on Dean, and crawled into their respective beds, too exhausted to even say a proper goodnight.
“Hey,” Dean said, when he heard him approaching through the dew-wet grass. He stood up from his stoop, wiped engine grease on his jeans, leaving dark smears. “Bored?”
“I don't know,” the reaper said. “I'll swear on whatever god you like. Once it left my hands I never heard of it again.”
“I’d rather not,” Dean said quickly, cutting him off. His face clouded briefly with misery and Cas refrained from sighing, settling for a soft breath through his nose. “Let’s not talk about that.”
“Goddammit,” Dean hissed—there Cas was, just a little silhouette, his movements jerking and slow, as if he were still asleep, hovering on the riverbank—about to step into the water.
The hunter adjusted his hands on the wheel, face pulling into a grimace. “No.” Dean hesitated, shifting in his seat. “What makes you say that?”
“You go have a good time, sugar!” she called, and Lily grinned, walking around and towards Sam. He straightened up immediately, his Adam's apple bobbing as she approached.
They’d chosen the first door they’d come to: a decently sized room with faded wallpaper and heavy walnut furniture and two chairs that must have at one point belonged to a dining set. The quilt on the bed was thin enough for the summer and Dean immediately cracked the window looking out to the back, stopping a moment to press his forehead against the cool pane and stare down at the dark back garden. He could make out the vague shapes of the trees and the laundry posts and the sagging weight of the calico dress on the line and the muddled, hunched mounds of the flower beds.
“Sammy! Breakfast!” Dean said between laying knocks on the door. Cas hovered at the top of the stairs, his hand fitted round the bannister, leaning back from it slightly, playfully testing his weight against it. There was a muffled response from Sam’s room and Dean smiled, stepping back when the door swung open.
"Shoo! You naughty thing! Naughty Baby! After those duck eggs!" Madame Olivia's voice rattled through the small kitchen, and Cas suddenly pointed to the floor.
She grinned at them, their looks of confusion. "I know what I know, that's all. I'm old and I have old friends." She shrugged.
Castiel jerked towards the sound of Dean's voice to find him crouching down before him where he sat on a milk crate, sanding some piece of wood they had handed him.
Dean shook his head, Cas lifting his face to look at him again, standing alone in the middle of the unfamiliar room, bare chest flushed.
Sugar Byrne cracked an egg into the bacon grease. The whites immediately began to sizzle. She tossed the shell away and watched the shimmering yolk with impatient eyes, foot shifting along with the radio. Static fuzzed in and out and Nate put his hands on her soft waist, bending to kiss her cheek.
Cas breathed, his eyes searching the now-empty room, just as they'd left it—the bed still a mess of tangled sheets, the window still open, the violets still nodding in their vase. The view, as if that of a painting, of the river and the columbine down below, and the whole vast sky stretching off and away.
“What? What is?” Cas demanded, never looking from Dean’s face as he shook and heaved for air and made choked-off sounds of distress.
“Oh, you traveling types. It doesn't matter a bit. You'll stay here until you're done, then. Strangers are always welcome in Galilee.”
“You believe it, don't you?” he said, and she froze, holding the door open, and looked up at him. “You believe whatever Porter was preaching.”
For a long time he didn't move. He and Dean had fallen asleep in a loose sort of embrace, arms around each other, legs tangled, and his head was tucked beneath Dean's chin; the morning was cool and the light was thin and he felt as if every bone in his body had settled perfectly in place, that moving would disrupt some kind of sacred barrier in the air.
“Sure,” Dean said, and she smiled brightly with relief that things were going well. Dean wondered if she was new, working here.
A casual shift closer, nothing unnatural, a gesture of invitation with the tilt of their heads, the silent dare to do something and a snap and a growl of desire as soon as they touched.
Whether it was that piece of Menominee soul, or maybe just the river water that made things grow so big, none could really say for sure. All that could be made of it was that Lily Francis was an awful lot of person for a tiny little town like Greenacre.
“The birds.” Nate half-laughed. “Well, as far as the stories we’ve heard say, they’re heralding a meeting. Way I see it, the common tradition, the engagement part, that came from our side of the fence. Trickled into people’s ears and started making its way into the public. Kingfishers mean the grand wedding.
"You heard me right!  God just up and left with vague enough instructions for the freakin' apocalypse that the kids decided to throw one while he was away?  Huh?  How is that right?  Even if that is really God's plan, then it's a bad one and we need to stop it!  Come on, Cas!  Think about this!  You're better than this!" Dean insisted.  He looked deep into Cas' eyes, and could actually feel the terror and doubt coming from them.  But Dean could also feel the sparks of yearning to trust in Dean and believe in what he was saying.
"Dean!" Sam shouted as he tried to tackle Dean out of the way of a giant pine tree that was falling towards them.  But either Dean was even more out of it than he thought, or the pine tree abruptly changed directions as it was falling so it could still crush him and Sam.
Sure, nearly dying sucked, but it’d all turned out alright in the end.  Sam, Cas, and Balthazar were all alive and free, and the demon was dead – Dean called that a win.  Cas must have seen Dean’s thoughts in his eyes, because Cas sighed and got a very sad look in his eyes that very clearly asked “why can’t you ever learn to value yourself?”  Dean didn’t have an answer to that.
"Dean!" Cas called after him.  Dean sensed Cas try to jump after him, but Cas smacked into the barrier he’d mentioned earlier.  Cas had too much angel mojo to get through the barrier, but Dean was still human enough to pass right through.
“Right – because Cas has been the one to put saran wrap over the toilet, put sugar in the salt shaker, and short sheet my bed,” Sam retorted with a very knowing look at Dean, at which time Dean suddenly found urgency in unpacking the groceries that Sam had just brought home. Dean tried not to smirk, thinking of all the other pranks he’d set up that Sam hadn’t even found yet.
"Who's your friend?" Henriksen asked, glaring at Cas for essentially calling his cousin a liar, but Cas was unfazed.
“Hold on to your horses, ya idjit.  I’ve got the lore books right here, and it says that trolls are vulnerable to fire…,” Bobby’s voice reassured him.
“Turning your shirts inside out does not mean you get to wear them two days in a row,” Sam insisted.  “Now come on, these are practical . . .”
Both brothers were too stunned to move for a second. Then Sam moved with lightning fast reflexes to grab his gun. Dean winced at the realization that Sam didn't believe that this was really him.
"Yeah, well – it was a bit bright and overwhelming at the time," Dean told him, which was a bit of an understatement.
Yep, those were definitely muffled moans that Dean was hearing.  Dean smirked as he continued covering Cas’ neck with little kisses and nuzzles.  Cas was completely lost now, all thoughts of the training session completely forgotten about.  But Dean didn’t just want the muffled version of this, so he freed up one of his hands to pull out the earplugs.  Sure enough, Cas was moaning up a storm, and Dean ate it right up.
"Yeah you were right.  Once I spent some time hanging out with them, getting used to them, and accepting that they're a part of me now... plus, you know, nothing makes you connect to your soul like plummeting to certain doom," Dean replied with a weak attempt at a nervous laugh.  He still never wanted to fly again if he could help it.  That part wasn't changing, but he was willing to let his soul have the other things it wanted, at least around Cas and maybe sometimes Sammy too.
“So we suspect that this is a demon hunt, since most monsters aren’t this familiar with angel warding, but be ready for anything.  Start by breaking the wards on the outside and we’ll see if Cas and I can go in with you,” Dean told them as Cas led them off the main trail and back towards the warded building.  The warding paint seemed to glow in the dark, but Dean knew that Sam and Garth still wouldn’t be able to see it.
Unfortunately, Cas had chosen a can of cherry pie filling, which produced a bright pink milkshake.  He hadn't expected Dean to sign the letter “P” in the wrong location (by his nose instead of by his chin), changing the meaning from “pink milkshake” to…
"Shayna said the person who gave them the magic beans also gave them a spell that would enable the caster to see the beanstalks.  And no, the spell isn't ingested and contains no hallucinogens.  I was skeptical at first too, but once I saw it for myself I knew I needed to call in the experts.  So will you help me or not?" Henriksen explained.
Of course things couldn’t be that simple.  Dean’s wings chose now of all times to erupt in dozens of little tiny porcupine-like needles.  His new feathers were finally starting to emerge.  Dean probably would have freaked out over his new array of silver spikes if he hadn’t been forewarned that this was how his feathers would first emerge.  Sam had insisted on showing Dean dozens of photos of pet birds fledging so Dean would know what to expect.  All of the new feathers grew in while encased in a protective silver coating that would later break away.  While the needles poking through his skin didn’t hurt, Dean discovered the hard way that they caught easily on everything.
Dean cranked up the Zeppelin, and sang along, feeling the music that he'd almost forgotten coming back to him like it was yesterday.  When he discovered that Cas was not familiar with any of the greatest musicians of all time, Dean vowed to introduce the angel to every single one of classic rock's greatest hits.  The long drive ahead of them was a perfect opportunity to go through lots of Dean’s tapes.
“Do any of you know where Lilith is, or do you need our help tracking her down?  If you know what host body she’s riding around in, I can run her through the FBI databases and see if we find a match,” Henriksen offered.
Cas simply nodded and manifested two additional faces with enviable ease.  They glowed more brightly than Dean's extra faces, and they were different animals, but otherwise it didn't feel like Dean and Cas were that different.  Dean wasn’t sure what he’d expected Cas’ other faces to be, possibly some fierce warrior animals that would terrify anyone who saw them on top of a Chrysler-building-sized True Form angel.  But instead, Cas’ other faces were more… quirky choices that seemed to be more reflective of the weird little dude’s personality.  There was a honey bee on one side, and a cat on the other.  Dean found himself smiling when he realized that they really seemed to suit Cas.  It made him feel a little better about having a squirrel face too, since clearly not all angels needed to have fierce warrior faces.
“Good job Dean,” Cas told him with a smug smile.  Dean’s jaw dropped when he realized what Cas was referring to – somehow Dean had been able to sense Cas’ hand well enough to use his wing to smack it.
“Well we have Cas’ and my bags in here with us, so maybe we can toss my lock picks over to Sam…,” Dean suggested.
“This isn’t over!” Dean warned Sam, and then Dean moaned as the sweet taste of pecan pie caressed his tongue.
Dean was trying to be good and not scratch at his itching wings, but they were driving him nuts.  Despite his high tolerance for pain, the itching got under his skin in a different way.  Dean was getting more flexible, so he could reach and pull out most loose feathers by himself, but he (obviously) preferred to coerce Cas into doing it for him.
“Yes.  As your subconscious becomes more integrated with your wings, they become more expressive.  They show your emotions very clearly.  I’m sorry you are not comfortable with this, but this is natural with all angels’ wings.  No, I don’t think you can learn to mask this . . . ,” Cas explained.
Cas took the feather from Sam and examined it closely.  Then Cas spoke a few words of Enochian that sounded like some sort of spell.  Dean felt a very brief pulse of energy vibrate through his wings.  Then Dean jumped because for a split second, he could have sworn that he saw a ghostly image of Balthazar with wings right in front of him.  But in less time than it took to blink it was gone.
Cas was worried about Dean.  Both Sam and Dean had been taking an ASL class so that they could surprise Eileen when she came to visit.  Since Cas knew all human languages, he was helping to tutor them outside of class.  Sam, as expected, was “being a nerd” with how enthusiastic he was about learning sign language, and he was picking up the language very quickly.  Dean, on the other hand, had a tendency to mix up certain signs in ways that could lead to . . . . rather inappropriate mistakes in front of Eileen.
Sam interrupted and started ushering everyone inside the bunker.  Sam and Eileen were having an excited conversation about how wonderful it was to welcome another Man of Letters legacy to the bunker.  Cas tried to pay attention, but he was thoroughly distracted by the way that Dean still had his arm wrapped around Cas’ shoulder.
Dean wasn't sure what he'd been expecting – maybe a land made from clouds – but the pocket dimension (as Cas called it) that they'd entered didn't look that much different from Earth.  There was a medieval looking castle in the distance, and between here and there were trees, and grass, and rocks...
"I explained the importance of our mission, and he consented," Cas explained simply. Dean put his hand in front of Bobby to keep him from continuing to argue.
Dean ran through the trees, trying not to freak out about the huge crashes and roars behind him.  He really, really wanted to deep fry himself an archangel right about now.  Sure, it was part of the plan for some sort of trickster-fabricated monsters to force Sam, Dean, and Cas to separate, but it was supposed to be some kind of monster they could actually fight!
“Good thing that at least Sammich here paid attention in mythology class,” Gabriel replied with a small smile.
Maybe if he could find Sam, if Sam was still alive, they might be able to find some clues. Meanwhile, Dean had a long walk ahead of him.
“It’s alright Sam – those were already loose,” Cas explained.  “Dean is going through a partial molt to make room for the new feathers.  He lost some feathers while rubbing on the chair as well.”
Dean felt Cas’ hand on him, and a pulling sensation.  The pain didn’t go away, but suddenly his body didn’t feel so heavy anymore.  The world slowly started re-emerging from the darkness of near unconsciousness.
"But your soul has wing buds! I assumed... well, I suppose the transfer could have given your soul that attribute...," Cas replied, continuing to examine Dean like he was a puzzle and getting right up in his personal space. Dean tried to take a step back but Cas didn't get the hint and just came closer again.
“Do I really have to spell it out for you?  No, you are not ‘part trickster’ but since both your new faces are reminiscent of other tricksters it reflects a very trickster-like-quality to your soul,” Gabriel explained.
“These tools are magnificent too – they were forged in holy fire!  Just wait until you see the effects!” the demon added, and then began rummaging through his selection of tools, looking for whichever one he wanted to start with on Sam.  Dean hastened his own search for something he could use to fight back.
“What the hell?  Why didn’t you wake me?” Dean demanded.  He was a bit in shock – he never slept that much, especially not in the middle of a case.  Who knew what Balthazar had been going through while Dean had been sleeping!
"Because God commanded it. We have work for you," Cas told him, staring deep into Dean's eyes and rendering him speechless for a moment. Sam and Bobby didn't have any snappy comebacks to that one either.
“Um, your wings didn’t like the backpack very much, and now they are trying to seek out a breeze so they can imitate me . . . ,” Cas began, but he stopped upon seeing Dean’s startled expression.  “Sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you.”
"Hey Castiel – long time no see!  Looks like you've been cozying up with the mortals too," the Trickster told Cas warmly.  Cas narrowed his eyes for a moment as he studied the Trickster, then widened them in shock.
Dean might just have to look up Ratatoskr later – maybe his squirrel side was more badass than he was giving it credit for.  Even though he didn’t have either of his other faces manifested at the moment, he felt the squirrel part of his soul light up excitedly at the prospect of his acceptance.  But Dean still wasn’t completely on board with such an intimate part of him being symbolic of his connection to three realms.  Heaven sounded like it was mostly full of douchebags who couldn’t think for themselves, and Dean didn’t want to have much to do with any of them except Cas.  Worse, Dean hated his connection to Hell even though he knew that it had left a permanent mark on him as well.  The only bright side he could see is that he might never have met Cas if he hadn’t gone to Hell.  Son of a bitch, all of his trains of thought just kept leading him right back to Cas.  He had it bad for his angel.  Now if only they could figure out how to both survive this mission, maybe he could convince Cas to stay with him afterwards.
"We've got to eat sometime Sammy," Dean replied as he turned down the side road to the lodge the map on the sign had indicated.  His mouth was watering as they pulled up to a quaint old fashioned log cabin surrounded by giant pine trees.  The event had attracted quite a crowd, but there was still a table open for them.
Shit.  Even without her saying a word, Dean had a horrible feeling that he knew what the problem was.  Just as he could sense angel Grace in her, she could probably sense the little bit of angel Grace that he’d gotten from Cas.  Cas had said that their Profound Bond was forbidden.  Other angels might even kill him for it.
"Angels aren't supposed to feel things like this.  These emotions, they are overwhelming," Cas whispered, like he was afraid of these new things he was feeling.  Dean suddenly wondered if Cas had become part human at the same time that Dean had become part angel.  Was Cas quietly suffering through his own changes while helping out Dean?  Dean felt like an idiot for not asking before, but this wasn't a good time for that conversation.
Dean then noticed that Cas was still out cold.  That scared him.  There weren’t many things that could hurt an angel, and the fact that these demons had found a new weapon against angels was terrifying.  On the other hand, Balthazar was very awake, and looking rather bored.
Dean awoke to Cas preening his feathers.  His first thought was to just pretend to keep sleeping so that he could bask in the feeling a bit longer.  Unfortunately, he had a tendency to regain alertness quickly to access where he was and what was going on – too many years of ingrained hunter instincts – and that reminded Dean that they had an important job to do.  With a sigh he reluctantly opened his eyes.  There was a soft light coming through the curtains, so it was probably about dawn.  Sam was doing stuff on his laptop, and Cas was sitting on the bed next to him.
<Make out…> Dean started to sign, but then Dean's breath hitched as Cas stepped into his personal space and gently took Dean's hands.  Cas KNEW that he shouldn't be doing this.  He could sense the way Dean's heart was hammering from their close proximity.  Cas was still very confused by just how close Dean considered to be “personal space” since Dean didn't appear to be consistent in what he considered to be uncomfortable.  One day Dean would complain about Cas invading his “personal space,” and the next Dean would initiate getting even closer than they had been the day before.  It was all very baffling.  However, Cas was quite certain that he was too close to Dean right now.  But regardless of Dean's reaction to their closeness, Cas was determined to get the lesson across.  He couldn't stand the idea of Dean, even unintentionally, asking Eileen to make out.
Dean slept most of the next few days, which was just as well because it was a convenient way for Cas to spend time healing Dean.  Sam spent most of that time trying to do research at the local Hot Springs library, but didn’t come up with any usable leads.  After Dean started feeling a bit better, Cas ended up flying Dean back to the Bunker, while Sam drove the Impala.  Normally Dean would have protested, but he was still a lot more wiped out than he was trying to let on, and he knew that he wasn’t really in good shape to be driving yet.  He’d have to make it up to his Baby later.
“Because I found an angel feather they left behind.  I didn’t realize it was an angel feather at first or I would have said something sooner.  I thought it was some sort of a bird feather . . .,” Sam explained.  Cas narrowed his eyes at this, possibly feeling insulted that angel feathers could so easily be mistaken for bird feathers.  Dean was no expert on bird feathers, but he was a little more sympathetic to Sam since Sam couldn’t see the angelic energy that surrounded angel feathers.
“Right,” Balthazar replied, not really sounding convinced.  “A Winchester who is part-angel – Father help us all.”  With that, Balthazar popped out.
<I’m very horny. Do you want to make out?> Dean signed.  Cas tried to suppress his reactions to Dean’s words and focus on what Dean had actually meant.
"So, uh, seen anything in the lore about angels?" Dean asked, trying not to think about all of the empty liquor bottles lying all over the house. Bobby had clearly taken Dean's death very hard too.
"Yes – there is a difficult-to-detect sedative in his system.  He'd be in a coma by now if not for the part of my Grace that he imbibed," Cas reported.  Two fingers touched Dean's forehead, warmth flooded through his body, and Dean's mind was suddenly completely clear.  Unfortunately his stomach was now also painfully empty.  He'd lost all of his precious pie after all.
Dean could still see Cas’ face, drenched in heart break. Dean had been so harsh to him, all because of the hate he had for himself. He wished he could take words back, get another chance. He would pull him close and never let go. With a shaky hand, Dean reached into his pocket, pulling out a small photo.
“Cas please, quiet down. I, I can explain” Dean tried to settle Cas which seemed to act like gasoline on a fire.
Dean still stood on the other side of his door, staring down at the handle. A piece of him wanted Cas to come out looking for him. He wanted Cas to say he knew Dean’s words were lies, that what they had was real. The handle didn’t move, and Cas didn’t chase him down. Eventually Dean retreated to the kitchen. Defeated, Dean grabbed a bottle from the pantry.
A hint of curiosity appeared on Dean’s face, no, maybe it was excitement? Cas almost smiled but his face soon fell back into frustrated confusion.
Unsure of who to approach, Adam stepped inside wearing a semi-awkward expression. A bittersweet smile sat on Sam’s face.
“Dean” Cas said, seemingly appearing behind Dean “What is taking so long?” Cas’ words slurred together, obviously feeling the effects of the alcohol. Dean took a small step away from Cas, putting a clear space between them. Roy didn’t seem fazed by Cas’ presence, which sent Dean into a deeper panic. Cas quickly noticed Roy’s presence, and sensed how tense Dean was. Roy’s eyes scanned Cas with a clear distain.
“No, why would I? It was just one his hunter friends.” Cas said, confused on where Claire was going with her questions.
“When will I be enough for you Dean?” Cas muttered “When will you stop introducing me as your ‘work friend’?” Cas finally looked up at Dean, staring directly into his eyes with hurt.
“Did he tell you what the party is for?” Dean asked, “He wouldn’t give me a straight answer, he just kept saying inspirational quotes that sounded like they were straight out of a 9am suburban mom’s talk show.”
“I don’t owe you anything.” Dean hissed “You aren’t my ‘boyfriend’” Dean mocked “Stop convincing yourself that you are. This” Dean motioned between the two of them “It was a mistake. That’s it.” Before Cas could even respond to Dean’s attack, Dean left his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
“That wasn’t his friend Cas, that was one of John’s friends” Claire explained. She watched as the weight of her sentence fell over Cas.
Cas smiled and finished off the rest of his flask. He wondered if Dean wanted a real answer to that question, but decided it was most likely a rhetorical question.
“Well, no.. you don’t actually get to decide. Your soul does that on its own as you are born. Most likely your faces will stay the same.”
“Oh trust me, he’s got a high tolerance” Dean laughed, “And I’ll take” Dean paused, he was going to order whiskey but he spotted someone else’s drink from across the bar “What’s that?”
“How are we going to spend our last day of our first real vacation Cas?” Dean asked, his voice was low and grumbly, clear evidence that he was still half asleep. Cas was slightly propped up with the pillow, admiring Dean.
Dean’s fist paused midair, frozen by his realization. His eyes quickly filled with tears, spilling over the edge down his red-hot cheeks. He choked down a sob before breaking down. His legs felt weak beneath him as his painful sobs broke out of his chest. Falling to the ground, Dean let himself go.
“What don’t you understand?” Jack replied “You could live again. Simple.” Jack innocently stared back at Dean and Cas, blowing a large bubble with his bright pink bubble gum. Letting out a deep sigh, Dean rolled his eyes obnoxiously; Jack’s explanation clearly did not produce any clarity for Dean, nor did it for Cas. Dean’s last bit of patience drained from him as he rubbed his forehead in frustration.
Roy had been gone for nearly five minutes before Dean dared to stand up from the ground. The start of tears built up in Dean’s eyes, but he shook his head, refusing to let himself feel the effects of what had just happened.
“To be honest I thought you guys were together this whole time, I mean the eye contact, the excessive touching, the sound of your voices when the other one is hurt. Its all-pretty homo erotic if I have a say” Claire said. There was a hint of a laugh in her voice but she attempted to stay sympathetic. Cas turned his face to her tilting his head slightly and squinting. “So what made him flip out? I mean you said it was a perfect get away vacay, what changed?” Claire asked from across the couch.
Watching his eclectic, strange, confusing and let’s be honest, unexpected family, Dean scanned the room. Claire was passed out, lying with her head resting in Kaia’s lap. Benny and Crowley were in a jokingly angry debate at the bar over which scotch was in fact the superior. Making sure to catch everyone on camera, Sam and Eileen bounced around the bar letting out childish giggles as they captured embarrassing photos.
Before Cas could even process what he was doing, he was at Dean’s side pulling his lips onto his own. Dean quickly leaned in; eyes closed and face relaxed. Cas slowly rubbed his thumb across Dean’s cheekbone and back into his hairline. Each muscle throughout Dean’s body fell weak as Cas held him tight. Cas swore to himself there was no object in universe as soft and sweet as Dean’s lips, and he had the privilege to be here, kissing him, despite everyone and everything that tried to get in the way over the years.
Dean practically ran to the Impala, terrified that something had happened to Cas. As he rounded the corner, he saw Cas angrily leaned against the Impala. His arms were crossed and his head was lowered.
Dean reached out a hand blocking the two from getting any closer to each other “He’s just a work friend” Dean said to Roy “He’s on our side.” Cas no longer felt angry towards Roy. Cas stared at Dean with pain in his eyes.
Dean turned his head waiting for more from Jack. For once, Jack recognized Dean’s facial expression and understood how utterly lost Dean was.
Cas took a brief moment just to look at Dean. His face was lit up with joy and excitement in a way that Cas had only seen a handful of times. The childlike nature in Dean’s bright green eyes was all Cas could see in a room full of people.
“Okay. Alright.” Dean said in a soothing tone as he picked up on the desperate loneliness in Meg’s grip. Each of Meg’s hugs went on much longer than any of them expected. Awkwardly accepting her hug, Sam patted her shoulder with caution. With all of her greeting hugs complete Meg stood silently beside them, unsure of the what to say. Eileen, watched awkwardly considering how she would begin to ask for an explanation on the identity of this very forward woman.
Sam’s mouth fell open slightly with eyes wide, every drop of blood rushed out of his face. “Uhm” Sliding a heavy hand down his face, Sam struggled to distract them. “You know uh party preparation that’s all”
Dean took a moment to contain himself before heading for his bedroom. He knew Cas was mad but a piece of him hoped Cas would still talk to him so he could sleep. Dean knew with everything on his mind, he would not fall asleep on his own. He needed Cas there. Dean opened his bedroom door expecting to see Cas listening to music or fluffing pillows. Instead, he was met with Cas collecting stuff from around the room. He held a singular pillow, a beat-up CD player, a stack of CD’s and his robe.
“Uhm yes.. yes” Cas paused slightly, clearly coming up with a lie to prevent her from questioning further “I’m just… passing through” Jody held open the door and motioned Cas further into the house, closing the door behind him.
Dean and Cas spent their final day of vacation dragging each other around to see their polar opposite interests. They took turns of course, Dean wanted to see The Old Cow Town, with everything cowboys. However, Cas wanted to go see the Botanica, The Wichita Gardens. Dean was hesitant at first but ended up loving the garden more than Cas did. They found a nice bench beside a bush of magenta azaleas. Dean would never tell anyone this, but those were in fact his favorite flower. The two of them sat for a moment in silence. Not awkward silence or tense silence, but peaceful silence. A small bumble bee circled Cas for a moment before landing on his shoulder. Dean tensed up; his first reaction was to swat it away from him.
With his jaw dropped, Dean was the first to rush for a hug from Crowley. Slightly shocked by the gesture, Crowley struggled to accept the kindness.
Dean swiftly grabbed Cas’ left hand and held it up to display his wedding ring. Cas’ ring was silver with a stripe of blue sapphire down the middle. Then displaying his own, Dean held his hand out showing his gold band with emerald down the middle.
“Just roll out of bed, son?” Ellen laughed as she set a stack of plates on the counter. Cas squinted, not understanding her question. “Your hair. Dead giveaway.”
“Yes, I am. This is just a beautiful table.” Cas said, smiling peacefully as he sat in his chair. Claire and Jody exchanged confused expressions as they both knew the table was not in the best shape. Cas looked down to his plate, where a pile of French fries sat along side a homemade burger. Without thinking twice Cas began eating, confusing Jody and Claire further. The two of them sat silently for a moment, watching Cas like he was an alien.
“Really Dean?” Claire laughed “You do remember we’re dead right? What’s gonna happen? Am I going to get cancer? And die? Again?” With a deep breath Claire pulled in more smoke while rolling her eyes away from Dean. Never having thought of that, he processed her response, slowly.
“Ah, that’s where you’re lost, there are no demons in heaven.” Crowley responded with a raise of his eyebrows and a sideways smile. Meg nodded her head in agreement; the rest of the group utterly lost.
It had been three days since Cas left the bunker when he found himself by a large flowing river. The rain had just stopped a few hours prior, filling the river up to the very edge. There was a large fallen tree on the edge of the river. Cas sat on it carelessly ignoring the coat of mud attached to the bark. The sky was grey with overcast and a slight breeze was pushing through the humid air. Cas watched as the dark clouds floated away in the distance. They slowly revealed a baby blue sky. A hazy fragmented rainbow sat over the horizon of the river. Cas took in its beauty. Before he knew it, he had spent more than three hours watching the river.
Dean quickly rolled his eyes and reached out his hands to Cas’ tie. He began readjusting it, as it always seemed to be lopsided. “What can I say, I guess I know how to treat a man” Dean gently laid his tie in place, leaving his hand there for an extra moment. “Drinks?”
Having expected his arrival for nearly 45 minutes, everyone quickly shifted their attention his way. Most moved seats or crossed the room to hear what Jack had to say.
With all hands-on deck, they managed to finish preparations early.  Claire and Kaia settled at the end of the bar; Claire with a double shot of whiskey, Kaia slowly sipping a long island iced tea. Jody and Donna clumsily stumbled around the empty dance floor, desperately attempting to learn some sort of line dance. As soon as Ash finished the food prep work, he quickly resumed rapidly typing on his laptop in the corner booth. Despite everything being ready, Ellen anxiously wandered the Roadhouse, searching for something to fix or prepare. Patience and Alex stood beside a wobbly dining table in a frivolous argument that Dean couldn’t make out.
“What? You don’t want Sam to hear us?” Cas asked, tilting his head, daring Dean to confirm that he didn’t want Sam to hear them.
Dean sat mindlessly downing drink after drink at the kitchen table. Nearly half an hour had passed when he heard movement in the bunker. Dean walked out to the main room just as Cas was walking up the staircase.
Dean could still taste the mix of dirt and blood from being thrown on the ground. It was bitter and unsettling. Dean cupped his hands under the faucet and filled his mouth with clean water before rinsing his face. Dean lowered his head, holding his cheeks with both hands. Any attempt at self-soothing failed. His hands rapidly shook as he lowered them from his face. He couldn’t bare to look back up into the mirror.
Cas nodded, lowering his head in thought. Jody sat and watched as the impact of her statement fell over Cas.
“It’s not my place to tell you everything, but there are reasons Dean is scared to be himself. He needs to heal, Cas.” Jody tried to be as gentle as possible but Cas still looked very distressed.
Flashes of John’s face is all Dean could see. He could hear his father’s shouting insults. Dean could feel each healed bruise John had left him years in the past. Dean had always blamed himself. He thought if he had done better, listened better, worked harder, then John wouldn’t have treated him that way. But Dean finally let go, in this moment he saw the truth. John had done him wrong. Dean was a kid. Just a kid.
“But don’t you feel like you can relate to the film, maybe that makes it more upsetting when it doesn’t end well” Jody explained.
Jody nodded, slightly confused but too tired to ask for an explanation. She headed for the kitchen as Cas stared intently at the TV. She stopped in the doorway and glanced back towards the couch.
Cas stood, alone, holding his belongings in his arms. Frozen in place, wishing Dean would rush back into the room. That he would apologize, he would run into Cas’ arms and profess his love. But the door remained closed, Dean wasn’t going to come back and he certainly wasn’t going to apologize.
“Okay… okay Jack” Cas finally cut him off there, Jack could’ve gone on forever, and in their case, forever, meant forever. “I think Dean and I need some time to talk this over.”
“Care to share with the group here bud? You see what?” Dean asked, quickly growing impatient with Jack.
“Dean. Winchester.” Roy growled into his ear, pushing his gun harder against Dean’s neck. “If John could see you now”
Hours had passed and Dean still sat alone at the kitchen table. He had tried everything to try and track Cas without letting anyone know that he had ran off. Cas’ phone was shut off and the GPS signal from the tracker on his car went out. Dean thought Cas didn’t know about the tracker but the more he thought about it, he realized Cas knew about the tracker and had kept it there for Dean. Dean sat with his face resting in his palms. A weight on his shoulders made it too difficult to stay awake, but guilt jerked him awake every time he thought he was going to get sleep. He was half unconscious on the table when his phone’s loud ringtone made him shoot up.
Cas’ face quickly relaxed as Dean’s words flowed into his ears like music. In his heart, Dean was a romantic, all poetry and sappy chic flic moments, he may not show that side to everyone, but Cas could see it. While Cas was lost in thought over Dean’s affectionate speech, Dean grabbed Cas’ face with force, pulling him into another kiss. This one tasted less sweet; no less enjoyable. The sweetness was replaced with full-bodied desire. Cas was taken back by the force in Dean’s kiss. Dean wouldn’t want most people to know this, but between the two of them, Cas was usually the one to take control in these…
Rowena was directly beside Benny, her arms out stretched as to announce her arrival. Overdressed per usual, she wore an over-the-top royal red gown, tightly fitted. Her extravagant entrance did not go unnoticed.
Just as Dean was about to leave the booth to join the others at the bar, Sam appeared by him, swiftly sitting across from him at the table.
“You hear me boy?!” Roy shouted directly into Dean’s ear. Roy let out a small evil laugh, finding Dean’s fear entertaining. He lowered his voice and moved in closer to Dean’s ear “You think I didn’t see you two? I saw you; I saw all of it Dean, and John would want me to do something about that. Where did he go wrong for you to end up like this?”
“Jack, neither of us understand what you’re saying.” Cas said through a sigh, “Could you clarify for us?”
Thoroughly impressed, slightly embarrassed, Dean nodded his head in approval. Not wanting to appear as a lightweight, Dean cut a slice just barely smaller than Charlie’s and choked it down.
With a shrug, Cas inhaled the brownie, leaving chocolate around the edges of his mouth. Showing his empty hands, Cas signaled he had eaten the entire serving. Noticing the chocolate smeared on Cas’ face, Dean quietly laughed. Licking his thumb, Dean reached out wiping the chocolate from his lip and licking the excess off his finger. Cas, quickly blushing, shifted his posture and nodded his head down. Sam stood wide eyed, clearly uncomfortable and coughed to cover the silence.
The sound of drunken laughs, heavy footsteps and a blaring stereo bounced around the bar. The combination of sweat, cheap cigarette smoke, fried food and musty wood filled the air. In reality the smell wasn’t pleasant, but no one was sober enough to be bothered.
“Can you believe it Cas?” Dean responded in a near whisper, his voice was overflowing with astonishment, “We’re really here” Dean grasped Cas’ hand into his and held tightly “Together I mean. You heard the kid, the whole universe was against us, and despite it all, we made it happen. Nothing could change that. You’re all I need Cas.”
“Good Morning, Dean” Cas said softly, trying not to wake Dean too quickly. Over the years, Cas learned there were a few ways to wake Dean without him pulling a weapon on you. The easiest one was to talk to him, very quietly. This also helped Dean fall asleep on occasion. Cas would tell Dean stories of heaven from when he was a soldier. He would describe to him what the first flower looked like, the first sunset and the first storm. Most people would find it awkward to talk to someone who was asleep, Cas didn’t. All Cas cared about was making sure he woke up peacefully. He would never run out stories to tell Dean, after all he had been alive for eons.
Dean’s hands couldn’t stop themselves as they pushed Cas’ trench coat off his shoulders and onto the stained counter top below him. There were so many things they could, or should be thinking about but here, now, they both enjoyed the moment mindlessly, and eternally breathless. In one swift motion, Cas swung his leg behind Dean, pulling his hips in close and burying his lips back into Dean’s.
Dean pressed on the bridge of his nose while considering how to answer this without starting a conversation he desperately wanted to avoid.
“That kid was saying something but he was talking so damn fast. I just nodded my head but I didn’t catch a word he said” Claire responded, which in turn elicited a dramatic eye roll from Dean.
At first not visible from her spot in the middle of the crowd, Meg stepped out into the middle with a smirk. Wasting no time, Meg made her way to the boys. Even if she did knock over a glass on her way over; shattering it on the ground, her reckless charge had only good intentions. Within moments her arms were thrown around Cas’ neck, pulling him into an emotionally charged hug. Returning the hug, Cas smiled softly while Dean rolled his eyes away from them in jealousy. This did not go unnoticed by Meg of course, who turned her attention to Dean.
“You’re right,” Jody started “We all deserve a happy ending.” She leaned her head slightly hoping Cas would understand what she meant.
“I like the way you think.” Dean said “How did my brother end up with a girl like you again? Between us, you could do better.” Dean shrugged, acting completely oblivious to Sam standing behind her. Sam scoffed, rolling his eyes at his brother’s comment.
On day two of being alone, Dean considered going to the bar for a moment, only to remember what happened last time he was at a bar. He knew he would only think about Cas if he went back to the same bar. He came to the decision to just run to the liquor store, grabbing 2 more bottles that he didn’t need. The man behind him in line wore a tan trench coat. Dean was aware he stared at him for just a moment too long. After seeing the man in the trench coat all Dean could think about was where Cas had run too.
Cas was quickly finished his food. He leaned back in his chair slightly, his hands sitting on either side of his plate. He felt at home, warm, at peace. Well, almost. There was only one thing missing.
“No, no, you stay with Eileen. Enjoy your time.” Dean replied. A part of him wanted Sam to come back to the bunker. He hated the cold loneliness that was hanging in the air around him. At the same time Dean didn’t think he could handle facing Sam right now. The loneliness felt easier and safer than being vulnerable.
Faces lit up across the room; half of the guests jumped up from their seat. Sam stood arm around Eileen, taking in the moment. A blizzard of emotions overtaking him, Dean froze in place. Unlike the other two, Cas didn’t feel complicated emotions here. It felt clear. Simple. Happy. A gentle smile grew across Cas’ face as the long-missed family members faces’ came into focus;
“It’s a surprise.” Dean said softly, he motioned for Cas to take a step back while he finished selecting the song. Moments later, Cas heard the start of a very familiar song.
