“How long have you two been together?” Hugh asked.
“Undoubtedly,” said Sherlock.
to peel my layers gradually
the two of you had been.”
Then Sherlock would interrupt John’s thoughts with a string of well-articulated insults aimed at nobody in particular and John reminded himself that attempts to understand Sherlock’s inner processes were futile at best.
“I missed you,” Sherlock said. He tucked his knees behind John’s, his chest pressed to John’s back. The mattress creaked. “Your insistence on sleep is proving once again to be a barrier for our quality time.”
It went on like this for a bit. John shifted where he stood, wishing that he’d been able to get into the shower before they started on this particular investigation; he was beginning to feel a bit itchy. He thought of his tea, sitting untouched in the kitchen, over-steeped and ruined. Even Sherlock seemed to be losing hope in the endeavor. John was just about to suggest that they give up when Fitz burst forth with energy, planting himself just above a floorboard in front of the door and scratching at it with all his might. He yipped and barked, his tail flying through the air.
John’s mouth tightened. “I remember,” he said, stepping his other leg into his trousers and straightening.
“I suppose it’s been a year, now hasn’t it?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
I can be many things,
“Indeed,” he says.
“This isn’t a game,” Sherlock said. He ran just the tips of his fingers along John’s shaft, the lightest of touches.
You could stay tonight, you know. There’s a woman at a table with two friends who has been edged out of the conversation. She’s looking sullen and would easily jump for a bit of attention to give her a cheaply-bought sense of worth. There’s a bloke across the room who keeps touching his obviously-straight friend’s arm a little
Sherlock nodded at the nightstand, where John’s own mobile rested. “You got a text.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said as he lowered John’s hand back to his hip, “one can always take advantage of one’s hands. A properly-placed hand on the cheek,” Sherlock demonstrated, placing his hand on John’s face, “can mask the mouth quite efficiently.”
The waiter walked by and Sherlock grabbed John’s hand, staring at him in a way that could only be described as
. And the truth, Mary.” He shook his head. “I’m sick to death of all your bloody lies.”
Sherlock shifted again in his seat. Everything hurt. The movement, predictably, sent another stab of pain through his chest and he winced again, this time sucking in air and grabbing at the spot of bandage covering the bullet-sized wound in his chest.
John forced a smile—a practiced response. John’s role in the saving of the city was relatively small compared to Sherlock’s—just like he perceived his role in many of Sherlock’s cases to be. Sherlock certainly didn’t need John around to save the city or to solve any number of his crimes—the times in which John felt he actually contributed something meaningful to Sherlock’s work was dwarfed in comparison to the times when he barely knew what had happened long after the case was solved. John could feel the old anger trying to dig itself out at the notion. The mention of the city he apparently helped save only reminded John how arbitrary Sherlock’s return to London even was. If there hadn’t been a terrorist threat on the city, would Sherlock have even returned? Or would he have stayed dead forever, having the loveliest of times while John stumbled through life feeling inexplicably homeless, hollow?
“If the answer to the Monty Hall problem hinges on the intentions of a game show host,” Sherlock said, “then the answer is tenuous at best.”
Mary was rather more courageous with the eye contact, although it seemed to take quite a bit of effort. “Would you like me to offer it again?” she asked.
“So,” John said. “Do you think that the Taibhse Brothers murdered Declan, then? Decided he wasn’t to be trusted as a fellow ghost anymore?”
John pressed his eyes closed. “Maybe I’ll strangle Mycroft,” he said. “That would feel nice too.”
Sherlock, as it turned out, was prepared to keep John well-informed on his day. Sherlock texted John once more about Lucy’s various activities on the boat, which John received while he was locating tools in the storage shed, preparing to repair the damage that Sherlock had wrought on the upstairs floors the day before. Sherlock texted John when Darren’s boat docked in the marina, which John received as he balanced on the exposed beams and surveyed the wreckage of the upstairs bedroom, wondering where best to start with his repairs. Sherlock texted John when they arrived at the veterinarian’s office, which John received as he hammered another board back onto the floor, hoping that the O’Sullivans wouldn’t notice or mind the multiple scratches along the sides of the boards from Sherlock’s less-than-surgical work with the crowbar. Sherlock texted John while he waited for Lucy to be seen by the veterinarian, which John received as he leaned back against the wall, taking a break to wipe some of the sweat and grime off his face. And, of course, Sherlock texted John when Lucy was taken back for her surgery, which John received just as he set back to work. Each text sent what was likely the dopiest grin he had ever grinned across his face, which didn’t do much for John’s appraisal of his own sanity.
“Um,” Molly said, still moving sharp objects away from the two of them.
” Sherlock said. “Perhaps you’d have longer to chat with your girlfriend if you hadn’t taken so much time in the bath.”
There is something delicious to listening and waiting,
“See?” John whispered. His eyes were closed. He was grinning.
—your scar. It’s an on-and-off of sensations, a mix of warm and nothing and wet and tingling, and nobody, not a single person has ever done this before. Most people go out of their way to avoid even touching it. The last person who saw it, you had to fuck her from behind so she would stop looking at the thing with that terrible expression on her face. And now his mouth is on it like he’s trying to make it a part of himself too.
Sherlock made another little groaning noise that didn’t seem to mean much of anything at all. Breathing was a bit of a challenge with his face slammed into the mattress. He twisted himself onto his back. The room spun some more. He did something like shaking his head that might have been more convincing if his neck was working properly.
He tugs a banknote and a pen from his pocket and scribbles something onto the corner of the note. He walks over to the homeless woman and slips the note into her dog’s bandana. “For food,” he says. Then he walks onward.
Parted with handshakes instead.
“All day, then?” John checked his watch. It was half-two in the afternoon. He did the math. He grimaced.
In Afghanistan, people saw you. They noticed. They bloody listened. Of course they did, because you were the one telling them if the wound was fatal, if the leg was salvageable, if they would go home in a splint or a body-bag. You were Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and people bloody took notice.
“Let’s say,” Sherlock whispered, “as a thought experiment, that you and I were behind one of three doors.”
,” Sherlock said. “And I would argue that the dissimilarities between the actual show and your little maths problem render the problem itself meaningless.”
“Articulate as always,” Sherlock said, but he also seemed to be a bit awed by the island, as much as Sherlock Holmes was awed by anything.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John said.
Before he could do anything, Angelo was back, somehow managing to balance a candle, a glass of wine, and a plate of pasta in his arms. He set everything in front of John with a flourish.
John felt his whole body throb. “
John did his best to incorporate this new information into his brain. It seemed as if he had learned more about Sherlock’s romantic history in the past twenty-four hours than he had in the three years he had known the man. “How long has it been?” John asked. “Since the last time you were in a relationship? A real one, I mean.” He nodded at their joined hands.
Sherlock blinked. “You’re wrong,” he said.
In retrospect, he never should have fallen for Sherlock’s half-arsed ruse that Mrs. Hudson had been shot. He could have seen through that in an instant, if he had only been looking. He never should have left Sherlock’s side. And he certainly shouldn’t have said all those terrible things to him, called him a
Unfortunately, there was a thing or two that John knew he needed to do first, some matters he needed to square away. It would be difficult, he knew, but it was the right thing to do. It was only fair.
“The sound moves forward in your mouth,” Sherlock said. “You’re too British, speaking from the wide space in the back of your mouth. In an Irish accent, everything you say should be small, placed just at the front of your mouth.”
John’s face was close to his. His clear eyes bore into Sherlock’s, which may or may not have been open. “Am I?” he asked.
John grinned, his lips barely managing the effort. “You’re calling me a gift, then?”
John blinked.
Gilly texted him twenty-four times. He ignored all of them.
“Good,” he said, ignoring the fact that he and Sherlock had done a bit of cuddling the night before and Sherlock walked in on him masturbating no more than ten minutes ago. It didn’t seem like any of that information would make Gilly very happy. “It’s nice. Picturesque.”
. His throat moved, and it felt as though he were gargling knives. “So yeah. Your death hurt me. A lot.”
“Yes,” John breathed, and all thirty muscles of his hand fit together to flex and twist and squeeze and stroke Sherlock’s cock with fervor and it was another cataclysmic event, a life-ender. Everything dropped down to zero again and the world went black and light blotted out and for a moment there may have been another mass extinction, a reversion into nothingness. Then Sherlock blinked back into existence and he was thrashing on the sofa, arms wrapped around John and thrusting into his hand, head tipped to the heavens and
“I don’t have a serial killer smile,” Sherlock said, but his eyes dropped.
“You think he was involved in crime before he died?” John asked.
long.”
John did his best to keep his laughter quiet. There was, after all, a child on the boat. “This coming from the man,” he whispered, “who had no problem shagging on a patch of muddy grass just inside some ruins the other night.”
Sherlock drifted, floating in and out of sleep for the remainder of the evening and into the night. John stayed close by, trying to check his breathing as surreptitiously as possible and asking Sherlock asinine questions whenever he woke up, like what day it was or what one-hundred minus seven was or what bloody city they were in. Sherlock’s ability to suffer the questions was largely dependent on the effectiveness of the paracetamol.
Sherlock let out a string of profanity that had even John lifting an eyebrow.
“I’ve got bits and pieces,” John said, tapping his fingers against his head as if trying to dislodge something. “I keep seeing...a wall.” He looked to Sherlock for confirmation.
Mary looked like hell, although John supposed he wasn’t looking like the best version of himself either. Her eyes were heavy and weary, bearing the weight of too many nights with not enough sleep. Her skin was pale and lines stood out on her face; she looked older, haggard. It had only been a week, but John thought she might have lost weight, her clothes seeming to hang off her body more than usual. She had cut her hair short—likely to fit easier into an endless supply of wigs—and it clung to her scalp, only accentuating her skeletal shape. Despite her appearance, she had a sharpness to her, an edge that threatened to draw blood if handled incorrectly. John considered that this must be what Mary looked like during her past life—alert, sharp, dangerous.
With that, John left the little house, closing the door behind him.
“And look,” John said, pointing to several other posts. “More prominent mathematicians. In agreement with
“You don’t have to shield me from anything about you, Sherlock,” John said. “I can take it.”
“You…” John’s memory was starting to piece itself back together. He remembered the boat, being tied up on the floor. He remembered the Taibhses and their guns, threatening Sherlock. Demanding the flash drive. They were going to kill Sherlock, John remembered. They were going to kill the both of them. “The Taibhses...”
“It’s always here,” Sherlock said. “Nothing will take it, save for the sea.”
The barking—loud and shrill—was coming from down in the ruins somewhere. The dilapidated stone buildings were black, shrouded in darkness along the paths. John hadn’t stopped to grab a head-lamp, but the night was clear and the moon cast just enough light for John to see the way in front of him. Sherlock looked like some sort of ghost in the distance—slender and pale and waving light around in all directions. John tried to call out to Sherlock again. He urged his legs to go faster, but his feet were already slipping across the ground and his pants were doing little in the way of support. He had no idea how Sherlock was managing to move so quickly.
“Everybody lies,” Sherlock said.
“No,” John said. “Don’t.”
organs left in this body.”
“I am,” Sherlock replied.
John ran a hand down Sherlock’s back, along his arse. “I’m focusing.”
“You know it?” The woman seemed overjoyed.
“‘Course you have,” said John. He tugged the suture thread through the little holes the needle made in Sherlock’s skin as slowly and gently as he could, creating enough excess to cover the whole of the wound.
When John looked up from the boxes, Sherlock was staring at him. John raised an eyebrow.
John straightened. His head swam. He stumbled forward. He needed to leave, needed to get away from walls, apparently. Walls were no good, especially brick walls. As it turned out, there were brick walls everywhere in this bloody city. John wondered when that happened.
and my very flesh will break apart
More clicking. Sherlock could sense the little gears in John’s head working, trying to find a case to which Sherlock might not object. His brain seemed to be even more sluggish than Sherlock’s at the moment. Then the clicking stopped. Sherlock could hear John’s grin. “I’ve got one,” he said. “
“Noted,” John said. He stood, beginning to clear up the plates.
The bookshelves were always a bit of a cluttered mess, books and papers and bric-a-brac poking out at odd angles, neither Sherlock nor John ever caring enough to straighten or organize or clean. It was hard to tell if something was out of place because it seemed as if everything was out of place. In the end, it was the cobwebs that tipped John off. The cobwebs were everywhere on the bookshelf, dangling from the edges of books and in between the thick wooden shelves, except for one spot where they appeared to have been swiftly broken. Just past that spot was a piece of paper—a garish pink—resting gently atop a few thick medical texts, too crisp and bright to have been sitting there for over a year.
“I’d think of all the things I want you to do to mine,” he growled.
Sherlock’s eyebrow raised. “Tonight has been a bit strange, hasn’t it?”
“Sherlock,” John said. “I have an actual girlfriend.”
“Sherlock,” he said. “I think we need to talk.” He was still holding the bloody wine, for no reason other than giving him something to do with his hands.
“Once we have the flash drive in our hands, we’ll let him go,” the man said. “And not a second sooner. And if you try anything clever, I’ll start putting holes in his body. Holes in places where there shouldn’t be holes. Understood?”
John tightened his arms around Sherlock. “And I love you.”
For John’s part, he spent the drive reeling, trying to make sense of the events of the night. Bits of adrenaline from apprehending a supposed-murderer still floated around in his system, and he tapped his fingers against his legs with an anxious energy until Sherlock told him if he didn’t stop Sherlock would toss him from the car. John wasn’t sure if Sherlock’s doubts about Hugh’s guilt had any merit—Hugh certainly seemed guilty, and he certainly had no reason to be outside their window at ten o’clock at night. However, Sherlock very annoyingly tended to be right about most things. If he was right about this as well, that meant that there was still a serial killer on the loose somewhere. John did not particularly care for that idea.
Sherlock swallowed once and then his face dissolved into blankness again. He released John’s arms. “What you did,” he said, “was stupid.” He moved back towards the house. His coat slipped from John’s fingers.
“Isn’t it soon?” he asked. They had only been together a few months. But then, he agreed to move in with Sherlock after knowing him for only a day. In comparison, this seemed a snail’s pace. That said, Mary was no Sherlock.
“Skip to the good part,” Sherlock said.
John smiled, and a little flicker of pain nudged at him. He dropped his eyes from the sky. “That was the night you knocked the limp out of me,” he said. “My bloody therapist couldn’t do that in four months, and you did it in one night.”
“I would never ask you to, John,” Sherlock said, because of course he wouldn’t. That wasn’t his way. However, John thought, it didn’t mean that he shouldn’t have at least tried.
There was a pause, and for a moment John wondered if Sherlock fell asleep.
“I don’t…”
“Shit,” Mary wrinkled her nose. “I was hoping to figure out who he was. Who he might be working for.” She shook her head. “How the hell are all you people finding me?”
Breathing still hurt a bit, but John figured that there were a few different contributions to that difficulty at the moment. “No,” he said. “I’m fine.”
Sherlock moved his mouth to John’s jaw, his neck. He had so much of John to taste.
They didn’t find Mary in Riga either.
of upsetting my boyfriend so,” he murmured. “Not when he promised to prove himself to me in front of the fire.”
Mary looked away.
It was alright in the end because, if he was being honest with himself, this wasn’t a half-bad way to go. Off on some adventure. Trying to save the city, do something worthwhile for a change. With Sherlock. That last bit seemed particularly important. John figured that if he could pick a way to die, any way to die at all, he would say it didn’t really matter, so long as it was by Sherlock’s side. In that sense, John figured that being blown to bits by a bomb today was the perfect way to die. He closed his eyes.
“Wait for him.”
“Right,” Sherlock said. He darted out of the room to fetch them.
“Every day I was gone,” Sherlock said, “I thought of you. I wondered about you. I pictured you. I talked to you. Every day, John. Every single day.”
It’s two in the afternoon.
“Not sure that’s quite true,” John said. But he didn’t stop.
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and lowered John off of him. Both their legs, it would seem, were a bit unsteady. John pulled at the lapels of Sherlock’s coat, dragging his mouth back onto his in an uncoordinated kiss. John licked and bit at Sherlock’s lips as Sherlock dug through his pockets, searching for a condom. His fingers landed on the foil packet and he grinned against John’s mouth.
“How do you know all this?” John asked, although he was beginning to develop a fair guess.
The little thought sparked in John’s mind but died rapidly, a flicker of a flame trying to ignite in the rain. After all, that wasn’t ever going to happen, now was it? John felt the thought drift away from him like smoke from a dead candle, disappearing into the air forever, and suddenly he was far too tired for any of this.
“John…” Sherlock started, although he was not particularly certain how he wished to finish the sentence. He felt a pull towards John, something reflexive, involuntary. At the moment, he felt rather like he ought to be John’s shadow, following him close at his heels for the remainder of his days.
“You volunteer for those activities, John,” Sherlock said. “I’m not your keeper.”
“I know,” Sherlock said, pressing a kiss to John’s temple.
John nodded, understanding.
Sherlock swallowed. He nodded. He had absolutely no idea why his respiration rate had increased by ten percent. The sound of his zip echoed through the room at a volume seconded only by the sound of the sweep of fabric over skin. John kept his eyes on Sherlock for just a moment, and Sherlock was nearly certain he saw John’s eyes dip downward for the briefest of seconds. Then John rolled his head back towards the ceiling, pressing his eyes shut almost defiantly.
Sherlock slipped the head of his cock just inside.
Sherlock cleared his throat. He turned his back to John in a way that seemed purposeful, pretending to examine the photographs of the mutilated sheep on the wall. “A valid perspective, I suppose,” Sherlock said. His voice sounded a bit odd.
“Where did you get...?” John fell back onto the bed, remembering. “Mrs. Hudson,” he said.
“To summarize,” Sherlock said. “You wish to tell her that the two of you—three of you—are a family and families stay together. You—and I—are willing and able to keep her safe from whatever danger in which she finds herself, but she needs to return to London with you. And…” Sherlock risked a glance at John, “you miss her? Love her?”
I love you, John.
business. “That night.”
John found he could do little else but blink. He felt as if he were being sliced open again, but for a different reason this time. He did his best to speak, but little happened aside from his mouth opening and shutting.
“Right,” he said. “What do you need at Barts, then?”
God—what have you done to me, my dear?
A sadness flickered in Sherlock’s eyes. His arm twitched, and for a moment John thought Sherlock might reach out to him, might wrap an arm around him, might draw him close, might pull their mouths together once more. He didn’t. Instead, he pressed his lips into a line and nodded. Rolled over.
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. He turned, moving back along the path towards the south side of the island. John followed, the wind slapping him in the back of his head—a somewhat welcome change.
Lucy tilted her head downward. She began munching on a piece of grass.
“I did,” John said. He tilted his head towards Sherlock, his nose nudging against Sherlock’s neck. “I
mess he was cleaning up. I wasn’t the one who was being blackmailed over my job as a former assassin.”
, in the singular. However, the bedroom into which Claire led them boasted a lone double bed, made up with a neat quilt, dotted with little green and yellow flowers, tucked just over two pillows. John poked his head into the bedroom just across the hall. There was a double bed and two single beds in this one, none of which were made up. Right then. John sighed, his fingers tightening around the strap of his bag.
Sherlock ran his thumb along the stretched ridge of John’s arsehole. “So impatient,” he said.
of all things—was somehow the most terrifying thing he had ever done, why telling Sherlock what he felt for him was the thing that would ultimately send him fleeing, tail between his legs.
“Isn’t that the sort of thing for couples who are…” John searched for a proper word. He didn’t quite find one. “Serious?”
And Sherlock slipped down his body, sliding between his legs and tugging John forward until John was straddling his torso, thighs tucked under Sherlock’s armpits. John didn’t have time to react to any of it because his cock was in Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock sucking him down greedily, lips wrapped around him, taking him in as deep as he could. John made a sound that seemed to bounce from the stone walls that surrounded them and pitched forward over Sherlock, holding himself up by the elbows, pulsing his hips between Sherlock’s mouth, his fingers. Sherlock wrapped a hand around John’s hip, pulling him closer, and John tucked a palm under Sherlock’s head to support him as he moved against John faster, faster.
Sherlock studied the page, tapping his fingers against John’s leg.
“You need to know,” John said, “that even if she hadn’t. You know. Tied us up and tried to murder us. I still would have ended things with her. She wasn’t right for me.” John considered. “Turns out, she wasn’t right for me in more ways than one, but… She wasn’t the one I loved.”
specifically.”
“You’re a detective,” you say. “You solve puzzles for a living. For fun.”
“Or else the address of a social media page she keeps in secret will be anonymously forwarded to her fiancé,” Sherlock said.
“Let me help,” John said. His fingers were tight against Sherlock’s side, along his cheek. Whenever
The couple dressed as a horse declined the prize in the box, which turned out to have been jewelry. They were now being offered a choice between the money and whatever was hidden behind a curtain. The couple grasped at each other, talking in hushed tones as the crowd screamed behind them.
“We ran along these streets that night, didn’t we?” John asked. “That night we chased after the cab? We ran along these streets back to Baker Street.”
by those who deign to care.
John had his hand on his chest, trying to calm himself from the near heart attack Sherlock just caused. “Right,” he said. “I’ll be ready as soon as I finish up with—”
"What?" John asked.
John shouted back.
“Look at me,” Sherlock said, and John was terrified to open his eyes because he knew if he looked he’d be lost forever. He opened his eyes anyway and Sherlock’s bright gaze seemed to slide into him, seeping through his skin and filling him with warmth. The way Sherlock was looking at him, he had never seen that before—not from Sherlock, not from anybody.
Sherlock fiddled with some papers on the table.
“For our purposes,” Sherlock said, “yes.” His eyes remained fixed on the sky.
“You’re the center of the universe,” John said. “How could I not?” He leaned forward and caught Sherlock’s mouth in his.
John smiled. Gilly had a lovely smile, infectious. Like a cold. “Yes,” he said.
*           *           *
are.”
“Lovely,” John said. Sherlock had tried to explain his formula for calculating the probabilities of various routes Mary could have taken to John at least three times now, and John understood it less and less with each explanation. He simply decided to nod and let Sherlock do what he did best—solve puzzles.
“Christ,” John breathed. He was still a gasping, dizzy mess, barely clinging to any semblance of coherence. He felt Sherlock nod against his neck. Sherlock’s chest was flattened over John’s arm and John could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering against him. John’s heart was doing a number in his chest as well; he could practically see it through his ribs.
“I suppose I should move out,” John said, staring down onto his uneaten plate. “When we get back to London. Move straight in with Gilly.”
Something flickered across Sherlock’s face, something that looked to be quite painful. “It gave me hope,” he said. “It made me think…” He dropped his gaze to his feet, ruffling his hands through his hair. “I was being foolish. I was a fool.”
“Lying here in the dark, waiting for a serial killer to come get us,” John said. “Slit our throats. Chop off our hands. Take out our eyes. Most people would find it scary.”
a voice shouted.
Sherlock blinked. He looked a bit taken aback. “None of that was real, John,” he said. “It wasn’t my body that hit the ground. It wasn’t real blood on my head. My pulse was only temporarily stopped. It was fake, all of it.”
John said, his voice a breathy whine.
“No,” John said. “No, Sherlock.”
“Nothing to be sorry about,” John said, trying to adopt an Irish accent that—in all fairness—made him sound like a parody of a leprechaun. He could practically see Sherlock shaking his head in his mind’s eye. The boat lurched again and John’s stomach did an interesting series of flips, reminding him that it was in his best interest to get on dry land sooner rather than later. John peered out the clouded window. They did not seem to be any closer to the island.
“Certainly,” Sherlock interjected. “Nothing to stop him now from going out and hunting for the next one.” With that, he disappeared into the kitchen, his dressing gown flapping behind him.
interested.
“Certainly all human beings experience emotion to some degree,” Sherlock said to the window. “It is a biological process, after all. I, however, have learned to rise above my more biologically basic processes in order to—”
John found himself alone in the room, blinking and dazed. He could hear the faint sounds of Sherlock moving around below, opening the door and apologizing to Fitz for making him wait and rummaging through the kitchen, looking for something to feed him. John could still feel Sherlock’s lips on his and could bloody smell remnants of Sherlock on his body and the whole thing had a bit of a ghostlike quality to it, the invisible traces that lingered after a person was long gone.
“I know which sheep it is,” John said. His mouth was dry. “I know which sheep has the flash drive in it.” It was easy in the end, knowing. After all, there was only one sheep Declan had known since its birth, only one sheep Declan fed himself, only one sheep Declan gave a name—and named after his daughter, no less.
“They were going to kill you,” John said. His breath wasn’t fully back yet and his throat still stung from the water, the choking. His words were hoarse, effortful.
The larger man kicked at him again. “No,” he said. His kick, John noticed, wasn’t as rough as before. It was slower, effortful. His voice was heavy, his tongue sluggish. John glanced up at the man. The man’s eyes were dazed, and the color had drained from him. He seemed as if he could barely keep the gun poised in his hand. The wound at his shoulder was still leaking blood, the flannel soaked through. He would lose consciousness soon, John knew. And the smaller man didn’t seem to notice.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed for a moment and then he grinned, popping off John. He rushed over to his luggage, sitting just by his dresser and still packed from their holiday.
“Watch your head,” Sherlock whispered against him.
John gave a little chuckle. He shook his head. “Right on schedule,” he said.
A crash. Just outside.
Sherlock said nothing, but the tiny smile remained.
“Yeah,” John said. “Worked, though.”
happy, John thought of saying. Sherlock’s mere presence, just the simple fact that Sherlock was in his life, was enough to make John happier than he thought possible. It wasn’t necessary for Sherlock to do any of this—threaten bridesmaids or talk down shop owners or plan the entirety of John’s wedding—because all Sherlock needed to do to make John happy was to just be
In the final moments before the bomb in the tube compartment was meant to go off—the one that bloody Sherlock brought them out to find with no backup, the one that bloody Sherlock didn’t know how to switch off—John figured that everything was alright in the end. It certainly was much earlier than he’d expected to go, but considering the bullet in Afghanistan nearly took him out years ago it would seem that everything afterwards could be considered bonus time. You can only get so much bonus time, John supposed.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open and it was 1895. Nighttime surrounded him, and the air smelled thick with dirt and flowers. An expansive window sat before him, through which he could make out a rather impressive manor flanked on all sides by large trees. All the windows were dark; the house slept.
many possessions, but I was hoping you’d be keen to unpack a few of them this time.”
“Good,” Sherlock said. He grabbed at the blankets, pulling them over his shoulders and removing his back from John’s view. John could feel his roots shriveling, receding into nothing. He took a deep breath. Another. Another. It didn’t seem to do very much.
John was calling his name, grabbing him, pulling at him. His hands were on Sherlock’s arms, along his chest, on his face. His eyes were darting across Sherlock’s body at a dizzying speed.
Sherlock pressed his body flush against John’s, shoving John into the table. He could feel John through his trousers, his cock rapidly hardening, nudging at the fabric. Sherlock ground against John and pushed him into the table with aggression and John moaned and his cock nearly leapt in his trousers and Sherlock made several very important deductions about John’s preferences.
John chuckled, shaking his head. “Good thing we have a backup,” he said.
it’s too much and the whole of you shakes and that’s what he wants, you know—you shaking and clenching and quivering on his cock. He’s breathing something into your ear and you realize it’s your name—he’s whispering your name back to you and you scream against your arm and your legs nearly go out from under you and when he pulls out you feel like something’s been taken from you, some vital organ removed without your consent. You feel his come splatter against your arsecheek, and it’s a courtesy, you suppose—an easier clean-up than having him leak out of you all night—but you can’t help wishing he hadn’t, that you could feel him warm and wet inside you. He bends down and licks his own come off your arse and Jesus
John nodded. “Like he used to do with Declan,” he said. “Act like nothing’s amiss, do his criminal business right under the tourists’ noses.”
Sherlock touched at the scratches on John’s face. “You as well, John,” he said.
A boat. He was on a boat.
“It’s silent now that you’re gone,” John said. He turned to face Barts. The street-preacher was taking a break from his sermon, but he was still standing there on the pavement, taking up the space that ought to be reserved for only Sherlock, waiting for a miracle that would never come. “I hate the bloody silence.”
“Now that you’ve got a better grasp on the context,” the man said, “here’s what we’re going to do. Just to the side of the harbor, there’s a little rock outcrop. You’re going to climb down onto it. You’re going to bring the flash drive. We’re going to bring our boat over, and you’re going to give us the flash drive. Understood?”
Sherlock was nowhere to be found.
“I do,” John said. He thrust his hips up against Sherlock’s. “God I do.”
“I don’t want you hurt,” Sherlock said, the words flying from him before he had a chance to call them back. “That is, I don’t like it. When you’re hurt.” He cleared his throat, wishing for some way to stop himself from talking. “I don’t like it.”
“We’ll have to work on that,” Sherlock said, but John couldn’t help but notice the little smile that flickered across his face as he trotted up the stairs, leaving wet footprints behind. John watched him ascend the stairs, watched the way the muscles in his arse flexed with each footstep, and considered climbing the stairs after him, pushing Sherlock back onto the bed, and continuing what they had started.
, even if all John wanted to say was
“A mistake,” Sherlock said. “Enjoyable at times, but a mistake nonetheless.”
So he didn’t think it, that screaming, exuberant thought that was pounding through his brain. He didn’t think it as he burst into the sitting room of the flat, turning on lights that crackled from disuse and coughing on the dust that drifted through the air. He didn’t think it as he tore through the kitchen, breathing in the scent of stale chemicals and abandoned fingers not binned before they started to rot. He certainly didn’t think it as he pushed down the hallway and into Sherlock’s bedroom. He didn’t breathe, let alone think. He couldn’t breathe. He was so close to breaking, held together only by the gossamer strings of the thought he was not thinking.
Funny, John thought, how he never would have known that what he felt wasn’t quite right if he didn’t know what he
John said.
So you go up onto the roof, especially after days like today—which is to say, most days. You watch the city turn to robots and watch as their arms move bits and pieces of London around and try to think of anything besides the gun. You think of your time in Afghanistan, the sand and the blood and the explosions. You think of men you knew, men you lost, men you should have saved. You think of the gunshot and the infection and the fevers, how they tried to kill you but didn’t quite manage. You think that they ought to have tried harder, the fevers. You think of what your mum might say about all this, if she were still around. You try not to think of that for too long. You think that you ought to phone Harry.
“I believe he is in the bushes just to the left of the door,” he whispered. “We move there first.”
“Another strategy,” Sherlock said, John’s hand still close to his mouth, “is to take advantage of the tilting of the head to mask lip movements. Part the lips only slightly but move the jaw freely, mimicking deeper kissing.” Sherlock pressed his mouth to the center of John’s palm. John could feel only the barest traces of moisture from Sherlock’s lips, but Sherlock’s mouth moved against his hand, a pantomime of the passionate kiss that could have been. It was bloody unfair.
John took Sherlock’s face in his hands, pressing kisses against his lips, his cheeks, his eyes, his forehead. “I know,” he said, his voice growing high and wavy. “I know.
“I can’t leave,” John said. “We’re on a deserted island, remember? Need a boat to get to the mainland. And I don’t exactly fancy a swim at the moment.”
and twists his hand over yours and you can feel him when he starts to come, you can feel his body clench and shake around your cock and you can feel his prick thicken and swell in your hand and the whole of him bends backwards and the column of his neck is a bloody mile long and somehow that’s what does it. You sink your teeth into that neck and come harder than you ever have in your life.
John laughed, wrapping his arms around Sherlock as Sherlock’s lips found his throat. “Are you jealous of yourself?” John asked. Sherlock could feel John’s smile with his tongue.
“Sherlock…” John started.
No, absolutely none of that can be said to another human being, even him. Especially him.
“Right,” he said, popping back up the stairs and out of Sherlock’s way. “Right. Sorry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“More valuable than one-point-two million euros?” John asked.
feel for him.”
Sherlock ran his hands along John’s sides, traversing the motley assortment of marks from the Taibhses’ boots. “Does anything feel broken?” he asked.
you still went into the loo with him. He half-arsed a toothy blowjob through a condom and you barely forced your way to an orgasm—picturing yourself anywhere but where you were—before he stood up and gave himself a quick wank against you, thankfully managing to spill his load against the wall instead of your trousers.
.” He paused, and for a moment his eyes flickered down to his hands. “
“Um,” John did his best to organize the map of the island in his mind. “East? Northeast, I think. Back towards the mainland.”
And with that, John was left standing alone in the sitting room, blinking and confused and ready to toss every piece of identification he had into the ocean if it meant never returning to London.
“Thirty meters,” said Sherlock.
Equally ineffectual
“Magnussen,” Sherlock said. The word tripped over his tongue. He was fairly certain he got it right, as much as he was certain of anything at the moment.
John chuckled and Mary’s smile widened. Yes, John liked Mary’s smile. Mary’s smile, it seemed, made John smile. In the time since Sherlock died, Mary had been the one thing to actually make John smile. He was even happy sometimes, which was utterly astounding. His reputation as the grumpy doctor at the surgery was starting to suffer. It was likely, he thought, that he could love Mary’s smile. He wondered if he already did.
Sherlock grinned, leaping off the sofa with a flourish. “Best case I’ve seen in months.” He disappeared into the kitchen again.
there is more to me than names
“...would have needed false papers,” Sherlock finished, apparently through waiting for John to figure it out on his own.
missed this. He missed the chaos of the flat, of never quite knowing what he might wake up to discover, be it a sobbing client, angry men with large guns, or Sherlock inexplicably microwaving a spleen. He missed going off with Sherlock on some cracked adventure, righting wrongs and causing chaos in the name of Sherlock’s own personal definition of justice. As unbelievable as it seemed, he missed
“And me,” John said, his eyes dipping low. “You’ve been incredibly kind to me. Taking me in as a flatmate. Having me help with cases. Giving me...” he swallowed, aware that he was saying too much, giving too much away, “a purpose.” He wondered if it was the wine making him lose his ability to shut the hell up.
Mary flipped the safety on her gun and tucked it away in her trousers. “Thank you,” she said.
“Romantic relationships,” John said.
drinking his beer. The bloke was sitting at the bar when you got here, drinking that same beer. You’ve nearly finished yours, and he still has three-quarters left. He’s raising it to his lips as he watches the telly, moving his mouth as if taking in a long pull, but when he lowers his glass it’s still three-quarters full. He swallows down nothing.
John squeezed at Sherlock’s hand. He said nothing.
“Does she make you happy?” Sherlock asked.
Gilly smiled. “What would be the fun in that?”
“We’ve talked about this,” John said. “Experiments contained to the kitchen, remember?”
And one day when I look I will be shown
“I want to name the baby,” John said.
“Don’t.” Sherlock’s hand snaked into John’s hair, sinking into the strands at the back of his head and clenching tightly. “Don’t think on it.”
John looked over at Sherlock, and what was most unfair was how John could still picture his bloody eyes, those blue eyes that held an intelligence John could never quite fathom even if he were given lifetimes to do so, that could communicate kindness or violence depending on the way they flickered, that stared lifelessly out at nothing as Sherlock’s broken body lay on the pavement, just a few meters away from where John sat. John’s own eyes, at the moment, burned like hell and it felt as if his throat were closing up. His efforts not to cry on a bench outside of Barts Hospital were about to fail spectacularly.
John tipped his head to the sky. “Jesus, Mary.”
John nodded again.
Claire waved them on, moving down the sloping hill towards the edge of the island. “C’mon,” she said, “we’ll have a look at the White Strand before showing you where you’ll be staying.”
“Why are you here?” Sherlock asked.
“The torte would be lovely,” John said.
John stared up at Sherlock, unsure of how to respond. He
John cursed and was nearly knocked flat on his face as Sherlock threw his arms over John’s shoulders, the full force of Sherlock’s body smacking him in the back.
Wrong. “
It was nearly suppertime at 221b Baker Street. The sun recently decided to dip down past the buildings, casting the whole of the flat in a dim gold glow. In her flat below, Mrs. Hudson was watching a game show on the telly, the faint cheers from the audience drifting up the stairs. John hovered over the cooker, poking at a chicken curry dish he was attempting with the one wooden spoon in the flat he was reasonably certain had never touched human remains. The pot bubbled and popped on the cooker and the dish seemed as if it would be moderately edible. The room smelled of salt and spices.
John grasped Sherlock’s face, pulling Sherlock’s lips away from his neck and back to his mouth. What they were doing now was messy and uncoordinated and could only be called kissing in the loosest possible definition, sloppy movements full of breath and moans and tongues. Sherlock was thrusting against John, shoving his body harder against the wall with each grind of their hips, John’s breath leaving him with each harsh movement.
In her cot, Rosie was red-faced and flailing at the air. She had really taken to kicking recently and was having quite the go of it, her little legs attacking nothing. John did some mental math. She had her last meal a little before midnight and was changed shortly after. She was due for another feeding. Her pediatrician said that they could start weaning her off one of these nighttime feedings soon and John personally couldn’t wait. Living with an infant reminded John more than a little of living with Sherlock in those early days, complete with the erratic sleep schedule and nodding off at work and catering to the every need of a fussy enigma of a human for whom John was inexplicably willing to die at the drop of a hat.
Sherlock exhaled. “I know it’s not...good. But…”
He turned back to Mary, who was looking at him expectantly.
There was a shift in the blankets as John pulled them over himself. Sherlock could practically feel John’s exhale resonate through the mattress. As reluctant as John seemed to join him in bed, it was clear that shifting to a horizontal sleeping position was already providing ample relief for his body. John exhaled again and the sound somehow coaxed some tension from Sherlock’s bones as well. He could feel the bed warming with John’s presence, the body heat of another ebbing its way through the blankets. There was a comfort to it, like falling asleep with a hot water bottle at your feet on cold winter nights. Like being sung to sleep by a loving parent who was still quite relieved that the day’s electrocution hadn’t proven fatal. John’s breaths were even, slowing. Exhaustion was taking him. Sherlock felt the mattress shift as John rolled onto his side, his warmth moving that much closer to Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyelids were heavy and his limbs were immobile. He drifted.
Put on your sweatpants and unlace your shoes—
“I am merely pointing out the disingenuousness of your words,” Sherlock said. He was pacing over by the sofa now, taking care not to look directly at John. “If you are going to pepper me with banalities, you could at least do me the courtesy of being accurate.
Sherlock thrashed on the bed, his hips pumping furiously into his fist. His arm was shaking. The whole of his body was rigid, tense, balancing on the edge. He had bit his arm so hard he could see a red ring of tooth marks standing out against his skin. He could feel his orgasm building again, growing nearer with each breath, each frantic thrust of his hips. He pictured John shaking beneath him, grinding his cock into the mattress with abandon, his arse swelling and clenching around Sherlock’s cock as his own orgasm overtook him. Sherlock couldn’t hold on, couldn’t hold on. God,
Listen. With the first choice you make, there is a one-third chance that the car is behind the door you chose and a two-thirds chance that the car is behind one of the other two doors.” He gestured at imaginary doors with a firm strike of his hand that had Molly flinching slightly. “After the host shows you the goat behind one of the remaining doors, he eliminates that door as a possibility. That means that there is now a two-thirds chance that the car is behind the remaining door and a one-third chance that the car is behind the door you first chose.
Treated me coolly,
Sherlock’s sour glare hit him in the side of his face. Sherlock’s moods today seemed particularly changeable. John hoped this wasn’t foreshadowing for the whole of the trip, especially since it would be just the two of them for an unknown length of time. Trapped on an island with a moody Sherlock seemed the perfect recipe for grueling days.
You shove him, but not particularly hard and he doesn’t go anywhere. “Wanker,” you say, but you're laughing.
If they were boyfriends, John thought, he would roll over and wrap his arms around Sherlock, pulling him into his body. He would fold the blankets over them and they would huddle close together until the cold was the furthest thing from their minds. John’s cock let him know that it wasn’t opposed to the idea. John reminded his cock that
Sherlock grinned. “That is exactly the question we are going to answer, John.”
“Shit,” John muttered. He wiped at his eyes and took several long, deep breaths before donning his fakest-looking smile and answering the phone.
The donkeys lumbered away.
” He said this last bit pointedly, as if John choosing to spend a night with his girlfriend was the most unforgivable of actions.
look at each other like puppydogs. John patted at Gilly’s arm. This would pass.
Sherlock’s jaw tensed. He had hoped he would spend his time in 1895 looking for a murderous ghost. This was much, much worse.
“The whole house?” John said through the pillow. “We woke the whole house, then?”
“Aye,” John said. He was trying for an Irish accent but came off sounding more like a pirate. Conor giggled.
John’s finger moved inside of him and it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t big enough, it wasn’t long enough, it wasn’t deep enough, it wasn’t
boats.” And with that, Sherlock hung up.
“Thank you,” John said, although he was a bit unsure why he was thanking her at the moment.
Put it together and John is confused—
John reminded himself.
Sherlock’s skin glowed nearly white in the darkness of the hill. His gaze remained fixed on the stars, the dim light of the universe shining onto his face and painting his sharp edges in soft shadows. His hair was splayed out on the hill behind him. His voice was low, rumbling, a sound that seemed to come from the Earth itself, calling out to the universe that it wouldn’t stand to be considered negligible for long. John considered that the stars weren’t the only magnificent thing in his sight this evening.
after that.”
“For what I wish to Christ would be the last time,” John said, “but, knowing you, definitely won’t be—no. You are wrong.”
He stepped out of the room, moved towards the bedroom. The room was dark and just as silent as Rosie’s.
Luckily, Sherlock once taught John how to climb fire escapes.
want, Sherlock?” John whispered.
When he got to Sherlock’s bedroom, Sherlock already had a suitcase flung open on his bed and was rifling through an array of suits in his armoire.
Sherlock shook his head, wiping at his face again. “No,” he said. “Not that. Don’t you see?”
“It’s good to see you too,” John said, shaking the cold-numbness out of his fingers. “It’s been a bit, hasn’t it?”
thing.”
“No,” John said. “
The glass shattered. The storm tore through the whole of the greenhouse and the windows exploded. Glass shards rained down upon them. John dove for Sherlock, pulling him down to the ground and covering him with his arms, his body. The water pelted upon them, drenching them nearly instantaneously. Sheets of water screamed across Sherlock’s back, driving him into the ground. He clutched at John. The both of them were shouting something indistinct.
“Doing what?”
” John’s mouth was on his again. His body was tight, shaking. He was close. Sherlock moaned.
“Okay,” John said. He nodded. He searched his brain.
“Did you mean it?” you ask. “What you said. Back at the, uh...” you clear your throat, “bank. After I…” you’ve got butterflies in your stomach threatening to choke you, and you hate them. “Did you mean it?”
“Unlikely,” Sherlock said, “as the sheep were killed
“You sound just like a doctor,” the woman’s friend said.
John shrugged. “Hell if I know.”
John sighed, ran a hand over his face. “It doesn’t feel like it,” he said. “Especially recently.”
“Was there something to worry about in Serbia?” John asked. He wasn’t sure if his voice could be heard over the rain.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, lifting John’s hand. “It seems he wasn’t the only one with that problem.” He spread John’s fingers between his, inspecting the middle and ring fingers, still ever so slightly crooked from an ages-old break.
Sherlock shook his head right back. “I’d never leave you, John.”
As it turns out, your legs work after all.
“Which is exactly why you aren’t safe with me,” Sherlock said. “I’m dangerous, John.”
John arched his back, pushing himself against Sherlock’s cock, trying to move, trying to move faster, harder. Sherlock’s hand was on John’s hip in an instant, gripping at him, stilling him.
,” Sherlock nodded towards the police car, slowly driving away with an unhappy-looking Hugh inside, “is not the Holiday Killer.”
,” John nearly shouted. His hands were rocks at his sides and he was in serious danger of breaking Sherlock’s jaw. “For once, just shut the hell up.”
“Have I seen you without it?” John asked. “Ever?”
dreams he had while Sherlock was dead. John didn’t know how one of
Sherlock shook his head and John lowered the damp gauze to his chest. John was gentle with wound cleaning, taking care not to press too hard or too fast, but Sherlock flinched all the same, sucking in air through his teeth as the cold material pressed against his wound. The painkillers must not be at full effect yet after all.
“It’s just,” John said to Sherlock, “you normally only investigate dead humans.”
,” John said, but when he laughed it was genuine.
John cleared his throat. “I notice you stopped with the pet names,” he said.
Sherlock could not have left the wedding fast enough. He nearly sprinted out of the hall, bumping into a few disgruntled guests as he went and possibly knocking over a small child. It was still difficult to breathe once he was outside, despite the cool air and the blessed lack of
was opposed to the idea, which was rather the point.
Mary grinned. “I hate to tell you this, Doctor Watson,” she said, “but you might be a bit too old to drink like a teenager.”
John was not going to think about any of that at the moment.
“Yeah,” John said. “They sure look like bloody liars to me.”
The swarm of seals still lay on the beach when John and Sherlock walked by, horking and grunting at each other in the surf. More of them seemed to be coming in from the waters, flopping along on their plump bellies like well-organized fish. John paused on the cliffs overlooking the beach, fully aware of the dumb smile on his face as he watched them. Sherlock’s eyes were on John, a tiny smile on his face.
“I know it’s real,” John said. “But it doesn’t....it doesn’t feel real. And I can’t remember it, only pieces, and it doesn’t feel… I can’t…”
Mrs. Hudson swiveled, pretending as if she only just noticed John in his chair. “Oh,” she said, “hello dear. I didn’t realize you were back. Did you have a nice time away last night?” Her smile was too wide to be genuine.
Sherlock’s finger was digging a divot into the fabric of John’s jumper. “You wouldn’t have.”
He cleared his throat and walked back towards the stairs. He peered over the railing, gazing down the spiral of decrepit, cobwebbed stairs. “And then you left me,” he said. “You left me at a bloody crime scene.” He sighed. “You were always leaving me, Sherlock. I would have followed you to the end, but you always
John said one afternoon. The two of them were lying on the sofa, having a rest while Rosie napped upstairs. Sherlock’s head lay in the center of John’s chest. John’s heart beat evenly against his ear.
Fitz danced a bit around the room, unsure what was going on but swept up in the excitement, happy to have been a good boy.
It was faint, wavering notes carried off by the wind and the night air, but it was distinct. A violin, somewhere far away, singing out the notes that had been circling John’s mind for the whole of the day.
John pressed his eyes closed. “Are you comparing your faked death to a dolphin now?”
In retrospect, it was obvious that the criminal they were chasing would have had a knife in his possession. Based on his hobbies, media consumption, and choice of decor for his flat, he had quite an affinity for Asian culture, kung-fu movies, and samurai swords. It was the latter with which the criminal attempted an attack on them, although it was clear that he hadn’t the first idea how to use the thing. What he lacked in knowledge, however, he made up for in enthusiasm, slinging the blade wildly about the room while screaming as if his voice was a weapon in and of itself, which it practically was. He wasn’t so much a threat as he was impossible to get near, like trying to stick one’s fingers in between the propellers of an airplane. The criminal had been heading more or less directly at Sherlock with his sword swinging—using a sort of winding, spinning movement that prevented John from getting a decent shot lined up—when John managed to tackle him. Somewhere in the scuffle, John caught a blade to the upper thigh. John cried out and Sherlock sent his heel into the criminal’s temple with such force that it knocked him out cold after just the one swing.
“Declan’s dead,” Will said.
“A dare, most likely,” comes a voice at your side, and you nearly start swinging. You turn. You remind yourself that you’re in London and can’t just go about breaking bones whenever someone sneaks up on you.
Sherlock’s hands tightened into fists in John’s jumper. His breaths didn’t seem to be coming in quite steady. John could barely breathe himself, but that was more due to the crushing weight of Sherlock’s arms around him.
“The…” John peered at the ink. The note had been written with a thick black pen, the ink shimmering and glossy. Very glossy. John ran a thumb over the ink. It smudged, leaving a stain of black across the page and along John’s finger. He examined his thumb. He blinked. “It’s fresh.”
John swallowed. “You’ll want to clean it again,” he said.
A ripple in the water moved what used to be Sherlock’s hands to John’s legs. His fingers followed the current and drifted along John’s calves, the curve of his legs, up onto his thighs. He was warm, like sunlight.
“Information about Mary?” John asked.
John felt his mouth fall open. He shook his head, ever so slightly. Sherlock turned, preparing to storm away, but John caught his arm, holding him still. When Sherlock met his eyes, they were wide and hurt and near-overflowing, and John was well and done pretending that he didn’t want this too.
“I believe I can stand now,” he said.
His barely-functioning fingers found Sherlock’s hips, dipping into the waistband of his trousers. He tugged at Sherlock, trying to pull him closer. His thumbs fumbled at the buttons of Sherlock’s trousers. He seemed to be lacking fine motor skills at the moment, but he was certain he could work it all out if he tried hard enough.
John, apparently, had completely forgotten to keep up his Irish accent. “‘Fraid so,” he said. “Try not to hold it against me.” He shifted the gun in his hand and held out an open palm, gesturing. “Now. Your gun.”
“That’s just a folk tale, Conor,” Will said, steering the boat through another wave.
Part of it was an act, John knew. Sherlock slipping into the character of the exuberant tour guide, enthusiastic about the island and one with nature. Part of it was checking, ensuring John’s safety; he felt Sherlock’s hand slip to his waistband, ensuring that Declan’s gun was still tucked away where John could easily access it. Still, John could see bits of honesty in Sherlock’s eyes, and when John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, flicking his tongue against Sherlock’s lower lip quickly, covertly, he was certain he could feel Sherlock’s cock give a little twitch in his trousers.
“To see if we can’t get the killer to come to us,” Sherlock grinned and passed the computer over to John. “What do you think of this cottage?”
to kill him. He didn’t leave me a choice.”
Sherlock slipped under the blankets. With John laying atop the covers, there was a hard barrier of fabric between the two of them, a line that literally could not be crossed. It was a helpful barrier, Sherlock knew, and it might make John feel more comfortable to know that they were divided in such a way. Still, Sherlock found himself disliking the barrier for reasons he chose not to understand.
“Hugh?” Sherlock asked. He seemed equally confused.
“It’s what I do to keep from being bored,” he says, raising his glass to his lips once more. “Occasionally it also pays the bills.”
, telling him
John sighed and sank back against the porcelain of the tub. He could feel the tension start to leave his body almost immediately, the stress and sadness and fury and terror of the past few days begin to leak from his muscles, leaving him calm and floppy. He breathed into the steam of the room, allowing his eyes to slide shut. It felt wonderful to be still for a moment. He washed himself slowly, rinsing off the dried blood and residue in an unhurried manner. The water wasn’t going anywhere, and neither was John. John would be here—in this flat, in 221b, with Sherlock—for a long time to come, he had a feeling.
Ah. So Sherlock’s plan was to literally knock on the front door, then. John wondered what he was doing hiding out behind the house.
and I intend to win.
“Oh Christ,” John said. “That’s good.”
“I suppose not,” John said. “But no one really likes to have a row with their friends, now do they?” He purposefully omitted that this was a bit more than a row, that it seemed as if they both found a way to really hurt the other. He couldn’t stop thinking of Sherlock’s face at the end, valiantly trying to hide a look of hurt as he faced John.
this patient had the object stuck wherever it was. You wouldn’t have questioned a child’s motives, so obviously the patient must have been grown, too old to expect such behavior. Still, there
“Shut up,” John said.
“We don’t need to get the police involved,” he said, his voice picking up speed. “We can work this out between the three of us. How about I waive the fees for your time at the cottage? Say this one is on the house?”
“What if you’ve already picked the car?” Sherlock whispered.
going to do at the moment.
” Sherlock said. He looked as if the words tasted vile.
“Beehives?” John asked. “Like the one Claire showed us on the other side of the island?”
The two arrived at the sheep. It looked as if even more flies had discovered the body, and the smell had intensified somewhat. Will nodded at the body, as if it was exactly what he had expected. “Not very well,” he said, unfolding the tarp and wrapping it around the carcass.
Sherlock shook him awake with a timid hand before he left for the mainland this morning. He hovered next to the bed, carefully avoiding eye contact as John blinked up at him. He mumbled something about shipping out in a moment, something about John texting him should any sheep turn up dead. He looked as if there were more he wished to say but he didn’t say any of it, opening and shutting his mouth and staring at the bit of mattress just by John’s stomach. For John’s part, he was still too tired and numb to say much of anything. Instead, he nodded and dropped his head back to the pillow. He was bloody exhausted.
There is also a real-life Fitz. His name isn’t Fitz, but I can state with 100% accuracy that he is a Very Good Boy.
There was more, much more. There was Mary swearing that she wasn’t running away, swearing that she wouldn’t be gone long, swearing that she would come home to the both of them as soon as she neutralized the danger, whatever the hell that meant. There was Mary forbidding John to come looking for her, forbidding him to get Sherlock involved to try to find her or help her, claiming that it would be impossible for them to find her anyway. There was Mary saying that she had a plan, don’t worry, and her plan simply involved getting as far away as possible. There was Mary begging him not to be angry with her and saying that she loved him, but by the time John got to that part of the note his head was spinning far too much to comprehend the meaning of the words.
so much,” Sherlock continued, stepping even closer, his voice on the border of yelling, “how is it you have never once considered how any of this affects me? Why did it take Mrs. Hudson to call your attention to it? And even then—even
“We could,” Sherlock said, a flash of mystery glinting in his eye. “Or we could take a more direct approach.”
” John said. “It’s a bloody maths problem.”
John swallowed, and it felt like a handful of razor blades sank into his throat. His arm went limp against Sherlock. “Right,” he said. A silence drifted between the two of them. Even the candle seemed afraid to crackle.
Sherlock could feel the first hints of an orgasm building and slowed the pace of his hand on himself. If it were John, if John were here, Sherlock knew that he could come from John’s hands on him, his mouth on him, but he wouldn’t want to. He needed to be inside John, needed to feel the hot center of John’s body tight around his cock. Sherlock imagined John’s voice from that night (
“I wouldn’t know about any of that,” Will said. He nodded at John, gesturing for him to take an end of the tarp and help him lift the thing into the wheelbarrow. “Declan was nice enough. To me, anyway. But he kept to himself. A hard fellow to get to know.”
“You’ll have to try harder than that,” Sherlock whispered.
He rather wished that Sherlock were around at the moment.
Some of those were dreams. At this point, John had dreamed about Sherlock so much that half of his memory wasn’t even real. These images, they weren’t real. John couldn’t tell what was real. John himself didn’t feel real at the moment. His lungs were on fire and his head was a balloon and he couldn’t feel his legs. London was a roar of noise and lights and hazy-faced pedestrians ducking out of his way. It all felt as if it might be happening to someone else, someone who didn’t have a solid hold on their life.
to pay attention this time, damnit. He noticed little numbers scrawled at the tops of some pages. Dates. Underneath, jagged prose in the first person.
“Wait,” he said, brushing his fingers along Sherlock’s arms. “Let me look at you.”
Sherlock left the light off. The room was dark, but neither of them needed the light. It all felt a bit involuntary, like sleepwalking. It felt like something they had known how to do all along, something their bodies had learned without their awareness. Sherlock moved to the right side of the bed while John settled in on the left. John moved the covers down for Sherlock and Sherlock slipped underneath. The blankets felt soft on his bare skin. Together, he and John would make the bed smell like a forest.
“So,” John said, moving the hell on from his current train of thought wherein his wife had a constant plan at the ready to abandon her family and assume a new identity. “We have a one in three chance of guessing which city she chose.”
Sherlock’s grip on John’s arms tightened. He was staring at John with intensity.
Conor was properly laughing at him now.
“You’re sure?”
“Later,” John said, smiling as he propped himself up on the bed.
John thought, cursing his own idiocy.
“You knew everything about her, the pink lady, just from looking at her for two minutes,” John said. “If that.” He shook his head. “It was extraordinary.”
He could feel Sherlock’s breath stutter in his throat. “Yes,” Sherlock breathed.
“We certainly seem to be,” Sherlock said, his nose nuzzling against John’s hair.
John explained with a grin), but they still outnumbered the nightmares with a ratio that pleased Sherlock quite a bit. John tended to wake up from
“What would you be like if you weren’t?” John asked. “If you gave me the full force of you?”
Sherlock glanced down, suddenly struggling a bit with eye contact. “John,” he said. “I apologize for...my role in everything. I shouldn’t have acted so impulsively last night, especially when I knew you had a significant other.”
“Oh?” he asks, and there’s a playfulness to it. He almost sounds flirty. He raises his lips to his pint once more, and out of the corner of your eye you spy the pink edge of his tongue press against the rim of the glass. Whether he takes an actual sip or not seems inconsequential. He smiles, a mischievous thing.
You’ve done this sort of thing before. You’re no stranger to brief hook-ups in loos, in the back corner of dark pubs or seedy nightclubs. In Afghanistan, that’s all there was, really—speedy encounters with people who weren’t important in the end, a race to orgasm before the two of you were caught. There was an excitement to it, certainly, but little else aside from that. It was what it was. You’ve done this too much to expect anything out of it aside from a hasty climax.
“Sherlock…” This conversation was already going poorly and it had only just started.
As Sherlock cleaned the excess blood from the wound, he was relieved to find that the cut was not as deep as he originally thought. It was still longer than he’d have liked, thin and angry-looking, but it didn’t seem as if it would cause any permanent damage to John’s leg.
The sincerity fell off Sherlock's face in a sheet and he was back to his cold self again. He released John’s arm and stood in one swift motion, stepping away from John to return to his conversation with Darren. He was talking about disemboweled sheep, his back fully to John, within seconds.
“No,” the woman said. She looked properly terrified by John’s sudden appearance, which John figured she was well within her rights to be. She scurried away just as John ran over to a man waiting to cross the street.
“And leave you behind?” Sherlock asked. “Not an option. Never an option, John.”
, John thought with more than a little animosity, Sherlock went gallivanting across the globe in an effort to dismantle Moriarty’s network.
) and shook his head, trying to clear it of detritus. “Ta. Wait. What?”
“The Island is home to one of the largest grey seal colonies in Europe,” Claire said. “We get thousands of them, especially around breeding season. They’re just as much a fixture of the Island as the sheep.”
Sherlock strode back over to him. Behind him, a forensic officer was crying into his hands.
Sherlock’s expression was calm, unreadable. John hated that he couldn’t even surprise his imagined version of Sherlock, couldn’t get him riled even just a little.
Sherlock was a flurry of movement, leaping off of John so quickly John nearly tumbled off the sofa. Sherlock crouched on the floor, scanning the room, creeping towards the window that seemed to be nearest where the noise originated. The Holiday Killer was here. It was time to act.
“Sherlock?” John called. He couldn’t tell if he actually made noise or not. He tried again, louder. “
what exactly was wrong with him, and he was good and bloody finished with it.
Sherlock pulled out his mobile. He tapped out a number and waited, crossing his legs daintily as he held the mobile to his ear.
John nearly jumped out of his skin. “Jesus Christ,” he said. “How are you always so bloody silent?”
John thought.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John panted. “You feel…” His voice died out again. His mouth opened and shut.
Do you ever think of leaving me?
that I’m lonely and blue
“What the hell is your problem, Sherlock?” John shouted. He was a bit too close to Sherlock for comfort at the moment, and was worried he might throttle him soon.
Some member of Sherlock’s homeless network provided intel that one of the black market surgeons had recently resurfaced. Sherlock had spent the last few days in a perpetual state of searching for the individual, either in the less-than-respectable parts of town or in areas of the internet about which John wished to know very little. After another body turned up that was removed of its organs, Sherlock switched his searches to entirely online.
“I’m not panicking,” John said. The words came out a bit rushed, on account of how little he had been breathing.
“Good,” John said through gritted teeth. “Now. Forceps on the other side. Pull the needle through the center just a bit. Catch the other side of the wound. From the underside.”
Sherlock
“It’s just Gilly,” John said.
“Yeah. Well.” John rubbed at his neck. “You asked me to stay. Remember?”
I keep you safe!
You hide behind your stoic eyes
Sherlock had said). Sherlock’s smile, wide and genuine, just after. Sherlock’s smile, changing and fading, turning into something different, as if Sherlock had just realized something he would have preferred never to have known.
*           *           *
Lucy tugged at another bit of grass. It pulled from the ground with a faint
Sherlock turned to John before boarding the boat. He looked as if he wished to reach out to John, to touch him, but he resisted, oscillating on the rocky pier. “You’ll be all right here?” he asked. “By yourself?”
if we were really dating.”
“Sherlock,” John said, and he couldn’t think of a single other thing to say.
“Okay,” John said. He supposed she was right. “Will you marry me?”
Thank you so much for reading! I love you forever.
” he said.
in every sense of the word, as if he and Sherlock were slipping into a singular unit right there in his crime scene of a bedroom. John heard himself make a little noise and Sherlock’s breathing grew unsteady against him and—god—the two of them could have stayed like that forever.
the surgeon had said,
There was a gentle tapping on the door, and Sherlock poked his head into the loo. He seemed cautious, as if unsure he ought to be opening the door even a crack.
“Trying to run background checks on folks to help take tours to the Island,” Claire explained as they boarded the boat. “Be a bit more careful with who we hire this time. Brennan here,” she gestured to the new skipper, “is helping out until we get somebody hired.”
John found himself still a little swept away from the whole of it, although mostly (if he was being honest with himself) by the lingering feel of Sherlock’s lips on his. “What?” he asked.
, John,” Sherlock said, tugging at the pages, turning them back in John’s hands. “It’s the
Sherlock nodded. In the dark of the room, John could barely see the outline of Sherlock’s face, occasionally flickering with the lightning through the window.
and I’m nearly satisfied,
John grasped at Sherlock’s hand, loosening Sherlock’s grip on his chest. He slid Sherlock’s hand down his chest, along his stomach, underneath his pyjamas until Sherlock’s hand was on his cock, hot and rigid in his trousers. Sherlock made a noise that could have caused John to come right then.
, John thought.
He studies you. Whether he somehow managed to hear all the things you didn’t say is anybody’s guess. “You don’t often have good sex?” he asks.
John thought.
balked at the idea that he couldn’t force any sort of convincing relationship with Sherlock. He had spent the morning trying to will away an erection at the man’s physical presence, goddamnit. Sherlock wouldn’t
John set his bags on the ground and dropped to a knee, reaching out a hand for Lucy. She walked forward, leaning her head into his hand. He scratched at the rough wool of her head, fully aware that he was grinning like some sort of arsehole.
“Okay,” John said. He moved forward, pressing a hand against Sherlock’s cheek. He forced his hand to rest for just a moment, scrutinizing Sherlock’s expression, making certain that he was not about to flee. Then he pressed their lips together, slow and soft. Chaste. Sherlock allowed the kiss to happen and even moved his lips slightly against John’s, but he was guarded, shields up. John ended the kiss but remained near, his nose brushing against Sherlock’s. If Sherlock would let him, John would kiss him all night. He would never stop kissing him.
. Unfortunately, John’s nightmares were a problem Sherlock could not solve; they existed entirely within John’s head, a place Sherlock could never live no matter how hard he tried.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. “He’s desperate.”
“Seems only kind,” John said.
“Right,” John said, scrutinizing Sherlock for a moment before digging his hands into his hair and resuming his pacing. “I just didn’t think you...for
John froze. Coming up the stairs, skin flushed and dotted with little droplets of water, shirt and pants damp and balled up in one hand, was Sherlock.
Reds and blues danced across the wall as a police car sped by, completely ignoring the dilapidated building and its questionable inhabitants. The police were aware of this particular drug den, Sherlock knew (Sherlock knew the police). However, the business of bursting in and attempting to wrangle an assortment of mostly-homeless smackheads was associated with a mountain of paperwork, and some things are best left alone. Some things are too far gone. Too far past saving. Too late, too late. It was all too late now.
Sherlock groaned and fell back onto the ground, head tipping backwards, hands finding John’s hair again, fingers sinking into scalp, gripping with shaking force. Sherlock’s palms covered John’s ears and the world was reduced to a seashell buzz, the angry sounds of the ocean. The huff of John’s own breathing—choked exhales forced through his nose—hissed through his head and Sherlock was alive beneath him, groaning and writhing and thrusting his hips upwards, his cock pumping into John’s mouth. Sherlock was moving, a rhythmic, undulating thing, feet slipping along the grass, desperate muscles flexing and trembling, the roll and violence of a stormy sea. John moved with him, holding tight, riding him with his mouth, and it reminded him of that first journey to the island, the boat cresting and crashing along the waves, soaring into the air, meeting the hard sheet of water with a shuddering crash. But John had his sea legs now and he was meant to be here, riding through whatever torrent the waters held for him. Loving Sherlock as if he were taking on the full force of the Atlantic.
His jaw was tight. He had hoped that this would be cathartic, this visit. He was planning to propose to Mary soon. Next week, likely. He made dinner reservations at The Landmark and everything. He was moving on. Goddamnit, he was moving on. There was absolutely no reason for his throat to be on fire, for his eyes to be burning.
“Your mobile is dead,” Sherlock said. “You haven’t been charging it.” John was a fair ways down the path by now, and Sherlock had to shout somewhat.
John sighed and shifted in his seat. “Do you really think the apparition will appear?” he asked.
They glanced at John and Sherlock as the two approached before returning to grazing. The little ewe seemed to be milling about the area as well, blinking in the sunlight and waiting for nothing.
-girlfriend,” John said. “And more than ever.” He reached out a hand for Sherlock, an offer.
John considered once again pointing out that the Monty Hall problem wasn’t meant to be specifically about the show itself, but decided not to waste his energy. He tied off the first stitch and began moving the needle back through Sherlock’s skin.
Indeed, John looked panicked. His skin was pale and his eyes were bloodshot and his hands were trembling. The whole of his body seemed to tremble, now that Sherlock was looking—he was practically vibrating with tension. If Sherlock had his way, he would have crossed the distance between them and wrapped his arms around John, held him close until the panic melted out of his body. However, Sherlock very much did
John was unsure if he was still recovering from an orgasm or having a panic attack, but it somehow felt like both. His heart was hammering and his body was sick and shuddering and the tile beneath his eyes was soaked. His brain had several urgent questions for him but lacked the functioning capacity to ask them all properly so they were coming out in broken chunks.
“Where did he come from?” Sherlock asked.
No matter all the drafts I draw
Sherlock said, his lips curling in a nasty smile,
“So,” John said. “It would appear that we both have experience being in this sort of relationship.”
“Bloody
Sherlock had said over the phone to the rental company.
John cleared his throat. “I don’t know if any of that was real,” he said, hoping desperately that he would never know, lest the truth wreck him. “But what you said...it was nice.”
John realized that this was
Sherlock got John’s wrists free and John grabbed at him, hands in his hair, pulling their foreheads together. He kissed at Sherlock’s mouth, bleary and uncoordinated. “Are you hurt?” he asked.
John shifted his weight to the side, nudging himself between Sherlock and the back of the sofa. He brought his hand to his mouth and ran his tongue along his palm. John could produce his own moisture. He was good like that. John’s hand moved down Sherlock’s body, seeking fingers sneaking underneath the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers and pushing lower still until John found him and wrapped his slick hand around Sherlock’s cock, squeezing and sliding along rigid flesh, and Sherlock’s diaphragm flexed and his ribs expanded and his mouth fell open and he broke through the surface tension of the water and sucked in a sharp gasp of air. He had lungs again and they were a burning frenzy. He wasn’t used to so much oxygen. He was gasping, shaking, dizzy.
He puffed out a breath and shifted.
“What?” John had a feeling the whole of his body had flushed red. “
John cursed, following behind Sherlock as quickly as he could. The grass was still wet from the rain, shining and slick, pressed to the earth.
“Ah,” John said. “When you were dead, you mean.”
Something flickered in Sherlock’s expression, a heat that didn’t seem to be coming from the fireplace.
“Yes,” John said, “it was. It was good. It was very good.”
Sherlock placed his hand on John’s wrist, stilling him. John slipped his fingers from Sherlock, and Sherlock didn’t understand how he could miss the touch so palpably, despite knowing what was to come. John slicked his cock with fumbling hands and Sherlock pulled at him, positioning himself over John, needing him immediately. He hovered just over John’s cock, guiding the tip against his hole.
“What happened here?” she asked, gesturing at the back of the jacket. The fabric was nearly tattered, scratched to pieces and torn in more than a few areas. It looked as if it had been dragged repeatedly over a jagged surface.
When the two of you arrive at Lee Street, it is properly dark and the streets are as close to deserted as London can get. Cedars Bank is situated along a row of buildings, closed-up shops at either side and flats overhead. Sherlock has the two of you turn down the next street over and guides you towards the back of the bank, the service exit. His eyes dart around and he pulls a small tool from his pocket. He sets to work on the lock.
Sherlock’s head ducked back under the blankets. “Not quite,” he said.
“There are extra blankets in here too,” he forced himself to say. “We should probably make up the other bed.”
John blinked. He had no idea what Sherlock was on about. From his perspective, John had more than an ounce of interest in being in this relationship, and not very much of it felt feigned anymore. He had been concerned that Sherlock might find his interest appalling, although this clearly wasn’t the case. “Where the hell is this coming from, Sherlock?”
“Yes,” he says, busy at work with the lock. “Is that not obvious?”
[]          []          []
“I’ve got…” you start. You have to warn him. People do better with a warning, you’ve found. Not well, but better. “I’ve got a scar…”
I miss the mark by far—
,” Sherlock gasped, the only word he knew.
. Sherlock must be pushing through a crowd, and likely not very politely.
You catch up to him, breathing a bit faster than before. “I—” you start. “What?” You point at the closed door. “Is he a bank robber?”
Sherlock fished a rather large box out of the suitcase. He held it up, waggling an eyebrow.
“You saw me too,” he says. “You weren’t even meant to, but you did all the same.” He sounds very serious, and when you look back at him his eyes are fixed on you, those heterochromatic eyes with the small nevus just on the right iris that bloody
“It’s true,” John said. “How can it be cruel if it’s true? You have me, Sherlock.”
John thought it best that he leave
John narrowed his eyes. “I am not—”
“They’re not even that irritating,” John said, “the qualities you went with. I liked the violin. It was lovely, even at half-three in the morning.”
The boat was ten or so meters away from the rocks where Sherlock stood at this point. They were close enough not to need the mobile anymore, and the man slipped the thing back into his pocket. Sherlock did the same. The man moved to the bow, leaning forward. “The flash drive,” he said.
“On that, we agree,” John chuckled. “What about hugging, cuddling, all that?”
He stepped back, forcing himself to meet Sherlock’s gaze.
“Do you think he wrote what he took in the missing pages?” John asked.
So you go to the pub. And you hate it. But at least you’re trying.
“I don’t know,” John said. “Or rather,
“Your muscles have developed something akin to rigor mortis, your heart rate has increased exponentially, your body temperature is soaring, and you appear to have stopped breathing,” Sherlock said. “Would you like me to continue?”
“No one around to see you touch yourself,” Sherlock said. His voice was quiet, but his and John’s faces were quite close to each other now so it was no matter.
I’ve stubbed my toes on stubborn steps,
“I was fine, John,” Sherlock said. “I slipped on the grass. I didn’t pitch off the cliff.”
Which, incidentally, was exactly what he
Odd, John thought. It wasn’t like Sherlock to leave his violin like that.
, Sherlock. Stop—”
“Do you really think I’m a madman?” Sherlock asked.
a simple fracture, nothing more.
Sherlock bit at John’s soundless lips. “Do you want that again, John?” he asked.
John sat himself on Declan’s bed, back propped against the wall as he read. Sherlock tore up the remaining floorboards, shoving aside the dresser to balance precariously on the exposed beams and seeming keen on trying to get the boards underneath the bed as well. Fitz joined John on the bed, gnawing happily at a piece of wood. John scratched at Fitz’s head.
He cleared his throat, turning towards the kitchen. “Dinner?” he asked.
“He asks you if you would like to open the door you originally selected,” Sherlock said, his voice slow and patient, “or if you would like to switch your selection and open the remaining door. You must keep whatever is behind the door you choose—car or goat.”
Sherlock turned his head. His eyes were black, the color of the nothingness that housed everything. They glittered with starlight, and John figured that they may as well be the center of the universe because they were certainly the center of John’s. They always had been. Sherlock’s eyes were the swirling nebula of galaxies and stars, expanding into infinity, and John figured that he had never been so close to the center of it all before.
Sherlock turned off the taps and the loo was plunged into silence, save for his own breaths and the drip of water from his body. The rusty squeak of the shower curtain rings echoed through the room as Sherlock slid the curtain open, looking for a towel.
Mary gave a little smile, an
let alone observe. If John hadn’t been so preoccupied with the state of his own subconscious, he might have noticed. He might have asked her about it. She might not have to be alone in this.
John twisted at his neck, which omitted a loud crackling noise. He cursed again.
“Your brain doesn’t,” Sherlock said. “All it knows is that the sounds of danger are near, the shadow of a tiger approaching a caveman. It doesn’t know the difference between the real tigers and the shadows. It only knows to fight.”
,” Sherlock repeated, as if John simply hadn’t heard him. “Couples kiss, do they not?”
The chill of the night lifted with the sun and the weather was decent—fifteen degrees with a light breeze, not terrible for a long hike around the island. The sky was a brilliant blue with little tufts of clouds floating about and the sun shimmered off the waters. The blue surrounding them only served to highlight the shining green of the island, and John thought, once again, that the whole thing looked bloody idyllic.
The whole of the closet behind Will—the crisp linens and the flannels and the rows of cleaning supplies and the bag of feed for Lucy—erupted with blood and little flecks of flesh, clean whites gone gory. Red rained down onto the duffel.
He missed Sherlock with an intensity he couldn’t quite understand.
“No it’s not,” Mary said. “It’s sweet. Tell him, Sherlock.”
“This might be the blood loss talking,” John said, “but
” he hissed.
this can’t be real. None of this can be real.
John was sure that if there were a way to text a sigh, Sherlock would have done so.
“I…” he said. “I should go.”
John twisted on the floor of the boat, trying to ride out the pain that began between his legs and seemed to throb all the way to the tips of his ears. He tried to call out to Sherlock—telling him not to worry, that he would be fine, that he shouldn’t give these bastards one single thing they ask for, no matter what they threatened. None of the sounds were decipherable.
He collapsed into one of the kitchen chairs. He ran a hand through his hair.
He carried on not thinking it as he darted up the stairs to the room that used to be his, empty now, dark and cold. In this sad little room, it was easier not to think it—Sherlock never came up here; it was always John who came to Sherlock. Always, right from the start. John’s room was perpetually dull and a bit drafty—the light and warmth and energy had been downstairs with Sherlock, and he took it all with him when he left. John glanced around the bare little room for just a moment before shutting the door and turning back. He walked down the stairs to the sitting room, slowly slowly slowly. Not thinking.
“God yes,” Sherlock gasped, moving his fingers inside of John just right, just so. John cried out and Sherlock moved his hand faster, fucking John with his fingers while John bounced his hips against him, shaking and panting and saying Sherlock’s name in little broken gasps, one syllable at a time. Sherlock caught John’s mouth in his and John wrapped his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and sunk himself into Sherlock’s kiss and then there was nothing but this. No stag-do, no wedding, no invitations and seating charts and lilac dresses and extended family members and certainly no
“Yeah,” John said. “And yet I am.”
at the moment, although I expect that will change eventually.”
“Introduced by a mutual acquaintance,” Sherlock said. “We were both looking for a flatmate at the time. The acquaintance thought we’d work well together.” He glanced up at John, and John couldn’t tell if the look in his eyes was genuine or not. “He was right.”
John twisted his fingers and angled them just so and brushed against his prostate and had to shove his face against the tile of the counter to keep his shouts from waking up the whole bloody street. He pumped his fingers into himself, his body lighting up, sparking, ready to ignite. Sherlock’s name was in his mouth, on his lips, leaving him with every sharp pant of breath pushed out of him while he fucked himself with abandon. His hand flew over his cock and he moved his arse back against his own fingers, quickening the pace. His whole body was shaking and everything was closing in, open, raw, needing just a little more, a little more.
” He shoved a pink flyer into John’s hand and carried on down the street, shouting at nobody.
“John,” Sherlock whispered. His hands were on John’s back, creeping lower. His leg was wrapped around John. His hips were still moving in tight strokes.
Once—just the once—John tried to broach the subject of the events of the evening.
“A real one,” Sherlock said.
“Mrs. Hudson, mostly.”
Sherlock nodded towards the windows. “Blackout curtains,” he said. “Should help.”
John put an unsteady hand on Sherlock’s chest. “I think,” he said, “they wanted us to leave.”
Something flickered across Sherlock’s face, a pain that made his face twitch and his eyes shimmer. “I clearly don’t,” he said, his voice steel. With that, he turned and strode from the cottage, slamming the front door behind him.
John watched the corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch upwards. “Good,” Sherlock said. He stepped closer to John, their arms pressed together.
Rosie ran over to them, tears beading in her eyes. She flung her arms around John. “I didn’t say anything bad,” she said, sniffing. “I promise. I just told him that since he was dead his body would go all stiff and his blood would puddle in the back of him and flies would make their babies all over him and he’d start getting all yellow and—”
“Do you know how long,” John panted, his cheek scraping against the wall, looking back at Sherlock through half-closed eyes, “I’ve wanted this?”
“I don’t think it’s here anymore,” Sherlock said. “The money. Something’s been done with it.”
John found that he had absolutely no desire to do any of that. Instead, he went downstairs and sank onto the sofa.
, Sherlock. I felt so much for you.”
Sherlock hadn’t had a case—not a case worth chasing, anyway—in over four billion years and everything was so mind-numbingly boring that he had devolved, or perhaps had never even evolved in the first place. He couldn’t quite remember. His mobile was silent and the website was dead and everything had sunk into a stupor, the oxygen draining from the flat and reducing Sherlock to little more than a prokaryote. He was formless, so light as to be weightless, supported only by the dull leather of the sofa beneath him as the thing that may once have been his body sunk into nothingness and the things that may once have been his eyes stared at the ceiling. He didn’t have bones anymore. He didn’t have eyes. He was no longer terrestrial. He floated in water, the world thick and slow around him. His lungs were gone, he didn’t breathe anymore. He took in what little oxygen was left in the flat through diffusion, absorbing it into his skin without effort or thought. Everything was slow, agonizingly slow, too slow to be meaningful. At a certain point, everything drops down to zero. To say that Sherlock still existed was a bit of an exaggeration.
Sherlock looked unsatisfied by his answer. He tongued at another bean, bringing it into his mouth slowly.
John felt his mouth twist to the side. He tapped at his glass. He should stop by Baker Street, he knew. He could push aside whatever was going on in his brain for long enough to feed Sherlock up, make sure he wasn’t dying.
Sherlock pulled back ever so slightly. It was a kindness that he didn’t glance down to ascertain if he was feeling what he thought he was feeling in John’s trousers, although John had a sense he already deduced what it was. Sherlock blinked for just a moment, but regained his composure rapidly.
“Please do,” Sherlock said. “You’ll save us all a lot of time and trouble.”
“Three bullets,” Sherlock said. “Three gunmen. Three victims. That’s what he said. He had snipers—Moriarty—ready to fire. The three of you would die—Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and…” he swallowed, “and you. You would die. Unless I jumped.”
Anyway, all in a day’s work.
“Thought you didn’t like this,” John said.
“Hush,” John said, stepping closer to Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes widened at his approach, glistening in the lights. He was beautiful, John thought, and it was utterly unfair that this was to be the only time for them.
“What you’d like to do,” John said, “would best be saved for when we’re back at Baker Street. Alone. With a quiet bed and a door that locks.”
“I shouldn’t have,” Sherlock said. “I just promised you that I wouldn’t, and… It was wrong of me. I shouldn’t have.”
“You didn’t,” Sherlock said. “I chose.”
“It sounds odd,” Brennan said, “but it’s true. That dolphin and I have known each other over twenty years by now. I’ve been fishing off in the Sound since I was a lad, and the dolphin’s been there near the whole time. Been in the Sound since he was a calf, I think.”
But the police were upon them then, swarming in and shouting directions and ushering Sherlock away from Hugh. John tucked his gun into his trousers as the officers closed in on Hugh, nudging Sherlock and John further away from the danger. They rolled Hugh onto his belly, hands behind his back, and Hugh allowed himself to be moved, too scared to put up any sort of fight.
And there—standing atop the roof of the building that stood directly opposite 221b, wavering and faint in the moonlight—was a silhouette. The silhouette moved in time with the notes of the music—undulating, rhythmic. Its arm was crooked upwards, holding something beneath its chin. The flash of violin strings glinted in the faint light.
” she gasped, her mouth falling open. “Do you… Do you think they’ve…” She tapped the tips of her index fingers together, eyebrows waggling. John felt as if he might be sick everywhere.
not the one with the problem,” Sherlock snapped. He was rifling through a box of tea, flinging tea bags everywhere. “You’re the one who has no problem faking every second of a relationship with every breathing human in all of England with the sole exception of
it was enough. It was more than John could have hoped for.
Lucy carried on eating grass and John did all he could to push Sherlock from his mind. He pressed his eyes shut, sighed, took several deep breaths. He opened his eyes again. Blinked. Stared down at Declan’s journal. He was reading the journal, goddamnit. He was looking for clues.
“Well,” John said. “I’d hate to sully your genius with my idiocy. I suppose I’ll stop helping on cases, then.” The words tasted bitter. John could have been sick all over them.
221B was dark and silent when they arrived. Mrs. Hudson had long since gone to sleep. She would ask about the explosion in the morning, would fret about the danger in which the two of them put themselves, but Sherlock was done thinking about the matter for the evening. John switched on a single lamp in the sitting room and the two stood in the dim light, watching each other, not saying a word. John was tattered and dirty, debris and plaster clinging to his torn clothes, dust caked into his face. John watched Sherlock as if waiting for his next command.
“I was mistaken,” Sherlock said. “Not thinking clearly.”
“That song is abhorrent,” Sherlock said.
John sighed, hanging up as he made his way down the slippy rocks that led to the pier. It would seem that Sherlock was going to be in a bit of a mood. By the time John made it to Darren’s little boat, Sherlock was tapping his foot and periodically tipping his head to the sky, as if it was a tortuous level of unfairness that he should have to wait for John.
Sherlock had said. John opened his eyes and took a defiant sip of tea through rattled hands. He swallowed, satisfied with himself.
been out here; the bushes just next to him were disturbed and there was a puddle of something—sick, John saw—just to the side. John wrinkled his nose, but figured this sort of thing was to be expected at a wedding with a free bar.
Sherlock could hear the faint tapping of his keyboard from underneath the pillow. He unburied himself, looking over at John. “What are you doing?”
Sherlock frowned. He didn’t mind the scars on John’s body, little mementos of the life he allegedly lived before Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t particularly keen on having this moment turn into a scar, this day where John nearly got his leg sliced off coming to Sherlock’s rescue and Sherlock nearly had a panic attack in their loo, practically incapable of helping John in any manner. No, Sherlock certainly did not want this memory etched forever on John’s skin. He pulled at the excess suture and sunk the needle back into John at a diagonal, working his way along the cut.
“Right,” John said. “How long do you intend to hide out here, then?”
“You need to kiss me now,” John said.
him. John’s hand was warm, starting to sweat a bit, but that was from the nervousness John had absolutely no idea why he was feeling. His heart was hammering, and he was sure that Sherlock could feel his pulse thrumming between his fingers, making all sorts of deductions as to what John might be feeling at the moment. And—god—their faces were close. When did their faces get so close? John could practically feel Sherlock’s breath on his upper lip.
“He’s having an affair with her,” Sherlock said. He considered. “Well, he
you had me think that. You had me think I watched you die without saving you. And I know it wasn’t real, and I know you weren’t really dead, but I still
“I understand what this is, John,” Sherlock said. He remained facing away, his scarred back a wall between them. “Trust me, I of all people understand. I understand what it’s like to be lonely. What it’s like not to see a caring face in your midst for months at a time. I understand what it’s like to realize that you crave the presence of another person so palpably you would near kill for it. I understand how it can play tricks on your mind, how it can make your thoughts turn to the nearest potential partner, the only constant you had in your life before, and think…” Sherlock swallowed. “But it isn’t real, John. It’s just a trick. The dolphin and the fisherman. It looks convincing, but it is fake. It is in everyone’s best interest to simply move on.” Sherlock’s voice dipped into something sour. “Something I doubt you will have any difficulty with, in the end.”
“All dialects can be distilled down to their core sounds,” Sherlock said. “It’s really quite simple. And incredibly useful for cases. One can get quite far, it would seem, pretending to be someone they’re not.”
“And I was worried that you’d take me to hospital,” Sherlock said. “That you’d stop touching me.”
Sherlock managed to find the two of them a car, and insisted that they be packed and out the door first thing the next morning. As Sherlock so infuriatingly predicted, John had a kip after his coffee date with Gilly and, as such, tossed and turned the night before. He felt hazy and disjointed as he puttered about the next morning, packing the last of his toiletries and trying to blink himself into consciousness.
But Sherlock certainly didn’t mind.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock murmured. “I didn’t think you wanted me to fuck you there, John.”
“I want you to be passionate about me,” Mary said. “I want you to get upset. Have feelings.”
Plan: tell him the answer is yes. Always yes, to all of it, whatever it is. Yes, John. Yes.
whoever the fuck you are!
The window opened halfway and a small duffel bag was tossed outside. Then John saw a leg—Mary’s leg—swing through the opening.
Sherlock sat up. “Your situation,” he said, “does not physically prevent you from feeling.”
“Is that a good idea?” John hissed.
He’s got some website out there, a blog of sorts.
“It helps,” Sherlock said. “With the headache.”
Sherlock didn’t seem to find the climb particularly simple either, but John could tell that Sherlock was having an easier go of it than he was. Still, Sherlock lingered nearby, his eyes darting to John every few seconds. If John didn’t know any better, he would say that Sherlock was fighting the urge to grab John’s hand and help him up the steep walkway.
“Every day,” Sherlock said.
I had a lover years ago
As such, John was a bit surprised to discover that his answer had changed. Here he was, the ceiling crashing down around him and the room overrun with white light and ear-splitting noises and something or other pushing down against his body and he was almost certainly being murdered, and all he could do was scream Sherlock’s name over and over and over.
“It’s about the Monty Hall problem,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock hacked off a piece of the lasagna with his fork. “It needs more salt,” he said.
“Hard,” Sherlock said. “
“It’s not Hugh,” Sherlock said. “He’s not the Holiday Killer.”
) and wanted so badly to fuck him, needed to fuck him. He needed to come making John scream.
John went to mutter some protest, his mind a bit more interested in attending to the feel of Sherlock in his arms, but his eyes were heavy and his tongue was sluggish. He barely mustered a nod before he allowed his eyes to slip closed. He drifted, floating between sleep and wakefulness for minutes or infinity. He couldn’t quite tell.
.” He cleared his throat, his tone switching back to neutral, nonchalant. “It was the end of it, anyway. Mycroft intervened after that, prevented the gangsters from carrying through with the long-term aspects of their plan. I came back to London. You know the rest.”
He wasn’t sure if he ought to bring the gun. He debated bringing it along on the trip to begin with—bringing a gun on a trip to reunite with one’s wife conveyed a questionable message. Still, Mary said she was in danger, and danger seemed to necessitate a weapon. When he tucked it into his coat before leaving the hotel tonight, Sherlock only nodded at him, a grim approval.
[]          []          []
“Mmm,” Mary said. “I’m not sure we need to be a threesome for the meeting with the officiant. He’ll probably be wanting to know about just us. Our relationship. Our plans for the future. Things like that.”
And then John was on his back, Sherlock’s body pressing down on his with a weight that seemed impossible for his slight frame. Sherlock’s mouth was on his, gaping and hungry, and his tongue was deep in John’s mouth before John even had a chance to register what was happening. Sherlock’s hands dug into John’s hair, twisting and squeezing, nearly tearing strands out at the root. He seemed as if he were endeavoring to taste every bit of John, to suck the very essence of him out through his tongue. John wasn’t breathing again, his breath stolen from his lungs by Sherlock’s violent mouth. It felt as if bits of him were being blown away in small chunks, eroded and blasted to smooth bits of nothing, and he held on for dear life, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, fingernails digging into flesh.
It was all a bit of a blur how it started.
London at night was a kaleidoscope of swerving lights and bobbling shapes and streaks of colors, all swirling and twisting around with no semblance of reason or harmony. The lights and colors stood out from the dark of the sky and the shadows of the building, a contrast that kept the pupils constantly uncertain as to how much they ought to dilate so instead they did nothing. The result was a world that was not only spinning but also a bit fuzzy. It was all rather disorienting. How had Sherlock never noticed how disorienting London was at night? One would think he ought to have noticed it before. He was supposed to be clever.
“Not to me,” John said. “I always found it extraordinary.”
The officers patted along Hugh’s body, searching for weapons. An officer pulled a pocketknife from his jacket. They reminded him that anything he said could be given in evidence and that he did not have to say anything. Hugh did not seem keen on accepting that advice.
“Because he knows just where to hide,” Sherlock said, a bit breathlessly. He was staring at the rocks ahead of them, something fascinating in the cliff face.
Sherlock insisted on doing another search of Declan’s room and the café, not that their investigation of that space had been particularly fruitful the day before. Sherlock was able to deduce from the soles of Declan’s shoes that he had made the trek around the island a dozen or so times himself, but mostly walked on the beach or in the field with the sheep. An impressive deduction, John supposed, but it didn’t get them any closer to solving any murders, sheep or human.
something.”
“He asks you what prize you choose.”
It went on as such for a while. Eventually Fitz learned to ignore John’s intermittent laughter and insane grinning and went to sleep on John’s jumper, flipping himself onto his side with a leg kicked into the air, dreaming of slow and idiotic rabbits. For as tired as he ought to be, John felt himself surging with energy. As such, he was making rather good progress on the floor, even with Sherlock’s periodic bored texts.
“It’s the only way, John,” Sherlock said. “I can find out who’s after her. I can fix her problem. I can protect her, keep her safe from danger. Her and Rosie,” Sherlock swallowed, “and you.”
“Doesn’t take a genius consulting detective to come to that conclusion,” John said. “Let’s keep trying, shall we? When you look at me, what do you think of?”
Not quite possessing the energy to remain standing for a full shower, John opted to draw himself a bath. The bathtub in the flat was nowhere near as lovely as the clawfoot tub in the cottage, but it had served its function on multiple occasions before, and John was reasonably certain there were no cameras in the loo in 221b. He turned the water as hot as he could stand and watched the tub slowly fill, the mirrors growing steamy. He tugged the bandage off his head (it was a bit unnecessary, anyway), slid out of his clothes, and slipped into the near-scalding water.
“Yes,” you breathe. “Christ yes you are. God.” His hands are on you and your vision is going hazy. “You’re so bloody good because you can see,” you manage. “You can see what you do to me. And then you do it more.”
John and Sherlock were passing the time lounging on the sofa. Sherlock was in his post-case bout of lethargy, clothed in pyjamas and spending most of his time horizontal, except this particular bout of lethargy involved John being horizontal as well and was notably less lethargic than in previous instances. John considered that they ought to purchase Mrs. Hudson some noise-cancelling headphones, or at least set up a periodic sort of flower delivery as a form of apology for the regular disturbances. Mrs. Hudson didn’t seem to mind the disturbances per se, but her little winks at them the next morning were making John more than a little embarrassed.
Out of the corner of his eye, John caught Sherlock studying him, a little smile on his face.
Besides, there was also the little fact that he looked like a man who had recently been shagged half to death that made him think Mary would figure the whole thing out before he even had a chance to open his mouth.
John felt the sides of his mouth twitch upwards. “Yeah,” he said. “I can be.” He held Sherlock’s gaze for a moment, the two sharing light, incredulous smiles—too tentative to believe that any of this was actually happening.
“You didn’t even think the killer was a woman,” Gilly said. “That’s a touch sexist, Sherlock.”
“So,” Birdy continued. “How did you two meet?”
“It helps people make sense of what’s happened to them,” John said. “They can wrap their heads around how they feel about things, what’s important to them. That sort of thing.”
John set his half-empty wine glass on the table with a bit more force than strictly necessary. “You did,” he said. It was one of the early times the two of them dined here after some case or another, and Sherlock hadn’t so much recommended the dish as practically ordered it for him.
might be a better descriptor.
He is spread out before you, cock flushed against his stomach, legs wide. He is nothing but pale, lean skin and slim muscles, taut and writhing, tinged pink as his chest heaves. He is reaching for you with impatient hands, but you need a moment. You need several moments. You didn’t get to see him the other night, not really, and someone should have warned you. Someone should have bloody well warned you.
John made a noise that was certainly not laughter.
Mary sat calmly on the bed, fully willing to wait as long as was needed.
“You know,” Lestrade said, gesturing vaguely.
“Just bringing up the post,” Mrs. Hudson said, a bustle of energy striding through the door into the sitting room. “You’re both up so early this morning, I thought—
Gilly lurched forward in one swift movement, gun raised in the air. John jumped backwards, doing his best to dodge, but Gilly was faster. She swung her arm downward in a furious motion. The butt of the gun crunched into John’s head and the world went black.
By the time John heaved himself onto the roof, panting and aching but still glowing, the music had stopped. The night was silent; even the rush of cars seemed to fade away. John pushed himself over the ledge and rolled onto his back on the rough tile of the roof, allowing himself a moment to catch his breath. The stars hovered above him in greeting. It was nice to see them again, so close and loud. John pushed himself to his feet.
should disappear with time,
“There’s nothing between me and Sherlock,” John repeated, although for the first time out of the hundreds of times he had spoken that sentence, he felt it to be not entirely the truth.
“It’s true,” Conor insisted. “I read about it in school. He hid out in a cave with a little ledge over it. The English soldiers would walk by his cave and he would stab them with a spear,” Conor pantomimed heaving a large staff into an imaginary soldier, “and hurl them off the cliff. He killed all the English soldiers like that.” Conor’s gleeful smile faltered as he remembered John. “Oh,” he said, “sorry.”
John said, willing himself to fall back to sleep just to put an end to this conversation.
“Sherlock,” John said, grabbing at Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock turned to face him, seeming impatient with any action that kept him from returning to the sheep.
“Ah,” John said. That’s right—there had been a serial killer, hadn’t there? He shifted slightly, attempting to push himself up. “Need me to come with you?”
. Only this, only the two of them, pissed drunk and pressed against a brick wall in a dirty alleyway, grinding and panting like teenagers. All Sherlock could feel was John against him, all he could taste was John’s tongue on his, all he could hear was the whimpering noises John made as Sherlock’s fingers moved and stroked inside him. John’s cock had nudged his way out of its pants and was pressed against his stomach, red and leaking. Sherlock wished he had more than just the two hands. He was so hard he hurt.
They stripped themselves of their sopping, sandy clothes as soon as they made it to their cottage. Sherlock dropped the flash drive—still dangling from a tattered string—onto the table and tugged his waterlogged mobile from his pocket, shrugging at the thing as he wedged it into a bag of rice.
John could barely look at Sherlock without seeing spots. “I don’t know,” he said.
“I thought it might give us a clue,” John said. “You know, track her purchases. See where she is.” He glanced at Sherlock’s intentionally placid face. “I guess she’s a bit too clever for that.” He frowned. “Not sure how she’s getting around, then. She hasn’t withdrawn any money at all. None.”
the skin was seared, my fingers red,
John shifted his arm to the side, the one closest to Sherlock. The back of his hand bumped up against the barrier, the little hill of blanket that separated him from Sherlock. “I suppose we’ll just have to be more careful, then,” John said.
Sherlock stepped into a pair of pyjama bottoms and narrowed his eyes at John. “I disagree,” he said. “Wholeheartedly.”
Sherlock shook his head, his forehead rolling against John’s. “I can’t be without you,” he said, his eyes closed, his lips nearly touching John’s. “I need you, John. I
But me? I’ve nothing but time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John certainly thought so,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock gasped into the nothingness as his fist moved faster over his cock. His back arched and he lifted his hips off the mattress, picturing John bent over him, on top of him. John’s hands on him. His mouth. God, his mouth. He could envision John crouching between his legs, fingers grasping his hips as he took Sherlock’s cock deep into his throat. He could almost feel John’s tongue move against him. Sherlock heard himself make a noise that was part-moan, part-whine, a noise wholly unfamiliar to him. His head tipped towards the headboard. His body shook. Not enough. It wasn’t enough.
clever enough,” John said. “You found the way.”
“What on earth would make you think that you are of any value to me?” Sherlock’s voice was sharp, biting. “Do you really think you contribute in any meaningful way to my work? Do you really think you
has been trying to extract from a sheep. And he will very likely try to find a way back to this island to procure said item. What better way for him to do so than when there is a large tour on the island, lots of people milling about among whom he believes he can sneak around unnoticed?”
“That he is,” Brennan said. “Lots of fishermen out here have stories about him. He swims alongside boats, does little flips when he feels like it. But it’s always seemed like he’s preferred me best. Comes over to my boat as soon as he sees it. Does little flips for me. Stays by my side as long as I’m out there.” The man smiled, seemingly despite himself. “We have a little game we play. I stick my oar out over the water and he comes up and bumps it with his nose.”
“Sherlock,” John said.
. Married. We’re getting
of you.”
“So,” Sherlock said, his breath hitching. “What is John Watson like in a relationship? A real one?”
“I’m afraid not,” Sherlock said. He pursed his lips. “I hope we’ve made ourselves attractive enough as victims for this killer. Perhaps we should have increased the physical affection while we were in town today.
“Your skin is constantly changing,” Sherlock said. “Each day that passes, each event you experience, leaves little impressions on your body. Little changes, subtle but present. I want to capture you as you are now, in this very moment.” He ran his hand up John’s arm, fingers sweeping over his shoulder. “I’ll want to do this again tomorrow as well. And the day after, likely. In perpetuity.” His eyes darted up to John’s. “Is that all right?”
John peeled his jacket off his body and hung it on a hook by the door. Little droplets of water started hitting the floor with a tap-tap-tap. “Didn’t know you knew how to do that,” he said.
John snorted, and one of the sheep gave him an odd look before returning to grazing.
Indeed, there was a faint rustling noise outside. Too loud to be the wind, too heavy to be an animal. No, it clearly sounded as if someone were in the bushes by the window.
“Good,” John said, and sank into Sherlock’s mouth again. His hips settled onto Sherlock’s, straddling him just at the groin. Their chests were pressed together and he could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering against his. Sherlock’s fingers dug into his back and he was kissing John as if he wished to crawl inside him somehow and John would have bloody well let him. He could feel Sherlock’s cock, wet and warm and still a bit plump, settle just at his arse, the soft skin barely grazing against his hole, and without warning the ache was back, that need that seemed to start in the core of him and emanate outward, throbbing to his very fingertips. He rolled his hips against Sherlock’s cock ever so slightly, feeling skin brush against skin, and heard a moan escape his lips before he could help it. His cock was resting against Sherlock’s stomach and was harder than anything, leaking precome onto Sherlock’s slick skin. John rocked his hips forward again, the movement just out of his control. His erection slid against Sherlock’s skin and Sherlock’s cock nudged against John’s arse and it might be enough, he thought. It might be enough to make him come just like that. He moved himself against Sherlock, his body pulsing, losing the rhythm of his lips against Sherlock’s.
Mary thought about it. She rubbed at her belly. “Alright,” she said. “We’ll name the baby Catherine, then.” Her voice sounded hollow—a shell. Empty vaults.
“You’ve got a look to you,” John said. “What is it?”
“Uh,” you say, still staring at your beer. “Yeah.”
“I...” John started at Sherlock’s sudden comment. He had to stretch his memory back to even comprehend what Sherlock was talking about. “No,” he said. “No I don’t.”
“It’s not
John could hear shouting coming from 221b before he even opened the front door, which was rarely a good sign. He had an early shift at the surgery, and when he left this morning Sherlock appeared to be in a calm state, engrossed in something or other on John’s computer. Rosie was on holiday from school, and she and Sherlock would have spent the day together; there was usually a fifty-fifty chance that they were up to no good. John could hear the high-pitched sounds of Rosie’s shouts as well. He sighed and started up the stairs, ready to face whatever awaited him in the flat.
John sighed. He twirled his fork around the pasta and popped it into his mouth. “It’s delicious, alright?” he said, mouth full. “Still delicious. Still my favorite.” He swallowed with great effort. “And you’re still dead.”
Sherlock looked at John as if he were speaking in tongues. “That doesn’t make sense,” he said.
Sherlock pressed himself against John’s back, the length of his cock running along the cleft of John’s arse. He bit at John’s ear. “Not nearly as long as I have,” he whispered.
“Don’t I?” John asked.
“Yes,” he says. “How did you know that was me? I was completely covered up. My face was unrecognizable.” He seems disgruntled. “I’m quite good at makeup. You shouldn’t have been able to tell it was me.”
“It’s not a platitude,” John said. “I just meant—”
And Sherlock didn’t.
Sherlock blinked. He blinked again.
Lestrade's face turned an unprecedented shade of red. He dropped his palm back to his side. “Nothing,” he said. “I was just…” he swallowed, “wondering.” Then he patted John on the back and pretended to take a phone call.
“When Mary finds out. When I tell her,” John’s face looked broken, “she might not let me see you again, Sherlock. Do you understand? She might not let us have any more contact at all and she’d be well within her rights.”
It starts with squawking, screaming notes
“Right,” Sherlock said, clambering for the scissors with hands he wished were steadier.
“Just over,” John said. “Our one-year anniversary was—would have been—” John wasn’t sure of the proper terminology anymore, “last week.” A year ago, John might have expected that he and Mary would spend their one-year anniversary celebrating at some fancy restaurant, or perhaps on holiday for the weekend. Instead, John commemorated the date with a call to his solicitor, telling him that both he and Mary were prepared to move their legal separation into an application for divorce.
“Just imagine how much worse you would feel,” Sherlock whispered, leaning close to John’s ear, “if we let them take us around to see the bloody dolphin.”
out loud.
“There are three doors,” Sherlock summarized, eyes on John. “The host asks you to choose one. Behind one door is a prize—a car—and behind the other two doors are goats.”
you. He’s managed to wedge his way into your innards and figure out what’s written on the walls of your skull.
“Do you know what you make me want to do to you?” Sherlock asked. He brushed against John’s prostate again, a swirling, twisting motion that John couldn’t comprehend for the life of him, and John made a sound he had never heard himself make before. “I would fuck you in a pile of snow covered in pine needles,” Sherlock whispered. His lips moved against the shell of John’s ear and John was certain it would be the thing that ended him. “I would fuck you in that antique shower, rusted water pouring over us. I would fuck you on the disgusting kitchen floor, rub discarded flour from the pie crusts on your chest and lick it off.” Sherlock pushed his fingers inside of John,
“Not quite,” said Sherlock.
“Exactly,” said Sherlock. “I should have
John checked his watch. He sighed.
interest in being in any sort of romantic relationship with me so that we can catch his serial killer. Is the idea of a relationship with me—a fake one, at that—really so disgusting to you that you would rather people die?”
John blinked at Sherlock. He found that he had very little to say at the moment.
John stood in the empty driveway, tapping his fists against his legs and reminding himself of all the reasons why taking off down the long and largely isolated road after Sherlock was a bad idea, especially when there was supposed to be a serial killer after them. Instead, he pulled his mobile from his pocket and sent a text to Sherlock.
“It’s slippy around here,” John said. He glanced down at her ankle. “Mind if I take a look?”
,” he read. “
“Juicy,” Gilly grinned. “And what will that entail?”
John twisted his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, moaning against his mouth. Sherlock rolled the both of them over, moving so he was on top of John, a thigh pressed between his legs. Sherlock could feel John’s heart hammering against him, but John’s hands were steady as they moved down Sherlock’s body. John writhed underneath Sherlock, rocking his hips against him. The two were out of breath when they separated.
He smiles into his beer, that proud-teacher smile.
John chuckled. “You do realize,” he said, gesturing at the two of them, “now that she’s down, that you can’t move? You’re stuck like that for the rest of the night now.”
“Nope,” Sherlock said.
he muttered) and plopped down on the toilet lid, breathing heavily and trying to mask his own concern as he looked at his leg. At the moment, Sherlock knelt in front of John, staring at the blood seeping through the poor excuse for a bandage and doing very little blinking.
“What?” you ask, blinking. “No. I… I like it just—”
There was John, sitting cross-legged on the floor next to the mattress where Sherlock lay, looking disappointed. Right. This just sort of happened sometimes, when Sherlock was here. John wasn’t really there, of course, but he certainly would be disappointed if he knew Sherlock was. John reached forward and placed a palm on Sherlock’s forehead. He brushed back the matting of sweaty curls from his face. It wasn’t real, Sherlock knew, but it still felt like pain.
“Why?” John asked.
“I’m hogging all your pillows at the moment,” John said, pointing down at his foot. “It’s only fair that you get one too.”
You narrow your eyes at him. “Are you
John pressed a hand flat against Sherlock’s back. He could feel Sherlock’s heart pounding through his ribcage, the unsteadiness of his breath. The whole of Sherlock’s body was tense. John rubbed his hand along Sherlock’s back—stroking, gentle—and Sherlock only tensed further.
“Will is desperate and impulsive,” Sherlock said. “And he’s killed before.”
?” Sherlock was at his dresser now, digging through his socks in a manner that John knew meant Sherlock would have to reorganize everything later.
“Kissing.”
The cliff rumbled. The ground fell away just a few steps behind where the two of them crouched, clasping at each other.
“Solving this case from one hundred and twenty years in the past,” John continued, “will solve nothing in the present. All it does is distract you from what is really going on.”
Sherlock tapped his fingers against his lips. “I wonder…” Then he seemed to snap to attention, darting towards the door. “Fitz—
Distantly, John heard a noise. The click of a doorknob. A door opening. The rattle of the door knocker as a door was shut with gusto. John’s eyes widened, and it felt as if all the blood in his body dropped to his feet.
Hearts,
“No,” John said, attempting to thumb open the buttons to his shirt without getting too much blood on himself. “God no. This level of pissed off is usually reserved exclusively for the world’s only bloody consulting detective.”
“So someone had it out for Declan,” John said. “Maybe someone he wronged in the past. But we still don’t know why they’re killing the sheep.”
Sherlock found his way back to himself gradually, blinking back into reality with hazy eyes. There was a sound happening. Something soft and low. Someone’s voice, a voice he could recognize from a coma, saying his name, calling him brilliant, amazing, extraordinary. Sherlock felt his lips move, slipping up into the shape of a smile. He wiggled at his fingers, his toes. He flexed his legs, shifting lazily on the bed. He seemed to have all of his limbs intact and accounted for. He considered that to be a massive success.
Sherlock turned his head from the sea then, his eyes—bluer than anything on the island that day—locking onto John’s. There was something unspoken in Sherlock’s gaze, hints of litanies of words and fields of knowledge that would break John to pieces were Sherlock to share. John could feel himself getting swept away, lost at sea, and Sherlock hadn’t said a single word.
“Yes,” John whispered. “Please, Sherlock. Yes.”
Mary nodded. “And you’ll take it this time?”
“I don’t think that’s—”
John pressed his eyes closed, forcing himself to breathe, reminding himself that he was on the island, with the sheep. He was shaking again and he hated it.
John glanced at Sherlock, whose irritated face was pointed towards the island. “Not sure
John studied the pavement and supposed that Sherlock—dead as he was—had a point. “Alright,” he said, easing himself off the bench. “Let’s go poke around a condemned building. Seems appropriate for the day, I suppose.” He started off down the pavement, looking for a cab.
Sherlock shushed him.
John said that he dreamed of Sherlock, and Sherlock wondered if John was dreaming of him now, something unwanted and unpleasant that made his face contort and his limbs fight against the paralysis of sleep. Sherlock wished he could fix whatever he was doing in John’s dream that made him shout
not… That is, we’re not actually...”
I see no need for vanity,
“I have warm bodies on my shore for a season,” Sherlock said. “But there will come a day—sooner rather than later—when I am uninhabited. Molly will eventually date every sociopath in the city and finally find herself an actual viable partner. Mrs. Hudson will want to move somewhere pleasant and sunny in her golden years. Lestrade will be promoted or retire and have no use for me anymore. And you…” Sherlock looked up at John and his words died out. John felt something sharp steal through his chest. He certainly didn’t need Sherlock to speak the words out loud again:
Sherlock kissed him again, holding John’s face in his hands as the falls roared around them. He bit at John’s lips and John grinned against him. Somewhere behind Sherlock, a rock dislodged itself from the cliff face. It bounced into the water below.
John’s hand stirred against Sherlock’s head. “You falling back asleep?”
“I love you, John Watson,” he said.
After dinner, Sherlock tucked himself onto the sofa and sunk into his Mind Palace while John took a plate of food and went to look for Fitz. He appeared to still be hunting rabbits in the ruins but scampered over to John once he noticed the food. He ate with gusto and John sat on the grass next to him, scratching at his back and thinking that Sherlock might have a point about some animals only coming around when they know food is near.
Sherlock inspected it. “Ah,” he said. “Yes.”
“It’s just for tonight,” John said, faintly tapping away at his computer. “Tomorrow we can start reintroducing work.
John considered that this was an unusual conversation to have with a mate, one that he couldn’t recall having with any of his friends in the past. Still, he found himself rapt in the conversation, and there was a part of him—a rather insistent part of him—that was
“Poetic,” John said. “But you know what I mean. You’d like it, wouldn’t you? The only living soul on an abandoned island. None of us idiotic humans around to bother you.”
Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said. “An expert defense by an expert landlady.”
“I can’t,” John said. He found himself once again incapable of moving his gaze from the ruined jumper in his hands, the thing that reminded Sherlock of corpses when he wore it. “It’ll just put him off and it’ll ruin all we have and...I can’t.” John’s voice was starting to disappear on him, breaking out in chunks. “I’ll lose him, Mary,” he choked out. “I’ll lose him and I can’t… I can’t lose him. Not again. Not when I just got him back.”
“And you didn’t…” John grabbed at Sherlock’s waist, arguably tighter than was strictly necessary. Sherlock was warm,
But in time the notes grow nicer
“Because there are rules,” John said. He pulled the two sides of Sherlock’s wound together as gently as he could and Sherlock’s hand squeezed at his side.
Mary popped up from behind the table, fired again, ducked back down. “I can’t see him,” she hissed. “Can’t tell where he’s shooting from.”
John’s fingers twiddled with a button on his shirt, not really doing anything with it. “I—”
“You were happy,” Mary said. “You would be back in that bog in an instant if you could.”
Well, nearly naked—he held what appeared to be the smallest flannel ever made just over his groin. The flannel managed to cover his cock but very little else. John could see where Sherlock’s pubic hair started and stopped and the way his thighs creased against his groin as he moved up the stairs and how the sharp dip in his hipbones pointed directly to the area that might as well have been uncovered, seeing how little the flannel was doing to hide anything. John felt the whole of his body stutter to a halt. His brain sparked and popped, useless. His mouth was hanging open and he was definitely staring, but he seemed to have lost control of all voluntary movements at the moment. He wasn’t even certain he was still breathing.
Fitz’s attention broke away at their sudden entrance. He glanced back at them in greeting. Seizing its opportunity, the rabbit wriggled free of the corner and tore out of the building. Fitz snapped back into action and darted after the thing, barking and yipping and howling as if there were some sort of sheep murderer on the island and he hoped to give everyone a nice heart attack about it.
Art by
John nodded, steadying his gun in his hands. He clicked the safety off.
Sleep was unpredictable these days. Sometimes it descended upon him like fog and he woke days later, the seam of the sofa cushion imprinted upon his cheek and Mrs. Hudson hovering over him with a worried face. Other times it evaded him completely and he was left awake for what felt like years, staring at the walls or the ceiling or the floor or Mrs. Hudson’s worried face. It was maddening. It hadn’t yet stopped him from trying, however, and he was currently laying in his bed, staring defiantly at the ceiling. He held his mobile in his hand. He was
A smile spread across John’s face. “And I love you, Sherlock Holmes,” he said. “With everything I’ve got in me.”
*           *           *
“So what you’re saying is,” Sherlock said, nibbling on a bite of the torte, “if the host chooses a door at random, I’m right.”
“And we will,” Sherlock said. “But only after Will has been properly apprehended. The sheep demand justice, John.”
you nearly say.
just some jumpers and a gun—
The first time you dropped some coins in his cup, he looked up at you and you nearly stopped in your tracks because it looked, for just a moment, like he
~ ~ ~
, he wanted to say.
In the end, separating from Mary had been a fairly easy process, at least in terms of logistics. As soon as they’d decided the both of them had enough, they were fairly eager to get the hell on with it. They contacted a solicitor who walked them through the ordeal, organized the details of officially separating, and helped them divvy up what little they had shared.
“Tie it off,” John breathed, gesturing at the general direction of his leg with a dumb finger. “Like the first one.”
Sherlock pulled the car to the side of the road and switched off the engine.
“There’s two bedrooms,” he says, “if you’re the sort to be proper about things. You aren’t, but you’re the sort who likes to pretend to be proper about things for a little while. So if you insist you can store your belongings in the second bedroom, although I have a sense you’ll very much prefer staying in mine. The temperature is much better regulated and my mattress is nice. Very nice. You’ll like it.”
“Because,” Sherlock said, popping another bean into his mouth. “You like it when I eat.”
John ran a hand through his hair. “Yes,” he said. He reconsidered. “No. That is…” He shook his head again. His thoughts weren’t arranging themselves in any sort of useful order. “I knew you didn’t go for girlfriends. I just thought...I thought it was because you didn’t go for anybody. I thought you just…” he waved his hands unhelpfully, “weren’t interested.”
“It’s a
Sherlock. The woman I pledged myself to. The woman I swore to be faithful to. And I have somehow managed to break that promise
“He didn’t,” Mary said, “but I have a few guesses.” She looked pointedly at Sherlock.
Sherlock shook his head. “No flights for her from here on out unless absolutely necessary. Too much security. Too many cameras. Too much time trapped in a metal tube, hurtling through the air with a person who is possibly out to murder her. Ground transportation is safer, more controllable.”
John’s suggestion that the two of them be a bit more careful on cases, of course, had been scrapped soon after John’s ankle recovered. Neither of them were particularly careful men, which suited them for this line of work. Still, Sherlock thought he was being careful during this case. The case itself was barely even a six—a nephew stealing money from his family. Dull. The man didn’t even have a
John smiled at the texts from Sherlock, even though he was not particularly sure if he was comforted by the idea of Hugh hiding in the bushes, hoping to catch a peek of the two of them shagging. It did, however, cast Hugh’s insistence that they try out the fireplace in a slightly different light.
“Wow,” John said. “That’s a lot.”
“Let’s review vowel sounds,” Sherlock said, halfheartedly pushing John’s hand off his chest. “Vowel sounds are the most important.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, looking away. “Our werewolf didn’t stay here continuously—his boat wasn’t big enough for lengthy provisions and even wolves need food every now and then—but he would stay here for a day or two at a time. He would sneak over when he knew nobody was on the island or—once John and I arrived—when he knew we were not monitoring the harbor. At night. Perhaps while we were traversing the island. He is a skilled seaman, but an even better outdoorsman. He knows how to scale a cliff, how to survive in a cave during a storm. What’s more, he knows this island, and he knows it well.”
“Pretending to be something I thought we’d never be,” Sherlock said. “Knowing that every time I was near to you, every time I touched you, every time I kissed you, it could be the last and I was never to have another opportunity. It was killing me, John.”
John decided to have the remainder of the conversation outside.
“Yes,” John said. “Yes. Sherlock. I’m all right, I’m—” But before John could finish his sentence, Sherlock threw his arms around him, pulling John tight against his body. He could feel John’s heart hammering against his own chest, could feel his ribs heaving as his lungs sucked in air. John was warm and sturdy and alive in front of him and Sherlock had no intentions of letting him go.
“I don’t think you’re anything, Sherlock,” John said.
Sherlock was inside him and it felt like coming home.
“Please,” John said. “Please hurry.”
. He, of course, did not say any of this. What he said instead was, “Right.”
John cursed in response, rubbing at his neck.
John peered into the open cavity at the center of the body on the table, never so eager to get to the bottom of an empty rotted corpse in his life. “So,” he said. “The black market? For
doors. That’s a one-third chance of picking the correct door on the first go.”
John nodded again, although the fact that he was panting seemed to undercut his assertion somewhat.
John tensed again above him. He punched at his other leg, swallowing a curse. His shaking hands were clenched tightly into fists, and Sherlock could see lines in John’s skin cut by his fingernails.
John lifted his head, scanning the boat as best he could in the dim light. Sherlock had been down the hill when John darted back into the café to find Will, down at the harbor to see off the tour. How quickly had he made it back up the hill? Did he arrive in time to meet the Taibhses? Did they attack him? Capture him? Or did they treat him as they treated Will, a simple bullet to the head? John felt his entire body go cold.
“Oh,” John said again. He blinked, lines coming together in his brain. “Oh.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Very angrily, I expect.”
Right.
As such, John felt only somewhat guilty as he wrapped his fingers around his cock, running a fist up himself slowly. He moaned at the sensation, his head tipping back against the side of the tub, and all guilt immediately faded. He swirled a thumb over the head of his cock and thought about the length of Sherlock’s body pressed against his last night. It would have been easy for John to slip a hand down Sherlock’s back to grope at his lovely arse, to pull him closer. Would Sherlock have gotten hard at the warm proximity of their bodies? Would Sherlock have been opposed to John’s hand sliding over his cock just as it slid over John’s own at the moment? Would Sherlock have allowed his hands to go wandering as well, those long fingers slipping down John’s pyjamas and settling themselves between John’s legs?
The shot rings true, screaming through the little room. The man jerks to the side in a spray of blood, twitching and flopping about on the floor. Sherlock sucks in air—a violent, rattling gasp—and you’re at his side in an instant, turning him, hands on his back as he wheezes and chokes.
“Sherlock…” John started.
the text read.
“Good,” he says, “because I would quite like to fuck you on my very nice mattress.”
“That’s how it will be,” Sherlock said.
The route they followed was less of an established path and more of a space where several people had walked before, the grass tamped down and the worn earth generally pointing in the same direction. The path took them away from the field in which the sheep grazed and began hugging the side of the mountain, the sharp incline of the Cró on one side and a steep drop into the surf on the other. John was never particularly afraid of heights, but he couldn’t help but be a bit wary of the cliffs to his immediate right, especially given the several warnings they received about how difficult it would be to reach them if they were in need of medical care. The path was narrow and John fell into step just behind Sherlock. He kept an eye on Sherlock’s footsteps, making sure he didn’t stray too close to the cliff’s edge. John didn’t care for the thought of Sherlock in high places anymore, considering his history with them.
He was about to do just that when a figure stepped out of the shadows.
,” John gasped in a voice Sherlock had never heard before, had never even imagined. “
John shook his head. “Unbelievable,” he said.
“Considering how much I ought to have harmed him for putting a bullet in my mate,” the man spat into the mobile, “I’d say he is in perfect condition at the moment. Now. The flash drive, Mister Holmes. You have it?”
“Sherlock,” John gasped, his voice light and foreign against the wind. He didn’t know what he was trying to say, what he wanted Sherlock to know. It sounded like
John did his best to calm his breathing. “You aren’t playing fair,” he said.
“I’m not sure I can bear losing him again,” John said aloud to whoever was listening, which appeared to just be Lucy at the moment.
“You and your bloody
“You’re mad,” John said. “You’re a bloody madman and a natural disaster and a catastrophic thing. A wildfire. A category-five hurricane, you are. And I love you. Think I’ve loved you since I first saw you, in fact.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “Why are the sheep murdered?” he asked nobody in particular. “What possible benefit could our werewolf get from killing the sheep?”
I’ve tried like hell to match your laugh
His pulse hammered through him. His whole body was shrieking, needing oxygen. His chest spasmed. His lungs wanted to breathe, demanded to breathe. They would overpower him soon, sucking in the sea instead of air and that would be the end of him. The water pounded against him at all angles with mangling force. The current tore at his hair, his clothes. His heartbeat thundered in his ears. He couldn’t move his legs anymore. Everything was a screaming pain. The red was turning to white. He thought of Sherlock.
Sherlock began to move away, his hand sliding from John, likely hoping to give him space while he slept. John caught Sherlock’s hand, holding it firmly to his chest.
“It’s a bad idea,” you say.
“Why did you come back?” Conor asked Sherlock. “Why didn’t you stay hidden, fighting crime somewhere?”
Sherlock opened his eyes, little drops of moisture sticking to his eyelashes. John had that look to him again, like Sherlock was some sort of precious thing, but Sherlock must have been mistaken about that look because in no version of reality was he deserving of that sort of reverence at the moment.
“We fit?” John asked.
Sherlock shifted. “You can let go of me, John,” he said.
An officer slipped Hugh’s pocketknife into an evidence bag. Another officer grasped Hugh by his cuffed hands and started moving him towards the police cars, explaining to him that he was being arrested. Hugh did not seem to be listening.
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to the ground. He scratched at his head. “It doesn’t matter,” he said.
Mary was escaping out the back.
Sherlock rocked back on his heels, a little wave of excitement. “It’s almost as if the point of him wasn’t to get the directions at all,” he said, “but rather to remind you of something.”
“Who says I’m aroused?” John asked, doing his best to sound bored. It didn’t come out quite right.
Sherlock, of course, wasn’t there to answer. He was dead. He had pitched himself off a building and broken himself on the pavement and John had seen him, had seen him fall and seen him dead and seen him buried.
Unfortunately, John was finding it a bit difficult to keep his promise this morning. Spending the previous day pretending to be Sherlock’s boyfriend, having Sherlock drape himself all over him while Hugh was showing them the cabin, being the recipient of Sherlock’s little innuendos and flirts—it all equaled out to a bit more than John could take. Sherlock’s head resting on his shoulder in the middle of the night alone was enough to have John’s fingers running up the length of his cock.
to build intrigue,” Sherlock said, “if the problem itself was intriguing.”
“Today?” John asked. His legs were aching from the constant hills, and his lungs were providing him with regular loud reminders about their capacity for air intake. He was feeling more than a little fatigued, but he reminded himself that he was recently removed of the contents of his stomach. He glanced around him. “How big is this island, anyway?”
was flirting. Sherlock was Sherlock.
“How are they so comfortable with you?” John asked. “Do you speak their language or something?”
John had said to him, wiping his mouth and doing his best to mask his smile with the back of a hand,
“I’ll never change my mind about you touching me,” John said, and licked a thick stripe up Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock gasped and his hands closed tight in John’s hair. John’s mouth moved along Sherlock’s cock, placing teasing kisses along his shaft, smiling at the sounds Sherlock made above him. If it meant that Sherlock was making those sounds, that John was pulling those sounds from him, John was keen to keep on doing this forever—mouthing at Sherlock’s cock, swirling his tongue around his head, taking the whole of him in, as deep into his throat as he could manage.
When he turned his head to the side, he found a sheep standing practically on top of him, staring at him with glassy, rectangular eyes.
The moonlight shone down on the space where Sherlock stood, casting him in a dim glow. His skin was pale at the best of times, but in the night it seemed other-worldly—glistening under a sheen of sweat and near-porcelain, scars and all. He spun about madly on the path, twisting in all directions, eyes scanning whatever visible parts of the island they could spy, and John could see every part of him flexing, all muscles firm and tense and ready for the attack. The pale light cut shadows into his skin, carving lines along his slender frame. The flash drive swung and bounced across his chest, the only speck of clothing on him, if one could call it that. He still had the gun clutched in one hand, the muscles of his arms tense, ready to draw and fire at a moment’s notice. The head-lamp dangled from the other hand, still lit but useless, the both of their vision having adjusted to the dark. Sherlock’s eyes were black in the night, his curls a wild tangle on his head. He looked the very definition of madness—standing naked in the middle of the field, face a frenzy, ready to pounce on any sort of danger, rabbit or man, that was so daft as to cross in front of him. He looked insane. He looked absolutely insane.
“It’s been a while since I’ve had a relationship with a man,” Sherlock said, “but I am fairly certain I remember the basic mechanics.”
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said. “It’s not really just that, you know…”
Sherlock was still smiling down at him. He wrapped his hands around John’s wrists and squeezed gently, rubbing at the backs of John’s palms with his thumbs. The wind had turned his cheeks fully pink now, but somehow his hands still felt warm against John’s.
He missed Sherlock again, John realized. He missed Sherlock, and he was only in the loo.
“Maybe no shouting in the morgue?” Molly suggested in a small voice. “You know. Out of respect.”
“This is where,” John said, “most people would say
“It’s what I do, John,” Sherlock said.
John didn’t mind the sarcasm. As much as he hated to admit it, he was mostly just texting to get a proof of life, anyway.
“Just here, right?” Darren called back to John. He pointed to the other side of the hill that bordered the field, a bit of the island that swooped into a bit of a C-shape.
The person in the mirror isn’t me,
,” he says, grabbing your arse with both hands and thrusting you into him. And you’re the one who bloody yelps as he shoves himself against you and starts you on a rough rhythm. You catch up quickly and move against him at the pace he sets but he doesn’t let go, fingernails digging into your arse, making certain you don’t let up.
John leaned closer, squinting at the picture. “How the hell can you tell
“Ah,” John said. “No.”
to waste my time with you in tow.
He considered, then tapped out a second text.
John rolled onto his back to return the bottle to the bedside table, momentarily slipping out of Sherlock’s arms as he stretched towards the side of the bed.
Sherlock slid a thumb into the waistband of his pants. He looked down at himself, then glanced up at John, uncertain. “Is this all right?” he asked.
Sherlock was staring down at the mattress. “Yeah,” he said. “It was clearly improvised, and the spontaneous nature of the act bolstered its realism.”
In truth, he was thinking of Sherlock.
“Temporarily dead,” Sherlock said, all eyes on his mobile. “I’ve got some German contacts too, but more centralized in Hamburg. Never quite made it to Frankfurt, I’m afraid. Pity. I hear the Alte Oper is lovely. So.” He looked up at John and grinned, that pretending-to-be-a-sociopath grin. “Fingers crossed for Amsterdam.”
Sherlock lined his cock against John’s entrance, making little circles around John’s hole, teasing him. John made an impatient noise and shoved his hips backwards, sinking his arse onto the head of Sherlock’s cock. John gasped and his eyes widened, his fingernails scratching into the rough brick in front of him. Sherlock slid further into John and John’s head tipped forward, forehead smacking against the wall.
Without warning, the boy on the playground let out a horrified cry. He scampered to his feet, tears streaming down his face. He dashed away from Rosie, arms outstretched, racing towards his mother. He was yelling something about his body not being covered in flies. Rosie looked utterly confused.
“A place for a werewolf to emerge,” Sherlock said.
I’ve colors for your jumpers,
“The other night,” Sherlock said. “At the pub.”
At that, an irritated knocking—five raps, loud and sharp and sudden—vibrated the wall just behind them. Someone disgruntled cleared their throat with purpose.
Raise a glass to middle fingers,
5213939102748800241
Sherlock looked as if he were contemplating the merits of taking John to A&E at the moment. “In that case,” he said. “I am glad for the opportunity to correct you.”
“That’s the sort of tone,” John said, “that makes me a touch jumpy. And when I get jumpy, my fingers start to tense.” He twitched his gun slightly. “On your knees. I think we’ll both feel a whole lot better with you on your knees and your hands behind your head.”
need to look for the werewolf. “I need a wash. And something to eat. You have your mobile. Text me if you need me.”
John watched Lestrade walk away on his fake phone call, brows still furrowed. That had been a bit odd, now hadn’t it?
—when she finds out.” John was nearing shouting again. “She could leave me, Sherlock. She could leave and take Rosie and she’d have every right to. I could lose my family because of that night.”
“How do you mean?” John asked.
and oh—I’ve nothing but time.
John squinted. Indeed, there was a little circular bump in the fabric of the jumper that could just be seen on the child’s upper arm. John hadn’t noticed it at first, but now it was all he could see. He shook his head. “Brilliant,” he said.
You follow.
John was far too tired to be touched by whatever sort of gesture this was, but he was also far too tired to put up any sort of fight. “Fine,” he said. He motioned up the stairs. “Let me get changed first.”
, the man with the microphone on the telly said.
Sherlock smiled. He ran a hand over John’s face. “That’s who you’ve got.”
was about.
“I really think you’re someone I can trust, John,” Gilly said. “Am I right? Can I trust you?”
Sherlock slipped on a pair of gloves and knelt down next to the carcass, gently poking through the remains. John sighed. This meant that he was expected to join Sherlock by the dead sheep, despite how little he wished to do so at the moment.
Sherlock peeled himself away from John, lifting himself onto his knees on the bed. “Best attend to him,” he said. “He’ll need to be fed, I suppose. I doubt he’s had any success with the rabbits.” Sherlock glanced down at his bare torso, rubbing at the mess of semen smeared across his stomach, starting to dry at the edges.
“Right,” John said. “So the plan is to hide ourselves away in some rental cottage until a serial killer comes to find us.”
“I didn’t say it was a good vision,” Sherlock said. He turned a page in the journal and pointed at a line of writing. “Hmm.
Sherlock seemed to have been awake for ages, clearly had already washed up, and likely already had his morning tea. John, it would seem, was to have none of those things.
*           *           *
Sherlock nodded again, a fast, tight movement, and John felt Sherlock’s chest expand behind him, shuddering yet deep. Sherlock’s arm was still clenched over John’s chest.
“I…” Sherlock swallowed. “Is that… That is, are you…?” He swallowed again. He had never felt less articulate in his life. “Do you want me to?”
The crime scene was a whirlwind, as recent explosions always prove to be. The bomb squad arrived in their cumbersome suits, poking through the debris with rather more caution than was needed around bombs that had already detonated. Medics were keen on thoroughly examining the two of them through every means they had available, seeming insistent that they be taken to hospital and only backing down after John told them precisely and in no uncertain terms where they could shove their recommendations. The police had
“And what did he say about you texting him at half-two on Christmas?”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively, still snapping pictures on his mobile.
or with a vague flip of their hands. Sherlock turned into a passive-aggressive monster whenever she was even so much as mentioned, alternating between hurling hurtful little barbs at John’s direction or giving him the silent treatment. On the few occasions John actually brought Gilly by the flat, he swore that Sherlock intentionally trashed the place, spreading god-knows-what experiment he was doing with who-knows-how-old of human remains across the entirety of the flat. On three separate occasions, Gilly’s number and several photographs of her mysteriously vanished from John’s phone, and—although he couldn’t prove it—he had a fair idea of who the culprit was.
John bent over double, bracing himself on his knees as his lungs screamed at him. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he wheezed.
“Tell me,” Sherlock said. “How long exactly did you know Mary before you decided to propose? A matter of months? And how long before the two of you grew tired of each other and you decided to slink back to Baker Street with me? How long do you think it’ll be before you propose to this next one, do you suppose? Weeks? And how long do you think that marriage will last? Should I consider renting out your room after you leave, or do you think you’ll be back before your bedding gathers dust?”
“You don’t do this sort of thing very often,” you say, gesturing between the two of you. You say it partly because you need it to be true, because the thought of him with anyone else makes your stomach turn sour, but mostly because you know it’s true. You know that, for him, you are an anomaly.
Sherlock looked up as John entered the bedroom. His knees were drawn up to his chest and his back was sunk against what looked to be nearly every pillow on the bed and the strangest thing about the situation was how strange it
“You two lads be sure to make use of that fireplace,” Hugh said, winking at them as he and Birdy walked off. John felt himself flush again.
Mary pointed at the sketches. “Emily is still on about the cut of the dress,” she said. “All the other bridesmaids like it of course, but Emily insists—”
“It doesn’t hurt anymore,” John said. “None of it hurts anymore.”
“No,” Sherlock said. John didn’t understand—he couldn’t be here; he was in danger. “You have to leave.” He swallowed. “I don’t want you here.”
Brennan nodded at them. “I hear you two caught yourselves a werewolf,” he said.
Sherlock’s eyes met his. John could see the danger in there, the promise of a maelstrom that would tear the world to pieces. “John,” Sherlock whispered.
John sighed. He tapped a knuckle against his temple. “That’s how you knew?”
“He’s hacked into the security system,” Sherlock breathes. “He can deactivate the system remotely, can work all the doors and locks as needed.” He smiles. “He’s clever, this one.”
John moved closer, kneeling just in front of Sherlock.
John knew that he was no longer at basic-training levels of physical fitness, but he wouldn’t consider himself out of shape either. Chasing criminals throughout the city—sometimes literally—with Sherlock also kept him in some degree of athleticism. However, halfway up the rocky climb he found himself nearly wheezing, his head swimming and his legs begging for mercy. Conor and Fitz had already made it to the top and were looking down at them, patient. John considered that it was nonsensical to become angry at a child over all this.
who knew something, John thought. Some last remaining member of Sherlock’s homeless network who would know how to keep good surveillance, who could give John the answers he needed. John was ready to give them the entire contents of his wallet. He would take them to the bloody cash machine if needed.
