"I'm getting less bruises so it's working?" Matt's grin is infectious. Tony can't help but smile back. "While you're here, might as well save myself the phone call. AIM's been operating at one of the warehouses near Lucy's for a couple of weeks now. I've been trying to get wind of what they're doing, but all I know is that there's lots of machinery and chatter about alien tech. You might want to take a look as that’s right up your alley. Let me know if you need my help or when you're moving in. I don't like not knowing who's in my Kitchen."
They were having lunch in Tony’s tent and Bruce was lingering so that he didn’t have to go out in the near-daily rain shower, one drawback to the Savage Land weather that Tony much appreciated otherwise.
“Not to worry.” Tony walked over to a tent. “I bet you I can rig up a flying machine. There has to be parts around here. You go and find a hot air balloon -- they must have one for locating the dinos.”
"Disguises are a thing, honey." Steve grins. "A cap, some shades and maybe a scarf would do the trick. He's got different facial hair that you already don't look all that much alike unless you look closely."
She yawned and settled down at his feet to watch the people pass by like colorful butterflies. Steve had been asked about his cat-sized dinosaur and how people could get one of their own. He only shook his head and said that Redwing was one of a kind. Besides, their team dismantled the smuggling ring so there would be no more stealing wild dinosaurs for the pet trade.
“With the Hammer weapons, whatever they stole from Stark Industries, the Pym control collars and the vibranium, AIM could create a velociraptor army to invade anywhere.”
“No, all the signs point to it. Defeat the army and we can get back to the kissing part of the expedition plans.”
The specimens were crated up, the trash and debris burned, and the tents and other equipment neatly stowed away on the ship. Steve steeled himself for the final plan.
Behind him, there was a stunning view of the city stretching down to the harbor. Once Tony was settled into his seat, T’Challa rattled off an order to a waiting man, likely a waiter. Tony didn’t know a single word of Xhosa so lunch was going to be a surprise. Then T’Challa dismissed everyone else from the room.
abstract enough, so i messed around with transform effects to warp it, and - tada! ^^’ (i hope it fits the prompt ok!!)
"We're having a two for one sale today, MODOK! Take it or leave it." Stark mocks as he repulsors it in the face.
Steve pats his back and hugs him a second longer. "Maybe next time you'll bring Sheriff Oblivious with you."
“I made inquiries back in Port City,” Natasha added. “Turned up some information. Nakia has some additional ideas.”
They landed a safe distance outside the other camp and carefully picked their way to a secure watching spot.
“If it’s one thing we learned on this expedition, it’s that Redwing is one smart cookie,” Tony added. “She knows which side her bread is buttered on.”
Tuesday afternoon, as he sets up his canvas facing towards the windows, back to the door, Steve texts Tony: ‘I’ll be in painting studio today, come hang out?’ He knows Tony’s done with classes for the day, so he probably will. Sure enough, the phone buzzes a few minutes later with a response. Time passes, and at some point after Steve’s lost himself in working on his painting, Tony wanders into the room with a cheerful greeting that Steve absentmindedly replies to. The studio is empty but for Steve and his piece and his portfolio, and Tony sets down his things on a nearby chair before coming over, leaning gently on Steve;s left shoulder, and watching his friend work for a moment.
Premise is awhile after this 616-based-au universe’s cw, where their steve died, their tony was supposed to be fighting Thanos or something w/ the gauntlet, but accidentally brings a steve back from the dead using the infinity gems!
The ship steamed close to the harbor. Sam pointed out to Steve that the harbor entrance had changed compared to the last time an expedition had come. The ship captain slowed down to navigate through the sandbars and then weighed anchor where he still felt confident that the ship would not scrape the bottom.
It was getting hot and Steve unexpectedly stripped down to his undershirt. The thin fabric clung to every single muscle on Steve’s strong back. Tony nearly crushed Redwing’s ball in his hands until a squawking Redwing pecked his hand to drop it.
"Yep. Got shrapnel in my chest. Built an electromagnet to keep me from dying. The reactor powers the magnet. Also powers the suit. Sometimes I charge my phone here too." He lifts his t-shirt to show his chest.
Rogers blinked. “You are the best choice,” he said as if there weren’t any other choices. Tony could name over twenty scientists in less than five seconds who would jump at the chance to work with Rogers. He was not one of them.
“It means that they are going to destroy our friends and they have nothing to worry about,” Steve replied. “We need to get back to camp fast. But it’s a few hours by row boat.”
"We noticed," Tony points out, analysing the energy signatures and cross referencing with his own list.
It was always like this when Rogers appeared in public. Tony had seen it enough times to be thoroughly disgusted by the show. Finally, the applause died down, the lights dimmed and the curtain rose.
"I wanted to focus on that, but after the debacle with Obie, I left Pepper to deal with the company. They're into communications and medical technology now." Tony is still ashamed of the way he left Pepper and Rhodey to deal with the fallout but he couldn't look at all that his family had built and not want to blow it all up. "I left the company in good hands. I'm just a mechanic now."
And then Tony spent some time with Wilson. Tony had been drafted into the survey work of the Savage Land with Barton and Lang, who needed something to do. Wilson turned out to have excellent and unparalleled observational talents. Much like Barton himself. Except that Wilson was far more fun and interesting to spend time with as Tony suspected that Wilson had a mischievous streak much like himself.
They said nothing as they smashed the irons with all their might, until finally they broke free. They hastily scrambled up higher on the cave rocks.
some weird early 616 based identity prn thing where steve still doesnt know tony is ironman, except somehow both steve and tony wind up with amnesia so they dont know who they are (and they’ve been magicked to the middle of nowhere together)
Taking the initiative, Miss Maximoff said, “I have a customer for this one so we’re going to take it.”
Everyone had heard of the mysterious Wakanda, land of a misty distant mountain and advanced technology. T’Challa had made it clear that while he supported the expedition as he had supported earlier expeditions sponsored by the New Explorers’ Club, he was refusing entry into Wakanda proper. Instead the air hips were landing at a terminal at a port within the Wakandan protectorate.
Then he tapped the table with his pencil. “I am considering asking Wanda and Pietro Maximoff to join us.”
"Me too." Stark smiles at him, not the slightest bit judgemental or angry. “He’s a one of a kind guy.”
"You ready?" Steve asks with that easy smile of his, hands holding Tony's shoulders. He's so calm, which helps steady Tony too.
“I’d say about a day. Last time I was here, getting into the harbor was tricky. There’s a reason no one has settled this land.”
The next few minutes go by with a lot of bullets and repulsor blasts as he cuts a swathe through the corridors leading to the underground facility. He knows the Avenger have reached the area when he hears the Sheriff direct Clint and Natasha to take care of the boots on the ground. Doctor Banner mans ship, both as a precaution and as a deterrent to anyone crazy enough to try and hijack the Avenger.
“That can’t be legal or good for the dinosaurs,” Tony muttered. He flicked his fingers, thinking of all that could go wrong. “While I’m gone, keep track of that brontosaur, make sure it’s taken care of and find a home when it needs one.”
Tony's mouth opens and closes in an attempt to say something but he finally settles on, "I don't want to be rude but I need to hear the whole story."
“Now, for the food. Come in, come in.” T’Challa waved in the long line of servers. “I am eager to show you the best we can offer.”
"Maybe? I don't know. I don't ask questions. The higher ups are scary. Please, I'm just a scientist. They told us we're developing new technology. We never thought any of this was illegal."
“Are you sure this isn’t going to cause a problem at Empire State?” Tony asked his friend sitting next to him. Scott Lang had found a collection of random chairs all over the ship for the science team’s use.
Tony can hear fighting in the background. "The scientist in charge is Doctor Killian. Probably AIM's Aldrich Killian. They should've picked a totally different name if they wanted to hide behind a dummy corporation. No creativity at all."
"You broke him, you bought him, Stark." Bucky chimes in, leaning from behind Steve. His eyes flick over both of them then settle back on Tony. "When are you coming back? This punk has not been sleeping or eating since you got sucked into the portal. I don't have the patience to deal with this shit. You're his partner. It's your responsibility now."
Laughter punches out of him. He can't help it. This is more than just a pat on the back. More than he's ever hoped for. Tony launches himself at Steve and is easily caught in welcoming arms.
Wanda’s shoulders relaxed. “You haven’t let me down,” she said. “It takes time to find the real criminals. I can be patient.”
Tony scrolls through the findings and readouts on the console attached to the portal. "They managed to send a few items through the portal. At one point they tried to get a reading by tying a camera and sending it through. The camera shorted out. Then the power source died. Seems like they were planning to send someone through at some point. We probably saved some poor bastard from being jettisoned into the unknown. I'm shutting this down until we can get it somewhere safe."
"You're lucky you dodged debrief," Clint says. "I'm gonna take a shower and order take-out. Who wants pizza?"
"But it worked?" He drops the scientist in front of a console before the portal. "Who's in charge of this project?"
Stark is laughing even as Steve greets the newcomer. "Hey, Matt. What brings you out of Hell's Kitchen?"
Steve shakes his head, looking both reigned and amused, if a little bit annoyed. "I was not going to yell at you. Be quiet and let me finish. I was going to say I missed you and that Bucky was right. I was miserable."
On the day of departure, Tony arrived with his luggage, tools and other scientific equipment. Only the best for his team. Which now included Jane Foster, recommended by Mr. Odinson. She was an astronomer with a Club endorsement.
AIM soldiers piled out of the camp. Steve grabbed a large stick from the ground and jumped in front of Tony protectively. Tony threw a grenade from his pack, which bounced but didn’t explode. “I think we’re in trouble,” he said.
But then his attention was diverted by sharp whispers between Pym and his daughter Hope who had joined their table. As far as Tony could tell, Pym was agitated about something Hope had said over dinner. Pym talked in hushed tones during Rogers’ talk.
“And I stopped because Hammer was stealing from other inventors. I haven’t worked with him for years.” Tony was so angry he nearly vibrated.
“Short trip by airship, long trip by cargo ship, then six weeks in the jungle or more, it will fly by,” Tony said.
“My people investigating the vibranium have followed the ring from the leak in Wakanda to this port. As far as we have learned, the vibranium was then loaded onto a ship headed to the Savage Land. But yet, we have found nothing about that ship since it left. We have contacts everywhere and yet, the ship disappeared. No one has heard a single thing about since it left this port.”
"Friend Tony!” a large booming voice comes out of nowhere. “It is nice to finally meet your counterpart. I am Thor Odinson, God of Thunder!"
“Hmmmm. We can talk about it more.” Sam fished out a letter from his coat pocket. “Someone slid this letter through the mail slot this afternoon.”
Steve wished he understood Tony more. He’d picked up that Tony didn’t like him much at the beginning and now they were just bridging the gap between. Just as Steve was thinking of what it would be like to kiss Tony. He had no confidence that he’d be able to see Tony like this back in New Timely. Tony was a busy, busy man.
Steve cautiously peeked over the edge of the basket. “About a mile. Clint and Sam are throwing up some barricades.”
He had faced this exact situation before. He knew what to do. He tapped meaningfully on the map. “We’ll leave Thor to protect this camp. They have to know that we’re already here -- all they have to do is avoid us and we’re none the wiser. We need to send a scouting party to determine what we’re facing.”
Tony did not like that uneasy sudden feeling that something was not on the up-and-up with the expedition or that Steve Rogers was holding back information from him. Last time he’d had those feelings, he’d been left for dead in the wilderness.
“He’s a very popular speaker, you are too, and the Annual Dinner is a fund raiser for the Club.” Pepper sighed. “I know Captain Rogers is not one of your favorite people, but you could do it for the club? Both of you together would be a major draw for the Dinner.”
"Oh God. Tony! Are you okay? Where are you? We were so worried. I was so--" He hears Steve take a deep breath and let it out, steadying himself. "Where are you, Tony?"
Natasha was throwing the first set of Tony’s crude bombs. The noise, smoke and fire quickly began to cause chaos among the dinosaurs. Steve ran back and forth between the Thor’s groups and Tony’s, checking on supplies and how people were holding up.
The ship’s bell rang. Van Dyne had made arrangements for a very lovely dinner, with all the appropriate settings and had even made place cards. For once, Tony had not been seated next to Rogers, but between Romanoff and Wilson. Rogers was sitting with Bruce and Thor. Van Dyne had also asked people to sing after dinner as the after-dinner entertainment.
"We don't know! We could never get it to work right," the man stammers, shaking. "The power source isn't compatible."
Steve nodded grimly. This felt like that war all over again, with the same players and the same missions. He didn’t want to dwell on the dark thoughts he’d had on the trip. That he’d fought that war for nothing.
At first nothing happened. But first one, then another, and then more of the velociraptors bucked and threw their riders into the dirt. The herd of animals ran roughshod over the fallen AIM soldiers as they fled into the jungle.
The rest of the expedition quieted immediately, sensing a fight brewing. Tony looked over at Rogers who had sat up wary and ready to jump.
After lunch was served and T’Challa mentioned that he had to get ready for his return home, Rogers asked, “Have your people heard anything about exotic animal smuggling?”
Tony did like the new buildings back in New Timely -- one for studying and lab space for scientists in need of library resources and places to work, another for club business and the third for the club museum. He’d particularly liked the museum, given the number of successful fundraising campaigns he had run for it. But he hadn’t thought about the exhibits. Though some snippets of conversations with the museum director came back to mind. “The museum director wants to have some rotating exhibits besides the regular installations. They only got a portion of the old museum’s collections in the family divorce if I remember correctly.”
Overall, dinner was not bad and the whole thing was rather diverting. Until Barton and Lang got into an argument.
He tried to pull the door shut, but Redwing pushed a little harder and bounded out of the cabin. The little dinosaur pecked Tony’s leg and squawked at him. “You brought your dinosaur along?”
When he returned with a bucket of canisters from Tony, Hope pulled him aside. “We need to disrupt the control collars somehow, maybe destroy the main controls.”
The expedition would end, they always did, and Steve didn’t want this to end, his quiet reflective evenings with Tony talking about books or the weather or what Tony did that day.
The first line of dinos crashed right into Steve’s trap, tripping over the rope line and crashing into each other. Sam and Steve dashed madly back into the camp, each grabbing a gun as they ran.
The concert took everyone’s mind off the dinner argument with a lot of laughter and group singing. As Tony returned to his cabin, he saw Rogers deep in conversation with both Lang and Barton. Barton shook Lang’s hand.
She nodded to Tony, then turned to the coat check. Great, now he had to deal with Rogers and his mysterious friend. Rogers glanced down at the floor before awkwardly saying, “I wish we’d met again under better circumstances --”
He turned to Obadiah Stane, his father’s old friend, for help. The partnership worked great -- Stane ran Stark Industries while Tony created and invented and had fun. Stane convinced him that going on an expedition to the deserts east of Wakanda would be good publicity for both the company and for the Explorers’ Club.
Tony shouldn’t have any thoughts about Steve like that. Admittedly, he had thawed some towards Steve to the point of being willing to call him Steve now. But that first meeting with the Captain long ago had left a bad taste in Tony’s mouth. Tony could remember clearly what that meeting had been like. Steve had been stand-offish and not appreciated the coffee maker Tony had just designed.
Wilson reported that two additional crates were found broken into. “Crates from the camp supplies hold,” he clarified to Rogers and Tony. They were meeting again in the ready room.
a very short and rushed talk post cacw… discussing an interpersonal issue. tony is allowed to be angry and upset and hurt, and steve is not evil for hurting him… tony doesn’t have to forgive him. steve feels uncomfortable talking abt this, bc it feels like he is trying to excuse his actions re: tony and he doesnt want to do that, and talking abt ur anxiety and illogical decisions is always awkward..tony understands. aand this mini comic comes nowhere near to tackling all the issues but shrugs!
“Are -- are those dinosaurs outfitted with Gatling guns?” Tony asked, pointing to the thirty-odd dinosaurs below them.
Due to the sudden nature of the expedition, the team had been allotted a small room, already filled with spare equipment from other expeditions. Tony could smell the dust when Rogers unlocked the door.
"We've had quite a few encounters with our other selves in the past." Stark leans back in his chair at the kitchen table, more relaxed than Tony is given the circumstances. "There's even a council of Reeds that deal with these shit everyday."
Tony slipped his hand into Steve’s and leaned over to say, “I hear that there’s a big full moon in the sky tonight. You want to go see?”
It didn’t take long for Tony to rig up a raft system based on rope and pulleys to move supplies to land from the ship. “Saves a lot of rowing effort,” Tony explained. He’d been complaining about sore arms from all the work.
Not that he was going to dwell on the fact that he discovered the wonders of Steve Rogers in his shirtsleeves or less clothing. A couple of days ago, he had, by sheer accident mind you, walked by Steve taking a bath in a nearby pond. Steve had noticed him and they talked as Steve floated in the pond, clearly in the all together.
Rogers said, “The Savage Land is extensive and mostly unexplored -- I can’t guarantee we could find what you are looking for.”
Tony preferred not to remember at all. Thor had edged out Tony for the win on a question about storm clouds and lightning. “I over-thought it, Rogers.”
They’re on a train that’s packed tight, when Steve suddenly has a bit of an epiphany- wait a moment. To properly explain the significance of this epiphany, I really have to go backwards first:
"I'm sending Sam and Bucky after the trucks," Steve replies. "We're almost there, Tony. Two minutes."
And he means to… but he keeps losing his nerve every time there’s a good opportunity. And trying to figure out when and how to ask Tony on a date means Steve’s head is up in the clouds, not down on Earth. Well, we can blame this on the creative Zone, not his pining, I suppose, if we want to be factual about this.
“Let’s not talk about Stane.” Tony involuntarily shuddered at the name. “Don’t get into any trouble while I’m gone.”
“I hope that you can do something, anything. We know all about your history, Captain Rogers -- champion and hero. I can only do a little here and there, like rescue little ones like our friend there. But this needs to stop.”
"Video quality will improve soon. I'm calibrating the system. Just keep talking to him until we stabilize," Reed informs them as he types into the keyboard on the other side of the console. Honestly, Tony's forgotten he's there.
“I don’t know much about him. All we’ve talked about is the Great Zeppelin War,” Rogers said, with a slightly pained look on his face. “Thor?”
Tony looks at this universe's Steve again, noting the differences to his own. For one, this Steve is massive. Has shorter hair too. And according to Stark was infused with a serum which gives him superhuman strength, agility, and reflexes, as well as enhanced his above average intellect. And also, it seems everyone here is a superhero.
“You don’t have to like the man -- though I don’t understand why you don’t -- but you don’t have to turn tail and avoid him either,” Rhodey said.
The two quickly found that not only could working together lead to better understanding of the work and better grades, but they also got along swimmingly. And the rest, as we say, is history. Well, alright, there’s more to it than that. They became class-friends, and from there became true friends, spent time hanging out around campus or off-campus together, they became friends with each other’s friends, and worried about their friendship surviving the end of that class. They needn’t have worried, because it did.
Thor coughed and said, “I have been keen to find where ancient Asgardian artifacts have disappeared.”
Scott admitted to getting tips from Rogers for his photographs. For some reason, Scott had been designated the camp photographer. Then again, Scott was also the designated odd job person as he had no particular reason to be on the expedition except that Hope wanted him there. He wasn’t half bad with the photographs.
Tony took a deep breath and put on his top hat, tapped his cane, and adjusted his coat as he and Rhodey stepped out into the street. The sidewalk cafes were filled with people and even some stores were open late in hopes of catching the attention of passersby. “We need to work on replacing gaslight with something more reliable,” Tony observed as Rhodey looked over the books on display in a bookstore window. “And less flammable.”
“Smuggling of exotic animals -- there’s a market near the docks no one notices. No one respectable goes near.” She dropped her shoulders. “My family knows ways to move cargo around without government involvement.”
Rogers narrowed his eyes but still sat straight up in his chair, his hand still on the table. “Director Fury asked me about leading another expedition but did not explain the details.”
“Maybe,” Miss Maximoff replied, with a glint in her eye. “Does it matter if animal lives are on the line?” She looked around again, clearly still uneasy about the courtyard. “I need to show you.”
Stark is laughing his ass off as MODOK keeps ranting about it's superiority. "You hurt his feelings, man. His ego's as big as his head."
"I suggest you answer the man before he pries you out of that tin can," other Tony tells him. Just then, more familiar faces rush into the room.
Stark and Tony stare at Steve's ass until he's out of the kitchen. Stark sighs dreamily. "It's true. America's ass is to die for."
Tony’s quiet for a while after that, but when Steve packs away his paints and carefully locks up the artwork, his friend bounces up and starts chatting away about time and trains and Steve shakes off the vague worry.
He was in the cold void when the revolution came to the New Explorers’ Club. Fury gave Steve one version, he learned the other side on his own. Money, purpose and gatekeeping doomed the old club. Janet Van Dyne, her husband Hank Pym and their friend Bill Foster had led the first salvos over who could belong to the club, just a few months after Steve fell from the zeppelin. Ironically the final break came after a fight over appropriate exhibits in honor of the Great Zeppelin War hero. Though Steve had heard one story where the fight leading to the old club breaking into two was really over whether or not lantern slide presentations were allowed for Club sponsored lectures. Dr. Foster smiled and told Steve that academic fights were weird, petty and vicious.
“You trust them? Van Dyne and Lang?” Tony looked dubiously at the messenger bag that had clearly seen better days and was now held together by patches and pins.
"Non-Earth. Possibly Kree," Sam taps into the comms. "They weren't here long enough to find out, and they were on the clock, so that's what we're here for."
He should have a more favorable opinion about Captain Rogers, given that the man was in fact a living legend. But Tony had seen and experienced enough in his life to doubt the faces people presented and to dig for the real person hidden by the facade. He wasn’t going to be taken in because people told him what a good person Captain Rogers was.
“Can’t stop me. I’ve lodged a complaint with the Cargo Ship Trivia Contest Judging Association already. I have suspicions about that question.”
Despite all the accolades, meeting Rogers in the flesh was more disappointing. Tony hadn’t quite known what he expected when he shook the man’s hand and said welcome back. Rogers looked like he’d stepped right out of the history books and propaganda posters. But when he opened his mouth and said something about Howard, Tony chalked him up to being like dozens of others he’d met before. Since that meeting a couple of years ago, Tony just didn’t understand why anyone would consider the man special at all.
Tony sighed and got up for a walk outside. Given the odds and his luck, it was probably still rainy. It was a terrible idea to go out on deck but he was now all riled up.
The rest of the Avengers trickle into the living room like tired ducklings, most of them making their way over to pour themselves some margarita while Sam heads to the kitchen to get food. It's funny how their team is the same name as his ship and that their Sam is so young!
Jarvis from Tony's HUD and Jarvis from the Avenger feed them coordinates from where the ship is docked at a SHIELD outpost. Reed's portal is reliable since his team uses it frequently.
Tony banished any further thought of Rogers from his mind to pay attention to the show. It would have helped if Rogers actually laughed or applauded at the show. Rogers sat unnaturally still like a doll in his best suit and cravat, pretty as a picture and just as lively. Tony watched the show go on in absolute misery and was glad to slink out after the final curtain, leaving Rogers to be mobbed by the adoring crowd.
The sharp crack of wood snapped Tony to attention. He walked around the supply tents, narrowing down the tent with the noise. The saboteur was at work again. Tony gritted his teeth. The noise was coming from the next tent just ahead and around the corner. He slowed down and crept closer to the tent. The tent flap had been untied and Tony could open it without being noticed.
Tony held the leash while Redwing, who had decided that the rain was terrible, shivered against the safety of Tony’s legs. Rogers got up gracefully despite the slippery wood deck but he was dripping wet. Tony spoke before he thought it over. “Come on, let’s get you dried off.”
(thinking 616 or AA but could be any verse. also, spy the polaroid of little tony holding a paper shield!)
“No one. I’ve been working on this promotion and it’s at a delicate point -- so, no, I can’t go traipsing off through the jungle right now. No matter how fun it sounds.”
He trusts Tony. He just doesn't like it when he's out there flying solo. From now on, no one on the team gets sent out without a partner. No matter what Fury says. He's so focused on his worries he doesn't hear Jarvis' alert.
“The smuggling of exotic animals into New Timely. I talked to a lawyer and he couldn’t find any laws about it.” She wrung the handkerchief in her hands over and over. “I thought that since you are involved with the Explorers’ Club and that you’ve spoken out about exploitation and all that, maybe you could help.”
“I see that my wife has whimsically decided to sit us next to each other. In case she is not sufficiently entertained by the evening’s program.”
Tony wishes he could have that too. Now that he's seen how good it can be, he wants this with his Steve. He's just not sure if it's a good idea to try. Things could get awkward fast if Steve rejects him.
The whole street was busy with people out enjoying the sweet summer evening. They had been seated outside, which Sam loved. He loved people watching and flirting when he could. Steve sipped his wine and listened to Sam point out people in the street and the carriages rumbling by.
“My brother and I are here to find out who has been smuggling dinosaurs to New Timely and other cities,” said Wanda.
Steve continued. “I value group cohesion and it’s important for us to work together. We’ll need to trust and have each other’s back in the Savage Land. If you have doubts about the expedition, arrangements can be made in Port City --”
T’Challa tipped his head forward, acknowledging the comment. “Yet, my interpretation of what has been found so far seems to me to indicate only a few possibilities. There is no city in the Savage Land, not even a colony or rudimentary port. There remain numerous dangers that discourage exploration and settlement. So the ship could only pull into one harbor.”
“Would you want to go to the Guggenheim tomorrow, and then maybe go to the cafe nearby afterwards for lunch?” Tony asks. Something pings in the back of Steve’s brain, but he’s too focused. He knows he doesn’t have anything on Wednesdays, and Tony’s just got a morning session.
Steve quickly picked the knots on Tony’s ties and freed Tony’s arms. “Great -- grab those rocks right there,” Tony said. “Smash the joints on the leg irons -- the welds look poor.”
Tony turned to look at Bruce, who had screwed up his face as he pulled together his thoughts. “I mean, I don’t think that this is much different from other expeditions I’ve been on. But it feels different.”
They were now alone in the saloon. “I had hoped to keep news of my pet quiet -- I hadn’t told the rest of the expedition that Redwing was here.”
“Maybe not,” Wilson said hopefully. “There could be a reasonable explanation here for the open crates.”
Rhodey continued, “Carol’s best friend has two --- miniature triceratops, I think -- they’re great around her daughter and Monica loves them to pieces.”
And then there was the whole debacle with choosing classes for the upcoming semester- I’ll summarize it by saying that they each tried to suggest classes to the other so they’d end up in the same ones, and then it turned out they each picked the ones the other suggested, and didn’t share a single one. And if that couldn’t rock the boat, you’d think they’d realize nothing could. A year and a half down the line, best bros for life, Steve and Tony started falling in love. Of course the dim-wits wouldn’t believe the other feels the same way. That brings us to the events about to unfold.
Steve was knocking on the rocks as he moved further back into the cave. Tony followed him, clinging to the rocks as best he could. The sea water was roaring back and forth below them as the waves crashed into the cave.
“One of the reasons I like space is the lack of desert and sand. And yet… Here we are,” Tony grumps as he flies through the deserts of Sector 1872. He doesn't like the deserts. It reminds him too much of the time he almost lost Steve to assassins in Timely, which was, surprise, surprise, a desert town and outpost.
"Tony?" Tony's eyes shot open at Mary's voice. Well, it felt like they shot open, but his body was moving sluggishly, even his eyelids.
"Mmmmm," Mary touched her chin as she hummed. "I don't know, it's looks like Daddy is having fun. I don't know if I should stop it."
His hands tightened around Steve's and he closed his eyes tightly, forcing some of the tears to slide down his cheeks. "I don't want to celebrate my birthday, because that means I would doing something that might potentially be nice. I'm so scared that something is going to happen, to take that away from me. Something that will take you away, or Peter, or even Jamie. I don't want to take that chance."
He found the hatch sliding away suddenly, grunting when he was sliding across the cement. Tony looked up and stopped when he saw a gun inches away from his face. "I don't think I want you touching that," the man said. This man was different, he was still in black, but his clothes were more casual, less armor. This was one of the men in charge. His eyes flickered to Tony's chest, and Tony couldn't help but frown. He leaned his head a little and looked down, and saw what was so interesting. It also explained why Tony was feeling out of breath. It was stealing the power from the arc reactor. "Now, I really don't want you touching it."
"No," Tony whispered to himself. Howard was facing Peter, Peter who was crying, big tears sliding down his cheeks, holding his hands to his chest. "Get away from him!" The man turned and Tony felt the blood drain from his face. It wasn't Howard. Tony was looking at himself.
At the apartment building he could hear the TV on in Mary and Peter's apartment, and decided to knock on that door first. After a second Steve opened the door for him. "Hey, hope you don't mind, but we're gonna spend the night here." Tony said as he walked inside. The TV was on, but Peter wasn't sitting on the couch. He saw the bedroom light on in the boys’ room and figured that he was still packing some stuff. "Wade wanted to spend the night with his mom, and I said we would pick him up in the morning."
"Oh, Tony," she let out a flustered little sigh, but it almost sounded like she was smiling. "I was going to ask you that." Tony blinked a little at the admission. "Mary told me that you were back. I wanted to see how you were handling being back."
Fluuuuuff all around! There baby fluff, and Uncle fluff, and boyfriend fluff, and implied sex fluff! Fluff fluff fluff. Even teddy bears can't handle this much fluff.
"I have a feeling I know what's going to happen." They could hear the smirk in Pepper's voice. "I'll meet you over there in half an hour."
"Wade's mom is over there, and she may be an inpatient at the moment, because that Jackson she was trying find didn't actually make it and now she has no meds-" He stopped when Steve placed both hands on Tony's shoulder.
Steve turned and smiled at him, walking over to Tony and pulling his hand out of his pocket so their fingers could lace together. "Nothing smells burnt, there's no smoke or signs of a fire, and it all looks edible, so it must be amazing." Tony snorted softly. "Okay, but you have to admit it looks much better than what we had on our first real date."
"You have an incredible talent," William said to Steve as he looked at the drawing. "No wonder Peter is so good at art if you're the one teaching him." Tony turned a little to grin at Steve, seeing his cheeks turn a bit pink at the praise. He reached his arm out, grabbing Steve's arm and pulling him over to him and Peter.
"Santa did come! He knew where I was!" Peter jumped around and ran over to the presents, but not touching them. He let out a little squeak, and looked back over at Tony and Mary. "Mama! Daddy! Santa brought you presents too!" Tony blinked and looked over at Mary, who was looking at him with the same surprised look. They had both gotten each other presents, and neither had been expecting it. Maybe this Christmas wouldn't be so bad.
He watched Tony's nose twitch a little, before nodding a couple times. "Bad time at work," he mumbled, and Steve nodded. They both heard a whistle being blown and Steve looked across the street at Peter's school, and saw why the man was sitting where he was. "It's the closest I can get to him right now." Steve's heart broke a little at the older man's tone. He wanted to be with his son, but he didn't want to subject him too all the backlash that Stark was facing right now with the press. "I call him of course, but...."
"I'd like to offer the heartfelt words of, it's about time," William said with a smile. Coulson snorted softly with a smile, his arm around Mary's shoulders.
Tony took a breath, leaning against the bench. "Two is probably too young to have a fully functional drafting table, huh?"
“A big family breakfast?” Steve asked as he got up from his seat. Tony took a couple extra seconds before getting up as well, holding onto his mug.
“No,” Tony answered without hesitation, coming back out in a tank and some lounge pants. “No, any nightmares that I’m having are of the plain old, not physical, variety. Where I stay up too long, and my brain works too much. It can happen anytime. My brain doesn’t stop.”
"Since we've realized that your music horizons are shot to shit?" Steve pursed his lips a little, but he still wasn't handing over the food yet, and Tony's stomach was starting to make its wants known.
"So why didn't SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project?" Steve frowned a little when Bruce looked at him. "I mean, what are they doing in the energy business in the first place?"
"Look at you! You made it over to me!" Tony blew a raspberry on Peter's cheek and set him in his lap. "Mary, why didn't you tell me he had learned to walk?" He was secretly keeping a folder on his private server at home of all of Peter's firsts. It was something that Jarvis had suggested.
"I wanna know everything that's decided," Wade countered back, still hugging him tightly. Bruce and Sam silently stepped away, heading back towards the group by the tables.
"Even after getting your new build?" Tony said with a motion to his body. "You've got some hidden grace and footwork in there, I've seen it."
"Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations needed before an actual flight is-" Jarvis tried to talk some sense into his creator.
“Hydra,” Steve informed him, moving around to the side. The neighborhood was unusually quiet, and that only fed into his theory that most here were probably working with Wilson. “Hilda called me.”
"You're going to kill yourself Tony." She looked at him. The strong woman that she was, the only one that had been able to keep up with him. The only one he had for a long time. "I'm not going to be a part of it."
"What do you mean?" Steve took a step forward, brows crinkling together a little. Tony could have worded that better.
"Did you come all the way out here to tell me that?" Steve's fingers rubbed along Tony's knuckles. Tony's body always ran a bit warmer, thanks to the arc reactor, and Steve always tried to drink that in whenever he could. Tony shook his head a little and Steve shifted a little.
"Yeah, he does," Tony nodded, agreeing. "Do you miss her?" Peter nodded and Tony hugged him just a little tighter. "Yeah, I miss her, too."
Tony stumbled, almost falling to his face, when the water suddenly disappeared, leaving him standing in the sand of the desert. He covered his eyes from the sun and looked around, then saw two figures a few hundred feet away. "Daddy!" Peter, he was over there.
He had gotten to know Tony the father, then he found out that he was Howard's son, and he had trouble putting those two together, or maybe separating them. Was he really as mad at Tony as he thought he had been? Or was he just having his own issues with the identity reveal? They had worked well together during the battle, really well, and Steve had been devastated when thought that Tony was gone. Was that the wake up call his mind needed? He and Tony needed to have a talk, and even Steve knew that that was easier said than done.
Steve glanced at Mary, raising an eyebrow. "Dummy is the first robot that Tony built, and he often wields a fire extinguisher," Mary explained to him, like it made complete sense. Steve blinked, but turned his attention back to Peter. The little boy talked about robots, and his Daddy, until he was practically falling asleep at the table. Steve bid him goodnight as Mary picked him up, going to wash his face from ice cream, then tuck him in.
"Peter wanted to get a bunch of stuff for you," William said with a chuckle. He put a hand on Tony's shoulder, giving it a little squeeze. "Good to see you looking so well."
Tony looked down and thought he saw something rippling like water in the air, but the ball was gone again. “Iron Man, report.” Tony looked up and flew back up as Steve’s voice crackled through the comms.
"Your collection is getting pretty big now, isn't it?" Steve smiled at the boy. Peter had been over the moon when he found out that Steve had liked to draw as well, and he had been helping the young boy with some tips. He was surprisingly good for a five-year-old.
Steve took Tony's hand, wrapping his fingers around it and started to kiss every knuckle. "And this is something that I shouldn't even want, because it goes against my very nature," Tony continued, voice softer, watching Steve's mouth. "This cuddling, and little gestures, something that should make me uncomfortable, but then it's paired with your absolutely stubbornness. And there's a fire that thrives inside of you, and I'm like a moth attracted to a very good-looking flame. And I'm rambling, and you're not stopping me."
"I was requested to make it," she told him from across the table. "I'll be watching your loose hands, Anthony." Tony scrunched up his face when she used his full name.
A couple of men jumped forward, separating the woman, and Meg grabbed her phone, out of breath, and pressed back into the crowd that was gathering. "Use the commotion to get out of there," Tony said, not even sure if she could hear him. "Jarvis, does she have a Starkphone?"
"In October," Tony answered. "Right before Peter's birthday. We told Peter about it officially on Christmas Eve."
State, right, location. This bedroom was different, it wasn't nearly as familiar. "New York, I'm in the New York house."
"I think he's almost done. Not great yet, though," Wade said before walking into the bathroom. Peter scrambled from Tony's lap to follow his best friend, and crush, into the bathroom. Tony rolled his eyes a little before shutting them for a few seconds. As he shut them, he saw a little blonde girl, a toddler, with curly hair, running around. Bright blue eyes as she giggled, running as Steve chased her, both grinning. Tony sucked in a breath and his eyes shot open.
Tony narrowed his eyes up at the speaker a little. “Watch out, I’m already coding something. It wouldn’t take me more than a minute to go into your coding.”
"J, I need a kill switch solution here," Tony called out to his AI as he circled around, shooting the main door of the building that more assailants were about to file out of. An arrow arced over his head, landing inside the new opening, a small explosion sending the three people in the front back into a wall.
Steve sat back down on the bench, looking back over at the now empty playground, and the two swings still moving from where Peter and Wade had been swinging. He pulled out his sketchbook, and began to draw them.
"I feel like that's a question that I should be asking you. What are you doing?" Steve glanced at him.
“That’s kind of what I was hoping you would tell me,” Steve admitted quietly. “I’m already pretty lost with all this magic stuff, and with the fact that I know Loki is back, but can’t do anything about it right now. He’s the only one who has the most knowledge about what’s happening to Loki, and I’m not above trying to exploit that.” Steve ran a hand through his hair, glancing over at Tony. “I don’t know how long this is going to last. I don’t know what he’s going through right now, and there’s nothing I can do to help it. I’m feeling pretty helpless.”
“That is true. It’s a good thing that he liked Todd before hand. It’s lucky that he didn’t switch gears and start hating on him after they started dating,” Tony murmured the last part.
“I know for a fact that he’s going to come find you, because he wants to ask you something.” Tony leaned back against Steve. “If you want to take some time finding a shirt, I’m gonna get a shower real quick, then I’ll take over Jamie watching while Peter has a completely serious, and amazing, conversation with you.” He tilted his head back to look at Steve’s face, and kissed his jaw. “It’s only good, trust me. Now, watch the baby while I get naked and wet.”
"Yeah, you was always too small," Bucky said, looking down at the floor. Steve's ear perked at the Brooklyn accent though. "Always said you needed ta find a girl who'd take care of your punk ass." Steve turned to look at him. "I said you'd need a girl to take care of you when you never stopped gettin' in fights."
"Mmmm," Tony hummed with a little smile. "About time. She's been at the hospital for over a day. How are little Anthony and Stephanie?" Steve snorted a little. "I assume that we get naming rights."
William and Rachel walked into the room a moment later, Coulson putting down a new carafe of coffee, and a new mug in front of Tony. He managed to go through coffee like a thirsty man in the desert. "Hi Granpa! Hi Granma!" Peter waved, still sitting in Tony's lap. "I saved you seats over there," he said, pointing to the two empty seats.
Tony didn't hear his name being called as he ran through traffic, sliding over the hoods of a couple of cars. He ran past the first building, then ducked in the alley of the next one, lifting himself up onto a dumpster, and jumping up to grab the ladder of a fire escape. he heard the scuffled feet of the runner up above and Tony forced himself to move faster.
The blue, it was familiar in color, but as Tony's fingers brushed along the glow, the energy was all wrong. It wasn't the arc reactor technology. Tony tried to pull his arm back, but the light lashed out, wrapping around his wrist. It tugged and Tony stumbled forward. The light grew in size, more threads lashing out at him, wrapping around his body, until it was all Tony could see, feel, breathe...
"Sir has retreated down to the workshop." Steve groaned and pushed opened the door to the stairs, not bothering to wait for the elevator, the one that Tony may have made sure would stop at every floor except the workshop. He couldn't even blame Tony for being angry, hell, Steve was angry himself even if he knew that it was the best call.
"I think that was a motorcycle," Tony said, heading for the driver’s seat. "Didn't get a good look at it, so I can't tell you specifics-"
"I tried to time the explosions so that it would be either too slow, or too fast," Tony said quietly to him. "I tried to make easier for those who had seen war,..." he trailed off.
"We'll get the suit, Tony, don't worry," Steve tried soothing him. He looked over and saw the quinjet coming down, hovering just above the street. He picked up Tony again and ran for the jet, his shield already on his back. Natasha put her hand out, pulling the two of them on board and Clint was already off and headed back for the Tower. Tony's head lolled to the side, eyes closing as he passed out, the arc reactor dim, but still running.
He shook his head, trying to get away, he tried pushing in front of him. He just wanted to breathe, he needed to breathe!
Steve lounged against Arc, a sketchbook against his bent knees, while he drew Brave cleaning his wings. There was the ding of the door as Vee came back down from her weekend with Tony. She bounded over, shaking her fur, and Steve blinked. He reached over to take off the bow that was wrapped around her neck, with a note attached. Vee took off once the ribbon was gone, climbing on top of Arc, he just let out a puff of breath, keeping his head on his paws.
"You didn't ask." Mary didn't sound apologetic at all, this offended Tony's ego. "Steve is perfectly happy to babysit, he doesn't mind."
Barely a second later Pepper's voice was coming out through the office. "Tony, you can't be serious."
“But I’m not wrong.” Tony smiled, turning on the bench to face Steve. “If you want to take over the festivities for our one year, I have no issue letting you do that. If you have no plans, then I’m sure I can come up with something.” He leaned in to kiss Steve softly. “We still have a few weeks yet, and I’ve got to search for a new school for the boys.”
"As far as it was explained to me, she has a cherry allergy." Tony's eyebrows went up, about to yell at him for giving someone something they're allergic too. "Something that's in the juice? Not sure, anyway, it's actually a kind of mild reaction, but it's not dangerous. I've seen it happen, and it was one of her friends who discovered what was wrong."
"I simply wanted to deliver a message last night," Loki said simply. He glanced past Tony, at Steve and Thor talking, then back to Tony. "But, I may have an offer to make you reconsider."
“Uh, well, I was wondering if I could ask you something?” Peter asked him, looking  up and down between Tony and the floor.
"I can't tell you what happened there," Tony said as he glanced up a little. "I didn't even know that I was in the water at the time. I was,.... I was somewhere else entirely." Steve nodded, letting him have his time to reorganize his thoughts. Tony opened his mouth to speak, then shut it again. "At night, when I try to sleep, the lights go out and that's when it starts. Even as a kid I was never afraid of the dark, but here I am, almost thirty-five, and the dark is enough to start to send me into an attack." Tony knew that these nightmares were the most frequent, were the ones that he should be telling someone about. Steve was right, what if he was taking a nap and Peter came to wake him up? Tony would never be able to forgive himself if he hurt his son.
“The Sisterhood strikes again!” Tony cackled, pulling Steve along to the elevator. “Be careful Steve, they’re going to try and pull Jamie into their group before long.”
"I feel the same way, it makes me feel a lot better," Tony told him. Peter was eerily perceptive about the arc reactors. One day soon, he was going to ask him how he could know so much about it. When Peter was better able to articulate his thoughts into more scientific terms. Peter smiled, humming a little, before settling back against Tony's chest.
"The Julia Roberts to your Rupert Everett? It is an absolute pleasure to meet you! Vocally, at least." Steve rolled his eyes with a slight smile. Mary walked over to sit in the chair next to the loveseat. "We're planning the musical reckoning of Rogers and Stark," Meg said with dramatics in her voice.
Peter's eyes widened, mouth opening, and passing his own hand through the ornament. "How did you do that??"
"Sir?" Jarvis asked int he silence of the room, watching his creator investigate the damage of the arc reactor. "If I may, perhaps it is time to make a phone call?"
Peter looked down at her hands, then up to her face. He leaned in a little closer to her face. "He was my Daddy first," Peter told the little girl. Tony was about to open his mouth, but Steve held his hand a little, watching Peter intently. "You're lucky, cause he's one of the best around, but just remember, he's mine first." One of Jamie's hand rested on Peter's nose and he was wrinkling his face and pulling away.
Steve pulled his coat tighter against him when he noticed Tony eyeing a lone bench off the edge of the park, “You wanna sit down?” He asked offhandedly, tugging the zipper up of his coat with one hand as the other waved over the bench. Tony’s reaction was slow but he nodded his head and led the way to sit down after Steve but not before awkwardly tugging at his watch.
“Stop,” Steve’s hand is suddenly pulling Tony’s hair back. Deep brown eyes met dilated blues and both of them watched the other force breathe into their lungs before Steve stands back off the bed and pulls Tony along with him, “On your knees,” He commands.
The billionaire shrugged, “Never pegged myself to be dating an all American hero either but here we are,” he smirked before turning his back to Steve and waving his hand in the air, “I’ll give you time to dress before we leave,”
Tony cleared his throat, ‘I-uh-I figured we could get breakfast or something,” He refused to blush but his damn traitorous body had other plans. He could feel the flaming flush crawl its way up his neck, settling into his cheeks forcing his to duck his face away from Steve in an attempt to remain calm.
“Oh, he speaks,” The stranger grunted tugging at Steve’s shirt again getting it above his belly button before Steve shot backward in the chair.
“GAH!” Tony waved his hand over the screen again and pointed the same hand he had used in the recording at Steve, ‘All of these off-hand comment barely even count. I think If I had actually looked at you and said the words, “I love you,” I would have remembered or-” He paused and noticed that Steve’s serious face was in place. He fucked up somehow. Maybe this “I need proof” thing trailed from funny on Steve’s end to now maybe Steve is questioning their whole relationship. Maybe Tony took this all a little too far and he should be remembering telling Steve all those times he said the word love to him, but he couldn’t, he honestly couldn’t remember a single time he-
Somehow Bucky had ended up with twelve beers under his belt, six shots of whiskey, and a tequila mix that Clint made both him and Sam try but refused to tell them the name of. The drunker he got, the less control he had over his jealousy when he came to Steve and Tony.
“FUCK!” Tony screamed out arching back against his boyfriend intrusion, so fucking thick and welcomed as his hole burned and writhed around him, but God if he didn’t move Tony was going to blow up all of New York.
“Yes, yes, God there, yes,” Steve kept the pace, holding Tony in place so that he didn’t move off as their pace lost its rhythm and Steve felt his whole body tighten, heat swelling through his groin tugging his balls up. He went faster risking one hand to wrap around Tony’s leaking cock because if Steve was going to come he was damn sure going to make sure Tony did before him. He barely even got two pumps over the brown eye man’s dick before Tony cried out and painted Steve’s chest with hot white stripes. Steve stuttered a wave of lust crashing over him so hard his vision whited out as he came. The room washed away nothing but pleasure, nothing but Tony and wet kisses pressing over his temple, fingers massaging his shoulder blades and he rode through wave after wave of his orgasm. When he could finally see the room around him the first thing he noticed was Tony’s brown eyes looking down at him and his heart swelled.
He didn’t even get close before the super soldier was tugging him carefully up by his hair but with just enough tug that Tony knew he meant business and wasn’t messing around. “I need to wash my hair, so I want you to dry off and wait kneeled on the bed for me,” He had pulled Tony into his muscled chest so that they breathed with each other. Tony shivered, looked up at those blue eyes and saw the command behind them. This was no game, he was serious and Jesus Tony was hard just by looking at this man’s eyes.
Steve arched an eyebrow, “I need to wash my hair,” His voice was thick and breathless and Tony could almost see his pupils dilated all the way down here. He bet if he could wrap his mouth around the golden red head of his cock he could pull some of the world’s most beautiful sounds from between Steve’s lips.
‘Uh,” He faltered for a moment before he noticed Steve was trying to hold back laughter. Why was he laughing? This wasn’t a laughing moment, this was a serious-to-God moment that He was trying to have here. He even got down on wet, cold grass for this man and he was laughing at him. Tears, yes, but laughter? Come on.
His chest heaved with the weight of his indecisiveness feeling the heft rolling across his shoulders, down his back to settle in his stomach. He had strolled down here casually with his hands in his pocket, extra shading pencil tucked behind his ear and the reminder that he had done this numerous of time since he moved into the Tower. Nothing about this was new territory nor was it any strange occurrence for him to walk into Tony’s shop, Tony’s living room and even a time or two his bedroom and sit on the couch, chair or even once a discarded stool pick up one of the many sketchbooks he left in those spaces and just draw as Tony worked away. Sometimes they would talk, sometimes they would sit in complete silence letting the music fill in the space that neither of them knew what to do with. That had become their friendship. It had become expected.
All of that just from Steve holding his hand. (You don’t even wanna know what happens when Steve gets a hold of something a little firmer.)
“All right,” Steve’s voice made him jump, but the blond was too busy fiddling with his phone to notice, “Sam will be here in a few minutes, we will meet Tony and Clint at the bar and-” Steve’s eyes widened looking down at his phone.
Something flips inside of him that turns the world into a pointed view as he remembers Steve’s order. Remembers why he came out here in the first place and suddenly he’s on his knees in the middle of the bed, leaning back against his heels because despite what he wishes his age does factor how long he can sit like this.
“Stop,” He tugged Tony back causing the man to gasp, “You have a job to do,” Coiling heat spilled into Tony’s stomach as he watched his boyfriend’s face pull into the commanding look he wore as Captain America. His dick jumped.
Tony nearly growls in frustration as he hastily ignores his team and stares at his boyfriend- fiance, he hadn't’ said yes just said “I have proof” and grabbed Tony’s hand- who smiled at him with humor and a little adoration.
“I remember that day with such vivid clarity sometimes it takes my breath away,” Tony moved Steve’s hand then only he didn’t let go when he shifted the palm up and rest his fingertips across the smooth skin there.
“When-When you stupidly kissed me back that day, the-well you know the one,” And they both knew the one. That day had started all of this.
Walking back out towards the common area he watched his boyfriend tap away on his Starkpad. He soaked in the image before taking in the marvel that is Tony Stark. The man was beautiful, all dark tousled hair and sculpted goatee that framed his dangerous red lips that could swoon even the toughest of critics when he smiled.
They hadn’t set foot in the compound in nearly three weeks, none stop fighting, chasing and moving was their lives for the last three weeks and lets not even mention the lack of suitable showers. Tony wasn’t afraid to complain about the lack of worthy accommodations for his spoiled (Princess, Sam had so cheerfully leered at him) ass. They spent most nights sleeping upright in the jet, their eyes never really closing for fear of being attacked or missing an update on FRIDAY. By the time they had finally taken down all of the remaining clones, extracting every bout of information that was stored in their shiny shells, everyone was a little worse for wear.
They both fall into each other, breathing heavy and thick and it takes all of Tony’s power to pull out of Steve who whimpers at the loss but sighs when Tony takes him in his arms and kisses him repeating how incredible and beautiful he is with each press of his lips. Fingers carding through short blonde hair before tracing over closed eyelids and satisfied smiles. Tony can’t stop showing Steve that he loves, the dam has been broken and he isn’t sure he wants to patch it back up. Those three words fall from him far too easily now. A stream of "I love yous" followed by a reminder of how wonderful, beautiful, miraculous Steve is and how Tony is the single luckiest man in the world.
He nodded. “That’s right. Just like your Mama is able to do.” He rubbed Peter’s back a little. “Why don’t you show me what you’re working on for homework?” Tony followed Peter back over to the table he was working on, and sat next to him. Bucky had gotten up, a little head nod motioning for Steve to follow him to the nursery.
"That's because I don't swim," Tony said casually, grabbing a pile of towels, lining them up on a table.
"You know she's more caught up on our show than we are, right?" Tony reached over to grab his tablet, hoping to bring up a video chat.
"Do you think there's going to be something in there that might be able to help?" Bruce asked, moving over to the next screen, going over the combinations that had failed as suitable replacements for palladium.
"I'm sorry," she breathed out, wiping at her eyes from the tears that slipped out from her laughter. "I thought you said you wanted to 'woo' Tony Stark."
"I know you would have." She gave him a soft smile that had him suddenly thinking of his mom. The tips of his ears burned a little and glanced down at the floor. "Phil says that you figured out what happened yesterday?"
"-and I was trying to protect him, not you!" Steve blinked a little at Mary's choice of words. "Until the time that you decide on whether or not Captain America still exists, he is not going to know your true identity. And neither is Peter. The boy has a looser mouth than his father," Mary muttered the last sentence, before looking back at Steve. "If there is going to be a problem with this new revelation that you've uncovered, then I want to hear about it now. I'll find you a new place to live, and I'll keep you out of Tony's way. If this is something you can deal with, and not say anything that would make things uncomfortable, then good, we never have to bring this up again."
"Can you do that?" Steve looked at Peter, wiping his cheek of tears. Steve took a quick look around and saw that Thor and Loki were no longer in the penthouse, but were outside fighting on the balcony now, the scepter still on the floor inside.
Tony started to rub his finger in circles under her jaw. "Peter used to think it was a game to not let go of the silverware, too. I started letting go of it and then he'd just let it drop out of his mouth. I had too many sets of kid utensils than was necessary."
"Isn't it? Peter picked it out for me last Christmas." Pepper snorted softly and kissed Tony's cheek.
“Stevie, I know you see both of them as yours,” Bucky started with a little bit of softness in his voice, “but you’re not gonna be able to there all the time to protect them. Not unless you start following them every time they leave the damn house, and don’t even think that that’s an option.” Tony let out a puff of breath through his nose. “We all know that they’re gonna do this on their own, since instead of showing up at the hospital every time one of them tries to jump from a roof, how about we get them some decent training and show them the right way of doing things?”
“Jarvis? Can you help me make some customs settings for the bath?” Steve asked as he moved to take stock of the rest of the bathroom. There was plenty of body wash and shampoo, towels and washcloths, (Steve had no real intention of doing laundry until they were getting ready to go back to New York).
"Are you sure that this is okay, Mr Stark?" She looked back at Tony, and Steve could see some shock in her eyes. She must have just found out that Tony Stark was the same as Peter's father Tony.
"You will either do so, or we will make it happen." Blue power started to circle around them and Tony's eyes widened.
Mary waved her hand, shaking her head a little. "Don't worry about it. The only thing I'll say is that I'm not going to tell my son that you're Captain America. For two reasons."
Tony let his head rest against the pillow, closing his eyes again, just for a second. When he opened them again, Jamie was gone, and Steve was sitting on the bed next to him, legs crossed, looking at a tablet. He took in a deep breath and caught Steve’s attention. “Hey, sleepy head. How are you feeling?” Steve reached out to run his hand through Tony’s hair, and the brunette pushed his head against the warm hand.
"It's not like I'll be gone for long," Steve said, lacking his usual confidence. "Still got my apartment here, and everything."
“I said I would take him later,” Steve said calmly, eyes on the mirror as he shaved away the stubble, working along his jaw. “I didn’t know that later meant a couple weeks later.” He knew that the seven-year-old wouldn’t forget what they had talked about last week. “I didn’t anticipate he would suggest it for your birthday.” Steve glanced at Tony in the mirror, watching the man lean against the counter next to him, his own morning routine not started yet. He knew Tony wasn’t actually mad at him. “Are you upset that he wants to go back to a Disney park so soon, or are you upset that now you might actually have to do something on your birthday?”
Steve shook his head. "Not yet, but we haven't been giving it full resources, either. You think there's something deeper to this?"
"-and I saw your face practically melt." He could Mary was smiling now. "Peter found your heart that day." Tony blinked at her words, glancing over to the old arc reactor that Pepper had left for him in his workshop.
Bruce just hummed and nodded. "Then I think that you have your answer." Tony watched Bruce for a few quiet moments. He knew that he owed Bruce a lot, probably his life. If it hadn't been for him figuring out what Howard had been up too, it would probably be Tony that was trying to keep a rage monster behind bars all the time. That wouldn't have ended well.
Tony fell to his knees, holding up a peace sign, an annoying stinging behind his eyes. He saw Rhodey hop out of the helicopter, running towards him. Rhodey, his best friend, he was leading the charge.
“We only need the one,” the man said, not looking at Tony. The agent at the door stumbled back with a growl, arms up to defend his head. Tony smirked a little. “What’s taking so long! They’re kids!”
Steve’s hand reached up, fingers gently ruffling through the short hairs on Tony’s neck. Tony hummed a little, resting more against Steve, taking in his warmth. “I think that there are two pints of ice cream in the kitchen that are calling our names.”
Tony spent Christmas Eve with Mary and Peter, and had flown Mary's parents back up for Christmas Day. Pepper had him booked for New Year's with doing press work for the Stark Expo, and dancing around what the Stark Tower was supposed to be. He promised that it be unveiled at the Stark Expo.
Tony licked his lips a little, then lifted his head up. "I don't drink alone. Beer, champagne, whatever, if I'm not getting drunk, I don't drink when I'm alone. That is a one way road to disaster, and my kid, kids, don't need to see me going to rehab, again. If there's even one out there that would take me." He let Steve wrap their arms around him, pressing him more firmly to Steve's chest. He took a breath, feeling it waver on the way back out. "It's just so damn
: Almost lost my mom to an infection and surgery, need to sell the house, and find new living arrangements for myself, and my job is ending very soon. This story is not abandoned, there should be a new chapter before the new year, but that's just my hope. There will be a new one soon.
“Last I could confirm, Wilson was still in DC,” Tony told him. “I still don’t have a present location on Hilda though.”
"We've had this conversation, he's six months old, Tony." He heard Mary giving a couple more directions to the moving people. "Where are you moving us, Tony? I think I deserve to know that."
"Would you like some advice?" Natasha asked him suddenly, mercifully cutting off his rambling. "Tony displays classic signs of touch deprivation. Try working with that, little things like touches on the arm, or back, pressing shoulders or knees together. If you're the touchy feely kind of guy that is, I don't know." She shrugged her shoulder, heading up the stairs back to her bedroom, going to check on Clint. "Good luck, Captain."
"I was right, though." Tony tilted his head up a little, going from one set of baby blue eyes to another. "We're already doomed. Did you see the way she pat my nose? Like she was trying to comfort me? The death of me, Steven Rogers, the two of you is what you will be." Steve smiled fondly down at him and Tony felt his heart melt at the sight. That was a smile just for Tony. Well, he might have to share it with the new addition, but Tony had gotten it first.
"I want you to become his Guardian," she told him, looking up at him. Tony straightened in his chair, eyes wide.
Steve kissed the top of her head. “Your hair is almost long enough to start doing something with. You’re growing fast, baby girl. Mary was right, I’m buying you clothes left and right.” He didn’t know what exactly was happening, why he kept talking, but it seemed to help calm him, and Jamie liked to hear the sound of his voice, especially when she was tired. “Well, probably more of them online, with Jarvis’ help. Hard to go outside and not be recognized lately. And with all the trouble we’ve had lately,…. Well, it’s going to get better, you’ll see.” He took a breath, nodding a little to himself, and turned around himself. “We can go out, see Peter and Wade now.” She cooed a little and Steve smiled. “Yeah, it’s going to be real interesting the older you get, with them teaching you. Real interesting.” He kissed the top of her head again.
“You know, when i said that they offer to talk, whenever you wanted too? That doesn’t expire. Just because I said it two years, doesn’t mean that I’ve forgotten, or that it doesn’t still hold water.” He watched as Wade looked at the wall ahead of him. They both knew what he was talking about. When right after Steve had rescued Wade from his Father. When Wade had shot Colonel Wilson.
"Tony, finally," Mary called out without looking back at him, looking at the cards in her hand. "I need your help."
"I don't like the cold, so go ahead and burn as bright as you want," Steve cut him off, thumb rubbing his cheek. "Your baggage is sharing pillow talk with my baggage, guaranteed. And I think you know already know how I feel about Peter, and how I would be disappointed if you didn't always put him first. Hell, I put him first a lot of the time." Steve could see something in Tony's eyes, something loosening, softening, brown eyes becoming brighter, more golden. "I volunteered for the experiment, to go to war, that's all on me. Mary gave me a chance to take up some other mantle, to change what I wanted to be, what I was. I find myself here, in front of a man that I find myself very rapidly caring about, very much. And it's exactly where I want to be right now."
Tony had to wonder if when normal people said they had 'plans' on Friday, were 'plans' for villains attacking a city? Just after dinner, him and Peter putting the dishes in the dishwasher, Tony was starting to think so when Jarvis sounded an alarm.
The assassin reached for Tony with his flesh and blood hand, but both were surprised when a smaller hand grabbed his wrist and twisted up, then yanked down. The assassin went with the motion, flipping, but landed on his feet and spun, Meg still holding onto his wrist, wide eyed. "That wasn't supposed to happen." The man looked at her, everyone tense for a couple of seconds, before he spun her away from Tony, Steve catching her as he had jumped back to his feet.
“Don’t embarrass yourself, Tony,” Bucky said, little smirk on his lips. Tony shot a narrowed eye expression his way. “You sure you two can handle three babies?”
“Oh, is that so, Captain?” Tony asked with a raised brow. “I think you’ve spent more time with her when putting her down to sleep. No, no, that’s all you mister.” He leaned in to kiss his head again, and moved down a little to kiss his nose. “Gives her character. She’ll be a force to be reckoned with, for sure.” Tony put the tablet down on the bed and let his free hand come up to rub one of Steve’s cheeks.
Steve sighed as Pepper hung up. He wasn’t worried about the inevitable backlash their dating had caused, he didn’t care what anyone thought about him. He wasn’t ashamed of who he was, of who he loved. He was worried about the exposure on the kids, especially for Jamie, much like Tony was worried about the exposure on Peter. While it was true that they hadn’t seen, or heard, from AIM or even Hydra, it didn’t mean that they would have given up looking and plotting. He also knew that Tony was going to blow a gasket.
He swung his shield towards Stark's arm, but Stark brought the staff up to block the attack. Steve moved one foot and was swinging his fist at Stark now, but he moved the staff just as quickly, hitting Steve's forearm and forcing it back. It was apparent that Tony didn't always need the suit to take care of himself. What had Loki done to Tony? To turn him into this angry fighter? Tony was still in there, by the way that he thought he was protecting Peter.
"I could fit him in one hand!" Tony chuckled, leaning against Steve's shoulder. "He was like a hamster!"
"Man of Iron," Thor greeted. "Your healers have tended to you well?" Tony glanced at the sling, then shrugged a little.
"Wake up Mary," Tony demanded. He was done messing around. "You got what you wanted, now give me what I want. Now." Loki simply held up his cuffed hands, and Tony put his hand out behind him, palm up. "Key."
"I didn't know I was in the water," Tony said quietly. Steve's finger stilled for a second, before starting up again. "When I hit the water, I retreated into my head."
Meg moved to the side a bit more, still holding onto Bucky's arm, but wanting to see more clearly what was going on. "I'm not-" Clint let the arrow go, landing in between her and Bucky, forcing the two to separate from each other. Before Steve could make a sound Natasha was rushing at Bucky while Clint was leaping over some furniture to get to Meg.
"Yeah, I mean," Tony couldn't tear his eyes away from the little boy. "I'm sure I can spare some time in my schedule."
“Let’s not sound to boastful about it,” Tony murmured a little. “Listen, I don’t come here with a lot of humility-“
Tony's mouth dropped a little, and he turned his head to look at Steve who just shrugged. He let out a huff of breath as Jarvis pinged the tablet in the lab. "Sir, I've broken through another encryption. This file seems to be of a relatable importance." Tony let go of Steve's hand to walk over and pick up the Starkpad.
No sooner had Steve opened the note did the doorbell ring, this one letting him know that he needed to answer it. He pushed himself up and walked over to the door, and saw a delivery man standing there. He gave his signature and then two more men started to bring stuff in. Brave let out a pleased caw as a perch stand created just for him was set up. Arc let his attention wander over as a giant chew toys was given to him; designed to withstand his claws and teeth, and the heat of his breath.
"You're welcome." Steve set the silverware down at the spot next to Peter, and then on the other side of the table. Mary came out with the two plates of food, setting them down, and Steve went back in to grab their drinks. Steve sat down, putting the glass of water in front of Mary, the milk at his place.
Steve leaned against his motorcycle, looking out as the street lamps of the little town started to light up. He had just passed from Pennsylvania into Ohio, riding through Pittsburgh, and decided to stop for the night. Steve liked finding the little towns, the little places; they had so much more life with the locals that lived there, so much more history.
“Daddy says you’re going to be getting a haircut soon,” Steve said softly, trying to lull the boy back to sleep. Tired brown eyes turned to look at him and Steve smiled. “He says I need a haircut, too.”
"Yeah, a very short something, and now it's over." Tony's words were quiet and pitched low, but he kept his own practiced smile on his face. "I don't know what your game is here-"
“This was your big plan?” Tony huffed out. He could easily overpower the man at just the right angle, he needed to get to the car. Steve was still fighting behind him, unaware of what was happening. They were keeping him well distracted. “Kidnap me and expect me to re-create your flawed research? I don’t think so,” Tony shook his head. “There’s a history of people blowing up when they capture me, you know.”
"Yeah!" Peter said immediately, hopping on the bed a little. "Granpa let us ride the Tower of Terror today!"
"Not yet," she shook her head. "The buildings they operate out of are owned by dummy corporations, but Coulson is tracking down all known names now." Steve nodded and glanced out the front of the jet.
“But it’s true,” Steve said confidently. “You like the challenge, because you’re always thinking, always creating, always needing that bit to challenge you. Welcoming it because it keeps things, mmm, interesting, I suppose.”
"Well, I can't go public with him yet," Tony said first. "I think after my announcement today, that would be a bad idea." Mary nodded a little.
"Yeah," he smiled, happy with himself that he hadn't been wrong. "I haven't, uh, listened to music in a long time, so I'm catching up. On music, like, all of it." She raised both eyebrows at him now.
He was so not prepared for this, he was so not prepared to be a father. Almost seven years, Mary had been trying to train him for seven years, but it just wasn't enough. Perhaps Tony thought that a good thing would never end, that Mary would always be there to take the role of primary parent. To let Tony step in when he built up enough confidence that day. That seemed to work out for them. Peter didn't seem unstable, and he seemed to always be happy, when he wasn't getting in trouble for something stupid that he and Wade had done. Tony had been resting on his laurels for too long, and it was coming back to bite him in the ass. Again.
He saw a replica of his shield sitting at the front of the middle glass cases. Looking around the room he could see that everything was filled with old Captain America memorabilia. Peter was hopping up and down on his feet a little, excited to show this to him.
"And it's Awesome!" Tony finished up with a grin. "I kind of want to install in my room. Jarvis," Tony took out his phone as they walked for exit outside, happily accepting that it wasn't nearly as windy as it had been the day before. "Make a note, install the Galaxy System in the Penthouse bedrooms."
Steve let the words swirl in his head a little, then took one look at Tony, and straightened up. "Just find the cube." He stalked out of the room. The door shut and he stopped. Dr Banner was right though, and perhaps Tony, as much as he was loathe to admit. Steve needed to do his own investigation.
“This situation right now is taking a physical toll on me,” Tony growled out. “Give me one good reason not to call back to Steve and have him mobilize the rest of the Avengers.”
Steve stopped in front of the workshop door, the windows blacked out, and he could hear loud music already blaring. He could also hear the familiar sound of repulsor blasts. Taking a breath he entered the override code, the little feeling that had been hoping to not have to use one of them for a long time flaking away, and pushed the door open.
"I remember that," Tony hummed, turning a smile towards the sleeping boy. "He kept putting his hand on his head, feeling the spikes, then started putting pieces of paper on top. He wanted to see how much weight his hair could hold before the product gave in." Tony rubbed his fingers through Peter's hair. "He gets the experimenting thing from Bruce, the trial and error thing. I just jump headfirst into everything."
“Steve,” Tony started, “I need you to leave,” it wasn’t a command, it wasn’t a request. It was Tony’s voice catching on the end as Steve watched every ounce of the man’s self control hold himself together. There in the depth of those brown eyes Steve saw the unwanted elephant in the room rear its head. The too bright look behind Tony’s eyes as he blinked rapidly, never breaking eye contact with Steve who noticed the redness spreading from Tony’s cheeks, darkening his skin and rimming his eyes as the man tried to fight back unwanted tears. He watched Tony’s sniff quickly just a small lift of his upper lip to his nose and the redness begun to dim down to a faint pink as the man blinked away the unshed tears.
‘I don’t have the best advice here, you probably don’t even want advice, but Tony I can say that nothing you are holding inside of you is your fault. None of it is, sometimes these things just happen. People fall out of love and they are forced to accept that sheer will-power alone isn’t going to make things better,” Tony caught his eyes again and a spark of something that made his heart race ignited behind those brown eyes.
That earns an all-out laugh from the super soldier who actually ends up doubling over on himself and holding his stomach. Tony stands back up feeling ridiculous kneeling before his boyfriend and being laughed at.
“You’ve already met his friends?” He hadn’t meant to say that, and the guilt-stricken look that flashed across Steve’s face had him apologizing quickly. Steve had already met Tony’s friends. They had been dating seriously for the better half of four months, three weeks since Bucky picked Steve up from the library and had his entire world tipped out from beneath him. Sometimes he still couldn’t believe that Steve had managed to not only gain a boyfriend he didn’t know about but had met the man’s friends and had already slept with him (he would not think too hard about that.)
Afterward, when they were sweaty and sated, guilt was twisting Bucky’s chest tight, stealing his air, and making his head swim he asked Clint who he thought about. The dirty blond had shrugged, mumbled something he could barely hear before sending him a smirk, “Name’s Phil, so Wanna do this again sometime?”
He felt like a complete and total idiot. Everyone in the room was silent, no one shifted or coughed or even glanced in the direction of the two men. Brown eyes and blue eyes never broke as Steve walked closer to Tony, waved his hand over the screen and ended the show. He raised that damn brow and pouted those damn lips and it took everything inside of Tony not kiss away that expression on his face because yeah he was an idiot but he was Steve’s idiot.
He had leaned closer to Steve while everyone was focused on getting their gear strapped on and ready. His lips just barely brushing across the super soldier’s ear but it was enough to capture the man’s attention, “Seeing you strap yourself it makes me wonder how tight you could strap me down, Sir,” He breathed, letting his voice drop as his breath circled Steve’s ear and he prayed he hadn’t imagined the darkening of Steve’s eyes as he turned towards his boyfriend and pushed him further into the corner and pressed just a little closer to the Iron Man suit than usual.
Thirty minutes later they’re back at the mansion with Tony barreling his way past a questioning looking Clint and a surprised looking Bruce who was making his way past them with a bowl of popcorn.
Steve fell silent, peering at the young man before looking down at his shirt and sighing at the drying coffee stain. It was his nicest polo, the only one he owned that hadn’t been stretched out, stained (not anymore) or ripped. With a sigh, he lifted the hem to expose the reddened skin below, fingers tracing the edge of the tender flesh but not seeing any developing blisters. A slight groan pulled Steve’s eyes away from his examination to notice the stranger was looking up at the ceiling, a blush peeking out from his shirt collar. Steve raised an eyebrow clearing his throat to get the stranger’s attention and ask what’s wrong but before he could vocalize his worry the stranger shook his head.
“Do you really think this is the first time you’ve told me you loved me?” Steve actually fucking chuckles at him.
He had begun to rise of his stool accepting the building shame and willing to pretend as if this was all some stupidly bad dream and move on from the friendship he had thought they had built when Tony reached for his wrist. Heat travelled through his body warming up his arms where Tony’s fingers pressed into his pulse point, curling slightly so that his nails dug into Steve’s skin leaving marks that would ache a normal man. He looked at Tony’s brown eyes watching them shift from the cutting glass filled humor to something softer, trembling even as he pulled Steve back to the stool. Not once letting go of his wrist.
?) that was the exact measurement as his right arm, down to the way the pinky finger bent slightly to the left. He could move it, flex it, bend it, with some serious thinking and a little strain but Shuri had promised him that was normal.
Steve felt his heart lurch in his chest, “Tony, you-,” He didn’t know what to say really. This wasn’t the man he was used to seeing running the halls of the tower, sauntering the walkways of Shield or fighting alongside in the battlefield. This was a rejected ghost of the man he had grown to care for over the years his brown eyes usually so alight with avid fascination now dimmed by haunted thoughts, that ever-present smirk now resting somewhere Steve wasn't sure he could reach. He never thought he’d miss the never-ending ramble of Tony’s voice.
Sam long since occupied with a brunette with legs for days and boobs that even made Bucky forget Steve for a moment.
The man must not have heard him because he kept tapping idly at a holograph before him with new schematics for widows new stinging bites. One hand was twisting the wine bottle in his hand, tongue lapping at the cork with oddly disturbing assurance.
“Seventy five degrees, boss,” The replacement for JARVIS speaks out around him and Tony shudders at the sudden reminder that his beloved AI is now, well not really, a purpled man who knows far too much for his own good.
“I get that,” Bucky grunted leaning into the fridge to grab two beers handing one to Steve who raised a brow but took the offered beverage anyway, “doesn’t mean I ain’t worried bout’cha,”
Tony nearly came right then and there. Watching Steve-seeing Steve- there we literally no words he could use to describe how fucking beautiful Steve was opening himself up for Tony. Golden head tossed back in ecstacy, golden chest heaving with every moan that leaves his gorgeous red mouth. Steve was a fucking god splayed out for Tony to worship, to kneel before and pray open with open mouth kisses, mark leaving bite marks and purple hickies that would disappear by morning but he could trace them with his tongue as Steve fucks himself over his fingers before Tony steps up and tells him to suck and like the good sport he is he wraps his mouth around Tony’s cock and goes to town.
The first time Tony said it had been a joke, a slip of his tongue during a long night of fighting and trying to finish a project in his workshop that would keep him awake until the early hours of the morning when his body always decided to crash. Steve had come down the stairs, Clint, Bruce, and Nat moving out of his way as he lumbered into Tony’s workshop with that damned eyebrow raised and his lips pouted.
He steps into the cold room, hissing at the air that painfully perks his nipples and threatens to douse his libidio., “FRIDAY 75 degrees please,” He rubs the towels across his wet shoulder and sighs when he can feel the careful stream of warm air coming from the vents. He pauses then curses, “FRIDAY what temperature is the compound set at?”
Steve’s eyes widened taking it the expanse of olive skin before him that made his body ache to feel it beneath him, he wanted to trace his fingertips across the vast scars spanning out from the arc reactor, following the path with his lips and tongue wanting to feel Tony shiver beneath him. A warm heat blossomed in his chest as he scanned over Tony’s body to stop at his belly button and inwardly moan.
‘Next.” The bored, nasally voice of the girl behind the coffee counter made Steve flinch as he came back to reality and stepped forwards prepared to ask for a single black coffee when someone cursed loudly and his brain barely registered the burning liquid dripping down his chest because the prettiest set of brown eyes he has ever seen was starting up at him in apologetic annoyance.
“I don’t know why I was crying,” Steve was breathless because Tony had tightened around him, “Please do that again,” Steve groaned. Tony obliged grounding his hips down and tightening once more around Steve’s cock. Steve hissed at the pressure and bucked his hips up harder than he meant causing Tony to go slack jawed and unfocused, those calloused working hands grasping desperately at Steve’s shoulders.
In a flash Steve’s eyes widen before hooding in pleasure as he bite Tony’s thump, his lips just barely brushing across his head. “Spread your legs,” He says it carefully. Steve obeys, “Good, stay like that,” He walks to their bed and grabs the lube from beneath the pillows. When he steps back in front of Steve he reaches out for his hand and slicks two of his fingers up. Steve watches him his eyes following Tony’s every move as he rubs the warming lube over Steve’s fingers before kissing his palm and smiling.
“Fuck,” Everything moved so quickly he couldn’t focus both their pants stripped his eyes gracing over Tony’s red gold cock already leaking and begging for attention he lost time and space once again after he felt Tony slick his own cock up and beg him, fucking whimpered under him with half closed eyes as Steve registered that one of Tony’s hands were opening himself up, for Steve to-God forSteve to be inside of him.
Tony’s eyes twinkled for just a second, “ Glass of wine? I hear having one alone is just sad,” for a brief moment Steve panicked because if Tony reached for the wine he’d have to let go of Steve’s wrist but he realized how ridiculous that thought was and nodded slowly. The missing contact made his chest ache but he focused his attention on watching Tony uncorked the wine and asked Dum-E to bring him two tumblers, “I have no wine glasses down here sadly,” He casually threw out there as the robot placed the tumbler down beside Tony and the genius filled the glasses turning to hand Steve his.
“Steve,” broken voice, “Steve,” He tried again this time much steadier than before and his eyes even flashed with a reminder of the man before. He didn’t say anything else just kept holding Steve’s wrist, fingers pressing harder against the skin leaving red marks that would be gone the moment he released the man. Something deep inside of Steve never wanted Tony to let go, never wanted those fingers prints to leave his skin like the rest of his reminders. He wanted Tony to stay there. He could be alright if they just stayed right here. “Glass of wine?” Tony broke the silence fingers tightening around Steve’s wrist. Steve looked up at him quickly, ‘Pardon?”
Tony opened the passenger side door, “I was thinking that little cafe on the upper east side,” He closed the door and climbed into the driver side, “The one with the crepes that they drizzle blueberry syrup over, I think I’ve taken you there before? Maybe? If not then you have got to try it, truly, the way they powder their doughnuts will make even the mightiest of heroes crumble,” not once did the billionaire take a breath in his rant of breakfast food. In times like this Steve would normally shut him up by squeezing his hand and reminding him that not everyone can keep up with his capacity to keep from breathing for a full monologue. This time Steve couldn’t bring himself to end the rant, he couldn’t stop watching the way Tony’s brown eyes melted into chocolate pools as the sun danced in through the windshield. The way he lips curled around the word Espresso making it the filthiest caffeinated beverage Steve had ever heard of and he absolutely could not stop the way Tony’s voice was flustered and heating all at once.
“Here,” The super soldier helped clean him up, fingers playing idly at his swollen hole but much to his dismay he never entered him just cleaned around him before wiping down Tony’s chest, his lips kissing over the path the towel made. Humming his way down Tony’s stomach to his sensitive members twitching between his legs hoping to come back to life. He smiled up at the billionaire who watched him expectedly as Steve licked over the sensitive head to clean away excess cum.
“I hate myself,” Tony said quietly this time before lifting from his chair for the first time since Steve entered the shop, kneeled in front of the super soldier and let his breath wash over the other man, “ I hate myself because Pepper had to be the one to tell me to do this,”
“Steve,” Tony said carefully but didn’t make any notion he wanted Steve to move his hand the he kept it there as Tony continued, ‘Y’know I once believe I would marry Pepper, actually marry her, a ring a white picket fence with a field in the back yard maybe. We could have a few Starks, I could have taught them how to hack the pentagon on their tenth birthday,” Tony chuckled softly the ghosts filtering the edge of his eyes as he rubbed his beard, “I barely remember it happening, y’know, barely remember feeling it drift away until I woke up on a wednesday alone in my bed and realized I missed having someone next to me, only it wasn’t Pepper I was seeing,” Something dark drifted into Tony’s eyes that made Steve squeeze the man’s knee. Tony shot a look to Steve’s hand hand reaching out on its own accord to touch his knuckles lightly.
Tony, on the other hand, could care less- maybe he should care more- but the world already knew about his sexual adventures and how amazing would it be if the world knew he had Captain America in his bed every night. Talk about a win-win for the overall roundness of his life, but he still kept it cool when out in public with Cap even if sometimes he really wanted to kiss away the awed expression that Steve makes when he sees a 21st-century norm. Most of which Tony made, some of which Tony pointed out and all of which made Steve gape like a fish and swivel his entire body around to watch it go by.
Which is what led Steve to bypassing the gym that day and standing outside of Tony’s workshop with a twisting stomach and a raised fist waiting to knock, tap, whatever it took to get his friend’s attention.
Steve throws his head back the moment his mouth wraps around him, his fingers reaching out to tangle themselves in Tony’s hair as he sucks over his cock, tongue wrapping around the base when slides down him and licking up the nerves as he moves back up. He hollows out his cheeks, relaxes his jaw and lets Steve slide to the back of his throat where the super soldier lets out the sluttiest noise Tony has ever heard and comes quicker than expected. Tony just barely swallows it all down in time, a smirk trying to work its way over his lips as he licks over Steve’s head before lifting up.
Tony had come to realize very early on in his life that his patience level was rather, well, nonexistent. If he had to wait for it to be made he figures he can make it himself, if he has to wait for it to be delivered, hell he owns a plane he’s on his way, but there is absolutely nothing he can do to make Steve eat any faster. He watches him close his eyes around a blue drizzle crepe with so much powdered sugar on it it might as well be a walking diabetic commercial. His tongue darts out to lick away the extra drizzle and Tony’s head goes a little dizzy because if Steve is going to be licking away anything it should be-
The first night he had the arm all to himself, the first night that Tony assured him he could leave it on or take it off at his desire because it wouldn’t chafe, he swore, Bucky had the worst dream of his life.
Rolling his eyes, Bucky hoisted his back further up his shoulder, “No problem I can always come back later-”
“Fuck, Steve, God, I wanna fuck you,” He can’t think past the thought of being buried deep inside of his warmth, pounding into him as Steve moans beneath his hands. Using all of his last sensible thoughts he stops Steve’s hand and lifts up to loom over him. Seeing him, like this on his knees with those blue eyes pleading up at him he feels the stir in his belly. He reached out and caresses Steve’s cheek, thumb tracing his bottom lip before he gives Steve a light smack across the cheek.
“You have no idea how fucking gorgeous you are, Baby, how hard you’re making me as you use your gorgeous mouth to suck me and you fuck yourself ready for me,” He stutters his hips when he feels the back of Steve’s throat, “Do you want me, baby?”
Steve tugged Tony to a stop but kept his dick pressed against his prostate his own body shaking with need, “Yes what, soldier?” Steve grabbed Tony’s leaking cock, wrapping his large hands around the olive base and pumped, twisting his wrist as he pounded into Tony.
Steve moved his hand from Tony’s hair to his chin, brushing his finger across his jaw and over his over grown facial hair to push against his lips and open that all- too cocky mouth, “ Leave it open, don’t suck unless I tell you too,” He starts watching as Stark’s eyes widen and dilate with lust and every bone in his body wants to just take him now but he knows he needs this.
) Steve made him put the extra food in the trunk of the car before they walked towards Central Park, their hands bumping against each other but never daring to entangle. The teams know, all of SHIELD knows and maybe a few of their allies but they weren’t ready for the world to know. Actually, Steve wasn’t ready, sometimes his 1940’s fears of liking men swept up on him and he couldn’t hide the nearly debilitating panic attacks that someone would hurt Tony.
He wasn’t sure if the feeling crawling up his spine was something he needed to worry about or something he needed to just fall in to.
Bucky said nothing just ignored how shirtless Steve was, ignored the fact that three hickies were dotting Steve’s chest, and that Tony was still dancing along to the radio in THEIR kitchen oblivious to the fact that this was his and Steve’s space.
Instead, he reached off to the left barely able to grab the extra stool and pulling it behind him to sink down and come eye to eye with his friend, “Cry to me,” The words had flowed out of him quicker than he had meant for them too. He hadn’t even meant for them to come out quite like that, he had wanted to tell Tony that he would listen to him, listen to the story that was behind the ghosts and help him through it as best he could. That Tony had someone to lean on, to trust in, until he could put himself back onto his feet and walk with his head held high once again.
“Steve,” His voice was weak causing the super soldier to nearly drop to his knees and wrap the man in the tightest hug he had in him.
‘I’m going to fuck you know, okay baby? I want your mouth open as I slam my cock into it over and over until I’m spilling down your throat,”
They kissed in front of the whole team who all sat still for a moment until Tony’s hand started to move and they dispersed from the room quicker than you could say “Avengers Assemble.” Tony and Steve never broke apart not when they stumbled past the couches, not when they hit the elevator wall and certainly not when FRIDAY dinged them to their apartment and they just barely made it to their couch.
“I think that’s the correct term? I like both? Well, I prefer men-” Steve’s sentence died off slowly, watching as the stranger licked his lips slowly, eyes darkening.
“I’m going to take that as a strong maybe,” He said a little too soft but that might have been because he couldn’t breathe. When Steve touched him it sometimes felt as if his whole existence had been pulled apart at the seams and he was floating around on this haze cloud looking down at his life. He was dizzy but focused all at once and his heart sometimes stuttered before stopping and restarting with a nearly audible thu-bump.
“I want to taste you,” Steve meant to think the words but when he saw the flush that graced Tony’s cheeks he was beyond happy he said them outloud. In response Tony tugged at the hem of Steve’s shirt groaning when the soldier obliged and let the engineer get his eyes on the golden peak of human perfection before him. Something dark and lustful twisted in Tony’s eyes as his left hand skimmed up Steve’s side, tracing over the well defined abs, nails lightly scratching over his sternum and tracing the edge of his left pec before Tony found his nipple and tweaked it earning an exaggerated moan from the soldier. The painful clash of teeth as he pulled Tony back into him woke up the logical part of his brain that maybe they shouldn’t be doing this kind of exploration so soon after Pepper and Tony’s revelation but then the engineer ground his hips down rubbing his erection across Steve’s and all sensibilities escaped him as he grabbed Tony by the thighs hoisted him up and practically tossed the man onto the couch, following his fall quickly covering his body with his own and attacking the man’s exposed neck.
That explained why he was tasting the saltiness from before, a part of him had just pushed it off to be the taste of sweat across Tony’s shoulder but nope there were tears. He was crying now in fact. Why was he crying?
Steve stiffened beneath him, “Tony, I’m going to marry you, that's proof enough that you deserve this,”
He’d known, of course, before then, but it was in that moment when the feeling really settled in his chest and took his breath away. Left him speechless and gaping up at the ceiling wondering where the emotion had come from and why he was so lost in the sea of Steve suddenly. All he could picture were those blue eyes looking up at him, full smile reminding him that it would all be okay and suddenly he was in Steve’s strong arms, fingers playing over the scars from the arc reactor.
Above all things Steve had grown to enjoy about Tony’s, well, personality, since he had met him, was that he never made Steve feel insignificant. He never made him feel cheap, or of lesser value, because he couldn’t afford the coffee shop every day of the week, he couldn’t afford to miss work or that he sometimes had to wear the same shirt three days in a row because laundry detergent was a luxury not a given. He especially didn’t judge Steve when he found him bent over the Chemistry book that might as well be in Spanish with how well Steve understood it. Hands in his hair trying to make sense of a chemical compound, Steve couldn’t grasp why he needed to know. He’d grabbed the text, tugged a highlighter out of Steve’s bag, and begun explaining the different components in simpler terms than even the teacher had broken them down into.
The only logical thought rushing through his mind was that Tony had cheated on Pepper with someone else, Tony who had thrown his playboy ways out the window to make things with Pepper work had fallen in love with another woman without any of them knowing. He had cheated on Pepper so Steve was obviously outraged. Only that wasn’t right and he knew it, he knew Tony had never cheated on Pepper and he was just trying to stamp down the sudden wave of jealousy that Tony could love someone else.
“Hey.” A tap on his shoulder had him turning around to see Tony grinning up at him, “Mind if I borrow your bestie? You can keep mine.”
Kept telling him this was normal but was it normal that the only thing that made it all stop was imagining his best friend climbing into his bed those nights? Wrapping strong, muscled arms around him as he pulls Bucky into his chest and presses kisses along the seam of his shoulder where the prosthetic arm would rest. That sometimes he could feel Steve’s lips press against his scars, HIS SCARs, that had no feeling at all no matter how many times he poked and prodded the things. That those nights where he could fall asleep pretending Steve was holding him were the only nights that nightmares didn’t plaque his subconscious.
Worry doused the jealousy for a moment as Bucky stepped forward to see what had made Steve go silent.
He leaned back, blue eyes flashing up at Bucky, “He’s short.” Bucky tried to spell which made the dirty blond laugh.
“Woah,” Tony repeated kind of gruffly which made worry lace Steve’s eyes but the engineer shook his head, “I want more,”
Tony’s fingers stopped mid tap, “Morning,” brown orbs flashed up at Steve with a nervous glint behind them.
Something dark flashed behind Clint’s eyes, “I’m in love with someone else too and I wish us not being together was something as simple as he’s with someone else.”
“God, Tony, fill me up,” He grunts out and Tony fucking loses it. He pounds faster into him, balls smacking Steve’s ass but Tony lifts up, pulls back and wraps his hand around Steve’s cock who screams out Tony’s name.
It took an extra thirty minutes before his super soldier boyfriend finally finished eating, thirty long agonizing minutes where Tony had said and re-said those three words to him over and over and nearly a hundred different scenarios. Most ending with Cap telling him it was too soon and patting his hand before leaving him alone in a cafe with blueberry drizzle on his fingers. Other usually ended with a huge fight, a goliath fight, where the two of them duked it out because Cap thought he was crazy or Tony said all the wrong things and it just escalated quickly. Maybe one or two of them ended with a happy blowjob at the end and a bit of blueberry drizzle to lick away too.
“Sometimes people fall out of love, Tony, it’s not unheard of,” He had heard it said on one of those talk shows Clint was so fond of.
This was one of his favorite things to do, prep Tony and get him to wet and willing for Steve’s cock that the whole was nearly throbbing for the intrusion. He swirled his tongue, sucking a small fraction to get it all nice and swollen before he slides a finger in listening to the hiss Tony released.
“I have to pull off, okay,” There was a hint of something in Tony’s voice that made Steve’s brow furrow. He watched the engineer pull himself up, hissing at the lost of warmth around his softening cock, and move across the workshop to a cabinet where he pulled out two towels. He wiped himself down with one, screwing his face up when he cleaned Steve off him before moving back over to Steve and handing him the extra towel. Steve cleaned himself off slowly terrified to take his eyes off of Tony who pulled his briefs back on followed by his pants but left his shirt and belt discarded across the workshop floor. He bent down and grabbed Steve’s boxers and pants before handing them to the man who arched an eyebrow but took them silently.
Tony patted him on the shoulder before entangling his fingers with Steve’s and tugging him towards the karaoke stage. The younger man pushed Steve into a chair leaning over to press their lips together quickly (Bucky might have chugged his beer a, a tad too aggressively during that) before winking his way and stumbling onto the stage where he serenaded the blond with a, surprisingly, not bad, rendition of Pour Some Sugar On Me. Bucky hated every God damn second of it, slamming back beer after beer every time Tony would kiss Steve, touch Steve, climb back onto the stage and sing to Steve.
“Well then,” He leaned closer to Steve, the hand that had been resting loosely on Steve’s knee suddenly came to life, edging up his thigh carefully each slide tracked steadily by Steve’s eyes, “How can I make up for you making me spill my coffee all over you,”
Tony might have been smiling the whole time, a slight curve of his lips as he closed his eyes and drifted off again to the sound of Steve’s breathing beneath his ear.
“Stevie,” Bucky turned his head wanting to kiss him, wanting to taste him but when he turned, it wasn’t Steve holding him it was Tony. Tony’s whose brown eyes were bright, filled with emotion and inquisitive knowledge that always made him feel uncomfortable. Tony who somehow always smelled like motor oil and coconuts rocked him back-and-forth whispering that it was all going to be okay, that he had him, he would always have him.
‘Such a fucking Slut, Tony, so willing and wanting to swallow my cock down,” His voice was strained as his hips begun to stutter, “Fuck, fuck Tony I’m going to spill down your fucking throat and you’re going to, gah, fucking take it,” Tony looked up at him caught his eyes bright before they closed and Cap shot forward hot, tangy spurts clogging the last remaining chance for air Tony had left.
“THAT DOES NOT COUNT!” Tony waved his hand over the screen changing the image but he glared at Steve who was trying, really truly trying, not to laugh at him right now.
He added more to it the second time only days later, hoping to play at what he knew Cap wanted but he would never ask Tony for it. Steve was a man of honor and respect and Tony knew it would take some persuasion to get his loving, old-timey boyfriend to admit to what he wanted. Tony had to let him know he was comfortable, settled and needing for Cap to take him by the throat and tell him to kneel like a good boy. He had to let Steve know he wanted and needed this just as much as the super soldier did. So when they were flying across the country towards an island where a man with radioactive spiders was trying to take over the native lands, Tony had pushed his buttons just a little bit.
“I expected more people to be here,” Steve commented when they walked into Central Park. He never got over how much the area had changed over time. How it has grown and adapted to the world around it yet somehow managed to stay as beautiful as Steve remembered. He was rarely able to visit it back in his time, it was nearly an hour and a half away from him by car let alone by foot. The first time he had stepped foot on the bright green grass Bucky had been standing beside him, both their eyes lit up in wonder at what they were seeing. The last time he was all spangled out dancing on a stage during the war-his dignity left someone back in Brooklyn. Now he was standing in it for the fifth time with Tony, his hand aching to reach out and grab the other man’s.
“You’re going to ready yourself for me,” He lets Steve drop his hand to his ass, “Get yourself open and wet for me,” Tony keeps eye contact with Steve as he steps forwards and pressed his cock against Steve’s mouth who whimpers wonderfully beneath him.
“One more, come on Buck, one more.” Steve was standing behind him, hands hovering over the dumb-bell he held in his left hand, or well his prosthetic hand. He curled it up, slowly, one more time that day before letting his friend catch it and place it back on the rack as he made his way over to the bench.
and Steve nearly fell speechless at the defined pout pulling his lover’s lips and the way Tony had so willing obeyed him.
The genius opened his mouth to say something smart but closed it just as quickly. He had to do this and he had to do this right or else he was going to regret everything in his life from this moment on. Okay here goes.
Steve stumbles to the bed be careful not to let his lubed fingers touch anything but himself as he lays down for Tony and spreads his legs wide enough for the other man to see the whole show. Tony doesn’t say anything as he steps towards the bed, knees touching the edge before he stops and strokes himself lazily. Heat tendrils spread down Steve’s back to settle in his cock as he pressed his fingers against his hole and moaned.
“Sorry, Darling, I ramble whenever I’m not well occupied,” Tony would cock his head to the side, dark eyes flashing and in those moments Steve would swear they were a deep blue before he moved and they’d be back to the prettiest shade of brown he had ever imagined.
Tony mewled, fucking mewled, beneath Steve’s onslaught hands touching every inch of the soldier that he could reach, fingers playing at the band of his pants tugging at the leather belt and groaned as their erections rubbed together through strained material.
“I want any and all proof of Captain Rogers hearing the words “I love you” coming from my lips,” he orders.
So he moved back around to work across Steve’s chest, wiping every cut, every scrape, every bruise with careful precision. When he noticed a rather ugly looking bruise spanning out across Steve’s ribs he had leaned forward to kiss the injured flesh and smiled when Steve shuddered beneath his lips and his hand came up to tangle in his hair.
“Its still super early so we can still mosey around mostly unnoticed by the great citizens of New York,” Tony waved his free hand, squeezing Steve’s fingers who, thankfully, squeezed back, “I believe the last time you were here wasn’t an exceptionally marvelous time. Actually, if my snooping recalls correctly, you had run all over town in a desperate act to find out where you were and somehow managed to wind up in the middle of the central park-this was the second time you escaped, am I correct?”
“I was wondering if you’d let me test the new idea for the suit by the way,” He starts in hoping to distract himself, “I honestly think that if we change the style around the pelvic area you would have more space to bend and stretch. It would honestly be a simple fix, I’d just need your suit for a day or two and possibly you for a live model and-” Steve reached out and squeezed Tony’s hand. He closed his mouth, brown eyes catching blue ones as a smirk wrapped around the fork in Steve’s mouth.
“Its okay,” He wasn’t sure what he was okaying just that it seemed to help release some of the tension in Tony’s shoulders as the man continued, “I laid there trying to drift my mind back to Pepper, tried rolling over to her side of the bed to feel her lying there somehow but my mind couldn't conjure her image up. I couldn’t even roll my emotions to feel her absence and it terrified, scared me to the point of a panic attack. Yeah, the great Tony Stark scared himself into a panic attack because he couldn’t smell his girlfriend’s perfume,” His voice had gone small. Steve shifted forward pressing his palm closer to Tony’s fingers. Heart pounding so hard he wasn’t sure if he himself wouldn’t fall to a panic attack. He wanted to reach forward and pull the other man into a hug, press his lips to Tony’s temple and whisper that it would all be okay. Somehow some way everything would be all okay. He wanted so badly to let Tony know it was all going to be- he justed wanted Tony to know.
Licking his thumb he pressed the wetness to the awaiting hole, watching it twitch beneath his digit as Tony squirmed against his fingers. He stilled him, holding him down so he can lean over his lover’s body and press himself against his ear, his cock sliding between his open cheeks to press against the tight heat, “Mmm,” he moaned into Tony’s ear who jumped at the sudden noise, bringing his head up so that his ear came up to Cap’s mouth, “I want you to be very still, Tony, I don’t want you to move as I lick your perfect little hole, opening you up with my tongue, my fingers getting you so stretched and wet just for my cock,” He watched Tony bite back a moan, “But by all means, darling, moan so damn loud our team knows what it's like to belong to me,” with that Cap smacked hard down on Tony’s ass causing him to jump and moan out in painful pleasure before he shivered down to his perch.
“Gross,” Clint murmurs which earns a sharp smack to the back of his head. Wanda and Vision are surprisingly quiet, both of them knew this was coming so there was no shock at the revelation.
Sometimes he needed Steve to be rough, he needed Steve to take charge and remind him who is the boss but he could never ask that of his beloved boyfriend. Steve was an incredible guy with sound morals and sometimes he still acted as if the 1940’s never ended. So to ask him to fuck Tony with his Captain America commanding presence was just too far over the line, at least until Tony started to notice the small hints that Steve’s sexuality was beginning to expand.
Fingers tapped idly against the countertop a nervous tick he never quite kicked as he grew into an adult. His nanny called it his genius tail, you always knew Tony had something gearing in his mind when he couldn’t hold his fingers still. It was one of the first things Steve noticed when he walked into the mansion after his morning run, besides the fact that Tony was awake before seven am. His blue eyes looked over those fingers as they tapped against the expensive counter before briefly pausing to smudge fingerprints only to return to their regular fidgeting.
“You’re one of the best candidates we have.” She had told him, patting him on the shoulder before nudging Stark’s elbow, “If it weren’t for Stark pushing his father to open the company to medical equipment-” she trailed off at the look on Tony’s face turning her smile back on Bucky.
They sipped silently until Tony tilted his head back and sighed loudly, “I had been saving this for almost eight years, did you know that? No, of course not, well, this was Pep’s favorite brand. She had gushed on and on about the sweetness of it her eyes filling with desire as he imagined having a bottle of her own to be had whenever she wished,” He took a deeper drink, refilled the glass and topped Steve’s off, “It took me a year to find the vineyard and soon I owned a whole shipment, threw a party and everything to surprise her. I ended up missing the party- I don’t remember why, but I heard the wine was a hit the following day as Pepper prepared me for a board meeting. I saved a bottle, I don’t really remember why, just that I knew it was in my workshop and everytime Pepper left I remembered it and kept reminding myself to give it to her the next time. Eight years later it’s still sitting in my cooler, just waiting for the next time,” He finished his third glass and set it down, holding the bottle up to examine it in the light before swiftly tossing it against the wall where it shattered and sprayed all along the brick.
Remembering him going through that wormhole made Steve want to collapse in on himself, they hadn’t been together then, they had only just met nearly months previously but Steve had been drawn to Tony from their first argument. It nearly killed him seeing him- He had to stop.
Clint knew Bucky would never leave, ever, not without Steve at his side to ride off into the sunset with.
Steve halted, his hips jerky as Tony milked him dry and kept tight around him as he worked through his orgasm. Tony knew not to expect Steve to go soft, perks of the serum was ridiculous rebound time, but he was always amazed at just how hard his boyfriend could stay until he was well spent. It made for some interesting late night discoveries. “Woah,” Steve breathed finally pulling himself from Tony’s mouth and helping him stand up.
Steve starts to pull out, worry and fear lacing his eyes because he can see the tears Tony is trying to hold back but before he can pull out Tony grips his backside and pushes him back in. Those red rimmed brown orbs pleading with him to not stop and God, Steve would do anything for Tony.
“No, afraid not.” Steve tensed at the unfamiliar female voice. “I understand that you’re part of the reason that I won’t be seeing him myself, Captain. Or at least those in that Tower.”
The ding of the elevator pulled Tony back to the present, and he was moving down the hall. He peeked his head in the gym, or well what was finished of it so far. There were at least punching bags, and a sparring corner set up. As soon as Steve was inside, Tony closed the door and pulled Steve over to him. The blonde stumbled a bit, but Tony was still moving, hands holding onto his shirt, leaning up to press his lips to Steve's.
"Then someone isn't treating you right." He rolled his eyes, heading over to the pants section. His closet was generously big, and stocked, thanks to Tony. "Seriously, Steve. This is overboard. And you told Mary!"
"You know, we're going to have to actually have a talk about what this means," Steve said before taking a bite of his eggs. Tony raised an eyebrow at him, waiting for him to swallow. "Not that kissing you isn't fun-"
"I can try and stop some evil alien from getting to you though," Steve huffed out. Tony smiled a little.
"Daddy!" Tony was pulled out of his thoughts, and grinned at Peter, stepping forward to gather the boy in his arms.
There was a picture of him and his wife, the same one that had been in his SHIELD file, sitting in a silver frame. On the other side was a picture of the founding members of SHIELD, and Steve smiled faintly. There was the young Howard Stark that Steve knew, standing next to Peggy Carter. Next to that picture was one of himself. It was after the Howling Commandos had gotten back from a mission, and Steve had been laughing at something that Bucky had said, just out of frame. Steve looked around the desk, looking back to the picture of Howard and Maria, looking for a family picture with Tony in it. But there wasn't one.
“Shit,” Steve breathed out and slammed the shield into the ice and tried to leverage himself up. The shield started to ice over as he put his hands on it and he was slipping back down. Instead of his feet meeting solid ground in the water he was falling back, and down, into more water. Steve took a quickly breath before he was sinking down, hand reaching for the shield.
Steve was sitting on the couch in Mary's apartment now, a book in his hands, peter asleep in his bed. Mary said she was on her way back home, and told Steve not to worry about anything but making sure that Peter was asleep in bed. At the same time that he heard Mary's key jingling in the lock, her tablet on the coffee table lit up. Steve closed his book, frowning, and looked at it as Mary walked in.
