Tony was technically a consultant for PLASM but despite his grumbling at the title, he had taken the role to heart. They’d eventually moved to the newly opened Stark Tower in New York and Tony had made room for the rest of the team to stay. He had also taken it upon himself to design new gear for Clint and Natasha and Steve was learning quickly about ghosts and psychokinetic energies, particle physics, and robotics just from Tony’s general rambling as he had worked into the night.
Tony spun mid-air and took his mark. Thor summoned his lightning onto the Colonel and, while the Colonel was still dazed, Tony body-slammed into the Colonel’s head just as Thor swung his hammer into the Colonel’s chin in a powerful arc.
“—Nine to Five every other Thursday, Tony. I know. And you’re not a consultant anymore so don’t pretend otherwise.”
“Wow,” Tony says under his breath, “I would have thought that my dreams would erase Pepper’s terrible taste in art.”
Meditation. It didn't work. He couldn't empty his mind and he couldn't focus on any part of his body without immediately veering into fantasizing how it would feel under Steve's tongue. He couldn't keep his breathing even and he ended up panting from the exertion of keeping his hands off himself. So he took to the treadmill, which also didn't work. Running with a boner just wasn't logistical. He tried a few routines at his wooden dummy but he ended up being smacked in the face more than anything. He took one look at 'electroconvulsion therapy' on the list and moved straight on. He took a cold shower again. He imagined licking Steve open under the spray of water. He couldn't take it anymore. He flopped back onto the cot after two hours, buzzing out of his skin with
It was approaching winter and this was the third call-out for a Class Seven Other Dimensional Entity this month, approximately three more than the usual number of Class Seven cases. The team had started to get a little tired of constantly hearing Fury’s call-out sirens. After a sloppy mission which had resulted in a flattened art museum for only a Class Five haunting, Fury had decided to hand off the lower class paranormal disturbances to the smaller support teams of PLASM and reserved the Avengers for city-levelling paranormal activity.
There was a choking sound from the bathroom and Steve took a few hurried steps toward the door in alarm. Did Tony trip? He hadn’t exactly been dry when he came out in just a short towel—
What? Tony snapped his mouth shut and studied the Captain’s dimly lit features as the other man slowly walked towards him. He couldn’t make out the expression. He thought he saw recognition there but his brain was probably just playing wish fulfillment with him.
“I’m fine,” Tony said harshly. And he was. He felt more rejuvenated and energized than he had since… since as long as he remembered. It had all been because of that damned
) repeated, drawing closer still. “Anywhere I want to go. And I want to go to Coney Island. Just the two of us. I’ll win you a bear and buy you cotton candy.”
Not twenty minutes had gone by when Starnes returned with Murdock in tow.
When Starnes started listing the damages to Steve, Tony simply offered to build a better shed but he was met with an aloof upturn of a rather high nose.
As Steve spoke, Tony was aware that there was a second source of light blooming around them. He turned his head and saw a starburst of pure white light grow just over Steve’s shoulder.
"That’s rich coming from you," Tony retorted. "Why'd you dodge your part yesterday? We were having a moment." Tony squinted at the ceiling, trying to remember. "Weren't we? And you were the one who ran!"
In many ways, kissing Tony was a re-enactment of their entire tumultuous history. The turbulent times where one or the both of them had been presumed dead. The highs and lows of them forming and breaking the Avengers again and again. The crushing pain of betrayals and divides.
century walking behavior subconsciously. His thumb hovered over Iron Man’s name and he thought for two seconds before he tapped it for a call. It was early in the day but Steve could still call to make sure the hit Iron Man took in the fight earlier hadn’t done too much damage. The phone rang for two more seconds and went through to voicemail.
“So you’re coming up to fit him with it?” Natasha asks, buckling in, hopeful, because Tony can be impulsive, but not liking where this is really going.
“Maria!” Howard yells. “Get Tony out of here!”
He shook his head. There was no point in dwelling on it. The train was wrecked and miles behind, and Timely, evacuated or not, was safe for the moment. He called out to Stark then broke into a slow run.
“Focus!” Steve called through the comms. “Clint, do you have enough ammo to keep the blob stunned?”
Tony was translucent.
"Killing would have achieved noth—"
And just a few weeks ago, rogue soldiers had ridden in to Timely, again, covered in dust and the rags of what once could have been uniforms. They had taken over the inn for the better part of a week, bragging about the Indian’s they’d rounded up and sent off. Steve had kept a close eye on the newcomers, lounging at the bar most days with a hand on his pistol. Tony had taken to following Steve like a dog with a bone and the both of them had ended up in a corner of the inn one night, Tony getting steadily drunk, and Steve getting steadily more agitated at the increasingly raucous scene towards the middle of the inn.
Tony groaned and dropped his head onto the hard surface of the bench. The tools rattled. He closed his eyes and all he could see was Steve. Steve’s smile. Steve’s face twisted in ecstasy as he comes, legs spread, Tony’s fingers insi—
Tony had no rebuttal. It wasn’t entirely out of the possibilities.
No quick fix, then.
Steve turns around to face them with a straight back, an arm around Tony’s shoulders and a hand under Tony’s thigh. Tony twists in Steve arms but doesn’t appear to be letting go any time soon.
with me—“
That night when Tony slept, Steve stayed in bed with him and watched the glow of the light in Tony’s chest, the glow of Tony’s heart.
“Done deal,” Tony said, now grinning. He shifted closer to Steve and Steve would’ve felt the warmth from the proximity if this had been a dream. Tony fidgeted with his hands and Steve wanted to feel the motion beneath his own. “I have a favor to ask.”
Tony’s eyes widen at the name and Steve can’t help but smile at the awe in that expression. It reflects what Steve feels about Tony most days when he thought about all that the man had been through. “I’ve never heard of this Iron Man before,” Tony says and leans eagerly towards Steve. “What did he do?”
“It’s not my fault if your bedmates happen to find my bed more likeable than yours,” the blond said sharply. “Or what secrets you choose to tell them. Or that my technology is the next big breakthrough rather than your cute little energy plug.”
“I vote Big Guns,” Clint said immediately.
He had left Stark in charge of evacuating the town while he rode on to catch the train. Fisk must have somehow gotten to Stark. If Steve had been any slower in stopping the train—
? Yeah, I’m not. I’m going to study this thing by studying myself, gather some data, and by the time I'm not constantly distracted by fantasies about fucking you into every solid surface in the Tower and beyond, maybe I can come to a conclusion as to what exactly the kid pulled on us and maybe get a paper or two out of it in a journal that wouldn’t mind accepting prolonged, repeated masturbation as a variable. Bruce was on the editorial board of a few of them so maybe I have a chance if they still accept the word of Hulk. He knows more about this than me. Your turn.”
“Lucid dreaming, Cap,” Tony says. He pokes at Steve’s chest. Steve sways back at even the small amount of force behind that gesture and Tony laughs, looking at his own finger. He looks up at Steve again, excited. “I was going to let you test it out after a little more practice on my end but it looks like everything’s working. This is a dream, right? I’m lucid and in control?”
“That chicken wouldn’t be for riding,” Bruce commented.
Steve crawled up to give Tony a small kiss beneath his jaw then lowered himself back down to suck in the tip of Tony's cock without preamble. Tony's hip jumped and a colorful string of curses reached Steve's ears. He snaked an arm under one of Tony's shaking thighs and gripped it tight, holding Tony still. He felt fingers latch onto his hair tightly with no leverage by itself and from this angle.
This was well beyond T'Challa's position to deal with. "Zemo is secured in the Quinjet for transport," he said. He didn't wait to see if Stark connected the dots. He donned his black helmet and made to leave. Stark was mobile and not in need of immediate medical assistance. That had to be enough.
As he reached for the single cup of steaming coffee that sat in the middle of the island, Natasha nudged a glass of water at him and gave him a very pointed look. Tony sighed and gulped half down before returning the look.
faze New Yorkers. They were a resilient lot and Steve couldn’t help but smile at this one constant in the future.
Tony huffed. “I’m going to take the day off tomorrow. Have Larry-what’s-his-name cancel everything. Lounge in the sun.” Maybe take a more private bath, this time making sure Steve was far, far away….
Back in the room, his observation room, he stared out into the city he’d once loved. It had changed so much, new buildings rising and falling as the powers around them warred over nothing and everything. His was a dying breed. Hunted. Killed. Experimented on. Any one of these buildings around this nest of backstabbing liars could still have a friend or two of his in it. Screaming, dying. He used to fly through the skyscrapers, an armored arm around his ribs as held tight to an armored shoulder. He remembered the laughter and the joy. The smile framed in red and gold. The easy silences and the purposeful days. The lazy afternoons and the heated nights.
But Tony Stark had not.
And then he realizes that they were in bed. Together. Naked.
“I’m so sorry, Bruce, Thor. We, uh, we got caught up and, uh—"
The hands on his face slipped away and Tony opened his eyes to the sight of Steve being pulled back towards the blooming white light. He used the last of his strength, his will, to stand and reach for Steve, only to catch the final brush of Steve’s fingertips as he was drawn into the light.
Thor guffaws in amusement. “Though our good Captain presents as the ideal Midgardian image of masculinity, he would be the mother.”
Steve lay back further into his couch and closed his eyes. He heard Tony walk to his armchair and settle down. There was the sound of paper shuffling.
“I know you have a comfortable bed, Sheriff,” Tony said quietly to the room at large, “And so do I for that matter, but you are simply too heavy for me to carry so this will have to do.”
Tony laughs but moves to sit back into his car. He looks wistful, but she won’t force him. “I wasn’t kidding about the pug,” Tony says, then sits back in and rolls down the window to look back up at her. “But I’ll keep what you said in mind.”
“Tony.”
it. He didn’t have a
Steve, appropriately impressed, pulled Tony’s hand up to his eyes for a closer examination. Tony scooted closer to the bars and waited for the verdict. He held his hand loose as Steve pulled at the contraption this way and that, pushing up the sleeve of Tony’s coat and shirt to see how it was strapped to Tony’s forearm.
“Witch!” the kid screamed at him from down on the street. “I’m a witch! And I'm eighteen! I’m not a kid!”
"I take it our small town isn't on track to be reduced to cinders?" Stark asked sunnily.
“That was the vibranium core,” Tony mused out loud through his breathlessness. “I’ve never heard of any ghosts reacting with their anchor like that but most anchors aren’t objects buried in people’s bodies. I’ll chat with Bruce. Don’t worry about it.” He felt invigorated, like the past few weeks of general fatigue had just rolled off his shoulders. Even his eyesight was less blurry and no longer bright around the edges. He ignored the tightness of a certain part of his anatomy though. Thank his foresight for the cup.
Iron Man knew how to look past the shield and the star and the wings on Steve’s head. Steve cherished their interactions; just a normal conversation was something he craved on his lonelier days.
Tony looks good. He’s maybe built up a little more muscle mass, and isn’t getting more white hairs. Good. Tony, evidently, decides to make things weird as usual.
When Tony had been at MIT, two heads shorter and three shades angrier than everyone else present, his second certainty had shattered. A giant marshmallow man had walked the streets of New York and though Tony hadn’t been present, Howard had. And for all of Howard’s failings as a father, he was the source of Tony’s scientific foundation and Tony would not turn away evidence when presented with it. The same thing had happened again, a few years before his parents had died. The damned
“You get to face the door, Mister Stark,” Steve said. He gave Tony’s cock one stroke, taking in Tony’s choked sob, then gripped at Tony’s hips.
The man,
Tony suppressed the urge to roll his eyes as he drifted out of the way of a shot of pink energy. “Witch, then. Listen, witch. I know a guy who can help you control those party tricks of yours—“
Steve reached through Tony’s hands into the arc reactor but he couldn’t feel anything there. He couldn’t feel the tug of the anchor anymore.
"And we'll need to ride with you," the Captain said, coming to a conclusion just as fast. "Leave the Quinjet for Tony. If he's willing to take Zemo. Taking Zemo in will protect him from whatever punishment they'd have for him. Only if he's willing." And it would spare himself and his friend, he didn't say.
“Thank you,” Steve said after a moment. “I’m just glad you’re sleeping well again. And alive.” He paused, a twinkle appearing in his eye, a corner of his mouth lifted in a smirk. “I figured you for a fantasy buff. It was fun.”
“So I didn’t,” Tony said, seated on the back of his couch.
There was one thing he was craving, one thing to satisfy the itchy heat crawling beneath his skin and the thoughts inflaming his mind: Steve.
“Clint,” Steve called through the comms. “Progress?”
“You’re anchored to the arc reactor?” Tony asked.
“Just a set of coordinates. A name. A place,” Steve said. He fiddled with the cuffs of his navy uniform as he walked in a circle. Tony had always liked it when he wore blue. Another slow circle, and the agent finally spoke up again.
Oh, God.
“I see friendships have been forged,” Tony said by way of announcing his presence. He pulled out a stool by Natasha and dragged a plate of bacon and eggs toward himself. It had definitely been prepared by his kitchen staff. He was sure Clint would have burnt the eggs just because he could.
He stowed his phone (telephone, computer, and the secret little tracking setup he’d taken five days to figure out how to turn off) away and tried to walk the paths like he always had early last century.
Tony readied his micromissile array and waited.
“Huh.”
Message complete.”
Natasha drums her fingers on the table. “Bruce will be back next week,” she says. Bucky stiffens minutely across from her and she slides her foot forward to nudge his ankle. He jumps at the contact and widens his eyes at her in disbelief. She gives him an innocent smile before continuing, raising her hand in the process. “We’ll bring him in on this. He’s been helping via emails but Phase Four's going to presence. Agreed?”
Clint and Natasha lowered their weapons fractionally and raised their goggles. Natasha’s expression was as impassive as ever but Clint was staring wide-eyed at Cap in glee.
But it wasn’t
And with that, they’re two floors down, outside in the sunlight, and panting from laughter and embarrassment mingled.
“Wait,” Tony interrupted, brain catching up, “that was actually you there? And not my brain adjusting to the times?”
) hardened Steve’s cock even further and he bit his lip to keep quiet. Tony pushed one finger into himself, then another. He thrust them in and out and spread them, and Steve could see into him past the shiny ring of muscle. Tony added another finger then moaned as he pushed them in to the knuckle. Steve almost reached out then, not wanting Tony to hurt himself, but Tony looked like he was enjoying it.
“What have you done?” Steve breathed.
“—talking. It’s usually something sentimental or, well, extremely angry and violent more often than not, but we’ll be helping you move on in no time. Just tell us anything and everything you want to do.”
Tony tried to shake his head. “I can make it—I can use it—“ his throat stopped working and his vision was fading.
“Oh, my God, Steve,” Tony rasped out, hands clenching on his tensed thighs. “Are you sure you’re not reading off a teleprompter projected from my brain?”
Giant Colonel Sanders let out a roar and swiped a large hand at Tony just as Tony flew in to fire a few proton shots at the Colonel’s eyes.
Steve would have wanted to help.
What? “What? What do you mean?”
As Tony continued to stand by the doorway with his jaw slacken like a fool, the man turned around and one - solid - Steven Rogers stood to face Tony with an open but neutral expression. There was no recognition in those blue eyes. There was none of the amusement. None of the glinting playfulness. None of
It was Extremis that did it. It took away everything human Steve lov—liked about Tony. Tony Stark was a workaholic. Tony would always be a workaholic. But since Extremis, Steve was never able to catch Tony in his down time because Tony never had down time anymore; he’d programmed it out of himself. A very long time ago, Tony as Iron Man had likened himself to a machine, a robot. That was when he had a chest plate attached to himself all hours of the day. Now, Tony’s skin was pristine, wiped clean of all the little scars and imprints of injuries left through the years. Tony looked as gorgeous as he ever had, so soft and human except he
“Look, Steve,” Sam says slowly, “He doesn’t call, email, or text any of the rest of us every other minute. He joins us when we really need him in the field. And he’s got his Tower to run and his company to oversee. And,” Sam hesitates, not sure if he should be revealing the next bit to Steve, “he comes by every fortnight or so, usually meeting with Natasha in town to hand over tech.”
When he could see again, he was staring at the white star of a certain uniform, held tight in warm, strong arms.
He felt his heart pound again at the memory of a moment ago, at the sight of the tan of Tony’s skin, and the small dips of bone and muscle at his hip. He raised a hand to his chest and pressed hard but couldn’t feel anything there. Phantom physiology, Bruce had called it, not unlike living people feeling their missing limbs.
“What.”
Pepper had been giving him less and less work, throwing him worried looks whenever he’d turned up at her office. JARVIS had him scanned daily but outside of his increasing grumpiness and clumsy-handed work, he was as healthy as anyone could be with a cluster of shrapnel housed snugly in his chest. He’d tried to sleep it off and had DUM-E and U make him smoothies every day to boost his nutrient intake. Just like the good ol’ days where he’d been dying via palladium reaction products.
“Sharon likes your flying.”
He hoped Tony would understand.
He rubbed at his chest, where the scars still marred the skin. The scar from the wound that should have killed him. That should have let him die with Ton—
“Hey, man,” Sam says, dishing out the risotto Nero. “Good to have you back.”
Tony huffs louder and takes an obnoxiously loud drink of beer, slamming the glass back onto the table harder than he really should. “Trouble follows me like an imprinted duckling.”
He wiped the tears from his face, smiling at the fading light and the silhouette of the man he loved fading with it.
He looked up with a squint when a booted foot nudged his knee.
Stark was silent once again, and T'Challa held his own tongue.
Tony sat up with a sigh. He took the food from U and waved the little bot off with a pat; he hadn't had food for almost twelve hours and he'd probably need the fluids. He ate the burger in three bites and chugged down the smoothie before continuing.
“What do you feel from it?” Natasha asked. Tony continued to cough egg out of his throat and she reached around to slap at his back. He gave her a grateful smile and tried to breathe as he processed Steve’s words.
The ground shook again and the Fallen screeched again in victory.
Even though Steve had looked like he was drowning in his one best suit, he'd loved the look of it if only because it was the one he would see the most often. He loved the idea of it. The fabric frayed over the years and somehow the threadbare smoothness of it had only made Steve love it more. He'd pretended it was one of those patterned silk numbers with the broad shoulders and sharp lines he'd seen the rich men wearing over in Manhattan or in the pictures, or one of the nicer jackets Bucky sometimes put on for nights out dancing. Those richly cut fabrics looked striking on the imposing figures of men who had money and power to show it. If his eyes had lingered on the stretch of fabric across the flex of a man's biceps or the subtle bulge underneath the smooth front of fitted pants, well, it wasn't a problem for him. Steve never thought he would have the chance to be there in the spotlights with them or rub shoulders with them.
Steve continued to stare at Tony and Tony stared right back at Steve.
“Same as Sam. Nada,” Bucky says. He turns to gesture at a passing waiter. “Steve has the worst case of Ugly Duckling Syndrome I have ever encountered.” The waiter returns with a glass of water and Bucky thanks him, taking a sip before continuing. “If I had a guy like Tony come after me I’d—“ and he shuts up, a horrified expression crossing his face. Rhodey muffles his laughter in his own drink and Sam and Clint laugh outright and then try to cover it up by drinking.
“Howard?”
Bruce glances at Thor and gets a bemused grin back.
"Can I trust he will be delivered to the right authorities without further injuries?" T'Challa asked as a matter of course.
The fighting had stopped at the sound of a stool breaking over a man’s back and every one of the rogues had turned to face Tony with their bloody fists raised. Then one man had dropped his fists. And ran to Tony with a yell of recognition and began to shake Tony’s hands, thanking him for his efforts. For his contribution. For helping them kill all those Southern rat bastards and showing them their place. And Tony had dropped the stool legs, and left without a word.
“No?” Sam asks, dodging another drone, this one faster and more agile, having learnt from its fallen comrades.
“Because I was standing next to and looking at Thor when it happened and my first thought was still of you,” came the reply without pause.
He’d lost sight of the fight at the end; it had been him against them, him saying “no” and Stark saying “please”. He’d forgotten why he’d picked up the shield in the first place. He’d destroyed the goodwill and trust of the people he was supposed to protect and he had cast himself as the righteous and rewritten the history in his own head to achieve a victory he didn’t get.
A small drone, the size of a football, dropped down from the sky and hovered above his knee. It was sleek and rounded, showing no visible seams.
The door opened without warning and a familiar if much older figure stood before him.
“At your service, sir,” JARVIS replied immediately.
“Onwards, then?” Thor says. Bruce shuts the door and they move on. If not reading in the library, then maybe arts in the Craft Studio.
It was in the way Tony fought for control, lips insistent and molding Steve’s to his own; the way he tugged at Steve’s back, the way he pulled Steve’s hands to wrap around his hip, and the way he directed Steve’s probing tongue with his own.
The rush of spirits slowed and finally stopped. The displaced air returned with a gust, but still the Stone was nowhere in sight. He looked down at this chest, where the arc reactor was glowing green. Had the Stone migrated back into the arc reactor? It couldn’t be inside, could it?
He’s too late.
“Wow,” Tony said, still breathless. “I didn’t know I needed that on my bucket list but apparently I do.”
The shield. Of course. They'd never found Steve. His father had never found Steve. Steve could have gone down anywhere over the North Atlantic. The Arctic was a vast, everchanging landscape so the search for Captain America should not have been expected to be immediately fruitful, even if Howard never accepted the failures. And now, Nick Fury had just gone and found it, just like that. At Steve's prompt.
The first time Steve and Tony kissed, Tony didn’t remember it. It had been more of a clash of teeth, a bump of noses, a warm sliding of tongues. And then Tony had gasped, hiccupped, and blacked out.
Tony was breathing hard, his shoulders heaving and making the thin layer of sweat on his skin shine with every twitch of muscle. He undid the clasp and zip of his pants quickly and let them drop to the floor. He stepped out, taking his socks and shoes with them then spread his legs wide, showing Steve his dusky entrance. Steve twitched in his pants but he clenched his fists tight on his own lap, keeping up the appearance of calm.
“Howard, it’s—“
“Oh Christ, Romanoff,” Tony sputters out, hands thrown up. “You know he’s probably going to end up throwing me out the window.”
Steve nudged at the shattered ankle of the agent and watched curiously as the man screamed through gritted teeth. He kicked it again for good measure, then stood to pace just outside the cone of light.
Sam silently praises the sun. “Look, here’s what you’ll do. Next time he video calls, ask him to stick around when he visits. Take him to that café. Have some fun. It doesn’t have to be a date. It can just be two good friends having some fun in town. Let it develop from there.”
“Media Room then?” Bruce guesses.
Steve.
“It was your
“Do you remember when I used to wander Avengers Mansion at night?” Steve started to say, hoping he was going in the right direction. “Do you remember when we used to talk into the night? It started there. You helped me relax into the future. And you helped me relax at the end of the day when I couldn’t sleep. That old two-seater with the gold trim?” Steve traced its outline with his hands in the air. “We talked a lot in that seat. We fell asleep there a lot as well. Together. It started there, it started from there, and it never stopped until—until last year. Until Extremis.”
Tony looked up and saw Steve staring back at him, wide-eyed. Steve immediately withdrew his hand and took a hasty step back.
Tony waited for him to continue but there was only more silence. “Steve?” he tried after a worrying amount of time passed without anything further from Steve.
"You're going against the Accords if you do this," Stark said, voice low. "You don't know Ross like I do. You don't know what he would do to get at Barnes."
He turns with the shield’s momentum and puts a few feet between himself and the Skull in the Valkyrie’s bridge.
Jim sits back into his seat and looks around the bar. Tony fumes at him over his own drink from across the table. The bar has filled up a little more since they arrived but their corner, the tables around them are still empty. He’ll have to thank the waitress when they leave. He takes a drink.
?" He finally turned his head to look at T'Challa. There were tear tracks cutting through the congealing blood on his face but his eyes were dry and clear. "I don't know if this is worse. They're still dead. It shouldn't matter, but it does. I can't blame Howard for being with SHIELD and I can't blame mom for supporting that. They made it work. But she didn't have to die. She—They—I memorized the reports."
Thor grins at him. “Of course, Bruce.”
“Cap!” Tony calls out from beneath the sheets. “Tell me a Howling Commando story!”
“Right now," Steve said, breath ghosting over Tony's lips. "I just want to see you come. Then you can fuck me through a bed.”
“So, tell me about the bulldog.”
A gust blew up around the Trap and slowly, the Class Seven entity possessing the fried chicken mascot was drawn into it.
“Party at Avengers Tower after Kang,” Tony said slowly, eyes narrowing.
He let go of Tony’s hand and stepped back with all his cards finally open on the table. Whatever Tony decided, at least he would know now that Steve still cared. That Steve still valued their relationship. That Steve still wanted everything they’d once had and maybe even more.
This close, he could smell the sooty, metallic tang that always hovered around Tony. He slid off and teased at the skin under the head with his lips where Tony was most sensitive. It earned him a sharp intake of breath and a hard tug at his scalp. With his free hand, he reached up and under Tony's shirts to rub soothingly at Tony's chest. Tony's breathing slowed just a little, his thighs relaxing. Steve gave the side of Tony's cock a sloppy kiss then dove down, sheathing his mouth upon Tony's girth until his nose bumped wiry hair and skin.
“You sound like you’re saying that you’d rather two universes’ worth of lives,
Steve paused. “I want to feel like a part of this world again,” he said. “Get changed out of this costume and go somewhere crowded. Be with the people.”
“I’m having trouble trying to process Captain America saying ‘cuddle’ and admitting to participating in the act—“
And it was also a hell of an actual second kiss.
Or maybe it was simply because only Steve was always the one closest him in these situations. But then, that was why Iron Man sought Steve out in the first place, wasn’t it? That was why Iron Man was always by Steve’s side, wasn’t it? Because he trusted Steve? Because he was comfortable in Steve’s presence? Steve liked to believe that. Iron Man never cuddled up to anyone else anyway.
The first time it had happened, Steve himself hadn’t been all that awake to process it. They’d been in the drawing room of Avengers Mansion late one night, Steve reading, and Iron Man looking over schematics of something complicated. Iron Man had asked for some creative input from Steve, Steve had moved to help, they’d both sat down on the small two-seater, and the next thing Steve knew a warm weight had lifted from his side and the sun was up again.
“Finally,” Stark said, his face turned towards Steve but not quite looking at him. “Was beginning to think you’d found another puppy and left me here alone to deal with the raff.”
Steve is in a cave lit from above by an open patch of ceiling. Tony is clutching at a rectangular black box. It was plugged into his chest.
“It feels like it’s just
A few moments later, his dick gave a twitch as it tried to harden again. Steve, on the other hand, was more than a little bit hard. It appeared that he’d missed out on quite a lot with Steve and it was presenting an interesting problem.
do anything, it’s of our own accord, and not because some kid threw a hissy fit and made us do it. I refuse to be controlled by something that does not have at least some kind of scientific explanation because, let me tell you, I am
Steve lowered his hands, the paper crumpling loudly into his lap, and looked at Tony.
throat and felt it cut into the phantom flesh. The
The entire armor twitched and Steve scanned Tony up and down, alarmed.
. Steve was solid and human and alive and
They’d spent their weekends and nights cycling between catching Steve up to 21
Something colder than the air around him cut through to T'Challa's stomach. "He is dead?"
Five minutes to five and Steve was losing himself in the crowds on the sidewalk. He checked his phone as he walked briskly against the traffic, having no destination but also not wanting to show it.
Steve looked taken aback for a moment, but pulled out the black phone. They both looked at it, as if it would ring under the scrutiny, but it stayed dark and silent.
This is different. “What?” Steve asks, thrown.
Natasha nudges at Rhodey to make room for her in the booth and she sits down, arranges her dress, and then clasps her hands in front of her. Clint joins them moments later, new drinks in hand which he hands to everyone.
The guards hesitated, but nodded and backed away. Steve remembered that Tony and Richards had been the ones to set up this prison in the first place. Fitting, how he was always going to be surrounded by Tony from now on. He should hate it.
Steve hummed then took off his gloves and reached through the bars, miming for the deck. Tony handed the cards over and continued to recount his story, watching Steve’s fingers play over the curling edges of the cards as he shuffled.
Tony opened his eyes. There was nothing but darkness and he was floating, unable to tell up from down. He raised a hand to wave in front of his face but couldn’t see it, could only feel it.
“I’m not the only one with sex on mind at all times, Captain Fondue.”
Tony grinned. “New card game I picked up from Barton. Something like poker.”
Steve spread Tony wider with his knees then gave a single, sharp thrust up into Tony’s tight heat. Tony cried out again, but got Steve’s point, and started up the pace again, arms bracketing Steve and braced on the armrest, lifting and falling onto Steve’s cock with wild abandon. Steve dipped his head to mouth at the skin of Tony’s shoulder. The salty musk, the hint of iron, made him groan and he thrust once, hard, into Tony as Tony pressed down onto him.
– heat, sweat, skin, tongue,
Natasha sits back and watches the small buildings give way to trees and grass as they chatter about the lighter sides of their lives.
“How do you know we haven’t just gotten rid of it entirely?”
What was it that Spengler’s old files had hypothesized? That the ghosts they’d dealt with were simply the remnants of souls which had moved on. Souls. The essence of human life. It was no wonder that Steve had been more human than any Class Three or Four haunting had ever been. They were remnants, imprints; but Steve had been
Steve’s heart sank.
Jim holds his hands up. “I have eyes. But I don’t swing that way. And I certainly wouldn’t poach.”
doing
The door behind him opened and closed silently. Steve kept still, listening to the sound of footsteps across the plush carpet. The weight, the tread; it was definitely Tony. He’d not seen Tony in so long, each of them having been too busy with work, but he would always recognize the signs of Tony’s presence. He waited until Tony was just a few feet away from the desk before turning the chair around, dramatic.
Tony woke the next morning looking lighter and brighter than Steve had ever seen him. He seemed to be pretending that the previous night’s talk hadn’t happened, but from then on, Tony became more open with Steve, more honest, more casual, hiding less behind sarcasm. He started taking Steve out at night to visit the sights of the 21
T'Challa looked between the man's face and his armored hand. "They won't know. And Wakanda will stop them easily if they come. Will
And he’s cut off by Steve’s mouth and he hums happily into the kiss, morning breath be damned. He deepens the kiss, reveling in the fact that he can touch.
In front of him, Tony’s breath stuttered then ceased and Steve, always afraid of this happening whenever Tony dropped too deep into his cups, panicked. He lunged forward, pressing one hand to Tony’s chest to check his heart, and another to his nose and mouth.  He was about to slap Tony awake, having felt a steady beating beneath his hand, when Tony snorted once then opened his eyes and stared up at Steve.
The young man takes it with a joyous smile and Steve almost smiles himself until he sees the young man’s cheeks turn the red and black of burning, and blood blooms all over his army fatigues.
Who was Tony, to deprive Steve of that? He’d started to fall so hard, so fast, he hadn’t even realized that there could’ve been no one there to catch him when he did.
Tony’s moans became short and breathless, loud and uncontrolled. The tug of the anchor pulled taut and a wave of heat surged up Steve’s palm, settling in his chest at his own heart. It grew tighter and tighter, hotter and hotter, almost agonizing in its intensity. With a final stroke, all the pressure released, and Steve tipped his head forward, mouth open, groaning at the pleasure of the heat swelling and bursting inside him.
Tony found that he didn’t care.
“Is that all you know how to say? Names?” Tony cut in. “How do you even know Howard?”
“A shame,” Rhodey adds, sarcasm full-blown.
“You’ve got a lot of options is what I’m trying to tell you, hot stuff,” Stark said cheerfully.
The agent spat out another mouthful of blood and frowned. “Why do you want to know?”
The slick sounds of Steve's fingers inside Tony were loud even over the engines and Tony's moans, and Steve added more lube to ease his way deeper. A rivulet of it ran down his wrist and he grabbed the only loose fabric he had near him to wipe it away. The bright red, white, and blue of his own pocket square was a lovely contrast to the tan of Tony's skin and the darker hue of Tony's suit. Without thinking, he pulled his fingers out of Tony and shoved the silken cloth into Tony's quivering hole. Tony twitched, moaned, and Steve soothed him with a gentle kiss to the cheek before sitting back onto his heels to admire the view of his colors stuffed in Tony's ass.
Bucky almost chokes mid-drink but recovers quickly. “Yep,” he says, wiping at his mouth with his flesh hand. “I’ve even got a little extra sensation going on at the fingertips.” He wiggles his metal fingers at Steve for emphasis.
This was how war was always written, with the winners on a pedestal and the losers cast to damnation. No one ever remembered why a war began until it was too late. Steve knew this intimately; he’d died for his country, in a war that would have taken more lives than if he had not. It had been a small price to pay, to lose all that he held dear in a past life and to live on without it in this new one. He’d been elevated to something close to sainthood, the deaths of millions swept aside to wave his exploits of bravery as a symbol of victory and superiority. Steve hated it, hated the lies, but he’d lived with it because in the end, it had been worth it.
“Go ahead, JARVIS,” Tony ordered. The glass lowered and Tony felt the Pacific breeze on the back of his neck. The battered Mark VI hovered inside and landed to Tony’s left with a dull clunk. Controlled by JARVIS, it raised both palms and Tony heard the repulsors charge, the pink glow of protonic energy glowing at its palms. Reassured, Tony turned back to the entity. “Alright, buddy, make with the words before I shoot you in the face.”
information are you?” Stark tacked the question on as Steve was still processing the answer. There was a hint of panic in Stark’s voice that was probably supposed to have been masked by the smirk.
Tony would have hurt.
Thor lands with a booming laugh after being enclosed in a circling maneuver that would have shattered most aircrafts together. Bruce accepts a bone-crushing hug and they make their way through the open hanger door to where red lights are shimmering from the back.
Tony sobered up immediately. “I’m my own boy, thank you very much.” He signalled for JARVIS to keep the Mark VI on standby and then dropped himself into the armchair by the bed. If this was actually a lucid dream or a hallucination, he was going to make the best out of it. “How’d you get here? Have you always been around? How well did you actually know Howard—“
He stood, and pressed himself to Tony, letting Tony’s naked back brush against the buckles and zips of his uniform. He gripped at Tony’s ass and kneaded at the tight flesh.
There were no clouds, no rain, no thunderstorm to punctuate the moment when it had happened. There were none of the protesters denouncing Captain America as a hero of their nation, no radicals calling for the blood of the rogue capes, no adoring fans screaming their love for Iron Man. Captain America was not the hero but the villain. Captain America had brought destruction and fear to a country, a world full of people who had believed in him. Iron Man had been the poor hero who’d tried to stop the Captain’s rampage and had only barely survived to emerge as the savior and victor.
Two hours later, after feeding samples from his armor and biological samples from himself through several machines, after multiple EEG scans and physical and cognitive tests, after a priapism scare that didn't amount to anything because his dick looked and felt absolutely normal beyond the part where it was constantly hard and begging for contact, Tony was stumped for a quick answer. Everything was normal. Everything was normal except for the increasingly vivid images in his mind of the broad expanse of Steve’s naked back, the flex of Steve's abs, the need to taste Steve’s di—
Steve started to get used to having Iron Man curled to his side with the crown of the helmet pressed to the crook of his neck, and sometimes with an armored arm wriggled into the space between his back and the cushions of a couch. It was comfortable, mentally if not always physically, to know that Iron Man trusted him this much—that anyone could trust him this much.
“It’ll happen anyway,” Bruce said, equally exasperated, but Tony saw him message the PLASM support teams through the Quinjet comms.
to this new time - and Steve had never really dwelled on physical appearances anyway. He’d never thought Tony would be conscious of it either.
nightmare.
There was a short flight home from this little trip; he could show Tony his appreciation then. That nice Tom Ford three-piece was ruined beyond all hope, but really, any suit was a good look on Tony. And sometimes even Steve had to admit no suit was an even better look.
“Aye, most logical.”
Tony let out a strangled yell, hand twisting in Steve's hair. Steve swallowed around the hot stretch in his throat and earned himself another yell. He pulled back a little and started a ruthless pace, moving up and down Tony's cock until his saliva started pooling and easing the way for him. The slick sound of skin sliding on skin grew louder and louder with every bump of Tony's cock at the back of his throat and Tony's hand wound tighter and tighter in his hair.
“Or I could show you the penthouse of Stark Tower if you want,” Stark added huskily. He stepped forward and trailed his fingers over Steve’s bicep where he’d been gripping moments earlier. “The view’s great. Tallest building around this part.” He stepped closer still, fingers continuing to gently trace patterns on Steve’s arm and Steve could feel the goosebumps rise on his skin at the contact. “Very private, I promise.”
Tony stared at it then took it. He pulled out a cord from his gauntlet and plugged it into the Meter, then plugged the Meter into the port in the Trap, setting it to a broad detection of ethereal energies. His own scans and the Meter came back with zero, no equipment malfunction as far as he could tell. Tony looked up at Bruce and tilted his head in question. Bruce shrugged. The trap was empty.
“I never thought I’d have another chance to do this right,” Steve said softly.
Tony looked down at the completed reports, all written with care and signed with a star. “You’re much worse than me when it comes to being overly attached to your work, Sheriff.”
After the tenth, twelfth, twentieth, fiftieth time, Steve stopped counting and simply started expecting. It was a common sight for an Avenger to find when wandering around Avengers Mansion: Captain America and Iron Man, curled together on some seating surface, the Captain usually reading or the both of them fast asleep. And after it had been revealed that Iron Man was in fact Tony Stark, sometimes it was Tony Stark sans armor who was curled around a compliant Steve Rogers.
“I’m always afraid of putting Rhodey here,” Tony says at last. “I know he knows what he’s doing, but I can’t control what happens to my weapons when they leave my head. I had to shut it all down. I had to hunt it all down.”
“I am weak. I cannot escape yet. I just want to be whole again. Be with my brothers. One of them is near. I feel him. He is near. Right here. I just want to be—“
Steve, speechless, slowly lifts his arms to wrap around Tony’s shoulders, Tony’s
“What were you going to do without me? Keep having your agents run around with those horrible particle accelerators on their back?”
Tony’s hands tightened on the shield.
Sam groans again but swallows the end of it. If Steve can finally take Tony out for a not-date, then he can ask Sharon out for lunch. Sam shoves Steve gently as they walk back inside. He may have walked into that one but it’ll probably be worth it.
Tony barked out a laugh as he rode through a particularly hard buck. He grabbed onto Steve's hat on his head, ropes still trailing from his wrist, and planted the other hand flat on Steve's chest. "Nuthin’ firmer than a blacksmith's hands."
have the shield?”
Steve was hot, there was no doubt about it. But something about Captain America bending him over and fucking into him in full uniform did things to Tony's heart that couldn't be healthy. Something about shoving Captain America against a wall and taking that uniform off piece by piece while he remained in the fully powered Iron Man suit—he plunged his fingers harshly into himself, thrust once, twice, into the slick grip of his fist, and came all over the sheets with a yell.
“It was kind of… not blue?” Steve looks down at the blue light. “More like yellow or green. And I reached for it and ended up here.”
Madrox had been belatedly put on the emergency list as he had been chasing a petty villain from their Earth back and forth. The villain, a recently awakened mutant, had thrown Carol through a building before two dozen of Madrox’s duplicates piled on him and took him down through sheer quantity. They’d locked the villain away but Carol had spoken to Madrox then relayed the news to Steve before going with Madrox to the Earth in question.
The second time Steve and Tony kissed, Steve didn’t remember it. Tony hadn’t meant to, but he held absolutely no regrets for it.
“Need me to take those?” Tony said, reaching out a hand for Steve’s groceries.
Steve and things Steve could do to him. It was impossible to think of anything else. Every single surface in the workshop and the Tower could be used. Every lighting permutation had an associated simulation of its effects on Steve’s hair, skin, his eyes. God, Steve could bend Tony over the railings outside the Tower, fuck him with his fist, and Tony could scream for more. And yet with every impossible spurt of come over his stomach, the buzzing beneath his skin grew more and more unbearable. His dick was starting to chafe from the attention despite the lube and the soft toweling but it wouldn’t stop demanding more, hardening after every increasingly dry orgasm like he was a teenager again. Until the rest of his body finally gave up.
Tony felt a rare blush rise up his cheeks. He knocked his head back against the wall with a thud. "Ugh. Sorry I've been difficult.”
It’s several moments before they part and Tony is the first to let go, Steve reluctantly withdrawing his arms. When Tony reaches up to brush at Steve’s cheeks with his thumbs, Steve realizes his eyes are stinging.
A waitress comes by with a pitcher of beer and Jim smiles at her, handing her a tip before she leaves. When he turns back, Tony has pillowed his head on his arms on the table and was rolling it back and forth. Jim sighs and reaches over to scratch the back of Tony’s head lightly then goes about refilling their glasses.
What was it that Certainty Two told him? That anything was possible? Anything, including the things that would hurt him, even if he hadn’t known until just then.
“Because I’m trying to conduct a thorough scientific investigation.” The words left Tony’s mouth in a reflection of his own justifications for denying himself what he wanted.
“No point, Tony. When I said cotton candy, I meant cotton candy. They’ve been slagged.”
Sam nods from across the table. “Same deal with Steve. Said he’ll try. Didn’t see any trying happening.”
“If you say so,” Steve said.
And now, Tony was back to his usual spirits. Loud and wild. Hair slick and mustache bushy. Steve looked around them at the locals of Timely. They were good folk. Steve would look after them.
“I—we need you, Steve,” Tony’s voice came, small. In the chair, his smirk grew wider, smug. His silver armor gleamed almost unnaturally and his eyes glowed blue. “Please.”
Tony blinked away the blurriness in his eyes and tried to maintain his glare at Steve. Steve had a look of shock on his face, mouth open but silent. Steve looked back behind himself, as if trying to see what he’d been dragged from.
"You have objections after all?"
"We're alone," Stark said, leaning up until their lips brushed with the words. "It's Tony."
on me! Get back here and let me
“Sir.” JARVIS interrupted another round of Tony imagining Steve straddling him, head thrown back,
She watches as Tony drains his cup and stands, brushing off the crumbs from his danish on to the table. “No promises,” he says.
At the helicarrier, Tony stowed his armor in his ready room and lugged the Trap with him towards Lab 03. The thing was heavy, even with the weightless slime, and in his somewhat exhausted state he appreciated Natasha’s work with these things even more. He had about ten minutes before the rest of the team arrived for debrief.
"—and I…needed you to be honest with me.” Tony heard him take a deep breath. “I don’t want us doing anything we’ll regret. I’m sorry I left. We're going to talk. This time I’m not leaving until we do. I know there's more to it than just 'doing it of our own accord'. You've been avoiding this for a while. Tony, please. Talk to me."
“It’s not that simple,“ Steve says, scratching at his forehead. He takes a sharp turn then makes his way to the atrium. Sam follows silently. They leave the building and Steve steps down on to the grass and plants his hands on his hips, looking up at the sky. Sam stands beside him, arms crossed, and waits some more.
“It’s me,” Steve said.
A chorus of “Aye-aye, Captain” sounds through the comms and the team refocuses on the Target of the Day.
It was in the way Tony fell into Steve’s arms, open but apologetic, lips seeking and seeking for something he didn’t know he’d missed; the way Steve clung on even tighter, pressing himself into Tony, tasting the apology between their lips, accepting that there was a part of Tony forever missing from one of their memories, promising with flicks of tongue that one of them would remember enough for the both of them.
"Of course, sir."
“Anti-Slime platoon in position on the perimeter,” Natasha said through the comms. “On your mark, Cap.”
Certainty One was straining under new evidence, Certainty Two was thriving under new evidence, and Certainty Three was something Tony had to keep with him despite everything. Tony had gone through non-consensual body modification. Tony had gone through death by palladium. Tony had literally just gone through death by soul removal. And now, he was facing the reality of souls.
Steve had made short work of them and come out on top. Barely.
“What would it take,” Steve gritted out, “to make you put Tony back. Revive him. And then stay away from him.”
Tony stumbled backwards, eyes wide, but nothing came flooding out, not even the cosmic light of the interior of the Trap. He looked back up to Spengler, confounded.
With a sigh, Jim walks back in and crouches by the head of the bed. Tony squints his eyes open again and blinks a few times at Jim.
“If I let you have a piece of my soul equivalent to what he gave me of his,” Tony asked the Stone, voice level, “will it be enough? Will it make Steve whole? Will you stop with the summoning? Take me to Steve?”
They sit in silence for a while, sipping from their over-sugary drinks. Bucky studies Steve’s profile. Determination. Not ever backing down, if that set of his jaw and line in his brow is anything to go by. Wilson must have gotten something through to him.
Steve looked up, alarmed, but Tony’s expression was relaxed, calm. The warm tingling was travelling up Steve’s arm to the rest of his body, racing through his veins, and he brought his other hand up to cup at the vibranium core, his anchor, Tony’s
“What’s rummy?” Steve asked, seating himself on the ground opposite Tony on the other side of the bars.
Too different, some days.
After a lovely holiday to an Afghan cave, a personal haunting from one irate former father figure, and a death scare courtesy of the object in his chest that was supposed to have been keeping him away from death, Tony thought he was doing admirably well in living up to his certainties. Certainty One was holding strong. Certainty Two had reversed itself with new evidence but remained on his list as a reminder for himself to never dismiss concepts so offhandedly, that anything was possible. And while he had never been able to summon his parents or Jarvis’s ghost, the subject of Certainty Three might be sitting at the foot of his bed.
“Anything,” Steve said immediately.
The burning numbness had taken all his senses but Tony could feel the barest brush of lips on his. A trickle of strength bled into him at the touch and he felt the numbness recede, just a little, and he relished the fleeting feeling of warmth on his lips. He squeezed his eyes closed and nodded again, willing his grip on the Soul Stone to loosen.
He kept his eyes between Tony’s legs, on the peek of a reddened cock swinging heavily between them. There was a tearing noise and Steve looked up to see Tony emptying a packet of lube onto his fingers. Tony gave Steve a sultry look over his shoulder then arched his back, pushing his ass out towards Steve, and started massaging at his entrance with his wet fingers.
falling from his lips and he impaled himself faster on Steve’s cock, the hand in Steve’s hair tightening painfully, deliciously. Steve let Tony set the pace, rolling his hips once for every back-thrust of Tony’s. He knew no one was going to walk in on them. He had made sure of it. Tony was just a little bit of a closet exhibitionist and Steve had no worries showering Tony with affection in public. This, however, this was private. This was between them. This Tony, moaning an endless stream of his and God’s name, was for him and him alone.
Steve coughed, and Tony drank in the sound and the feeling of its vibration at his lips. “They always had me. I couldn’t be revived, until. Until I'd moved on.”
Tony was already facing the door when it opened to finally admit Steve into his sight. Another two steps later and Steve was hoisting him up by the thighs and spinning to slam him back-first right onto the wall by the door.
Tony turned back to Steve and stepped in close. “I won’t let anything happen to you,” he said in a low voice. “That much I can promise. I’m still working on the Act. I’ll have it reinstated without the sharp edges. It’ll be worth it, Steve. You’ll like it. Everything you hated about it was already gone from the second draft. It’ll help everyone. It’ll get the kids the training they need. It’ll give the civilians the protection they should have had. I know it’s right, Steve. Don’t—“ Tony cut himself off and shook his head hard. “Don’t do anything stupid. The trial’s scheduled for some time in the next fourteen days but if you can make a statement for your followers still out there it would help your case. A lot.”
Steve nodded, eyes still closed. “Yes.”
Steve stopped pretending to ignore the man and looked up from staring at his knees. Stark had his Face on, the one of insouciant detachment. It was a face he usually fronted for people he didn’t like.
Tony stumbled on a step and laughed when he was caught by the girl, who must’ve been strong if she could hold up Tony. Steve rounded the banister and put one foot up on the stairs.
A flock of birds fly over the trees in the distance. Behind them, the sound of Quinjet engines rise and fall. A duck quacks somewhere in the distance.
“It really should be the backseat of a car, Captain, but how American of you.”
Except Tony should be in the car behind Steve. Steve turned and saw Bruce in the car, ripping open Tony’s shirt to bare the broken arc reactor. He turned back.
“Moving him on, are we?” Tony asked through a mouthful of eggs.
His door buzzed at the twenty-three hour mark. It was Steve, and Tony almost wanted to cry at the overwhelming feeling of desperation that was coursing through his body. There was no other word for it. He was desperate. Every cell in his body had been stoked by his desire with every passing hour of the past day and he was almost at a breaking point with a simple
He eyed the pitted plank of wood Stark was resting his head on. Taking a quick mental inventory of himself, Steve settled on his hat and looped it over his head from his back. He lifted Stark's head gently, the dark curls of hair tickling his palms, and placed the hat underneath. "Hold on to my hat, darlin'," he murmured.
Steve stiffens in his seat. “Us?”
Tony smiled at him, flirtatious. He pushed back from the table and slowly started to undo his cuff links. They dropped to the floor in careless thuds and then Tony’s fingers were at the buttons of his suit jacket. Steve kept his calm façade, but he couldn’t help his breath catching at the sight of Tony’s fingers flicking open the buttons one by one. As Tony let the jacket slide off his arms with a roll of his shoulders, Steve finally had enough of the distance between them.
And so they sat on each side of the bars and Tony taught Steve rummy whilst Steve went over his plans for dealing with the new surge of raiders.
century, showing him movies and books and music and games.
“You can admit that I was your best, you know, Tony,” the blond continued before Stark could say anything. “Tall, blond, and handsome you’ve got there is a poor stand-in. If you want, I can teach him how to please you, seeing how you aren't looking very satisfied these days.”
Steve thought over his options and picked his own box. It might be a terrible idea which could blow up in Steve’s face later given who they both were but it was something he wanted as Steve Rogers and not as Captain America. “I take it you don’t have a date,” he began.
“I can take a lot from you, Steve,” Tony said, voice quiet, almost a sob. “God knows I’ve taken a lot from you. But this. I can’t take this, Steve. I can’t.”
This is
Tony grins at her and closes the lid of the case and then the lid of the trunk back down. He steps around to the driver’s seat and gestures to the passenger seat. “Just a replacement for the last one he managed to get mayonnaise in.”
“Like what you see Rhodey-bear?” Tony says, mock sly grin on his face. He takes off his glasses with the flourish of Tony Stark, Playboy Billionaire™ and Jim resists rolling his eyes. “I have a room just up the—ow!”
Tony was lounging in the two-seater, foot up on knee, hands spread over the back of the couch. His armor was the silver of madness. The smirk on his face was incongruous with the desperate tone of voice in Steve's ear. Steve looked away, towards the window where the sky was darkening.
It’s essence. It needed souls. It had wanted Steve. It had taken Steve. It needed more.
The morning came with an unpleasant surprise. Tony should maybe have expected that, but waking up from endless, vivid dreams about having sex with Steve in the most impractical of places and positions and situations wasn’t always associated with ruined undergarments. He ran the gamut of tests again then took a long, cold shower while trying to fight off the memory of dream-Steve sliding into him, filling him until he was full almost to bursting, again and again and again—
He needed more data. He should get some data out of Steve but only once he felt like he could do it without his dick leading him in other directions.
a two year old sometimes.”
Steve mumbled something about Tony being crass and didn’t make to move. It would have been more effective if he wasn’t also kneading slowly at Tony’s ass.
“We both know what to do,” he says, holding Steve’s gaze, “and we’re both going to go do it, right?”
Tony shook his head, hard, and shoved at Steve’s unfairly gorgeous chest.
He wrapped his legs tighter around Steve’s waist and let his hips do the talking, desperately trying to get closer to the hardness he could feel below Steve’s belt. His hands buried themselves into Steve’s short hair and he let his mouth be plundered by Steve’s hot tongue.
Tony didn’t follow him.
There is a loud clang through the comms, the sound of a smattering of drones fizzling under the might of a giant metal frisbee. Sam laughs out loud, sensing the silent horror from the other end of the line.
Impossible. “That’s not possible.”
“Barton wouldn’t let me take a closer look, not like I needed to look further to figure out how it worked but he did imply that I was lacking in fancy gadget inventions so I took it upon myself to prove him wrong. Not that I would ever make a mechanical quiver of all things but perhaps something more elegant, more discrete. And so,” Tony raised his left, sooty hand and waggled his fingers at Steve. Steve stopped his shuffling and looked intently at Tony’s hand. Tony flexed his wrist back and pinched down his pinky and ring finger at the same time. The holder slid along its track smoothly down Tony’s wrist and stopped with a snap and turn right over his palm.
what Steve would have done. Because the bastard had gone and done it already. Time for Plan C.
“How do you know I wouldn’t have?” Steve retorted.
Steve claimed Tony’s wandering lips in a sweet kiss and then he took his partner, his friend, his lover, his sweetheart, back to their home for the holidays.
Tony stared at it, then looked up at Steve’s face. Steve’s expression was torn between grinning widely and something that looked like worry. Or maybe fear.
“Tony,” Steve said firmly. “You were one of my best friends. We have issues to work through but I still want you in my life” —he took a deep breath and let go of Tony’s wrist to lace their fingers together, palm to palm— “and
“We might have to bring out the Big Guy for this,” Bruce said, uncertain but determined.
“It’s draining you, Tony, so let me go.
“I’m sorry I—“
“Sorry,” Steve continued. “It’s just so hard." A pause. "And I’m not sure how much you can take.”
. “There was something possessing the arc reactor, the vibranium,” he said quickly. “It used to be in Steve’s shield but it migrated. It kept Steve from moving on and it’s been absorbing P.K.E.; my hauntings, the slime today, probably the Colonel we thought had skipped dimension,
“Doctor, Mister Stark listens to you, so please talk some sense into him. We are getting tired of the—as Vision so helpfully says—unresolved tension that is clearly running between them. The Captain likes to drill us hard when he is lovesick.”
“Dad!” Tony calls out and rushes forward with his contraption held high. “Look what I made! It’s a leg brace to help Jarvis. I fit in pneumatic actuators for this hinge mechanism and—“
“Out of the way,” Bruce growled, eyes green, and Steve fell out of the car right through the chassis in his haste to obey. He crawled from the car then turned to face the burst of light from the middle of the workshop.
Stark turned around to face Steve and Steve realized then the futility of reading facial expressions when the other side was wearing giant sunglasses.
Tony yelped, a hand flying to cover the arc reactor, and backed into the bathroom, closing the door with a bang.
"That I want to have sex with you. Unless I read it wrong, you also want to have sex with me."
The rest of the morning passed slowly. So slowly. He tried going back to non-sexual distractions, back to Phase One. But his mind refused to focus on any of the projects he had in progress and his hands shook too much for any delicate work. Meditating still didn’t work. Exercise didn’t work. Cold showers just made him shiver harder. He couldn’t take a nap. Food gave him interesting thoughts on their potential uses in bed. He couldn’t focus on anything he tried to read or have read to him. All forms of entertainment ended with him reaching into his pants to pull himself back from the edges of what he would class as madness.
Bruce and Thor gape at Steve and Tony who stare back with wide, wild eyes and disheveled hair. Beside him, Bruce feels Thor beginning to shake. Probably with suppressed laughter which Bruce is also struggling with.
The team had gathered around them at this point and Tony held up the Meter as explanation. Natasha frowned and bent down to examine the Trap. She was the one who dealt with them more than any of the rest of them.
a teenager. He was sure it wasn't physiologically possible. He also didn’t think he could want Steve any more than he did right this moment. He needed Steve so much his dick was literally aching for it.
Tony was hesitant, like he didn't want all the effort acknowledged, like he didn't think it was as big a deal that it was.  And it was a big deal, in a way. It was Steve's first suit. It had, perhaps, been more formative of Steve's person than the movie ticket stubs that were found inside the pockets. And maybe only Tony knew about that side of him. Maybe only Tony got to experience that side of him considering the way he was starting to wear his beautiful suits more and more. This frayed beige suit can be for the public. For himself, it was never really about what he wore. It had slowly stopped being about what other people wore. These days, he only had eyes for one.
Steve let out a growl and tried to focus on anything else but the dull throbbing in his pressure-wrapped knee.
Tony kicked a heel into Steve's ass. “What do you think, I’d just waltz around naked when I’m horny?”
He’d known that he wouldn’t move on from touching the shield, from seeing the shield, but Tony obviously hadn’t. At Tony’s words, he’d realized what he’d almost made Tony go through, and he felt his own flash of fear of what he had almost given up. And in that moment, he’d realized that he already knew what it was he had wanted. Steve had felt like he did in the ice. It came to him, and he knew what he wanted, now. He knew why he’d known that the shield could never have moved him on.
Clint yelped and turned to run at the Quinjet, tugging Bruce and Natasha along by the arms.
And afterwards, after coming back to life and fighting off Norman Osborn, Tony wasn’t by his side anymore. They’d come to a tentative truce during their romp through the Nine Realms with Thor but something had changed. Steve couldn’t look at Tony without seeing all that the other man had been willing to throw away over a nonsensical law. And Tony…who knew what Tony was thinking anymore, and how much he really remembered after the brain delete. Tony wouldn’t look at Steve. Tony wouldn’t be near him. Tony no longer spoke to him outside of their Avenging work.
Steve couldn't resist. He stilled his movements and pulled Tony down for a wet kiss, allowing Tony to reach between them to unbuckle his belt at long last.
The Stone was in his power now. He could just, will this away, will Steve out of it. He grasped tighter to the Stone and
Natasha smiles and stands, looping her arm through his as they walk out the front door and ignoring the cameras and phones aimed their way. They do make a lovely couple. Too bad it was only this way in the gossip columns; they both have their eyes set on other people.
“Okay boys,” she begins, “status report for week three of Phase Three?”
“What did you do to the arc reactor? What did you do to Tony?”
A hand landed gently on the back of his neck and he thought Jess might have said something. The next thing he, knew before he could respond with something that wouldn’t make a fool of himself, was a pair of warm lips pressed against his.
with you in the ice, trapped unwittingly by my brother, weakened. I kept you, and yet you never let me have you. But this,” he stepped into Steve’s space, hands roaming over Steve’s chest, up his arms, down to his hands to the shield, “led me to Anthony, and with this,” he pressed at Steve’s chest, over Steve’s phantom heart, “you gave me enough strength to finally get what I needed.”
This was always something he could have had. Would still have.
He leans back into the car to fetch the cookie basket from Laura then turns back around to look up at the sky. Thor had joined two aggressively buzzing Quinjets in a game of tag. The jets are new and agile, probably more so because of the pilots he knows are in there.
“I know you keep lubricant in here,” he said, nipping along Tony’s bare shoulder. “
“That gives me more questions,” Steve replied immediately, and Tony could almost see the little shake of head that accompanied it. “We need to talk about why our 'unfinished business' is this situation.”
are too much of a paranormal target for SHIELD to risk having millions of spirits near. You’re still only a consultant for PLASM and—”
Tony ejected the laser cartridge and primed a new one. He zoomed in on Clint in his HUD and saw his teammate roll away from a stream of red slime aimed at him. “Clint, if you need a Slime refill, I can put a barrel near you?”
Steve recognized the suit immediately even with the repairs he knew were made through restorative efforts. The small stains on the left pocket from where he'd leaned against the wooden barriers on Coney Island. The small cigarette burn on the right shoulder from walking into a kitchen hand on his break in a parking lot. The small smudge of red at the hem of the jacket from where he'd sat on a red crayon that melted in and wouldn’t come out. The familiar jagged alterations at the hem of the pant legs. He didn't need to read the plaque to know that Tony had hunted this suit down, and had probably paid a fortune to take it from the hands of some private collector only to donate it to the museum. And all that just for Steve.
Steve reached and extracted a metallic cylinder from the innards. Tied to it was a note.
They happen across a gracefully floating Vision, cape billowing in a manner Thor must approve of, hand reached out towards Wanda on the ground who is starting to hover herself into the air atop a pale halo of pink light. She laughs as she surges higher and almost into Vision’s arms, and they end up dancing around each other through the air.
Cross-walking between the Earths had to go through stringent security checks and Tony Stark had not been on the list of Authorized Travelers. He could not be on the list of Authorized Travelers.
Jim settles into his own bed and tries and fails to not think of Carol and her laugh and her hair as she flies through the sky.
And with the, the comm clicks off. Sam bites back the hundred questions that just erupted in his brain and shakes his head. Rhodey’s business is his own, but if Sam had any say, he’d better have gone off to see Colonel Danvers for a good old fashioned flying session with the Quinjets.
“—of his lips—wait, what?”
Tony wiped at his mouth with a napkin, avoiding Natasha’s piercing gaze. “Might’ve been Vanko,” he muttered. “He didn’t register on JARVIS’s sensors either, otherwise the alarm would’ve woken me.”
A warmth spread through his chest, languid and slow, soothing and safe, and Tony finally closed his eyes to sleep in peace for the first time in years.
Steve blinks and suddenly he’s in a bedroom. The décor looks different, almost clinical. There’s a simple wooden wardrobe, a desk covered in books and paper, and a plain, narrow bed with simple white sheets. There is a schoolboy’s uniform hung outside the wardrobe and a single poster on the wall at the foot of the bed. Steve recognizes it as one of his old propaganda posters.
He opened his eyes and plunged the extended needles into his forearm.
Bruce moves to stand beside Thor as Pietro crosses his arms again, turning back to where Vision and Wanda are floating around the hangar. Thor gives Bruce a puzzled look and Bruce shakes his head hard and gestures covertly between the floating Avengers and Pietro. Thor nods slowly in understanding then mimes zipping his lips. Bruce smiles back with a nod, and thumbs him up for the Midgardian gesture. Thor acknowledges with a toothy grin. They both turn back to looking at the entire scene before them.
And he
“Gave it a little boost, then used it to find you,” Tony said cheerfully. The Stone shuddered in his grasp again, and Tony willed it to
And then he froze. Because this was not something he would do. This was not something he should do. This was not something they have done. This was something Tony had only ever dreamed about but had never, ever done. But it felt like he’d done it a hundred times – like kissing Steve was as natural as waving or shaking someone’s hands.
Tony shook his head. There had to be something he could do. The Stone, it had kept Steve back in this world, but surely— His mind was clouding over and he shook his head again, hard, trying to clear it.
“Maybe I can give you something to put into your mouth?”
“Just Steve, please,” Cap—Steve said quickly. “My name is Steve Rogers.”
“You can't make me do anything! I’m not going anywhere with you! Mind your own business and leave me alone!”
The warmth beneath his palm was growing hotter with every movement, stronger, surging through his arms and the rest of his body in waves of almost unbearable heat. It felt so wholesome, so
Ninetieth, hundredth, thousandth time, over the many years and years, Steve never counted but he could remember every single time he woke with a crick in his neck which was rendered negligible by the peaceful sight of Tony’s cheek pressed to his chest. It made sense now why Iron Man had always been so tired; he’d been living two full lives and never shirked his duties for either. And if he could find rest by Steve’s side then it was the least Steve could do to help.
And of all the information Steve had at his fingertips, Steve chose to believe in Iron Man’s words even if they hadn’t even been directed at him and were rather short tempered from the long days spent slogging through ocean and eating nothing but fish; that they had been short tempered probably spoke more of the truth than anything. SHIELD had received Stark-made aquatic gear to replace their SHIELD-issue gear and that gesture, no matter how Iron Man managed to bring it up to his boss as relevant, was what had won Steve over away from his distaste of Tony Stark. He may not know anything about Stark as a person but he knew how his own image as Captain America had been twisted into something the public could consume with glee and he could easily carry over the comparison to Stark.
“Uh. This might not be the best time for talking. I’ll—I’ll come back tomorrow. Give you your twenty-four hours. Good night, Tony.”
“Tony?”
“I knew you wouldn’t,” Stark said, and Steve felt himself being eyed critically from behind the sunglasses. “You don’t quite look the type. Didn’t like the pet names, and you know who I am; believe it or not, I’m not usually the one dishing the groping when I’m draped over someone.”
Steve shook his head at Tony, and indicated the Trap with the tip of his own boot. “You slammed into the ground, hard. And you were too close to the Trap’s opening. It could’ve hurt you.”
Tony twirls around on his heels and saunters toward Steve. He stops a step before Steve and smiles, eyes crinkling.
A minor warning for a bit of dubiously consensual groping towards the end of the chapter, not actually from either Steve or Tony.
“Oh my God,” Tony said. He buried his face into his hands with a loud clang of metal hitting metal. “I—I—I don’t think I knew I was doing it with you. To you. “
Tony paced in a small circle around Bruce, hands running harshly through his hair.
Clint grinned at Steve. “Then welcome to the twenty-first century. We also have a Hulk and a Norse God.”
T'Challa should return to his jet – return to the captive, his fugitives, and his home to put his father to rest – but though he has nothing owed to Stark, he felt he should give him the benefit of sympathetic ears; he wasn't sure the man had anyone else who would understand him. He wasn't sure the man would ever turn to anyone else for this.
The burn was agonizing. It tore through his body from where the Stone was touching him but with it came a rush of something powerful, something flowing and thrumming, resonating with his being and his will, and then beyond, into the world, the universe.
Good to see Rhodes and Danvers having fun together. Tony’s emails had been getting increasingly shrill about them, among other things.
“—so that’s why you don’t visit us up there? Captain America’s distractingly, lusciously soft—“
“Even so,” Thor says, heading out towards a patch of concrete, away from the lawn, “I will bring back a great boar to feast upon tonight!” He raises his hand in time to catch Mjolnir from wherever he had left it and lifts it to the sky. “I will return shortly!”
. Anything was possible, right? Three certainties in life, and Tony thought he should just live by the second one.
He squinted through the blurriness and the darkness and thought he saw a head of blonde hair. Bobbi? He was popular with the ladies tonight it seemed, and he hadn’t expected Bobbi to be here. Before he could figure out why Bobbi had such a large hand, he was already following the pressure of the hand and lowering himself into another kiss.
His part was done. He’d put himself out there. The ball was firmly in Steve’s court now. As if reading his mind, Steve spoke up again after an amiable silence.
Steve continued to mouth at his neck, no doubt leaving impressive bruises for the next few days.
T'Challa left with a smile of his own. He had a kingdom to settle, the UN to placate, a heavy mantle to don, and a legacy to maintain.
Tony flew down to Natasha and she threw the reprogrammed hexagonal Slime Trap at him with a salute. He fumbled with it, getting it to face the right way, and hovered in position above the blob.
Half an hour later on the dot, the world had flashed white, once. The Earth had still been here. All of the Earths had been here.
“About that,” Tony began.
“I miss it too, Steve,” Tony said in a small voice, finally. “I hate this
Tony woke to the sound of Steve’s voice. Tony screamed to the Heavens as he shot at the man who had felled Steve. Tony took himself away from the pen, from where Steve was no longer with him. Tony sunk deep into his mind and bared his broken soul for selling. Tony picked up his hammer with one goal. Tony had a new purpose. Tony would burn the world to drag the men who took Steve from it down with him to the deepest pits of Hell.
“Coordinates, agent,” Steve prompted again. He picked up a knife from the trolley as he passed it. A blunt thing, it was, dulled with neglect and overuse. Just something to direct the real strength that would be behind it.
The entity (ghost
Steve fell backwards in shock and stared down at the hand he’d pulled away. He looked back up at Tony.
“What do you know of me, from before my Iron Man gig?” Tony asked, voice flat.
"I thought he was drunk, you know," Stark interrupted. There was no change in his sunken expression but his eyes were cast to the ground now. He turned away before he spoke again. "I thought he was drunk, when they died." He shifted on the ground and the groan of scraping metal punctuated the air before he settled again. "I knew there was a cover-up. I thought it was his blood alcohol concentration. It would've taken away from the grand tragedy of the story and they couldn't have that. Obie couldn't—SHIELD couldn't. They couldn't have that."
It was late in the afternoon and they were in Flushing, having just returned from an unsuccessful raid of a HYDRA base in Sweden where Loki's Stick of Doom was unsurprisingly absent. Tony hadn’t even had time to make a cool-down smoothie before Maria alerted them of some trouble in the streets that the local police weren’t able to contain.
When he looked back to the two-seater, Tony wasn’t there anymore.
Fourth surprise. There was someone in his bed and they noticed his presence. He groaned, not wanting to deal with anything other than sleep for the foreseeable twelve hours. He tried to express his thoughts to the person but was stopped by a hand behind his neck for the second time today.
Vanko laughed and Tony saw a gnarled hand thrust forward straight into his chest. The pain was blinding, and a chilling numbness spreading from his chest as Vanko’s fist closed over his heart.
He gasped and almost fell to his knees. It was wholesome, like being filled in all his empty spaces, but it was unlike anything Tony had ever felt. It was like being freed to fly and being wrapped in warm arms at the same time. It was like hearing the helicopters fly to him over the sand dunes of the desert. Like Rhodey closing his arms around his burnt and battered form. Like sitting back into his car with Pepper at his side, Happy taking him where ever he wanted to go. Like his mother’s hugs, his father’s goddamn approval of his entire being. He wanted more.
“About time,” Steve said, turning around. “I thought you’d—“
shoulders, and then he finally lets himself sink into the hug, arms tightening around Tony, face burying into Tony’s soft hair. He has almost forgotten the feeling of holding another body in his arms and now he holds onto Tony tightly. He stands and feels the steady beat of Tony’s heart underneath his hands, the soft tickle of Tony’s hair at his nose, the sweet smell of Tony’s shampoo and the musky scent of his skin, the steady rise and fall of Tony’s chest as they breathe in tandem.
“C’mon, I’ll make it the best date you’ll ever have,” Tony said, the laughter still in his voice.
Steve’s cheeks reddened, actually reddened, and he looked away. “I’m sorry. It’s how I’ve been entering your dreams, I think. The light always changes after every haunting and I always had to make sure.
just because life’s too hard now. Just because I might’ve liked it and because you’re lonely or—“
“The lack of a first time in our non-existent sex life. And my original question of why we can't just have sex.”
Sam and Rhodey both groan and take a simultaneous drink from their tankards.
“Come for me,” Steve breathed, nosing along Tony’s ear. He stroked faster, feeling Tony lose his pace as he shuddered and shivered with the need to orgasm. “Come for me. Tony.”
Tony looked down at his chest, where the arc reactor, Steve’s anchor, glowed bright. “Mind giving it a poke?” He tapped at the arc reactor. “I feel like crap and the last time you touched it, it made me feel less crap. Energized and all that.” Tony looked away, flushing a little, grin faltering. “But, uh, if it weirds you out—“
Tony opened his eyes and turned his head fractionally to look at Steve. Steve could see how bloodshot they were and he worried. “That’s a paradox,” Tony waved a hand at him. “Why would you show up now, if you wanted to stay? Why not right after you dropped the plane?”
he doing this? Because Tony was Howard’s son, his only remaining link to the old life who wasn’t losing their mind? Because it was the right thing to do? Because it was the only meaningful thing he
“Holy shit!” Tony squawks mid-drink, beer sloshing. “You never said—I never said—You never said!”
Tony sighed and walked around to the door. “You two, get out,” he said with a shooing motion. “Why are you still in my house? Take Steve, do your introductions. Scan him, interrogate him, cross-check with Fury, whatever. I’ve got cold sweat to wash off and since you insist on waiting on me, I expect coffee and a full breakfast waiting for me when I come out.” He held the door open for them and they filed past with matching eye rolls.
“I’m sure it is, Shellhead.”
Steve couldn’t object. Steve wouldn’t object. Steve might have jumped too fast head first into his confession and this was the best outcome he could have hoped for. They were once again setting out on the same path, traversing the same life together, side by side. It was all Steve had ever wanted.
-Tony’s hair. Tony kept trying, nudging at Steve, harder and harder, but Steve refused to wake. Another wave of heated pain lanced up his arm, this time refusing to diffuse from his chest and he let himself fall heavily against the glass of his windows, trying to catch his breath and bring his focus back.
“Nay!” Thor’s voice came through the comms. “Do not strain yourself, good Doctor. This foe is on his last legs and I’m certain we’ll capture it oomph—“
He opened his eyes and looked to the sky again.
“We snack on our victory!” Thor said, raising Mjolnir. “I will race you there, Barton?” He smiled widely and swung his hammer over his head. “I shall be generous and give you ten seconds head start!”
Steve smiled, and Tony drew him in until their lips touched in a press of warmth and promise.
, held out a hand toward Tony and Tony stared down at it, jaw tightening.
what I meant—“
. It was delicious, the slide, the grip. He kept going, pressing in until he could feel Tony’s ass pressed to his hips. He kissed the back of Tony’s neck, gentle, then gripped at Tony’s wrists.
“Tony, check this?” Bruce held the Meter up to Tony.
Tony Stark, Steve learned, could be surprising and thoughtful. Steve found himself in the Smithsonian on what he'd thought was a whim of Tony's. He didn't particularly enjoy walking through the World War Two exhibit, but he was happy all the same that the men and women who'd braved their lives were remembered here. That his Commandoes were remembered, that Bucky was remembered, and that Peggy was honored. That wasn't the surprise. The surprise was going to the display about himself, about Captain America, and finding, on a mannequin in a newly erected glass case, a familiar beige suit.
When the Trap finally closed, Tony let his arms drop to his sides with a thump and looked up at the landing Quinjet. He shoved the Trap off of him and stood to shake the grass off the suit. His poor suit - newly machined and already filthy. Bruce had made his way over to inspect the Trap with the Energy Meter as usual. Tony was about to head to the Quinjet to find Steve when Bruce stood abruptly from his inspection.
Steve looked unconvinced and he reached up to press at Tony’s chest in response to the thump. “I don’t want to lose anyone on my—“
Tony shook his head then circled his fingers at the ceiling, asking for the lights to come on gradually. They faded in, and Tony tried once again to blink the blur away from his eyes. He focused on the ugly sculpture Pepper had placed in his room until his eyes adjusted to the brighter light, to the details of color. He blinked rapidly then squinted back at the figure.
Stark seemed to be eyeing him still, assessing, but he shook his head slowly. “I don’t.”
“It looks like Mister Stark will have to pay a visit to replenish our drone stocks,” came Wanda’s voice.
“Go arm your man, Widow.” And Tony drives off with a roar of engines.
“It might’ve skipped dimension at the last minute?” Bruce guessed. “These O.D. Traps work - the other one is in its Trap. We might need to take this one to Richards, just to be sure.”
"You're forgiven," the Captain said slowly, still uncertain. He walked forward until he was shoulder to shoulder with the Soldier and they shared a look. "How do you think you can help us?"
“How much… convincing do you need?” Tony asked in a husky voice that went straight down to Steve’s already tight pants. “Did you want me to hold myself back? Or,” Tony’s fingertips walked across the table until they were just inches from Steve’s hands. His back was arching beautifully and the tent in his pants was pressed into the edge of the table. “Do I need to work harder? Spread myself a little more?”
Tony mumbles under his breath as he wipes his hands with a napkin. Jim can see the red rising up his neck and decides to give Tony a break. As Natasha says, one step at a time and getting Tony to speak this much is a giant step forward.
Tony buried his face in his hands. Of course Steve wouldn’t. Even if they hadn’t exactly officially named this precious little thing they had between them. This relationship. Regular kissing meant a relationship, right? “Just ignore everything that’s coming out of my mouth,” he said. He rubbed his face and reached for the bottle of water one of his bots had put beside him.
”Not a dream,” Steve said. “We’re having another moment.”
Tony should have known. They'd never figured out Steve's way to move on. Why couldn't it have been something like 'find the shield'? Being anchored to the vibranium in Tony's should have been a dead giveaway.
Bucky looks up and catches the soda can tossed his way. Dr. Pepper. Huh. Natasha said they were terrible for you but Steve’s obviously developed some sort of unhealthy attachment to the drink. A drink’s a drink, Bucky thinks, and cracks open the can.
Steve shook his head. "Got 'em all, and none of them'll be comin' back any time soon." He indicated Stark's entire body from head to toe. "They roughed you up?"
Thirty seconds later, Tony had finished digging the trench and watched as three Quinjets flew in to hover at the periphery, dropping suited PLASM agents to the ground each with a giant tank on their back and a massive hand held cannon.
The enti—Captain Ameri—Cap nodded, a quirk appearing on his translucent lips. “Steve Rogers, at your service.”
Stark was in a crumpled heap of man and metal inside the compound and T'Challa had never seen a sight so small and lonely. There were scorch marks in the concrete and gouges littered over every surface around and on Stark and the only other spot of color was at T'Challa's feet. Even as T'Challa stepped over the red, white, and blue shield Stark had his eyes on, it didn't seem like Stark was aware he was no longer alone. T'Challa stood a little ways off to the side, giving the man just enough space not to feel closed in, but not enough to attempt an exit without hindrance – he couldn't let Stark continue his chase, but he could understand the man's need to grieve in silence.
“Fury, I’m having trouble believing that you’ll be keeping the repulsor engines out of SHIELD datab—“
But no one was in the wrong here, and T'Challa had already made his promise to do right by the Soldier. He nodded. "I have restrained Zemo and left him tied to a beam at the entrance. I have also taken the liberty of gagging him. He shouldn't be awake, but if you take him and secure him to the Quinjet, it'll be easier for us all."
Steve slid the eggs out of the pan and onto the toast he’d laid out alongside a handful of cherry tomatoes. He threw on some chives, then took the entire plate, and a cup of milk, to the small dining table under the window.
And Tony was not going to negate Certainty One by thinking of soulmates. Dammit, Spengler. He rubbed at his throat and thought of science, with logic.
“More turned on than I have ever been in my life. My arm’s ready for the Masturbation Olympics. You?”
“Mister Stark,” Steve said firmly and tugged his arm out of Stark’s death-grip as gently as he could. “You mind explaining what you’re doing?”
it. Now, he runs his hands over the soft sheets, pressing against the firmness of the mattress and feeling it depress against the pressure. “It was Howard, alright? I thought he was a bit of a womanizer.” He looks at Tony and almost wants to kick himself for having had mistaken this man for Howard all those months ago. It’s not just in how different the two men look, but Tony also carries himself differently, thinks differently, acts differently, and in the end Steve just knows Tony better than he ever knew Howard. “I
“Please don’t dodge this again. You know what I mean.”
Tony did think about getting the witch kid to cast the whammy again to conduct a more scientifically rigorous study, this time with oversight from Bruce, but it was probably inappropriate to ask that of a kid who apparently didn't even realize she’d cast a sex spell on anyone else at all; some things Tony just had to let slide onto Xavier’s plate.
He nods slowly, and Steve gives him a dopey grin.
Stark could have played it up, could have exposed his face, could have had his arm in a sling, could have been using a cane or crutch like he clearly needed to. They could have paraded Steve in public, in front of the people, the “fans”, but no. They were being driven in a nondescript, armored vehicle to an undisclosed location where Steve could be held until his trial. Held, or maybe made to disappear. Steve wouldn’t put it past Stark to do the latter, but Steve himself was a man of his word and he wouldn’t pull any tricks to escape; he’d earned his place in this car and he knew it.
“I think we can both see that she’s open to being interested. If you feel like you can, go ahead, Buck. It’s been a year. And Bruce will understand.”
Clint kicked the Trap and earned a glare from Natasha. “Weird,” Clint said. “But by ‘we’, Bruce means you, Stark. No one here wants to deal with Richards’ lot.” He looked around at all of them. “Okay I take it all back. I want fried chicken. Let’s go to that place just opened on 36
“Come home with me,” Steve whispered into the back of Tony’s neck. He massaged at Tony’s thighs and hips with his dry hand, and pressed at Tony’s belly where he thought he could feel himself still pressed deep inside. “I’ll clean you up, take you to bed, then we can make love till whenever you want, however you want.” He pressed the promise in a kiss to Tony’s skin. “Come home to me.”
“You could’ve just disappeared on me,” Tony said. “Surprisingly, it wasn’t something I had planned to experience any time soon.”
Natasha and Barnes pass by, apparently heading to the gym for a joint sparring session. Bruce looks on as they walk out together, shoulders touching. He’s just glad she’s happy.
Steve sighed. “Your innuendos always ruin a good moment.”
, beneath a charcoal Brioni tuxedo was intoxicating. He itched to touch, to feel.
Steve is dumbfounded by the curt response.
Tony Stark of the endless wardrobe, choosing, more often than not, a simple leather sports jacket instead of a velvet dinner jacket. Steve's eternal frustration was somewhat justified. But he did the best he could with what he was given. His memory, sharper since taking the serum, helped him recall each and every suit Tony had ever worn. His skin, so much more sensitive to the textures, memorized the feel of each one.
Steve pressed harder with the shield and it hissed.
He must not have picked up the phone-and-walk of the 21
Tony felt eyes wandering over his chest and arms. Right. The scratches.
back,” Steve said and poked Tony hard at the center of his armored chest. “I want Shellhead and Winghead back. Us. Two Avengers who trust each other, with no secrets between each other, who can fly out together to save the day and come home and laugh and sleep together in
Tony seemed to shrink. He looked down, hand rising to massage at the light in his chest, the arc reactor. Steve’s anchor.
“I happen to like the idea of dancing. Maybe not singing. But dancing is—“
Okay. Third surprise. Facial hair. Not Jess. He was up for some fun with Jess but this, he hadn’t signed up for.
Steve lets Tony pull him along the corridor by a small but firm grip. Tony must be around seven or eight, Steve thinks. There is still some baby fat around his cheeks. They make numerous turns, too numerous to be practical, and they end up in what looks to be a very small version of adult Tony’s workshop. Small Tony takes him to a small bench, patting the floor at Steve. Steve sits and waits.
Sam lets out a small groan. “I’m working on it, okay.”
And that was it, wasn’t it? The hauntings happened only when Tony had had a nightmare. Nightmares Steve had been accidentally privy to through contact with the anchor. Tony had an entire history before Steve had met him and Steve knew Tony wasn’t proud of it. Steve hesitated but he had to know. He had to know straight from Tony, and not Tony’s subconscious. “Tony, why are you being haunted?”
Steve ran his Secret Avengers, kept an eye on the premier Avengers team, and he let himself reminisce. It wasn’t the same. The Avengers used to be a family. Maybe they still were, but Steve wasn’t there to be a part of it. He ignored the way Tony stole glances at him. He ignored the way Tony would linger after their brief Avengers meetings. He ignored the way Tony couldn’t decide whether to use his first name or his last name to address him. He couldn’t read into it because it would all be wishful thinking and projection.
Tony smiles at him through the mirror, face gaunt and eyes shadowed. “They’ve been finding me,” Tony says, voice pained. “The more I think about it, the more they come. I don’t have the right to keep refusing them,” he swipes at the cuts over his collarbone. “They’re not wrong.”
It was funny when Steve thought about it. All his life he'd been admiring the cut of a suit from afar and suddenly it was the 21st century, and he was surrounded by colors and fabrics he'd never even thought could be combined. It wasn't just that. It was that fashion choices were looser, much looser, and he had to put effort into looking for something that wasn't a polo shirt and jeans. It was infuriating. It was eternally frustrating. And it shouldn't be because that wasn't entirely the truth.
any of it. He’d stopped wandering the city alone, then. He could take not touching but nothing threw him off more than missing a smell, especially with his senses as enhanced as they had been. From everything to nothing had been more noticeable than he would have thought.
“A date,” Cap (
Steve opened his mouth for an apology but only grunted as Stark molded his body to Steve’s, curling his arms around Steve’s biceps. Steve stiffened as he felt the press of warm chest muscles against his arm. He tried very hard to will his heartbeat down and to stop a blush from rising to his cheeks; Tony Stark was definitely more attractive in person.
For someone who played hide-and-seek with his emotions even more than Tony did at times, Steve was almost like a bloodhound with these things. Tony braced himself and spit the truth out in one breath.
Spengler held up the Trap. “SHIELD is thorough and funds well. And technically I’m contracted under PLASM. What did you do with the Trap?”
“Agreed!” they all say, and FRIDAY flashes a rainbow sequence of lights on the phone screen.
happening. Steve always checked on Tony for injuries, but he respected Tony’s wishes and refrained from actively hovering over Tony’s bed.
There was a pause, and Steve made his way around to the front of the couch, looking down at Tony who was slumped against the opposite armrest, face plate down.
Tony stood still for several silent moments then huffed in amusement and made to climb into his bed. “Virtuous son of a bitch,” he muttered. He rolled around pulling the blankets and covers to and fro before shoving the pillows behind his back to settle on as he looked at Steve.
“Your arm?”
It was a promise in the way they both separated, lips clinging and pulling apart, but plunged right back in with a plea to stay. It was the promise of a place to belong, a place for a new beginning, and a place for happiness to finally, finally take root.
“I call. I show up for call-outs when you need me,” Tony says, petulant.
Tony realized that he was still staring at the outstretched hand without moving to take it.
“You did good today,” Steve began. “Not many people can wield the Infinity Gauntlet and not be tempted by its power.”
. Tony didn’t know how he’d managed to resist it before but this was like a dam breaking and he wasn’t going to resist it anymore.
Tony’s private floor of Avengers Tower was quiet when Steve walked in. He hadn’t been to this floor since before the Civil War and he hadn’t really expected for his old codes to work anymore but they had unlocked the doors just like old times. Just like when he’d been welcome to go in and out of Tony’s rooms as he’d pleased.
“Tony?” Steve asks.
There was a small chuckle from Steve which went straight to Tony’s groin. “What are the chances you
He reached back to grab his shield and was preparing to signal in Morse at any one of JARVIS’s cameras when Bruce came barrelling through the door at the other end of the workshop. Steve watched as he ran to Tony’s little safe room and emerged with a glowing spare reactor and a large med kit.
“Just ask him out for burgers or something, oh my God, Steve,” Bucky exclaims, cutting in before the Epic Pining Sighs can truly begin.
Steve laughed, his heart warming at the silly possessive titles. "I'm told I need a firm hand," he said. He bucked up against Tony's weight, watching Tony throw his head back and roll his body with the motion like he was made to ride Steve.
Once upon a very long time ago, when Steve had taken Tony’s hand for the first time, shy and determined in the same breath, he’d thought it would be worth it. They had their differences but they were like two puzzle pieces finally put together on the board. Steve had let Tony in close to himself, and he’d thought he’d finally broken through the shell of Tony’s usual distance. They’d been good together. They’d worked well together even before they’d fallen in to bed together, and Steve—Steve missed those simple days. Or maybe he missed the days of having his opinions go unchallenged.
It was in the way Tony withdrew and let Steve chase after him, mouth open and inviting but spine stiff, guarded and hiding; the way Steve stroked his hands down Tony’s back, offering safety, offering support.
Having no feeling for temperature, Steve hadn’t realized just how cold it had been, especially at their altitude in the Tower. It was only after Tony had sneezed three times in succession that Steve had realized the redness of Tony’s cheeks and nose, and how he had been shivering in his single layer of clothing. Feeling like a heel, he’d urged Tony inside against all protests of being fine. He couldn’t even have given Tony his coat because he didn’t wear a coat, and even if he did, it would have fallen through Tony and not done a damn thing for the cold anyway.
“That’s all I ask, Shellhead,” she says, then leans in to peck him on the cheek. He accepts with a boyish grin. “And it’s a bulldog. Safe driving.”
“I didn’t,” Steve said firmly. “There was - remember that dream of mine I told you about?” He waited for Tony to nod before continuing. “That Cube, it’s still out there somewhere. I just wanted to know more about it. I didn’t know they’d go looking for it. And I definitely didn’t expect them to find anything even if they did.”
Steve leaned back, decision made, and slowly withdrew his hand from the warm—
After meeting Peggy, after Doctor Erskine, getting his new body, joining the war, finding Bucky again, losing Bucky, and as he had stared into the ice as it had rushed towards him, he’d suddenly known what he had wanted to do with his life after the war, in the future. It was when you were staring death in the eyes as you met it head on that you realized what you had truly wanted out of life and he had wanted a life with Peggy. It had been his one regret in that moment: that he had waited. He’d closed his eyes to the sound of Peggy’s voice and he’d fallen into the unknown abyss that had been death.
Steve nodded, not surprised in the least that Tony did remember the first time. They hadn’t been together then, and they hadn’t gotten together after it, but it had been one of those things Steve often thought back on. He had always wondered what might have happened if he’d taken that extra step further, if he had only just asked Tony for a date. Just a single date, a single chance, before everything had fallen apart around their ears.
“Big Guns,” Steve confirmed. “We’ll blast from the east. Thor, keep him off the Library and tip him west. Hawkeye, a trip stream and capture streams. Widow, set the Trap at the centre of the lawn, where the thick of the torso would be. Tony, explosives on the torso. Thor, lightning to follow. Clear?”
Tony looked up at the intercom, then cycled to the lab cameras on his phone. They were on loop and Tony almost dropped the Trap on the ground and left then and there. It wasn’t like he could waltz in and
“Or I would tell you what you want to hear because you’re dreaming that you’re lucid dreaming?” Steve suggests, still thrown by this turn of events.
Steve blinked and Tony could see him put together everything that had transpired. Confusion, to horror, resignation, acceptance, bliss, more confusion, and finally, realization. Good, because Tony didn’t think he had the energy for longwinded explanations. The numbness was travelling up his neck and he couldn’t feel his heartbeat anymore.
Jim sits back on his heels then rolls unsteadily to his feet with a smile.
Tony beams at him. “I need dad to give me better materials and machines. I want to give Jarvis something that looks nice.” Without another word, Tony drags Steve by the hand through another series of winding corridors, ending up in front of a heavy set of wooden doors. Tony hesitates at the door but Steve urges him on. Tony visibly steels himself with all his seven-year-old determination and he pushes open the doors.
“Alright, people,” Steve called. “Thor, take Clint to high ground. Tony, fetch the Trap and take position above the blob.”
Tony felt his hand open and the Soul Stone dropped away. He was tugged backwards, away from the light, through the planes of existence and when he opened his eyes again, he was alone in the lab by Steve’s shield and the two relics that had started all this and brought him here.
It had been another normal day in Timely. The sun was still hot in the late afternoon and the roads were dry and dusty.
“I know,” Steve snarled. He threw the agent’s head away from him and returned to his pacing, picking up the cloth to wipe his fingers clean as he passed the trolley. “Where did you move it?”
Bucky freezes in place, heart speeding up. He takes a drink to mask his stiffness.
, and then he turned to face Steve, rubbing a wet streak from chest to groin with his lubed fingers.
Steve nodded and pushed his hands into the pockets of his jacket. His right fist closed over something and T'Challa knew it was the phone from which Steve had been awaiting a call. As far as T'Challa was aware, the phone had never rung even if the delivery of the package to Stark had been confirmed a week ago. For everyone's sake, he hoped it would ring with the right number shown on it.
and 8
and Tony Stark did not succumb to things he could not define. His coherence was leaving him quickly with every glimpse of Steve’s flushed skin. He bit hard at his tongue, using the pain to focus his thoughts away from imagining how best to give a blowjob in armor. Steve was breathing heavily, Tony could tell from his vantage point. Breathing heavily and staring directly up at Tony with naked desire.
Tony couldn’t deny that.
What had his mother used to say?
Steve tried to contort his face into something stereotypically old and Tony burst out laughing, heedless of the curious glances from the PLASM support teams that had swarmed in for clean-up. Tony hadn’t let out a good hearty laugh for weeks and weeks and his stomach almost ached at the uncontrollable tremors that ran through him. Steve laughed with him and it didn’t matter whether or not Steve was corporeal in these moments.
But it wasn’t letting him take them back. Something was resisting it. The Stone had manifested and he was holding it. He knew that. The Stone was in his will. He could
Tony heard the sirens on the helicarrier sound again. The lab was flashing red with the rise and fall of the klaxons. More call-outs for high Class entities. More trouble in the streets. Shit. PLASM was only so big; they couldn’t deal with this level of activity. The team was already called out for two Class Sevens, one stampede of Class Sixes, twelve Class Fives, and more than a hundred of other minor paranormal activities from all around the five boroughs. Even if Tony had joined them, they were not going to be able to contain this.
Tony snickered but his smile only widened. “What else?”
Nuthin' firmer and more pleasurable than this blacksmith and his hands, indeed.
The unofficial summary of the fic was: Nat and crew try to get Tony and Steve to go on one date. They themselves get set up in the process. Everyone is subtly unsubtle.
Steve shifted in his seat, his first movement since he got in the car over half an hour ago. He adjusted his clamped wrists behind his back and turned a little to face Stark.
“JARVIS!” he called out.
Steve’s grin thins a little but he nods all the same. “No promises but I’ll try.”
Steve snored once and continued to sleep on. It couldn’t be comfortable, but it was better than what it was before.
“Look, nothing’s been happening since that Vanko thing. You don’t need to do this. I can deal with it.”
Tony’s arms were straining, shaking, and Steve let a hand run along Tony’s hips and finally closed his fingers around Tony. Tony moaned and rode Steve faster, and Steve started thrusting into him, into the sweet heat of Tony, holding him close with a hand over his heart.
Steve turned a little and shook his bound wrists at Stark with meaning. “I’m here, aren’t I?”
Steve shakes his head, or tries to, confusion rising. What does Peggy mean?
“Steve,” he said, nudging at a well-muscled shoulder. “Wake up. Time to take the red pill.”
“Payback.”
“—muffins.”
Sam leans on the prep bench and silently appreciates the praise. He picks at his goggles while Steve looks for fresh socks. “So, thought more about that café?”
“Excuse you, Rhodes, but my life is impeccable. I have toys, vacation time, women—“
With that, Steve was dragged away from the blond man and his bodyguards. He almost tripped over himself as Stark continued to drag him off toward Grand Central. Toward Stark Tower to be precise, Steve realized.
Cap’s head tilted in a way that was adorably boyish despite what Tony knew of his history. “So, you’re Howard’s boy?”
“Hypothetically speaking,” Bruce begins, as they wander towards the library. He knows (from Tony) that Steve likes the quiet there. Chances are he’s reading or drawing if he isn’t actively training. “Is Steve the mother or the father of the Avengers? And would that make Tony the mother or the father when they get around to it?”
“I don’t want to think about Steve kissing—“
Tony gave him the smallest and most genuine of smiles in return and Steve committed this feeling to memory – this new turning point in their lives. Steve would do his best to earn back the trust of this man who had dragged him through all the highs and lows of life. And he knew Tony would do the same.
Steve gestured at the paper littering his desk. “I gotta write all this out and get it to Murdock.” He smiled at Tony. “And then I can let you out in the morning to start with the compensations.”
Tony slapped at Steve again. “If this is a dream,” Tony said, his voice starting to shake, “then I want out. Now.”
“It was going to get it either way. It was either you or me. And I’m already dead. It wasn’t even a choice. If I can help, why shouldn’t I?”
Steve took out the bread and oats, then rolled the grocery bag up and tucked it into his bag drawer. He considered his empty hands, then turned to the electric kettle to pour some water for tea except it was cold and empty. Right.
This was going to be the last time he let himself be called out by Kate after already having partied literally onto the roof with a bunch of rowdy Avengers. It absolutely did not surprise him that he ended up in a fight with some hooligans over something completely stupid. It absolutely did surprise him that one of the hooligans had physical enhancements and managed to get a punch in before they locked him down and gave him a telling off.
Tony woke screaming. Bruce’s anxious face was hovering over him but behind his eyelids, Tony could see the image of Steve hovering above him instead, shield pressing into the neck of his hijacked ghostly self.
To each of them, it was their second kiss. But it was the first one they’d shared together. It was the first one they’d both leaned in towards. Into each other and without hesitation.
Tony turned his attention back to where Thor, Clint, and Natasha were trying to draw the Colonel away from the Library. The Colonel roared and jumped into the air and landed with an almighty thud. A large boom resounded through the park and a crack streaked up the walls of the Library.
“Well, to be fair, neither have you.”
Stark gave a weak laugh at that and closed his eyes with a nod. "I just wanted Steve to tell me sooner," he said, voice tired. "He's the one always yapping on about not keeping secrets. Guess it doesn't apply to him."
At the end of the night—in the early morning—Jim is unfortunately more drunk than tipsy. The result of having maybe too much of a good time with his best friend. Especially after Tony started requesting the fancier drinks.
It was in the way Steve could steer Tony backwards to press him against the nearest wall; the way Tony closed his eyes and let himself be guided, hands running heatedly across Steve’s waist to pull them closer together; the way Tony opened his mouth for Steve, and the way he pressed into Steve like he was giving Steve new life with his breath and the beating of his heart.
