“I should have let you sleep,” she continued softly, “but I was too excited, I just had to see you.”
“Oops, that’s me,” said Lestrade, as his phone buzzed in his pocket. He stepped away from the table, and John, Sherlock, and Molly continued chatting. Molly was toying with the idea of writing a book, she said, giving John a knowing look. Aha. John had in some way inspired or encouraged the idea, so he smiled back like he understood. When she mentioned that it would be a detective novel, Sherlock immediately started pestering her with questions (Was it a police detective or a private detective? Did she need help envisioning the details of the murder? It would be a
It was by pure chance that, before his next heat, he met Sherlock Holmes. He wasn’t in heat, and Sherlock wasn’t looking, but they ended up on the same train from Ipswich to London, sitting across from one another. John was returning from a sales convention and Sherlock from investigating a disappearance. Somehow, they got to talking. Sherlock correctly deduced his boring job and how much he hated it, what he had eaten for lunch, and what Omega School he had attended in London. John showered him with open-mouthed astonishment and admiration. When Sherlock sat closer, John felt himself begin to flush; and when Sherlock placed a hand on his knee, John began to sweat. Before long, Sherlock put his lips close to John’s ear, saying, “I further deduce that my proximity has triggered early heat. We are obviously compatible, and while I have little interest in an Omega companion on a permanent basis, I find myself unoccupied for the next few days and would not be opposed to assisting you through your heat. Say yes.”
“No. Our story would have been different, but we would have met all the same,” countered Sherlock. He stepped around to face John squarely and rubbed his upper arms, consolingly. “And then we would have been looking for a place to rent. Mrs. Hudson would have become a part of our story, one way or another. I’m sure of it.”
“One.” He glanced toward the door. It was a little thing, but he hoped Sherlock would understand. “I want my name on the bell. Next to yours. I live here, too.”
He knew—of course he knew—that John liked him. They liked each other. It was as obvious as the day was bright. They wouldn’t have stuck together so long if that weren’t true, and they had had two years now of sharing company, sharing a flat, and sharing mad adventures. Sherlock loved it, and he knew John did, too.
run. Just fast enough to push past their closing ranks, just far enough to outpace them until he reached Sherlock. Taking his eyes off the pack of four to assess his chances, he noticed, instead, that the two standing by the pole had literally abandoned that post and were coming forward more steadily now that the pack of four were making their move. John wasn’t sure, but he began to suspect they were not all one pack, but many. Competitors. The solitary Alpha on the ridge, who stood at the greatest distance, was stalking forward with intent, quickly, to cover more ground, hoping to reach him first, to claim him. The three down the path were egging each other forward, though with a little more hesitancy (John judged them somewhat younger than the others), and the two on the bridge, strangely, were gesturing
, go mad, require hospitalization. For one wild minute, John had entertained the possibility that it was true, that he
John chewed his bread fitfully while keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock. When  he was fit to talk, he said, “I think it
But that evening, Sherlock found John standing alone and contemplative in the sitting room, facing the bare wall, with something of remorse about him.
“One does not knot an Omega outside of his heat, John. I thought your time here had made that clear.”
Sherlock burst out laughing again, throwing himself back into the couch cushions. John whacked his leg, but his face was bright red from trying not to laugh at the embarrassment he couldn’t identify as either first-hand or second. It was sort of both.
from estrus poisoning, after all she had already gone through? So the powers that be would arrange to have her moved from the sanctuary of a hospital, and then hire an Alpha to come and fuck her for two days. And there was
“—hand . . .” Sherlock’s voice trailed off, but he dropped his gaze. So John looked away first. His eyes were burning. “I’ve said something wrong.”
Slowly, Sherlock straightened, growing taller. And though he was less wolf-like with that posture, he was no less frightening. “Is that so? You lot know the pricks who tried to take what’s mine before? Very well. Then you’ll deliver a message for me.”
“John Watson,” Harry said, swatting him in the arm this time, “don’t you dare joke about a thing like this. At least your bond-mate is finally taking action.”
John stayed the night and slept long and deep. But Sherlock couldn’t sleep. Instead, he watched John’s sleeping form by the soft light of the window, waiting for every wrinkle of the nose or twitch of the lip, imagining that John was feeling as content as he was and wistfully wishing that he would never leave this bed. Everything seemed perfect. His best friend had become his lover, and both of those designations were things Sherlock never expected to have as counterpart. He had never desired either. Now, he couldn’t imagine giving up either one. The very thought was a knife to the belly. Or a lightning bolt to the heart, as John might put it. So he was perfectly happy to lie in the dark with John, his John, and revel in this new state of being.
John could scarcely contain himself. He bounced on the balls of his feet, hands flapping on either side. Behind him, Sherlock, half-dressed and eyes still adjusting to the light, skidded into the room. But the instant he came into the frame of the mirror, John suddenly found himself staring once again at … himself.
. Yes, that was better. Relinquish the decision-making and put the power in John’s hands. And if a knock never came? Why, he’d just never leave the room ever, ever again. Yes, that sounded reasonable.
All at once, the truth of it crashed down on him. He clapped his hands across his mouth and doubled over, trying to contain the sobs that were trying to tear him to pieces. But then he felt a splayed hand on his back, an arm curling around his middle, and Sherlock pulled him into a tight embrace.
”) and had his thumb poised to dial Mycroft when he heard the door open and slam closed downstairs. He dropped the phone and spun. He was halfway across the room when he stopped. John—those were definitely John’s footfalls, heavier than normal, perhaps, but definitely his—was stomping his way up the stairs. Sherlock let go of his fear and let relief wash over him. John was home. He was safe. He was remarkably
But things didn’t start off the way he expected. The first thing Sherlock did, which surprised John, was lay his right hand on John’s left shoulder, while his thumb grazed the old bullet wound, two-and-a-half inches northeast of his heart. He’d seen it already from the back, where the scar tissue was more of a disaster and therefore probably more interesting. But from the front, it was just a small round hole that had healed over with tight, rough, shiny skin. Sherlock wasn’t looking at it with the same level of curiosity as he had the back. Instead, there was an air of . . . what as that? Reverence? Surely not.
John struck a key with a decisive nod, closed the laptop, and reached for one of the stacks of papers. Sherlock, glancing at them upside down, saw that the sheets were printed from news sites: The Guardian and The Daily Mail and The Times, among others. What was he doing, looking at all of this? What was it for?
“Weren’t you listening? Mr. Melas may only be a good storyteller, but as he said, there’s an element of truth in those stories. In my universe, Taured is a made-up word. In yours, an entire country. What we need to find is further evidence of people like you—universe hoppers. We need their stories. If we gather enough data, we may be able to deduce what we need to do,
He had meant it flippantly, while at the same time wondering if there was a kernel of truth in his words. Was John desperate enough that he would risk
I hope you all enjoyed The Abominable Bride! I sure did. And I kept thinking, how fun would that be, to swap modern!John with Victorian!John and watch that play out? But enough daydreaming. I have a fic to finish.
He seized John by the wrist and dragged him out of the room, through the kitchen, down the hall, and into the bedroom where he wasted no more time divesting himself of his shirt and assisting John with the same before they toppled together upon the bed. There, they took a few more minutes to explore the sensations of newly exposed skin. Sherlock found new ways to make John squirm, and John awakened in him new pleasure centers that left him gasping. He still found it all incredible, that he was holding John like this, that the closeness they had shared for so long had found a new and exciting manifestation, and that for the first time in his life, he was desperate to engage in what so many lesser mortals took as a given—and all because of John. Only John.
“I’m going to bed,” Sherlock announced. He looked absolutely drained of energy, and his eyes were glassed over. “I said I’d send you home, and I will. I just need to be alone right now.”
. And it’s an Alpha’s prerogative whether he or she will bother to use it. Chances are pretty slim on that count, eh? But what if Omegas could control their
It was only a matter of time (minutes, hours if they were lucky) before they were discovered. If the cops hadn’t tracked Sherlock to Exeter, an explosion in Chelmsford in the Stapleton Estate was bound to draw attention. They would be apprehended, for sure: Sherlock for his escape and officer assault, and John alongside him for the murders of Dr. Stapleton and her assistant Byron. With the survivors as the only witnesses and accusers, it would take a while to sort out the facts and determine Sherlock had not been lying, but protecting his Omega. After all, Omega protection laws outweighed some of the severest of crimes.
Seated on the park bench, John whimpered a little and curled over, hands covering his face. He’d never felt more wretched in his life. He didn’t belong in this world. And he was no longer wanted in his own.
The Alphas stayed with her for hours, until the flatmates were heard readying for bed, finishing up in the bathroom, and retreating to their own rooms. When all was quiet, they slipped out of her bedroom, down the darkened hallway, and right out the front door. By then, she could already feel the toxins burning in her system. She had dropped her bag with her phone in it by the door. Because of the severity of the pain, she couldn’t reach it to call for help. All she could do was cry, and in time, one of her flatmates heard her and came inquiring. It was she who called for the ambulance. She was rushed to Omega Emergency, drained, and given a cocktail of neutralizing hormones; but her body was still fighting the bond.
“John,” said Dr. Stapleton, setting before him a bowl of microwaved mac and cheese, “it’s dinner time.”
Sherlock sniffed. “No need to romanticize,” he said off-handedly. But his cheeks remained inflamed. “It’s a practical solution to an ongoing problem. This likely won’t be the last time one of us winds up in hospital, and I don’t fancy being on the other side of that door any more than you do. Besides, one can’t discount the financial benefits of marriage, and as far as tenancy goes, it dramatically simplifies the paperwork. Travel, possessions, life insurance, it all becomes more tenable, spouse to spouse. And no court could order us to testify against each other, which we may one day need to rely on—mmf.”
John’s eyes blinked open and he rebalanced, pulling away. “Right. Sorry. I forget we’re not . . .” He gestured a little hopelessly between them. “Sorry.”
was, was the product of a fever-addled mind. He was ill, and his brain was playing tricks on him. He needed to calm down, beat the fever, and wait for his body to expel whatever bacteria the food truck had soaked the meat in. Then he could restore himself to a bit of normalcy. After a good night’s sleep, he would wake up to the body he knew.
Nothing. John was checking the TV listings on his phone, brow furrowed, and Sherlock thought he heard him say, “Doctor Who… That’s a funny title.”
“Why is this so hard!” Sherlock suddenly exploded, shocking even himself. But something had been unleashed, and despite half of him being horrified and begging him to rein it in, the other half was an engine that had just been kicked into life. “Why won’t you talk to me? Why won’t you let me talk to
The pants were ruined. He returned to the bedroom to change, whimpering. He dropped the soiled clothes on the floor, and naked from the waist down returned to the drawer for a fresh pair of pyjama bottoms.
“Right, yeah, okay,” said John. He scrubbed a hand across his face and tried to breathe normally. The man was a Beta (John could tell by the lack of pheromonal scent), but a professional. What seemed strange to John was probably run of the mill for a doctor. Maybe his condition wasn’t as rare as he believed, maybe it wasn’t even
John kissed him again, softly, chastely; nevertheless, his body tingled in anticipation. His voice was husky with want as he said, “Make love to me? Today? Right now?”
Lestrade?! John had the sudden urge to hide, as though someone else would be able to spot that he was an imposter in this world, though it was an irrational thought. If Sherlock hadn’t noticed, Lestrade certainly wouldn’t.
The police were already milling about and taking photographs, but they left the corpse as it had been found, waiting for Sherlock’s examination.
“Oh. Yeah, no problem.” John grunted as he stood. “Maybe I’ll just have to find the latest episode online.” He grabbed the stack of bills and headed for the door. Sherlock listened to his footsteps descend and then, unable to stand it anymore, shouted, “Good thing I paid the internet bill then, eh? You’re welcome!”
He could smell the Alpha in her. That meant she had not been properly screened or injected with inhibitors, and
He didn’t bother asking Sherlock whether he actually wanted tea. He just shoved it into his hand. Sherlock made no protest and sipped appreciatively.
For a moment or two, while stroking Sherlock’s bare neck and shoulders, John contemplated how to respond. Always, he had shied away from bald honesty, even with himself. He didn’t want to do that anymore.
He had the paper and pen ready, but also the laptop with notes (Sherlock’s laptop, as neither of them had been able to crack John’s password). His palms were sweaty with anticipation, hoping it would work, even though for the last five nights it had not. It had to work tonight. It just had to. He had done everything right; conditions were perfect; he felt it in his bones. John would be on the other side of the mirror, and they would figure it out.
“Apologies,” John murmured, sniffing discreetly. He wanted to say Beta, but he felt like he just couldn’t be sure anymore. His intuitions seemed not to be functional lately.
“Well. You’ve got a couple more weeks, I guess. Oh! And next week. Day of the dog fight. My place or yours?”
Thing four: Molly didn’t want an Alpha. Maybe she’d never wanted an Alpha, but she certainly didn’t now. She fancied Betas. Beta-Ys. And, unless John was mistaken, a very particular Beta-Y. The Molly he knew was (tragically) besotted with Sherlock, but in recent months, he had seen (though maybe not so much
Standing stock still, refusing to meet John’s eyes even through the reflection, Sherlock asked in a monotone, “Third question. Where did you and I first meet?”
who had to prove me wrong. That is”—he backpedaled quickly—“I saw a better version of myself, in myself. A stronger John. Someone that had been there all along, but I was too blind and too scared to let him out.”
him, pressing John’s back to his own front, and then breathe him in. God, what if he’d done it? How would either of them have recovered from such embarrassment?
“Did you . . . did it work?” His voice was gruff. A-cigarette-every-twenty-minutes-all-night-long kind of gruff.
a country! And the first solid evidence John had yet heard that he wasn’t straight-out-of-Bedlam mad. He caught Sherlock’s eye and tried to communicate that they had something at last, but Sherlock wasn’t looking at him, and hadn’t correctly interpreted the sniffle.
The doctor shook his head and winced. “Homemade lubricants aren’t safe. I recommend MHRA-approved natural or synthetic lubes you can buy in the hygiene section of a chemist’s.”
“Don’t matter, does it? I get caught selling to an Omega, next thing I know, that Omega ends up in hospital or worse, and who do the police come after? Me, that’s who. Suddenly, they're calling me an enabler.”
he was thinking. But he couldn’t help but marvel that in a world so topsy turvy and ass-backwards as this one, where so little was familiar and most of his acquaintances had disappeared from his life, he had still found Sherlock, and Sherlock had found him.
thought fled the moment he stepped up to his front door: by the look of the knocker, Mycroft was there.
John was covering his mouth with both hands, which trembled with the ferocity of his grip, and he was struggling to stand straight. He looked like he was in pain.
It was night, and the cab dropped him off somewhere not far outside of Chelmsford on a country road, just before a tall iron gate leading to a Jacobethan-style house of brick. A quick survey of the gate, fence, and grounds revealed a single surveillance camera, a remnant of 1980s security, and easily dismantled. Hopping the fence was just as easy, and he was halfway across the grounds when he stopped short. He had just smelled it:
Having turned the whole thing over to the police, they were now in the cab heading back to Baker Street, and beside him—sitting a bit closer than was his custom—John was still shaking with the rush of adrenaline; he was almost giddy, and seemed incapable of turning off the faucet of praise.
“Oh, you have a cat?” said Sherlock with feigned nonchalance as he threw another chary glance John’s way. “Animals can be a great source of comfort at times like these.” He cleared his throat and asked with a casual air, “What’s his name?”
enough. Maybe Sherlock had already discovered it. It was quite possible. Mirror conversations didn’t usually last terribly long, after all, and nearly an hour had passed. Maybe he was already on his way to the bridge.
He decided to get pissed. Straight-up, bleary-eyed, sour-stomached, just-roll-me-into-a-corner kind of pissed. The sun had set by the time he left the bridge, and he was miles from Baker Street and didn’t even care. He had his wallet, and he had enough cash on him to buy enough alcohol to erase the last twenty-four hours, and maybe the next twenty-four hours, if he was lucky.
Sherlock stared, mouth slack, uncomprehending. And John knew why. He wasn’t in heat. Taking a knot outside of the heat was foolhardy at best, and most likely would result in estrus poisoning. But they didn’t need to knot to become one, to touch each other in every part, to inspire pleasure that set the body singing. He knew that now. He knew how things could be different between them, better. He knew what he wanted.
John’s voice had gone soft. He felt the heat rising in his cheeks. The wrong kind of heat. He tried to recover, clearing his throat, scrambling for some kind of quip to break apart the new tension that had crept between them, this one far more unwelcome.
Sherlock was no longer listening. He sat ponderously back in his chair, fingertips steepled and an absent expression in his eyes. Daydreaming, no doubt, of reuniting with his real love, even if it meant it had to be through glass.
“John, I want you to tell me about when it happened, the exact moment you moved from your world to this one. Where were you? What were you doing?”
He’d never seen Sherlock looking so distressed, neither this version nor the one he knew himself. “You’re sure?” he asked, stepping toward the mirror and looking into its depths and corners, raking across its smooth surface with sharp, penetrating, anxious eyes.
“Sorry, mate,” John muttered, staring at the ground beneath his shoes, shifting his weight guiltily.
“That’s right. The question you keep dodging. Something was going on you won’t admit aloud. Why, Sherlock, were you trying to be
Sherlock moved swiftly down John’s body, licking his nipples, kissing his belly, and suddenly stripped John’s trousers and underwear to his knees, then off entirely. John shivered with delight, expecting Sherlock to rejoin him at the head of the sofa where they would kiss passionately, John’s legs wrapped around Sherlock, and they would thrust together. Instead, Sherlock stayed at the foot, kissed the inside of John’s right knee, then up the inner thigh. John stopped breathing entirely as Sherlock spread his legs wide and parted his lips obscenely, and then—
“Might be time for bed soon, eh?” John suggested around eleven o’clock. If he was going to try to contact the other world again through the mirror, he needed to have the sitting room to himself at precisely 1:15. Having been doubted once already for claiming to have seen the other John, he didn’t want to mention it again until he had more solid proof.
“He . . . visited my sister. He says . . . they had a great time? They, holy fuck, they spent an hour laughing together and drinking
, but not yes, it’s . . . look. Right now, I’m unattached. Romantically. But I’ve known my fair share of . . . Well, you know, women. Beta-Xs, if you prefer. I’ve only
“The homeless network may not have been the most fruitful avenue to pursue,” he said with an air of confession. “I interviewed those who claimed to have been struck by lightning or electrocuted alongside tales of disorientation, faulty memories, and belief in ghosts, aliens, and realistic dreams. Mostly, I think I just wasted an afternoon chatting up the mentally ill.
“I require your assistance,” he said into his phone as he paced the sitting room, fighting not to kick over a chair. The white noise of the shower continued uninterrupted.
world, John was patching up wounded soldiers in Afghanistan and I was fighting a cocaine addiction and trying to worm my way into the good graces of DI Lestrade just so I could have something interesting to do with my brain. I had no idea such a creature as John Watson existed. For five years, in some other universe, you and a different Sherlock Holmes were shagging each other’s brains out”—John blushed—“but I didn’t even have him to call my friend. But we found each other, didn’t we? Maybe we were always meant to. But you don’t understand. In
But this wasn’t Mind Palace John, who had stormed off. And it wasn’t Fantasy John, either (the John that was gripping his curls so hard he saw the world sideways). Like Fantasy John, this was a new John to the Mind Palace, one that had never made an appearance before, and one he had never really expected to. He didn’t know what else to call him, to distinguish him, so he silently dubbed him Omega John.
Any other day, Sherlock might have rolled his eyes or spoken scornfully at his stupidity. But there was a softness in him that John wasn’t used to when he said, “Your scars, John. The ones your father gave you.”
He was standing in a posture of anticipating John’s return: hands in his pockets, weight evenly distributed between two legs spread shoulder-width apart, shoulders themselves squared. But that wasn’t all. His dark blue shirt was open (perhaps because it was suddenly too warm to keep closed) to a white vest underneath, revealing a rather well-defined chest. John froze in the doorway, mouth suddenly dry, and his balled up jacket slipping from under his arm and onto the floor.
John fished out two ten-pound notes and shoved them into the front seat. “Not your problem,” he snapped.
“I’m not an Omega anymore, Harry. I don’t know how it happened, but I’ve changed. And Sherlock was okay with it, for a little while. But now . . . Now I don’t think he loves me at all. He called me an imposter. He says he doesn’t know me, says I’ve tricked him, just to get him into bed . . .”
The questions confused him, but ultimately he couldn’t be arsed to care. He was too miserable. Almost too miserable to respond. But he did, and honestly.
Sherlock’s kisses slowed, and a hand dragged down John’s back, pulling him closer so that their chests were flat against each other and they could feel each other’s breaths in the movement of their stomachs. John raked his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and squeezed. Then they fell into an embrace, warm and secure. John didn’t let go of Sherlock’s hair, but he rested his chin over his shoulder and whispered his desperately unspoken truth.
Slowly, still reeling from his latest horrifying realization, John shook his head. “Actually,” he said, “I was thinking I should visit Molly. See how she’s doing.”
“Then what?” Nothing. John seemed to be biting his tongue—literally—and he wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. John was being deliberately evasive, and Sherlock was getting impatient. Being uncivil with Mycroft was one thing. Objectionable, yes, deplorable even, but . . . kind of entertaining. But being impertinent with
Fantasy John tried to grab the door handle and pull it closed again, but John’s foot came down as a barrier.
John was halfway into his jacket and moving toward the door, following. He looked between the two men, a little befuddled, then answered, “I’m coming, too.”
“Are you even listening to me?” John turned in his seat to face the camera directly. “Johnwatsonblog.co.uk. I’ve started a website. If you’re an Omega, and even if you’re not, check it out. I don’t need my voice filtered through people like
Chris was finishing his story. “They can’t send him back, but they won’t let him in. So they detain him in a hotel overnight, and in the morning . . . Gone without a trace.”
She nodded hopefully. Then she let his hand go to brush her cheeks. “Again, I’m sorry I woke you. I just had to say thank you before I leave.”
At last, Donovan chose to ignore the unusual greeting. “This way,” she said. Sherlock and John fell in line behind her. Sherlock watched John from the corner of his eye, his level of concern elevated a modicum of a percent.
Sherlock had already decided on a solution, and it was happening in ninety minutes? But then, with only thirty minutes left before he walked out the door, how could he do anything but spend it with Sherlock?
“Sherlock’s mad! He’s gone absolutely mad. I went to see him this morning, told him I had figured it out. All those questions about parallel universes, displacement, everything, I knew one of you had actually crossed planes, and he confirmed it—it’s you. You’re from another world, and you’ve displaced the John of this world. His bond-mate. Do you see?”
“Nope. Four-inch blade. Though I should mention, I did lose the appendix because of that little scuffle. That’s what it took for me to realize I was in over my head. I lost a lot of money, too. Mycroft’s money. He’s the one who got me straightened out, more or less. Lost a lot of his hair and a fair bit of weight doing it, too.” He grinned a bit remorsefully, though with something John thought might have been fondness. “Lestrade eased the boredom, once he started letting me solve some of his trickier cases. Brainwork was my salvation. Solving cases helped a lot. Hell of a lot. But the cravings themselves . . . They never seemed to go away. Most nights, they drove me mad. I had promised Mycroft I would never use again, not even smoke. So I got my fix from nicotine patches. That seemed to do the trick.” He turned his head toward John. “Until I met you.”
Before he was even finished speaking, Sherlock was nodding fervidly. “I can go change it out right now.” And he made as though to leave, but John gripped him firmly at the shoulders to keep him in place.
“He didn’t laugh at all. I thought he would, like they always do, you know, when we say things like that. But he didn’t. And he said that if I was interested, he could tell me stories, such stories! About cases he’s worked, and what it’s really like in a morgue, and oh, just all sorts of things, and we just talked and talked and talked, and . . .” She giggled a little. “I said I might steal some of his stories and turn them into fiction. And I kind of meant it as a joke, but you know what he said?”
She still gripped the edge of the blanket, but she let it slip down her face just a little so she could see who was talking to her. He noticed dark bruises shining on her forehead, a blood-shot eye, and one finger was bandaged where it hooked over the blanket. He felt sick, knowing it was because of his own folly that she was in this bed to begin with.
“Ha ha,” said Lestrade drily. John returned to channel surfing. Maybe he could find that cooking program he enjoyed. He only half paid attention to the conversation going on behind him. After all, Lestrade’s visits, frequent as they were, never had anything to do with
While the world reeled with wonder, the Omega and his Alpha disappeared again. They decided not to return to Baker Street. It was only three hours before the rendezvous on the Waterloo Bridge, and sitting around the flat—where doubtless they would find reporters and coppers—would make leaving again nearly impossible. For John, that meant that the next time he saw his home, it would be the one in his own universe.
He’d been attacked. Clearly. But what was more, Sherlock knew it had been a pack. The stink radiated off of him like heat from a furnace. His John had been
And just before the lift doors closed in front of his eyes, he saw, down the hall, Greg Lestrade approaching Molly’s door, pause, adjust his tie, slick back his hair, check himself out in the reflection of the window. Despite everything wrong with this world, John thought, there was at least one thing right.
Without thinking, and primarily as a consoling gesture, Sherlock moved a hand to John’s thigh and gave it a kindly pat. “You’re the benevolent one, John, of the two of us. And I rely on that, too . . .”
“Sorry, sorry.” He shouldn’t ridicule Sherlock’s attempts to be human. “We’d won a rugby match, me and the lads, and went out to celebrate. I was only sixteen. A fight broke out, and I tried to intervene.”
John blinked at him. A feeling of impending dread was swelling in his stomach like a balloon. “Of course I am.”
Practically trembling, Sherlock turned away, walked to his chair, and fell into it. “Then where is the John Watson I know?” he asked.
Then John reappeared, flattening the jumper down his chest, a quirky smile lifting his face, and Sherlock felt something turn over in his stomach. A curious sensation.
Sherlock shrugged, but not dismissive of the question. More like, he was dismissive of his younger self. “Wrong? Nothing, really. I was an idiot. A brilliant idiot. And I was bored. Needed stimulation. And I found it. In the form of something chemical.” A shadow crossed over his face, and the sad smile couldn’t hold. “I wouldn’t say my home life was . . . harmful. But my father was never there, and when he was, he wasn’t really. He was an important man, a government man, like what Mycroft became, and his family was inconsequential to the life he really wanted to lead. For her part, my mother had her clubs and causes and soirees and could hardly be said to be an
“Because I thought he was you!” Sherlock cried. “He didn’t know he was in the wrong world, and I didn’t either. I thought he was
“Not recently. He hasn’t . . . That is, in the beginning, John was, I don’t know, skittish. He’d had some bad experiences. With Alphas. Service Alphas, primarily.” As he spoke, he continued dragging his fingers across John’s scalp, parting the hair, cooling him. John felt like he was melting. “And those memories provoked him, sometimes. I would hold him, then.”
thought at which John was visibly taken aback, and he sat up on the bed. Had he just used that word? Inevitable? His meeting Sherlock was far from impossible. But London was huge, and they traveled in very different circles, and the likelihood of their finding one another was really quite
Flabbergasted, Sherlock as much as floated down the hallway and stepped cautiously into his own bedroom, like it wasn’t his own. John was on the bedside farther from the door, lying on his side facing out, with the covers gathered up around his shoulders. He had left a wide space on the other side of the bed for another body to occupy.
The sun set, and midnight crawled closer. He couldn’t describe it, but John knew that soon, the connection would lessen, and then break. And that would be that. This, the chance to reach across a great void, was a gift from the universe, and one they would not be given again. He could see in the other John’s eyes that he knew it, too. And they were both at peace with it. The universe had righted itself, and so how could they feel anything but peace, and joy?
is a lot harder to swallow. Until recently, I had no idea what Alphas and Omegas even were, let alone heats and knots and all that insanity.” He sighed and scrubbed his face with a hand. Then, gesturing to their chairs, he said, “I suppose we ought to talk about this.”
Sherlock stood facing the sofa; the wall behind it was littered with scraps of paper covered in handwritten notes, which he examined in pajamas and a bathrobe.
Suddenly, her fingers began to rake through his hair, a petting gesture. Had he any less self-control, John would have flinched.
Sherlock matched Mycroft’s tone, but it was a fair bit steadier. “I will deal with this. You and Anthea may leave.”
For his own part, John held tight to Sherlock, arms encircling him over the shoulders and around his neck. Then he buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, and when he breathed in, his whole body shuddered, because
He knew where she was going, and he knew that she was nervous about it. And sweet mercy, it was so fucked up, because Lestrade was going with her, and he knew it all, too. But, truth be told, John was glad she wouldn’t be alone. And he realized, too, that if Lestrade wasn’t going, John would have gone himself, if she would let him, to support her and care for her in any way she might need. John didn’t know if Lestrade would be in the room when it was . . . happening, or just outside the door, or just down the street, or what, and he decided it wasn’t his business to think about. All he knew was that Molly was glad Lestrade was there, so he was too.
They had removed the mirror to begin with in order to repaper the wall after the unfortunate exploding-toads incident (it took them three more days to track down the elusive Reptile Bomber), and now they were trying to set the sitting room to rights. Mrs. Hudson was one of the most tolerant landlords in all of England, but the toads tested her resolve and she hadn’t been back up to the flat since it happened, and swore she would not, until she could walk through the door and be none the wiser.
He had an obligation, not to the cops or the system or the law of the land, but to John, first and foremost. Biological or not, he would honor that. In fact, the more he thought about it (and Sherlock could think an awful lot in the space of about two seconds), the more he realized that, for him and John, biology no longer had much to do with it at all. They could both be Betas, and he would feel the same.
John shrugged. “Maybe there’s an element of truth to that. That’s how Alice got back, right? In the story? She . . . woke up.”
Sherlock laughed. “I admit, such a result didn’t occur to me. You always surprise me, John Watson. I like being surprised.”
Pain shot through his bones. Icy water bit his skin like razor teeth. His lungs felt like they had collapsed. John opened his eyes to darkness. He kicked his legs, but the water resisted him, pulled him down, down. He reached up. Kicking, flailing, fighting, he pulled for the surface of the water, against the pain, against the current, against a body trying to find rest in unconsciousness. And then he broke through.
“No, no, I’m fine. Really. It was just a dizzy spell or something. It’s passed.” He smiled to reaffirm his state of wellbeing.
He nodded, unable to express the intensity of his distress and depression. He knew it was over between them. Blinking rapidly to forestall tears he hoped Sherlock couldn’t see forming, he wondered how long he would have before Sherlock asked him to move out. Hopefully not that very evening. Maybe he would have until the weekend, just to get things in order, maybe call Harry, ask for some help . . .
any further? Or just bite his tongue and get it over with? In the end, he decided that normalcy couldn’t return until he got this over with. So once again, he perched himself on the stool. He was more fully dressed than before, though. He wore trousers and shoes, for instance. But he shucked his coat, tossed it aside, pulled his cable-knit jumper over his head, untucked and unbuttoned his shirt, and once again found himself in nothing but the sleeveless white undershirt. Sherlock watched all this with excessive patience.
He had debated inviting Lestrade out at all. But, he reasoned, one way or the other, Lestrade and what little he knew about John and Sherlock’s short-lived fling would prove critical to what happened next. That was, if John wanted to set things right in the other John’s life, before turning it back over to him, Lestrade was key.
“Oh, right.” At last, despite himself, Sherlock smiled. “See? I told you. You’re of equal mindpower, the pair of you.”
She flashed him a glance, but returned her answer to Sherlock. “We’ve yet to discover hard evidence of other worlds having any influence whatsoever on our own. But that doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen. In my own work, I have written extensively on transplanar displacement, a theory gaining more and more traction among my colleagues. If I may flatter myself, I dare say, its implications are exciting.”
Lestrade glanced over his shoulder, catching John’s eye. “Here to teach him a thing or two, eh, John? Improve his form?”
Silence followed. Slowly, John turned his head to see Sherlock’s carefully neutral face angled toward the other window.
“Oh.” He picked at a bit of fuzz on his sleeve, a sign of discomfort, a reason to look away. “And before that . . . You were in Afghanistan.”
He’d touched a nerve. And in doing so, in seeing the pained look on Sherlock’s face—as if a mask had fallen away—brightened his understanding. It all became very clear to John, and it made him want to weep.
“You’re not dying,” Sherlock spat, then turned his back on him to face John squarely. “What do you think, John? Makeshift tourniquet? Or just apply pressure directly to the gunshot wound? I don’t suppose it’s wise to try to extract the bullet.”
On the other side of the door, two stomping feet made their way closer. He swallowed and readied himself.
Of all the stupid things he had ever done—in this life or any other—this one made the top of the list.
think Sherlock was being unfaithful. Which is ridiculous, but I think I understand the reason behind his worry. I’m telling you, though, there was really no way around it.”
.” He indicated John’s crotch, unabashedly, and smirked when John’s already red face became a darker tomato. “Are you opposed to joining me in the bedroom and figuring it out together?”
one at that. See the angle here? The pressure points in the dips? Aren’t you people experts? John is
“I’m sure they will, or make every effort. They’re legally obligated, and failure to comply means I can challenge
“Now now, the doctors will want to have a look at you. Make sure everything is all right. You had quite the fall.”
He blinked. Dr. Stapleton came even closer, and transferred her hushing finger to his own frowning lips.
It was a thing John had never seen before, not from Sherlock. Astonished, holding Sherlock’s head with both hands, John pushed him back, gently, not to escape Sherlock’s arms but just far enough to see his face. Sherlock’s beautiful blue eyes were shining with tears, and his lips quivered as he tried to speak but struggled to voice the words. At last:
John looked over his shoulder and saw that Trevor was nearly right on top of him. Bracing for what he knew was going to hurt, he spun around, grabbed the front of Trevor’s shirt, and in his inexorable fall to the ground, John used the momentum to drag Trevor down with him, launch the Alpha over his head, and roll back onto his feet. The crowd went nuts, shrieking hysterically, and took up the chant again.
John was struggling to wrap his mind around it all. The other John—he had said it (written it) so matter-of-factly, like it was nothing.
“It was a twenty-year-old case! I didn’t see the point! What Mr. Knight really needed was therapy, and I am not a therapist. Are you going to tell me that he was murdered, too?”
John was just about to turn the gun on her when her attention was suddenly diverted. The fire in the bin roared yellow, and the smoke billowed black and puffy to the ceiling.
He must have been hauling ass, if he thought he could make it from Baker Street to the middle of Regent’s, or rather, Marylebone Park, in three minutes. Even if he could, John doubted he
“Yeah. Should be here any minute. Guess I beat him here. I … do that, sometimes. Beat him. Places.” God, what was he even saying? “I mean, I win. Ha ha.” Again, he cleared his throat so loudly he coughed. “Erm. Shall we?”
Eventually, Sherlock caught the unbonded Alpha bastards. Of course he did. It was his job. But he was driven by more than vocation. As an Alpha with a bond-mate, he had suffered the personal revulsion and vindictive spirit inspired by the very thought of a severing, and that forced him to endure long stretches on little sleep and to take irregular meals while he hunted the Alpha pack down. During those long weeks, he made John promise to stay in the flat, even during the day, for his own peace of mind as well as John’s assured safety. He couldn’t bear the thought that something so vile and vicious might happen to his bond-mate. So it was with vengeful pleasure that he had chosen to witness the Alpha pack’s public castrations in person, rather than just on telly.
A whistle blew. “Sin-box, Watson!” Mr. Gillespie’s head had become a giant purple gumdrop, but it could still shout and blow.
He squeaked a little in his throat. “Hold it together, Watson,” he murmured under his breath. “You’ll figure something out.”
John sighs. “You know. To care for him. To make him comfortable. To warm him up to the idea of a three-day heat. I’m talking about the mind and heart, not just the body. That’s clearly taken care of. But it’s
“Oh no, hell no, I didn’t like that man getting anywhere near the elephants. He didn’t respect them. Teased them. Taunted them. The man was good only for shoveling away their shit, but he wasn’t an elephant lover, Mr. Holmes. He was always going on about those damn cats, didn’t give two shits about my elephants.”
After the row, John fled. He barely remembered doing so. One moment, he was in the flat, on his feet and crying and shouting that Sherlock was mad, off-his-rocker mad, and the next, he was on the street, walking at a jogger’s pace, the only thought in his mind to get away and save himself from an Alpha’s temper. That was instinct. Self-preservation. Sherlock had never gone off on him before, let alone made such awful and unfounded accusations, but he remembered his lessons from school: a happy Alpha is a harmless Alpha—keep your Alpha happy, keep yourself safe.
“Omegas don’t get wasted. Omegas end up dead. I swear to you, John, if you ever do something so stupid again, I won’t think twice. I
Sherlock spread his arms a little helplessly, looking conflicted. After much deliberation, he finally said, “I would be pleased if you would stay.”
“Whoa, seriously?” For a moment, Lestrade looked utterly taken aback. Then he smirked, blushing a little himself now. “I mean … John.” And he winked.
Sherlock undressed quickly. He pulled back the sheet. John was ready for him, on his back, with knees splayed, eyes blown wide with need. Sherlock was ready for John, penis erect and straining, fingertips tingling with want, heart thrumming with desire. Before the bridge, their mating had always seen John on his side or on his knees, with Sherlock taking him from behind. Since the bridge, they always met like this, face to face. Sherlock crawled onto the bed, between John’s knees and hovering over his body as John reached for him. And as he drew Sherlock’s face to his for a kiss, Sherlock slid inside of him in one, long push. John gasped; Sherlock trembled. And after three, passionate thrusts, John’s pain dissolved. He swam in pleasure.
“You attacked a friend of mine,” he continued. “You nearly killed her. You don’t get to do that anymore. No Alpha has the right to any Omega. Surrender now, and we’ll spare your lives. And your balls.”
“So Dad was a shit. So what? Lots of dads are bastards. And, well, it’s not even important, you know? Like, it happened ages and ages ago. I don’t even think about it any— There’s nothing to think about! It wasn’t even that bad. I mean, it wasn’t anything. Not really. I mean, it didn’t
“Finger off the trigger, for now,” he said. Then he maneuvered John to face the silhouette of a man with circles targeting his chest. “The target is at a distance of twenty meters. So you’re going to want to take the proper stance.
Another thirty-two seconds, and the first of the Alphas emerged, seemingly unharmed, though his shirt was untucked and jacket was falling off one shoulder. All the same, he appeared perplexed. He looked up and down the street, making sure the way was clear before retreating once more. When he reappeared, he had the arm of one of his compadres slung around his shoulders; the second Alpha’s nose was a mess of blood, and he was hopping on one foot. Behind him, the third Alpha was cradling an arm close to his stomach and bracing his jaw with his other hand. The three of them slunk out of the frame, in the opposite direction to where John had gone.
But as much as he was wary of being asked about his past, and having live hands touching the same areas that had once known such pain, as much as he was afraid of someone discovering that his flaws were more than skin-deep, he yearned for the feel of someone’s hands. Hands that weren’t cruel or repulsed but eagerly accepting of him, every part. He wanted to be touched, for the physical comfort as well as the sensual delight. He just hadn’t expected to experience both under the hands of his best mate.
“Mustn’t dawdle, John,” said Dr. Stapleton, tugging on his hand. The man put an arm around his shoulders, pulling him forward.
And so John read about the case, equal parts fascinated by the story and stunned that there was an entire site—with
In a neighboring universe, something was happening that neither Sherlock nor John expected. What’s more, it was all over the news.
The young man swiveled back and forth, restless and excited, but he was at least trying to come across as professional. “What can I do for you gentlemen?” he asked.
When she returned, she was holding two glasses of scotch, the bottle weighting the left pocket of her dressing gown and slapping her thigh with each step. Balancing precariously (rather like her tower) on one leg, she kicked a pile of magazines to the floor, motioned for him to sit, and placed one of the glasses in his hands. She was serving him
“I understand why you hate this world. There is ugliness in it, for Omegas more than anyone. At the hands of Alphas, John has suffered leers and threats and disquiet. As an unbonded Omega in heat, he was left at the mercy of Alphas who were sometimes. . . rough. Abrasive. He’s suffered estrus poisoning because of one callous Alpha. Another threatened to bond without his consent. There may have been other instances he never told me about.”
Was John deliberately speaking in code? Was this double entendre? Was this flirting? Or was John Watson literally the most obtuse man in the universe? Heart thumping madly, Sherlock put his big toe in the pool to test the waters.
is why he is sorry. He was put in an impossible situation. Sleep with Sherlock, or wind up in hospital.”
“She injected her scent,” said Sherlock, cottoning on. His revulsion was escalating dangerously. “But she didn’t bite you?”
But on his way back to the sitting room, he noticed, there on the kitchen table, a folded piece of paper with his name scribbled across it in John’s unmistakable handwriting:
His mouth fell open, but nothing came out for several seconds. Meanwhile, Sherlock and Lestrade just stared at him. Finally, his lips moved. “You want me to come?”
“Because . . .” He searched for the words. “Look, no offense, but I’ve never kissed a bloke before. And if I ever do . . .”
But before the door swung open and admitted his captor, John’s eyes fell on the mini refrigerator, and he remembered one more thing that needed to be destroyed.
The first drops splashed against his neck, and John tugged his raised collar closer to his neck. The last taxi he had seen was occupied, and everyone else seemed to have fled indoors at the first sign of a storm. He was the only person on the footpath crossing the bridge. He picked up his pace, eager to get ahead of the storm and into the cozy indoors. He began counting his hurried steps: one, two, three, four . . .
Sherlock lifted his head, and without releasing his bond-mate said, “John, your hand. It’s bleeding.”
Sherlock returned hungrily to his neck. In between kisses and latherings, he said, “No”—lick—“why should it”—suck—“bother”—kiss—“me?”
When he straightened, John realized he hadn’t taken a breath since Sherlock first rose to his feet. His chest ached, and he reminded himself to exhale.
“What if I told you,” he began slowly, “that I … saw something. Something that couldn’t be explained but by, you know. ‘Other worlds’ theory.”
Lestrade was shaking his head. “Nonsense, John, this is serious business.” He clapped a hand on John’s shoulder and offered a condescending sort of smile.
They laughed. A mouth fell on his neck and began lathing him there, across his bondmark, teeth scraping but not piercing. An arm circled round his middle and a hand tugged at the button of his trousers.
“Well. Within reason. I mean, elephants, they’re smart animals, like I said. They know when you don’t respect them. Didn’t like Teddy, no sir, because they knew he was an arse. I kept submitting his name for reassignment, transfer him somewhere else and we would all be happier, the elephants included, but nothing ever happened.”
“Deep tissue laceration.” He started to back up, toward the kitchen. “Not good. I’m going to need to clean and stitch it. And I’ll need antibiotics, just to be safe. Fetch me the first aid kit, would you?”
John felt that new and exciting thrill chase up his spine, and so despite his incredulity, and probably his better judgment, he asked, “How?”
“All right, you’re done,” he said. He tugged on John’s arm, meaning to steer him away from the mirror and perhaps toward the couch. But the blood had left both legs, and they were numb from thigh to toe. John’s knees collapsed under him, and he fell forward and into Sherlock, who gave an
Sherlock didn’t wait another breath, not to see what happened next, and not to ask John’s permission. He sprinted for John, grabbed his arm, swung him around as deftly as a child until John found himself riding his back, and with the speed of a raging bull, he bolted for the door, leaving Dr. Stapleton and Byron behind.
“Just this,” said Sherlock. “One week from today, Marble Arch, twelve o’clock noon. I am issuing an official challenge on behalf of John Watson and Molly Hooper. You tell them, I’ll be waiting. Now fuck off.”
Sherlock turned, and for the first time since yesterday, they truly faced each other, expressions open, ready to communicate. It was as wide a window as either of them could expect.
what I’m saying.” He took a deep breath. Why was this so hard to communicate? “Look, Sherlock, the . . . the sex was good. Fantastic.
John placed a finger beneath Sherlock’s chin and tilted his head back, and there, he kissed him again. Sherlock keened. His hands roved up John’s back in the shape of claws, but without the nails, raking pleasantly in all directions. John’s legs spread wide and his pelvis slid closer to Sherlock’s waist, where he felt, beneath the pajama bottoms, a firm swelling, getting firmer.
tell he was lying by scent, this skip, reeking of rotten vegetables and baby nappies, would obscure the fact. That somehow made the lie easier. “He wasn’t happy when I said we needed to figure out another solution. He understands, of course, but, you know. He just wants to come home really badly. For you.”
“I wasn’t thinking,” he said. “I just saw her lunge, and you were in danger, and I tackled an old Beta woman to the ground so hard her bones broke!”
And when they were swallowed up in it, when the cameras could no longer follow them, the cheers erupted. Banners shook and horns blew, and once again the people took up the chant:
. This Omega is our best chance of a good start. Alpha packs aren’t terribly clever; they usually stick to their habits. So we need to find out what time they ambushed her, how they forced their way into the flat, who acted as ring-leader—”
He pulled his eyes away from the disaster of her living room and tried to refocus them on her, but they were still blurry from tears. He had a funny ringing in his ears, too. The whole world sounded as though it were playing in a different key today.
at a time, okay? And nothing in this”—he indicated his groin area with an overly large circle—“region.”
. Just Holmes. The bloom of euphoria at the prospect of seeing Sherlock again began to wilt, and the weeds of doubt began to choke. He frowned, stepped inside, and closed the door behind him. There, he steeled himself.
“Quick death of the pack leader. That’s what I’m going for.” He took a big bite of the burrito, pulled a face, and spit it back onto his plate. “Fucking frozen.”
A well of protest rose in his throat. “What are you saying? I’m not the one who did that to you. That was
“The second outcome is defeat. If one of the Alphas of either pack is physically too debilitated to continue fighting, a defeat is declared. The fight continues until each pack member has been defeated or surrenders, but most dog fights end with defeats.”
For his part, Sherlock shook his head. So things weren’t quite back to normal after all. He started unbuttoning his own shirt, to create a pile of bloodied clothes to take for cleaning. That’s when he grabbed John’s coat off the back of the door—lest it leave a bloodstain on Mrs. Hudson’s wood—to put into a plastic bag when he felt something stiff, and heard something crinkle. Reaching into an inside pocket of John’s coat, he pulled out two pamphlets.
to mean, that someone had removed it, had to get rid of it, because the color was too loud, too noticeable. Pink was a mistake, but not Jennifer Wilson’s: it was the mistake of a killer, and Sherlock had missed it! How could he have
What the hell was wrong with him? John had clearly been uncomfortable. It had seemed so practical, though, at the first. Irene Adler’s faked death only highlighted his need to know John’s body in more objective terms. Hell, at the time, he had even been thinking of requiring the same of Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson! How quickly things had turned. Now he had forced himself into a corner where he had no choice but to reevaluate his relationship with and feelings toward John Watson, and he had arrived at some alarming conclusions.
It had been a week since he and Sherlock had been, erm, actively engaged with one another, but it wasn’t like they had announced the fact. It wasn’t that they were embarrassed or anything. But for both of them, it was still very new, quite private, and, well, it wasn’t like they’d left the house much in seven days. And if Mrs. Hudson suspected a shift in their relationship toward the intimate, she wasn’t mentioning it. Though that morning, on their way out, John thought he caught her in the middle of a self-satisfied kind of smirk. But then, Sherlock had just pinched his bum at the bottom of the stairs.
.” He jabbed a finger at the door, which left Sherlock uncertain as to whether he meant the giant, pink ostrich painted on the door of the women’s loo, or the dead body beyond.
John closed his eyes; it looked like he was also biting his tongue. “Sure,” he said at last, and sipped again. Sherlock could have sworn he was straining not to wince, like he was swallowing something bitter, not sweet.
“I’m here,” he said, dazed, taking in his surroundings and surprised to see that he was in Hyde Park. For a moment, he barely remembered arriving. Then it all came back. Sherlock. The case. The body.
“You bet your arse, I will. I just wish . . . That is to say, Betas aren’t . . .” He paused, and Sherlock knew what he had been about to say.
Any other day of the year, John would have found such a case fascinating, exhilarating, one for the blog. A doppelganger encountered on a train? A body under the floor in the pantry? A down-on-her-luck Omega-X trying to force a bond with an Alpha-Y so she could be sure to inherit his money? That was something of a reversal in this neck of the wackoverse, he was pretty sure. On the cab ride back, he couldn’t help (out of old habit) but workshop blog titles in his head: The Omega Swap, or Of Onions and Lemons.
“John,” she said again, this time setting two hands on the table across from him and leaning over. “<<
been the fabrication of a sleep-deprived, literature-inspired, underdeveloped brain, but plain and simple truth:
At last, John allowed himself to smile in return. He hadn’t known that Sherlock went to see her. “Sherlock is an honorable man. He keeps his promises. And mine, apparently.”
John didn’t know what was about to happen. Above his head, he heard the creaking of floorboards. Sherlock was pacing. A part of him was desperate to run up those stairs, shout Sherlock’s name, and leap into his arms. Another part feared what would happen if he did. He was returning a different person, an Omega that was no longer just an Omega, and he was still figuring out what that meant.
“People are already forgetting what led to the dog fight in the first place.” John took a deep breath, preparing to tell a story he had not been a direct witness to, and yet was now an indelible part of his own history. “I was attacked. I was bitten and scented, and if I hadn’t fought my way free, I would have been forcibly knotted, too. It was that moment, Ms. Hill, that finally opened my eyes to the truth that Omegas are not safe in this country. It made me angry. And if it weren’t for that anger, I never would have entered the dog pen to begin with.”
John took a deep breath. What he had to say next, he debated. And when he put pen to paper again, he wrote slowly.
“We’re taking a cab to Hammersmith,” he told John, shortly after Mr. Jacobs had left. He knew the whole conversation had perplexed John—they usually did, and Sherlock admitted he took some pleasure in seeing his brow furrow the way it did, his eyes darting inquisitively, sometimes skeptically, between client and detective. But in true John form, he didn’t interrupt and trusted that Sherlock knew what he was doing.
The young Alpha’s name was Byron. John had already gathered that he had not too long ago been Dr. Stapleton’s student and had been graduated to lab assistant.
“If you could issue the challenge in her name, and not even be bonded, and if John could decide that being Omega didn’t matter and join the dog fight anyway, then what the hell was I doing? It should have been three against three.”
” John leveled the gun at him, and there was something in his eyes, the steady confidence in his hands, that made them realize he knew exactly what he was doing, and he meant exactly what he threatened. Byron dug into his front pocket, extracted the lighter, and tossed it through the air. John caught it, and without taking his eyes off his targets, tossed it again over his shoulder. He heard Sherlock catch it.
With thirty seconds on the clock, John climbed over to teeter on the precipice of the bridge. He looked left, then right, but no one was near to see him standing there. He stood utterly alone. In this universe, at least. Somewhere else, the other John was lining himself up with him, in this very spot. And that meant, Sherlock was right there with him, too. John looked at the empty spot beside him, imagining he could see Sherlock there, calling him home.
What had struck John the most, however, from watching the dog fight, hadn’t been the fact that he had been part of it (though, naturally, that was a stunning sight to behold), or that he had done well (at one point, he’d literally punched the sky after a rather deft move by his counterpart), but it was that Sherlock and he had looked so . . . well suited. They fought together harmoniously, like it was more of a dance than a brawl, and when they had left the dog-pen, having vanquished their foe, they had walked away hand in hand.
“Anyway, it was incredible, Sherlock. Most of us were too stunned to process it properly, not in the moment, but it’s been playing on the news around the clock ever since it ended. The way John walked out there on his own, the way you two took down that first Alpha in two seconds flat, everything right up until Roger’s demise. People are analyzing every second of it, every angle, every word the mics could pick up. I mean—” He floundered in search of words to express his awe. “Holy hell, how did you do that?”
With a grand, sweeping hand and a grin like a cat, Lestrade held the door and bid John follow after his erstwhile lover.
“—an incident,” Lestrade finished. Then, sighing, “And yes, it may well have been homicide. They just pulled a body from the Thames. I’m sorry, Molly, I have to run. Maybe Sherlock and John can escort you home?”
No, John would wail on him if he did it like that. So he cast aside the dramatic fantasy of ripping away a towel or steamy bathroom mirrors and came up with—
The unsmiling detective inspector, a Beta-Y named Dimmock, sat across from him and glowered. “You don’t get to make demands. And we’re the ones asking the questions. We take Omega abuse
psychic, but I didn’t want you to know it, I would just make something up! I would lie! You would discover it was untrue, conclude I didn’t have
For the next hour and a half, John and Chris worked on the puzzle. John described every action of his body, every thought in his head, right up until the incident. Chris Google searched every key word he could think of, from
She seemed to be bracing, fighting to control her breathing, but she nodded again and began to speak.
And with that, he slipped his head below the sheets. John started giggling, and didn’t stop until Sherlock’s next actions took his breath away.
“Sherlock, when it happened . . . The swap, I mean. When I was pulled into another universe and I realized I wasn’t Omega anymore . . .”
“That”—John pointed a finger at an imaginary idea suspended in the air—“was most certainly not my idea.”
Weighting down his right coat pocket, the gun bounced against his hip as he ran at breakneck speed, John huffing behind him. The art thief was making his escape on a bicycle. But with the large-framed first panel of a Francis Bacon triptych tucked under his arm, his was a wobbly escape at best. Still, he was faster on the bike than Sherlock on foot. Desperate, hating to lose, especially to a thief on a
“I’ll fill you in on the way,” said Sherlock. “But she’s a nobody, really. Just one of the unlucky unbonded. Name of Molly Hooper.”
“It’s fine, it’s fine. It’s just two days, and there will be a doctor on call, just in case something . . . And not just the doctor, but—” Her cheeks went a rosy color, and she looked away, embarrassed, but fighting a smile. “Well. The detective inspector. He keeps his promises, too.”
A short stack of bills had been accumulating on the table over the last week, maybe week and a half, and John had barely touched them. He hadn’t even opened them. Maybe he couldn’t face them this time around?
“John.” He stroked the back of John’s head. John, looking down at him with such uncertain, fearful eyes, parted his lips like he would speak. But he didn’t. Softly, Sherlock kissed him again. “I’ve embarrassed you.”
John sighed. That was the last thing he needed to hear. Sherlock shut down any attempts John made to talk about it, and when he managed to push it far enough, Sherlock ended up ranting and leaving in a huff.
Besides, there were new perks to the job. Sherlock, bent over, arse in the air . . . It was a lovely sight.
Upstairs, the fairy lights still twinkled and the lamps were dimmed, but neither Sherlock nor John was thinking of sleep.
But by the time she had finished her latest rant, Mr. Jacobs had complied, and the house was mercifully silent.
“I would have been an Alpha, though, wouldn’t I? And the other Sherlock? He would have gotten the humbling of his life.”
At his answer, Sherlock sighed hot breath against his neck, then lathed him slowly with a hot tongue. John waited, air trapped in his lungs, one heartbeat, two heartbeats, three . . . and Sherlock pressed his teeth into John’s skin, and with slow, pulsing precision, sank into him. He expected pain—he received pleasure. He thrust backward, and as they continued to move together, as the knot swelled inside of him, Sherlock’s teeth held firm, sinking deeper and deeper, the scent growing more powerful, and he felt like he was floating, dissolving in a sea of happiness and warmth. It was the closest he had ever come to believing in magic.
“He bonded with me. He did,” she said, crying into his shirt, and looking down, John could see the bond mark against her neck, surrounded by black bruises. The mark looked nothing like his own, which was a thin white ring of noticeable but fairly tame teeth marks. Molly’s was red and mean-looking, like the Alpha had chomped and torn and crushed. The skin had already sealed itself (apparently a property of an Alpha’s saliva), but it looked painful still. And John reflected on his own mark with a little bit of . . . gratitude.
John jumped. He looked over his shoulder and saw Sherlock poking his head past the curtain into the steamy shower.
. What was he thinking, that they were fated to . . . to meet, and be . . . become . . . whatever they were?
She nodded emphatically. “Theoreticians like myself believe displacement is happening all of the time! Perhaps not with humans, but think about this: Elements—such as hydrogen, nitrogen, even compounds like water molecules—come into synchronicity regularly and, with the help of little electric charges, are
to have been pink, and it was never found! It was an incredibly significant detail! (Was it significant? Yes, yes, it had to have been. It was!) It meant, it
It was the body of a white male, middle aged, and with a belly like a pregnant woman. There was no obvious sign of death, although the mortuary attendant (Molly, was it? Polly?) had pinpointed cardiac arrest as the cause of death. This would not have been suspicious at all, had the corpse not been found when a couple who had returned from their holiday only to discover a stranger, half-naked, half-buried in the back garden, his head and shoulders poking up with the petunias. He was still listed as John Doe, the only identifying markers being the tats covering both arms, shoulder to wrist.
Slowly, John started forward, stiff fingers fumbling at the buttons of his shirt. Technically, they had left off in premature examination of his torso, so he presumed that’s exactly where they would begin. Even so, he toed off his shoes, and pulled off his socks, keenly aware that his every movement was being tracked by the still figure of his most-scrutinous flatmate. When all was prepared he sat.
She thanked him, and he helped her slump down a little further into the bed and covered her with the blanket, the better to sleep.
He watched as her confusion turned to understanding, then shock, then outrage. “No!” she cried, just as Sherlock set the crumpled paper alight and dropped it in the bin.
“Uh!” John gasped, and he flinched against Sherlock, withdrawing a little, though his hand tightened around Sherlock’s bicep.
Heart in his throat, Sherlock watched John fall. It was the longest 1.43 seconds of his life. Like a falling star, light streaking against a black backdrop, John sped away from him, shrinking rapidly, until a crash of broken water announced
He tugged on the string of Sherlock’s bottoms to loosen them, and while one hand undid the bow, the other busied itself with seeing just how much Sherlock wanted to be touched.
“Hm?” John was thumbing through the paper and scanning headlines for an article of interest. In his other hand, he balanced a bit of egg on the corner of his toast.
“And you are commended for it. Or, you may be trying to distract me from the truth. While I am a natural skeptic, John, it is also my job to be open to all avenues of possibility. This one, I admit, is slim to nil. Nevertheless, given your rather startling, shall we say,
Sherlock nodded sharply, returning to his brusque self. “That’s settled then.” He turned on his heel and retreated to the bedroom.
“Dr. Stamford, regarding the scent inhibitor: what side effects, if any, have you observed in trials?”
“No, this is . . . something else. But Lestrade. People can’t know about it, all right? The media especially. It will undermine everything he accomplished. He’ll be all right. I’ll be taking him home soon. Just keep it under your hat, okay?”
“One day, this woman wakes up in her own bed but in strange linens she’s never seen before. She goes to work and someone else is in her cubicle. But it’s not that she doesn’t work for that company anymore—she’s just listed in a different department, working under a supervisor she doesn’t even know. Much of her life is still the same—family, friends, house, car—but there are enough little things, important things, that are different, and they’re never put right again. She wrote a blog about it. It’s in Spanish, but I can give you the link. She’s not the only one. These things pop up all over the place, easier to document and share now that we have the Internet. But it’s been happening for years, decades, centuries even. You know about Tokyo 1954?”
“All right, all joking aside, John. What the hell is going on with you? Are you in love with Sherlock or what?”
John clamped up, wondering if Sherlock had spotted the lie. But after so long of repeating that story to friends and girlfriends, he pretty much believed it himself by now. It was a lot easier to say than
He’d gotten off at a shopping center. Though dark, the weather was warm and the streets were alight, and it was a lovely night to be out, objectively speaking. But John was too upset to feel the positive energy of Londoners enjoying the evening. As he pushed his lonely way through the crowd, he could identify everyone—Omega Xs and Alpha Ys and Betas galore—and he wished it would just stop, wished everyone would just go away and stop stinking up the air, he just couldn’t take it. He turned the corner, down a less busy road, and was grateful that the press of bodies had let up. There, he could breathe, just a little easier. He slowed his step, ran a hand across his sweaty face, and tried to think straight.
After hanging up the phone, Sherlock—who hadn’t even changed out of yesterday’s clothes—went straight for his coat. But he had only one arm in a sleeve before he froze.
He wondered what that moment had been like for the other John. In his journals, he had written of his bonding with near reverence and absolute affection, and it had annoyed John at first, this gobsmacked devotion. But now, looking at the horrible mark on Molly’s skin, and comparing his experience when he had allowed Sherlock to wash away the scent of the intruder-Alphas and replace it with his own, feeling calm and content and
Sherlock seemed satisfied and didn’t respond, but John, after a couple of minutes, couldn’t help but send off one more:
Lestrade’s grin almost broke his face. “So. You two are”—another eyebrow waggle—“back at it, are you?”
After he lost John in the mirror, he couldn’t get him back. Well, no, John had to be honest with himself, in this at least: he didn’t even try. Instead, head spinning and heart racing—unaccountably startled stupid by the confession—he had sunk down onto the couch, where he remained, head in hands, until suddenly, somehow, he ended up on the floor, head hanging between his knees. He felt … deflated. Defeated. Then came the nausea.
. . . left, right, left, right, a military pace. Not far off, a flash of light, and a second later a tremendous clap of thunder that made his skin jump. The skies opened . . .
As per his usual routine, he set about preparing things for the evening, so that when Sherlock returned from his case, everything would be ready to go. He cleaned the bathroom; set three sets of folded sheets under the bed and a stack of folded towels by the door dividing bathroom and bedroom; made three large carbohydrate-heavy meals (carbonara, shepherd’s pie, and beef-and-potato stew) and placed them in the freezer; and was just organizing the tea tray for the first twenty-four hours when he froze.
Third, no Y-Y copulation resulted in pregnancies, but Y-X, and even X-X, but not just any Y-X or X-X combination. For instance, Omegas couldn’t produce offspring together, nor could Alphas, but Betas could, which accounted for the majority of the population. And an Alpha-Y and Beta-X could only produce sterile (S) children (called, pejoratively, mules). Omega-X had a 99 percent chance of impregnation by an Alpha-Y
“We’re actually discussing a range of different drugs. So no, actually. The drug you are talking about, the scent inhibitor, is designed for unbonded Omegas who do not want to be identified as such on the streets, thereby offering that Omega a certain level of protection against Alpha packs. It does nothing to alter their heats however. That requires a different drug. And the former has not been proven safe for bonded Omegas, because of the nature of their chemistry, which includes the Alpha scent. We’re still developing a drug for bonded Omegas that can also hide scent from any Alpha other than the bond-mate. But further research is required in that area.”
“You didn’t know, either,” said Sherlock. “I saw it, the way you turned to Harry, the way you turned away from Mike. You didn’t know that you’re . . . not you.”
Shoving his hands deep inside his pockets, he started walking. He’d walked so much that day that his right leg began to ache. He didn’t think much of it, at first—it was hardly anything new—but it was about the time he thought that maybe he’d board a bus and just ride it around the city until they kicked him off that he was struck by a new thought.
“Hands in the air!” he cried. “And face the other way.” When they hesitated, he added, “I’ll give you to the count of one before I start popping off rounds and shattering kneecaps!”
“I have no idea how I got here! And I have no idea where your John is! For all I know, he’s still in
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Inhale as you aim. Exhale and squeeze the trigger. Both eyes open now. Let’s see what you’re made of.”
. They crossed a constellation of benign moles. They stroked the skin from side to center, measuring John’s waist and upper dimensions. They skimmed the wavy ridges of his spine like the wooden bars of a marimba, and John nearly sang the rising scale.
“As a man who chose decency in the end. You did wrong. And there is a consequence to that. Accept it.”
Further putting John off his guard was what Sherlock was wearing. Which was to say, he wasn’t wearing much. He donned his dressing gown, but as far as John could tell, not much else. His eyes were drawn to the v of skin showing beneath the gown, and to his bare legs and feet; when he moved, though, he caught a flash of boxer shorts and relaxed a little. Still, this sudden appearance was entirely unexpected and left John with a mouth hanging open before he found any words at all, which, when they came out, found form in nonsensical profanity.
Harry Watson looked like she had just woken up from a nap. Hung over? It was two in the afternoon. At least she wasn’t drunk. Yet.
, but that made no sense at all. He’d done nothing. Nothing wrong, nothing different. The problem couldn’t possibly be
Tentatively, John reached for her, setting his warm hand atop hers. “Do you want to talk about what happened?”
“The doctors, the nurses,” John huffed. He lifted a leg, and Sherlock shifted so John could sit on the hospital mattress more easily, and their fingers slid together. “You know how it is. The family-only policy is strictly enforced while patients are in the ICU. But it’s not like
“We can dispense with the formalities, Mr. Jacobs,” said Sherlock, and he walked straight up to the little old woman with the dyed yellow hair so that they were nearly toe to toe; the top of her head came to about mid-chest. From there, before speaking a single word, he scrutinized her thin eyebrows and curly head, and his eyes narrowed in on a single untouched strand of silver. Not white. “Tell me,
“Maybe you’ll learn to mind,” she said. “I’m a reasonable human being, and a desirable bond-mate. Don’t I take care of you? Don’t I see that your needs are well met? I have status, wealth, respectability, and soon, notoriety. You couldn’t possibly be better matched.”
He just wasn’t counting on Dr. Stapleton entering the fray with a syringe full of tranquilizer. She plunged it into his neck, and he was unconscious before hitting the ground.
“Body first, then witnesses,” said Lestrade, pointing to the ground, rather unnecessarily, to indicate the corpse. “Theodore Planter, works here at the zoo in the elephant yard. Nothing particularly skilled, he cleaned the cages and sometimes hosed down the animals. Usually clocks in at eight o’clock in the morning, but this is how he was found just before sunup. Probably here all night. Records show he clocked out yesterday at five. 999 got the call this morning, and first officers on the scene called me in on suspicion of foul play, the most obvious point being—”
, makeup sex. Some couples he knew of had makeup sex at the slightest of spats. John didn’t think he could deal with that right now. He could easily march straight back out, be a stubborn arse, and kip on the sofa for the foreseeable future. But he didn’t want another row. He would tough it out, but he wouldn’t be happy about it.
“So you’re going to tell me the truth, right now, or we take more extreme measures. And don’t think you can lie to me. I know what you’re like when you’re lying. You’re rubbish at it. Is Mycroft wrong, or is he right?”
No, there were no sirens in pursuit, no cops charging after him, or fingers pointing at him down the street, marking his dodgy steps and shifting eyes. Yes, it had been a measly 15 pounds (and he promised himself he’d pay it back, just as soon as he was able), but it wasn’t just the drive-and-dash. It was the dreadful realization that he had no safe haven. The two people he had always relied on for security, whom he had trusted heart and soul, had within an hour of each other rejected him, cast him out, closed the door. His Omega resources had inexplicably disappeared. When he had reached St. Margaret’s by foot (having taken the long way around), he had been stunned to find no marked entrance for Omegas, and the woman behind reception had seemed so puzzled, so concerned, and the moment she had offered to refer him to the psychiatric ward, he did what he had done in the taxi—fled, as though from an explosion.
body, had— had— (every time he thought the words, he felt dizzy, but he ploughed forward) had had sex with Sherlock,
They laughed together, and John let the letter fall onto the coffee table so he could take Sherlock’s face in his hands and snog him properly. It was all the signal Sherlock needed to grab John’s lower back, lift and shift his hips, and press his back down onto the sofa where Sherlock stretched himself out on top of him.
John pointed at the portraits lining the walls. Well, not exactly portraits. More like blown-up pages of illuminated manuscripts, as painstakingly inked and decorated as any page of ancient scripture. They contained every word John had ever penned on his blog, transformed into calligraphy, highlighted with colorful inks and images. As they walked, Sherlock’s eyes grazed the words:
Sherlock frowned and clipped off the light, but he didn’t sleep. Any other Omega would have been desperate for his Alpha’s reassurances of protection, but Sherlock had been rebuffed. Was this shame? Had something more happened that John wasn’t telling him? Why wasn’t he letting Sherlock near?
”—he glared at Mycroft now—“you and your fat nose and your little puppet of a PA can just sod off, go back to your ivory tower, and pull someone else’s strings for a while.”
She was shaking her head, though not in denial. With a hopeful gleam in her eye, she asked, “Like what?”
“Sherlock, Sherlock,” said John. He felt fire coursing through him, and pulled Sherlock down by the neck, hungry for his touch. Sherlock kissed him with urgency, open-mouthed and lithe-tongued, and John couldn’t stop himself from moaning from a place down deep. He spread his thighs wide, creating a cradle, and he felt the full weight of his Alpha sink against him, heavy, hot, and thick. His hands slid down Sherlock’s back, and his fingers pushed down into Sherlock’s trousers and beneath his underwear to grasp firmly the smooth, round skin, and pull him closer, closer. Sherlock’s hardness increased, and John’s own cock, though considerably smaller, throbbed excitedly as they rubbed together.
Damn, his head was in such a fog. What had he been doing? Last thing he remembered, he was getting ready to go out. Go out? Where? Oh! He’d spent the night alone! John was in hospital! The Alphas from the park! He had to get to John!
His heart was burning, his nose tingled. John had to push those feelings aside to finish talking. “It’s going to be him.”
“Molly, Molly,” he soothed, smoothing a hand down her hair. “We’re going to take care of you. I promise.”
“Obvious. Tigers don’t stab. And not enough blood, to be frank, so a post-mortem mock-up of claw marks. Sloppy. But I figured all
finding very little of use. One theoretician of quantum mechanics suggested that mirrors could serve as dimensional doorways linking one universe to its parallel, bridging the perceptional gap via vibrating strings of the quanta . . . but the article was so dense that neither man could make much sense of it. Then—
“I have to warn you,” he said, lowering his own voice to its deepest and consequently sultriest tone, “I know my body
“I think you should come out of there,” Omega John said, holding out his hand for Sherlock to take. “Come on. You don’t need him.”
, Dr. Watson,” said Chris, as he saw John to the door. “You’ll tell me if it works, won’t you? You’ll let me know if it happens again?”
“Because Sherlock would never invite . . .” John trailed off, embarrassed. “That is, what I mean is . . . Well, it’s so late, you know.”
Sherlock trembled. It hadn’t been like that. He had thought— The other John made him believe— How could he make John understand? How could he make it right?
Then Sherlock smelled something else, something about John’s scent, something . . . wrong. It was sharp in his nose, making him twitch, making his skin crawl and his blood boil and his Alpha nature take over any reasonable or tolerant course of action. He strode across the room, seized the duvet, and jerked it aside. John gasped and scrambled up the bed, nevertheless somehow managing to maintain himself in a defensive little ball that shielded his head with his arms. Sherlock fell on him, then, quite unable to stop himself. He swept John into his arms and crushed him tightly to his chest. His nose pressed firmly into the side of John’s neck where the scent glands were the most pronounced, and he smelled her there. He growled.
But he had to admit that familiarity had bred a certain level of complacency. In the beginning, things had been fresh and exciting, but not
“I did come on a business matter,” Mycroft said, setting his cup into his saucer and setting the saucer aside. “My, he makes a good tea. Has he always made such good tea?”
“What’s happening? Where are we going?” John said through a yawn that stretched his mouth wide. “I need to watch the mirror. I’ll miss him.” His objection fell on deaf ears.
. . . and the deep-down ache had reawakened. What he had mistaken for an upset stomach and blamed on food poisoning, he knew, more instinctively now, what it was his body really desired. But he resisted. He shifted, tried to unfold himself from Sherlock’s embrace without waking him, and flee to the bathroom. He may have succeeded, too, if not for a particularly painful cramp that arrested his body in the second before he was to make his escape. He curled inward, gasped, and in the next second, Sherlock’s hand had dipped down and fondled him tightly. A nip at his neck, and then Sherlock’s lips at his ear, saying, “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.” And the resistance melted, just as before.
“What?” Sherlock felt like he had walked in in the middle of a conversation. Or like he’d missed a step on the stair. He wasn’t quite following John’s train of thought.
Sherlock turned away to hide a smirk and said dismissively, “Just making it the way you like it. Black, with just three drops of vanilla on the bottom of the cup before pouring.”
John rose to his feet and revolved slowly, feeling his sense of alarm elevate like mercury in a thermometer. He counted slowly, his heart thudding in his chest. Two on the bridge, three down the path, one on the ridge, four under the trees, and two more standing by a tall blue pole labeled “Omega Urgent Rescue.”
John could feel her moving around him, could hear the sound of a machine humming and metal clinking against glass. The smell of sterility put him in mind of a laboratory or hospital, but he didn’t open his eyes to find out, lest he give himself away.
And then he noticed, too, that the scar on his left shoulder, testament of a war fought and the bullet that had almost ended it all, was gone, leaving behind only smooth, unmarred skin.
Sighing, he glanced at the clock. It had gone one in the morning. He stood and stretched his back. Then he turned and saw his reflection in the mirror. Seeing himself now, knowing that he
Sherlock took a long, swelling breath. Consciously or subconsciously, he tightened his arms around John, pulled him closer until they were effectively spooned together. “Some Alphas,” he said reluctantly, “can be cruel. The unbonded can be dangerous.”
He wasn’t sure what he was going for, necessarily. He wasn’t sure what he expected to happen next. But he wasn’t prepared for what did happen. Trevor roared. He rolled with the kick onto his stomach, jumped to all fours, and next he knew, John, tackled around the knees, was going down.
Crossing to a chair, Sherlock sat regally and crossed a leg over. “We’ve come to ask you what you know about alternate realities.”
about them. It was no one’s business, really. So the fact that Molly was sharing was a sign of highest comfort and trust in her new friends. John thought he understood the impulse—she’d never really had close friends before either, and having them now was . . . liberating.
“What do you mean, what is it? It’s a clinic for Omegas. Never mind. Just . . . just take me to Omega Emergency. That should be good enough.”
got on. You can’t take even the slightest ribbing. You’re just a goody-goody bastard with a stick so far up his arse, it’s a wonder I can’t see it poking out your nose. You think your life is
He spent the next hour hiding evidence of a murder, though not so cleverly. He spread the hay over the bloody crime scene and hid the murder weapon. Then, he found a box cutter and hastily cut up the corpse in the hopes that it would look like an animal attack—tigers, which Mr. Planter had admired far above elephants, a sin Mr. Geraets could not forgive. Yes, he would blame the tigers. Working through the night, he created a fake blood trail with fake footprints using Mr. Planters own shoes, which he replaced on Mr. Planter’s body, planted just outside the tiger cages. Then he returned to his elephants, pretending nothing had happened.
So it was softly that John pushed the shoulders of Sherlock’s dressing gown down his arms and dropped it on the floor, and slowly that Sherlock, one handed, pulled his shirt over his head. There, John saw the bruising from the dog fight: large circles of purple and brown, some still swollen, others fading. Frowning, John lightly brushed them with the backs of his fingers, but Sherlock stopped him, taking hold of his hand and bringing it to his lips to kiss, and John understood the gesture. The fight was for him, all for him, and he would do it again and never complain. Sherlock pulled the fingers into his mouth, sucking sweetly. Then he helped John out of his own shirt. With hips kissing, leisurely grinding, they explored one another’s collarbones and nipples and navels. Sherlock kissed the bond mark with an air of reverence, and as he did, John let out a long sigh, his hands stilling in Sherlock’s curls.
In answer, Sherlock drew his head closer, and their lips touched, almost chastely. And in that kiss, Sherlock tried to communicate what he couldn’t find the words for. As John began melting into the sheets, Sherlock followed, tucked a bare leg between John’s knees, and pressed their hips together. John moaned and wrapped his arms more tightly around Sherlock’s torso, and they remained as close as though they were fused together, even as the heat built and pleasure spiked and the shockwaves left them gasping and crying out each other’s names.
And with that, Sherlock vaulted the barricade and stalked across the circle to stand at John’s side. At his sudden appearance, dead quiet fell again, but the moment he took a fighting stance, and John alongside him, a roar went up from the masses, loud enough to startle the birds into flight and shake the very foundations of London.
Behind closed eyelids, John saw the 221B he had known for two happy years. Everything from the way the curtains fell over the windows to the skull perched on the mantelpiece. He began to describe it aloud, item after item, detail after detail, right down to the color and where it was placed in the room, and Sherlock listened intently, not interrupting until . . .
Having lived in the Wacko World, he knew what it was like to ache and moan and writhe with pain, desperate for relief that only another body, a very specific kind of body, could provide. Occupying an Omega body had opened his eyes to one of the most intense and agonizing kinds of hunger a human could suffer. Frankly, it had been a miserable experience, and one he was anxious not to repeat. He needed out. He yearned for home.
“What was your third theory, Sherlock?” he asked again, even quieter than before, already guessing at the worst possibility Sherlock could imagine.
There had to be some way for him to switch back, there just had to. As an Omega, Sherlock might want him again. He was convinced that an Omega clinic was his best chance of figuring this whole thing out once and for all. That last doctor, the “men’s health specialist” or whatever, he hadn’t had a clue about what was going on. It was this damned Beta body that was throwing everything out of whack, everything from how people treated him to his perceptions of the world. He just couldn’t stand it anymore. So he was ready for whatever he needed to do: pills, surgery, hormone therapy,
But with his quick disrobing, Sherlock froze, like he hadn’t actually been expecting it. John felt the goose pimples bubbling up all over his skin, though due to the intense gaze or sudden chill, he couldn’t be sure.
while the heat built and the shockwaves came, never once looking away, and every moment seeing the love in his eyes and the shape of the words on his lips—how could there be anything inferior about
“Sherlock, I just have to say, what you and John did for her . . . It means more to her than you may ever fully appreciate. More than I can appreciate.”
“Spotted you through the window,” Lestrade said by way of apology for waking him. “And I thought, that couldn’t be Sherlock and John. Good lord, what happened?”
Sherlock stood at the end of the hallway and stared. There was John, in his bedroom, tossing his dressing gown into the corner, kicking off his slippers, and pulling off the pajama bottoms because, evidently, John Watson slept in his boxer shorts. Then he disappeared from view, heading to the bed, and Sherlock heard the covers being pulled back and the sigh of the mattress as John crawled in.
John gasped and rushed to the mirror, and the other John did the same, until they were nose to nose, gaping at one another. And the other John mouthed,
John’s hands lowered, and he slowly turned his head to regard Sherlock over his shoulder, like he couldn’t believe what Sherlock had just said.
the first man he’d ever been with. Of course he was, or John wouldn’t have needed the pamphlets. Having it confirmed, though, made him feel . . . special. Privileged. Thrilled. And though Sherlock had always imagined (not that he had
When he arrived home, he paid the cabbie and stepped onto the pavement, still wet from the storm, and stretched his back. He took a long breath through his nose, trying to draw in any of Sherlock’s scent and incite that little thrill through his body that he loved. But there was nothing. Odd. Sherlock wasn’t home yet, clearly, but as his bond-mate, he could usually detect the intoxicating odor that lingered just outside of their home, whether he was there or not. Maybe the rain had washed it away.
, thought Sherlock. It had been nearly twenty-four hours, and the most John had let him do was cleanse the bond mark. It didn’t make
Sherlock gently stroked the line of John’s jaw with a thumb. Huskily, he said, “Never mind. It was you who was in danger. You who I was worried about. I thought I’d lose my mind.”
“Let’s call this question two. If you have such a gift as third sight, you should be able to predict something for me.”
He was a tightly wound ball of stress. Sherlock hadn’t come home last night, and John had cried himself to sleep, his arms wrapped around Sherlock’s pillow if only to breathe him in, feeling not only the sting of rejection but also the aching emptiness of something vital that had been lost. For seven years, without fail, he had fallen asleep next to his Alpha, and he had trusted that nothing would ever disrupt that pattern. But come morning, finding himself still alone, he feared that Sherlock’s disgust of him in this wholly baffling form meant John would never see him again, that the bond was broken, that Sherlock was off to find himself a new Omega. The thought alone almost shattered him into a thousand pieces. So by the time he had convinced himself to get out of bed, he had come to a decision: to do whatever it took to change himself back.
“You, too, John Watson.” She kissed his cheek and stood straight, sniffing, still smiling, still sparkling. “Stop letting those Alphas get the better of you, yeah?”
“Bet you a thousand pounds he died of a brain aneurysm,” said John bitterly. “Which would explain why the so-called ‘suicides’ suddenly stopped, eh?” He reached for another pile and tossed it to Sherlock with cool disregard. “This one was ruled a suicide, too.”
. His eyebrows lifted in surprise, and a feeling of warmth, quite unrelated to his heat, spread through him. Sherlock had added John’s name? That was unexpected and unnecessary, but . . . touching. He wasn’t quite sure what to make of it, but he let himself into the flat with a soft smile on his face.
John’s head fell back with a groan as he was transported from sitting room, through kitchen, down the hallway, and into what he had once claimed as his own bedroom. There, Sherlock deposited him—or rather,
The police officers ringing the dog-pen, just as stunned as everyone at the appearance of the Omega in the center of the ring, at last began to take action, although even they didn’t seem to know what that would be. They weren’t entering the ring. Technically, once a dog fight began (initiated by the declared hour), no one but the contending packs were allowed inside the circle until it was over, not even cops. So instead, they signaled to John, holding out their hands, beckoning him to leave the danger zone and be protected. John ignored them but continued walking until he came within a short distance of the Alphas. There he stopped. The crowd held its breath, mesmerized, horrified.
John sighed a little helplessly. How was he to answer that? Sherlock was so gorgeous a blind man could see it. His dark, hapless curls, those sharp, inquisitive eyes, his one-hundred-expressions lips, and all that said nothing about his figure. John didn’t need to be gay to appreciate it. Didn’t . . .
Sherlock scanned the article quickly. The details were scant but clear: Knight, who, for twenty years, had suffered from paranoia and delusions after witnessing his father get mauled to death when Henry was still a child, had finally cracked, put a gun in his mouth, and killed himself.
Jackie learned that Pamela was a widow, and Pamela learned that Jackie had been married to the same man for the greater portion of her life, a man of modest tastes but something of brain for investments, and they were living quite comfortably, and expected to live out the rest of their days in just such comfort and leave the rest to charities and foundations, having had no children themselves in all their years together on Earth.
go suicidal when she saw her Alpha die just ten feet away from her? At least I can be there to turn the telly off for you if it becomes too much!”
John’s arms draped around Sherlock’s neck; so Sherlock used that to his advantage to pull him upright and out of the bed. But John’s legs were uncooperative. He didn’t seem to have the strength—or will—to stand on under his own power. After some awkward shuffling, hefting, drooping, and slipping, Sherlock exited the bedroom wearing John like a cape.
And with that, John made an abrupt about-face, marched back through the kitchen, down the hall . . . and straight into Sherlock’s bedroom.
He took a cab to run his errands, selecting groceries to be delivered to the flat over the next few days, all the while monitoring his pulse and temperature. It was overcast by the time he stepped back onto the street to head for home. Still pleasant, if only a little cooler with the breeze. He stuck out his hand for a passing taxi, but it trundled right by as if it didn’t even see him. He shrugged. He was still feeling well enough, and his pulse was still steady. He would walk, ten minutes, twenty minutes, and if things changed, he’d be sure to be more assertive in flagging down a cabbie. For now, there was no rush. He checked his phone: 4:12. He whistled as he walked.
Sherlock sat in his chair, fingertips pressed together as he regarded John thoughtfully, like a puzzle that needed solving. “I thought you’d never find me,” he said.
“There are other ways to make a pack,” said John, but secretly, he thought that perhaps he had no idea what he was even talking about, and added it to a list of things to research the moment he got a chance. What did
It was early, very early, before-the-sun early, and definitely before-visiting-hours early, when John woke up in his hospital bed to find he had a visitor.
“Yes!” Sherlock exclaimed, like it was the most obvious thing in the world, the first law of nature.
Thirty very quiet minutes later, his face was bright red and he was a little overheated—and not in a good way. The feeling he had expected from food poisoning at last manifested: nausea.
It had been twenty-five (-six? -seven?) days since anyone had treated him like that. Suddenly, the Christmas lights were snuffed out. The jingle of sleigh bells faded into the distance. And he lost the desire to open presents. He loved his Omega body, he really did. It felt wonderful to sit in it again. So how could those Betas so swiftly, so casually, make him resent himself by their thoughtless treatment of him?
He blinked to clear the blur and stretched out his legs to wake them. His stomach still felt a little sore, so he pushed himself up gradually, groaning and stifling a yawn.
wound, I would hazard”—with gloved hands, he tilted the corpse’s head back, exposing a neck smeared with dried blood, and with a finger, he lifted a flap of skin revealing a deep, round puncture wound, wide enough to slide a finger into—“was in the neck. One piercing object, neither tooth nor claw, and certainly not self-inflicted. Would you agree with that assessment, John?”
John pulled back, panting, and when they saw each other’s expressions, they laughed together until John caught his breath, licked his own swollen lips and said, more boldly this time, not a question, but a command:
Thing two: She still had to be knotted?!?! She still had to suffer these heats, the humiliation of subjecting herself to an Alpha, or else
paid. The cabbie cleared his throat loudly, and Sherlock conceded to pull out his wallet. “I suppose it
No. He was lying, trying to hide what had been done to him, as if such were even possible. John had been
John’s teeth clapped together and his breath hitched. Then Sherlock, the color rising in his cheeks, sought distraction and started fiddling with the bed controls. But he didn’t take it back.
. No one wants to engage in a dog fight, John. They can be messy affairs. In any case, the official challenge will be printed in every paper in London tomorrow and repeated on the news. They can’t avoid knowing about it.”
In a flash, John caught sight of Sherlock, some twenty feet away, wrestling his opponent on the ground. It was impossible to tell who was winning, because in the next second, Trevor was fully on top of John, hands around his throat, squeezing. If the crowd could have turned into a fire-spitting dragon, it might have done so at that moment. His situation was precarious. He knew he had only seconds. But with his wits about him, and with Trevor’s two hands occupied in strangling him, the rest of the Alpha was left exposed.
was the one man left standing. I don’t need you to play my knight in shining armor or go on some revenge kick. Frankly, Holmes, it’s none of your damn business. And
he was talking about? This past week, they hadn’t had any new cases, nor had he begun any new experiments, certainly none that he had abandoned. The nearest reference was the, ahem, examination.
John stared out the window of the back of the taxi. His whole body was tensed, and no matter what he did, he couldn’t seem to relax.
He didn’t hold back anymore. Pushing through the pain in his abdomen, he leaned forward, arms spread. Molly stood to reach him, and they embraced.
Sherlock sat in his chair, and as the night wore on, he puzzled through the vexing question, coming to an uncertain conclusion: The murderer had been a cab driver. It made sense, didn’t it? None of the victims knew each other, none of them had died in the same two places, and all of them had been found in places they had no business being. The only connecting tissue there was their utter randomness—random victims
He made no effort to hide his writing cheques and stuffing envelopes, all in full sight of where John sat flipping through channels, murmuring something about not being able to find his favorite shows. But he received no acknowledgement. Maybe John wasn’t paying attention? So he decided to be a bit more obvious.
Second, the Betas comprised an estimated 85% of the population, the Alphas about 10%, and the Omegas about 5%. Again, weird, but fine. Omegas were rare and, John supposed without too much anxiety, headed for extinction, if nature had the same destructive trajectory he was familiar with. Give them another thousand years.
“You’ll answer my questions eventually, John,” she said with a condescending sigh to indicate that though perturbed, she fully expected to win out in the end. “You can’t deny me forever.”
spent time imagining, not until very, very recently) that John was a master in the bedroom, it seemed that the prospect of being with his own sex had rendered him shy.
He didn’t know what was wrong with him, or broken inside of him, but even in his inexpressible joy, he was crying.
He kissed him again, sealing his words like a promise. Though he didn’t know what was wrong, exactly, he suspected it had something to do with, not any kind of reluctance to be with a man, but owing to a
He was depressed. That night, he didn't sleep. He barely left that room the next day, only to tidy up the flat and to make Sherlock his meals, which he hardly touched. He even told John, “I can in fact feed myself, John. No need for three square a day. You don’t need to . . . I don’t know. ‘Make up’ for anything.”
And Lestrade took as much interest as if Sherlock had said that the forecast was partly cloudy. No comment at all. Pleasantries dispensed with, he got straight to business. “Found this one in the London Zoo at dawn, just outside the tiger cages. Looks like he was mauled, but zookeepers insist that the animals couldn’t possibly get out. They say the wounds on the body are inconsistent with tiger attacks, but we don’t have much by way of comparison, you know? Not a crime the Metropolitan Police usually have to deal with. All the same, something's not adding up, and we suspect foul play.”
“Don’t say that.” He threaded his hands through Sherlock’s hair, damp with sweat. “I’m not going anywhere. Neither are you. We need each other, Sherlock. We’ve come through hell to find one another, and I’ll fight hell itself to keep us right here, like this.”
John shouted. His hand swung out like he was batting away a diving seagull and he flipped over, on top of Sherlock, and pressed an arm to his throat; and Sherlock, startled by this action and reacting faster than he could think, flung him off, and they rolled together right off the bed and onto the floor, John beneath him, fighting. Sherlock took a blow to the shoulder and a knee to the ribs but seized John’s wrists and pinned them above his head.
Then, sometime in the middle of the night, he heard John’s breathing change. It was becoming louder—harder breaths in, harder breaths out—and quicker. In fact, he was no longer breathing through his nose, but his mouth, as if he were running . . . or being chased. John was dreaming, and whatever he dreamt, Sherlock thought it must have been unpleasant. A nightmare. John started making tiny grunting noises in the back of his throat; he rolled onto his back; his legs began to writhe beneath the sheets; his head shook back and forth on the pillow; even in the dark, by the pale light from the window, Sherlock could make out that his brow was furrowed, indicating distress.
But Sherlock had crossed to him, took his arm at the wrist, and pulled him to his feet. Then, placing an arm around his shoulders, he steered John toward the kitchen, down the hall, and into the bedroom. “There now,” he said. “You’re okay. Just an off day. You’ll be better tomorrow.”
“Fascinating,” she said to her assistant, staring up at the triptych of brain images on screens as behind her, John struggled through the nausea of too many sedatives and tried to sit up. “See how the lobes are all lit up, here and here? These are centers that are normally active only during REM sleep, but just
Though he had spent the last three nights (and days) there, John was not keen to return to Sherlock’s bed (now changed with the last clean sheets they had), which he refused to think of as his, too. So while Sherlock showered, he hurriedly changed into pyjamas, and by the time he was out, John had heated him some beans with toast and milk, just to shut him up. Sherlock ate it without complaint and even had a second helping of beans. But it was while John was arranging the Union Jack pillow at the end of the couch and planning to spend the night there that Sherlock, now pyjama-clad himself, stepped back into the sitting room and said, “Don’t be ridiculous, you’re not spending the night there.”
“We’re meant to be, Sherlock,” John said with conviction. “I’ve always thought so, but now I know it with all my heart. Here, or in any world. We complete each other.”
It was magnificent, beyond magnificent, holding John this closely, feeling John’s hands grazing his skin and knowing that he wanted this, too. The only regret was that he had not acted sooner, weeks and
“They’ve been monitoring things closely, and my estrogen levels started spiking an hour ago. They’re moving me to the House.” Her smile looked a little strained now. “Only one day off from normal! That’s good, I guess.”
John hailed the first cab he saw. Before climbing into the back, he shook the water from his hair and felt his head throb a little from where it had struck the pavement. He was still a little shaky. For a second there, he thought he’d been struck by lightning.
It was the one piece of the puzzle that he could not fit into the narrative of illness, and though it bothered him to the extent that he stayed up at night thinking about it (and simultaneously trying
The nurse tapped and swiped, then looked up at him a little more compassionately. Gesturing to her own face as an indication of his, she asked, “Looks like you had a bit of bad luck. You here to get that looked at?”
Whatever he was expecting to happen next, it wasn’t this. Sherlock threw the phone to the floor, swept across the room like mighty wind, and lifted John off his feet as he pulled him into his arms, crushing him to his breast. They swayed, overbalancing, and though Sherlock’s rocking feet sought to restore balance, it didn’t seem to occur to him to set John down again. Instead, they ended up against the door, John wrapped in Sherlock’s arms but otherwise pinned to the door.
John had sat the entire interview in rapt attention, practically poised on the edge of his seat, knees bouncing together. Now, he was reeling. “You really think a stranger just, you know, replaced his wife? Without anyone even noticing?”
“No, sir. You might wanna crack a window there. You’ll excuse me for saying so, but the smell is a bit ripe.”
out before the rhino chase!” He chuckled deeply to himself. “You should have heard Lestrade squeal like a warthog.”
“You said John wanted to come home. For me. But you were lying. John never said that. And then later, when I asked you to tell John through the mirror that I miss him, miss him so terribly I can’t think straight anymore, and that I promise to do whatever it takes to bring him home, because I need him back . . . You said you’d tell him, but you were lying then, too. You finally understand, don’t you? John won’t want to hear it. He won’t return if he knows how I love him. But
“Nor am I,” said Sherlock, placatingly. “Beyond a clinical understanding, that is. Come, John. You don’t think me any more experienced than you, surely. Not with
She sighed, and it seemed they were both resigned to exchange the necessary pleasantries dictated by social decree before moving on. “You’re looking well,” she said.
Something stirred in Sherlock. “You’re surprisingly poetic, John,” he said, and with refreshed desire he reclaimed John’s mouth. John moaned into him, gripped him more fiercely, spread his knees and let Sherlock press more insistently against him.
He didn’t want to try. He was cold and wet and unhappy, but when he opened his mouth to protest, to say that he didn’t even have on the right shoes, his eyes fell to his father’s feet and saw them: his cleats. “You—!” he started.
“Which isn’t even your field! And I’m no dummy, Sherlock. I was a sodding doctor in my last life, for Christ’s sake.”
“Oh good. It’s beginning to work.” Dr. Stapleton smiled, picked up the dropped fork, and helped herself to a bite. “Mm. Creamy.” Pointing the tines in his direction, she spoke around another mouthful. “A couple of more days at higher levels of scent, and you won’t be able to resist me. You see, John? I’ll take care of you one way or another, even if I have to Compel you to eat. Or to speak. Or tell the world whatever I need you to. They need to understand that you came with me willingly, after all.”
“You can’t. I’m contaminated.” Her jaw quivered as she continued, “No Alpha will ever want me. I have no true bond-mate, no pack, no one to hunt in my name.”
“I need matches. Do you have matches? A lighter. Something to ignite this shit and send it to a fiery hell?”
“I don’t mean to scare you,” John said, slowing his steps. He gentled his tone, low and warm. “I would never hurt you. I’m a friend.”
“You forgot repulsed,” Sherlock said in a small voice. Together, they entered the large wing, as wide and long as a passage in Versailles. It was cluttered with everything that reminded him of John and all his memories about John and all his thoughts about John. It was fit to bursting.
“John . . .” He suddenly felt quite serious. “If you ever . . . I ever did lose you . . . I would never forgive myself.”
“Instead of hiring a service,” the reporter continued, “the Bernsteins locked their daughter in a room with estrus aids and pre-made meals for two days. By the time they checked on her, Charlotte was already suffering severe toxic shock from the poisons in her bloodstream. She died in hospital two hours later.”
, not with Sherlock Holmes, not before his last sexual excursion at least, but that, at the same time, if he ever did it again, and if it had to a bloke, it would be Sherlock? And how did he reconcile that thought with the one that said there was no one in the world more important to him than Sherlock? No one he loved and admired and thought about more? No one, man or woman, occupied such a vital role in his life. Not that he could tell Sherlock that.
“Theoretical,” Dr. Stapleton said, “in that we have not designed any sort of experiment capable of verifying the hypothesis. It all exists in the realm of speculation. Not fanciful speculation, mind you. We base our speculations on highly advanced equations and thoroughly worked mathematics, which all seem to suggest the very real probability of many interacting worlds.”
The morning was filled with strawberry-scented bubbles, hot tea, an Antiques Roadshow marathon indulgence.
John practically threw a nurse into the wall as he pushed past her to reach Sherlock’s bedside. He mumbled an insincere apology and she straightened her nametag and left in a huff.
Sherlock suddenly retreated. “Let me get this straight. You don’t prepare any meals for the heat, leaving me to clean out the cupboards and cobble something together and send for takeaway, and afterwards, you don’t even bother to restock? Are you unwell? If you had told me, I could have sent for someone to take a look at you.”
John sighed. He was too tired to argue. Mentally, emotionally, he just didn’t know if he could do it anymore, or, if he could, for how much longer. He dropped the blanket.
John was breathing. But he lay as though sleeping, not opening his eyes, not moving. Sherlock gathered him into his arms to keep him warm until an ambulance arrived. He pressed John’s head to his chest and smoothed his wet hair back, rubbing his arms and back, rocking with him, and telling him over and over again, “You’re home, you’re home. John, I’m here. You’re home.”
tiny,” she said, and John felt her words building toward devastation. “It’s what we astrophysicists call impossible.”
But there was that little something Mr. Jacobs said that gave him pause, in response to Sherlock’s query about how he knew the woman wasn’t his wife: “This woman, she’s doing things my Jackie never does. Watching that crap telly all the day long. Jackie hates the telly, only ever watches the news. And not even sitting and watching, just setting the volume high and stepping away to the kitchen where she does nothing but cut up lemons and onions and stew pots and pots of cod soup. Jackie doesn’t even
“He told me, Sherlock. And I thought . . .” He shook his head and tried to laugh to hide just how serious this was to him, but Sherlock wasn’t fooled. “I thought you’d never been with anyone. Ever.”
“You’ll make sure to see to Molly?” said John. “See that she recovers all right and is taken care of?”
likes cod soup. It’s clear as crystal, John. The thermostat set at sixteen degrees, the flypaper, the lemons, the onions, the cod soup, the blaring telly: what is it all for? What does it all
It was overcast by the time John stepped out of the surgery and headed for home. Still pleasant, if only a little cooler with the breeze. He stuck his hand out for a passing taxi, but it trundled right by as if it didn’t even see him. But the quick flare of irritation passed. No matter. The day was lovely. He would walk, ten minutes, twenty minutes, and try again. There was no rush. He checked his phone: 4:12. No rush at all.
“Police have arrested a mother and father for the death of thirteen-year-old Omega-X Charlotte Bernstein. Reports say that the Bernsteins, both Betas, neglected to provide their daughter with an Alpha during her first heat. The two Betas, members of Nothing Knotting, a cult well known for their views opposing Alpha-Omega dependencies, told police that they were trying to teach their maturing daughter to conquer her own body and practice the Eastern-inspired art of mind over matter, a growing trend among Beta and Omega radicals."
He stopped short and saw a portly, bespectacled fellow angling toward him, huffing through a smile as he lumbered along. John quickly tried to reason out why this stranger was chasing him down. Had he dropped his wallet? Had he knocked into him and not even noticed? Was he some sort of messenger? All he knew for sure was that he had never seen the man before in his life.
For a few wild moments, Sherlock paced the sitting room, brainstorming desperate and terrible solutions.
“What? Oh! Right.” Sherlock snorted. “You have issues with modesty now. It’s nothing I haven’t seen before.”
“And her suitcase was missing.” John’s eyebrows shot up, giving the impression of a schoolteacher who expected his pupil to take the next step. “You remember
Sherlock stared at him, as if waiting for him to reach the end of his argument and render it reasonable. When it was clear John had apparently made his point, he said, “Don’t be stupid. For better or for worse, I am bonded to
“Nonsense,” said the man, slapping him familiarly on the upper arm. “You were obviously deep in thought. A million miles away. In a rush? Am I keeping you from something?”
“And while we’re on the subject of long-term acquaintances turned romantic interests,” Lestrade continued, and for the first time that night, he seemed a little bashful, and he hesitated before completing his thought: “What do you think about Molly?”
to escape this reality? Sherlock didn’t think so. And he would fight tooth and nail to stop him from trying anything rash.
A bright flash of light sliced through the darkness, and John threw himself to the ground. He army crawled under a truck, then dashed into an alleyway. There, at the end of the long alley, he saw him. Sherlock. His Sherlock. He didn’t know how he knew, but he knew. Yet the distance between them was astronomical.
for a particular outcome? no, this was scientific, empirical, objective) would suggest a level of physical, emotional, and sexual attraction. Within each of his five categories (favors, compliments, gifts, communication, and touch) he planned three experiments. And for each experiment, he would evaluate John’s and his own responses on a Likert scale, 1 to 5:
John’s jaw hardened. His hand tightened around the phone. “Shit shit shit,” he whispered into the mouthpiece.
And that was how he ended up filling out a book’s worth of paperwork, waiting for over three hours in a room with outdated magazines, and finally being escorted into a back room to await the doctor in a paper gown.
The next two days were jam-packed with a series of intertwined, death-defying, no-rest-for-the-wicked cases. John was tired, hungry, but exhilarated with the challenge of keeping up and having his mind blown time and time again. Together, he and Sherlock zipped around London, interrogating black-market electronics hawkers in Islington, trespassing through an exclusive art gallery in Soho, and chasing a series of clues from Stratford to Shepherd’s Bush (John couldn’t
John placed his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, guiding him down. He knew what he was doing, but he wasn’t
John hurried around the flat. He threw a loaf of French bread into the oven and left it there to blacken while rushing downstairs with a bottle of bleach and scrubbing the front entryway; he left the soaked rag over the handrail. Back in the flat, he rummaged in the cupboard for candles he remembered having stored there, but all he found were torches and spare batteries. So he abandoned the scented candle ruse and found a tin of aromatic spray instead, which he shook hard and filled the air with the scent of pine until the tin was nearly empty. Then he retreated to the bathroom, found a bottle of cologne in the medicine cabinet (he didn’t remember buying it), and rubbed it liberally into his hands and neck, up and down his arms and across his stomach until even he was coughing on the fumes. It was too much—he knew it was too much—but if things went well, Sherlock’s hormones would be stronger than any amount of perfume.
But John had experienced it now, and he didn’t believe those stereotypes about inferior Beta sex anymore. Not when Sherlock had been so loving and gentle. John had spent his whole life being taken from behind, because that was just the way things were done. So to be lying on his back with Sherlock above him, holding him, holding them
Sherlock woke before the sun, had a quick shower, and was in the kitchen and over the stove before he even heard John stirring in the floor above him. When John arrived downstairs in his open dressing gown, yawning and scratching the back of his mussed up head of hair, Sherlock was ready for him with a mug of steaming coffee and a set table. John’s slippers screeched to a halt on the lino.
John gasped in pain and tried to curl inward, but the hands holding him up by the shirt wouldn’t allow it and shook him so roughly his neck cricked. Someone was pulling the shoes from his feet. Another set of hands were making short work of his belt buckle. He saw a fist raise. Squeezing his eyes tight, he turned his head away and waited for the blow.
“No,” said Sherlock, and John mutely shook his head, still trying to wrap his mind around the other examples.
“Mate had a motorbike. I dropped something, bent to retrieve it, lost my balance, and fell into it. The exhaust, you know? Scalding hot.”
“Whatever that was,” said John, but barely above a whisper; there was something of fear in his eyes now now, and Sherlock regretted seeing it there, “don’t do it again.”
But maybe that was the problem! He thought he could pretend that things weren’t fundamentally different now, but maybe Sherlock was right. He wasn’t the same John Watson anymore. Maybe Sherlock just wanted to return to the Alpha-Omega bond they had known from the beginning, and they couldn’t return.
“A doctor friend I know from . . . back home. I met him in the hospital here, and . . .” He quieted, to hear what Mike was saying.
“Yeah, I guess you could say that. Caught me on the street, pulled me down an alley. I . . . I was lucky to get away.”
She left him in the sitting room and disappeared to the kitchen. John stood motionless, not knowing what to do, not only because he couldn’t find anywhere to sit (the couches and chairs were piled with dirty clothes and dirtier magazines) or even walk (the floor was littered with empty beer cans and bottles), but because he had never seen this place in such a state of disarray. He’d been here only three weeks ago for one of their mahjong nights, and the whole house had been in its usual state of immaculate tidiness. But
He felt something nasty churning his insides, so he put that question aside, opened a laptop, and started researching based on his conclusions. Considering the time line, he started looking for London cab drivers who had retired at about the time of the final murder, and after forty minutes of searching, he settled on one name: Jeff Hope. And he hadn’t retired; he had died.
satisfied. Not you, John, or you never would have made a pass at him to start with. So are you just going to go back to bottling that up? You still love him, don’t you?”
In her will, Mrs. Hudson left 221 Baker Street and its three apartments—a value of over three million pounds—to its occupants of twelve years: husbands Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
an Alpha-X (both having anatomies that included a penis), though only a 50% chance of impregnation by a Beta-Y. And, most disturbing to John, the Omega-Y, copulating with either of the Alpha sexes, had once been capable of becoming pregnant, though no longer. The capability was now defunct (df):
“Oh my God,” he said, staring at the article. “Suicide count reaches eleven . . .” And Jennifer Wilson had been only number four. “These people were murdered, John! We need to reopen this case! We can still catch the killer!”
Squirming inside, John wrestled with a response. But how did he say he’d never thought about, you know,
Ten minutes later, Sherlock was back in the sitting room, Dr. Stapleton sat in John’s chair with a cup of instant coffee, listening intently as Sherlock related the story of how it had happened.
He was huge! His penis, once contained and modestly unobtrusive, was now obscenely long and heavy in his hand, stretching across and exceeding the width of his palm. What was this, what was
“Surrender!” he shouted, circling the Alpha, who wavered on his knees and held his ear like he was keeping it attached to the side of his head.
John balled his fists at his side and breathed loudly through his nose. “What business,” he asked, his voice dark and low, “is it of
“I don’t suppose you’ve seen any of the footage, have you, John? It’s different when you’re on the outside of things. Here’s the remote, you can watch it yourself over breakfast. Visiting hours don’t start for another two hours. Then we’ll give your Alpha a call, if he’s not already pounding down the door by then.”
“Um.” John's frustration with these questions was only mounting, and he was having a difficult time hiding it. “That is, I make my own, of course.”
, John. I’m not saying this because of what I know of my John. I’ve seen you standing in the path of danger. Rhinos and bike thieves and old ladies with carving knives. And when those moments come, do you run away? Put your head between your knees? Call for someone to save you? Hell no. You come
The corner of Sherlock’s lip turned up into a well-controlled smirk, and his eyes teased. “Then, if you would please resume your place on the stool.”
Sherlock slowly turned toward him. Their eyes locked, but Sherlock’s were frightfully unreadable. “And what was the very first thing I said to you?”
“Evans will get you two set up. He knows you’re coming. I have a meeting to race off to, but I’ll probably be back before you finish up.”
“Watch the mirror,” John mumbled into the pillow, his eyes already closing and embracing the darkness of sleep.
“There’s no need for you to come, you’ll be bored to death. This is highly advanced theoretical phys—”
; but to think that Sherlock was even willing to entertain the notion, let alone desire it, suddenly marriage took on a whole new level of significance, and now he knew that he wanted it too, and he needed to answer the proposal in the affirmative. He kissed him.
John, meanwhile, had spent the day collecting clues about his past, and his new world, and piecing them together to construct the narrative of a man who had nearly forty years of living in Wacko World. Upstairs, in the laboratory that had once been his own private sanctuary, he found a box of his very own containing personal items, including a birth certificate (his father had been a Beta-Y, but his mother had been an Omega-X; like in his former life, both had passed), school records, and photographs of family and friends from childhood. He was surprised to recognize a handful of faces in the boys and girls who were his classmates, but the majority were strangers to him.
He couldn’t normally be bothered with them. They just . . . got done. The sweeping, the dusting, the shopping, the hoovering, the overall neatness. Much of that was thanks to Mrs. Hudson of course, who swept in, uninvited and unannounced, like their Guardian Angel of General Tidiness. But of late he’d seen John too often coming through the door, arms laden with grocery sacks, or,
Justice had been served, perhaps, but that did not change the fact that so many precious Omegas had been brutalized and so many lives ruined. It was a disturbing story for any Omega or Alpha, and served as a cautionary tale: Alphas, protect your Omegas; Omegas, stay close to your Alphas. And don’t be alone after dark.
Roger twisted and jerked, trying to throw him off. With his oxygen supply rapidly diminishing, he made the mistake John knew he would make: to free his esophagus, he turned his head into the angle of John’s elbow, desperate for air. But doing so meant that John’s arm was now cutting off the blood that flowed from his carotid artery to his brain. Only seconds, John knew, and Roger would be unconscious. He just had to hang on for a few more seconds.
He let the thought pass. After all, he knew Sherlock moved as quickly and brilliantly as electricity, and John would only slow him down. He wasn’t nearly as able-bodied, not to mention able-minded, and that was fine. He knew where, when, and how Sherlock needed him, and he was content with that, too.
. Not really. Other than its shocking state of length and girth, it appeared otherwise healthy. But he was Omega! His sex didn’t allow for this kind of physical feature! He was well versed in Omegan anatomy and physiology, had studied all about aberrations and diseases and complications for his kind in school, and never ever had he heard of something like this. One did
“I just got carried away,” Sherlock said. He gingerly kissed the wound, apologizing. “Let me get the surgical spirit and a bandage. It looks nasty.”
But oh, how he needed him. He pressed forward, and they were kissing again. And John had only a throbbing need to get closer, closer. With arms wound round Sherlock’s neck, he sought to dispel even the tiniest bit of space by hooking a leg around his knee. Still, it wasn’t enough. Sherlock was crushing his ribcage with the strength of his embrace. Still it wasn’t enough. Suddenly, as though they made a joint decision without saying a word, John hopped and Sherlock caught him. With both legs hugging Sherlock around the waist, he was now in a position to tug Sherlock’s hair back, force his chin up, and give him the snogging of his life, like he was trying to crawl inside of him to find the place where he belonged, and stay there. His tongue dipped deep and pulled from Sherlock a moan so deep John’s whole body quivered with it.
His phone was in his pocket, set to vibrate at precisely midnight. It would be destroyed in the plunge, but there was nothing for it.
Sherlock spun to see John, fully dressed and looking quite alert, walking toward them through the kitchen. In the light of day, he looked hardly better than when he had first stepped through the door the night before. The swelling on the side of his face had gone down, true, but the bruising had darkened to blacks and purples, and the scrapes looked just as red and mean as before.
John wasn’t sure he wanted to hear it, but he asked, “And in the case of the challenger pack? If one of those members is lost?”
of their unusual situation, writing until their hands cramped. John taught John about many worlds interpretations of quantum mechanics and something called transplanar displacement, correspondence, and interacting worlds, replete with examples about Atlantic salmon and a drawing of trains labeled A and B. In return, John—feeling significantly foolish—shared theories about ghosts, déjà vu, and Alice. They took notes on one another’s work.
Over the next hour and bit, John set about to subtly create the perfect sleepy-time conditions. When Sherlock went to the bathroom, he turned down the brighter lights, leaving on only a couple of dimmer lamps. He turned on the telly to a blank station for practically undetectable white noise. Every twelve to twenty-one minutes, he was sure to yawn (even if it was fake), and without fail, Sherlock followed suit. And, to cap it all off, he made tea, chamomile tea, and, for good measure, laced it with a sedative antihistamine he found in the cupboard.
John almost laughed, and he would have if the statement didn’t make him want to cry. For two years, that’s exactly what Sherlock had been to him, a drug. A stimulant. And he was an addict. But he knew this Sherlock meant it differently: he meant medicine.
“All his vitals are reading as normal,” said the doctor, consulting his chart. “Body temperature is good, despite time spent in the water. Pulse steady at 72 beats per minute, blood pressure 120 over 80. No respiratory problems, no broken bones, no organ damage. Injuries sustained in the dog fight are minimal, which is a miracle, frankly. There are some curious puncture wounds in the abdomen, as though from a needle, like he’d been injected with something, but nothing is coming up on the bloodwork except your own scent markers, Mr. Holmes.”
She must have stewed on it for a while, because it was a long, quiet ten minutes before John’s phone vibrated on the table next to him. Sherlock was now riveted, scrutinizing John’s every movement, breath, expression, everything. But, as it turned out, he didn’t need to be so vigilant in his scrutiny. John was hiding nothing.
, in this world. But even after all the other John had done, the doctors had still treated him like a child. Would Sherlock?
. She’s spent the last however many days running all sorts of, erm, experiments. She has a ton of information on me! Brain scans, blood samples, and I’m pretty sure I gave a walloping testimonial to her digital recorder.”
“Lestrade just called. There’s a case in Hyde Park. Body found in what looks to be a ritualistic killing. Maybe something involving the occult. Body’s naked, in the center of a circle of stones, balls cut off.” He spoke this all very quickly, and his eyes gleamed hopefully but shyly as he said, “You coming?”
She shushed him again with the finger, then took hold of his head and drew it closer to speak in his ear. “I’m here because of Sherlock. He told me everything. That you’re from another world, and I believe him. That’s why I came. You’re not safe here. We need to get you out.”
, practiced safe habits, when he was on his own. Risks were not John’s cup of tea. Bonding hadn’t changed that.
The cab driver’s eyes slowly lifted to the rearview mirror and back again to the road. Knowing they had an audience, John felt the heat rise in his cheeks. He was gobsmacked, less because of the content than the outburst. When he had told Sherlock of the mirror conversation earlier that week, he had not neglected to mention the other John’s “confession,” even though he had already assumed it. The swap had taken place the first day of his cycle, so the other John had been thrown into a body on the verge of a three-day heat. That needed to be dealt with, and Sherlock was there to deal with it. What else could have been done? So no, it didn’t bother him.
Color spread across Lestrade’s cheeks like he had developed a sudden and alarming rash. “Molly doesn’t have much by way of family. And she likes her flatmates just fine, but the place holds bad memories for her now, so . . . Well, my place is in a really good part of town, and I know it seems fast, but we’ve made something of a connection—”
his counterpart would have come up with the same one—so he had to devise another: getting Sherlock Holmes to go to bed without Sherlock Holmes know he was being manipulated.
“Three things,” said John. “To start.” God, those lips. He wanted to kiss them so badly. It was strange, because he knew how wonderful it could be, but in seven years, he had never kissed this man before. Not this man.
At last, he sat back, and John with him. He was shaking a little; the pale moonlight shone off his sweaty forehead; he rubbed his left shoulder.
“And to what do I owe the pleasure of your coming to my home?” he asked. “I’m afraid I’m not seeing clients today.”
And he thought about what he had seen on the telly, the amazing things he had seen the other John do, and do with Sherlock. John had engaged in a dog fight and won. Together, he and Sherlock had defeated three ferocious Alphas. He still didn’t know the whole story yet. For instance, why had the challenge been issued in the first place? What had happened to the other John? Was it
, not prohibitive. They’re no good until something has actually happened! And Alphas have to take the scent inhibitor while they’re in this hospital, but not out there, not on the streets where Omegas are most vulnerable.”
John felt sluggish, dizzy, confused, like he’d been drugged. But there was a burning in his blood, a discomfort in his stomach, the sensation that he was only moments away from vomiting or fainting. He struggled even to keep his eyes open. But he continued to answer her questions.
“I see. Well. Why don’t we sit down, and you can explain your project to me. And we’ll see what I can do to help you get started.”
With an equally put-upon sigh, John stood and untied the belt of his dressing gown. Then he tossed it to the chair and sat on the stool, extending his right arm for examination.
He climbed into the nearest bus, found a seat near the back, and sighed deeply, sinking into it. Then he rested his head against the glass and watched London roll by. When his phone dinged in his pocket—a text this time—he didn’t even check to see what Sherlock had to say.
, he thought. But he highly doubted that Sherlock would anytime soon forget the Woman. The thought irked him, though he couldn’t say why.
“What is all this?” He swept his arm over the table and to what surely amounted to hours’ worth of work.
When it settled again, Dr. Stamford ignored the newly raised hands and said, “Look. Not in our lifetimes, but on the horizon—two, maybe three centuries from now—the human population will be comprised of only Betas. Already, the Omega population is dwindled to unprecedented low numbers. Omega-Ys cannot conceive, and the numbers of Alphas, particularly the Xs but also a notable number of Ys, are failing to get their Omega Xs pregnant, Omega Xs who can otherwise conceive with a Beta-Y. We may be on the cusp of Alpha sterility. Omegas still need Alphas, but it looks like, increasingly, they need Betas, too.
If she had been and ordinary woman, or even a Beta in this world, it would have stung, he would have winced, and that would be that. But she was not Beta. She was Alpha, he was Omega, and the blow made him feel like she had just slapped his face off his skull. Twice.
“Untethered. I was bored at school, bored at home, had no friends because none of them could keep up with me. And frankly, I had no patience for their pedestrian brains. Made for kind of a lonely kid. I admit that now, though I wouldn’t then. And I was more ordinary, in some ways, than even I would ever want to own up to. For one, I wanted to rebel. But against what? There were no boundaries to push at home. So. I found others.”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow but refrained from mentioning the mirror. He didn’t entirely trust Dr. Stapleton. Her motives, not her science.
three minutes. He looked around for something that might serve as a weapon, bemoaning the absence of a firearm, and found nothing. Even the bench was bolted to the pavement. The cluster of four Alphas under the trees were now whispering together, and the two on the bridge were now edging closer. John held himself rigidly, phone pressed to his cheek. He didn’t fidget or pace or break down blubbering. He just … waited.
“Nah, nah, I’m good. I’m good,” said John, pulling a hand away from his eyes, but staring skyward. “Whoo!” Then he bent over, hands on knees, covering his mouth and breathing loudly.
And she ushered him toward the door; behind him, the next Omega was stepping up to her station, and he heard her begin to answer all the same questions, unabashed.
John sat up abruptly and put a hand down his pants, feeling around, and when he felt what he had down there, he promptly burst into tears.
Thing two: Her Alpha stooge had been sniffing and sizing John up from the moment of the abduction. Therefore, it was in their company, not Sherlock’s, that he was unsafe.
And now, here he stood, his body betraying him in the form of a Beta male. The cock was one thing, but just to be sure, he dropped his trousers, crouched down, and prodded himself with his fingers. He was dry, tight, and resistant. Nothing close to a spark of pleasure. He pulled his trousers back up and began to sob.
Sherlock pulled back but took John’s face in his hands. He turned his head left and right, and though his touch was gentle, his fury only escalated. The contusion on the side of his face alone! John had been struck, and struck
So nights in, given that they were now fewer, had become more . . . special. So despite all the stresses of becoming a revolutionary, quite independent of his own desires, John had never been happier.
“Right.” John stood, hands akimbo as he looked around for his shoes. His head bobbed up and down repeatedly and he licked his lips. “Sure, okay. Two minutes, yeah?”
“Oh yes. Resourceful, proactive, decisive. You saved me from a nasty cut, there’s no doubt. She was a wild thing, that woman.”
John burst with white light. He fell into white, and white surged out of him, and he was white, and he was light, and all was celestial fire, enveloping, enfolding, unfolding. He floated in nothingness, and he glided on time like it was a wave, and he walked on lightning like it was a road, and in front of him was himself, who drew nearer and was nearer and was gone, all in a moment that lasted forever, and they passed each other, and they were each other, and they touched each other, were cloven together and then cloven apart, and they traded worlds, and the fire became ice.
So engrossed in what he was reading, John startled, jumping a little in his chair. Sherlock was rising to his feet. Seeing John clearly agitated
“Self-professed psychics are charlatans! Under controlled test conditions, no supposed ‘supernatural powers’
time, I thought I was with you, John. The John who always waits two-and-a-half minutes before giving me my tea because he knows how impatient I am and how many times I’ve scalded my tongue by drinking too fast. The John who scolds me for making Lestrade beg for answers. The John who makes me sound like a hero to a host of online strangers. The John who shot a homicidal cabbie to save my life, after knowing me barely a day. The John
Pushing open the door, he found John seated on the edge of the mattress, finishing the buttons on his shirt. He wore socks but no shoes, and his hair hadn’t yet been combed. He didn’t raise his head or eyes when Sherlock stepped a foot inside.
John was forcing him to say the one thing above all things that Sherlock hated saying, so when he did, his mouth was small, his lips reluctant. “I don’t understand. What does it mean?”
“The thought of it . . . of being trapped there forever and never . . .” His throat was closing off again at the thought; he couldn’t continue.
“I mean,” said John, placing a hand on Sherlock’s chest and pushing back gently, “we can’t leave here. Not yet.”
But despite their relative quiet on the subject, John should have known better: Sherlock’s brain would not have simply let it rest. Nor would his heart accept that his John was gone for good.
But at that precise moment, sirens sounded in the distance. John sighed with relief and distanced himself a little more from the foiled thief. The police and ambulances arrived to sort out the man, and while they were loading him into the ambulance (all while reading him his rights) and safely removing the stolen painting to a secure vehicle, Sherlock gave his report to Lestrade. But he kept John in the corner of his eye. His brain was trying to tell him something, but he couldn’t understand what.
After selecting the page he wanted, John flipped it around and slapped it in front of Sherlock. Then he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms . . . crossly.
“Did you?” Lestrade’s eyes fell to John, asleep between them. “Did something happen during the dog fight that led to this?”
,” Sherlock continued. “So I was determined to show him, next time, how much I desired him, too. Because I feared he’d forgotten it. And I didn’t want him to doubt it. Not for a second.”
They wasted no time, answered no questions, but surrounded him, a ring of five Alphas against whom he would be a fool to put up a fight. His wrists were cuffed in iron, not the dainty steel bracelets reserved for Betas and Omegas, and not only his wrists but his ankles as well, and a steel contraption called a muzzle across his nose and mouth, preventing him from smelling, from speaking, or from biting. And they escorted him away.
into the atoms of the mirror, where the particle atom has more energy, for just a fraction of a second, and—”
He even came up with a handy chart to track his results, creating columns and boxes to keep track of each category, experiment, subject, scores, and general notes. Organized, methodical,
“While you were in the shower. Saw we were out and popped down to the corner store. Eggs, bread, beans, potatoes, and apples, too. All told, it was rather heavy.”
“It’s very, very uncharacteristic for an Alpha to hurt his or her Omega. But it does happen, John. And that’s usually a primary factor in Omegas disliking or fearing their approaching heats. But there are resources for abused Omegas, hotlines and safe houses, and bond disengagement therapies—”
of a pistol, and the cabbie flew back, and John ducked out of sight, heart racing but hands steady, and he knew with certainty that he would do it again, if he must. To protect this man he had just met, this incredibly brilliant and charming and captivating man, he would do it all over again, no matter the cost.
Finally, the doctor removed his gloves and left so John could redress. When he returned, he sat on a swivel stool across from him and said, “Well, Mr. Watson, I’ll be honest. You seem perfectly healthy to me. No signs of bruising or tearing or worrisome lumps or discoloration or oversensitivity or anything, really, to give a physician cause for concern. And you’ll forgive me for saying so, but your penis is not overly large. It’s average for a man of your stature. Perfectly healthy. All seems to be in order.”
to leave. He was medically cleared and able-bodied, so he was damn well walking out of there on his own. John shoved his feet into his shoes and laced them tight, shrugged into his jacket, and pulled his watch out of a little tray at his bedside table. But he noticed that the watch face had a water bubble inside, and the time was stuck at twelve o’clock, right down to the second-hand ticker. Broken. He put it on anyway.
The cold truth of it was, he had been hoping, just as Sherlock had believed himself, that there had been another case like theirs, that the
Careful never to lose sight of John in the mirror, lest he lose him entirely, John scrambled quickly to locate the same, and was relieved when he returned to the mirror and John was waiting for him, a message already scrawled in a familiar hand.
“Not relevant,” he said, sidestepping the question altogether. “Interest needs to happen on two ends, you know, and Sherlock, as far as I’ve observed, has never been with, well, anyone.”
John hugged Sherlock tightly, enjoying the comfort of their chests pressing together and sharing a single heartbeat. For a long while, they stood like that, John stroking Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock rubbing John’s back, and then John opened his eyes, and he saw himself in the mirror. But he was surprised to see just how splotchy his face looked, how red his eyes. He didn’t realize he had been crying.
Sherlock.” He sighed, almost dreamily. “Do you think he thinks about me at all, Sham Sherlock?” He snorted. “Sham Sherlock. Sham-lock. Shamrock. You’re a very handsome leprechaun, Shamrock.” He tee-heed some more and continued fluffing Sherlock’s hair.
John nodded. Then he pulled open the right side of the double doors, and both men slipped inside. John’s hands got fresh with the wall before he found the switch and illuminated the space. Still hanging on the illuminating boxes were his MRI scans, and he ran to those first, yanking the photographic paper off the wall and briefly attempting to tear them up, but he knew better. He would need scissors for this kind of work.
“Fine fine yeah I’m fine,” said John in a rush. Then he glanced down at the man writhing and gripping his thigh. Blood oozed between his fingers, and John went green. Quickly, he turned away to redirect his eyes.
Stunned silence followed. And while John’s chest rose and fell with infuriated breaths, Sherlock, who felt stunned to paralysis, saw Anthea out of the corner of his eye rising from her unobtrusive place on the end of the couch where she had been sitting quietly the whole time, knees pressed together, hands folded in her lap, as noticeable as furniture. But at John’s words, she swiftly found her feet as if obeying his command.
Two weeks. Sherlock pinpointed it to the day he had found John in his bedroom. He thought he was going to be sick.
A little wary, Sherlock slowly removed his scarf and coat while keeping a steady eye on John, who continued to type, unperturbed. As he crossed the floor, he tried to read the expression on John’s face, but from the side all he could see was a black-and-purple splotch, a memento from the night before. He needed to see him head-on. So he acquiesced and sat himself in the chair across the table, folded his hands in his lap, and waited.
about it? No more playing? No more teasing glances? No more innuendos? No more pretending this unspoken attraction to one another wasn’t sizzling under a cracking surface, ready to burst forth? But the expression on Sherlock’s face was anything but titillating.
All the same, the thought of Sherlock looking at him so closely made him feel a little funny. John was a conservative dresser by nature. He liked his collars buttoned and his shirts tucked. So by the time Sherlock reappeared in the sitting room, John had drawn the curtains closed and bolted the front door, just in case Mrs. Hudson decided to pop her head in and wish them both a happy New Year.
with remorse.  “Crawling into your flatmate’s bed and then throwing yourself on top of him in the middle of the night is
They went straight for the man with the cast, Sean, taking advantage of the handicap. With the other two Alphas already pouncing, they knew they would get only one quick shot at this, so it had to work. Sherlock slammed into Sean. But rather than let him fall, he pulled him down at the neck. John seized the man’s injured arm and wrenched it: two moves, and the humerus popped away from the scapula. Sean threw his head back and screamed in agony, and in the next second, Sherlock seized a leg, and with simultaneous action, twisted it clockwise while John rammed a knee into Sean’s groin. The impact, combined with the wrenching, dislocated the ball-shaped head of the femur from of the ball-shaped acetabulum of the pelvis. Then they dropped him, and Sean fell to the ground, writhing, and fully incapacitated. Approximately two seconds had passed.
The words bounced around his skull, seeking—or avoiding—translation. The other John, the Alpha’s John, in
“He didn’t jump,” Sherlock said instantly, and anger flashed in his eyes at the suggestion that John had been suicidal. “He fell.”
Slowly, Sherlock lifted his eyes. Had he heard correctly? Interpreted correctly? Strangely, he felt his heart pushing against his ribcage, as if it had only just learned to beat.
There was nothing for it: John followed. In truth, he wanted nothing more than to curl up, sink into a mattress, shroud himself in a duvet, and let unconsciousness take over so that, for a few hours at least, he could forget that this was his life now. The world he knew might as well have been a fiction: it was impossible to go back.
Sherlock made a curious humming noise and slowly broke the embrace. He rotated slowly. John kept a hand on his arm, and together, they faced the mirror, the one they had bought after the first was destroyed. There, on the other side, in a different universe, another Sherlock and John stood together, facing them.
With a laugh, and with adoration in his eyes, John scooted a little closer, knees knocking against Sherlock’s and then sliding between. “I do trust you.”
“I made the first move,” he said at last, though he neglected to mention what exactly that move had been. Even Lestrade didn’t need to know about how he’d splayed himself out naked on Sherlock’s bed as a surprise hello. “I think it startled him. Knowing I was, you know, interested. In him. Like that.”
“Stop it,” John said suddenly, unable to bear another word. His mouth had gone dry and he felt dizzy, like he might keel over.
John did wonder how that must work for them. He supposed that must be a problem, given Harry's inability to neutralize an Omega’s toxic hormones. But he had learned long ago not to question what went on in Harry's bedroom.
“You’re right, John,” Sherlock said at breakfast the next morning, breaking into his soft-boiled egg.
Sherlock sighed, conceding, but he looked none too happy about it. “Lately, things have just seemed . . . off. Between us.”
So when he caught John at the kitchen table writing up a shopping list, at the top of which was the word
