able to suss out the perp half-way through the show. John had pulled him close and kissed him on the head, telling him how
“OK, Sherlock, where are they?” John asked, as he desperately pawed through their shared underwear drawer.
he was and Sherlock had just smiled and snuggled closer, basking in the warmth of his husbands positive regard.
“NO, Sherlock, let’s not. Look, we’ll take in some of the attractions, maybe ride some rides…it’ll be fun!”
benefit, I assure you. I promised Kate that I would make you pay, and I will. Oh, will I!” Her laughter followed her out of the room.
robe before answering. A security guard asked if everyone was all right and reported on their course of action in regards to the errant guest. John filled in some minor details, leaving out Sherlock’s deliberate provocation, and the matter was settled. In fact, a few minutes later, an envelope with a voucher for a complimentary breakfast was slid under their door.
He half-lifted John to his feet, then threw him against the wall and refastened the cuffs again, tighter this time. John’s head lolled. “Good fighter. If he had been stronger, he would have posed a problem.” Sergei said as he rumpled John’s graying hair
Finally united in a common cause, the four ran toward the lightly-moored ship. Sherlock lagged behind to watch the two men as they ceased to battle and stood, staring at each other. One of them, in light robes, caught sight of Sherlock and waved flippantly. Sherlock shot him the finger.
Sherlock took a long sip of his iced tea (“Cold tea? These Americans can make a profanity out of anything!” he’d said, before ordering one) and stated, “Hudson. Brian and Harry. Sons of Myron and Martha Hudson, last seen in the Everglades over ten years ago, where they were, supposedly, fed to the alligators.”
He finally lifted his eyes up to meet Sherlock’s. “It got worse from there, Sherlock. My father...he turned his attentions to me.”
Delicately daubing his lips, Sherlock replied, “I think outside the box, Agent Doyle. You may consider  me to be an ‘odd duck’, but it
“Yeah, that’s right, isn’t it?” John suddenlysnarled at his brother-in-law. “Nobody’s as smart as the Holmes brothers. Except, maybe, the Holmes sister? Remember her? The
He scrubbed his hand over his face and sighed. “God, I hope you’re right, Ella. If I can get him to respond to me…God, I just want to see the old Sherlock again, snark and all.
“John,” Lestrade ventured as he held John up, “I think that, maybe, you should go home for a bit. Get some rest. It’s still so soon after...”
Sherlock looked away and replied, “The first time we met, I had just finished beating a corpse down in the morgue. How did you feel about that, when you found out?”
John and Sherlock both stared in awe at the little girl who suddenly seemed a whole lot older than her actual years.
who talks about my mum. I may shoot you in the face before we let the gators have you, and then we’ll come back after your buddy…”
A long, slender finger came to rest gently against Rosie’s cupid-bow lips as he shushed her. “Fleur, your daddy has demons...”
John could feel the sulk returning, so he countered with nuzzles, hugs, and kisses as he urged Sherlock to continue.
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up like a jet-powered lift. He blinked, repeatedly, as he assimilated this new data.
In his late 80’s, John Watson was tired. He was no longer the spry young man of his youth and his mental condition had begun to deteriorate. He talked to me constantly, much to the chagrin of his caretakers and doctors. They tried to have him sent to a retirement home but he refused. Before his death, Mycroft had arranged for a brilliant young attorney, one quite beyond reproach, to manage John’s affairs. He made sure John would able to stay at 221B for as long as he wanted to. After that, Mycroft had arranged for 221B to become a museum honoring Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson, Consulting Detectives.
I am an irresponsible man. I always have been. I am reckless with both my transport and increasingly my mind.  I have done things over this past four months John that would disgust you. The memories keep me from sleep even when my body requires it, even when all I want in the world is to lose myself in unconsciousness the recollections of my actions haunt me.
It’s not that John’s lust for Sherlock has faltered but his desperation has lessened and suddenly doubts are flooding him. He stumbles as Sherlock impatiently shoves at him to cross the threshold which he does.  He freezes on the other side of the door while Sherlock frees first himself and then wrestles John of their coats.
‘No I don’t want coffee, I want to know who’s doing this and why in reality you are so desperate for this to be true.’ He wasn’t certain he’d meant for the words to leave his mouth but the truth of the sentiment was clear both in his mind and in his tone. His moment of panic earlier, the declaration that Mycroft Holmes would not take custody of this child had surprised him but in truth it came more from the desire for this poor girl to be left in peace than anything else. Imagining the test she would be subjected to if there was even a hint that this story was true disturbed him. He didn’t need the guilt of another person’s life on his shoulders.
Mycroft raises his face to acknowledge the person joining them through the French doors, Anthea comes forwards holding out her tablet for Mycroft to see, he takes it off her before sighing deeply.  He nods once in response before the brunette spins and returns to Mycroft’s, whatever information the tablet holds it’s clearly not good news, John holds his curiosity back, forcing himself to keep his eyes fixed on the garden over his drinking companions shoulder rather than the illuminated screen the man is staring at,
John almost felt bad for the man when he saw Greg stifle a wince; he would have if he didn’t think the man was more embarrassed than upset. He had always taken that stupid woman back and John hoped he would break that cycle with Mycroft and never look back, because at least Mycroft gave a fuck.
Mycroft’s brain roared Moriarty’s name. His entire team had spent years trying to collate this amount of data about the crime lord’s upbringing, anything to find the weaknesses that would bring them onto the same level of play.
Not only that but he’d seen how it had made Mycroft relax, the man’s smiles had come quicker, his laughter had been louder and there had been occasions where their lunches or meetings would hold no mention of the detective or his blogger. Those had been Greg’s favourites, special to him because they made him believe he and the Politian could be friends, his gentle flirting and Mycroft’s steady wit had made him believe than perhaps they could possibly have been even more, if it hadn’t been for his marriage and Mycroft’s job. They never discussed the younger mans love life but Greg had chosen to believe it was nonexistent, how could it be if he was always drifting off to solve the world’s problems.
“Once upon a time, in a city not far from here, there lived a sad Knight. He had been injured in a big battle and the King told him he couldn’t fight anymore. The Knight didn’t know what to do with himself and so he filled every one of his days with the same things. He would sleep, he would eat, he would write and he would walk. The city had beautiful parks and gardens and the Knight liked to take himself through them every day.”
“What is there to be at sea about; you’re both adults. For what it’s worth I don’t think you need to date. I mean you should go on some, treat the man to a nice dinner or something but really you’re kind of intense to be dating. Just you know, be together, in a relationship, prescribe a title if you need one but if not then just do what makes you happy. But seriously mate: how kinky are we talking?”
Peter Wilmer had already confessed to being Paul, who knew his way around Copernicus backwards and forwards. Together with his wife, he'd gotten rid of his twin brother Peter and taken on his identity. Verena Wilmer admitted that she'd threatened Mary. Mary and her husband had run into each other at Holloway and recognised each other. As a consequence, Verena had wanted to pay two inmates to keep Mary under wraps, and use her for leverage. Mary was supposed to warn Sherlock over the phone, but she'd been shot when Rose turned up with a gun and one of the other women lost her nerve.
Then they gave in, relinquished all control and made love. Followed the desire of their bodies, unquestioning and straightforward. With their arms still around each other, they removed their clothing, fevered, drew their naked bodies together, their hard groins pressed against each other. The object of their longing. Closeness, no holds barred. Communion on the edge of control. They ground against each other in their delirium, intimate, greedy. Each letting the other pull them to the precipice and beyond, reckless, drunk on each other. A union beyond anything that could be named. John covered Sherlock's mouth with his hand when his friend followed him in an unbridled climax.
"Peter? Peter's dead. He was the first victim," John countered. "The question is: who killed him, and why?"
"Their escape was probably planned well in advance," John speculated. "Valerie Beatty died six months ago. Eleonore Beatty wanted to sue me for malpractice and retained her brother's lawyer. Her complaint was rejected. The medical board found I had acted to the best of my knowledge and ability. That was three months ago. Beatty must have started planning to take Rosie at that point."
He thought of John when he played this movement. Dreamt of a deep peace. Of comfort. Of security. Of trust and devotion. He thought of John when the two melodies touched and danced around each other, reached into each other and merged. In those moments, his heart clenched, pain and longing flowing into his instrument, into his bow, and from there into the music. Eurus heard it. She could read his thoughts. He had no doubt about that. But she didn't say anything, didn't ask. She provided the second voice, yet remained mute herself.
"Good." Sherlock was satisfied. "Gerome's been busy. One message to the brotherhood and the gems turned up on their own."
The men unfolded them carefully, examined them thoroughly. They discussed something in French. John understood enough to know they'd found what they were looking for. They took two of the maps and left the third on the table. One of the bodyguards spoke into a radio, ordering the helicopters back. Jean re-packed John's backpack. The Frenchman nodded to John, satisfied.
"We'll work on it," she said. She got up, cleared away the bread and cheese, and took them into the cabin.
It lasted four days and nights. Then it was time for John's mission. Lestrade had managed to get a court order requiring the doctor to cooperate. John had met with her, studied the patient files and discussed the expected treatments and work that would need to be done during his two-day assignment. Rose had gone through Holloway's floor plan with John, and he had memorised it. He received instruction on the basic technical aspects of the Copernicus satellite and took the mobile phone and doctor's bag that had been prepared for him, which concealed a tracking device, a camera, and a gun.
"This spider here's actually too small for a tattoo," the man said. His voice was deep, rich and friendly. "If a client came to me wanting to have this, I'd tell them to reconsider. Look, a tattoo occupies a permanent spot on your body, and ninety percent of the time I'd have to cover up something tiny like that with something bigger later on. You can hardly see it. Even if it looks nice."
"This time both of us together," John whispered in Sherlock's ear when renewed heat flared up between them following a passionate kiss.
They both stood up and left the circular ritual space. Martin extinguished the candle and put it back on the little table. They first walked around the outer circuit again, going through the descriptions of the archetypes.
The man took the potatoes. Then a painful grip on John's bicep. The man pulled him away from the stand, hard and rough. Dragged him out of the market, across concrete slabs through the snow flurries and icy wind. So fast that John could barely keep up. The grip on his arm strong and unyielding. John lost all sense of direction. An abandoned side street, where he was shoved up against the wall of a building. Only then did the man let go. John stared into the face in front of him.
"Okay. I get it. I'll try to cover you." Lestrade sat down on one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs, sighing, and dragged one hand over his face. "So. Who's this Ethan Tierney?"
Purposeful and loving, he thought for a moment and smiled wanly. Maybe it was easier to love the glorified memory of a dead man than this Sherlock who was always on the go and not particularly polite.
Quite a lot of alcohol was consumed, and after most of the women with children had gone home, the rest of the guests sat around the fire for a long time, drinking whiskey, telling stories about the village and the heroes and witches that had lived there. It was morning when John and Sherlock collapsed into bed, half dead. The cottage was a ruin and smelled of people, onions and sage. John and Sherlock had never been to a party like that before. It left in its wake a sense of having been accepted and welcomed, of belonging. An experience that overwhelmed both of them and made them happy in a new, heretofore unknown way.
"Everything that's happened. Between him and you. With you. With the brotherhood. With him and his partner. With me."
That was in about twenty minutes. A lighthouse in a stormy sea. Dr Kenny. John wouldn't have known what to do otherwise. He had lost all sense of orientation, didn't know what to do with himself or with what had happened. He was grateful for this opportunity. The only opportunity he saw.
Love heals. Allowing love, heals. It's harder to accept love than it is to give it. I suspected that would be true. I am only now discovering John's love. Allowing it to seep through to me. It's different than I thought it would be. You can't rationalise love. You can only give it room and make space for it. Open the pathways for it and see which direction it flows. And be amazed. Amazed at what happens when you do. When you let that which flows, flow. John's love is a complex stream on many levels. It is old and wordless, like mine.
"There's a church ceremony to marry Christ?" Sherlock's voice and expression relayed fairly clearly what he thought of that.
Sherlock had placed the sonata back on the bed and watched John closely. He didn't know how to care for a clarinet.
"How can I help?" Ethan asked as he serenely poured tea into the cups, passing milk and sugar to his guests.
he gasped. Then he screamed. A lone scream, releasing his desperation into the room. A long, drawn-out cry that made the hairs on the back of John's neck stand up.
Hot breath in John's ear. John gasped. The offer sucked him into a vortex of lust. Sherlock. If it happened, then with Sherlock. He couldn't do this to Sherlock. He would never be able to look him in the eye again. Never. He couldn't love Sherlock and have sex with Martin. John struggled doggedly against his own body. Martin didn't do anything, just held him, waiting, struggling with his own arousal. But it didn't work. It was as if the chamber were breathing the heat in and out with them, as if everything in the magical darkness were working toward what needed to happen.
Sherlock glanced over at Rose, who was looking pensive as she sat on one of the desks. Their eyes met. Sherlock knew she was able to follow his line of thinking, and draw the right conclusions. If what he suspected was true, she'd led Mary right into the lion's den rather than protecting her.
His thoughts were still circling around the telephone call with Mary; he kept replaying it in his head, over and over, focussing on every second, trying to memorise it, to recall every detail. The sounds in the foreground and in the background. In his head, Sherlock examined every layer of what he'd heard while the paramedic put a pressure bandage on his arm and laid a line in the back of his hand.
"Whom he wouldn't name. Whom he wouldn't name to US. And with whom he didn't live, just like most of the priests and their partners. His flat looked strikingly unlived-in. Where did he spend all his time?"
After that, they'd showered, relaxed in the spa area of the clinic, and eaten a bite together. Two hours break and then the therapeutic bath. Nora had set it up for them then left them alone. The two of them, alone in the closed spa area. After hours. The hot thermal waters, two bathtubs right next to each other, the air steamy and aromatic with herbal essences. They lay dozing beside each other in their tubs, submerged in the hot water, utterly relaxed and at peace, their hands intertwined on the tiled wall between them.
John's lips were a thin, grim line. His eyes walled off. A thick layer of glass. Impenetrable. A jab right in Sherlock's heart. The soldier. Withdrawn. Tough. Unapproachable.
Sherlock's response was likewise a whisper, choked: "Yes, it is. I hope you finally understand." The faint undertone of impatience and relief was clear.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, John. She gave you the thumb drive with all the information, remember? YOU were the one who destroyed it. YOU didn't want to know anything about her past."
No competition? Sherlock's heart clenched uncomfortably. Something in his gut churned. Everyone was competition when it came to John. He was annoyed that he'd added the winking smiley to his text, making it look like he'd meant it as a joke. He was serious. Much more serious than John might suspect. Much more serious than he himself wanted to accept. He hated it when John dated women. He couldn't figure out John's relationships with women, had no control over what happened to John with them. He didn't trust the whole thing. It scared him, that John might leave him, move out of the flat they shared at some point, move in with a woman, maybe marry her, have a family, leave Sherlock behind.
We performed the actual act off the bed, as our movements transferred to the bedstead and from there to the wooden floor. My Doctor stabilised himself by holding fast to the ceiling beam while I moved inside him, stirred by my passion. My hands stroked the raw wood, then John's skin, both aroused and irritated by the difference in the textures, the strange roughness and the warm softness. Overwhelmed by the unrestrained lust in my loins.
"There's something else," John eventually said. "I threatened to kill you last night. I apologise for that. I was under the influence of drugs; desperate and angry. I was out of my mind. Out of control."
Were they loving past each other? The notion preoccupied Sherlock. That remark of John's. Were they loving past each other, and therefore always needing someone to corral and moderate their love?
John bars the door behind him and tosses his clothes across the chair. He is laughing. Out of breath. We bundled ourselves in the towels and ran into the house, fleeing the strong gusts that swept abruptly through the garden, tearing leaves from the trees and pelting us with the first hailstones. We grabbed our clothes and ran breathlessly up the stairs to the attic space. It is dark there, as if night has fallen. Lightning and thunder outside. The storm is raging in the trees, rattling the roof and howling in the chimney. Hissing, roaring, raving and causing havoc. Hail pelts the shingles directly above our heads, a deafening sound.
"John? What are you doing?" Sherlock gasped in shock when John placed Sherlock's cock against his entrance and slowly inserted it. Very slowly.
John's blind rage. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment to shield himself from it, to distance himself. His heart was pounding painfully. It hurt. It would be better to leave until John had calmed down. Sherlock took a deep breath. Then he stood up, trying to catch John's eye.
They'd taken a taxi to a rendezvous point, where they'd been picked up by Mycroft's limousine. There, they'd been blindfolded. They'd driven for a long time, somewhere outside of London. Sherlock had tried to memorise the direction, but they'd taken detours and gone in circles, and he'd eventually given up. After more than an hour, they'd ended up in an underground car park, where they'd taken a lift upstairs, still blindfolded. Corridors. The smells of paper, cleaning supplies, millet, and apples. The cries of children. A brief stop. Mycroft's voice whispering, a woman's voice whispering back. Then a room. The door was closed behind them. It smelled of milk and vanilla, with an unfamiliar, sweet scent mixed in. Birds were chirping somewhere. Mycroft took their masks off.
John exhaled noisily through his nose and got up, took a few steps back and forth. "We could have talked about plans for the future earlier, couldn't we? Before you went and arranged everything." John's annoyance was clearly audible.
"We didn't know anything about the Chalice when we questioned Callum," Linda said. "And he didn't mention it of his own accord."
Sherlock released the last tie, pulled the open strait jacket forward, and pushed John back against the wall by his shoulders. He was heavy and bleary.
"No, it's fine," John said, sounding preoccupied. He put the picture into his jacket and got up to leave. "See you later then."
John's fingers gently squeezed Sherlock's hand. He smiled, doubtless having taken note of Sherlock's stiffness and confusion, and correctly interpreted the reason for it.
Musgrave. Eurus had brought him back here. He himself had forgot and blocked out this place from his early childhood. Now the burnt-down house with the fake graves was part of his memory again. Things he wanted to let go of but not forget.
"Don't be so mathematical, Sherlock. It's a rhetorical percentage, all right? I just don't have any reason to distrust him."
"No," John admitted. "I've never seen this kind of cross before. It's pretty. Nice proportions. Elegant and understated. Very aesthetically pleasing."
Boring. Standard attempt at misdirection. Why was Grainsburgh's girlfriend trying so hard to implicate his friend and co-worker, Sam? She must have a motive. And she was mixed up in it. She was the lead to follow. Not Sam.
Sherlock had turned back around. A warm stream of breath at John's ear. Familiar smell. John closed his eyes and tried to relax. He felt for Sherlock under the blanket. A firm, wiry hand closed around his and held onto it. It was fine, everything was fine. Just a little different. They'd moved to the country, that was all. Sussex. A new phase of their life. It was all right. They were together. They'd gotten old. They couldn't chase down criminals until they were eighty. It had to end sometime. Keeping bees. Taking care of the garden. Harvesting apples. Why not? He'd get used to it.
Sherlock. The door that had suddenly opened. Fate, which had turned a new page in the book of life, paving the way to a whole new universe. It took his breath away. He was afraid of this new chapter that started with Sherlock and included him. He couldn't avoid it; he didn't want to. He was being roped into it, like a spider wraps up its prey in order to drain it later with a deadly bite. And yet. It was still his story. His own. And Sherlock's. A new, strong, deeply meaningful story. A story that was both weighty and weighted.
An expanse of crushed rock. The Rosenlaui bivouac perched up to the left like a swallow's nest in the midst of the solitude. A peculiar structure. John couldn't imagine anyone willingly spending the night there.
"The big one's ten, the wee one's six. They take care of themselves. I'm often out on the field fairly early and my wife off to market. They have to see to things themselves."
Greg took a deep breath. He leaned forward with both arms on the table in front of John, looking down at him. His deep blue eyes searched John's. Behind them, his mind was at work. John could see it. Lestrade was anything but happy about the situation. He was in the midst of an internal struggle. But he was going to say yes. John was certain of that. The Detective Inspector had no other choice. And Sherlock's plan was well thought-out.
He stood on the gravel-lined square in front of the fountain, his hands clenched into rock-hard fists. His heart was racing and raging, yet it was completely empty. He was unable to formulate a single thought. He didn't understand anything anymore. And he was afraid. Terribly afraid that everything was over. That he'd never be able to forgive what he'd heard. He felt helpless and abandoned. But he recalled Dr Kenny's words:
John stared at Sherlock's hand with the key. He was unable to lift his own hand. He was paralysed. His legs began to shake. It took all his strength to remain standing. Sherlock was wearing a ring. A plain gold ring. On his fourth finger.
John shook his head firmly. "My leg hurts and I'm tired, Sherlock. I haven't done anything else the last five days other than climb all the bloody mountains in the area. Rosenhorn, Tschingel, Engelhörner, Balmeregghorn, Hochstollen."
"It's the Magician," Martin said softly. "It's the acknowledgment of an alternate reality. What are you missing here, John?"
The traffic outside. Cars. Buses. People. Noise. Heat. Smells. Hustle and bustle. He needed quiet. Quiet and time. Lots of time. Time to think. Time for himself. Time for him and John. He needed to get his priorities in order. Whatever was necessary for survival first. Sherlock closed his eyes again. John. The ground beneath his feet. Everything else was unimportant.
"It's not enough for us to see each other once in a while, Sherlock," he said softly. "We've begun a romantic relationship. You do realise that?"
They stopped somewhere along the lakeshore. Sherlock had left the path and walked across the grass to the bank. A couple of ducks were cleaning their feathers under a willow tree, preparing for the night. The water was choppy and restless. John and Sherlock looked out at the uneven surface whipped up by the November wind. They stood so close together that they touched.
They'd left the window wide open. The coolness of the oxygen-rich summer's night. So different than nights in London. The waterfall nearby. The smell of mossy damp and rock. John had crawled under the warm comforter. Listened to the alpine surroundings, breathed in the freshness and the roaring of the waters. Sherlock tossed and turned in the bed next to him.
"I'll make it to the exit," Sherlock said. He looked into John's beautiful eyes and smiled. Was surprised to realise that he was smiling, that there was light and optimism inside him. For the first time in a long while.
John forced himself to take measured breaths and relax. He was a soldier. No one slept easy before a battle. Everyone was scared. But there was also that knowledge, that trust that it was okay. Even if you didn't sleep. The body would produce enough adrenaline for whatever needed to be done out there, even without enough sleep. You could rely on that. John could rely on that. No soldier made a calculation measuring up life or death. Whatever happened, happened. John wasn't afraid for himself.
Conley continued praying for him. Slowly, word by word. Words that the broken man on the floor sometimes muttered along, sometimes cried out abruptly, his voice hoarse, tripping over itself:
John gathered up all of his strength and brushed Sherlock's dried-out lips with his mouth one last time. He could no longer speak. His gums were dried up and his brain refused to work. It was all fine. They were together.
Sherlock took slow, deep breaths, set aside both the instrument and the bow, and wrote the variation down on the staff paper. As he wrote, he looked into the grey eyes. Then he played through what he'd written. Several times. Again and again. Listened, looked into the grey eyes inside him, made alterations, rejected, added, corrected, refined. The variation started out light-hearted and smiling, a cheerful dance that led into an unexpectedly dark middle section, a confusing, foreign yet familiar tune, ending with the high whistle tone and then, hesitant at first, picked up the smile again, repeated it without attaining the innocent gaiety of the first part again. There was no turning back as if nothing had happened.
. On the bed lay Stamitz, Händel, Mozart, Kummer, Spohr. Sherlock looked over the setting as if it were a crime scene. The facts allowed only one conclusion.
Sometimes when Sherlock came home exhausted and lay down to sleep while John was at the office, the bed smelled of him and Sherlock slept deeply and peacefully. Some nights, when Sherlock was home, John slipped in with him. Sherlock couldn't figure out what was happening. It was a strange ritual of intimacy, perhaps an alternative to what they didn't – and couldn't – share. It confused and astonished Sherlock how important that detail had become between them, even as it remained unspoken. A seismograph of their relationship. An unsuspected source of happiness and contentment. Because John was there, and he was staying. In every respect.
The next moment, Sherlock was rushing up the stairs, torch in hand. John followed him. As soon as they were outside, Sherlock turned the key in the lock of the old wooden door. The priest, who had followed them up, tugged at the handle and knocked on the door from the other side.
The blue open and attentive, transparent as glass. Sherlock's gaze boring into John's. A long time. Searching. John allowed it. Let Sherlock examine him. Verify. Probe. Deeply.
So many texts and missed calls on John's phone. Sherlock had been trying to reach him, but John had left his phone in his room. It was midnight when he returned from the church.
"I know. No one could help noticing. You were tapping away at your phone through the entire ceremony."
Sergej shook his head. "I thought so too," he said, "but you were already at the hospital when I received the tip about the incinerator from the Koreans. Someone had already alarmed the fire brigade and ambulance."
It sounded colder than he'd intended. Sherlock looked up, his expression both questioning and incredulous.
Sherlock had examined the scene of the crime and all of the evidence before the officers from the Suffolk Constabulary arrived. A full team. Forensics technicians. Homicide squad. Although it wasn't a homicide yet, from a legal standpoint. Martin was alive. At the moment anyway. Was he the missing victim in the circle of archetypes? The bar was on the east side, in the sign of the Lover. Did that mean the circle was now closed?
The bundle in his arms was warm and damp and smelled of baby powder, and Sherlock knew right then that he could forget his original plan to fight his way out, run off and alert Lestrade. The child made him defenseless. The man with the gun grinned. The little girl watched the men with interest, sucking on her fingers and drooling.
His kiss was hot and intimate, and I surrendered to it. Greedy for his skin. For him. For his soul. For everything he was. For John Watson. And then we hesitated after all. In a turmoil, wrapped around each other, our hands already on the other's bare skin. We hesitated and looked at each other. We were aroused, breathing each other in, deep and desperate. But we pulled apart and looked into each other's eyes.
Sherlock had accepted the offer to stay at John's place temporarily. It wasn't a decision he'd put much thought into. John had offered and he'd said yes. The heady image of John coming home every evening. Coming to where he was. With Rosie. That the three of them would spend the night together. Banded together. Each in their own bed, but together in the flat. Each within reach of the others.
The clockmaker's studio wasn't hard to find. Unlike all the other shops in the area, it didn't display any goods for sale in the window. Instead, the shop window was completely filled with the huge face of an old church clock. The massive hands stood at five minutes to twelve. That was all. No way of peeking inside the shop. The door was made of solid wood. Heavy. The interior was tiny. A table with a couple of chairs. A lamp. A collection of clocks from various eras and regions hanging on the wall.
"It's more than that," Gerome said. "The men cross over a ritual boundary which forges a connection between them and death. They give up their mortal life in order to become one with the Most High Trinity."
"No, sir. Someone would have noticed, and it wouldn't have been very smart besides. The men lock their dogs up when they do the shearing. Stray dogs make the sheep uneasy."
Sherlock didn't reply to that, instead raising the fingers of one hand. It might have meant 'Yes, fine,' or it might have meant 'Fuck off'. You never knew with him.
Sherlock searched John's eyes for the span of a few heartbeats, then lowered his gaze. His fingertips touched the base of his wine glass, stroked it absent-mindedly. He seemed to be thinking about something.
Sherlock wiped the moisture from his face with the back of his hand. He needed to talk to Ella. He had found the nucleus.
The photograph was of the body of a young man, a student. John leaned his shoulder against Sherlock as he leafed through the autopsy report. Sherlock wasn't sure whether John was even aware of it. But Sherlock noticed. He didn't react to it, didn't move away. It was nice. Having John close was nice. John's warmth seeped through to Sherlock's body. He was more aware of it than ever, since that hug. He longed for John's warmth. In every sense of the word.
Mrs Walton is an easy-going woman, and her husband has gone to help another farmer, a friend of his, with shearing the sheep. He will not be home any time soon. There are no children we might startle. Mrs Walton brings us curd soap, a scrub brush, towels, and a bucket with which we can haul the water.
‘Mycroft I think you’re panicking, we will be going out tomorrow because frankly your niece needs things and I want to spoil her but we don’t need an escort and she doesn’t need security. I won’t be letting her out of my sight.’
Ordinary in appearance and mundane in the image she presents to the public but she is in fact extraordinary or perhaps I should say she comes from an extraordinary family.
‘I apologise for leaving you alone Gregory, I just finished on the phone with the Prime Minister, he sends his condolences for your teams loss but praised all your actions as exemplary police work’ Greg doesn’t miss the slight sneer in his voice when he says the word exemplary. He feels his defences rise, he won’t have anyone bad mouthing his team, no matter how important that person may be to him, he’s about to state outright that his team IS exemplary when Mycroft continues, ‘the man wouldn’t be able to be sincere if it was his own family grieving, your team succeeded in bringing down a criminal group responsible for numerous global atrocities Gregory, don't mistake me we’re discussing mass rape, killings, drug trafficking, people trafficking, child enslavement at this point and all the man has to say is, he’s sorry for your loss but good job on sorting out my mess. The woman was in her twenties and her life was forfeit because the bastard refuses to let me do my job! He interfered with my investigation because he thought I was too close to the edge after Sherlock and now, because of his stupidity, a young girl is dead.’ Mycroft’s breathing heavily now, one hand pressed against the glass of the window as he leans his head down. Greg can hear the guilt in his tone that would match his own, he doesn’t see how a moment of this is Mycroft’s fault but he also doesn’t understand what he’s talking about, the group they were after were big, yes, but there had been no indication of anything bigger than London, nothing indicating what Mycroft is talking about.
Mycroft drew closer to the man and matched his volume. “Enlighten me, Mr Mitrović, what are we going to talk about?”
‘I didn’t know if you’d seen or would have heard anything. I wanted to know if he was alright; he was always so good to Sherlock and so polite when he had to come for those drug busts. He never asked about my soothers you know.’
He stops in the centre of the city on his way home six hours later. He spends a truly ridiculous amount of money and goes back to Baker Street wondering if he's about to make a fool of himself.
“What do you say then, Myc?  Your army is ready and willing. Time to go run the world, don’t you think.”
‘Apparently she’s not liking toast this morning Mrs. Hudson so I’d hazard a guess at contrary’ John said. He moved to grab his daughters hand lightly as she tried to have her egg join the toast on the floor. ‘Sometimes I think we need a dog.’ It’s a wistful thought; it’s not as if there’s a great deal of free room in their flat and Mina is only going to grow and accumulate more belongings. A dog is hardly practical, even if it would cut down on his floor clean up.
“Mina, poppet, do you want any more of this doughnut?” Mrs Hudson offered the treat to Mina where she sat atop Greg’s shoulders.
That’s the question really, the paranoid voice in his subconscious chanting Intruder, Intruder, Intruder, but his conscious mind, the more rational side doesn’t believe there is, Mina’s room is clear at least and  his own was as well,
“Yes you did, but not before Sherlock made himself more interesting., He got clean, removed the chemicals that were tainting him. He became pure to the boss’ eyes. Devoid of the human condition your brother became fascinating and therefore dangerous. But the boss, you see, he rather liked danger, a hint of spice in his dull little life. Your brother was that spice. Until he got dulled and, therefore, dull until he became a vigilante; a paragon of goodness, a hero.” Mitrović snarled around the word hero before he spat on the floor.  Mycroft watched the globule of spit land with disinterest. Unlike Moriarty’s upbringing, nothing about these tales was new. Sherlock had snarked about the man often enough over the months preceding his death for these stories to feel repetitive to Mycroft.
Mitrović answered quietly, the man’s voice lighter than Mycroft had anticipated, his accent highly prominent.
‘I’ll think about it, thank you, for everything I think we’ll be set up for a while now,’ he tries his most charming smile but thinks he might just look tiered, he certainly feels it.
‘That sounds awful Greg, how’s work reacted? You’re not in any trouble are you?’ John was already thinking of which favours he'd have to call on Mycroft with in order to straighten out this mess, although remembering the furtive glances the two had been sending each other the last time they'd been together perhaps he'd need do no more than inform Mycroft of the problem.
‘I have no idea honestly, I’ve never been around them together, well except on cases sometimes, but then Sherlock and Mycroft would always engage in their constant battle of wills and believe me any sexual tension would have been destroyed by the frigidity of their stares.’
‘Wait but you can’t she’ll need you.’ He followed her as she re-entered the living room, collecting her small black bag she removed two more folders and placed them on the coffee table.
‘I do not pretend to know John, I cannot imagine he would have allowed her to exist within the place she did. Perhaps he lost track of the mother during his stay and believed them missing? We will never know what we do know is that in a short amount of time delivery men will be arriving to remove a bed from one of the bedrooms. Your daughter is going to need a bedroom and you will need your space.  If you allow Anthea the key to your current residents she will arrange for your belongings to be brought here.’
‘I will take your silence as a no John, Gregory do you need to return to the station or are you staying for this tale? I must admit it is not a very long one.’
Greg dove for the glove compartment while Francis gaped at John. Greg pulled his hand out a moment later holding a small semi-automatic pistol and a cartridge of ammo.
So Moran. Moran's family. Germany. Drugs. No current overt links the wider syndicate but wherever Moran situates himself the web follows. Crime lords are soon to descend on Germany John and I won't throw away my shot.
The main course was accompanied by Siger’s tales of growing up in the countryside and his rejection of the family plan, he had never wanted to be a politician, had no desire to hold any power, his two brothers had done slightly better for themselves in his grandfather’s eyes but  none of them had shown much of a desire for a life outside of their chosen professions, Mycroft saw the flash of recognition in John’s eyes when his father laughed at how they’d all referred to themselves as being ‘married to their work’.
I have imagined kissing you so often John. It happens in a myriad of ways. Sometimes it is soft and gentle; just a brush of lips, sometimes it is harder and fierce; one of us finally losing control and allowing that pulse of passion to engulf us. But more often it is somewhere in between; we sit together on the sofa, one of those rare occasions you coax me into eating a full meal, and I am lethargic in my dressing gown next to you. Perhaps you stretch your arm out along the back of the sofa as they do in those terrible movies you occasionally watch while intoxicated or more likely I am the one to move closer to finally give in to my impulses and lay my head upon your shoulder. I would rest there in the glow cast by our nineties monstrosity of a television and consider how to best proceed.
‘John, wait I want to give you one of these.’ She passes him a flyer, it’s been adorned with a rainbow and reads; White Rabbit’s Toddler Music Sessions! ‘They’re every first and third Saturday of the month, loads of people come along and we play the drums and sing and all sorts, please think about coming, I think you and Mina might really like it’ John can’t bring himself to say no and really it might be good to socialise with other parents, his support network right now consists of three people and none of them have child care experience,
“Sherlock?” John moans as he can feels his own erection rub against the cotton of his boxers every time Sherlock rocks against him and pushes him forward onto his toes.  John slaps a palm against the wood of the door making the knocker shake and starts to push back against Sherlock.
When he’d found her in that place, hiding behind a rat infested cupboard he’d sworn to himself he’d look after her, she was so young, the youngest they’d found so far and there was so much wrong with someone so small, precious and innocent being somewhere so full of the smells of death. The idea of her witnessing half the activities they’d already known had taken place in the den made him feel physically sick and all that was before he learnt her parentage. His sadness had only increased as he imagined informing Mycroft of his niece’s existence, he knew he’d blame himself for her condition and for her having lived without their influence for so long.
“Are you supposed to be intimidating me Greg? Because it won’t work. You’re too much of a fucking coward to scare me Gregory Lestrade.” Unlike Mycroft’s use of his name, the sound of it coming out of Denise’s mouth filled him with nothing but pain. How had they gotten to be this fucked up? How had he let it continue to the point where they hated each other this fucking much?
“Can the nonsense, Francis, just tell us why Mycroft doesn’t want us to know before we make it to Northaw?”
‘Dr Watson, I am pleased to inform you that I see no just reason why you cannot become legal guardian and adoptive parent to one Mina Louise Watson Holmes,  papers will be drawn up in the next few days to carry out a full and legal adoption in the courts. Any and all inheritance she is entitled to is to be held in trust for her, until such a time as yourself and her trusts executor Mycroft Holmes, deem it necessary, although legally it will be impossible for her to have full access until she turns eighteen, before this time an account will be set up in your name which will provide a living expense for the child. Do you have any questions regarding the details of this agreement?’
‘Holy Sh..’ he realises at the last minute that Mina is still In his arms chewing the ear of the cuddly Ewok and not caring in the slightest that John thinks he might just have walked into his teenage self’s version of nirvana. When he was growing up it was Harry who had filled the house with rock music, head banging with her friends until their mother would scream, she’d been the rebel with piercings, tattoos, late night parties and one very memorable excursion with acid which had put John off recreational drugs for life, he on the other hand had lost himself in worlds of science fiction and fantasy until fourteen when he’d also discovered a love for rugby. He’d lost himself in worlds of heroes and absolute truths when the reality of home had gotten so ugly, his mother and Harry so similar it could be volatile he’d had to play peacekeeper on more occasions than he cared to remember, but stood here surrounded by Star Trek and Star Wars play sets, board games from the Princess Bride, Labyrinth and Cowboys Vs Indians he’s reminded of the heroes and escapes of his youth. He found solitude and peace in these stories.
John smiles and follows him out of the greenhouse, once they're outside John’s surprised by how dark it’s become, he surreptitiously checks his watch and realises they passed near enough three quarters of an hour examining the plants, they walk across the lawn at a gentle pace, John wonders what the garden looks like in the day light or the summer, he imagines it to be a great place for entertaining. Mycroft most likely holds grand gatherings complete with servers and pristine white marquees but he thinks the place would be perfect for a barbecue and bonfire party, he hasn't thrown anything of the sort since being a teenager and the memories of well spent summers  make him silently glad for his slightly rougher upbringing than he imagines the Holmes family provided Mycroft and Sherlock, he can’t imagine the lithe and graceful teen in the photo albums he found spending summer holidays playing football in the park and invading the woods to have bonfires. He hopes at least that Sherlock had friends but everything he knows would suggest not.
‘Hey so is there anything else I can help you with, from your reaction I’m guessing these kind of represent you but what about this little one or your partner? Did you mention her father earlier? What does he like?’ It’s more awkward than he’d like it to be, he’s not sure how to explain Sherlock and he’s not comfortable going into the details of Mina’s adoption with a stranger no matter how wonderful her taste in products is,
His brother had been born at home, through what he now knows was a difficult labour, his mother suffering for twenty hours before the doctors even contemplated moving her to a hospital, in the end it was too late and William Sherlock Scott Holmes was born in his parents’ bedroom, small and screaming. His mother had been rushed to hospital soon after for blood loss.
‘I’ll hold you to that’ Greg grins in response to Mycroft’s, they’re stood here, Greg with his trousers mostly undone, shirt slightly stained with his release and Mycroft, one hand slightly damp from bringing Greg off, tie askew and hair dishevelled. Greg reckons that If he could look into a mirror at this moment he’d find his neck covered in tiny marks, he thinks he can feel them branding his skin, it’s a good thing no one else will be seeing him shirtless any time soon or there’d likely be questions, but there’s only one question Greg needs an answer to at this moment,
‘Good afternoon Mycroft, I’m afraid Mina is asleep.’ While John moved off the floor Mycroft checked his watch,
Sending Greg off with his list and instructions to try and find some baby cutlery and bowls, he wondered what exactly Mycroft considered so amusing. John had never seen his eyes shine in the way he was now. He wondered quickly at what point he’d started seeing past Mycroft’s mask, he thought it might be after the confrontation on his doorstep but he tried valiantly to block that memory from his mind. In the future John would look at this moment as the first in a long line of hints that Mycroft never had been the Ice Man Moriarty believed him to be.
‘We should probably talk about this,’ Greg mutters before returning his gaze to the man above him, Mycroft’s smile is broader now, he intertwines their fingers,
The rest of the day is spent finishing the reports he’d started earlier, while he’s finishing the one that concerns Mina he decides to call John when he finishes work, he’s wondered about the little girl today. It concerned him that she’d been so scared of him; he hoped the response wouldn’t last. It had made it all the worse when she’d taken so readily to Mycroft, not that he was jealous of the man having a relationship with his niece but he’d held her so naturally he’d felt a deep pull of something in his gut that made him uncomfortable. He knew his friends were still mourning the loss of their friend and brother but seeing their easy love of this girl made him miss the warm looks he’d grown used to receiving from the elder Holmes brother. He understood that there were few people on the planet that knew the softer Mycroft Holmes, he was glad he got to see the man share it with someone new, someone new that all three of them would all hold precious.
“Mycroft, Mycroft Holmes?” John asked, trying to keep his grin under wraps but as Greg started to look indignant John was forced to cover a snort of laughter with a sneeze.
‘But how can that be me and Sherlock were together for nearly that long and I never saw a woman anywhere near him. He said he was married to his work Mycroft. I just don’t understand this.’ John had been barely following the conversation his mind full of girl’s names;
“So you did some thinking about what would make you happy, alright, what decision did you make?” John tried not to sound patronising, he wasn’t certain he succeeded in it.
“Nope, because it gets better, Greg, because I didn’t say anything, not because I didn’t know how I felt. I bloody knew alright. I knew I loved him, but I repressed it because I was ashamed of being bisexual. I was ashamed because my wanker of a dad was a homophobe and my mother was no better and I had to watch my sister go through that shit and come out the other side a mess of an alcoholic.”
“Nah, this isn’t right. I want the house. The other bullshit I don’t care. But the house I want.” His solicitor had advised that selling and dividing the profits would be the most prudent but Greg didn’t know if he honestly cared anymore.
‘I know more about babies? Do you know how many I’ve looked after in the last week alone,’ Lisa leans forward and places her finger in Mina’s fist, ‘I don’t know this little one, not really, I know what the doctors told me and what we tell every new parent.’
Mycroft nods and the silence between the starts to edge towards awkward, he doesn’t know what reassurances to give, he wants to explain that it’s nothing like when Sherlock was ill or danger nights because he thinks that might be where the panic stems from, but before he can even think about how to frame the topic the baby monitor lights up and they hear Mina upstairs, her panics are the most vocal she gets, John’s been reading every journal he can in the moments he has to himself but none of them contain enough information about how to handle what to him seems like a panic attack, he’s concerned it’s a manifestation of separation anxiety but whenever he thinks that he feels the irrational need to cling to Mina and never put her down, he knows that would be unhealthy, as such he has refrained from his impulses and not moved her crib into Sherlock’s room,
Also a big thankyou to my best friend and beta the lovely Ruby who keeps me sane and ensures every chapter I write makes at least a modicum of sense ;) I adore you Ruby!
‘What about your father, if your mother is like Sherlock is your father like you?’ When Mycroft fails to answer immediately John turns to face him once more, his attention had been caught by the beautifully manicured flower beds that covered the right side of Mycroft garden, he’d been picturing Mina getting lost in the high blooms while he chased her, he wondered not for the first time this evening when he had become so comfortable with Mycroft that the idea of spending social time with him here seemed normal and if not guaranteed than at least something to seek out.
John is at a loss about what to do until a pretty blonde nurse knocks on the exam room door and tells him Mrs Hope is here about her hemorrhoids.
‘Yes’ She was the head of his security for a reason, the woman could bring together an army with a click of Mycroft's fingers,
The series will continue with a series of timestamps before the next installment. The first is already written and involves our favorite uncle taking his niece to the zoo.
‘Right you are Greg, take care of you. And bloody text me when you know where you are okay? I worry.’
‘Doctor Watson, you need to understand. The place she’s been, people not knowing her. That’s good, I know it’s horrid but if they didn’t notice her, maybe it kept her out of trouble, you’ll see in the files what evidence of abuse we found but I’ll say this, none of it was sexual, at least there was no evidence of trauma. The other girl she said they only ever called her Mini Moth after her mum apparently. Her mum was The Moth, that’s all we’ve got. It’s all in the file, read it and see what you see. She’s very quiet, doesn’t make a noise when she cries and when she’s sleeping we didn’t hear a peep out of her then either.’
‘Well hello dear, what a lot of noise you were making, did you lose something again?’  Tammy waves her hand as if to bat away the loss, clearly the surprise appearance of John’s land lady and everyone’s surrogate mother was enough to distract from a missing crown. He descends the stairs just as Tammy is helping move the pushchair and bags into the back room, Mina appears bemused by everyone’s early morning excitement from her perch on Mrs Hudson’s hip,
I entered rehabilitation for the third time and this time engaged with the programmes they offered. I found the majority to be highly tedious and cloyingly emotional but the therapist the centre employed remains to this day an acquaintance that I see fairly regularly. Our appointments became more sporadic once you entered my life as I found myself needing less of a positive influence from Bernard; you provided that light John. You kept me right and sane.
‘Mrs Hudson is here! Mrs Hudson!’ John plasters himself against the staircases banister in order to avoid getting run over by the younger woman. Tammy had been taken with Mrs Hudson immediately, John supposed the woman had that appeal for slightly lost souls, which he felt both him and Tammy were; he saw Mrs Hudson pull her into a one armed hug a broad smile on her face.
“If you think by threatening my family and friends you will force my hand you’re going to find yourself disappointed.”
‘You were a little distracted falling in love with your daughter? I was just saying I’d never heard her laugh’ Lisa says there’s no annoyance in her voice and john wonders vaguely what sort of person she thought he was going to be. How anyone could look at Mina and not fall in love he’d never understand. ‘I can’t blame you for being a little besotted, she’s a very good little girl, especially considering all she’s been through, I’ve never seen her so unconcerned around new people and it took me hours to get her to stop crying in the hospital’
Greg’s phone rang out while John perched on the desk in the living room. He could hear the gentle murmurings of Mrs. Hudson in the kitchen, most likely sneaking Mina something entirely inappropriate in place of the breakfast he’d made this morning. As long as she didn’t leave her with chocolate smears around her lips again, he’d pretend to ignore it. A little spoiling would most likely do the little one no harm.
‘There were three books when I found them but I can’t seem to find the other, but these were the ones I had a quick look through and thought you might like.’ Mycroft flicks the front cover open, knowing he’ll find a chronological look of Sherlock’s life, sure enough pictures of his brother from before he was Mina’s age stare back at him through the album, the first chronicles a large portion of his life, his mother was highly selective in the pictures she included knowing Sherlock would not accept too many from his more photograph friendly younger years, the older he became the more he ran when Violet Holmes revealed her camera. It did not surprise him that the second album had photographs missing between full pages, most likely the ones that had been contained in those pages featured people Sherlock wanted to delete. He imagined Victor and Sebastian had been removed from the University examples.
He was a beautiful man John and I was very new to the feelings of attraction I experienced in those first few months of our acquaintance.  I don’t know why I believe it important for you to know this perhaps it is so you will understand my disquiet at the idea of having to engage in sexual intercourse with this woman.
‘With that sort of attitude you’re pretty much volunteering yourself aren’t you?’ the raised eyebrow is all the response he gets before his junior flaunts out of his office, she really would be better suited to a runway Greg thinks but she’s one of the best the MET has to offer, their relationship has been fraught since Sherlock’s death but he thinks she feels some level of guilt for her involvement, he can’t say how much though. Deciding she’s right about the coffee he decides to make a run to the independent coffee house opposite their building, he needs something with multiple shots and something sickeningly sweet to boost his blood sugar.
‘I appreciate the sentiment and there may be occasions where I make parenting decisions without consulting for wider opinions, but for the most part, I want her family to be involved, I can’t imagine how I would have lasted this long without Mycroft’s help and I know you maintained a distance in order to allow Mina and myself the opportunity to bond. I want to thank you both for that’ Siger moves his hand to brush off the thanks, John means them though, ‘but I want you to be involved, truly, in whichever manner Is most appropriate. I understand that it might be difficult for you, she reminds me on a daily basis of Sherlock but, if you would want to be, I see no reason why you wouldn’t be involved in every aspect of her life.’
‘Alright so the question with the bedroom furniture is colour and design, everything in this section is made of oak but you can have different stains or paints if you’re planning a matching set.’
Greg laughs, his breath sweet with the smell of rich merlot, and sways as he half falls off his bar stool.
‘Nothing untoward I assure you Detective Inspector, I merely highlighted John’s admirable qualities and suggested he find it in his heart to allow my niece access to her home, which Baker Street now is.’  John didn’t believe a word and from the dubious look on Greg’s face Mycroft was fooling nobody. He couldn’t bring himself to care though; he was as of moments ago a father. Father to a child he’d never met and who he knew nothing about.
He could hear the other members of this room talking, their voices were raised but he wasn't paying close enough attention to catch their meaning.  Greg was so certain this child was Sherlock’s, but she just couldn’t be. It wasn’t that John didn’t believe Sherlock could have a child, of course if he had been so inclined he could have, people were always falling over themselves to get close to him, men and women offered themselves on silver platters all before he spoke a single word to them, they'd attended a party once John remembered, something thrown in their honor; a thank you from a wealthy and youth obsessed dowager they had saved from matricide, during the steady stream of guests and handshakes five phone numbers had been slipped into Sherlock's tuxedo jacket, John remembered feeling such jealousy at that but Sherlock had dismissed the entire evening,
John manages to get Sherlock out of the way when the female officer throws a punch. The Constable’s fist connects solidly with John’s left cheek however and sends him crashing to the floor at Sherlock’s feet.
“This young man was a born villain, you see; serpentine in his cunning and seemingly an arachnid in his production of traps he wove a web to enslave those that would overthrow his growing empire. By seventeen he had committed his first murder; poisoned a young man before a swimming outing,” Mitrović said.
He watched her now navigate the clutter with practiced ease, he wondered If Mina was responsible for more or less mess than Sherlock used to make, certainly the Kitchen was clearer.
He nods his head slightly and suddenly he’s moving, two members of the team are moving him towards the exit, he feels the hit of cold air on his face, smells the scent of cigarettes from where the hospital visitors sneak them next to the doors, then all he can feel and smell is leather, he’s in a car and it’s warmer here, he’s not sure if he blacks out or just can’t recall how he got there but he’s suddenly in a room. A woman he thinks he vaguely recognises is pushing him towards a large bed. The bed looks soft, God he wants to sleep, there’s so much he needs to do though, the woman is soothing him now, making him lie down, she’s untying his shoes and stroking his hair, he realises then that it’s her eyes he recognises. She’s elderly, looks to be in at least her seventies, but she’s strong and he feels boneless when she pushes him to lie against the pillows, he’s never known anything as soft as these pillows, they smell of cotton, fabric softener and something he can’t identify. It’s a lovely smell though, rich and woody, he rolls his face into it so he can smell it all the clearer. The woman comes back holding a glass pitcher of water, she pours him a glass and watches him inhale it before pouring him another and placing it and two small white pills in his hands,
“Alright, let’s all of us try and stay calm for those fifteen minutes and if we can’t manage that let’s at least stop cursing, the baby may be asleep but who knows what she takes in. I’d rather not have her cursing at Mrs. Turner the next time she visits.”
They stand like that with John encircling Sherlock with his arms and refusing to let go for a long time. Long enough for Sherlock’s posture to change from one of defensive rigidity to accepting softness, long enough in effect for Sherlock to give in and wrap his arms around John too.
The fifth year John doesn't find anything in his bedside table, although he does look. The 14th of February has become something of a second birthday to him but there's nothing and also nothing on the kitchen table when he goes downstairs for breakfast. Sherlock appears to still be asleep so John, feeling a little disappointed, makes a solitary breakfast and goes to work.
‘Arnav’s on it sir, don’t worry, call in but don’t go in. Rest up, we’ll need to debrief tomorrow. The higher ups want to know what happened but you’ve been put on medical leave for at least today sir.’
Mycroft smiled blandly at this little aside. He tapped his finger back on the photograph of the man.
‘Hear me Tamara Devereux, I did it as a favour, not doing it again,’ he could be just as stubborn as
‘You should probably call me John, I mean I know you as Lisa, it seems like an odd power relationship to be referred to by my title by someone who knows more about my baby then I do.’ He realises she’s moved then, he’s not taken his eyes off the baby who in turn hasn’t stopped staring at him, it feels a bit like living in a bubble, but he recognises movement out of the corner of his vision and wonders if he’s being rude by not looking up.
‘We are here to ensure security sir,’ Greg nods at this, he’d imagined they were here for such a reason, the security of the victims in this wing was paramount to the case the police were making, he smiles slightly at the man who nods his head in return. Greg moves back to his chair trying his best not to wake Sally, she looks peaceful like this, so different from the normal thunderous look she wears.
Six hours later John, Mina and Mrs Hudson walk through the front door of White Rabbit, the front of the store was reorganised on Fridays to provide enough room for the audience of regulars Tammy had each week, soft cushion sat on the large semi circle carpet near the front specifically for the younger children. Age appropriate toys were always kept nearby in the hopes of keeping those children that got bored of the story entertained and quiet.
Thank you to each of you lovely people who have stayed with this fic through each delay, even the massive one where I drifted into the Inception fandom and lost myself a little. I blame (and adore) EarlGreyTea68 the woman is a wonder.
She’s clinging to the bars of her crib when he walks into the room; the blackout curtains are drawn so the room is bathed in the starlight her bee nightlight creates,
Mrs Hudson’s agreed to update him after each of her checks and they ended the conversation with her wishing him good luck, she’d been nervous for him before he’d left, straightening the not on his tie twice before going over the sleeves of his coat checking for dust or stray hairs.
Greg forced himself not to laugh at the man’s flustered voice. It would be rude for one thing as well as discouraging the other man from finishing his thought, and Greg loved to listen to him talk.
‘You all know the drill, we’ve got the mobile floodlights and helicopters which will kick in with my signal, then we’re likely to have a lot of confusion in the warehouse were the first team in so we’re likely to be the main focus of any counteraction, don’t panic when that happens, we’ve all been here before and we know the procedure. Keep an eye on your partner, this is not everyman for himself we are a highly organised, trained machine, we work as one, let’s go get the bastards and help keep the extractors safe.’  He makes sure to have eye contact with each of them, they all have a specific partner they work with on these types of raid, Donovan is his normally but with her leading her own team he’s partnered with Arnav, mans a trooper, always has been but he’s also one of the most un-ambitious men he’s ever met, he’s got his family and a job he loves, it’s what makes him great.  He knows every member of his team and he's lucky to like the vast majority of them too.
‘Well Gregory all I can say is this, he kissed you because you’re very attractive, you can’t blame him for that, as for what to do, well two options, you use your influence to move him departments, something you are right to avoid, the other is that you behave in the manner I know you will and treat him as a team member and an equal.’ Greg takes a minute to absorb this but before he can agree that this is the correct course of action Mycroft speaks, ‘and of course it goes without saying that if he ever kisses you again I can always deport him.’
“Please. Greg, your marriage became a bit of a joke the moment your wife slept with the twenty year old philosophy student for the third time.”
‘God Myc please,’ he doesn’t know what he’s asking for, more, less, anything, it needs to move in one direction, he’s feels like he’s walking on a high wire unable to see either end of the rope, neither end drawing him more than the other,
Greg crossed his arms lightly over his chest. He had no intention of handing over maintenance payments or his portion of their savings but he was quickly getting the impression Denise was going to drag this out until she’d bled him dry. The problem was he couldn’t let her have everything she wanted. Maintenance payments would deplete his income considerably and as for their savings, well, they were after all a pension fund and one he had contributed more to over the years than Denise. No, he could allow her the house but he wouldn’t let her run him.
‘Would it have changed anything?’ his voice is shaking now but not from exhaustion, he’s emotionally drained, he drops to his knees well before the bicycle is set to take him down in that critical moment, he’s changing the script,
He takes strides to be on the same side of the desk as Mycroft, they’re both by the window now, the sun slowly setting over the lush green grounds beneath them,
John hadn’t thought about Molly in months. He glanced at Mina and wondered vaguely if he should be involving the woman in his daughter’s life. She had been one of his and Sherlock’s closest female friends after all. The thought was unrelated to anything happening around him but as his mind often did while panicked he had drifted into a calm space. His sister had once called it the eye of the storm, when John took a moment to reign in the emotions that threatened to overwhelm him.
‘Dr Watson,’ Anthea called from inside the car, she was still staring at her blackberry but that had long since stopped bothering John, ‘You should go into the house sir with them sir. Mycroft, he means for you to care for this little girl and she is going to need a home. Where better than here, her Father’s sanctuary.’ John considers her words as he stares to the door, Mycroft and Greg have entered the shadows of the interior and John can no longer see them.
From there the team moves on automatic, their presence is declared and Greg’s team breaks down the front door, they deploy smoke cover but as predicted they draw attention and fire, they swarm the chemical preparation area at the front of the building while Greg notices the other two teams entering from the sides, Donovan identifies the civilians easily and makes her move.  He loses sight of Franklin when some of the fighting intensifies, the drug producers and those users engaging with the police may be unorganised but there’s a mob presence here they didn’t know about, they were identifiable by their clothing and their abilities with guns.  The noise is oppressive, gun fire, hand to hand combat and more shouting than could ever be appreciated by anyone not experienced in raids, he and Arnav take down two men making their way towards Donovan’s team, the rest of the forward assault are making arrests and gathering criminals to take them out the vans which will have drawn up outside,
‘John I…’ Greg sat behind his desk feeling that desperate desire to apologise that he had allowed to fill him in the first weeks following Sherlock's suicide. He had drowned the feelings in bottles of scotch and explosive arguments with his wife. But he had tried so many times in those first days John had been catatonic; initially sedated in the hospital, he had sequestered himself in Baker Street alone until the funeral,Greg had tried knocking on the door once only to find himself being shoved from the front stoop by a surprisingly strong Mrs Hudson.
“Because I trust you. Mycroft, Sherlock wasn’t your fault, he was a brilliant mind and if he had reached out to you are you telling me you wouldn’t have moved heaven and earth to help him? Mycroft you won’t miss anything but if you do, if I am taken out and they outsmart you and the entirety of the security team you have shadowing us that still leaves us with Greg and the Met; they found her the first time. Greg brought her home and he would do it again, wouldn’t you?”
‘I am afraid Mr Lestrade that simply will not be possible, as you no doubt picked up on from this conversations opening I have important calls coming through any minute. If you tell Anthea the topic I am certain she will solve any issues you are experiencing, she has my complete faith. Good day Detective, I really must clear this line' he refused to admit he was effectively running away from Gregory but at the same time the man had the worst timing. Perhaps the day would come when he would be able to look at him without seeing the young man who had returned his brother to him numerous times.
I have tried that for decades now John; years of doctors, blood tests and brain scans. Resulting in drug trials, psychotherapy, needles, pain and once, memorably, a short course of acupuncture.
‘Who’s a very attractive man Mrs Hudson?’ John rejoins them in the kitchen with Mina balanced on his hip. His niece, who normally smiles when she sees him, presses her face further into Johns jumper as he starts assembling her bottle, he wants to offer to take her so the job will be easier for John but from the death grip she’s got on her jumper and the look of tiered concern on John’s face he’s better off staying silent.
The last time I truly lost control of my addiction I found myself fucking a woman I had only known a few minutes in front of a crowd of drug peddlers in order to earn both my next fix and hers’. I am ashamed to say I remember very little about her. She had dark hair and blue eyes and I do remember thinking it was a terrible shame her face was so drawn as she would have been quite beautiful once. I remember that being the instant John, even as she rode me and I held her hips whilst trying to imagine something other than the leering faces that surrounded us, that moment was when I realised I had to free myself of the affliction that opiate addiction had become for me.
John reached for the heavy metal tag attached to the room key which he'd set down on the bench beside him, and placed it on the table. He didn't open his eyes. He heard the rustling of the coat. The sound of metal on wood. Sherlock took the key from the table and walked away. Not a word. John kept his eyes closed. Not until he was sure Sherlock had left the room did he open his eyes and sip some more of his wine. He was going to leave anyway. First thing in the morning.
. John didn't say it out loud. There was no response he could give. He reached out a hand to Sherlock and pulled him close. They hugged for a long time, not speaking. Longer than they ever had before. They just stood there in each other's arms, in the heat of each other's body, holding on. Until the taxi honked downstairs. John pulled back. Their hands brushed, held on for a moment. They looked at each other and nodded, both encouraging and anxious at the same time. Then John got his suitcase and duffel bag and left.
"These two gentlemen will be escorting you, Doctor Watson," she said, her tone friendly, and handed John's passport to one of the two men. They both looked at him expectantly.
"No. This is a woman's hand, and identical to the writing in the letters. We shall question Waugh on the matter."
A distant murmur had Sherlock pricking up his ears. Thunder? Sheet lightning caused faint flashes of light in the kitchen. Sherlock got up, went into the living room, and opened the heavy blackout curtains. It was dark outside. He opened the window. Thick, humid summer air that almost took his breath away. The night sky flickered repeatedly in the distance. The muted rumbling went on and on, no beginning or end. A storm. A heavy thunderstorm. Even as Sherlock listened and tried to calculate how far away the front was, the first breeze reached his nose. A trace of rain and moisture, of coolness, relief and an unpredictable inferno.
‘Mina honey who’s this?’ Tammy is pointing at John now ‘Who’s this sweetie?’ the three of them watch her like a hawk while she returns to sucking her fingers,
Bath time was followed by warmed milk and quiet goodnights from Mrs Hudson, she couldn’t seem to help checking on them, john might have been concerned she doubted his parenting abilities if it wasn’t for the doe eyed look she wore whenever she was faced with Mina, yes John could see his little girl wrapping anyone and everyone around her finger with unprecedented ease and he couldn’t think of a reason why she shouldn’t.  They sat in John’s old bedroom surrounded by fairy lights; Mrs Hudson had made the argument for a nightlight;
‘I hate clowns.’ Tammy throws him a disparaging look as he dishes out food onto plates and tries to locate the chopsticks; they’d had a habit of collecting them from restaurants John remembers ending up with a draw full of both the flimsy and sturdier variety.  John had shoved them all into one draw after realising the things were winding up in the oddest places, the toothbrush holder for example, he pulls out a sleek black set he’d grown attached too and the polished pine one’s Tammy seemed to have settled on. The brilliantly red set Sherlock had always used sat in a closed box in the cupboard holding wineglasses, they were one of the rare gifts Mycroft had bought Sherlock over the years the man had seemed to rather like and as such John had decided to keep them.
John feels relieved to see the black car idling in front of the store; the idea of trying to wage war on London’s public transport again filled him with dread, Anthea helped load the bags and pushchair in the boot while he strapped Mina into the car seat that had materialised in the back seat, the image of Mycroft explaining its existence to the multitude of people John liked to imagine he faux kidnapped daily filled him with glee.
‘No need for that Gregory,’ he starts to protest lightly but Mycroft merely presses another kiss to the corner of his lips, ‘Next time, I promise’ they exchange small smiles while Mycroft runs soft caresses down the right side of his face,  Greg knows the moment’s over but he’s reluctant to move, they’re in their own little bubble here, tucked away from the madness and pain of the rest of the world, he doesn’t know now why he was holding them back from this, he feels no shame, except of course that which comes with coming in your pants like a teenage lad.
Mycroft must be having some sort of seizure with the whole mess. It's been two weeks of highly dull field work and tracking Moran's movements throughout the country.
John’s perturbed,  Sherlock had never mentioned having to take a call and John never overheard him having long conversations over the phone with anyone although he supposed they were hardly together every minute of every day but it still surprises him that it never came up. He holds nothing against Sherlock, he never discussed his family in any great depth either, not that there would be much to talk about on his side. He tries to hold back the slither of jealousy he feels for the family Mycroft is describing, he had never known his father well, the old man left before John had a chance to know him properly and his mother, the less John thought about her the better, she was still alive and still someone John had to deal with from time to time, he couldn’t think of much he was dreading more than the necessity of informing her about Mina, except perhaps dealing with Harry.
‘My parents would be happy to fit around your schedule, this is kind of you John, they will stay for the duration of their visit with me and perhaps I might be bold enough to suggest you and Mina visit with them there. My property has slightly more space as well as the benefit of a staff that can handle preparations.’
John closes the draw. He doesn't throw anything out. He shaves his mustache and ignores his girlfriend's forced jokes.
‘Well a little shit all round,’ Lestrade said. There’s a deep sigh and what sounds suspiciously like a cigarette lighter clicking over the line, ‘it was Osborn and Summers by the way.’
“More Dada.” Mina was so close to sleep but John was just as wrapped up in the story as she was in listening to it.
The most ridiculous thing was John only owned three ties. He owned three plain, very workable ties, any of which would go with the plain white shirt he was wearing and yet here he stood, in front of Mycroft’s front door, obsessing about the colour of his tie. Light blue with a silver thread, Mrs Hudson had told him it brought out the colour of his eyes, It was too late to change it in any case, he was already here and leaving to change ones tie would most likely not give a positive impression to the people he was desperate to impress.
I have a strong idea for this particular ark and it will take two more chapter to come to completion after that the story moves on and a new ark begins. In realist All Of Me is taking the place of world building/ back story which will provide context for the next ark. The next ark will be darker but also sweeter.
It was clear because John could see what Greg meant, he could observe the similarities the look of her; her face, that stare, even the bloody cupid bow lips, the pout was so perfectly Holmesian John wanted to laugh, hysterically, without breathing, but he couldn't because his only thought was, God but she looked like him. So beyond beautiful.
If people actually glowed when they were happy Greg reckons Danny might be bright right now, he smiles more broadly relieved that the awkwardness is over. It’s always good for people to know where they stand with their colleagues and now he can keep and eye on him and make sure no one outside the department ever acts inappropriately, he’s never stood for it and that won’t change now.
You know I struggle with sentiment myself but I understand it to be a part of the human condition. I find myself in a state of bewilderment at a human who simply appears so divorced from positive feeling John. Perhaps this is why you have so often told me I am not in fact a high functioning sociopath, am I right in that John? Do you see my care for others, my love for them and my ability to feel something more than distaste? Did you see those things and immediately know that I myself am plagued by a life where sentiment has always played a part no matter how hard I fight against it.
Whoever was creating this illusion of a Holmes child would be very sorry.  The promise of vengeance ran through his mind, no one used a Holmes like this.
‘That my little dove was your Uncle Mycroft, he would appear to have put himself in charge of your security, but don’t let that fool you, your Dad, that’s me by the way, used to be in the Army you don’t need security when I’m around but we humour him because your Daddy, his brother, drove him a little bonkers every time he rebelled, so we’re going to be good.’ Mina was more interested with chewing on the ear of her bear then listening to his monologue but John continued to narrate their activities in the hopes of encouraging her to talk. The idea that she may not have had this, that a lack of communication may have led to her loss of voice may have made him angry, but the easy trust she seemed to show him, she’d never cried when he held her, she reached for him and he made her laugh multiple times, that trust kept him calm.
“What are you talking about John?” Greg hiccups “He’s Sherlock fucking Holmes he belongs to no man!” Greg flings his head back to roar with laughter but John’s a bit drunk; inebriated by the constant flow of lager and whiskey the Met’s summer party has provided him with this evening and he takes a swipe at Greg and manages to get a handful of rough cotton so he can pull the man forward and get in his face.
He turns to see the other two important women in his life, Tammy is crying softly on Mrs Hudson’s shoulder but they’re both smiling broadly. He kisses his daughters hair as he thinks about how lucky he is, this morning he’d felt like he was losing his mind to his past but now, holding his daughter in his arms he’s never felt more blessed, every day with her pushes the ghosts of his past a little further away,
RETURNED TO FRANCE. DID RESEARCH . DISCOVERED AND INVESTIGATED CHILD TRAFFICKING RING. GOT TRAPPED IN A FIRE. SURVIVED.  HOSPITAL TREATMENT WAS REQUIRED. MORPHINE ADMINISTERED. PLEASANT.  DANCED WITH A SUSPECT. KISSED ANOTHER. WAS TEMPTED TO ADMINISTER SEX AS A METHOD OF DATA COLLECTION. DID NOT. SUSPECT ENJOYED HUMILIATING PARTNERS. DULL. NOT JOHN. MISSED JOHN.
He’d turned a deep shade of scarlet while explaining the story, John couldn’t explain why Mrs Hudson had seemed relieved when he explained his new friend was gay but he decided to assume it was just her desire for a peaceful nights rest rather than a judgment on his dating habits.
Sherlock turned his long face toward Agent Doyle and, with a look that could drip ice water, said, “I
miss the chase already, but these new travel arrangements can’t be beat,” I mused, wryly, as I transported myself through the ether. I would arrive long before they did, and that pleased me no end.
it, Sergei!” Sherlock yelled, having been able to twist himself around front again. “I will do what you say, just
“Shut up,” John snapped back in annoyance. “Young lady, you could have been kidnapped, or hurt, or even killed out there by yourself!”
Uncle Rudy looked alarmed and held up his hands in negation. “No, no, not at all! We remember the people from
“Mr. Holmes. Doctor Watson,” Doyle said, nodding to both as he sat down at the outdoor café where John and Sherlock had decided to eat lunch. They had chosen it at random, to avoid any possibility that someone would be setting them up for another assassination attempt. “I have some interesting news for you.”
mention it to you the first time you came to the flat and met Mrs. Hudson. I saw no reason to expand upon it at the time,” Sherlock replied, blandly. He scarfed another French fry.
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s freshly-shampooed hair and threaded his fingers through it. Sherlock’s eyes closed in pleasure and he smiled.
There was a touch of amusement to Sherlock’s voice when he said, “Yes, so I heard. I got the full story from Billy after the fact. He said you went from ‘Doctor Watson’ to full-on ‘Captain ‘I’m-going-to-blow-your-face-off’ Watson’ in record time. He said it was breathtaking to behold.” He smirked. “Wish I could have seen it. You know how I love your ‘Captain Watson’ voice.”
John snorted his tea out through his nose and back into the cup. As he cleaned his face and cup and poured himself some clean tea, he stated, “You knew what you were getting. Weren’t you the one with it stuffed in your mouth, mumbling something about...”
After a few minutes of heavy silence and tea-sipping, John cleared his throat and asked blandly, “Is there anything I can bring back for you?”
Sherlock snorted and picked up his cup and saucer delicately, taking a deep whiff of the dark fluid within the cup. “Earl Grey with a touch of whiskey. What’s the occasion?”
“Well, I assigned Donovan to take care of Whitey, who, by the way, is singing like a canary and pleading with us to ‘keep that mad bloke away from me.’ Did you actually threaten to kill him, John?
John followed in short order. Lestrade had to kick Toby down before diving, head-first, into the chute.
“N-n-n-o-o-o” I moaned, finally managing to gain temporary control of my vocal cords and tongue. Both felt thick as cold beef.
Sherlock aside with such force that he stumbled back onto the old couch where they had, just the night before, cuddled up under a blanket, with a cup of tea each, watching a crime show on the telly. John had been laughing hysterically at some of Sherlock’s snarkier observations regarding the police investigative processes. Of course, he was
Quietly, John rose from his chair and padded over to the bed. He sat beside Sherlock, who looked up at him with one of the saddest expressions John had ever seen. “I almost failed you, John,” Sherlock whispered, his voice tight with self-loathing. “I might have screwed up the investigation by reacting the way I did, because I couldn’t…”
John released one hand and, reaching over, picked up a mug, and pressed it into Sherlock’s now-free hand. He then released the other arm he had been holding prisoner. He watched as Sherlock loosened up that arm and then held his mug of tea with both hands, sipping quietly. His head was down but his eyes flicked up to meet John’s. He was still sulky. He took another sip of tea and remarked, “You remembered the sugar.”
John grinned at the graceless concession. Sherlock knew that he needed to eat (which he hadn’t been for quite some time) but that John needed regular meals (which he hadn’t been getting lately due to his concern over Sherlock), so the only way to get John to eat (a necessity, in Sherlock’s view) was for Sherlock to eat as well. As far as Sherlock was concerned, John had lost entirely too much weight lately and was no longer as comfortably soft as he once was. This must be remedied.
you, you idiot! Then what, huh? I would have had to…to…” John stopped, the words catching in his throat, the reality of the situation finally hitting him square in the face. He rubbed the back of his hand across his face. There was a noticeable tremor in it. “I couldn’t go through that again, Sherlock.”
pleasure, something he had never experienced before. And it only improved when a small hand joined his and followed his movements up and down his shaft.
Rosie cut him off, her voice smug. “Papa’s in love with you and wants to marry you, he said so himself.”
“No, no, you’re not. You’re…oh…ohhhhh god, that feels…great…uhhh…fantastic…yeah, yeah, like that…ahhhh…fuck, Sherlock…”
A huff of laughter escaped Sherlock as he wrapped the child in her fluffy towel. She snuggled into it and sighed. “This is sooo soft and warm!” she purred.
“How do you know you didn’t leave the front door open so that she could just walk out?” Sherlock challenged him angrily. “Did you latch the child gate at the top of the stairs?
Unable to answer her through pain-gritted teeth, he could only wonder what else she might have in store for him. This wasn’t just about blackmail; this was also about evening the score.
John looked back over his shoulder at his dearest friend, still unresponsive. His head was swathed in bandages following several small craniotomies to evacuate some of the more peripheral bleeds before they could cause damage.
John slowly and carefully slid his arms around his lover, cradling him like a priceless and fragile piece of art. His hands rested lightly on Sherlock’s chest as his fingers timorously explored the resolving scars where the crop had bitten deeply into soft, pale flesh. He shook his head and whispered, “No, love. There is no ‘of course’ anymore. I will ask if I can do something and you will consent or refuse, and either way it will be fine with me” His voice was gentle and filled with affection.
to point out. John gulped as Sherlock said, “At your wedding, I told Janine that I loved to dance but had no real outlet to do so. Recently, I decided to do something about it. Remember our dinner at that Middle Eastern restaurant a few months back?”
"When, Sherlock?" John asks sadly. "When we are old and the flame of our vitality has extinguished?"
Sherlock felt John's arousal approaching its climax, felt the wave approaching both of them, inundating them, the shaking, the contractions, John arching up, John's semen spurting out over his hand. Sherlock was panting. His own erection throbbed painfully between his legs.
After a ten-day rotation on the neurological ICU, John had the techniques down pat and won Lory and Phil's professional trust. He was scheduled for his first night shift. John was updating patient files in the doctors' lounge. He'd just done a check of all the rooms and found everything in order. There weren't any critical cases. They'd gone easy on him for the first night, kept the risk factors to a minimum. John had taken advantage of the situation and looked around in Phil's office. The key to the file cabinet was in the desk drawer, as expected, under some papers. Standard hiding place.
A saddle was hanging in the Boons' barn. I saw it through the open barn door as we drove by. I didn't really notice it at the time. Only now when I reflect back on the facts we have gathered does it occur to me. My brain retained the image. I can rely on it. My dependable brain.
John couldn't stop thinking about the fact that the recommendation for the book had come from Mycroft. Maybe that's why he was interpreting everything in relation to himself and Sherlock. Or what else might Mycroft mean? Was he addressing the situational danger? The sheep without a muzzle, the small but deadly error with the missing strap. Even though it would have been enough to simply draw the strap. The useless thorns. The snake which bit out of malice but cooperated in a voluntary death. The remark that there wasn't enough poison for a second bite. Could Moriarty be outwitted in that way? Offer him one bite so there wouldn't be enough poison for a second?
Sherlock, Lestrade, and Rose met one last time in CSIS's temporary office to discuss the mission, made a record of the results together. John didn't join them. He saw his part as being done, and was arranging the sale of his practise.
He nods. I am sweaty from walking in the noonday sun. I was following the bees which were attending the blossoms on this meadow in unusually dense numbers. I followed them quite a distance, over the meadow and across the stream, through the adjacent barley field, all the way to the copse and the spruce tree with the elongated hole. And back again. My shirt is sticking to my skin. I can feel the friction of my trousers between my legs as I stand.
John took a deep breath, then let it out in a heavy stream. He looked at his hands for a long time where he had them folded on the table in front of him. Then he sought out Sherlock's eyes.
There was a point of difference. A gap between what he and John needed from each other and what they actually did. That gap was painful in and of itself. But what they did to each other because of that pain was downright brutal. Were they punishing each other for not being able to give each other what they needed? Were these attempts to detach from each other? Were there more options than the two that Sherlock saw? Either they overcame that gap or they would have to cut the cord that tore at both of them so painfully yet held them together despite it. Sherlock ruled out the third solution: to learn to live with the pain. He would be destroyed by it and need to let go anyway, and die. It would be better to make a clean break now and let John go free. If he wasn't already in the process of uncoupling himself.
Sherlock went into the bedroom. A double bed. Two pillows – still – and a large double comforter. The bed was untouched.
Passport check at the Zurich airport. John slid his passport and ticket across the counter, through the slot in the plexiglass pane. The official on the other side took both of them, opened the passport, compared it to John's face with a quick, practised glance, then looked at the ticket. But unlike with the people who'd passed through ahead of John, this time he didn't return the documents promptly. Instead, he turned to his computer with the passport and ticket and started entering data. Apparently John's name and passport number. He reached for the phone, no hurry, turned his back to John and said something in a language John didn't understand. The people queuing behind John gave each other looks. John became suspicious. What was going on? He didn't have much time. The flight left at 10:05 a.m.
John took the backpack and set off for the bus that would take him to the Rosenlaui gorge. He'd hike up to the Dossen lodge from there. He'd already made his decision yesterday, even as Sherlock had explained to him what he was meant to do at the Baer. It was just a distraction. John didn't have any real function at the hotel. The blather about being a contact point was nothing more than a ruse to keep him away from the lodge. John had decided to pretend he was going along with the game. He wasn't going to leave Sherlock alone with Moriarty. Moriarty was Sherlock's equal. That was far too dangerous. That much was clear to John. He wasn't going to stick to the agreement. Not this time.
They'd driven back to the clinic, sitting in the back of the unmarked police car, not speaking. Sherlock had closed his eyes and leaned back, tired. He'd evaded John's questions, put him off. Had finally felt for John's fingers at some point, careful and questioning. John had taken the cool hand in his and held it fast until they arrived at Rosenfeld.
He wanted to hail a taxi down on the street, but Lestrade caught up to him, his phone still at his ear, and grabbed him by the arm.
Mycroft slowly shook his head. "There's nothing you can do there now, John," he said in a smooth tone. "Sometimes it's better to think with the head rather than the heart."
"He always had time when you needed him," Stean said, wiping the tears from his face with the back of his hand. "He was charismatic and full of love. He loved people. Everyone. He was an ambassador of love." Stean sobbed, covering his face with both hands.
Sherlock gasped softly. An expression of surprise, perhaps. Or pain. Then it was quiet again for a while.
Two hours later, the woman was at the Yard being questioned. She'd been picked up from the kindergarten where she worked. Four hours later, it was clear she had nothing to do with the abduction.
John lay on his back staring into the darkness. Sherlock rummaged around in the blanket and pillows beside him, wrapped himself up and turned away. John listened to the impenetrable darkness. Sherlock breathing. The high-pitched humming was his own blood in his ears, he knew that. It wasn't coming from outside. Outside was just the quiet splashing of the water in the trough behind the house, muted by the heavy fog. No birdsong, no snapping of twigs, no footsteps, no metallic sounds. John took a deep breath, unsettled. No, wrong film. Damn it all! He was in Sussex. Not in Afghanistan. Afghanistan, still Afghanistan. The trauma. Deep black, dangerous, inscrutable nights of the new moon. Absolute silence. Then suddenly a faint snap from nearby, the clink of metal and directly afterward a hail of fire, a split second later, unexpected. The impact of a grenade. Screams. Blood. Carnage. Death.
He hadn't been able to take his eyes off John's for a long time. There was something there that was both compelling and fascinating, that connected them. Down deep, dusty mother-of-pearl – intangible, familiar, a distant memory he yearned for without being able to penetrate. He'd seen that glimmer before, at times, for a fraction of a second, a flash, unexpected. In moments of relief in the aftermath of danger, after a fight, a life-threatening situation. In intimate moments, sharing a meal, a conversation, in the lab, when they'd been working on a case together and were hot on the trail of a solution. Sherlock had never questioned the feeling that moments like those triggered in him. He'd simply set it aside and gone on with business as usual. Desire. How old was this connection already? And he'd only just discovered it.
He scrubs my back with the soap and the soft brush. I am certain that Mrs Walton is watching us from the kitchen window, and I turn my back to the house. John is standing perilously close behind me. I feel his body and hear his breath. He scrubs my back and shoulders, and I hear him panting lightly. He has the intention of addressing additional areas of my body with the soft brush; I can virtually feel in my own body how much of an effort it is for him not to do so. His soft laugh is impregnated with an arousal that not even he can suppress. My body has already reacted to it, and I catch myself yearning for the touch of his prick on my arse. That cannot be allowed to happen.
No one seemed to be listening. The flight attendant put the microphone away and shuffled the papers in front of her indifferently. John wasn't sure he'd heard right. It took a couple of seconds before he realised in his confusion that she meant him. The two men in uniforms stepped aside and made room for him as he approached the gate.
Sherlock always had the key on him. Like some kind of security deposit perhaps. A deposit on love. A souvenir of belonging and friendship. Yes, he had the key to John's flat. But it was from Mary. Not John. Sherlock's heart clenched for a moment. He had to force himself to remain on task. He entered John's flat. Lestrade followed timidly.
"Trouble?" she asked as she set the drink down in front of John. John was sitting all the way at the end of the bar. He didn't feel like talking to anyone.
"She denies it. But..." Sherlock fell silent, stared into the distance for a few seconds, then lowered his head, splayed his fingers and pressed them to his forehead, and closed his eyes. He seemed to have found something in his mind palace.
The playing stopped abruptly. Footsteps. Sherlock opened the door. Violin and bow in his left hand. His expression hard and pale. They stared at each other. Sherlock took a tenative step back to let John in, not saying anything. John set his bag down on the stone floor and closed the door behind him. Sherlock was still standing there with the violin, frozen. John didn't know what he should do. He'd prepared something to say, but it was all gone. His eyes stung. Tears were still running down his face. Sherlock's eyes were dark and wounded. A constant flickering in them. His lips twitched, he bit down on them. His face like stone. They didn't speak. Neither of them spoke.
Sherlock placed one finger across his lips, indicating that John should be quiet. The thin beam of light from Sherlock's torch made its way over the surface of the altar. Sherlock took the flowers out of the vase and turned it over. Nothing but water, which Sherlock poured carelessly onto the sandstone. He returned the flowers and ran the light and his fingers over the ledges, around the pillars and the plaster decorations. He lifted the two thick, white candles out of the golden, chalice-like holders they were standing in, and shone his light into the holders. Nothing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in annoyance. "It is. In the wake of the heresy scandal, there was another, similar unsolved murder of a priest. Here." Sherlock opened the file and impatiently tossed the picture of the body onto the table. "Kneeling in front of the altar, a clean beheading. Professional. No signs of a struggle."
However, Sherlock was preoccupied much more by the title of the composition than the notes. 'With Pain's Dying Breath'. Giving pieces titles like that was a very Romance-era thing to do. Earlier eras had tended toward descriptive titles: Fugue in D Minor, Sonata for Two Violins in A Major, Minuet, Suite for Orchestra. And following the Romantic period, there had been a return to mainly emphasising descriptions: Scherzo à la Russe, Eight Pieces for Flute. 'With Pain's Dying Breath'. What was that supposed to tell him? What did it mean? Was Eurus trying to send him a message? Was it a puzzle? Did it have anything to do with what she required of him in return for Rosie? How did a woman who killed people without a single ounce of compassion come up with a title like that? And how did she come up with music like that at all, given that she mainly played Classical music?
"All right. Why are you here? And why are you wearing a cross on your lapel that identifies you as a priest? You're endangering my mission here, Sherlock."
Fifteen minutes later, John sat in front of his laptop studying the PDF document. Two murders, both victims male, circa 30 years old. One was an engineer, Ferdinand Lowe, the other a baker, Henry Munro. Both single. Both had been found naked with stab wounds on the shore of a bathing pond, one in Colne Valley and the other in Hampstead Heath. The first murder - Lowe - was two years old, while Munro's had been last year. Both killings had taken place in August. And there was one more highly suspicious similarity: both victims had stayed at the Rosenfeld Rehab Centre in the months prior to their deaths.
The food was hot and hearty and tasted excellent. They both ate with a good appetite, even Sherlock, surprisingly.
"This is my flat," Sherlock responded weakly, without taking his hands away from his face. "Irina never lived here. She lives her own life."
Seconds later, he was blinded by a long, bright bolt of lightning that bored its way downward from the clouds, right into the earth – or the Thames. Thunder broke through the lazy night air, scrabbled its way through the elements, tore open the here and now, deafening, merciless, waking all the demons of hell at once, and as if they were looking up with questions in their terrible eyes, a gust of wind blew in, making the curtains billow, a capricious harbinger of the underworld. Then the dams broke with a terrifying roar. A barrage of lightning. Thunder ripped the air apart. Water poured down from the heavens. Sherlock stood at the window, fascinated, watching the furious power of the proceedings with a combination of curiosity and wonder.
Sherlock had stopped him: "Wait, John!" He'd held on to him. Pulled him back. His fingers on the edge of the cuff of John's jacket, clinging to it, right next to John's hand. Maybe he'd wanted to reach for John's hand but veered away from it at the last second. Their hands didn't touch.
Several long seconds passed before John answered, his voice so flat and quiet that Sherlock could barely understand him: "Mary wouldn't have happened."
Laboratory? Hm. Sherlock was a chemist. It made sense that he'd also given himself that career as Andrej.
He remembered it clearly. Very clearly. Like in slow motion. Sherlock in the living room like a dog that had been left out in the rain. Letting John's tirade wash over him. Guilty. Helpless. The blue in his eyes as he'd moved closer to John, watching him. Studying him. And then the overwhelming sense of vertigo when Sherlock had simply grabbed him by the hair and kissed him. John had fallen silent immediately. Shock paralysing all of his limbs. Disbelief. Sherlock's lips on his, between his. Not rough. A gentle, cautious sampling.
John logged in and started the scanner, copied the pages and printed then out. While the old, slow printer noisily churned out the scanned pages, John clicked around on the computer, opened the folder with the financial records, a simple Excel document. He thought about printing it out but decided against it. The Suffolk Constabulary had taken the computer and combed through it following Davide Perilli's murder. John remembered the report. They hadn't found anything suspicious. John clicked around, not really thinking about anything as he opened the browser history. Just curious.
Nothing in particular happened after that, aside from a quick touch on the shoulder, a nudge to the side. After about two hours, the three of them packed up their things and came up the foot trail. John beat a hasty retreat. He went up to the bathing area and sat on a bench to wait for a signal from Sherlock; either Sherlock himself showing up, or a text. Like they'd agreed. But nothing came. An hour later, John broke his promise and texted Sherlock:
John was unsure whether he should follow him or wait for the ceremony to end. It couldn't take much longer. And it was unlikely that anyone else had noticed Sherlock leaving. Other than Gerome. John's eyes met those of the old man over the heads of the people praying and hugging around them. John shrugged apologetically, but Gerome didn't react; he just looked away.
It was quiet for a long time; absolute silence in the therapist's office. Just the sound of Ella's pen on the paper as she took notes.
Sherlock turned his head to take a look at John, as he sat there on the back seat of the car, gazing out at the afternoon traffic. John's posture was tense. He was restless. His concern for his child must have been eating him up. Just as Sherlock's concern for John was eating Sherlock up. There still hadn't been any contact from potential blackmailers. At least Lestrade assumed the motive was blackmail. Sherlock wasn't so sure. What would they have been able to gain through the child? Was this about him, about Sherlock? Was John having to suffer on his account once more? Was this one of Eurus's new games? Sherlock was well aware that Eurus would have no scruples about using him if she wanted something. Did she want to separate Sherlock from John? Was she jealous, the way she'd been jealous of Victor? She knew what John meant to him. Did she accept that? Did she want to destroy it? Was she playing with it?
Watson let his head fall back against the column and closed his eyes. He did not speak for a long time, simply stood there leaning against the column with his eyes closed. Finally, he took a deep breath and straightened, but he did not look at me as he spoke.
Sherlock's fingers moved down to John's groin, brushed shyly past his genitals to his thighs, then back up on the inside, careful, attentive. Sherlock lifted his eyes. Dark depths that swirled in John's gaze.
He raised his head and said, "Go away, John. Please. My body is unsettled; on fire. I'm not in control." His voice shook. He reached out his hand and pushed John away. An iron hold, beyond any sense or reason.
Sherlock shook his head. Then he said -- and he tried to sound firm and forceful -- "We're going to find her. I'm going everything I can."
"I'm apprehensive about it," John admitted. "We'll be entering into a bond that isn't meant for us."
Sherlock stood up and John followed suit. She was truly a queen, Sherlock was right. The way she came toward them, proud, erect, gracious. John smirked. Sherlock's adoration of Nora was both unfamiliar and touching.
Anyway. Why anyway? Found him? Him, John? The bitter taste of gall rose to John's throat. His heart clenched uncomfortably. He forced himself to remain calm and managed to cool off a little. He looked Sherlock over carefully. His friend was unsettled.
John decided to take the next train to Geneva and spend the night there, then continue on the next day. Departing Meiringen at 4:21 p.m. Then he'd be in Geneva at 7:47 p.m. If he left right away, he could make the train.
Sherlock remained silent. Grateful that John didn't expect him to say anything, that John simply held his hand. Everything was topsy-turvy inside him again. His thoughts kept falling through a grate, being shredded before they could fully form. Avoiding all attempts at catching and bundling them. His emotions were dead. Extinct. Sherlock was trying to find them, trying to find anything, but there was nothing.
"She says it's important for a child to be able to trust the people around them. It doesn't have to be the biological parents, and it can be several people. It doesn't matter how Sophie is taught those values, or by whom. Trust, comfort, security. What's important is simply that she learns them."
"Unfortunately, there's an awkward little automatism I feel you should know about," Mycroft said. "Every flight on whose passenger list you appear seems to have a bomb on board."
All of my knowledge is useless in the face of such an abundance of emotion. None of the categories, models and methods can explain this beauty. This momentary enchantment. Nor can they explain what this man means to me who lies beside me in the grass, spread out, from whom I cannot avert my gaze. My gaze, which probes its way across his body, under his shirt. His chest is firm and powerful. I know how it feels. The thin strip of hair that gathers beneath his navel, gradually merging into the darker pubic hair. I know every part of him. As he does of me. We know each other well. Too well. Much better than is seemly for two men. Even if they are the closest of friends.
Sherlock winked at him before getting in. The car drove away. The gravel of the driveway crunched beneath the tyres. John stood in the doorway and raised his hand half-heartedly in a parting gesture.
"If you change your mind, John, let me know." Sherlock's voice low and smooth. John closed his eyes. "Even if you don't come back to Meiringen, John, stay away from the border. You won't get across. Stay in Switzerland. Avoid anything that might identify you. Do you hear me?"
Plans? What was going on? EADS? European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company? Airbus. They knew his name and wanted plans from him?
"Not yet. We don't have any proof. He's only invited me to go swimming. That's not a crime. Not even if he gropes me. We're after a killer."
"That's where you are fundamentally mistaken, Doctor," Mycroft said matter-of-factly. "Both in your assessment of the situation and in the motivations of the Holmeses."
"Ethan Tierney. No. Thomas had told me about him, but we'd never met. I didn't meet him until he came to me demanding the candle."
John almost said no. But then he remembered there needed to be a reason for their split. He recalled Sherlock's suggestion that he make use of the meeting with Sholto, and said, "Not in my eyes. In his apparently, though."
Sherlock was filled with wonder. A deep, powerful wonder that permeated him to the core. Awe. Respect. Pride. Pride and amazement that a man like John loved him. A man who shot people over great distances with an army revolver, his aim true and deadly, when the situation called for it. His hand steady. The same steady hand with which he saved people whenever possible. The same steady, confident hand with which he was waiting for him, for Sherlock. And Sherlock understood then all of a sudden that John could afford to have emotions. He was confident enough. He could partake, empathise, and cry. He endured injury. He could love and wait. He wasn't afraid. He was strong.
The berries are dried. I extract a handful from the sack, bind them up in my handkerchief, and stow them in my trouser pocket.
They'd resumed their stroll and moved on down the path. Sherlock didn't answer right away. He walked bent forward, his eyes on the ground in front of him, his hands clasped behind his back. He hestitated. Then he said uncertainly, "John. Ethan Tierney asked for my help."
He'd turned around so he stood facing the bar as well now, close to John, right up against him in the throng, shoulder to shoulder. He leaned on the bartop next to John, turned to his friend. John didn't look up. He held the icy glass, wet with condensation, in both hands, grateful for the cold emanating from it. His pulse was still racing. It felt good to be close to Sherlock. The familiar voice. The security.
Their eyes met, breathless, when it was over. The mighty trunk of the fir tree lay just a few metres away. The tip of a branch had grazed them. Sherlock's hand was bleeding. John had a scrape on his back. Then they ran on, hand in hand, gasping, not letting go until they'd reached the edge of the woods and safety.
Sherlock reached out his hand. John let his fingertips touch his friend's, slid breathlessly along the slender fingers, his gaze lost in icy blue. The field between them collapsed. It wasn't possible to play anymore. That's just how it was. John told himself that's just how it was. That it was Sherlock. That it was both of them, the way they loved. This uncontrollable ferocity that broke loose. That they just accepted the way it was.
"I just want things to be good between us again," John said quietly. "Because they're not right now, are they?"
"We're going to see Ella tomorrow," John said pensively after they'd finished eating, just with their wine glasses, sat beside each other on the couch, sunk deep into the cushions, relaxed. "And can I tell you something? It's ridiculous because I was the one who wanted it. But I'm scared to death over it."
Sherlock stared out into the early London night. His taxi was stuck in the evening rush hour traffic. Rose's reproach niggled at him. He'd shot Magnussen and set off the entire cascade of events. Copernicus had been washed to the surface, and with it Mary's past. He'd achieved precisely the opposite of what he'd intended. He'd failed. Along the whole line. He hurt, stung deep inside. He'd acted according to the best of his knowledge and conscience. He'd only had a few seconds. No more.
"Thank you," Sherlock said sincerely, without remarking on her last comment. He knew her words could have been misinterpreted and that the correction was therefore appropriate. He looked over at John. John shook his head, just barely. No words were necessary between them. John didn't know the woman she'd described.
"That happened more than six weeks after the brotherhood's conspiracy was uncovered. There's no indication this killing had anything to do with the scandal. No hints at all in that direction back then. Zilch."
When we finally return to our cottage that evening, I am exhausted. Far more from everyone's hue and cry than from the exertions of the day. I do not endure people well. They tire me. Especially in large numbers. Watson does better in that regard. Nonetheless: he looks tired too. We are dirty and stink most horribly of horse, sweat, and shit. It is nigh nine o'clock, yet it is still light and warm outside. I decide the first order of business is to wash at the well behind the house, and Watson joins me.
"All right," he finally said quietly. "There was sexual contact between Martin and myself. It was during the ritual. Martin distanced himself from it. He said he was acting as a proxy for you and it was all about you. He said you were my ex, and I had a problem letting you go. He advised me to set things straight. But outside of the ritual, in the club, Martin told me he was looking for friendship and love with a man. That was before the ritual. I was only playing my role at first, but then I realised I wanted that too. Having Martin so close, so openly, made me aware of how much I wanted it."
He looked up at John. Then he said, soft but clear, "I want to be an equal partner to you. And I'd like you to accompany me on the path to that goal."
"Good," John said. "He's pretty busy with all the different therapies, doesn't leave much time for anything else. But he seems to be making good progress."
"The only thing binding me to London is sitting right here," John replied, a hint of bitterness in his tone.
"Since last night. When we took his temperature this morning we found it elevated and immediately undertook countermeasures. To no avail."
Then Martin said – softly, very softly: "Your soul is full of love, Sherlock. Can you feel it? The sadness. Your deep love for creation. For everything out there. For the natural laws, the reasoning, the creatures, the people, for John. Why don't you permit it?"
Just then, the jets in the pool turned off. The water calmed. Sherlock relaxed and leaned back. Now that the sputtering agitation of the water had died away, his fingers interlaced affectionately with John's. They leaned back next to each other against the side while the other bathers swam out of the bubble pool into the nocturnal, steaming saltwater basin. Another set of relaxation and massage jets started up at the far end. The lights dimmed in the bubble pool. Blissful calm. John closed his eyes, leaned his neck back against the edge of the pool, let the water buoy him up, enjoyed the warmth of the saltwater in the cold night air. What a luxury it was to lie there in the hot water, outside in the cold night. Steam everywhere. Peace. Nothing but the burbling of the water. Hardly any people. Just Sherlock beside him. Hand in hand. The broad night sky above, full of stars. Utter relaxation. A rare gift.
The heat outside. Sherlock only ventured out into it grudgingly. The few minutes it took to get to the shops were enough to have him soaked with sweat. The air conditioned coolness of the supermarket, barely any customers. Pleasant. Sliced bread. Fruit. Some vegetables (only those that could be eaten raw). Milk. Yogurt? Why not. A little cheese. Frozen pizza. Biscuits. Wasn't hard. The stationer's across the way where he could buy staff paper. It was air-conditioned too, if not as much as the supermarket. A reason to linger, have a look around. Maybe life in the real world was easier than he'd imagined. Maybe it was good to simply do what needed to be done.
John stood up again, walked back and forth a step or two. His head was buzzing. He was in over his head, had no idea what Sherlock was saying, couldn't believe it was true.
"There's time," John said calmly, not taking his eyes off Sherlock, not turning away. He lifted his hand, touched Sherlock's face affectionately, stroked his fingertips across Sherlock's temple, his cheek, touched his lips. A tender caress.
There were no indications of violence. The blanket on the bed was turned back. The nightshirt lay on the bed, the slippers in front of it. Mary's clothes and shoes were gone, she must have got dressed.
As they walked along the corridor a few minutes later on the way to the park, they ran into Dave unexpectedly. He was just coming out of a treatment room, white uniform trousers, t-shirt, headed down the hall towards them.
They sat there for a long time on the cold floor of the bathroom, leaning against the toilet. The fan kept running, uncaring. Sherlock tore toilet paper from the roll when John pulled away from him, pressed it into John's hand so he could dry himself off, passed his friend more toilet paper so he could blow his nose. He pulled John close again when a fresh bout of tears erupted. Sherlock pressed his face into John's damp hair, caressed him tenderly, waiting, simply waiting until it was over, until John lay calm and warm in his arms.
"I was sure he was the one, that we belonged together, that he was my partner for the sacred bond. But once the honeymoon phase was over, things became more difficult. It didn't take long before we drifted permanently apart. Formalities were very important to Thomas. I'm the kind of person who gets more out of what's inside than focusing on outward forms. We were good for each other at the beginning. He brought some order into my life. But we couldn't give each other what was intended by the deepest union in Christ. Our passion faded. The common ground underneath was too weak. It didn't support us.
The aggravation was slowly growing. Too many questions, and the answers were too elusive, as things currently stood.
They grinned at each other as Sherlock bent down to retrieve the comforter and followed John into their bedroom. The door closed silently behind them.
John nodded again. His face was hard but there was a touch of a smile, as well. A very deadly-looking twist of the lips that had no humor in it.
Sherlock, slowly and without breaking eye contact, slid his other arm around John’s shoulders and stepped in, again, without any threatening contact of bodies. John allowed it. Shaking his head, Sherlock said, “No. I can’t imagine it. I had my own private hell, but yours...” He took a chance and kissed John chastely on the forehead, “no, that...that is
made this clear before, so maybe this is the time.” She got up from her seat and stood before John and Sherlock. “
acknowledged his flatmate with a nod. “John. How did your evening go? You’re home a bit...early, aren’t you?” he said in apparent concern. In truth, he really didn’t want to know.
Our lips parted and, as I slipped into a well-needed sleep, I heard him say, “I love you, John Watson. Always have, always will.”
side of the table. “So, I’m thinking you can show a girl a good time, yeah? I’ve always liked older men, ya know?” She indicated the rowdies at the front of the pub. “Those boys, they’re just…
"All right." Callum sighed. He opened the drawer and took out the key. But he kept it in his hand as he said, "I'm only giving it to you because I know that you and Martin like each other. Explain to him yourself why you're interrupting the ritual. And remember, even if this does concern your friend: Martin does valuable work for the men here and forgoes his own happiness for it. He makes himself available without any restrictions. Please remain respectful. He is truly an extraordinary man."
"Good," said Celine. "Inform Mycroft in any case. You're going to go back to Meiringen and check out of the hotel. If anyone asks, say you're retreating to the Benedictine monastery in Engelberg for two weeks, in order to work through Sherlock's death. The monastery offers regular week-long retreats. Tell Mrs Hudson and Mycroft the same thing. You'll have a mobile connection once you're in Axalp, but don't call until you get to Meiringen. Remember, the antennas can reveal your location. Check out of the Baer, then take the train to Interlaken Ost, store your bags there and come back here. Take everything with you in your backpack that you'll need up here. And buy some groceries. We need coffee, tea and bread. A jar of jam would be good too. And flour. Bring whatever you have room for in your backpack. No shopping bags, that's too conspicuous. You don't need to get any butter, milk, cheese or eggs, I'll get those from the neighbour."
John walked to Interlaken Ost and got into a train to the Zurich airport. He didn't claim his bags. He just got on the train. Once in Zurich, he took the next flight to London, hoping that a bomb would explode, that he would crash. But he arrived in London in one piece. He made his way to Baker Street, walked up the stairs to the flat, and locked himself in.
Sherlock paid the cab driver and got out. He opened the door to 221B and went up the stairs, lost in thought. All of a sudden, he stopped in surprise and sniffed the air. A trace of something spicy had interrupted his train of thought. Just a whiff, a few foreign molecules amidst the familiar miasma of old wood, dust, and the stuff Mrs Hudson used to clean the stairs. Molecules that Sherlock promptly identified, making him snort grouchily. Mycroft. Just what he needed to add to his bad mood.
"The chestnut gelding belongs to us," she says. "The young stallion belongs to the Waughs. They've given him to us to take care of."
Sherlock looked terrible. Pale. Red, swollen eyes; tangled, matted hair. John stayed sitting on the edge of the bed for a few seconds, ran his hand down Sherlock's arm, squeezed it gently. Then he got up. Drowsy. He had the feeling that he'd aged by years.
"You have two horses?" I ask, pointing at the nearby paddock where a chestnut horse with a dun-coloured mane and a black horse are peacefully tearing at the grass.
John closed the clarinet case and put it away in the cupboard, gathered up the sheet music from the bed and put it in too.
John swore. He swore and paced restlessly around the living room. He had no hint as to where Sherlock might have gone. He tried to convince himself that Mycroft was right. Sherlock had gone away many times, had taken care of business for the secret service, usually somewhere in the East. Smaller things, most times. He'd never stayed away for long. And yes, sometimes he'd turned off his phone, sometimes he'd even left it in London and got another one from his brother, an anonymous one. Sherlock had always been afraid someone might make a connection to John and use it to put pressure on him. John had stayed in London those times, unhappily, but in the knowledge that Sherlock would be back. That Mycroft's people would watch out for him, would protect him out there. He'd worked in the surgery and the days had gone by and Sherlock had come back. Somtimes, then, he'd seen to Sherlock's injuries, a sign that the mission had been dangerous. He hadn't asked. And Sherlock hadn't been forthcoming.
The Burrito sat up and a slender hand accepted the papers. John held his breath as Sherlock scanned the relevant information, that incredible mind reviewing and re-assembling the pieces of the case until…
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock asked, still somewhat in shock from the recent discussion with John. John half-turned to regard her.
Her fingertips slid under his belt, insinuating themselves into his pants in back while her other hand slid over his belly, down toward his lap. He could almost feel that graceful musician’s hand rubbing over his engorging cock, coaxing it to capacity, before freeing it from it’s denim prison.
Their eyes locked and open to each other’s scrutiny, John moved his free hand to Sherlock’s cheek, first touching the bandage he had placed there, then laying his palm flat against Sherlock’s cheek, their faces close, their breaths mingling…
“You don’t know the half of it,” he finally responded, after a hasty gulp. “But, it’s ‘for better or for worse’, and we’ve seen ‘em both.”
John heaved himself out of his all-too-comfy chair and headed toward the kitchen. “So how did you sleep last night?” he asked as he set the kettle on the stovetop and turned up the gas. “I was so exhausted I just conked out.”
real threats to your well-being. When you took up with Dr. Watson...I can assure you, I scoped him out
lately, but Sherlock hadn’t taken it as a sign of any problem in their marriage. It was only in hindsight he could see the indicators. Now, the
“Bastard,” Sherlock muttered. “That thing should come with a warning label and an attorney’s card attached.”
Agent Doyle nodded, impressed but trying not to show it. “Absolutely right, Mr. Holmes. What I don’t understand is, how you knew? You had
The next time he partially emerged from slumber, there was a strange wind-like sound in his ear, and a cool/warm sensation on his neck that was familiar, yet he couldn’t quite place it. It felt nice, though, so he groggily reasoned it must all be part of some waking dream and that he should just lie there and enjoy it. He shivered in pleasure at the sensations, which seemed to move with some strange sort of intent. At one point, he even giggled a bit when a ticklish spot was touched. There was no feeling of danger or alarm, just a sense of being comfortable and warm and loved.
Sherlock obliged. He straddled John’s hips, his own erection bobbing coquetishly in front of John’s chest. John eyed it keenly. “I don’t get to see it like this often. You usually finish yourself off before I...” he wrapped a hand around the slender staff and began to stroke it with long, sensuous movements.
Leaning an arm on the dresser, John turned to Sherlock and specified, “The ladies’ panties. The white ones. With the lace.”
She batted her eyelashes at him. “Pleased to meet ya, John.” She looked around coyly. “So, are you here with anyone? A wife, a girlfriend, a mate maybe?”
“I made the right choice; he fucked up, for once! He married me!” John yelled. A passing couple gave him a wary look as they rushed past him. God, I must look, and sound, like a madman...
how he had wanted it. Sherlock still had on his shirt, belt, and harem pants, along a few select pieces of jewelry. The rest, John had expertly removed with his fingers and teeth, much to Sherlock’s delight.
I walked over to the file on the kitchen table, where John had thrown it in his fit of pique. Some of the contents had spilled out, including a picture of the victim’s house, and a formal write-up on the  victim’s symptoms and course of treatment before his death. My restless mind immediately turned to the problem and, within a few minutes time, I had churned out a theory that I couldn’t test but John could.
“Oh! That! Yeah, let me just…” John dashed into the bathroom and returned with a warm, moist washcloth and a towel, which he diligently applied to Sherlock’s curvaceous bum. Sherlock removed the sullied towel from beneath himself.
Now that Sherlock’s legs were unrestrained, Lestrade pulled the down comforter up from the foot of the bed to cover Sherlock’s body, then peered down at him. “Sherlock, will you let me look at your injuries since John can’t see them?
He heard a footfall behind him and spun around. He saw nothing. He had left the thug in the shadows a ways back, but he was on the alert for a new threat. These streets could be dangerous for anyone alone. The sooner he gained the high street, the better.
it, deep down inside you, all those wounds, all those scars...they pile up, don’t they? Eat at you, take a toll?”
And with that, Sherlock turned in a swirl of silk robe and righteous indignation and stormed back into the bedroom, slamming the door so hard the walls of the old brick building shook.
A shake of a dark, curly-haired head. “No, thank you, Mycroft. I think I’ve imposed upon you enough for one night. Again, thank you for finding John. I think I’ll take over from here.” He walked out the same way John did, only a bit slower. As he passed the open car door, he heard a light, feminine voice say, “Good luck! He’s a stubborn one.”
“Quiet, you. If you’re a very good boy, when we get back to the room. I will boff you senseless on every surface in it,” he whispered.
Agent Doyle squatted down beside them. “Mr. Holmes, you are a fucking maniac,” he said, simply and with great feeling.
“Come on, John,” he said, indicating the side of the bed nearest the loo. John approached and toed off his shoes before climbing in and covering up. Each man laid an arm across the sleeping child and snugged in close. She sighed and relaxed, even as the storm raged outside.
Additional Tags: Fluff and Angst, Happy Ending, Pre-Johnlock, rosie is a handful, Paternal Sherlock, Pining Sherlock, Oblivious John, bathtime for rosie, the truth comes out, Cuteness overload
Sherlock pressed his lips together nervously before he spoke. “I...I never want you to get tired of me, or bored with our relationship. If I can keep you
Tired of mourning for his dead flatmate, John is about to end his life. Is there anything that Sherlock can do to prevent it?
, of course! I mean, what kind of loving deity would want their children to be punished for all eternity for their mistakes? They get reborn to Earth, to live and learn, just like the rest of us.” He winked at me. “We
John pressed his lips together as he threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and lowered his own head so that their foreheads rested against each other. He closed his eyes and said, “I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much it makes me crazy sometimes. Yeah, I think you’re perfect for me, but I know you’re not, you know, ‘perfect’ perfect. Neither am I, but I want to be a better man for you. I just don’t know how.”
“Yes, that’s true!” Mori-wan Iarty was practically gleeful. “What a marvellous idea! Well, here I am!” Smiling, he held out his arms, one hand still bearing his light saber. “Kill me!”
Sherlock grinned. John reached out to grab his face in both hands, but stopped, mid-movement, and asked, “May I touch the dancer?”
if the first time didn’t deter you from a repeat performance!” He eyed Sherlock fondly as he chuckled to himself.
. Sherlock shook his head and mouthed, “No!” but John wasn’t having any of it. He twisted in his bonds until his hands were scraped and bloody, teeth gritted in concentration.
, you ask?” John snapped back. “Yes, I’m fu...absolutely sure. I subscribed to her page after I met her. She seemed to have forgotten that. So, there I am, sitting along, getting all these messages about how horrible her date is and she’s so lucky she found out sooner rather than later what a cheapskate I am and how she’s going to ditch me...”
, losing touch with reality with each escalation of sensation. Sherlock murmured, “Stay with me, John” and that seemed to bring him back to himself, at least temporarily. “Okay, sorry, sorry, it just…feels so fucking
There was a mostly-finished bottle of whiskey next to him and a shattered short tumbler in the fireplace. Jamming the clip into place, he held it up to his head and whispered, “I’m coming, Sherlock...”
Barely suppressing a smile, John kissed Sherlock on the head like a petulant child and conceded the argument. “All right, love. Your choice.”
“Ample evidence of your impulsivity, Sherlock. Don’t you think it best to recover first, before heading out to tilt at another windmill?”
John didn’t even bother to call out to his friend. He knew there would be no response. He removed his jacket and hung it next to the belstaff greatcoat that hadn’t seen use in weeks.
Sherlock’s expression softened. “Oh. Okay.” He shifted around and laid down with his head on his pillow.
Sherlock snorted quietly before responding, icily, “Thank you.” Yet, he didn’t move. He just sat and stared, his face unreadable. John didn’t meet his eyes. Instead, he sat down at the table and began opening containers.
Anthea looked up from where she was texting on her phone with a tight smile. “Home. Where else did you think you’d be going at this time of night?”
“Should I add another finger?” Sherlock asked. John nodded, his mind already slipping away. Sherlock withdrew his fingers and added a third, sliding in even more slowly and carefully than before. Before he was even halfway inserted, John arched again. “Fuck! Oh, fucking hell! Keep going babe, keep going, fuck, that’s so good,
As John turned to deliver the cup, Sherlock laid his head down on the table before him, resting his forehead on his crossed wrists. John smiled and his eyes lit up as he set the cup down by Sherlock’s head. “Well,
John melted inside. People like Agent Doyle only ever saw the brilliant but difficult Consulting Detective, but it was John’s privilege to know the man
“Glad we got in on time,” John noted. They both took another sip in silence as the rain tatted on the glass. John swirled his scotch in his glass and wondered aloud, “I wonder how much of my past os bound up in my drinking?”
His voice dangerously charged, Sherlock replied, “I enjoy sex when it is a coupling of two people who love each other and enjoy giving and receiving pleasure together. Lately, however, it’s been an exercise in exorcising
!” Sherlock shot back as he carried Rosie, fireman-style, up to John’s room. All the while, the little girl giggled, as if pleased with herself.
! You come back angry and you yell at Papa, who always lets you do it even though it upsets him.!” He face was flushed and she looked about ready to cry.
“Jesus,” John murmured. He looked into Lestrade’s eyes as if pleading for him to believe what he was about to say. “Greg, he took me over!”
“Don’t,” Sherlock’s voice held an edge that bode Mycroft no good. “Don’t go there. I love him, but I could
, Rosie. Your daddy can’t know any of this, okay?” He leaned in until they were almost nose-to-nose. “Your daddy needs...
,” Sherlock had said, as if John would remember under his current circumstances) Sherlock danced, undulated, shimmied, and belly-rolled his way through a choreography that fascinated and entranced John. It was like watching some mystical spirit enticing him with its beauty and grace of movement. While he could see what Sherlock meant about it not being
!” She slammed her open hand down into the bubbles, sending up a geyser of soapy water that cascaded down on them both.
“Meet my friend, Georgie,” Sergei said, indicating a smaller man who had walked in behind him. “He is interpreter, he will make sure you don’t say anything you will regret.” He grinned as he held the phone up to show Sherlock it was time. “The number, please.”
“And you’re the biggest child I know. Now, shut it and get in line.” John slipped his arm around the small of Sherlock’s back and propelled him forward until they were at the loading platform. John and Sherlock were the last ones on the boat, in the rearwardmost seat. The boat moved forward.
Lestrade barked back, “I’m just along for the ride, sweetheart. We got shanghaied by the Imperial Fleet and they’ve got my ship in one of their bays, held by a tractor beam. That Mori guy went to disable it.”
The shadows left Sherlock’s eyes and he smiled—a real, honest-to-Sherlock smile, the kind that made John’s knees wobble and his cock grow three-fold. Sherlock bracketed John’s face with his long, delicate hands and kissed him tenderly, a kiss John returned with relief and not just a little heat. When they came up for air, finally, Sherlock gazed down into his eyes and said, “Then you still love me? I’m still...enough for you?”
He didn’t look up when he said, “I’m out of here. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t watch you stupidly risk your life over and over again. I’m
“So stubborn,” she purred as she leaned over his body and viciously slapped him across the face. “You know, those cheekbones were made for slapping. Maybe I should indulge myself a little. After all, all work and no play…”
Both men chuckled as Sherlock, off to one side, glared at them. Lestrade went over to explain the plan to him while John contacted his former unit to request an interpreter.
John nodded absently, his eyes still unfocused. “Yeah, maybe you’re right. Send me the evidence once you get it, yeah?”
A week. Plenty of time for them to get away to someplace we’ll never find them. Strangely, I decided that I didn’t actually care anymore. Let them go and be happy together. I doubted either one of them would live long enough to matter, anyway. I just felt sorry for the baby.
, god help him, that John had just melted into a gooey puddle of adoration. Their lovemaking had comprised mostly of kissing, fondling, a blowjob, and a handjob, both of which were done with extreme enthusiasm on the parts of the parties involved. There was also much cuddling and many soft whispers and giggles exchanged thereafter, leading to a lie-in of massive proportions.
“I don’t think you understand yet the degree to which your indiscretions, your rages, your continuing inability to come to grips with your own—and my—imperfections affect my emotional well-being. Having learned how to experience emotions, I am now faced with having to learn how to not let them destroy me.” He closed his hand yet again. Before he could open it, John leaned forward and grabbed his fist. Sherlock calmly turned his face toward his husband’s, silver eyes inquiring.
“Please do,” John encouraged him, his grin becoming even more feral as he approached. “I’ve got no reason to live. I just walked out on my husband,  my work, and my home. I’ve got nothing left. But I’m not going to let a piece of shite like you push me around!”
“’Ey! ‘Ey, that’s mine! Give it back!” the bully blustered. Another one of the men stepped in to kick him soundly in the arse and told him to “shut it”.
for it. They had me beaten, then threw me to the wolves. My wife left me, took my children, because no one would hire me again. I became a desperate man, on the run from others of the network. I
As Sherlock buried himself entirely inside John, a moan escaped two throats at once. Mental coherence flew out the window as Sherlock practiced withdrawing and resheathing himself inside his lover. Each gentle thrust took them closer to the edge of their control, especially when Sherlock shifted his position and found John’s prostate. The result was impressive as John’s hips reared up and he impaled himself completely on Sherlock’s cock. Muscular legs wrapped around a slender waist as medically-trained hands grabbed at Sherlock’s plump bum and pulled.
“One of the network. They all know who you are, and they keep watch for...unusual incidents, which they report to me.”
John looked down and stated “You are. You deserve the best the world can offer. You deserve someone better than me.”
John blew air out through his nose. “Nothing,” he said, peevishly. He forcefully shoved the drawer closed, pushing himself away from it at the same time. “Nothing important.” With that, he strode out of the bedroom, his slippers making flapping sounds in his haste.
“How did you find us?” was the first question on John’s lips before the paramedic applied salve to the split areas.
to spare the rod on this spoiled child. The result being that Sherlock had finally ended up exhausted and John had exited the bedroom feeling more than a bit pleased with himself.
Sherlock sighed. She was, like her father, stubborn. This wouldn’t be easy. “I’m worried, that’s all,” he said, succinctly.
He shook his head in irritation. How does everything come back around to Sherlock? He had a life apart from Sherlock once, and he could do it again. And yet...all those women...how had he screwed up those relationships? By putting them second to Sherlock, of course, the man he had demanded he was ‘not gay’ for time and time again. The man who was the best thing that had ever happened to him.
John levered himself up on his elbows and, looking down at Sherlock, asked, “Why do we always seem to end up doing things
“Not always, no. But I have been able to suss it out over time. You are not a hard man to read, John Watson, but you are hard to reach, and you always surprise me.” A tremulous smile graced that tempting mouth. “You think you have to be perfect for me?” He shook his head. “No, you don’t. You think you have to be worthy of me?” Again, a shake of the head. “No. You far surpass me in so many ways. You think you don’t deserve to be happy?” Yet another shake of the head. “You do, you stupid git! Let me prove it to you. Let me help you, as you have helped me, to become fulfilled as a human being. We can rewrite ourselves. We can create a future together that we could never have dreamt of before we met.” Sherlock leaned in and kissed him. John’s head swum just a bit at the gloriousness of it. “Just, let me in. Trust me; even if you don’t trust yourself, trust me.” He winked and grinned, shakily. “Even if I am a bit daft.”
,” Sherlock moaned, staring around him at the bright colors, cheerful music, and screaming children as though he had entered the Ninth Ring of Hell.
“Holy shit!” John yelled as he leapt up from his seat, hitting his thighs on the edge of the table and spilling his beer in the process. The girl jumped back, startled. “What the hell? What’s wrong, John? Don’t you want to…”
Sherlock smirked as the two of them sat down to eat. John was busy suppressing a grin. “Why do you have to bait the police at every turn, Sherlock? Not that it isn’t terribly amusing, but…”
had the pleasure of beholding,” John quipped, as he took a sip of iced tea from his tall glass, garnished with lemon and mint. “If it weren’t for the sunburn, I would be asking for the privilege of pounding it into the mattress.”
“Yeah, I was getting a bit tired of all that sunshine,” John agreed, as he flopped down into his beloved overstuffed chair and toed off his shoes.
The comforter suddenly flew off Sherlock’s face and he snarled, “What sort of half-arsed, ill-considered treatment is this? Trying to crush me to death under your not-inconsiderable weight and smother me with blankets?” He threw the comforter back over his head again without awaiting an answer.
Doctor John Watson dragged his sorry arse up the final flight of steps to the second floor and the warmth and hominess that radiated through the open doors of 221B. God, what a day. He’d been called in on a consult by an old colleague who had suspected that an injury sustained by one of his patients had had its origins in some sort of domestic and/or criminal action. Consequently, John had found himself in the middle of a general brouhaha involving himself, the doctor, the patient, his common-law wife, his wife from a bigamous relationship (with whom he had been staying), his drug dealer (who was
They stayed like that for several minutes, just touching lips—whispy, feathery kisses, little nips, barely-there caresses of tongues—while they breathed in each other’s scent, lost in the thrill of re-discovery. Sherlock’s delicate fingers deftly stroked John’s cheek, skimming the stubble on his jaw and following it down to his throat. John’s eyes drifted closed again as he relaxed into the glorious sensations he had missed all this time. He hardly dared move for fear it would break the spell of the moment.
600 thread count, indicative of one of the finer hotels in the city. That meant that the person responsible for his abduction was someone who was used to the finer things in life. That narrowed the eligibility pool down even further.
but him. He is one of the most half-arsed jedi you could possibly meet! Man can’t decide if he wants to turn or not, so he just keeps fucking people like you up, then steps back and lets someone from the Dark Side either kill or turn them. Fucking arsehole.”
took all the wind out of John’s indignation. “Sherlock, stop being so damned self-sacrificing. Stop taking all the pain, all the grief...just
“That day at the Palace, with you wrapped in that sheet…remember I asked you if you were wearing any pants?”
Sherlock closed his eyes before answering. “Yes, Fleur, I believe he did. I have never asked him. It’s… too sensitive a subject, even now.”
“Oh, God, that’s right, babe, just like that. Keep pushing in as far as you can go,” John instructed breathlessly. He was trying to keep control of himself and stay coherent but Sherlock could see—and
“So, the accident,” Sherlock said, a propos of nothing, “why would Mary choose that moment to flee, and with a child? All she had to do was wait it out...”
