Tony seems uncomfortable, and stops six feet short of Steve. He keeps glancing over his shoulder, as if someone had followed him.
The most unsettling thing is that Steve doesn’t definitively know what the last moment had been, when he had seen the true Tony. Had it been it on the news? Had it been the night they met in the ball field? Had it been the back of Tony's head, worrying over a cup of coffee, walking in the opposite direction, so distracted that he didn’t notice Steve watching from the shadows?
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” he says. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
* * *
He doesn’t need his full mental capacity to default to self-flagellation; he’s wired to assume he deserves this, and somehow the self loathing makes it easier to endure.
Once more, smug, Tony pats the space beside him in invitation. “Want to come out of that rain before you catch your death?”
With a final nod of derision, Hades flicks his wrist to reopen the door and snap the recorders back on. He leaves without another word.
His weapon, a thunderbolt, was hurled at those who displeased or defied him.
His mom may have always sung to him before she left, an offering, a promise of her return.
“I saw you guys this morning.”
The canon’s aim is true.
Tony sends Steve a lazy salute once they make their way across the room and Steve crouches down to settle next to Bucky and Morita. It’s both an acknowledgement and a good-night.
“The engineer just radioed ahead. Hydra dispatch gave him permission to open the throttle.” Jones slips off his headphones, concern bleeding through his voice.
"We haven't seen each other in so long! It's as if it was yesterday that poor Dum Dum lost all his precious cigarettes because of you."
Tony only hopes that if Steve could see him now, he’d be proud of the suit and the decision he’s making to make things right. It may be out of guilt and tainted by the blood already on his hands, but better late than never.
No, he won’t let that happen.
He’d almost forgotten he asked for anything left under the name Antonius Collins. With no other familial connections, apparently everything was given to Howard Stark.
He briefly thinks of all of the awful things that would happen if the Fates decided to curse him for eternity.
He breaks eye contact to look at her.
“That would be good, but I think there’s a way to simplify it even more.” Hephaestus pauses for a moment to calculate the maintenance and overall output. “If we have a single unit that accounts for exhaust pressure on the front we could have it so that each time a pulse of exhaust pressure hits a membrane from the back the rushing displacement of air on the front sucks in more and pushes it into an air box."
Hephaestus wonders what he did to let the young man bring down his guard.
“Upstairs with Obadiah.”
He recognizes her.
Bucky doesn’t dare to step any closer from behind Steve. Shock renders both of them completely still. Tony, devastated at what Steve must think of him now, can feel his defenses flickering.
Collins or Stark, it doesn’t matter. He owes it to the most heroic person he’s ever known to keep that promise.
When he turns back around his face is… askew.
Because when they finally get to go home, he doubts the pain of it will go away. The flinches, the nightmares.
It’s always shudder inducing to think about how many connections Hades has, not only directly to the Fates, but the other whisperings of the universe.
He blocks the agent’s fist with his forearm and twists. Now off-balance, Hephaestus pushes his advantage by sweeping the man’s legs out from under him. He doesn’t let the agent fall however, instead he grabs one of the straps of his tactical suit and yanks him upward to punch him in the throat.
He takes a breath.
It all looks familiar, which he knows is from the information Hades gave him about the war.
“Ah, ah, ah,” he tuts. “I’d watch that mouth of yours. You’re not the one holding a gun.”
“I have the serum.” Steve says, and pulls himself up next to Tony. “Missing a couple hours of sleep won’t kill me.”
Then he recognizes that the man standing in front of him wears Howard Stark’s face.
“Yeah, I guess it wasn’t too bad. We had to have cooked with some gas,” Jones relents.
“Hephaestus.”
“I know. I’m getting there. The main issue with that is what would happen once your influence over him is gone. Best case scenario is that you end up on Earth again, even more injured than you are right now.”
“Sure,” Hephaestus chokes out.
And by interesting, he means annoying.
He’s always been far, far too selfish.
His legs buckle and he falls.
“You really never stopped looking for me,” Tony says, soft.
Hades doesn’t have the same reservations when Steve throws open the jump door, “Rogers, get back here. I’m taking you all the way in!”
His shoulders are broader again, although his facial structure looks eerily similar. How didn't he notice that before? Tony blames the military and their lack of mirrors.
“Of course.”
Nothing would bring him greater joy than knocking Fury off his fucking high horse. A small twitch of his hand however, is the only release of energy he allows to show.
Thor immediately goes on the offensive again, thrusting an arm out to summon Mjölnir for another attack.
Barely.
He reaches the compartment just a few hundred feet from the ground and tears through metal.
appeared, despite the fact that you–”
Tony, hand still on the wheel of his Stark 11 (a gorgeous R8 Spyder, thanks for asking), only narrows his eyes as any indication that he heard and is listening to JARVIS’s suggestion.
Because his thoughts have always been flighty. A mess of words and equations. Tumbling. Jerking. They will crisscross into different channels of thought without warning. And sure, it’s what makes him so smart, but it washes up to edge of his sanity.
Tony takes a few more hits and lets himself drift with the temporary high of nicotine. Thoughts of a time decades ago and still so fresh swirl in his mind.
Hephaestus would lose the more blood-like benefits of ichor and cease to exist.
“Just tell me if he’s alive, sir.
“My sincerest apologies. I understand my regret will mean very little at this point, but mighty Hephaestus, please know I never intended to cross the most infamous inventor in the universe. Let alone with your own creation.”
He guesses the lab is for weapons and that’s what Steve will get to see tomorrow morning, but Hephaestus can’t help the burning desire he has to create something of his own. He’s forged weapons for the greatest heroes mankind has ever known. He’s created for people of
He doesn’t know what Artemis is up to, but the moon is full for the second time in two days, reflecting off the layers of ice in a glow that makes the sky look more purple than its usual inky black. He can clearly see the brittle, naked limbs of a few trees that stretch high despite the unforgiving season.
“You mentioned your friend was part of the 107th?” Carter looks at Steve.
He’s read about the tesseract.
He tentatively reaches out to see if any magic is involved, but he doesn’t find anything.
All he needs is a few minutes.
Hades just smiles. It doesn’t reach his eyes. “I don’t know enough yet to worry you unnecessarily.” He shakes his head. “All you need to worry about is joining those men. A warrior as clever as you having their backs is priceless.”
Pepper shrugs and looks at Rhodey. They share a tired smile. “We have the time.”
He can connect to the internet or his phone and send a text message without even blinking.
“Tony?”
“Let me get this straight.” Dugan leans forward.
That’s something people only believe in comic books.
He won’t be able to hurt anyone anymore.
No. Instead, when Loki fires the weapon far more powerful than he understands, it misses the man.
Even when slowly, almost without notice, Ares began steering Hephaestus’s work toward only weapons for war.
He hears himself say “Ma’am,” following Bucky’s lead, but his eyes are glued to the god disguised as Howard Stark.
“Well, he's got to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier.” Banner trails off, lost in thought.
“He will.” Hades raises his head toward one of walls as if hearing or seeing something. Hephaestus looks the same way in confusion, but after a moment figures it’s exclusively a Lord of the Underworld thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Always, darling,” Tony replies, sounding about as bad as he feels. “What happened?”
(He would have needed Tony’s five to do what he had been transparently trying to do.)
“I don’t think help is coming,” Steve says, after a long time.
But that’s not Steve; that’s never been what he really wants, even if the monster in him surfaces in moments of weakness. He thinks that sometimes his worst fears blur into his desires, and he tries to lend himself enough forgiveness to know how destroyed he would be if he ever truly hurt Tony.
"Let me fucking go, you fucking asshole, why the fuck are you even
“Don’t be stupid.”
Steve doesn’t look convinced. “I just have to find the right way.”
He finishes anther glass of ginger ale, and it churns in his nervous stomach. He sets the crystal cut glass on the nightstand.
this was entirely new information to Steve. He already knows, all too well. The word ‘skrull’ brings flashes of gore and smoke and viscera crawling across his vision. He blinks it away. He makes himself smile.
" Tony says. "What’s going on? What’s—
Spider-Man leaves the cause. He has the integrity to say goodbye before disappearing. Steve tries to set him up with a head start, to hide well, but he doesn’t have much to give anymore. God knows the guy deserves it, after everything he has given.
“Be safe out there,” Tony says, near monotone. He sounds like he has given up. Accepted the reality, whatever that means to him. Or maybe he's just seeing specters again. “I hope you change your mind. I’m sorry for wasting your time.”
Someone
Steve’s heart starts racing immediately. He sits up in bed, enveloped in velvet darkness. It feels to good to be true. Please, God, let it be true.
tangible; but grief is a symptom, and the cause is still a gordian knot. The Registration Act and SHIELD, skrull fingers puppeteering the government, bitter final words between he and Tony, corpses half-buried in the rubble, fires in the skies. His best friend disappearing into a haze of smoke, not yet since heard from again. There had been no cathartic peak, no release of tension, no relief. Just a slow hemorrhaging of spirit, and life, and self.
Tony continues, “In light of these events, I have committed myself to doubling down my efforts with SHIELD to bring this era of suffering to and end, and bring closure and retribution to the families of all of those who have been lost. We must not forget what this is about. Justice. Justice for Stamford. Justice for the Goliath, even if he himself was mislead by resistance leader, Captain America.”
* * *
“You have to stop this,” Steve says. (Later, he will regret this. He’ll regret not making Tony finish his thought.
“Guess even the law takes holidays off,” Tony slurred. Where the hell was the Sheriff?
“Oh, I didn’t need to cheat, don’t flatter yerself. The trick is simple math,” he chortled, not realizing the shit he had just stepped in. He placed the last gold piece on top of his stack, mighty pleased with himself.
"You have to go, Steve," Sam pleads. He sounds as tired as Steve feels.
“Let’s get you up. I’m going to help you. You ought to get home and rest, and I’m needed in town, last minute preparations for the Christmas party,” Steve said. He extended a leather gloved hand for Tony.
It’s only then that Tony realizes they’re only inches apart. Steve’s breath is warm on Tony’s skin.
It had almost been the final nail in his coffin; he had thought about detouring to a bar on his way home. Instead, he’d taken himself home and thrown himself back into the work. The phantom taste of scotch is there, still, in the back of his throat. Taunting him, the memory of warmth as he swallow, despite never having touched a drop. And if scotch would make the shadows stop moving at the corners of his vision, maybe it would have been worth it. The paranoia never eases, and thoughts of the drink follow him around, as well as the bogeyman he swears is always a step behind him.
Steve says to Maria Hill, “I
“It was a good night. The folks had fun. I never seen anything like it,” Tony admitted, fiddling with his empty whiskey glass. “Usually, the holidays come and go without too much fanfare, ‘round here. I guess I didn’t believe anyone really gave a damn.”
As the plane’s nose tilts down, the engine whines loud enough to drown out whatever Steve is shouting at the unconscious pilot. It’s like being stuck in slow motion; Steve is saying something, shaking his shoulders, and Tony vomits on himself. Through thick cloud cover, he can see the mountains rushing up to meet them out the window. He thinks, if he survives this, no one will ever talk him into flying so nearly sober ever again.
And while he doesn’t expect this habit to yield any helpful result, it becomes a comfort to him, and one consistent part of his day. A sort of ritual; the first thing he does in the morning is write a message to Tony, and it’s the last thing he checks before going to sleep at night.
people, in the heart of things, rather than self-medicating into numbness at the fringes.
. The thread just stretches, and sags, and you’re still bound. You’re still tied. But the pull is gone, and the world moves on.
“Jarvis,” Tony says; it’s obvious. He points to where Jarvis stands with a tray of— “Oh.”
“Do I remind you of your war buddies? Comrades in arms?”
“No, no. ’S’okay, you’re okay,” Tony reassured, folding an arm over his aching chest, “It’s just my rib. Damaged goods. Don’t mind me.”
And yet.
His worries are soon assuaged.
“Are you trying to tell me,” Tony begins slowly, feigning seriousness, “That now might not be the best time to quit drinking? You’re right. I’ll try and reschedule withdrawals for a week from today, will you check my calendar? Actually, let’s make it next month, see if they can hold a bed for me at a cushy rehab center.”
On an impulse, he puts his lips against Tony’s filthy forehead, and presses a tiny kiss to his skin. He smells real. Feels real. Tony doesn’t even stir.
He laughs like hellfire sounds.
“Spock.” It’s too good. He laughs, again. “But his eyebrows are better. And I don’t think Spock gives blowies.”
Steve comes back, some amount of time later, hair flattened to his head and tattered uniform clinging to his body like some kind of pin-up calendar. He’s carrying a piece of metal, warped into the shape of a dish, filling with rainwater in his hand.
At some point, he must have lost consciousness. Blame it on his good luck.
Tony walks across the scorched earth to stand in front of Steve.
The empty feeling emboldens him. Steve’s fingertips tingle. He swallows a lump in his throat and reaches over, gently taking the empty helmet and faceplate in his hands, the skull. Alas, poor Yorrick. He handles it delicately, like a faberge egg.
* * *
* * *
“You taste like toothpaste,” Steve says. He’s flying right now, and he thinks
But Steve looks like a wreck, and he’s here
He can hold on to that.
“I think I’d be left stateside to keep all the girls company. Not sure they draft soldiers with tumors pressing on their brains,” Tony says cheerfully. “Might affect my decision making.”
“Thank you,” he says.
Tony smiles, empty. “I hope not,” Tony says. He starts to turn to leave, but pauses. He clears his throat. “And Steve?”
“I think we should rest, soon. A few more minutes. When we get over this peak we should be able to see better,” Steve says.
Howard gets older. His hair grows long and white. He looks like Santa Claus, but skinny and mean. Tony could laugh.
Steve doesn’t dare message back in case it
“Why’re you looking at me like that?”
* * *
Steve puts pressure on Tony’s chest until the fight goes out of him.
“I don’t want you to make yourself sick,” Steve says.
Understanding flickers across Steve’s face. He exhales. “Ah,” and his expression softens— infuriatingly kind, after every horrible thing Tony’s sad. The sort of kindness he wants to mistake for pity so he can shut himself off from it, safer alone.
“I killed him,” Steve says. He’s still sitting on the chest of his victim. Corpse pinned between his knees.
have Tony on his side.)
"Get help. Get--
thought I needed to bring you to my bedroom to show you confidential SHIELD files? I always knew you were more brawn than brain, Steve, but God, I still think I managed to overestimate you,” Tony says.
, taking Steve for a guilt trip when lives are being ruined, lives being lost. He wants to throttle him, and scream
They arrive on the scene. The sky glows tropical red against the light-polluted stars. Aside from the murmur of fires burning, it is quiet. Too quiet; there are no civilians trapped here. Cable is the first to clock it as a trap, but by the time he notices, tranquilizer darts begin to rain down, as Steve wheels around and screams out to warn the others.
It’s the catalyst for rapid change, and a blow to international security. The consequences are a mix of good and bad. With the news out that Tony was
“Please.”
The big guy turned Tony onto his back and dragged him through the dirt by his shirt collar. Tony’s head lolled back; he didn’t try to struggle, anymore. He was too battered to put much fight into it, and whether or not he admitted it, he
Steve looks at the false Tony one last time. He feels
Steve pants raggedly, fluid in his lungs; he had held himself together with adrenaline and a sense of purpose that both rapidly flee from him now that the job is done. Leeched dry, empty. Husk.
Steve stands up to leave. “Just so you know, I wouldn’t tell anyone. I won’t. If you’re worried about Natasha, you shouldn’t. People do crazy things, when they think they’re dying. I’ve seen it before. It doesn’t have to mean a thing. It’ll be like it never happened.”
Something twists in Tony’s stomach; he knows a thing or too, about waste. He stumbles again. “Those sure are pretty words, Captain. But it won’t matter for long.”
“Why do you always have to do that?” he says, surprisingly sharp in tone considering how carefully he has been handling Tony. “The jokes, the comments, I’m not
If he
— he often finds himself suddenly awaken by Tony gently nudging Steve with his foot. They meet eyes and Steve’s rapid breathing slows, and his shirt sticks to the back of his neck with cold sweat, and he could never express how much he appreciates Tony’s silence.
The ugly truth is that whatever anger and betrayal Steve had felt of Tony, many of his allies hold pure hatred and contempt. They would be happy to see Tony dead, after everything. Steve never felt that way, not really, but now, he second guesses. Sometimes, in the heat of the moment— when he thinks with adrenaline and blood instead of memory— violence appeals to him, like a dark siren song luring him closer to the rocks. Flashing images, bruised knuckles, the ringing of the shield reverberating from a dead-on hit, dented armor, bloody teeth— impulses to show Tony what he’s earned,
Tony trails off, distracted; he’s seeing things again, in the dark.
In the morning, his clothes still smell like Tony and sickly sweet soda, and humiliation.
* * *
“Please. We’re not here to talk about
“I’m dumping you at the gate if there’s liquor on your breath,” Steve grunts, conceding, “Sober up. I’ll be there in twenty.”
Steve leaned on the counter beside Tony and removed his hat with
, and now, hobbling into the saloon, held together by bandages, leaning on a crutch for balance, he thought,
He inhales a lungful of that familiar smell and sighs, reaching up absentmindedly to twist a strand of her hair around his finger. Natasha gently bats his hand away.
The fall is far but it happens fast. They don’t even see the drop-off until they’re upon it. It’s too dark. They’re too tired. Tony is asleep on his feet, and he’s leaning hard on Steve, who is also tired, and both his hands are full— one supporting Tony, and the other with their meager water container.
“Well, I am.” He’s irritable and insecure— and it’s because Tony doesn’t think he’s ashamed for any of the reasons that he should be.
He feels calm. Maybe because things aren't perfect, and they're both still fucked up, and struggling, so it doesn't feel like an ending. It doesn't feel like either of them expect love to fix anything. It doesn't feel like they'll end up disappointed.
“Kiss me,” Tony said.
"I should have cleaned this out for you," Steve says slowly. "I'm sorry you had to be exposed to this."
“We’ll get dinner when you’re on your feet again,” she promises.
He rises and starts pacing again. Reaching out , he drags his fingertip against the cliff’s wall. “It’s nearly dry.
“Where d’you think yer going, pig?”
“I thought I was searchin’ for a body, Stark. I’m just glad I got out here in time.”
Then his hand slips and he stumbles, losing his footing in a cascade of little pebbles bouncing to the ground. “Damn it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
That night, lying awake in bed, he thinks about what he did and he tries to muster guilt for fighting dirty with dirty. Steve cares about integrity, and he cares about doing things right. Steve doesn’t buy into the ends justifying the means. That’s the whole point. He isn't comfortable with himself, and the dissonance between how he sees himself and how he acted today haunts him. He can't bring himself to regret it, yet.
“Ouch, easy— fuckin’ hell, that smarts,” Tony hissed as Steve heaved him up into his arms, bridal style. Steve’s knees shook— Tony could feel Steve’s muscles tremor with the effort, yet the sheriff made not a single complaint.
It ends too fast but it’s probably for the best. Tony goes boneless, after, every ounce of energy sapped from him. Exhausted and sated, he sighs, tipping his head back against the cliff wall to catch his breath. Steve even has the manners to clean Tony up when he’s done, with his mouth, and he doesn’t draw attention to it when Tony’s too drained to get hard again.
“A seizure, Tony. Are you feeling okay?”
Something between fury and fear crosses Steve’s face. Tony recognizes it as vulnerability. He wonders how it feels for Steve, all muscle and imposing statue and power, to feel so exposed. And it’s thrilling, to put him in that position. It’s a power struggle that’s only so delightful because of how easily the dynamic could be reversed.
knew had never existed in the realm of flesh; a synaptic invention, dancing behind Steve’s eyelids, idyllic false idol. The Galatea to Steve’s perverse Pygmalion. He’s disgusted with himself. Self-flattering romantic, walking through life with his hands over his eyes. How often has he allowed himself to be so blinded by what he wants to see? In Tony? In the world? In himself? He might have once been a jaded relic of the past, but he has made himself a place in the present by believing that the work he does is worth it, for a better future. Anything can be endured if it means tomorrow might be better.
"Fuck you," Tony snaps.
“Merry Christmas to me,” he said in a sing-song slur. He knocked back the last drop of his drink, setting the glass on the table a little too hard. Graceless. He laid his cards face down on the table, not eager to show his ‘winning’ hand. He’d won with a five and a three. He wasn’t about to
At least, not so much, when he had his particular set of skills and a knack for doing calculation in his head. And hell, if he had a run of good luck at poker once in a while, that ought to balance out the shit luck he seemed to have in all other areas of his life.
And Steve realizes that his vision won’t ever come to pass. There will never be a moment where Sarah as a young woman angrily accuses them of gilding their pasts, of drawing a curtain over the tough subjects. She knows what the truth looks like. And just like her daddy, she knows that sometimes you can change it, just for a minute. Just to make the world kinder to you.
Steve listens as Tony spins his own straw past into gold, telling Sarah the story of the day Steve plunged into the Atlantic. It doesn’t strike him as a particularly pleasant bedtime story, but Sarah sits in Tony’s lap with an enraptured gaze, eyes, so like Steve’s, wide and unblinking.
Tony just knows what to say, to make his answers into fairytales instead of nightmares. He makes their most terrifying monsters into easily slain dragons and hands Sarah the sword to do it.
Falsworth grins. “Sounds rather fun, actually.”
A warmth spreads everywhere throughout Hephaestus. This is definitely a moment he’ll remember for a very long time.
That’s his fault though.
“Oh Hephaestus. Look at what you’ve done.”
Then the sound of a piano trickles in.
“What do you want me to do? Build them their weapon?” Tony scoffs. “They’ll kill us either way. Not to mention, my own personal countdown. I’ll last until the end of the week.”
Just as Hephaestus bends down behind Steve’s shield, the curtain opens. The guard peers inside, the red, white, and blue standing out among the supplies. Steve doesn’t wait. The shield springs out, smashing the man in the face. Once the guard drops, Steve and Hephaestus emerge from the truck.
It was somewhat difficult at first to believe that this was same man who blushed pink at compliments and believed in the future. Believed in hope.
His hand reaches out for the bottle.
, finds him curled up underneath the staircase.
Tony has to admit to himself that the latter is stronger.
The man scrubs a hand over his face at the non-answer.
“Of course.” Tony responds, volume equally soft. He smiles, and he knows it probably looks stupidly wide, but the only person here is Steve. “Together, right?”
Hephaestus narrows his eyes in blatant suspicion, but Hades returns his scrutiny with a wink before pivoting away.
Dum-E makes a quite frankly pitiful sound, before racing over to him. The bot skids to a stop and with a gentleness that makes the crinkles by Tony’s eyes deepen even more, gently pokes him in the arm.
He avoids all of them whenever he can because he doesn’t want to define the emotion in their eyes. Because he’s afraid his little bubble of forced calm will crack.
Rhodey finishes, “But you’ll support him.”
“Yeah.” Tony tries to keep his voice carefully light and swings his legs idly. Bits of snow from the bottom of his boots fall.
That isn’t to say some freaking out wasn’t involved, but Tony has a feeling they just don’t truly grasp what his godhood means.
“Get ready to jump, Steve.” Hephaestus doesn’t look at him.
“What are you talking about?”
No, he’s always alone. He’s Iron Man. Aren’t Starks
Tony is helpless to fight it.
Okay, but that the Raptor hit
Tony tries to keep the disgust from invading his expression because as much as it is about greed, he understands that people’s jobs are on the line.
The soldiers will be going through basic training until Erskine chooses one of them.
Now, he truly can’t ignore it anymore.
Steve learned that he was wrong. He was stupidly,
The entire hearing with the Senate Armed Services Committee is a sad attempt at getting him to hand over the armor.
Although Steve is only allotted 15 minutes, Hephaestus can’t help but look forward to seeing Steve eating from a metal tray (well, maybe not the tray because dear gods no). If he was pressed, he’d go as far to say it’s his favorite part of the day.
It was time to get back to work.
Jones doesn’t wait for him to finish. “We barely got out of there alive and you want us to go back?”
“Besides, we’re your friends.” Rhodey walks over to Tony to place a gentle hand on his shoulder. “I think I can speak for both of us when I say we have your back no matter what.”
Underneath his skin, he buzzes with energy. His whole being
Wait– no, that’s wrong.
Tony looks up at Brooklyn Heights’ sky, a light-polluted wash of navy. Then down at the huge concrete slab dedicated to Captain Steven Grant Rogers.
The order is sharper than any knife.
The boy entered the throne room, a massive place filled with artifacts and columns that ended with the sky.
He can’t let this evil copycat win. He
This whole thing is ridiculous, but when Hermes takes the other chair, Hephaestus just decides to sit on the edge of the cot and let the insanity run its course.
After his demonstration for an impenetrable armor (“It is for Achilles, the greatest warrior on Earth.” “Whatever, Ares.”) Odin had approached him alone.
Fair skin flushes all the way to down his neck, and Hephaestus can’t help the fond smile that curls his lips upward. He wishes he could stay here. With Steve.
Hephaestus braces himself for Hades to attack. He’s heard the stories of what happens to those who dare to disrespect the god of the dead. The room is still with painful, literally cold tension for several moments.
He settles his breathing to keep his knuckles from turning white in anger.
“Good job, boys.” Fortunately, Romanoff interrupts Tony’s panic over the comms. Only seconds later, a team of SHIELD operatives are deployed from the Quinjet to properly arrest Loki.
Decades ago, entangled with Steve and a torturous fall.
Never mind the fact that his overall paranoia isn’t unfounded.
Because suddenly he’s four years old and building his first circuit board in the shadows of Howard’s lab. Discovered and punished with fists behind a closed door, but only after boasting to the world about a legacy.
Back then his workshop was much vaster. A place truly fit for the god of innovation with hidden doorways where he harnessed the power of volcanic mountains and neutron stars.
When he does speak, Steve’s voice is almost a whisper, “Why did you?”
Once, in the very beginning, Ares had even sat down to tell him stories of the gods’ past.
Tony looks up at the massive memorial and speaks even though his voice is hoarse. It cracks on the last word.
When Steve moves to exit Hephaestus catches his eye and they share a private smile. Some may describe it as nothing but trouble, but Hephaestus thinks it’s as stunning as Steve.
He thought Hermes would be bright, full of fun. He’d heard stories of a young god who was a natural athlete and had the most mischievous grin. He supposes the ability to talk others into just about anything is true, but that’s just because it hasn’t been disproven yet.
When he finally steps back into his temporary quarters, Hephaestus is both surprised and completely resigned to find Hades waiting for him.
He convinced himself that it was worth it.
He forces his gaze to Bruce and gives a small, teasing smile. “Shall we play, doctor?”
Agent Carter looks like she tried to move for the bomb, but froze once Steve got there first. Everyone else, including Hodge, had scrambled away in panic.
(See the end of the chapter for
“On it.” Tony quickly sends the scans from the monitors to the display of his suit and then doesn’t waste any more time putting it on.
Again, it would be too easy for him ruin someone else’s life.
Any guesses as to who Hermes is supposed to be/will be? The description is very deliberate...
Hephaestus blinks back tears, and breaks eye contact with the god of the dead. “What am I supposed to do then?”
“Well if it isn’t ‘The Star Spangled Man with a Plan.’ What is your plan exactly?” Phillips sits at a desk signing papers. A Corporal produces faint taps beside him from their typing.
Steve turns back to the men who are still watching in disbelief. He shrugs. “I’m Captain America.”
He then processes what Steve just said.
It shouldn’t be as shocking as it is. In those memories he didn’t look like he did when he was fighting with Steve. He looked like he did on Olympus. He looked like Hephaestus.
Tony eyes the god who is apparently an agent for the worst possible organization.
“Hi.” Oh Steve.
Hades claps Hephaestus on the back and stands back up. The younger god watches as he makes his way across the room.
The reaction is almost instantaneous.
Fuck.
Then his world explodes.
Tony debates with himself for a moment. He really isn’t wanting to involve himself any further in SHIELD’s business.
He quips a quick greeting to his favorite spy-assassin person before shooting forward straight at Loki.
And Steve. (
“Mr. Stark.”
As soon as it’s open, he calls for it to meet him midair. Tony’s leap lands him solidly on the platform.
Tony quickly answers with his physical device, a regression to habit out of frayed nerves.
“I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that
It’s far too late now anyway. His mind won’t let him rest even if he tried.
“I’m guessing it’s about the procedure tomorrow?”
There was nothing. And Hera, exhausted, wrung out, cried in anguish because she did not want a child, she would not love them, she wanted her husband, and this had all been pointless.
He then quickly hangs up in an attempt to delay the inevitable.
He spent all night thinking, because his stupid thoughts were in overdrive and wouldn’t shut up.
Howard stands up straight and buttons his jacket. “Who’s the homeless person on the couch?”
He distantly hears the clang of metal. The freezing water that was swirling in a violent whirlpool around him suddenly falls.
“Ah. I see you’re awake.”
A few seconds later, the armor appears above the crowd, a blur of red gold. A myth come to life.
Once it was in his head, Tony just couldn’t let the idea go.
“Are you?” Rhodey’s tone is soft, but it still sounds like an accusation. “Because from where I’m sitting you’ve been through and are currently going through a lot of shit. If you
“Oh wow.” Steve looks impressed, so he figures he got something right.
Hephaestus thought the old man just wanted his two sons to see how they were actually not the biggest things in the universe.
“It's complicated.” He decides to be as honest as possible, “I’m sort of in special division.”
Any other time he would lose himself to the ideas.
Happiness, as Hephaestus knows, is impossible if he stays.
He wants to say he's uniquely Tony Stark now, but no, that’s not right either. Because he doesn’t remember blue eyes in that second set of memories.
He’ll have to thank Vanko someday.
Curious? Sure.
He developed the certainty that this wouldn’t have happened if the Avengers were actually together. Hadn’t he fucking said they would be? But Steve held on too tightly to Bucky, the last piece of his past. He lied to Tony and pretended it was to spare his feelings.
He becomes a glamour inside and out. It’s an alcohol fueled haze of parties, sex, inventing, and the occasional board meeting. A cycle that never stops, even for sleep.
Gun shots.
Hephaestus gives the man a formal salute.
“We’ve only got about a ten-second window, tops.”
If JARVIS had eyes he’d be rolling them right now.
Steve is buttoning fatigues over the Captain America costume. Hephaestus is studying the map, attempting to be of some use considering he’s supposed to be a Lieutenant.
Steve’s shock leaves him vulnerable. Schmidt takes advantage and knocks him down. Hard. The older man looms.
Ares almost knocked over a work bench, but quickly righted it with magic.
“Tony. C’mon, we need you.” The familiar voice sounds painfully desperate. “I need you.
The long second hand of the antique clock taunts him. He wonders why he even kept the ugly thing and then immediately regrets the thought because it was his mother's.
He doesn’t check the ID.
He flexes his hand and the armor beneath his skin seems to hum even louder. It isn’t logical. The suit is housed in his chest, but fuck, sometimes it feels like metal is imbedded into his very
After a time, Kronos, the youngest of the Titan children, replaced Ouranos as the leader of the immortal gods. Kronos and his wife, Rheia, eventually had several children. However, like his father, Kronos was frightened them. Each time Rheia gave birth, Kronos swallowed the infant whole.”
Biting back his frustration and unwilling to waste any more time, Tony doesn’t bother turning around to respond. “Doesn’t matter. If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract’s lost.”
Tony looks at his assistant. He remembers red eyes as she stood on the tarmac and glancing at her proud smile when he took to the podium for an announcement no one expected.
The whips block each one like nothing more than an irritating bug.
Ares knew that under any other circumstance Hephaestus would be the worst possible option to help in a situation involving their parents.
“Did it occur to you that maybe there’s a reason?” Pepper asks, tone colored in disbelief.
Tony is so
But honestly? Tony is exhausted.
“Pretty much.”
Tony loses himself to the memories of a strange woman named Maria Stark and a childhood he doesn’t remember having. He doesn’t know how he got here, but it’s a whirlwind. He’s living through a quarter of a lifetime in hazy patches that are only now being fused together hastily in a number of hours, minutes.
It’s a feverish trance where all he sees are angles, flames licking up and down his arms, and the dangerous glint of metal as he molds it so precisely with hands that are steady and sure.
“I didn’t know I was in a poorly reviewed Liman film. Who’s Mrs. Smith?”
It tastes like absolute crap.
He can feel it.
Hades moves to lean against the table across from him, crossing his arms. “Erskine and Phillips are looking for two different men. When the time comes, you need to help them decide on one.”
Hands flip through the pages in a familiar way before opening on a drawing of a monkey on a unicycle. The animal wears a matching outfit to Steve’s and although Hephaestus knows he’s being shown the drawing to find the humor in it, he just feels sad.
Continuing to follow his older companion into the night.
Hephaestus, never one to let somebody else do all the work, takes out the second man. Very aware of his current mortal status, he holds back on his full strength. That doesn’t mean he won’t use the combat skills drilled into him by Athena and Ares though.
That earns a few chuckles. Figures.
He is tall, lean, and very pale. Dark black hair curls messily around his ears and neck, and circles distinct enough to be bruises frame impossibly darker eyes. He has his facial hair groomed in an odd way he notes. Perhaps in a style that matches his grey button down and burgundy suspenders.
So after the snap, Steve sat beside Vision’s body for a very long time. His throat was thick with blood and dry from the ash. He remembers choking on it, being suffocated by it. They had fought as hard as they could.
Hephaestus’s thoughts drift to Ares and Athena. They taught him so much, although their methods were often painful. He remembers once asking about taking a break to sleep.
This is his domain.
He clears his throat and continues. “There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred–”
He must have decided to continue acting weirdly out of character because Hades makes his footsteps heavy enough to anticipate his approach. “For what it is, that thing sure looks unassuming.”
A Black Label whiskey with four ounces of grain alcohol sits unassumingly on the counter. It could be poured so smoothly into a crystal glass.
With his thumb acting as a lighter, Tony takes a deep inhale of the filtered smoke. It’s heady, the taste familiar and still from so, so long ago. His eyes sting.
His mind automatically conjures up plans and angles. Numbers taunt him with how to make that very weapon to best suit Steve.
Because unfortunately for him, she’s not the only person waiting.
Even without electricity, the mechanics call to him. Before Steve can turn around to see why he stopped, Hephaestus makes quick work of the lock to gain access to the entrance.
, seriously?), but is yanked away from his thoughts by a stubborn Thor.
Steve gives him a look that a mother would probably give to their misbehaving child, but Hephaestus can see his lips twitching, trying not to break out in a smile.
“Take this transponder. Activate it when you’re ready and the signal will lead Howard right to you. I have my own as well. Just in case.”
Gulping down the last of the smoothie, he sits down and spins toward the center of the room.
It’s that thought however, that made Hephaestus firm in his decision to distance himself from Steve.
With a resigned sigh, he makes a note to ask Rhodey about coming by for a suit.
“Wake up, dear. Say goodbye to your father.”
They call him arrogant, selfish, a war profiteer and whore.
Tony rolls his eyes, but can’t quite help the small, fond smile that creeps onto his face as he watches the two men shove at each other playfully.
Once all the ingredients thoroughly shaken, he pours his Cosmopolitan in a cocktail glass.  Rhodey watches him take a sip with one eyebrow raised.
What’s the point anyway?
Steve, seeing the shield he's referring to, briefly touches the old metal, now riddled with bullet holes. “It’s handier than you might think.”
The workshop is cold, even with its regulated air system. Tony finds himself slumped on the concrete floor with his back against a beat up couch.
He pushes his only friend from MIT away because Tony is an undeserving man made of grief, cutting words, and alcohol. (
“You know where to find me when you do.”
Considering how conflicted they both look, he’d bet Jason’s Golden Fleece on this being about who to choose for the project.
But his vision catches on the woman sitting in front of the piano composed of ebony and ivory. She looks so painfully familiar to the woman he only saw in brief emotions and flashes of a stranger’s memories.
Normally Tony wouldn’t have given the group another thought, but the name brings up memories of hushed conversations between Howard Stark and other unknown people in the mansion’s study. He only ever caught snippets of the discussions, but they were enough to raise some red flags.
Unlike most fighters however, who train to get past their instincts, Steve quickly suppresses it. Before the agent can recover from his shock, (Steve didn’t react at all to the punch that landed) the super-soldier kicks his stomach. One knock-out hit with the shield later and Steve tosses the unconscious agent out of the truck.
floods through him. He’s made it this far without involving himself in the affairs of the gods.
Hephaestus shifts, uncomfortable with praise he’s never received before. Not like this.
Tony knows memory him picked up the habit of stylizing it and he's not going to lie.
It’s certainly not his home, but it shares the high ceilings and large, open rooms.
“Exactly.” Hephaestus matches the smile and forgets for a moment about the power source, Zeus, and the Olympians. He didn’t know it was possible to feel this way. To feel so
(Tony remembers France and the soldier no one noticed until Steve turned, eyes cold and vicious, to knock out the hidden enemy with a powerful swing of his shield.)
He doesn't want to think about it.
He’ll just have to avoid any calls or messages from the man until then.
“The only thing I can think of that holds that much value is his thunderbolt.” Hades swirls his glass.
“Is that what just happened?” Steve asks faintly.
“Just try not to burn the house down before Monday.” Howard heaves a disgusted sigh and looks away.
“You’re not seriously thinking of picking Rogers, are you?” Phillips shakes his head at Erskine, but it seems the Doctor only has eyes for one Steven Grant Rogers.
Something that awakens a yearning chasm Tony didn’t even know was there.
Hades quirks an eyebrow. “I need to talk to you about recruitment.”
“Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in.” Even with the harsher tone, everything about Steve’s voice, inflection, pitch… the pure resolve harsher than steel, all serves to drive the knife deeper and deeper inside the wound of Tony’s grief.
Hades moves to sit on the foot of the bed. Hephaestus fights the urge he has to shift away. “I could sense your fall to Earth and so I retrieved you. As for why I did it…” The older god looks away, not because of conflict, but perhaps retrieving a memory.
Rhodey staggers over to collapse in the nearest chair. “God, Tones. Please don’t tell me you’ve had that since Afghanistan.”
Hephaestus lets out a surprised laugh and knows his wonder is blatantly obvious, but how could he expect to feel anything else? He's never thought about science and progress in that way before. Sure, it's something Hephaestus loves, but for the first time ever, the god feels a bit of pride in that.
Their shouting could be heard for miles, and the ground shook with the violence of their rage.
“We’re going to be late,” she says, with a nod toward the door.
A strong one made out of shared blood, paranoia, and a determination to survive.
Tony knows he should be feeling scared.
Don’t get him wrong though.
It’s extremely disconcerting that he can’t get rid of it entirely, but considering his priorities at the moment, Tony is just grateful that it’s easier to ignore now.
For a man that he already met once but was too drunk to remember, Doctor Ho Yinsen is unbelievably kind. He doesn’t tell their captors about the way Tony’s lacerations and bruises heal far quicker than they should. Or about the way his glamour flickers when he first attempts to treat the wounds on his chest.
The General just sighs in exasperation. “Do you know how long it took to set up this project? The groveling I had to do in front of Senator Brandt’s committee? They’ll think I’m cutting out paper dolls.”
Tony finally hurls the man overhead with his own whips. Vanko lands with a sickening thud.
“Yeah,” Tony says.
After all, at the end of the day, ichor still runs through his veins.
Hephaestus was there in the next second, shoving his father far away from Hera.
Pepper probably won’t appreciate it later when they’re supposed to be celebrating Stark Tower’s debut as a solely renewable, self-sustained building.
“Your father is flying us to the Bahamas for a little getaway.” Her smile looks brittle around the edges.
The automatons. Creatures crafted out of metal and endowed with life by his own hands knowing full well they were going to manipulated into Ares’s design.
He doesn’t bother to slow down.
Tony rolls his eyes and resists the urge to cross his arms like a disappointed parent.
That’s not including how much it bothers Hephaestus to have information (very obviously) withheld from him. He knows this will likely become a constant as long as he’s on Earth.
Hephaestus decides that he doesn’t really mind.
Stane drops it with a shout and Tony presses his advantage by summoning the weapon into his own hand.
He can tell he still has a little time before the metal will actually kill him, but the threat is there and very imminent.
The night he moves into his New York penthouse, Tony wakes up screaming.
Steve decides on a new approach. Whatever is happening to Tony, he needs an answer. Irrefutable evidence. One way or another.
Wake up.
“Tony? Are you here?”
Steve stares up over Tony’s head, where smoke from the crash climbs toward the heavens. There’s no sun today, and the layer of cloud cover troubles Tony. Steve frowns, shielding his eyes from the light with one hand. The smoke almost seems to disappear amidst the clouds in the angry sky. From their vantage point, tucked between two crests of a mountain Tony doesn’t know the name of, there isn’t civilization to be seen in any direction.
some kind of trap, but there was never a chance of not going. The hope is sweet poison; he’s high riding on the feeling.
He didn’t have a whole lot of options. There was no way he could stand his own against even
Steve finds it oddly appropriate. All he has left of Tony is a shell; all that feels left of himself is not much more.
“You look like hell. Your drinking problem, biting you in the ass, I’d guess. But you don’t have anything to say about that, do you? And now I’m stuck with you. Dead weight. Am I supposed to be glad?” Steve says, gesturing stiffly, cold, “Am I supposed to take a load off, kick my feet up, and wait with you to die?”
Someone spit on his face.
“Nimble fingers, and a penchant for pushing my luck,” Tony said.
The rain has slowed a drizzle; the repetitive sound of it hypnotic. Tony’s eyes feel heavy; he’s bone tired. It crosses his mind to wonder if he hallucinated any of that. No. It had been real. Even he couldn’t have dreamed up something like that.
Steve continues, “Whatever is next, we’ll do that together. Whatever the answer it, whatever the way out of this, it’ll take both of us. And that means getting you somewhere safe. You need to rest. You need medical care. You need to recover—”
“What’re you doing? C’mon. You’re going to hurt yourself,” he says.
“Well. Safety is my highest priority… Alright then,” Steve said, offering out his arm again. Tony looped his arm through Steve’s elbow.
Steve’s expression went from unreadable to something nameless, and warm.
“People won’t stand for this,” Hawkeye says, and he sounds sure of it. Steve isn’t so sure; if there’s anything he’s learned about this century, it’s that the government has gotten very good at using fear to control the public into relinquishing their rights.
“I’m not having much luck. I don’t want to cut you by mistake. Say, can you hold yourself up an inch so I can get at them ropes underneath?”
Tony hides his surprise. “Metrosexual,” he helpfully supplies.
“If this is good enough for me, it should be good enough for you,” Steve says, “Since I’m the one with a bounty on my head.”
Tony bites his tongue. All the cards are on the table now. He says, looking up at Steve, right into his eyes, “Nobody will know. The dead don’t speak. It’ll stay here— with my body, I imagine. I won’t insult your intelligence by pretending I have half a chance in hell of leaving here alive.”
“That would be good,” Steve says, blood still rushing in his ears. Tony nods.
The wait pays off.
Steve wants to turn off the broadcast. He can hardly justify the wasted minutes when there is work to be done, but he cannot bring himself to tear his gaze away from the flat image of the face of the man
And then, Tony lets Spider-Man unmask himself on live television.
Steve can’t help but sweep his gaze around the room, meeting the eyes of everyone, one by one, as if he could somehow tell on sight alone if there is a Judas among them. “The truth is we’re hemorrhaging resources. We’ve lost good men and women. We’ll lose more,” he pauses. “But. I want to ask you all to follow me one more time. You owe me nothing, and none of you should agree to come along lightly. This might be a suicide mission. But—”
“Merry fuckin’ Christmas,” Tony muttered.
Saying it makes it more real, though, in a visceral way Tony hadn’t anticipated. Steve’s shoulders curl in, softening, some tension dissipated; both of them are exposed, now. But Steve’s hold on Tony tightens, knuckles white, hard enough to hurt.
“I am. I’m real.”
he had been involved with.
"Stop."
Whatever comes next, they’ll face it together.
617 Knight Drive.
team; all of them choose to go with him to make their stand, even knowing the risk. Steve doesn’t know what will happen. Lives might be lost. Any number of them might be taken. And yet, they come.
It isn’t just about the issue; it’s about loyalty, and trust, and Steve’s so hurt and frustrated that he can hardly sort the rational from the irrational, the icy from the burning. His heart aches.
Maybe he's looking for cracks, but he thinks, there's something more going on than what meets the eye.
are, us.
* * *
“Quiet,” Steve says, brows pinched together. The press appearance hadn’t been announced in advance, and all their espionage channels have been quiet. None of them know what this is about, and there is a nervous energy in the safe house. A lot of the group is milling around in the common area, and Steve feels them tacitly waiting for some kind of reassurance. They look to him, their leader. So much has been lost. Spider-man in his tattered suit, lip still split and eye bruises, identity burned for a lost cause, is living proof enough.
“Ah. Mmhm.”
“Now that you mention it, it’s some mix of the two,” Tony says.
“What can I do?”
Steve never ordered a second whiskey, and his cheeks took on a rosy sheen after just the first. He was smiling a lot, too— but appropriately concerned and judgmental at certain points during Tony’s tale.
“‘M with you. I think. My guardian angel,” Tony rasped. “Christ, would you give that a break? Stop moving me. Yer’ killing me,” Tony complained.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Tony. But you understand. It’s a standing engagement,” she says, but she doesn’t kiss him again, and when he reaches out toward her, she squeezes his hand once and then drops it like something unappealing. He thinks, what about our engagement? And then chastises himself for being so clingy and entitled.
Tony’s eyebrows pinch together, and he looks so baffled that he almost looks mad. It’s cute, the way he pinches his face up when he’s really thinking. That serious, furrowed brow. But then he swiftly throws his arms—
going out, he at least had the smug pleasure of having managed to pick he wallet off of every single one of those bandits while they were beating the tar out of him. Sticky fingers.
“It would take a lot more than a little rain to kill me,” he says, always so stubborn, as though it would be a detriment to his character to enjoy a moment’s rest. As though nothing would emasculate hm worse than stepping out of bad weather with another man. Maybe it’s not about Tony at all. Sometimes, for someone so honest, so open, Steve can be difficult to understand.
The skrulls are his nurses and doctors and nutritionists. Some avoid looking at him when they can manage it, but some seem to take pleasure in his miserable, deteriorated state. They keep him alive, but just barely. Anything beyond what is strictly necessary is considered a luxury, and Tony knows he hasn’t earned any luxury. Distantly, he wonders what he would have to do to earn a luxury. He thinks he doesn’t have any integrity at all anymore. He would do just about anything if they would just give him a blanket. Or five minutes out of his bonds, to scratch every miserable itch.
you, I know what you called me. You’re trying to ruin my life. I’m
“At least I know when to stop beating a dead horse,” Tony says. “At least I know when to quit.”
“Oh, yeah?” said the mustached bandit. He knelt in the dirt beside Tony, the leather of his boots squeaking and his ugly belt buckle twinkling in the moonlight. He leaned down until he and Tony were almost eye to eye. He smiled like a smug bastard.
Steve doesn’t let himself think too much.
They make a plan. They set the trap. Steve couldn’t be more proud of his
“Everything’s always a joke with you, isn’t it.”
He smiles, sardonic, and attempts to sit up. Another dry heave wracks his body in response to the pain; his arm, all burnt flesh melted together with his clothing, cracks and weeps. The pain sings louder than any other feeling he’s known. Brighter and hotter than the driest third, or the worst heartbreak. Worse than chemo. Worse than a plane crash. Stronger than lust or love or desire— he forgets the taste of tequila, he forgets his own fiancee’s face, for a moment, in the aftershock of the pain.
“Hephaestus, have I not been the one telling you to enjoy food more? I only want what is best for you and your relationship with Zeus. Our father?”
Halls with marble floors and tall ceilings that are meticulously decorated with shards of glass to form crystal chandeliers.
He takes a breath.
“You’re supposed to be asleep, mister,” Tony calls out. He aims for reprimanding, but he’s pretty sure he just lands closer to exasperated.
There was a constant ache.
“More than anything else, it is because I sensed what only Zeus could do.” The god looks to his son again, “He permanently deformed you, Hephaestus. Even as an immortal, there is no cure for your heart.”
“Oh, I apologize,” he reaches out instinctively and fumbles to steady the smaller figure.
Of course Steve, who was previously content to just watch his unit be idiots for a while, speaks up for the first time. “Hey, Buck. I was just about to ask where you wandered off to.”
Tony forces himself to take a deep breath. Holds for seven and exhales for eight.
Tony tries not to dwell on it for the moment and instead continues on with as much dignity and authority as possible. He’ll need it for the first part of his plan.
His eyes sting and Tony silently curses at himself.
He has to admit to himself that he’s ashamed of it now. Of what the name Hephaestus truly represents. He’s created not only weapons, but has brought monsters to life.
Hephaestus snorts.
Hephaestus can’t help the swell of outrage that overcomes him because of that statement. Steve didn’t sign up for this. And Erskine, that brilliant man who worked so hard on an unprecedented breakthrough, managing to impress the god of innovation himself, didn’t die for this.
Tony puts down the Sten he was methodically cleaning when their voices carry over from the tree lining. The bickering and unrestrained laughter wash over him. Some would probably hate how the noise crashes and drowns out everything else, but Tony loves it. He loves getting carried away with it.
One knee to the ground, eyes squinted in anticipation for the worst, Tony waits for his systems to report the damage.
Tony doesn’t even reach his car.
Jones, Barnes, and Tony, the three who plan to follow onto the train, tense in preparation. Steve doesn’t wait another second.
They’re both silent for a couple minutes, lost in thought and strangely comfortable in each other’s presence.
His focus is so intent that any feelings he has toward the Vibranium and what it is are pushed aside. He can only be sparked with even more joy at the fact that he gets to forge with a metal worthy of such an important task. A metal that he created and would never have expected to find on Earth.
His mother took a sip of her drink.
“Converting the explosive force into power to ultimately push it back out. Right.” Hades agrees. It's a confirmation of understanding more than the bike.
And she knows that too.
Hephaestus inspects the uniform he was given as the two gods make their way out of the building.
“No! Not without you!” Bucky explodes. His hands slam the metal barrier and Hephaestus realizes what he has to do.
Pepper shrugs with a smirk playing on her lips and sets down the paperwork she brought. “Maybe some espresso will help earn your forgiveness.”
Athena would be appalled at the strategy Hades seems to lack.
Hand having found its way back up to tap on the Arc Reactor, Tony shakes his head.
Collapsed onto his hands and knees, Tony
Literally means, "Who will live, will see." Or that time will tell.
He hasn’t seen Hades yet, but it’s only a matter of time. Furthermore, Hephaestus knows Hades will only confirm what he’s already been thinking. Steve is a distraction and if they’re really being honest, Hephaestus doesn’t deserve someone like him anyway.
The ceilings are low thankfully, and both men easily find their footing in what appears to be an empty hallway.
On his bed that’s far too big for one person, Tony stares at the expanse of his blank white ceiling, frustrated.
Without time to fully process what was happening, Zeus threw him from the gardens.
The guy looks like an extra from Scarface for gods’ sake.
Distantly, Tony thinks that he should probably
He wants to defend Steve and his usefulness, rant even. They should be grateful to have a man like Steve who fights with people who don’t believe in him, simply because he wants to defend those who need it and this is the only way to get there.
The location of the power source scorched into his mind, Hephaestus sprints through the Hydra factory.  The bombs beginning to go off on the ground floor shake the building.
Bucky nods in approval and both men unanimously help Bucky swing first over the barrier to cross the gantry.
“Ares!” Hephaestus grinned, “Mother just called me.”
Steve nods once and focuses back to the front, eyes trailing up at the map of Austria on the wall alongside aerial photos of a facility. The facility where the captured members of the 107th are being held. “What about the others? You’re planning a rescue mission?”
Phillips points to the rank insignia on his collar without looking up from his paper work. “You don’t get to give me orders,
The procedure is both a success and a horrible loss.
Because Steve is
And then finally,
“You both deserve to be happy. So a word of advice, pal? Don’t be an idiot. You might regret not takin’ the chance.”
. He’s been through so much in his life and still radiates optimism and hope. Anyone else would have let so much loss break them.
Hades, his Howard Stark persona in full gear, immediately rushes over to meet him.
Tony is mainly finished with the mechanical part when he decides it’s time to work on the coding. He hasn’t checked his reserves in a while, but Tony knows that when he reaches deep down it’ll be back to what it’s supposed to be.
The only emotion she felt that was close to love was pride, but even that only appeared for her family when she thought it was earned. Love was too
“Wow that’s…” Steve looks so genuinely awed that Hephaestus has to immediately break eye contact after sneaking a glance upward. “That’s amazing, Tony.”
But with the previous display of magic and obvious dismissal, he’s beginning to realize to what extent of trust Hades is expecting him to willingly give.
Hephaestus shakes his head slightly to come back to himself. He forces out a small laugh and tries to give a charming smile, “Well I’m Tony.”
“Sure. It’ll be a dedication to the good old days, and the son of Herakles,
They both stop only a couple steps to the right of Hephaestus, who is struggling not to laugh hysterically.
“Not that I don’t appreciate it,” Tony gestures to the counter full of food and takes the offered drink back, “but I don’t need a babysitter. Last night was a slip up, but I’m fine now.”
) situation?
The glamour Hades put on him sixty-five years ago is gone.
To both his relief and utter horror, he finally makes it into the room where the source is located. The same room where Steve and Bucky look to be having a showdown with Johann Schmidt and Doctor Zola.
Some of the men laugh, but Dugan silences the group with a look. “I’d drive it in the hanger, boys. The man deserves the promotion if he got us all out of that hell.”
The truth is, Steve was just
Hades shows up not long after the reactor is installed; neither comment on the absence of the battery, and Hephaestus follows the god of the dead up a wooden staircase. They emerge into what the younger god could only guess is a house (He’s studied architecture and buildings, but never this.)
Steve is scowling from the end of the catwalk, helpless, but the three men flinch as another explosion rocks the facility.
“I recommend Rogers.”
“Are you okay? Tony, you’re scaring me.”
Less than a minute later, New York is far behind him.
Edgy McEdge Lord totally deserves it.
Calloused hands clench and unclench at random intervals, knuckles becoming increasingly pale while skin threatens to break with every movement.
However, the memory of that night slips through. Flashes of slightly chapped lips and calloused hands brushing his cheek.
As Tony blasts back upward and back toward home he realizes that with absolute certainty that Rhodey is going to track him down.
“I am more than just thinking about it.” Erskine looks at Phillips with a casual confidence, “He is the clear choice.”
He thinks he saw Bucky tucked up in a corner somewhere, but inside the “Whip & Fiddle Pub,” (Honestly, whose idea was it to name the place that?) it’s too crowded to really tell.
“High enough that I’ll be needing a team.” Steve says, quirking one eyebrow. He doesn’t make eye contact with Hephaestus, but Steve stands close enough that Hephaestus wants to lean in closer. He doesn’t.
“They did take a number of the men to isolation ward. I’m afraid we haven’t seen them since.” A man with an English accent says, sounding apologetic.
it would happen, but hearing Steve again and
Agent Carter however, apparently was only available for a quick conversation because Steve is alone when he opens the heavy metal door to the lab.
To be completely honest, Tony is more than a little curious as to what exactly Fury A.K.A. California Mountain Snake wants, but he’d rather only drink decaf coffee for the rest of eternity than let Fury and his set of cronies know that.
Because he’s fourteen and far too old to need comfort, yet with sticky tears on his cheeks, a steady presence,
Hephaestus smiles. It’s a soft thing that Ares would probably berate him for in an instant. There’s no time for feelings. Mortal be damned though, he can’t help it.
His head continues to ache.
“Tony?” Rhodey looks at him.
Rhodey curses under his breath. “We’ll figure it out, Tones. I promise I’ll do everything I can to help you.”
“Slow down for a moment, your highness.” There was a breathy chuckle, “You’ll break something.”
Tony really needs a drink.)
Hephaestus stares at Hermes, hoping for a punchline. “You want to blackmail him.”
Oddly enough, Tony finds that he doesn’t mind. He lets out a resigned breath.
He recognizes his dog tags immediately from the glint of monel. A lump to catches in his throat, but Tony picks up the M1940 chain until the notched metal clinks in the air.
“I, Thor Odinson, god of thunder and Prince of Asgard,” Thor begins solemnly, “swear on the River Styx to not reveal Tony Stark’s true identity.”
The old man scrambles backward in fear. Tony engulfs one palm in flames, the other aiming the gun at Stane. “You don’t know the first thing about the future.” He pleads, “Give it up, Stane.”
He pushes Jarvis away until it’s too late for anything but regret at his funeral.
, “but, if we could find a way to force more air into the system by increasing that pressure and adding a proportionate amount of fuel– ”
“Where are you going?”
tired.
“The good kind, huh?” When Phillips’s hand comes back with a grenade, Hephaestus feels his heart stop.
It’s not hard to put two and two together with this latest stunt of crazy.
Because he’s seen disgust on people’s faces when telling stories about men who act a little too much like women. A whole community who are shunned for wanting to express their gender or sexuality in a way that doesn’t fit within their views of society.
Tony uses the few minutes he has left before his friends arrive to finish taking off the suit and splash cold water on his face.
Now as for Steve, Tony constantly has to remind himself not to fidget. It would probably be easier to control his nerves if it wasn’t for the fact that the man keeps
The man he’s referring to wears a worn wool jacket, a light brown tie, and thin circular glasses. Hephaestus thinks the man has a kind smile, even being as small as it is.
“He was right to banish you though.” Tony shakes his head. “Fighting with the side of humanity that believes mass genocide is the answer.”
Breathe.
He acted without care, and still too much passion.
And in true Tony Stark fashion, gave everyone something previously thought of as impossible.
Following his instinct, Hephaestus ponders the intricacies of forced induction and quickly runs a few mental simulations of different variations.
“And what’s that, Koios?”
The phrase haunts him as a painfully familiar echo.
A massive arm cuts through the air, summoning a ferocious bolt of lightning straight into Mjölnir that is then immediately sent careening straight toward Tony.
He looks around and feels relief flush through him when he spots the other three. All of them made it. Thank the fucking gods.
What can he say?
He was just
There’s been no word so far on the mysterious “someone you’ll find interesting,” but Hephaestus doesn’t think he’ll have to wait much longer once Hades knows he finished the tracker.
He can just enjoy the peace of the night. After all, the war he’ll be stepping into tomorrow won’t allow for the same luxury.
It's farther than anything Hephaestus has come to expect from Hades. Ever.
Hades greets Steve and Hephaestus with a quick handshake.
“Rheia was distraught by the loss of her children, so she asked Gaia, her sister, for help. The next time Rhea gave birth, Gaia hid the infant, Zeus, deep in a cave. After, she gave Kronos a rock wrapped in baby blankets, which he swallowed immediately. He did not suspect anything was amiss.
If this is going to work, if he is not going to die, Tony knows trust is necessary.
The two immortal beings stand at an impasse.
Putting aside his pride, Tony opens the tablet’s cover and begins to manually download the information into his database.
He throws his arms out, eyes now filled with fire and rage, Tony ignores the two holes now gaping on each side of the train car. He stalks forward and projects flames without care or efficiency.
Fucking Tyche.
Death.
Steve’s voice is soft now, as if trying to preserve the calm that settled over them. “Earlier today, I asked Dr. Erskine why he chose me.”
Rhodey’s hugs were always the best. Warm and safe.
Zeus was the god of the sky and rain. The supreme ruler of the Olympian gods.
He did his best to prepare for it, he
She knew who he was when he didn’t. Did she always know he would awaken one day and leave messages for him? Things he can only begin to decipher now, in retrospect? But
Over his shoulder Hades says, “Time is much shorter here, so remember to check it regularly. We’ll be leaving at 6 o’clock sharp. So don’t be late.”
“I’m sorry to interrupt, sir, but you asked me to inform you as soon as someone arrived.”
Never did Hephaestus think that he would have his own chance to make observations about Earth and humans.
Happy, his driver he doesn’t actually let drive most of the time, takes the letter for him.
Fuck.
Tony feels himself missing her. He sees his young heart grasp onto the memory of her picking him back up when he was shoved onto the unforgiving ground year after year.
Tony is going to see him again. Tony is going to actually talk to Steve and have to act like they didn’t spend several years at war together, putting their lives on the line for each other.
” Morita scoffs.
Tony opens his mouth for an annoying retort, but he’s cut off by Steve. “Let's start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a HYDRA weapon.”
Tony is too weak to react in time.
In front of the steel door, with a smile on his face, Dr. Arnim Zola stands with his arms crossed. He tilts his head.
Tony leans back in his seat and swipes the projection of the gauntlet away.
It’s not long before Tony is watching SHIELD’s quinjet arrive to resolve the situation.
He forces himself to turn around.
There can’t be war without death after all.
Hades promised to bring any supplies he’ll need. So without a job requiring him to be outside, and more importantly, Steve and their shared meals, Hephaestus doesn’t see any reason why he’ll come out of his work.
Granted, he does want to interrogate the fuck out of him, but he can’t say anything and Hermes knows that.
That’s a frustratingly bland smile didn’t expect to see.
Finally defeated, the Titans were thrown deep in the Underworld.
He wants to stay in the room, grasp onto the physical reminder of his friends being alive, but keeping watch requires going outside and walking the perimeter.
Besides, he needs to do this alone anyway.
The flight is long and the tarmac when they finally land reveals Happy and Pepper, whose normally flawless face is streaked with tears.
He is a whirlwind of grief and destruction bringing the whole world down with him.
The original Avengers may be alive, but Tony has learned the hard way that they were never his friends. Steve was never his friend. No matter how much he wishes Steve-
The current mission led the unit to Czechoslovakia. It’s been occupied by Hitler’s army for six years now, but a trek through enemy territory isn’t unfamiliar at this point.
A detour for coffee first though.
You would expect that it would be within the first seven thousand years of being alive that he would become bitter and distant, but in the short time he was human Tony Stark has been betrayed, manipulated, and kidnapped so many times that he’s developed a fucking complex.
And what is he supposed to say to that? Damn it. “You know I’m allergic to emotions, buddy. Stop it.”
He knows palladium works, but the side effects are severe. He stalled for a couple of hours, debating the reactor, but eventually gave in.
None of the other gods ever expressed even the slightest interest in inventing.
Hephaestus couldn’t quite cover his smug smile with his hand when Steve took the empty seat next to his.
That doesn’t mean no magic at all.
Sure, he didn’t get much freedom, and had to work all the time, but he was needed.
Then Steve Addington from
Tony folds over so easily though when it comes to Steve.
tracker.
“Oh. Well then I’m glad you’re still doing okay.” He takes a sip of coffee. “I’m actually not much of a drill sergeant myself, so don’t worry about that unless we’re actually out there.” Hephaestus nods toward the outside training yard.
There’s a moment of silence where Pepper analyzes his face and he lets her, resigned to her (arguably misguided) care for him.
Tony makes a face. “Yeah. If you think I was bad in the 90’s I can only imagine what you’d think about the god of festivity and pleasure.”
He must be hallucinating, because the god of the dead actually slings his arm around Hermes’s shoulders good-naturedly. Like they’ve been pals for
This is going to be a long night. And if there’s any occasion where he has the excuse to drink, it’s at his own birthday party.
He does remember Hades saying his rank is First Lieutenant, so Hephaestus thinks that might be the reasoning for his separate bunking.
The demise of Tony Stark by one Colonel James Rhodes can wait. He’s got a more immediate problem.
Logically, this was the best course of action.
With an early meeting time scheduled for the next day, Tony shifts his car into drive and peels off into the street.
“The lone gunslinger act is kind of my whole thing. So if that’s all, kindly see yourself out.”
“Engines can only do this with so much air at atmospheric air pressures,”
He has memories of it feeling refreshing, but Tony leaves the bathroom just as drained as before.
He holds back a huff of exasperation and continues toward the front.
Tony has to squint as he walks toward the smell because of the painfully pervasive sunlight. It comes with the territory of having floor-to-ceiling windows throughout his Malibu home; however, Tony refuses to blame anyone except Apollo for the annoyance.
He understands now.
“Even I cannot refute the power of the Helm of Darkness, boy. It’s rather annoying.”
It seemed like the entire room except for Hephaestus loved the tension in the room. For them it was an arena.
It’s selfish. He knows it is.
That earns an actual choking cough. Tony shakes his head and turns with an incredulous look.
“Hey, soldier.” Hephaestus greets.
Stane wasn’t a good person, but that doesn’t stop the twisted grief from weighing him down.
But it could also be so much worse. If he messed up it wouldn't just be three people watching.
day of the year.
he knows) if he truly wants to go back to Olympus, he’ll have to promise the one thing they’ve always wanted.
Tomorrow will be a long day.
He is back on the floor, leaning against the worn couch, when he finishes.
Hades won’t allow him to ever have all of the stupid information.
“I thought we were all on the same page.” Rhodey begins to pace around the room. “And now you’re going toe-to-toe with supervillains?! This is insane–”
Tony scoffs without thinking about it. He feels his lips move of its own accord. “This is why I love being home right before you leave town for Christmas.”
Resigning himself to the inevitable, Tony gathers the last wisps of his composure and starts walking to the designated room.
Tony doesn’t know if that’s better or worse than not knowing what the man is thinking, but he consciously chooses to be positive for once and have faith.
All he knows is that ever since, the foreboding feeling has gotten exponentially worse.
You don’t poke the lion. He’s not Herakles.)
Hephaestus really hates American slang.
Erskine nods, eyes oddly assessing.
a certain super-soldier named steve is coming soon! get ready my dudes !!
And because it’s in his nature to make things even worse, he naïvely assumes warning Steve would be the way to win back his trust. “There's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you.”
So Steve shouldn’t be doing this. But he’s Steve. And if Tony knows anything, it’s that Steve has a no sense of self-preservation or issues with attempting to offer comfort even if it ends with a punch in the face.
Tony just jumps into the closest car and drives.
Under normal circumstances that wouldn’t have worked, but with Bucky and hundreds of men that needed to be led back to camp, Steve was stuck sending Hephaestus worried looks between the even more worried looks he sent his childhood best friend.
Victorious insurgents clutch Stark Industries made RPGs. Behind them a town burns, bodies strewn. In another civilians are being marched in rows, pre-execution, his weapons trained at their backs.
It made him wonder if any of it was worth it, but then he remembered that he had nowhere else to go.
They arrive in Italy just as the sun peeks over the horizon.
When they finally recongregate, Hades and him begin to take apart the weapon used by the culprit. It becomes clear almost immediately that at its core, this isn’t purely man-made.
Hephaestus nods, “Okay.”
How–?
His breath catches as he begins to remember the train, Steve, the reactor,
He grabs the bag strapped across his shoulder to pull out one of the two transponders he was fixing right before the flight.
He steps forward slowly.
“Ladies and gentleman, what if I told you that in just a few short years, your automobile won’t even have to touch the ground at all?”
Tony sighs. “Barnes.”
What’s surprising is that Tony’s big idea isn’t where things go south.
It hurts too much to use his abilities now. It makes the ache in his chest and head almost unbearable in its intensity.
Tony fights a hysterical laugh.
Sometimes, Hephaestus
They quickly jog over to the tanks lined up outside the compound. More guards are around the other trucks, but thankfully they don’t notice them, too busy unloading shipments.
Zeus snorted loudly. Then he laughed even though mother hadn’t been funny.
I'd been working on this chapter to post it earlier, but then life happened. Endgame happened. :P I saw it on the night it premiered and my dudes, it was a wild fucking ride and that's all I'm gonna say about it. Anyway! This is the end of act one! AH! I hope you're as excited as I am for the wildness to come. Tony fucking Stark is about to arrive.
There’s a loud thud on the roof. It causes the whole aircraft to shake in a way that has nothing to do with storm raging outside.
From the looks of it, Hades wants Hephaestus there for a reason. He can’t help but think about the fact that Hades wants Steve there for a reason as well. He forces himself to bat the anxiety away. It doesn’t really work.
And that is a problem.
Their relationship could only be described as the worst kind of explosive.
“Neither did I.” Hephaestus shakes his head and gives a crooked smile. “The Fates are funny that way.”
He shrugs. “I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public…”
Because deep down Tony knows, no fool, no mortal, could truly harness the magnificent energy of the Tesseract. It would be so much easier if it was some mortal alone who didn’t know about the power they hold, about the way they are taunting the universe.
is well... absolutely terrifying.
So against his better judgement, Hephaestus speaks up. “I think modifying the way air pumps into the engine would work.”
“You’re on in ninety seconds.” Pepper grabs his suit jacket for him and Tony slips it on.
After a few minutes of thoughtful silence, Hades wanders over, hands stuffed in his pockets.
So he finds himself wandering over to the front of the building. A heavy wooden door lined with intricate detailing acts as the entrance. It’s chipped in some places, but the care that was initially carved is clear. Tony hates to think about the circumstances that caused the owners to abandon their building. It actually might have been a church at some point, but with the furniture gone he can’t really tell.
Tony basically sent his friends to their execution.
He truly realizes for the first time how frustrating it must be to have to go through him for CEO approval when she’s the one doing all of the work.
He’s just naturally an engineer, in the most basic human terms, a scientist. A scientist that works with math and digs and digs until he can discover all of the variables.
Getting Stern to cuss on live television almost makes up for all the wasted time.
He kind of panics.
Steve takes a step closer after a few moments of silence. When Tony doesn’t move away, he continues to walk until they’re standing less than a foot apart.
Hephaestus felt very conflicted about dining with the gods of Olympus. Of course, he messed up when they were alone, and so company may be better. Attention could be diverted, nerves settled.
Because he’s never known a god or goddess to act so drastically for no reason, especially against another god.
The gas pedal nearly to the floor the entire trip, it still takes far too much time to get to the building.
feels from this.  Because if the young Asgardian feels even a small percentage of this power, Tony doesn’t have a hard time seeing how easily it would consume Loki. Energy like that does not belong anywhere near mortals.
“Don’t need to report to base until tomorrow.” Rhodey grabs his mug and starts to refill it because he’s actually the best. “I figured you wouldn’t mind some company.”
“Which broad? What’s her name.” Howard sneers.
Steve stands up, oblivious to Hephaestus and his complete mental breakdown. “Agent Carter.”
Nameless faces laughed in amusement.
“I hate this. You know I do,” Pepper starts.
He was curious about how they could look like Olympians, but still be so, so different.
He wishes it was spring.
Tony doesn’t think he’s a superhero, period. But that’s neither here nor there.
It’s almost ethereal looking. The room awash in a soft blue from the scattered moonlight seeping in. The abandoned building they found has shadows that loom, but it’s hard for Tony to think it looks intimidating with this familiar man in front of him.
“Erskine said your experiment was a failure.” Steve sounds breathless, but he still kicks up, driving his feet into Schmidt’s jaw. Schmidt tumbles to the floor.
Whatever the case, Tony has no way of getting any answers now. So he tries his best to focus on the possessions that were actually saved from what feels like both a lifetime and only a few weeks ago.
Thus his growing headache.
There’s a brief pause where the men look at each other. When they make eye contact with him, because apparently they believe Hephaestus will actually be a member of this crazy team, Hephaestus merely smiles with a helpless gesture.
“King of the Underworld and god of the dead at your service.”
Tony holds onto the Earth like the ground will fall out from under him if he doesn’t.
That was far too close for comfort.
Pepper stalks forward to point at him accusingly. “Tony, you went into an active warzone!”
“Come in,” his father’s voice boomed and the pulse in his throat pounded.
Hera’s gardens, officially named The Garden of the Hesperides, were at the edge of Mount Olympus. It was a place only Hera was allowed to enter because of the powerful magic inside.
for the man out of time.
He lies in wait. He took their power.
Tony slowly walks toward his best friends. “You both stood by my side when all I did was reap the benefits of wholesale irresponsibility and destruction. Now that I’m trying to right those wrongs and protect the people I put in harm’s way you’re going to walk out?”
He smirks, “I really did not have the time to think of anything else that could power your body temporarily besides a car battery.”
And another.
He has nowhere else to go, despite the vicious thoughts aimed at his desire to accept. Zeus’s voice echoes in his mind.
He’s looking at the man who, according to all official records, died on March 4, 1945.
They rush out the back door of the facility, their numbers too large for so few guards to deny. Hephaestus makes sure the cameras are deactivated as to not alert any more of Hydra’s agents and they steal the guns of those they knock out.
His testing however, did not include a concentrated one-billion-volt shock of electricity. Tony is not a living lightning rod.
So one by one, they fly across the pass. The wind rips brutally across their faces.
Hephaestus never really cared for them. Mostly because he didn’t care for the way his creations paved destruction wherever it was aimed.
“Sounds swell.”
The Hydra agents, who sadly do not find Hephaestus to be that funny, move to attack. Steve rushes forward. One of the agents gets a hit in first, but of course this is Steve’s first real fight. Super serum or not, everyone has the “flinch response.” Steve’s brain is probably screaming that he needs to get out or he’s going to die.
