Dean frowns and walks towards the window momentarily forgetting about his tray of food and placing it on a rouge hospital bed. The city seems different now, darker, in a way it never was before. He shivers as a gust of wind crawls through the gaps in the windows frame and wraps itself around him.
Dean watches his younger brother glance around the motel room. He knows Sam's trying to be nonchalant, just waiting for what he feels is the 'appropriate' time before his curiosity gets the better of him and he asks the question on his mind. Dean recognises it in the awkward change of posture, the way his eyes roam the room and the small pout on his lips. "So..have you dreamt about him again?"
Uriel snarls. "Of course it is, it's not folklore it's scripture. You don't even understand the power you have been given. Castiel is a fool, lost and sentimental. But you're forgetting this began because he chose to steal you from heaven he refused direct orders. He is disloyal, unfaithful. He may not have been the first to die but he
The waitress delivers their food without so much as a hello and quickly hurries back into the kitchen. The food looks fairly grotesque as most of the food that they eat does but it's cheap and it's available. Dean and Jake make their way over to the table drinks in hand. They sit down Dean opposite Castiel and Jake opposite Sam, talking mindlessly about hunting. Sam take his plate from the tray on the table, poking at the food before putting it in his mouth with a dissatisfied crunch.
He then hands me another pill and some water. I place the pill in my mouth and chug some water, however, I am unable to swallow it and it stays in my mouth. "What's wrong?" He asks. I point to my mouth since the tablets liquid has melted in my mouth. "Cant swallow?" He asks lifting his eyebrow, amused. The corner of my mouth twitches into a smile as I register his innuendo. He refills my water and I take another sip, this time swallowing the pill. "Whats your name?" I squint my eyes at him while he casually replaces the medicine and re-orders them.
. I only knew her family as a result of her father's death." The officer's eyes dart to the left and Dean knows he's lying. "You knew her family, I would believe that that's very personal." Dean can practically feel Cas' demanding stare boring its way into the man's skull and he abruptly coughs to cut the tension in the room. "Did you find anything strange in the suspect's home?"
"Okay go ahead take Bobby with you." Jo wipes her cheek and practically runs to the living room dragging Bobby off of his chair with her.
"I'm guessing you're Dean." He says, an air of authority radiating around him. His voice is like silk and gravel mixed into one his words burning through Dean with such a pure intensity it makes his bones rattle. Dean had never really understood the appeal of alphas or how they are so alluring, until now, everything about him seems to pull Dean in.
The hands on his ass drop down to his thighs before finally letting go. Castiel sighs. "Fine," He pauses, seeming more frustrated than annoyed and Dean takes that as a good enough sign. "In exchange though you have to give me something I want Dean." He mouths at Dean's ass through his trousers his intentions clear. Dean sucks in a sharp breath as Castiel skims the inside if his thighs. "Deal." He agrees.
After an hour, Dean's wallet is empty and he's surrounded by more than twenty shot glasses. His skull is pounding with every thump of music as he drops his head onto the bar, eyes falling shut.
He stops and turns towards the light, his hand dropping to his side from the lack of wall. Cautiously he glances to the left, bracing himself for the potential horror waiting for him inside the room. However, he's only bewildered when he sees nothing but tables and chairs neatly pushed into place, their utensils placed carefully in front of each chair, it's unsettling, to say the least, but Castiel can't control the wave of relief that rushes over his body.
Eventually, his breathing returns to normal apart from the irregular stutter of breath that comes when closing his eyes but he manages to raise his gaze to the mirror and study his face and the features that never used to be there. He notices the bruise coloured bags under his eyes and the frown that proves to be a permanent reminder of who he really is: a pathetic wannabe who uses his dead dad's music taste and car to give himself a personality. He's worthless, a poison that drags everyone down with him.
"As in witches cursed?" Apparently, the best reaction is to point out the obvious. Sam runs a hand through his hair and takes in a sharp breath through his nose.
...on a Saturday?" Sam looks at them both obviously suspicious and Castiel sees Dean glance away from the scrutiny.
Castiel steps forwards confidently. "No Dean, it would never reject you." He says firmly. "In fact, it did quite the opposite, it was trying to consume you or more specifically your soul."
She nods somewhat uncomfortably. "Well, yes. After the seizures stopped." Dean blinks at her, shaking his head disbelievingly. "Seizures? I didn't know. What happened to me?" Naomi hesitates. He glances at Castiel, directing the question at him but the angel only shakes his head not even bothering to look Dean in the eye.
"Do you have any idea what you've done? I've just lost an entire nights worth of business because all of my customers think my bar isn't demon proof?" Ashamed, Dean's head bows lower, unable to look Ellen in the eyes. He can feel her eyes bore into him.
Dean grabs the next couple of items on the list before walking over to Sam and Castiel who are already waiting at the cash register. He throws the basket down on the side, nodding a polite "hello" to the skinny man on the other side. The man ignores it and sluggishly starts scanning items in the basket. Dean glances around at the knickknacks littering the counter, a kids colouring set, bubbles, sweets, gum, marbles.
"Aren't you gonna come watch me get married?" Dean grins, nudging Cas' shoulder with his hand. Castiel pauses like he's considering the idea before shaking his head. "No." Dean sighs, shrugging his shoulders feeling way more dejected than he thought he would be. "Why the hell not?" He asks, hating how defensive he sounds.
They collapsed against each other and pant as they come down from their high. Dean slowly pulls out of Cas, making the man moan at the loss.
Dean steps forward with a snarl. Castiel puts his hand on Dean's chest but he brushes it off and steps forwards again. "You seem to be pretty certain that you're getting out of here but last time I checked we've managed to kill each of your friends." Ancitif growls stepping closer to the edge of the pentagram.
They had been heading to a diner as a pre-birthday treat for Dean as Mary would only see him for a few minutes in the morning and a couple of hours at night on his actual birthday. He can't remember what they had been arguing about. He wishes he could remember what it was. He hopes it was important.
He wraps his arms tighter around himself, pulling his coat closed and tucking his hands into his pockets. His breath is now only visible under the sporadic streetlights, the few which still light up the decaying parking lot. His shadow lies across the concrete beside him like a puddle of ink it absorbs all light meaning that he doesn't miss the fact that something crosses it, a new shadow of something hiding in the shrubbery in front of him.
was one of the soldiers you're talking about and don't forget what he was assigned to do and what he actually did do."
"Might I also remind you that you've killed the hosts as well?" The thought momentarily shocks Dean and he feels guilt claw at him from the inside and Castiel takes the opportunity to interrogate further. "Do they know where Dean is?"
Castiel breathes in, lets the air out, then breathes back in. "I told you my mission it was to..." Dean doesn't bother to finish the sentence for him, doesn't think he can even manage to say it if he wanted to. The silence stretches between them for just a second too long. "I didn't tell you
Gabriel's face is void of emotion as he says, "That's what I thought." He keeps his sharp gaze on Dean as he sneers. "If it means one person dying or a thousand, I think we all know what should happen." He pointedly glances at Castiel before he disappears into the air.
Both him and Sam turn to inspect Dean who's dropped onto one of the motel beds. "Jesus, what the fuck do we do now?" Dean sighs. Rubbing his damp palms against the denim on his thighs. "This should have gone away by now. It should have stopped but it's like- it's like I can feel it just waiting, itching under my skin." He flinches at the bruising on his hand forming an ugly purple shape, the result of obvious broken bones. Before he can make things worse Castiel is by his side, kneeling in front of him. He cautiously reaches for Deans' hand and holds it between his own, the effect immediate and soothing across his skin. Castiel gives him a reassuring smile and his grip tightens. "Thanks, Cas." He mumbles, suddenly all too aware that they are not alone when he catches a glance of Sam's suddenly smug grin.
Dean tries his best not to let his jaw drop but he can't help the stupid 'woah' that leaves his lips in a breathless whisper.
Idly he wonders what it must be like for Castiel to sit in a car instead of flashing in and out of existence. If he was human would he get car sick? What must it feel like to have the earth move from under your feet seamlessly without the hassle of metal and glass forming a dome around you? The thought makes him think of Castiel's wings. What colour are they? Would they drag along the ground when he walks or would they tower over his head and dominate any room he enters. Perhaps they'd react like a normal bird and puff up when he gets wet. Dean smirks at the concept and leans his chin on his hand to cover up his amusement.
That's the reason why he's outside alone tonight, walking in the cold winters night instead of wrapped up in the arms of some woman looking for a one-night stand. He had been close though, moments from taking home his next pretty face. He'd reached her stool, introduced himself but every second he was sat next to her was another second he'd realise the things she didn't have.
Dean shrugs, the movement making his jacket tighten impossibly more around his arms. "He is, just...later. Turns out being club manager of basically every club in the school has its problems."
My name's Castiel, I am an angel of the Lord. However since I'm supposedly not meant to exist, it's only human nature to choose not to see me for what I really am. I cannot use my powers, which can become a struggle, but no one can know I'm here. Not heaven, not my brothers and sisters, no one must know.
"Look, Sam," He says calmly. "You can think what you want but tonight I'm going to a bar, finding a woman getting this out of my system and tomorrow we're driving back to Bobby's." Dean throws one of the keys to Sam not giving him a chance to protest and walks out the door, already sat inside the Impala and driving out of the parking lot by the time Sam has followed him outside.
At first, it's just darkness and then a twitch of light. He watches as the light shudders under his attention and then suddenly splinters shooting in different directions around his body. He watches the grace flow, soothing him and thrumming beneath his skin, ready to burst. It rushes to his shoulders, down his arms and then back up to his chest, trying to escape towards Castiel.
Dean fishes into his jacket's inner pocket and pulls out his makeshift EMF reader. "Well, we better get to work then." He grins shaking the reader in the air and walking towards the wooden stairs. "Here ghosty, ghosty!"
"Yes! I'm fine!" His yell ricochets off of the metal walls of the impala and snap back at him. Silence plagues the car and Dean shoves himself back against the back seat finishing the conversation. He glares at Bobby's reflection as the older man watches him with a brooding glower. Angrily, Dean looks away. He watches out of his peripheral vision as Bobby's scowl slips from him to Castiel and quickly grows more irritated before returning to the road.
"Dean?" He hears his name being called, but it's not Castiel this time. This voice is flat and matter-of-fact nothing like Castiel's, it's two octaves too high and makes his name sound like a threat. Dean glances across the room to the redheaded woman sitting neatly and professionally in one of the blue guest seats. He frowns at her. "Who are you?" She smiles tightly, her eyes piercing his very skin with their sharp gaze. "Hello Dean, I'm Naomi. I am here to talk to you. Is that okay?" She asks, the question somehow sounding more like a demand than an actual question. Dean glances towards Castiel. There's something about this woman that doesn't sit right with him. "I-um,"
"Agent?" Deans cut off by a short man in an almost too tight suit standing in front of him. The guy looks as if being in their presence is the last thing he wanted today, especially if the way he's glaring at Dean is anything to go by. Dean tries his best to wipe the grin off of his face and look professional. "Yeah, that's me. Agent Wanek." Dean holds out his hand for the officer to shake but the guy has already lost all interest in him and is instead curiously peering over his shoulder. Dean follows the officer's eyes to Cas who's looking more confused than usual, with his head tilted to the side and a small frown creasing his forehead. He's pretty sure Cas doesn't know what's going on as Dean hasn't had the time to explain yet and had stopped expecting Cas to even turn up after he had prayed for the fifth time, but he hopes the guy at least remembers how to act like an agent. Dean drops his offered handshake. "And this is my partner Agent Evans." He offers a curt smile as he slyly shifts in front of the angel forcing the officer to look at him. The guy's lips curl into a smirk the first real sign of emotion Deans seen from him. "Partner huh?" He stifles a laugh before sauntering off into a room labelled 'lieutenant', leaving Dean to stand by the seats with red staining his cheeks.
"You okay?" Sam asks. Dean nods as he takes the shoulder Sam offers him and uses it as a support as he checks his and his brother's injuries. Sam has a few cuts and bruises nothing major on the outside but from what dean can see he's pretty sure Sam is no better off than him on the inside. He can see the questioning look in Sams' eyes but he chooses to save Q&A for later
"I-I- I don't know why she wasn't taken into custody, it wasn't my decision to make." The officer stutters out, his eyebrows furrowing as he searches for the right words. "You're the lieutenant, you're in charge, of course, it's your responsibility to make the decision, or at least to agree with it." Cas moves forwards around ten inches away from the desk and if the officer wasn't intimidated before he sure as hell must be now. Somehow the lighting in the room casts off of Cas, making him look like some kind of giant towering over the desk. It's during moments like this that Dean wonders what Cas' wings would be like, he pictures them towering over the angels head, sleek and huge.
By the time Dean has pulled himself out of his thoughts, Cas is already stood in front of him walking towards the stairs. "Wait, Cas," He blurts out not really knowing what he's telling Cas to wait for but hating how final this all seems as if him getting married is the end of them completely.
Ellen and Bobby walk over to the two of them before Jo can respond and he doesn't try to push down the relief. "Okay you two, it's time to get out of here." Dean chances one more glance at Jo but her gaze is directed away from him. His eyes move to Ellen and his fists clench at his side. He hesitates on how to say goodbye, knowing he doesn't want to leave makes it even harder to work up the courage to walk away. And then suddenly Ellen is opening her arms and Dean practically falls into them, instinct taking over. He bathes in her warmth and soothing smell. The hug is like a soft blanket covering him and absorbing every ounce of worry and fear. Dean has been hugged since his mom died but not like this, he feels the same soothing feeling he used to get with his mom. Dean lets his body sag, his muscles become loose.
"How're your ribs?" Bobby watches his reaction in the rear-view mirror. Dean frowns, glancing down at himself but he can't help but look to Castiel. Castiel usually makes it his top priority to be the first person to ask if he's okay. The angels head hangs, the frown creasing between his eyebrows. Ignoring him.
Dean clicks his tongue and winks, before carefully climbing the ladder. "You got it, angel." He hears Castiel chuckle from behind him as he begins climbing the ladder after him. "You probably shouldn't wear your tag if you don't wa- ah!" Dean yelps as he feels a hand grab the back of his thigh. "What the hell are you-"
Dean frowns at the voice as it echoes through the corridor. "Cas?" He calls, following the echo as it floats down the hallway. With each step the corridor seems to get darker, his senses get more blurred. The skylights show him an inky black sky, the stars only just visible amongst the river of light beaming from the city below and casting an unnatural light inside the empty hallway. Dean stops just before he reaches the door. His hands are shaking again.
Dean watches in awe as Castiel wipes the blood from his face and marches towards him. He grabs Dean's hand with such elegance and grace that Dean can do nothing more than be pulled along as the angel brings him to his feet once again. It's only when Dean sees that Castiel is heading for one of the larger broken windows that he regains his senses.
Dean frowns, rubbing at his jaw anxiously. "Almost isn't what we need right now Cas." The angel closes his eyes with a sigh.
He sits back in the chair trying to force the rope upwards and wriggles his leg to see if his pocket knife is still in his jeans but the denim rubs thinly against his thigh. No pocket knife. Dean startles when the room is lit up and he just about has time to flinch when an unknown hand connects with his face. The slap to his cheek hurts like a bitch and he drops his head backwards disorientated. Dean scowls at the light flickering above him and it takes a few second for his vision to adjust before he can register his surroundings. The one light gradually transitions into three ceiling lights as they swing gently around twenty feet in the air above his head, creaking softly as if they are going to fall at any moment.
Dean's face contorts into a snarling grimace as he pulls the clerk closer. "What did you say to me?" The clerk whimpers, his hands coming down to shield his face still as he answers. "Nothing! I swear nothing!" He yells. Dean's hand raises again, curling into a fist and aiming for the clerk's battered body. However, before he can land the punch his hand was stopped by the hard curve of Castiel's palm.
The guy frowns tilting his head as if studying Dean. "Do I not look like I am the 'IT guy'?" He pulls nervously at his suit, loosening his tie and crossing his ankle over the other. The movement makes his suit almost impossibly tighter and Dean barely stops himself from gasping at the sight of the other man's defined thighs.
Dean knew he forgot something, he just thought it would have been a pair of old socks or Sammy's make-up (
Sam watches out the corner of his eye as Dean slowly stops chewing, his brother's whole persona changes as if someone had just flipped a switch and Sam readies himself to have to hold his brother down. Dean scowls at the suspect with an expression so dark it can only be described as loathsome and the way Deans jaw is set is damn right predatorial, and Sam doesn't seem to be the only one who notices. The woman catches Deans eyes and instantly leans back, submissively turning her gaze to the floor like she was being forced to.
" Dean scowls at the air like it's somehow offended him. "But dammit I'm trying here, it's not like I asked for this." He growls quietly.
Dean took his time working Cas' hole open and stretching it. In the meanwhile, he moved his mouth to Castiel's collar bones and chest, making Cas moan and grab at him. Dean leaves large bite marks over Cas' torso and licks his way back into Castiel's mouth.
A string of curses unravels from Dean's tongue, like yarn unfurling, as he shoots round after round into the advancing creatures. Sam is standing over the other side of the room, breathing heavily and fighting off the pain of at least two broken ribs. He'd been slammed against a wall by a particularly pissed off wolf that he'd shot in the gut. Dean stumbles, almost missing his shot as he steps over the now human body of the werewolf he just killed.
"Well, how else am I supposed to give you my number?" Deans eyebrows raise, then his face falls into a loose grin.
Soon after Dean had slammed the door in Castiel's face the angel hadn't made an attempt to re-enter the most he'd done was clean the glass from the floor using his grace. Dean stares at his still shaking hands and swallows. This must have been what they were trying to hide from him. He's smart enough to know that this is Castiel's grace, it's the only thing he has been exposed to and it seems to have done more than just heal him. Dean glares at his hands willing them to stop shaking and grasp onto some form of self-control. Out of all the things that have happened to him, this isn't the worst and he's certain there are going to be worst things to come.
Blood has drenched its white shirt, the shining black has left its eyes leaving them dull along with the colour from its cheeks as if ice had struck it. The light in the diner is almost completely diminished making its face gaunt and hollow. Alongside it lying limply is the woman, her soul departed. Their black eyes and sadistic grins flash in his mind.
Sunlight peeks in through the brown curtains of the small motel room and shining the morning rays of light onto the dull blue carpet, warming it for the next pair of feet. The hum and occasional splutter of a car grumbling to life echoes through the window, the unmistakable sound of a one night stand fleeing from the stranger they woke up to.
Castiel can't help the smile that grows on his face. Dean still being so trusting, after all, they've been through, after their fight, makes Castiel's heart clench in his chest. He slides Dean's hand off his arm and sits down next to him on the small bed. Their knees knock together as their bodies touch shoulder to hip. Dean tenses at first, gentle human contact becoming a foreign feeling by now, but soon relaxes into the touch. His head lolls forwards before dropping and rolling to the side to rest on Castiel's shoulder, too embarrassed to look at the angel. "You know what Cas?" He whispers. The angel glances down at Dean as he wriggles his head closer into the curve of Castiel's neck. "What?" He replies. Dean hums in the back of his throat, his eyes closed. "I'm so fucking terrified of you." Castiel tenses at the words. As if his whole body decided to just stop existing losing all signs of warmth and life. A feeling Castiel quickly realises is fear, the fear that Dean sees him as nothing more than some monster he's stuck with until he can escape this mess.
"You were dying and I couldn't help myself I was supposed to leave you it wasn't my responsibility, I wasn't even supposed to be there at the time. I was chasing a group of demons, Ancitif. But you reached out and you were screaming and they told me not to, ordered me to go back to heaven." He pauses. "I couldn't leave you, your soul was so bright and it reached out to me as you were about to die. I thought it was a sign."
Dean raises himself to his full height, standing his ground. "No." He answers. "Dean-" Sam, starts but Dean cuts him off with a shake of his head as he saunters over to the mini fridge, opening it loudly and pulling out a beer.
?" He shouts. Bobby nods towards Castiel and the angel sighs. "It seems my grace was too powerful for your body to handle." He pauses. "Trying to ease the emotional discomfort of your parents passing, along with healing your body for a prolonged amount of time it, well, you have too much grace in your system. It's coursing through your body and fixing any...
"Okay dude, pick a case." Dean shuts the screen of Sam's laptop and throws down today's newspaper. He's going to freak out if he doesn't leave Bobby's house, he'll take anything, vampires, werewolves, freaking leprechaun's if they're feeling up to it; anything just to get out of Bobby's house for a couple of hours.
I replace my journal with my book. The term 'my book' still sounds unusual, it appeared to me overnight, no notes, no one looking for it, it simply appeared on my bed and became mine. I flick through the pages reading the words and tracing the paper along my fingers to pass time.
"You sure about that? Because I'm pretty sure she's into you and you barely even glanced at her." Sam scoffs, nodding his head towards the bartender. Dean tries not to frown but he can't help it. "Yeah well, I'm not really feeling it tonight." Sam opens his mouth but seems to change his mind and instead sips from his beer, glancing at Dean everytime he ignores the flirtatious smirk from the bartender.
The house was an ugly shade of grey and black made to look like it was made from brick that has obviously been hand painted. A range of cotton balls and fake insects had been attached to the outside along with a large group of gravestones dug randomly into the ground. Tendrils of weeds have broken through the cobbles that have been laid out leading to the entrance which is a large oak door that's hinges squealed every time the ride operator pressed a large red button. The inside lets out a puff of foggy air that's tainted with a chemical smell everytime the door is pried open.
"Castiel, you need to come down here." He orders, closing both eyes. No response. Sam huffs, resting his forehead against his interlocked fingers.
Dean wills himself not to think. To not think about the angels after them, the dangerous angel beside him and the fact he left his baby brother in a hospital that's watched by both. His breath quickens and suddenly it's freezing his body is shaking with the effort to suck air back into his lungs. "C-cas?" He stutters. His hair stands on end a gust of cold wind travelling across every inch of his skin. "Cas?" He calls again hoping for a response. A thud hits the floor in front of him. His whole body shivering as the thud vibrates through him. Another hits the floor, closer this time. Then another and another. He swallows, his mind telling him not to but his body not cooperating.
"Hannah." He glances at the figure beside her. "Samandriel." Samandriel wilts underneath his gaze and he knows they are no match for him even together. Hannah still watches him with wide eyes, expecting too much from him and holding him in too high regard. Loyal but naive.
He glances up watching the light go around in circles stealing the heat from inside him until suddenly the ball of light disappears through the ceiling and seemingly out of existence. That's when Dean finally steps forwards, he steps forwards into what can only be an endless abyss as he feels himself falling forever. An almost burning sensation running through his body like ice forcing itself through his veins and freezing his blood to protect him from the burning of his skin.
He glances out of the window and watches the rain dribble down the glass and drop to the concrete, follows it as it bounces off of the sleek paintwork of the Impala. "No, I haven't
"Cas-" He turns expecting to see the angel but is greeted with an empty space and a plate full of food. He frowns and searches the space around them. "Where's Cas?" He asks. This, of course, gets Dean's attention and he immediately lifts his head looking at the empty seat opposite him. Sam watches him anxiously because having Dean go feral right now would only make things worse especially if a werewolf knows their situation. Even if said werewolf says he's a friend.
"Out or I kill her." Cassie lets out a strangled cry and Dean immediately ducks back behind the shelving.
Dean doesn't hear the flutter of wings since his music is too loud but he knows Castiel is there. He doesn't have to look, he can feel the intense stare against his face and his eyes only resist for so long before they begin gliding in the direction of the angel. Dean blames their 'profound bond' for making him give up his stubbornness so easily, and curses internally as he fixates his eyes on Castiel's. Then, they simply look at each other because Dean already knows their going to end up talking. If Dean had just kept his head straight and ignored that somehow everlasting stare from beside him then the subject would have been dropped but somehow Dean's body doesn't feel like cooperating, so when AC/DC fades out and the impala becomes silent he doesn't question it. "Dean-"
The fast creature pursues alongside the impala, leaping over speed signs and along the barriers keeping the road centre. It keeps pace with it, never faltering and continuing to stare at Dean with those terrifying, piercing, glowing eyes. Just when Dean finds the courage to speak again, he blinks and the figure is gone. It disappears almost through the air itself. He glances back out the window but sees no glowing eyes, no evidence that the creature had stopped or was even there to begin with. His breath leaves him in a shaky exhale.
"Jo!" Ellen tries to grab Jo's arm to calm her but she easily shakes it off, stepping closer to Castiel. "Who are you anyway? What you made a deal with some demon to get some healing powers and then drag Dean into your mess?"
"What? How can you not know? Especially you, you're a freaking archangel aren't you supposed to know everything?" Gabriel scoffs.
Castiel walks into his living room, his cup in one hand and the tv remote in the other. He can't help the smile that pulls at his lips as he breathes in the oak scent that comes with owning a timber-built house and watches absently as the light bounces off of the beige walls, dimming the light shining from his tv. He trails across the carpeted floor being careful not to spill any of his tea along the way and sits down on the corner of his sofa. Castiel sips from his cup listening to the footsteps of his neighbours as they echo through the floorboards and vibrate along his ceiling; most people would find it aggravating but he's learned to live with it, in fact not having the footsteps above him would be unsettling, to say the least. Maybe he would appreciate being able to sleep in at least once a week but he refuses to complain. The couple living above him are struggling enough with their new child without having to step lightly just so that they won't disturb him.
He snatches a slice of pizza and drenches it in sickly-sweet barbeque sauce. His grease-slick hands clench the oil-soaked bread and force it into his mouth. He licks his fingers, smeared with sauce and oil before crunching on another load of nachos drenched in melted cheese. He devours a large chicken leg and a large portion of fries in what feels like seconds. "Dean?" Dean saturates them in rich, sweet sauce while he jams a large chunk of chicken into his mouth. The animal is too thick to chew with his mouth closed, not that he's concerned. The constant obsession with food makes his stomach lurch as he gags around mouthful after mouthful. Dean can feel the tears well up in his eyes as his mind and body refuse to cooperate. "Dean?"
"He showed me, before-" Bobby's eyes slide to Jo and then back. "We're looking for a specific type of book, only he'd have them."
After taking cover in Bobby's - John's - car for warmth it had taken Dean roughly an hour to explain what had happened to him and Sam. "Damn." Bobby sighs, pulling out more bandages and disinfectant from his first aid kit. "And this
He shivers violently in the suddenly humid room trying to swallow around the lump in his throat as waves of heat course through his blood making him stumble back against the motel bed. "Dean?" Castiel steps forwards holding his hands out as if preparing to catch him the look of anger now replaced with one of worry.
"Dean, you've been cursed." Sam blurts frustratedly pulling the two men out of their glaring competition. Dean looks at Sam with an unreadable expression but the hard look in his eyes shows his disbelief.
He can feel the grace complying ever so slightly to help him recover. Dean squeezes his eyes shut once before forcing them open. Blonde hair and brown eyes meet his gaze. Jo. He scans her quickly and luckily she looks alright. It's only when he looks back at her he realises she's shifted away from him. Her eyes are wide and she's crouched down beside him but her posture is tense as if she's prepared to run away at a moments notice. After what he just did he's surprised they aren't trying to pump him full of rock salt.
Dean throws his head back, bursting out in laughter unable to hold back the hysterical giggles. Castiel looks startled at Dean's sudden outburst. The sight only makes him laugh harder. Dean reaches out pushing lightly at Castiel's arm. The angel somehow always manages to make him feel better even when he doesn't want him to.
John Winchester was a good dad, maybe not a perfect one but hell, he was there when he needed to be. But the continuous effects of the curse mixed with Sam's nagging sets him on edge
Castiel nods trying to look behind his friends at the dimming stage lights. "Sure." He nods giving them a thumbs up. Castiel's friends stroll off tripping and falling as he turns his attention to the now dark centre stage.
Bobby hadn't hesitated and pulled the pipe out. Instantly Dean had howled in pain as the pipe had violently disturbed his insides, his eyes opening only to stare in horror at the blood covering his stomach. Bobby opened his mouth to reassure him but Dean's eyes were already shut, passed out from the pain. Bobby held his hand to the wound but no matter the pressure he applied the blood had still gushed between his finger, the thick fluid no warmer or cooler than his own skin. The blood had dyed Dean's t-shirt bright red, parts of it faded to a brownish hue. Bobby's arms were covered in it, the sofa below drowned in red. He doesn't know how long he sat by Dean's side pleading for him to wake up and stay with him. It was long enough for his hands to turn cold in the red liquid.
Dean knows all the techniques for falling asleep, he's tried them all. But now he's convinced that doing them will only keep him awake longer. Every half hour or so he rolls over and looks at the time. The light from the skinny red numbers getting blurrier with each glance. It's somewhere in the early hours before his thoughts became disorganized enough to release his mind into sleep.
Sam pulls at his arm as they exit the carriage and Dean follows closely behind them. They explore the fun fair with haste making sure to jump on every ride possible and eat their way through the confectionery stands one by one. Castiel's cheeks still tingle with the stickiness of the melted marshmallow that Dean had smeared on his cheek and his stomach is still warm with the sensation of the hot chocolate he and Sam shared.
"I don't know Cas, last night he was being a bit strange, but I just thought he was drunk, and now he won't get up." Castiel frowns and a flicker of emotion appears on his face but disappears as quickly as it arrives; he uses his index finger to turn Deans face towards him and Dean curls over in the direction of the angel, moving the most he has all day.
"But the spell does specify that it can only be broken by the death of the witch who set the curse or by the completion of said curse."
The garden is how you would imagine a monsters garden to be- broken and dead. The trees are all leaning to the side their bark a sort of creeping mildew and their leaves curled in an unhealthy brown way. In the centre of the garden is a pond as large as a small lake with dirt coloured water laying still within the stone walls. Dead lily pads float sadly beneath a small cracked wooden bridge, balancing across the middle of the pond so that you would have been able to look down at the fish if there were any. Mostly every single strand of grass has been starved of water, the only pieces not dried to the bone are the ones underneath the pond that have been drowned by overflowing water. The rough wooden fence shielding the garden from all natural light has ivy cascaded over it, tendrils growing in every direction and the stone path is punctuated with weeds after every stone, clusters of defiant daffodils rearing their golden heads amidst the gloom.
The click of the familiar trolley wheels grab my attention and I stand up from my bed. I lean my head out of the open door to see where the noise is coming from and see the back of the trolley slide into the room next to me. I walk back to my bed pick my book back up, waiting for the green-eyed man.
However sitting around means waiting for longer than ten minutes and, unfortunately for the receptionist, Dean has a patience that lasts for a grand total of ten seconds. So eventually, after being pestered by Dean nonstop for fifteen minutes, the blond ends up shuffling away into a room boldly titled as 'staff only' mumbling under his breath about how much of an apparent asshole Dean is.
"Before I met him that's for sure." She sighs, glancing towards the living room. "He... There aren't many other people who can do what he does. Hunters put themselves on the line, he knows that... Your parents knew that." Dean's head snaps up and instantly the photo of his parents hits him square in the face, they were a team Ellen worked with his parents. His parents were hunters. His parents killed supernatural creatures.
"My duties have nothing to do with you Naomi, this is wrong and you know it," Castiel answers, trying his best to sound convincing even though he widens his stance, ready to fight. Naomi seems to contemplate his words for a moment but quickly shows her decision as she reaches into her suit jacket and pulls out a large silver blade. "What I know Castiel, is that we have orders. And I intend to follow them."
Dean glances behind him at his brother then back at Cas. Sam's always looked like that, the same goofy little brother who won't cut his hair and is far too tall for his own good.
Dean takes a deep breath, quickly regretting it as Cas' otherworldly scent draws itself around him. Dean has to physically turn away to get his eyes to look at anything but Cas and curses internally.
Dean gets dressed into a loose pair of jeans and a jumper that Bobby had come across in the gas station that morning. Where he actually came across them went unspoken. He and Bobby drive to a nearby field (after asking Castiel to fit the door) and find a small area crowded by trees to not draw attention to themselves and a few shooting targets: a soda can, an old cowbell and something metal and disfigured. By the time they finish, it's nearing midday and the sun is set high above them heating the ground.
"Catherine Monvoisin." Sam supplies automatically not bothering to stop scanning through the pages in front of him. "Yeah, Catherine...whatever- decided to camp out in the bad parts of Ohio for one hundred years?" Dean asks incredulously, partially aware that he's shouting and Bobby's asleep upstairs but not caring enough because
Dean carefully moves Castiel's hand off of his mouth and holds it trying to give the angel a sense of stability. "If you can protect Sam you can protect me." He whispers. "Why do we need to leave?" Castiel squeezes Dean's hand as if to reassure himself and looks Dean in the eyes. "They've come for you Dean, I'm so sorry if you stay here you will die. I can't protect anyone who gets it their way." Dean frowns and subconsciously steps closer to the angel. "Who, Cas?" He demands.
Bobby grunts out a response and turns around, walking out the door. Dean's eyes follow after him before moving to Jo. "You don't have to look at me like I'm never coming back." Jo's eyes scan his face for a moment before she wraps her arms around his neck in a quick but firm hug. Before he can wrap his arms around her she has moved out of his reach.
Dr.S.Williams -as it is printed on his badge- nods writing scribbles across his notebook. "Have you been writing in your journal?" He asks, keeping his eyes on his brown notebook and I cautiously slide the book underneath me, wearily optimistic that he will want to read it. "No," I answer, sliding the book further away from him.
Ellen dragged Bobby into the backroom soon after their conversation began to mention how Dean got healed and more importantly Castiel. They all thought it was better not to spread around the fact they've been in contact with both angels and demons.
"You'd be good at it." She says absent-mindedly. He grins at her at the same time she turns to glare at him. "But don't you dare." She threatens. "You know if you join your brother will want to follow in your footsteps." Dean feels the smile on his face go shaky and he glances away. John's words echo in his head, a demand for him to look after Sam, to always put Sam first. "Yeah, I know."
Without warning the motel door bursts open, the wooden body is ripped off of its hinges and flies across the room, impaling and injuring a set of werewolves. The blinding light that fills the motel room distracts dean for a brief second but its enough to get him thrown against the wall. His head smacks against the wall, leaving him dizzy and disorientated as his body slumps to the ground. More gunshots. Sam is shouting at him but he can't hear him as if he was floating above himself. He weakly pushes himself up getting a face-full of wolf and sighs tiredly. This is it. The wolf snarls and snaps at him its rancid breath suffocating Dean in hot puffs, its nose wrinkles with every snarl and growl. Dean closes his eyes just so he doesn't have to look into the glowing green ones before him. He tilts his head back looking towards the stars. He fought valiantly, he's lucky to have Sam by his side Castiel would have been proud. He has a fleeting thought to pray but the searing pain thrumming through him is too much. He feels the wolf looming over him and prepares himself.
The creature must have been no more than a distortion of the light, a human cut out of colours that weren't right. Then as quickly as it came, it left, without leaving so much as a foot impression in the desert dirt.
His power had gotten out of control, to the point where he couldn't stop, he didn't want to stop. Dean had killed someone and he had enjoyed it. He liked seeing him suffer even though that person had threatened to kill him, he was defenceless and Dean hadn't hesitated to strike first and torture. The guilt is ice in his guts. It could be a hundred degrees out and he'd still be frozen on the inside. He can't melt it, he can't shift it at all. He can't help but humanizing the mangled face of the guy he killed even if the demon inside was in control there was still a person trapped inside before it died.
Their lips connect once again. Every kiss has a raw intensity - breathing fast, heart rates faster. Then before Dean can process his movements Castiel is stripping his clothes from his body, ripping them off of his skin as if they offended him by being there. Their skin moves softly together, like the finest of silk.
The second week was interesting, to say the least. His parent's death had barely even fazed him and no matter how many times the hospital's psychiatrist would ask he would always reply with the same monotone voice and tell her that he was fine. He couldn't make sense of any of it, he loved his parents, he still does, but it was almost as if he couldn't remember them like they weren't
Castiel glances around the garden and the ornaments placed around it, making a mental note to clean and repaint the gnomes. Even though the garden isn't his, isn't necessarily anyone's, in his mind, it still belongs to the old man who used to live upstairs. The man had passed away a couple of months back and Castiel can't find it within himself to let the garden crumble, he can't help but feel some kind of obligation to keep the garden going as the man had spent most of his last weeks taking care of the rough patch of dirt and turning it into something beautiful.
Dean's naked skin burns against the tough material of the cushioned seat beneath him. He'd been so embarrassed he couldn't even get dressed, he can't even lift his head.
Her hands are neatly crossed in front of her, holding her notepad and pen. "Castiel." She says, her face holding the same stiff expression as before. Dean feels Castiel's grip tighten on his wrist as they stand across from the woman. "Naomi." He responds bluntly. She seems to enjoy the response she entices out of Castiel as she grins at him, subtly relaxing her stance. "I must admit I am surprised to see you here. I didn't think clean up was one of your many duties." Naomi says, pointedly glancing at Dean. Her gaze is sharp and cruel, a clouded blue and everything Castiel's gaze isn't.
Sam happily takes the pen and begins listing off things that have happened on his fingers. "Well, I guess the first time something weird happened was the night he got cursed, at first I just thought he was wasted but he was being really strange. And then the next day Dean wouldn't wake up, I mean I tried everything from putting him in a bath of cold water to screaming at him." Dean gives Sam a weird look and his brother rolls his eyes. "No, you weren't naked." He sighs. "So Cas had ended up using his powers to wake Dean up. And the most recent thing was a couple of days ago when we were checking out a potential case and Dean went crazy at the suspect."
Ancitif is pulled up with the movement and he lets out a hysterical laugh. The tips of his shoes scrape against the floor, his body is tense as he struggles against the invisible force holding him up by his throat. "Such power!" He croaks. Dean wants him to burn, to feel the pain he does. His need for revenge is like an abscess on the skin, in his soul. Festering like a septic wound, and the only effective antibiotic is cold hard revenge. Savage. Spiteful. Unforgiving.
. That smile Dean had been waiting for. Dean leans in more confident this time. "Of course it's because of our shared grace." Dean stops inches away from Castiel's face. He can feel his warm breath on his lips. "The grace naturally tries to get to its original owner, it will force you to want to be close to me in the hope that it will return to me and make me stronger."
"Winchester." Dean stops before he makes an idiot out of himself with an especially childish comeback and turns to find Zachariah standing behind him with crossed arms. "Yes?" Dean asks expectantly, mimicking Zachariah's stance by crossing his own arms over his chest. "As the manager, I believe it's your job to fix this."
Not that he would make a move on the guy. For all he knows the guy might actually be straight, plus he's one of Deans colleagues, but still, it doesn't mean he can't admire the view. If the guy just so happens to turn out to be hot, gay and interesting or at least two out of three he can always get a one night stand out of it.
"Who the hell are you?" Dean keeps his stance strong, fighting the urge to step back. The angel's lip curls into a sneer.
Dean wakes up a few hours later still abandoned on the road and luckily still with his baby. The beginning rays of sunrise are creeping over the edges of the mountain tops and the dirt beneath him is just warm enough to keep him comfortable. He stands up on shaky legs and pulls himself inside the Impala, slamming the door and turning the heating on.
"Freaking fantastic!" Dean remarks sarcastically and flings himself onto the hard couch in one uncoordinated motion, earning himself a bitch-face from both Sam and Cas. He waves his hand in the air, the rest of his body hidden by the couch and points to the floor.
His hands clenched and unclenched by his sides. This thing, this "angel" is healing him so that he can help find it's vessel so it needs him, it needs him to be alive and fully functioning and has the power to do so. That means it can do the same to someone else. To Sam. Dean blinked looking for a reason not to do what he's about to but his brain couldn't think of one because he already knew he was going to do it, he had to do it, for Sam.
. Bobby places the trinket next to the dish. He thought he had lost his necklace in the accident, how the hell does Bobby have it?
Dean's eyes close suddenly exhausted. "Great, so the one person who can teach me how to control this can't teach me because my grace will try to kill him." Castiel wrings his hands and glances up at Dean.
Jo rests her chin on her hand, her elbow leaning on top of the table as she examines Dean. "So what's the deal with Castiel?" Dean flinches at the mention of the angel's name. He frowns, sitting up. "What do you mean?" Jo rolls her eyes.
Dean rolls out of the bed, wincing as the springs dig into his legs. His eyes once again find their way to Castiel's back but the angel is busy discussing some type of warding to Bobby. Dean huffs tiredly and walks into the bathroom.
Jo claps her hands together abruptly taking Dean from his musings. "We've just finished helping Lisa get ready," Jo beams. "She looks beautiful! Way better than you ever did in a dress!" Dean feels the tips of his ears heat up and punches Jo lightly in the arm as they all laugh at him. "When exactly did you wear a dress?" Sam asks incredulously. "Hey, shut up Sammy or I'll tell everyone about your peppermint patty phase," Dean warns, joining in with the laughter as Sam quickly does his best to shut up.
He watches out of the corner of his eye as Bobby sneaks closer, using the shelving as cover. Dean swings his leg, stepping forwards again so that they shift in their circle. Uriel's lip curls even though he tries to hide it as Dean lets his grace slip out further. "Seems pretty unrealistic if I'm honest."
Bobby glances into the side mirror and then behind them. "Right we'll go in and out. No messing around, get what we need and get out, okay?" Dean nods. He's thankful Bobby doesn't suggest he stay in the car, he still gets anxious being in the Impala alone.
"Are you okay?" He feels Castiel's grace reaching out for him and he shudders away from it. The sensation causing his stomach to lurch. Dean keeps his back to the angel, his mouth opening to speak but all that leaves is a broken sob. Castiel reaches out, his hand resting between Dean's shoulder blades. This time he doesn't pull away and his entire body slumps forwards at the touch.
...day?" Cas' lips thin into a frown the more Dean speaks and Dean can tell Cas is trying his best not to tilt his head at every word Dean says. Dean even allows himself a small smirk when he sees Cas mouth the words 'angel menopause' to himself.
When Dean taps the man's shoulder he flinches and recoils against the wall, the chains hitting harshly against the ceiling. Dean realises that that must have been the knocking he'd heard earlier. "Hey, hey," He hushes. "I'm not going to hurt you, I'm here to help you." The man studies the hunter suspiciously before answering in a hoarse voice. "Who are you?" His voice is deep and almost as gravelly as Cas', Dean thinks briefly that the guy could be an angel but he doubts it; how would werewolves even capture an angel let alone hurt one. The man has cuts and bruises along his cheeks and jaw like he's been punched repeatedly and his hands are still holding onto the chains like he's ready to pull himself up and attack.
Dean wakes up in a haze of sharp pains and the feeling of cold water being poured over his head. He gulps at the air and shoots up on whatever uncomfortable flooring he's laying on. "Dean?" Sam? Dean lazily feels around himself and easily falls backwards when his hands glide across a soft mattress and cold sheets. He rolls onto his side and carefully opens his eyes. Thankfully, the only light on is a small bedside lamp because honestly, Dean doesn't know if he can handle bright colours right now- or any colours ever. He follows the lights shadow as it runs across the motel's mouldy yellow wallpaper and blinks slowly at his brother's face then down to the ugly flower patterned blanket laid across him.
Castiel smiles at the slightly mocking tone in Dean's voice even though the boy himself looks unbelievably proud. "Did he want me to come back another time or?" Castiel realises he's being blunt and quite impolite but he doesn't think he can handle the fame that comes with standing beside Dean. He hopes to leave at least before the group of blondes to their right come over, they seem to be familiar with the charming face of Dean Winchester and have an almost permanent blush staining their cheeks. "Well, he's probably going to be an hour and a half at least." Dean rubs his neck glancing around himself as if completely blind to all the eyes watching him. Castiel sighs.
The officer rubs at his receding hairline as he finally puts the file down to gesture to the two cushioned chairs placed in front of his desk. "What do you wanna know?" Dean nods as thanks and sits down in the chair. "The report said Miss Tesla was cleaning when she witnessed the death?" The guy once again glances at Cas, and Dean grimaces as he feels Cas' awkward presence behind him. "She made the call at about four pm and had asked for the station to help her because she couldn't get out of her house. The fact that there was a dead body outside didn't come up until we had arrived so obviously we had no other option than to assume that Ju-Miss Tesla was a suspect but that assumption died quickly after her death."
Dean leans over assessing the darkness below. Bobby, Jo and Ellen have already disappeared from sight. Dean steps onto the ladder grasping the rail and begins to make his way down. It's only when he reaches the third bar of the ladder that he feels a sharp sting. It's the sort of pain that burns as if some invisible flame is being held against his skin. He pulls his hand back and frowns at the blistered red line scarring his hand. Then all at once, every thought he has turns to confusion as the burning pain licks at his other palm like a scorching fire. He yelps snatching his hand away.
I sit dazed, a small smile ghosting on my lips. It doesn't go unnoticed and Dean looks up at me with a genuinely
"Fine whatever just another thing I have to deal with." He says, distracted by his thoughts and turns to go back to the bathroom but stops short. "That's it, isn't it? No more secrets." Castiel looks past him when he nods and Bobby looks at him too much.
Sam pushes at Deans' chest with enough effort to send him back a few steps. "Shocking news Dean everyone around us dies! Mom, Dad, Jo, Ellen, Jess! And you know what it's not our fault we are cursed with this stupid and crazy belief that we can always save everyone, well guess what? We can't. And sooner or later that list is going to start growing again. I mean who's next, Bobby? Me? You? Or are we just going to repeat ourselves and get Cas killed again?"
"Well, shouldn't that be a good thing?" He asks slightly hysterical. "Why am I not being paraded around as a messiah if my soul is as amazing as everyone seems to think?"
This time Castiel has a plan that he will most definitely follow. Now unlike most of the people he has met in his lifetime, the boy who he's meeting today is also different. He's not some stupid jock or a wannabe goth, this boy is normal and ironically nothing like Castiel except for one thing, comics. This boy, this Sam, loves comics almost as much as Castiel, yet unlike Castiel, Sam isn't unpopular he has friends, loads of them in fact, more than Castiel has ever had in his whole life and he talks about them all the time. Whereas Castiel is someone who you would call 'a person who has been rejected or ostracized by their society or social group' ... in other words the literal definition of an outcast. He can barely maintain keeping one friend let alone twenty or thirty.
Castiel's moves his hand away from Dean's chest, frowning. Dean twitches beneath him, his skin has a thin sheen of sweat and his cheeks are flushed a soft pink. Each breath comes out in short harsh pants, his fingers twisting in the bedsheets underneath him. "It hurts." Dean groans, biting down on his lip to try and ground himself.
"Dean?" Both boys jump at the sound of another voice and Castiel moves out of Deans personal space just enough to be considered normal as Sam appears from behind the trees. Dean frowns at his younger brother still rubbing his forehead. "Sammy? What are you doing here?" He asks.
He needs to try to heal but instead, his body is slumping to the side and he winces as his heavy head hits against the ground. Castiel is still talking to him and Dean can see the fear now. He's being told to keep his eyes open but it's too much effort, he sure Bobby will come out soon to check on them and help. He tries to tell Castiel this but he's not sure if it comes out properly. He doesn't have the chance to check before he's retreating into wallowing blackness.
"Escape from where, where the hell have you been? What happened?" Dean swallows hard at the lump sitting in his throat. Fear rising as he waits for his thoughts to be confirmed that he endangered Castiel and forced him somewhere he shouldn't have been. His eyes dart around Castiel's face as he tries to decipher the angel's expression.
A brief flap of wings echo and Castiel disappears leaving Dean feeling smugger than he's felt in years. Crowley glances at him. "Clingy that angel of yours isn't he?" He says wearily as he looks around as if Castiel is going to pop up behind him.
The angel sighs, placing his hand on top of Dean's back and rubbing in soothing circles. He glances around the room pitifully at the multiple dead bodies surrounding him then back to Dean's sleeping face. Castiel grits his teeth. Dean's peaceful expression is enough for him to forgive him instantly, he wasn't really even angry with him to begin with. The demons occupying his father's children killed them long before Dean had ever hurt them. He sits up, taking Dean with him so that he's resting against his chest.
Once the first tear breaks free, the rest follow in an unbroken stream. Dean bends forwards, his elbows on the table and his head falling into his hands. A broken set of sobs escape from his throat only stopping to suck in recovering breaths. He pushes his knuckles into his eyes to try and stop the tears but it just results in his eyes feeling red, raw and his throat aching sharply.
Jo and Ellen share another look. Ellen nods her head, gesturing behind them. "I think we'd better show you guys something." Ellen pushes open the side door and whispers to Ash. "I'll be in the back."
"Dean you said it yourself he is only here to protect you and once we've sorted this all out he's gone. We've already started looking for a way out of this and I'm pretty sure in a few days we'll find it."
They reach Missouri in just over six hours and Dean is just about ready to collapse on the next warm surface he can find, so of course, that's when Bobby calls. "Yeah?" Dean murmurs his eyes already closing without his permission as he and Sam unlock their motel room and throw their stuff down. "You in Missouri, yet?" Bobby asks. Sam mouths
"No, you didn't trust me." He says quickly. "I'm lucky to have a pretty girl take notice." Cassie smiles, revealing white teeth.
Castiel's brows pull together, a sad smile gracing his lips. He steps in front of Dean, his hand gently dropping onto Dean's shoulder, his fingertips brushing his neck. "I know." Dean can't help the small smile that pulls at his lips.
He hears Bobby call for him, the sound of feet running along the ground. Dean watches as he's pulled past the broken car door, his fingers catching on the edge of it to try and stop himself from being taken into the crowd of trees.
"Back then I don't think any of them knew. Me and your parents had only met by coincidence through Ellen and her husband. Ellen's husband was hunting at the time but she didn't know, she found out the same way most people do. They were attacked while trying to kill this demon that was forcing children to drink its blood and then killing the parents." At Deans's disgusted look, he waves his hand.
For a moment Dean thinks Castiel is going to deny that his plan had been to do anything but that until he sees the look in his eyes. It's cold and conflicted and confuses Dean even more.
Dean inhales sharply as he sits up. "I just don't understand how you do it." Dean inhales sharply as he sits up. "How do you control it so effortlessly? You don't even need to move to use it!"
From this distance, Dean can't help but notice that Jimmy is good looking. He's got black hair gel slicked and smoothed to the left, his face is thin and his chin is covered in light stubble. The black eyeshadow coating his eyelids enhance the green of his iris' and if Dean squints they could almost be blue. He's tall and muscular his leather waistcoat making his arms look toned and Dean blindly reaches out to grab one of them just to feel the smooth skin against his fingers. His whole body feels hot and sweaty and he can't think straight because of the alcohol clouding his thoughts. "So hot." He mumbles leaning closer to Jimmy, the smell of sweat and alcohol radiating off of him. Dean feels a pair of hands wrap around his lower back pulling him closer until he's pressed against Jimmy from head to toe, Dean's head falling against the other man's shoulder.
"Maybe." Is Dean's mumbled reply grabbing the back of Castiel's neck and placing another heated kiss, practically jumping over the bar to get near him, but ending up lifting himself onto it and sitting with Cas in between his legs. "But I think this is much better," Dean smirks at Castiel who is close to drooling at the contact and heat of being next to Dean.
Sam stays silent as he waits for his brother's reaction. "You were cursed." Castiel repeats. "What- when?" Dean stumbles over his words, a now taut look on his face as he realises they must be telling the truth.
Dean barely has time to hold out his hands before his face slams against the car seat. The car door swinging open with an ear-shattering squeal as it's ripped off of its hinges and crashes into a set of nearby trees. He shouts for Bobby, reaching out to grab him and only just missing the tips of his fingers as they are pulled in opposite directions. Dean claws at the ground to try and find some form of grip but only manages to grasp at blades of grass. His teeth click shut as he's pulled across the solid ground. The invisible grip on his leg digs it's claws into the tender flesh of his ankles and pulls, flipping him onto his back so that he has no choice but to be dragged kicking and screaming.
With every word, Dean's memories come back like flashes. The angels from the hospital, the demons in the diner, Castiel. "That- this wasn't my fault. I didn't want this. You chose to send those angels after me. You could've left me alone."
"What? If they thought we shouldn't be killed then why the hell did they attack us as soon as we walked through the door?" Dean questions incredulously. "Well, I may have twisted a few things and told them you guys had killed one of their own." He smirks proudly at Dean. "Guess I'm just one sick puppy."
"Where are we going?" Castiel frowns as he follows Dean. "The line to the entrance is at the other side of the park." He says as Dean bends down beside the metal gate, their position concealed by the bouncy castle. Sam grins. "Come on Cas it'll be fun." He says as Dean effortlessly pushes him over the top of the gate and he lands gracefully on the other side. "Are you sure about this?" Castiel asks warily, glancing around in case anyone is watching them. "What, you never sneak into somewhere before?" Dean asks as he reaches out to Castiel to grab his hand. Castiel rolls his eyes trying to hide the blush on his cheeks as Dean kneels down in front of him.
Ellen is quiet for a moment as she continues washing the plate, her hand moving in slow sure movements. "You and Cas seem close." Dean's hand slips ever so slightly from where he's drying the plate and Ellen side-eyes him knowingly. Dean swallows, forcing his voice even.
Dean chewed on the inside of his cheek biting hard enough to rip the stitches that coated his cheek until the taste of blood filled his mouth. He felt pain without a delay and quickly confirmed that it must be real and that it could be his last shot at saving his brother. "Okay," He said slowly glancing at the clock hanging crookedly on the wall beside him just to double-check and sighed in relief when it continued to tick. "I'll help you on one condition." The light moved closer.
It's hard to see further than a curved staircase with most of the steps missing, but Dean's pretty sure he can see something,
Castiel's eyes scan him, a frown beginning to form on his face as Dean continues to gesture to himself. "I did warn you there may be side effects." He says wearily, his eyes staying on Dean as he ever so slightly turns his head towards Bobby. Dean's eyes bulge out of his head. "What?" He squeals. "What side effects?" Bobby sighs as Dean turns towards him.
Castiel's stomach lurches as he swallows a spoonful of ice cream. The sickly flavour drowning his taste buds and sending shocks of pain into his head, his mind going numb from the brain freeze. He glances across the table at his competitor, his spoon almost falling from his hand at the sight before him. Dean is on his fifth bowl at least two bowls and forty bites ahead of Castiel yet he's still eating as if it is his first. His table manners are slightly flawed, his mouth barely closing as he eats and his elbows resting heavily on the table and yet Castiel can't look away. Even while eating Dean doesn't look the slightest bit vulgar.
His grace searches the room for the next most powerful source to latch onto. It dives through the walls and runs behind crawling into the electrical wires and intertwining with the sparks within. Dean feels the copper wires try to wrap around his throat but he easily manoeuvres them and grasps them tightly in the palm of his hand. The electricity hums within him lighting his nerve endings on fire and singeing them until smoke fills his lungs.
The sun had set long ago and the lights illuminated the sky sending pink, purple and green hues of light into the air and casting a candy-like glow across the entire field. The frantic whirl of fireworks sounds around them lighting the sky with ranges of blue, yellow and orange celebrating the joy of the festival. Castiel doesn't miss the opportunity to slide his hand into Deans as the three of them marvel at the fireworks shooting into the sky. His stomach flips when Dean intertwines their fingers and pulls Castiel's head to rest on his shoulder.
smile. "You alright there buddy, looking a bit out of it." He asks putting a hand on my shoulder and fixating his eyes on mine. The touch is like fire and spreads all through my body making me feel numb from anything other than that touch.
"And what if I was?" He whispers. Dean leans forwards ever so slightly, just to get a clearer look at those eyes, to map out the different colours they contain. He glances down at the name tag attached to the man's suit 'Castiel'. Dean watches the man's eyes close ever so slightly and smirks. "That'll have to wait till later angel." He whispers, stepping back and turning towards the door. Dean tries to contain his chuckle as he hears Castiel exhale in disappointment behind him.
However, once the week was up, that was when things had taken a turn for the worst. John didn't come back, not when he was supposed to, not the week after he was supposed to and not the next couple of weeks after that. Bobby would make up lies like: "I've talked to him he said any day now." or "He's fine, a friend of mine is with him." Sam was as naive as a plank of wood and had believed every word, but Dean knew Bobby was lying. Dean was in that house every day for the three months that they were there how could Bobby have thought Dean wouldn't find out.
"How are you?" Castiel's voice disrupts his thoughts. And just like that, his memories return. Castiel, his grace, pain, blood. It all blurs into one big mess. Dean covers his face with the crook of his arm. "Physically? I'm fine." His other hand subconsciously reaches down to touch the side of his stomach where he had been injured. Its healed.
"Who knows. They knew enough for us to find you and track your car." The demon puts his hand out and the pentagram glitches, stinging him. "It was fun hunting you down I must admit and trying to flip your car really reminded me of old times." Dean's breath catches in his throat, his whole body freezes as he feels a burning heat boil under his skin. "What?" He hisses. Ancitif carries on, a deliciously evil smile splitting his face. "Second times the charm. I was hoping at least this time I'd kill you, save me the trouble of having to catch you."
However, the angel is too busy fighting off the grace attacking him. Dean's grace has now transitioned into a colour similar to black treacle and its throwing itself against Castiel's grace with a blood-curdling shriek.
"Explain." Sam orders and drags a chair out from under the table. Dean sighs and sits on the chair, feeling like a kid getting scolded. He takes the bottle of whisky from Bobby's hand and starts drinking.
"Fine." Dean's head snaps in Castiel's direction. There's no way he should be thanking Crowley he basically hand-fed Dean those demons. The guilt still burns in his gut, fueling the anger that feels like ice stabbing at his muscles and ripping him apart from the inside. "Thank you." The angel's voice is gruffer than usual and sure as hell not sincere and Dean can only stare incredulously.
Sam sniggers and Bobby shakes his head, murmuring something about Dean being an "Idjit." before walking off towards the kitchen in search of whisky. But Sam follows his brother upstairs. "Sounds like a pretty interesting dream." Dean flips off Sam and walks into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him, making sure to lock it since Sam is practically the master of walking in on Dean at the wrong times, before stripping out of his jeans and boxers. "Um, Dean?" Dean jumps at the sound of Sam from the other side of the door and cringes as his hand touches his drying come,
"Cas," He pauses. "I know why this happened but we can't change it. We need to focus on what happened, me sending you to heaven. It could have gotten you killed. If I had- I wouldn't have been able to forgive myself. My powers
." He begs, shakily rising to his feet. However, before he can fully stand Dean closes in on him, blocking him from moving any further. "Oh now you want to talk?" Dean sneers. He brings his foot down on Castiel's chest, sending him to the floor with a thud. Dean leans over him, his knee placed square on Castiel's chest. "You can't stop me, Cas. I'm more powerful than you, I could kill you right here and now." He scoffs. "I mean look what I did to these sons of bitches? You don't think I could?" He grabs Castiel's face, tilting his head back and pressing harder on his chest. Dean leans in, his breath skimming over Castiel's face and creating a different kind of heat. Castiel can sense it coursing through Dean even as he scowls at him, pins him down and threatens him. Castiel's eyes fall to Dean's lips only for a second but it's enough to break down an inch of the wall that is hiding the real Dean.
He turns to Cas for any signs of a strategic plan but the words die on his lips when he looks at the angel. He can tell straight away that this is going to get ugly, Cas is practically radiating holy-badass, his eyes glowing there own celestial blue almost showing the hidden unlimited power hiding beneath his vessel. The blue of his eyes cast their own shadow and Dean suddenly feels very small compared to the being beside him. He can't even begin to imagine the fear that would be thrumming through his body if he was on the other side of that glare. He'd probably obliterate just from the intensity of it all. Dean only tears his eyes away when the sound of something hitting the ground comes from the other side of the room.
Then suddenly they all charge at once. He expected it, anticipated it. Bobby hits one of the demons under its jaw, stepping back as it swings at him. In an experienced move, Bobby shrugs his shoulder up forcing it to take the force of the punch.
A knock on my door frame sounds and I glance upwards to see a well-known face. "So off the abilify?" He asks dragging the trolley in behind him. I glance at him, adoring his features. "Apparently so," I say re-reading a sentence in my book. There's silence for a while and a couple of mumbles leave his mouth, I hear footsteps but not the clatter of the trolley I usually hear. I lift my head and see him standing beside my bed looking at me. I tilt my head and he chuckles. "I have to give you these pills myself." He gestures to the individual pill containers sitting in the trolley. I nod and lay my book down as I turn my body so my legs are dangling off the bed. "Okay."
Castiel pulls Dean from the darkened room without a word. It's then that Dean realises that being chased is nothing like the movies. In the movies, the stars look heroic, sexy and in command of the situation yet, in reality, it's far from that. He'd had no time to put on proper clothes or even grab his jacket and instead is obediently following behind Castiel in jogging bottoms, a loose t-shirt and a pair of old socks.
The moss and dirt stick to his hands as he pulls himself up using the drainpipe running up the side of the building. It's slimy and disgusting but he doesn't have time to complain as the rain is making the ledge wetter and Dean's hand slips a few too many times. He stands, leaning his body weight onto the pipe.
Dean's breath leaves his body in one quick exhale of air, his arms falling to his side's and the shard slipping from his blood-stained hand. He practically falls backwards to create some kind of distance between them.
He turns to the other bed pretending as if he's looking for something. "When?" Dean throws pieces of clothing off of the bed. Moving to the other bed when he runs out of things to throw. He pushes the covers off of the bed kneeling on the bed and pulling at the sheets.
He turns around to see Cas watching him and sighs, he can never figure out that look and that bothers him more than it should. He'll never admit it but he's spent hours staring at the ceiling, on those nights when nightmares have kept him awake, just thinking about the little details of emotion Cas shows when his mood changes, like how his mouth lifts when he says the letter 'H' or the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles, even if it's just a small upturn of lips. Dean thinks that's why he and Cas are the way they are, why Dean will know how Cas is feeling just by looking at him. Studying Cas is somehow calming to him. Why? Well, who the hell knows, maybe it's because he likes having someone close to home, who's not Sam, to think about. Most likely just because over the years Dean's found that reading Cas' expressions comes so easily to him.
"You still think we have a good chance?" He murmurs, watching the angel's reaction. Castiel glances at Dean before looking back at Bobby. "From what I've seen him do. I believe he has the potential to be the most powerful being on this planet. I believe my brothers and sisters should be more worried about their chances than ours."
Dean thinks. Cas nods but his body language gives away how he's really feeling: his lips are pulled tightly together like he's clamping his mouth shut, his eyes are wide and glossy and he's gripping onto the sides of his trench coat like he's in pain.
One of the demons is on his hands and knees scrambling towards the hunter and Dean. Castiel catches him, dragging it to its feet. He bangs its face on the edge of the table and pushes it away.
Disgusted, he glances away. The creature screams as it collapses onto the floor, skin bubbling and bones transforming. Its a constant litany of snapping and breaking, creaking as the bones reform under the skin, its hair falling out in a bundle and covering the floor like a thick black mucus. Until finally the creature stands tall, at least six feet of pure muscle and dark glossy skin you could almost call him beautiful. The man's eyes still have the same yellow glow from before unmistakable and bright. His body is strong and thick in all the right places every muscle on his torso flowing from the light into the dark. He's a living work of art, his brown skin so tempting to touch; every movement giving away his strength. His torso is paired with a set of defined hipbones and toned thighs a large and pristinely hairless dick hanging between them. His eyes are locked onto Dean's, illuminated by a streetlight shining through the window, serious and resentful.
Dean cocks his eyebrow, watching his brothers reaction. "Sam what aren't you-" But before he can finish his question two pair of arms wrap around his shoulders and are pulling him into a soft but firm hug. "Boy, what you doing showing up late for your own wedding?" Bobby asks in his usual gruff tone. Anyone else would hear the question as harsh and angry but Dean knows better than to hear it as nothing more than affection. Dean rolls his eyes and chuckles. "I'm not late, I'm on time!" Bobby smiles at him as he reaches for Sam to give him a hug. "Boy the day you're on time will be the day I wear a pink crown and tutu!" Bobby jokes fondly as both Jo and Ellen rush over to their small group.
"Bobby! We can't just leave him what if he's in trouble?" Bobby sighs heavily and stands up. "I know trust me, normally I wouldn't even consider it but I think we're running out of time to find somewhere safe for you." Dean looks away his chin dipping to his chest. How could Bobby even suggest abandoning a fellow hunter, a potential ally? Even if they're going to fight these angels they'll need all the help they can get. Then again even with one extra hunter or even ten more, it'll be damn near impossible to take an angel down let alone an army of them, even with Castiel on their side. Dean crosses his arms across his chest and sits on the edge of the bed. He shakes his head and glances at Castiel. "At least make sure he's alive."
Castiel glares at her until her gaze snaps to the ground in submission. "Don't get involved. If anyone comes near him I
"Castiel my man." Garth, Castiel's friend, greets tripping slightly as he approaches him. "Hey." He replies with an unenthusiastic smile as the already drunk Garth leads him into the club. Castiel feels slightly bad about skipping the line but soon ignores the feeling when he see's the spiteful looks the people waiting outside give him.
"Dean?" Sam calls from the other end of the phone. Dean shushes him and presses his back against the wall to avoid being seen by whoever or whatever is there. "Yeah Sam, there's something ahead but I can't see what it is from where I am," Dean mutters and flicks his flashlight off. Another flash of light comes from within the first cut way, this time, accompanied by voices; there deep and rough, like whoever's speaking needs a serious throat sweet. The speaking becomes louder and clearer as Dean shuffles closer and closer until he can work out a few of the words. "Nomine Catharina...Alica..Damus Aditus.. in promissione.." Latin, of course, it's always Latin.
." Dean stutters out even though his legs widen on their own. He's surprised Castiel isn't in pain considering how hard Dean's squeezing his hand. "Well, what are we going to do!" Sam asks desperately, brushing a hand through his hair. Dean glances up at Castiel and that's when he sees it, as plain as day in Castiel's eyes. His pupils are blown wide, his lips parted.
Dean watches silently, his eyes and mouth frozen wide open in an expression of stunned surprise as the crack of bone snapping echoes through the motel room.
Castiel takes another sip from his drink nodding along with Deans words. "But then again I don't mind being on that." Dean points at the stage and Castiel follows to where he's pointing. Castiel's eyes get lead towards the stage with the pole in the middle of it.
The angel is smiling gently at Ellen as she places a second slice of pizza onto his plate, the first still sitting untouched in front of him. Dean sighs. It's amazing how even in the yellowing light of Ellen's kitchen Castiel's skin manages to glow like a beacon constantly drawing Dean's eyes to him. Castiel tilts his head one of his many quirks as he listens to Bobby talk. Dean can't help but smile and he knows he smiling like an idiot but everything about Castiel makes him feel brighter, happier. Even the remains of pizza in his mouth is sweeter as he swallows down the sugary taste it lands in his stomach making his insides feel fizzy. And then there was that kiss. The constant urge to lurch forwards just to confirm how soft Castiel's lips finally confirmed with a singular touch of lips.
"You're trying to control something you shouldn't even be able to comprehend let alone consume. Bad things happening is part of the process. If we were under different circumstances I would not continue but if we were attacked and I couldn't help you-"
naked body. He quickly jumps back so he is no longer able to see from the stomach downwards and slowly peels away his hand. The young man is staring at him with bright green eyes and Castiel nearly steps forwards just to get a better look at them but wills himself to stay where he is. "Hello." The stranger purrs, sitting up and noticeably flexes his arms -not that Castiel was watching the defined bulge of muscle moving under the skin. "Hello," Castiel replies confused to what he's meant to do in this situation. "Can I ask what you're doing?" He attempts to sound non-threatening but can't help the slip of accusation that falls into his tone as he inches forwards to see the man clearer through the clouds of steam. The stranger has a thin and defined nose, sculpted to fit his face perfectly accompanied with a pair of bee-stung lips and a sharp jawline, each feature paired with a constellation of freckles and slightly pink skin from the heat of the hot tub.
"I'm sorry I didn't realize his grace would react so violently to me." He pauses. "I know I'm supposed to be teaching him but in regards to Dean's situation, I know just as much as you. Dean was unpredictable before he had these powers and his grace will follow his emotions."
Dean swallows, his eyebrows drawing together. The silence stretches out between them as Dean tried to find something to say. Sighing, he sits up and drags a hand over his face. "What does the book say Cas?" Moving towards the exit, the angel turns away from Dean trying to create distance between the two of them. "I haven't finished reading it."
you need me, call straight away." He says to both brothers his gaze lingering on Dean's hunched over body as the hunter rests on the bed. "Please keep him safe," Castiel says to Sam before disappearing into thin air.
"What the hell is going-" Jake barely finishes his sentence before Dean is throwing himself forwards, pushing the table out of his way as he practically falls to the floor. The table smashes against the floor with a bang. "Dean?" All three of them shout, diving forwards in an attempt to help. Dean gags and retches his back flexing upwards in pain like some kind of beast as if his stomach is trying to escape from his body.
Dean snarls, his eyes practically rolling into the back of his head as a whiff of heated fast food is inhaled. His every hair stands on end and he whips his head towards the door. "Food." He repeats. His fists clench and unclench beside him as the delivery guy gets closer and closer to the door. Sam glances at the door then at Dean and quickly steps forwards. "Dean!" Dean easily pushes past Sam and throws the door open, snatching the food out of the startled delivery guys hands. He throws the food onto the floor not bothering to take notice of anyone else and begins feasting on the variety of different fast foods like some kind of wild animal. Sam watches him with wide eyes, glancing at Jake and Castiel for help but instead choosing to reach for his wallet when they don't give any and pass something near fifty dollars to the delivery guy with an apologetic smile as he shuts the door. "Dude," Jake says. "What the hell have I walked into?"
"Dean, will you at least look at me?" He hears Castiel stand from where he was laying on the bed and God he bets he looks amazing. Dean barley contains his sigh at the thought of Castiel's sex-crazed hair and the potential sight of his pale skin tainted and bruised with love bites as evidence of his sins.
He can feel Dean's grace wrapped around him, accelerating his own. It shouldn't even be possible yet he can see it protecting him. Castiel glances back at Hannah and Samandriel and immediately realises that they are thinking the same thing. Samandriel steps forwards. "We can help." He rushes out. Even Hannah seems shocked at the offer. Castiel knows she's loyal enough not to kill him but not enough to join him. Castiel turns his gaze to Samandriel.
Cas seems to hesitate when he speaks next as if he had thought of a thousand different things to say but can't get them out. "You-I...I apologise I have been selfish. You will need to hurry to get back to your wedding, Sams looking for you." Castiel says formally, once again changing the subject to something else. Dean watches him for a while hating how Cas can change so easily from his best friend into 'Castiel angel of the lord' whenever he wants to avoid something. The air around them changes whenever Cas acts this way as if he's a different person and Dean hates it.
He anxiously pulls his sleeves over his hands and at the rush of bad thoughts that flow through his mind, each thought making him take two steps back at every step forwards he eventually reaches the stairs of the hot tub. Sat inside is a man no older than twenty, stretched out comfortably with his eyes closed. His dirty blonde hair is messy from what looks like his hand sweeping through it and his shoulders are muscular and tanned like the rest of his body, the skin lightening as it travels up his neck. Castiel's eyes lower by themselves from then on, travelling further down to the stranger's toned stomach, flat abdomen and finally across to his sharp hipbones, the curve of his knee lazily stretched across the seat as his legs spread, revealing- "Oh my god!"
Inside it is dark and misty with the strong scent of alcohol and cheap cologne; half-naked women and men strut around the room lingering their hands on all kinds of people. Neon lights attack the T-shaped stage in the centre and the silver poles surrounding it.
One thing is certain, Sam's pissed, and not the fun kind. Dean may or may not have freaked out at the suspect's house and
He can see the outline of his body, his mind like an x-ray piercing the skin and dissecting him. He falls through each section until he reaches a knot of muscle and scar tissue and he prods it. A spark stuns him momentarily triggering a dull ache he didn't realise was there. He prods the ball again and this time the spark is absorbed, it flows deep within the lump until the lump deflates and melts into the skin the spark disappearing with it. The pain burns him, viscously snapping at any small imperfections it finds and ripping them from his skin. He feels his chest tighten, his skin burn and there's only light scorching hot and brighter than the sun, consuming him and pulling him closer into the light.
However, Dean expresses nothing of the sort as he leans further against Castiel's body. "Because I've only known you for what a couple of weeks? But I trust you, I trust you so damn much, with my life actually. And it scares the crap out of me." He swallows, taking a shaky breath as if speaking the truth caused him psychical strain. Dean feels Castiel smile as his shoulders relax and Castiels head carefully drops on to the top of Dean's. Both of them watch the light from the outside ripple around the room.
There is a tenseness to his muscles that makes him feel more like a mannequin than made of flesh and bone. He wants to scream, to force his grace from his body and for it not to return. His brain is a violent whirl of stupidity, trying to organize the chaos. A dull throb pulses behind his eyes squeezing his head like a vice and he drops his head into his hands.
Dean tries to swallow the sour taste in his mouth and almost succeeds. But something must have shown on his face because instantly Sam has his sympathetic frown back on his face and puts his hand on Deans' shoulder, squeezing it lightly.
their favourite soldier is in the situation." He suppresses a smirk. "They're still hoping they can get you back on team angel." He sniggers, standing up on unsteady legs and regaining some of his swagger. "Maybe even that you will help kill the kid when he stops being useful?" He sounds a bit more hysterical now venturing into mad. Bobby tenses beside him. Castiel steps forward. "And what use do they have for him?"
"Well don't try!" He snaps. His rage comes out faster than lava and just as destructive. He throws his towel at Castiel in a fit of anger, his fingernails digging moon-shaped indents into his palm in an effort to try and reign at least some of his anger back but he fails miserably. "Just leave me alone! I don't need your help." He jabs a finger at Castiel's chest with each word. "If I hadn't listened to you I wouldn't even be in this mess!" Castiel reaches out to calm him, his hand barely skimming Dean's arm. The touch is more than just a slight tingle that runs underneath his skin. No, it's as if someone has attached a live wire to each of his nerves, and his body convulses as the violent electrical current pulses through him.
And of course, Bobby has to bring up another of Dean's ongoing problems. Not only are things between him and Castiel unbelievably complicated; after the attack in the diner, Bobby has become even wearier of Castiel. Bobby seems to think that Castiel had killed the demon and purposely put Dean in danger. He has made it his mission recently to make things difficult for Castiel by researching angel warding and putting grace diminishing wards throughout the house. Dean knows he should come forward and tell Bobby the truth but his body freezes every time he so much as attempt it. How can he even begin to describe what it felt like to be that powerful? To want to hurt someone so badly?
of us. It seems you've managed to mislead Castiel just as successfully as he's misleading you." Dean scowls even as he steps backwards creating space between them. "Castiel came to me, you're all chasing me not the other way around. You wanna carry on with whatever you were doing be my guest. Leave me the hell alone and I'll do the same." He pauses giving Uriel the time to consider his offer to try and see Deans side. Uriel only watches him with bored emotionless eyes. the sight riles something in Dean and he takes a step forwards.
The door slowly clicks to a shut behind him and Dean shakily walks towards the metal barrier, the only thing standing between him and a twenty-foot drop, and pulls his sleeves down from their original position of bunched up by his elbow. He hopes to God someone's down there, if he's going to be climbing down some dark dank hole then he sure as hell better be getting some results.
Castiel's eyebrows draw together but Dean keeps projecting the same three words, silently pleading. Castiel searches his eyes for a moment longer before his questioning frown fades and Dean let's out a breath he didn't know he was holding.
He felt the muscles tense at first, but after circling the hole a few times, Cas' body relaxes and Dean starts pressing one finger inside him at a time.
Sam watches him wearily seeming to read Castiel's mind and understand that he once again isn't going to discipline Dean's actions. "I told you, Dean!" He shouts. "You can't be trusted like this. You're lucky Castiel was here to stop you!" Dean nods like a child being reprimanded, trying to concentrate on the here and now instead of the internal war happening inside his head.
Looking at the black of the outside, the lights are difficult to make out. He glances inside the car to see if something is reflecting off the window, maybe a phone or some shiny buttons from the dashboard but these lights move around in a pair. The car isn't bouncing around, so it can't be something within the car. The thought makes him sit up and draw closer to the window to peer out, his paranoia overcoming his tiredness.
Bobby growls, throwing his gun to the floor. "What the hell is that supposed to mean? Why in the hell is killing Dean their mission?" Castiel doesn't answer, his eyes glowing almost ultraviolet in the dark as he watches Dean. Angry, Bobby marches forwards, grabbing Castiel by the collar of his shirt before Dean has a chance to intercept. "Bobby, wait! Just let him explain!" He pleads, pulling at his arms but Bobby shakes him off.
Jake flinches at the sight of it and he backs away again like he had when Dean first entered the room. "It's just a precaution," Dean insists. "It doesn't hurt that bad." He feels a bit stupid talking to a grown man like he's five but he knows from experience that telling someone who's panicking to man up doesn't end well. But apparently, neither does telling a man that cutting his skin with a sharp knife won't hurt because now the guy just looks terrified
"It was a waste of time Sam!" Dean whispers angrily as he effortlessly throws their weapons duffel over his shoulder, the ground crunching slightly under his feet as he tries his best to quietly push open the iron gate. "He's been in there with that
"Yeah, just another thing we're gonna have to try and fix." Just another thing out of his control, another thing he didn't know about. Jo takes a sip from her glass and then continues, serious-faced.
"I'm afraid that was me. I've convinced the nurses and doctors that your brother isn't Sam, he's just someone they're looking after. They don't know him unless he needs their care." Castiel's explanation does little to calm the ache in his chest and suddenly he's not hungry anymore. He tries to think about the last time he spoke to Sam or even saw him. He closes his eyes leaning back in his chair. He tries not to remember what Sam looks like plugged into machines, broken and brittle and instead focuses on him before the accident.
Dean smirks, stopping on the spot and walking towards Castiel, crowding his personal space until he's sandwiched between Dean and a tree. "Dean what are you-"
Sighing, Dean makes himself stand up. Castiel watches silently as Dean walks around the room collecting his clothes and leaving a noticeable six-feet gap between them. He watches as Dean places each leg into his jeans, each arm into his top and each foot into his boots. But Dean keeps his eyes to the ground. "Dean I-"
Castiel reaches for him but he kicks himself away, crawling across the ground to avoid the angel. Castiel promised they wouldn't find him. He retches as his stomach twists.
"Cas!" He gasps. "Please, Cas," Dean would almost love to say he doesn't know what he's asking for but unfortunately he does. He wants to be destroyed, for Castiel to absolutely wreck him and there's nothing on this earth that will stop that feeling now that it's been discovered.
"We don't know. Yesterday it was just as he left it and then this morning it was destroyed." Ellen's eyes flicker to Castiel as he picks up the spine of one of the books the pages spraying out and floating to the floor. Jo keeps her eyes on the floor. "It was demons. We just don't know how they got in, this place is covered in warding and pentagrams. They should've gotten stuck."
His hand has barely skimmed the top of the post-its when he hears a whimper. If anyone else had been in the store he probably wouldn't have heard it but alone the sound echoes. Slowly, he stands, making sure to keep himself hidden behind the shelves. His breath catches in his throat at the sight that meets him. Two feather arches stand just below the ceiling. They're an almost see-through white, each feather razor-sharp and at the top of each cluster of feathers are sharp claws. There's no mistaking them for anything but what they are. Wings.
Dean turns into the first bar he sees which just so happens to be on the outskirts of Luverne Minnesota around half an hour from their motel and as expected a complete cesspool. As soon as he walks through the shabby bar doors he feels a mist of smoke and sweat attack his skin making his clothes stick to him. Dean's thankful that this place is such a dump he doesn't think he could handle getting bombarded by a bunch of drunk teenagers. He saunters up to the bar and sits down on a shredded stool.
They stare at each other with an unbreakable kind of tension. Sam knows that there's something untold in that tension and it's the result of their night together but he thinks he'd rather not hear the details. He decides to give them a few more seconds of untamed sexual tension before he interrupts them but Jake beats him to it. He raises his fist to his mouth in an attempt to make the action seem more casual as he coughs and pushes off of the wall he was leaning against. A mischievous smile traces his lips, one that Sam has noticed is a usual occurrence. "Are you two done because I was kinda hoping to get some food from the twenty-four hour across the street."
Perhaps he can't feel anything either and doesn't like the way the very air is leaving his lungs, restricting his breathing. His eyes are growing tired with the strain of keeping them open just so that he can stare a little longer at this boy who means nothing and everything to him at the same time.
Ellen pulls him in tighter. Her entire being is comforting and he tries not to hug back too tight, with too much emotion. After a minute Dean forces himself to pull away but even once he's stepped back he can still feel the phantom touch of Ellens hand on his back. Dean can't bring himself to look at Ellen so instead, he adverts his eyes to the floor. Bobby ruffles Jo's hair before taking Dean's bag out of his hand.
Without hesitation, Dean reverses as fast as he can. The Impalas tyres screeching against the asphalt as he doughnuts in the parking lot before turning and pushing the Impala into drive. A body hits the side of the Impala barely giving Dean time to turn his head before shards of glass are being sprayed over him. The Impala skids aggressively with the force and Dean's hands burn against the leather as he tries to keep his baby standing. He curses and desperately tries to restart the engine. Loud bangs vibrate and dent the outside of the Impala as each of the werewolves try to claw their way inside the car one of them nearly scratching him as he ducks and moves away from the broken window.
"You knew her personally." Cas states. Dean glances at Cas and watches the cop shift in his seat. "No, no. Not
"Dean wait!" Castiel follows behind him trying to match his step. Dean doesn't listen. He marches towards the house, breaking into a sprint when he finally gains control of his body. He bursts through the backdoor and finds Bobby in the kitchen.
"Do either of you wanna tell us what's going on, or are you just gonna stand there? Why did you end up in heaven and why is my grace getting more unpredictable?"
He advances on the body in front of him. A once pale blue t-shirt is now beige and bloody. He rolls the body over, holds down the neck and punches again. It's stopped by something so he tried again, changing the tactic. It lands this time. But the change of his position makes him hesitate and that's all it takes for the body beneath him to kick him off and throw him back across the aisle. Dean's body lands with a thud, knocking the air out of him and forcing his head down onto the tile flooring. He can feel the blood pooling around him, seeping out and dispersing the anger inside of him. Just as he feels the last bit of blood drain, his body numb. That's when everything comes back to him.
Castiel eyes flicker down only for a second just to map out the lines of Deans face but the invitation is obvious. The corner of Deans mouth twitches up into a smirk as he leans closer to Castiel once again giving him the opportunity to pull away but instead he grins and slowly leans in getting as far as skimming Deans top lip before something catches his eye. Or more specifically someone. He just about pulls away before Sam turns his head and sits back in the carriage. He also pretends not to notice Deans hurt expression from Castiel pulling his hand away.
Sheathing his weapon he takes a step towards them. "How have you brought me here?" The garden shimmers around him, urging him to take his natural form. Cool water flows behind him, a river forming to engulf the cold corpses of his brothers and sisters and consume them to use their grace within the garden. He hasn't been in heaven for what feels like a lifetime and he finds that now he's here the air is tainted, choking him with the blood of innocents, his brothers and sisters once calming hands now wrap around his throat trying to force control.
Miraculously a few days later he had woken up, choking on the tube that had been shoved down his throat and practically screaming in pain when he tried to sit up. Strangely enough, all he could think about at that point was that he had missed his birthday, he shouldn't have cared as the nurse had barely waited a full fifteen minutes before telling him that his parents were dead, but it had been all he could think about. He didn't cry when they told him, they said it was because he was in shock but Dean thinks it was because he had already known that they were dead. If they had been alive they would be with him, sitting by his and his brother's side. Pathetically Dean had prayed that, that moment would be the worse moment of his and Sam's life and that everything would only get better from then on.
to your soul. So when I reached out to you it reacted, I felt it trying to wrap around your soul so I pulled away...I did not think it would cause your body to go into such a state of shock." Castiel steps forwards, watching Dean's reactions.
can get through this." Castiel cautiously raises his hand to reach the side of Dean's face. "Together, I promise." His fingers skim the sides of Dean's stubbled jaw, for a split second before the hunter lets out a sharp yelp and pushes Castiel away like he'd burnt him, automatically showing his aggressive side again as a flash of anger contorts his face.
And then suddenly two things happen at once, Deans grace bursts outwards shattering the wall of grace Castiel had been holding and both Dean and Castiel are thrown backwards. The air is knocked out of him in one blow as he makes contact with the ground. He's not sure whether his grace has stopped screeching or if all sound has stopped altogether. His ears ring silencing the world around him. His neck aches as he rolls onto his side and gasps in what little breath he can. He reaches across to the grass and pulls it from the ground trying to pull himself up.
They stand knee-deep in silence. The faucet drips into the kitchen sink, each one reverberating around the room like a cymbal, yet none of them blinks or moves to stop it. Outside there is no traffic or bird song, by now it must be near midnight. The room is heavy with a mix of fear and anxiety, the air is so brittle it could snap, and if it doesn't, Dean might. Gabriel's words are imprinted in the room his true meaning like a knife in his stomach, ripping him open.
To say Dean wasn't affected by the curse would be what Sam calls complete bullshit. He's had to call Castiel thirty-something times in the past six hours. Each time has gotten progressively worse with Dean flipping out in restaurants, on the streets, in the motel until they ended up here with Dean holding the shirt of a limp store clerk in his bloodied fist.
he has to do. Dean lazily drags his feet, glancing in passing rooms to try and find any means of entertainment.
It's not like he expected Cas to stay with them for the rest of the drive home, he knows that Cas prefers popping in and out of existence, but the angel was about to be killed barely an hour ago. Dean shakes his head and concentrates on the road ahead.
"Where are we?" Dean whispers back. His throat is raw and bruised making his whisper practically silent. Castiel's hand pets his hair. "Heaven." He answers. Dean inhales sharply his whole body tensing. The light darkens with his fear. The last time he had anything to do with heaven he ended up reliving the horror of watching his family die. He swallows heavily. "Why?" The angel seems to hesitate, trying to soothe the younger boy by covering him in warmth. "Calm down it's okay. We're in your heaven just try not to think and stay still."
Dean groans and rolls onto his side so that he can't see Castiel anymore, not even ashamed that he's palming himself through his jeans. His dick has gone from limp to rock hard in a matter of seconds just from looking at Castiel's face. He's not sure whether he's going to scream in frustration or faint from how quickly all the blood runs south. "Fuck...
"Okay, well you guys have fun with that, I'm going to lay here and watch TV while, you," He points to Sam.
"I always knew you were weak." The demon growls, his head staying against the floor as it struggles to move. Castiel grimaces, almost pleading that Dean didn't hear him. "Weak huh?" Dean snarls, his mouth turning up into a smirk and his eyes shining maliciously. "Do me a favour and say hi to Crowley for me." Dean's foot stomps down on the man's neck and Castiel watches the demon's eyes flicker to black. Killing a demon has never been something Castiel would usually discourage but from the look on Dean's face its definitely not something he wants to encourage.
The figure doesn't seem to notice him and continues moving until it disappears behind some drywall. Dean shifts around the fallen metal, slowly following behind the shadow. "Yes and no," Sam answers uncertainly, restarting the constant tapping on his keyboard. Dean sighs and shines his flashlight down the end of the narrow hallway ahead of him before continuing straight on. "Wow, thanks for the great insight Sam, but I'm gonna need a bit more than a freaking guess." The whole building groans at Deans every step and howls in protest whenever he touches anything other than the floor. A spark of light illuminates the space around him, the blinding light momentarily stopping him in his tracks as he tries to rub away the coloured spots clouding his vision. He follows it into a narrow hallway where another bright glow crackles in the air like a set of small fireworks and stops in his tracks.
"Sam we don't have many choices left, we don't even know where Dean went or how far away he is?" Castiel sighs, rubbing his forehead to try and relieve some of the stress that has accumulated there over the past couple days. Sam chews his lip obviously trying to come up with an idea even though they both know they've thought of every possible solution. "There must be something or someone that we're not considering." Sam offers but Castiel just shrugs.
"The hell?" Bobby growls. Dean feels his face contort and fear weighs him down for a split second before he straightens up and steps towards the angel.
The car tumbled over and over before striking the central barrier and coming to an absolute stop. The car had flipped so many times that Dean had become disorientated before he even sustained the concussion that had him drifting in and out of consciousness. At times his eyelids fluttered shut and he thought he must be at home in bed because it was so dark. Then why the cold and the sound of rain on metal? Why the pain, God, why so much pain? He was fleetingly aware of the coppery taste pooling in his mouth but he couldn't figure out where it was coming from, the only indication being that it must be coming from somewhere on his face as he could feel it staining his teeth and soaking his tongue.
Dean runs to the table, sliding under on his front his fingers barely skimming the barrel. A hand grabs at his ankle flipping him onto his back. He snarls at Ancitif and kicks him, landing a solid blow to the side of his face as the demon continues to pull at his legs and drags him from under the table. Dean scrambles against the floor and tries to kick his way under. The barrel is cold to the touch, just out of reach. Then Castiel is there and he's pulling Ancitif up and away. Dean flips onto his stomach, pushes himself up and the gun is in his hands.
"About..." Jo bites her lip, unsure of how to start. "About Mary and John." Dean's heart drops. "And about Sam." Dean licks his lips, placing the book back on the shelf, his arms crossing over his chest.
He startles, realising he had been digging his fingernails into his palms. He unfurls his hands and grimaces at the half-moons of blood pooling to the surface. It hurt and he wants it to hurt. Just to distract him from the feeling that he should be dead instead of those people.
The music dies down and Dean spins to face the dancer giving him a smile as the crowd shouts for more, throwing all their money at him before he walks back offstage taking a glance at Castiel who's still sat on the bar stool.
Coming out of the door behind Ellen a young girl approaches the bar. Her wavy blonde hair falls in soft layers around her bare shoulders. She has tanned skin, complementing her pointed nose and wide brown eyes. She has a kind of understated beauty most likely because she seems disarmingly unaware of her prettiness. Judging by her size she can't be much younger than Dean only missing his age by a couple of years.
"Who are you anyway?" Castiel asks, peering up to look at the top floors windows, silently praying his neighbours won't see him or the naked stranger in his hot tub. The man shrugs and brushes a wet hand through his hair, leaving water droplets to drip down his face and fall off of his stubbled jaw. "No one important, just someone passing through." Castiel watches him for a long while, letting his eyes slip across the man's toned chest and arms. "I-" He swallows and takes a deep breath to steady his voice. "Well, a name would be helpful." He murmurs crossing his arms again, his skin suddenly feeling suddenly too hot and tight. The man smirks, shifting around in the water his arms dipping into the water as a new round of bubble burst up in the water. "And why do you need a name?"
Hannah's forehead creases, her voice dropping to a whisper. "We didn't bring you here, you came here yourself. You broke through heaven's barricades without a scratch." Castiel can't help the way his mouth twitches into a frown at the awe in her voice. He holds his hands out in front of him.
"Okay so a woman, how do we find and kill her?" Dean shrugs, "I might have an idea about how to find her but killing her is going to be tricky, we're going to need a lot of lead." He says simply and walks over to his bed. "What? How'd you know?" Sam asks as he turns around in his seat watching his brother search through his duffel. "Dude, you do remember who our dad was right?" He throws Sam a chunk of led wrapped up in a handkerchief and pulls out a lighter and a few strands of blackberry root. "It's Greek mythology, Dad used to make me read this stuff before I went to sleep," Dean grins at the memory of hiding under the sheets of his motel bed with nothing but a lighter and a packet of sweets he'd kicked out of a vending machine to share with Sam.
Castiel startles flinching forwards and effectively hitting their heads together. "Fuck." He hisses reaching up to cradle his head as Dean does the same.
you get to lust over. It could be anyone, either a certain person or someone you choose for yourself. It's kind of a fifty, fifty chance." Dean shrugs only half listening and taking note of how Sam had said 'person' and not 'woman'. "Yeah, we'll see about that." He murmurs. Sam shrugs and stands stretching lazily like some giant long-haired cat before stepping into the hallway.
The memory makes him sneer, his lip curling in disgust. His chest aches. Could all of his trama and self-destruction turn into a black tumour inside of him, growing until it takes over his entire being? Dean physically shakes his head to try and get rid of the thought. Instead, the thought only succeeds in burying itself further into his conscious thought. If Castiel can prevent him from feeling things does that mean the grace could alter his emotions as well? Maybe even change his memories?
means getting yourself killed then I don't want you to do it, okay?" He watches the angel from the corner of his eye. He needs the angel to know that. "Just remember that." Dean finds his eyes yet again disobeying him and scanning the angels face hoping for at least a hint of understanding but only finding confusion. "I- I don't understand." Cas' head tilts to the side emphasising his confusion. "Of course, you don't," Dean mutters under his breath and focuses back on the road.
Dean grimaces as he presses his hands into the dirt to push himself up. It squelches beneath his palms, forcing its way underneath his nails as he presses down into it. However before he can even get an inch off the floor his arms give out, dropping him on to the ground. The mud and water splurt upwards latching onto his face in dirty brown specks. He groans in disgust and spits onto the ground as he once again pulls himself up. This time he locks his elbows and pushes harder managing to eventually stand up on unsteady legs. His clothes stick to him relentlessly as he tries to rip them from his body but it's pointless.
Dean had run into the forest behind Bobby's house after that, just to get away from everything. But soon enough his dad's way of thinking got into his head and he ended up on the side of the road trying to hitch a ride to Omaha to find his father. That's where John had found him. He remembers the ride back, remembers thinking that his father would shoot Bobby in the gut and leave, or worse because John hadn't taken it lightly to finding his son on the side of the road. But John didn't do any of those things.
thoughts, he tightens his grip on his forearms broadening his shoulders. "If I didn't know any better I'd say you were flirting with me."
The room begins to vibrate so hard that I can see the ripples going through the objects in the room. My single flower resting on the faded white dresser falls to the floor, smashing the vase in the process and placing a screeching noise in the room to add to the loud humming of the vibrations. The white walls crack, showing the white light outside of this room and fall one by one. Everything falls or seems to rip itself into pieces until it's me and Dean floating in a bright white abyss. He releases me from his tight grip and moves to gaze upon me, keeping his hands on mine to not lose touch. "What's happening?" I ask, hoping for an answer from Dean. He smiles, wider this time, like a silent laugh. "I'm not leaving you Cas." He kisses my forehead and I lean into the touch, trying to savour it as much as possible.
"You shouldn't drive when you're tired, you need to rest," Castiel instructs as he watches the trees past. A "pah" kind of laugh passes through Dean's lips and he snorts at the angel. "You're telling me! I'm not going to get any sleep with sleeping beauty back there."
Sam blinks at him a few times surprised by his sudden appearance. "Cas? Oh, hey! I thought you had already gone?" He smiles brightly stepping forwards to pull Castiel into a tight hug. Castiel practically falls into the hug relieved that the lie succeeded. "But wait," Sam pulls back from the hug. Castiel curses,
Castiel's face looks as heartbroken as Dean feels and he hates the way his body encourages him to move closer, to find comfort and give comfort in return. "Dean, I swear I was going to tell you." He moves forward, his hands dropping onto Dean's shoulders. "From the moment I saw you I knew I'd never hurt you." He explains. Dean shakes his head, tears rolling down his cheeks. "No, you're just-" He clenches his jaw trying to keep the tears from spilling out, from the heartbreak threatening to escape. He inhales sharply stepping back from Castiel. "I can't trust you," Dean declares. Castiel steps forward, shaking his head lightly. "And I want you to leave me alone." The angel stops. Dean keeps his eyes steady, resting on Castiel's face, but just briefly, the sorrow already breaking past the walls he'd built up. The relief he had felt burning away under the surface.
"Oh...erm, hey." He can't help but watch entranced as she reaches for his items, the movement causing the sun to illuminate her dark skin. Dean glances down at her name tag, a frown pulling at his eyebrows as it reads
Castiel's more than slightly aware of how many times Dean has referred to him and Sam as a pair and realises that this is Dean trying to run away.
"What's your problem?" Dean shouts. "We survived the freaking attack, Jake helped and we're just a little fucked up. You can leave." He snaps. Castiel, of course, is completely unfazed by the growling tone and instead steps forwards crowding Dean's personal space. "I know about the werewolf Dean and I'd say you're more than a little 'fucked' up."
Castiels hand grabs his shoulder. "Dean, stop!" He tries to turn Dean to face him, to calm him but his hand just makes Dean feel more powerful. His mouth is filled with the coppery tang of blood, and it feels like fire is rushing through his veins. He moans as his vision shifts and the world erupts in colour. At first, it hurts, but then he's suddenly filled with confidence and power. His mouth is set in a hard line his hands glowing white. The light burns brighter and he curls his fingers up.
At first, he thinks he's having a panic attack, his lungs refusing to cooperate with his breathing as he tries to calm down but as soon as he begins to calm images of Castiel come flooding back into his brain, pushing him right back into panic. He reaches out and quickly Sam rushes over and lays a hand on his shoulder urging him to calm down. Dean gasps at the touch stretching out then recoiling like a broken slinky.
"You really think you're up to the job? You're saying if it came down to it you could kill them? Kill Castiel if he disobeys what you see as the correct way to run heaven?" The silence is deafening as it wraps around his throat. The mere thought of hurting Castiel chokes him from the inside. But the idea that he has any idea how to run heaven makes his hands shake and his mind reel.
are going?" Dean makes to walk towards his bed and get his shoes but Bobby's pat on the back stops him. "That's because
Sam stands up holding a thick, dust grey book open between his hands. "So back in 1231, there was this group of witches in Paris. They were pretty much the real deal you know voodoo, sacrifices, devil worshipping. The group called themselves
Icy blue eyes land on him and Dean's breath stutters. Castiel is smiling at him, somehow his eyes are warm enough to melt Dean in his seat. Shakily he smiles back, exhaling sharply out of his nose. There's no room for his feelings, they have more important things to worry about.
It's been barely a couple of hours since they argued. Bobby had decided that staying in a motel was the easiest solution. As Dean was still heartbro-
There's a muffled stillness, a hushed atmosphere only punctured by the faint chirps of birds outside, the scurrying feet of invisible rodents, and the rustling of papers catching the draft. The crevices in the wall allow small amounts of light to filter inside.
Dean laughs louder this time his eyes crinkling pleasingly at the corners and his mouth flashing bright teeth. "Eager aren't you."
out of control." Dean glares at nothing in particular and as if on cue the woman walks back into the room with a box of what looks like chocolates and after what seems like applying a very noticeable amount of lipstick and mascara. She flings her brown hair behind her shoulder and sniffles before placing the chocolates onto the table, leaving her arm to rest on the edge of it.
"The names Dean by the way," Dean says smirking mischievously behind Castiel. Castiel smiles to himself keeping his head towards the stage in the centre and nods to show Dean he is listening.
since Castiel disappeared, the sky outside has already darkened and the sun has set. "You don't think I've tried? The last thing I should be doing is using my grace especially as it's what caused the problem in the first place." Dean's head thrums, a headache forming behind his eyes. Even now his grace is screaming for Castiel, it's forcing him to be restless and unstable.
Cas turns his head towards Dean with a sort of henpecked look. His shoulders are hunched together like he's trying to disappear inside himself and even his bright eyes seem to be attempting to retreat inside his head. Dean guesses whatever is going on here must be serious. Cas has never purposely ignored him, at least not without a good reason to do so. He makes his way towards Cas with an outstretched hand and the kind of smile he used to reserve for Sam when he was younger. Cas startles like a deer in the woods when Dean places a hand on his shoulder, almost toppling as he takes a large step backwards. The clumsiness is so unlike Cas that Dean's hand withdraws before he has the chance to process the movement. Cas brushes imaginary dirt from his dress shirt and pants and avoids eye contact again. Dean doesn't think he's ever seen Cas look so fidgety.
The women seem to ponder on the idea of whether or not to believe Dean's bluff but apparently decide against it and turn away from him. They walk around the room carefully blowing out each candle until the only ones left lit are the ones on top of the table, then crowd around the table itself. They glance at each other, then back at him with sardonic grins cracking their faces before looking down at the floor. The brunette is the first to speak. "Non est hic homo a daemone angelus peccavit hic aut aliqua bestia, occiderit, reus erit maledictus et illi concupierunt." Dean catches only a glimpse of what she's saying as she quientends her voice with each word but he knows it's a spell, a freaking powerful one. He watches as the women each cut open an alive snake and drain the blood into a large bowl, all of them adding herbs and crushing different items into the mixture. "Non est hic homo versipellem esse, lamia daemon seu angelus, sed homo qui peccavit. Et ideo petimus maledicere diabolo eum ad sepeliendum animi imperio intra eas punitur. Hoc sentiamus: si superstes experieris omni peccato, ira, superbia, invidia, ira, gula et luxuria." The redhead joins in with the other witch and soon they begin chanting as they tear open other animals and repeat the process.
Castiel scoffs. Dean really is a natural born flatterer. "Hey, I run and anyway my 120 pounds could eat more than you in a heartbeat." Dean raises his eyebrow a slow smirk appearing on his face as he leans forward. "Oh really? Think you can handle it Cas?" Castiel keeps his eyes trained on Dean's as the waitress places their food on the table. He leans forwards his competitiveness getting the better of him. "I know for a fact I can eat more than you." Dean snorts at Castiel's serious expression and glances around the parlour in mock interest and grins. "Okay, since you're
Castiel clenches his fists, anger roaring in his veins. "If you come for him, I will not hesitate to protect him, no matter what." Hannah's tries to withdraw from him only to be stopped by the tree. Her cheeks are flushed as blood runs slowly from her nose and a small cut on her forehead.
Slowly the smile falls from Dean's face and when he looks at Castiel the angel is smiling broadly. "Dean there's something else I need to tell you." Dean purses his lips. "I thought we were past secrets?" This time it's Castiels turn for his smile to fall and he suddenly looks sombre. "I need you to understand what it really means for us to share my grace." He pauses waiting for Dean to interrupt but when he doesn't the angel continues. "Sharing grace isn't something angel's consider lightly. It's extremely personal and I want you to know I didn't do this to you intentionally. Bonding like we have means in a lot of ways we have a piece of each other inside of us. This is why I can see into your soul so clearly and why you can hear my true voice."
Disgusted, Dean turns away and pulls at the rope while the witches are distracted. The rope slips a little and slides harshly across his skin, leaving red marks around the flesh of his wrist. "Et ideo petimus maledicere diabolo eum ad sepeliendum animi imperio intra eas punitur. Hoc sentiamus: si superstes experieris omni peccato, ira, superbia, invidia, ira, gula et luxuria." Quickly they all begin chanting, their words getting louder and louder each syllable. Dean faces them and suddenly all three witches are looking back at him. "Et patimini, et patimini ." The room becomes hot and stuffy even though it was close to freezing just seconds ago, it's somehow harder to breathe as if something was holding onto his lungs and squeezing.
Ellen knows his meaning behind those words. She knows how Dean feels about Castiel. And no matter how hard he tries he knows that this isn't the end of their conversation and as long as they're here he's never going to be able to avoid his feelings.
Dean's stomach grumbles loudly reminding him of the half-eaten burger sitting alone on his desk and he groans sympathetically for his stomach. He walks to the edge of the tunnel, standing in front of the ladder and decides that climbing down a freezing cold airshaft really isn't how he wants to be spending his lunchtime. Dean cups two hands around his mouth and leans over the ladder. "Hello?" He shouts. His voice echoes off of the wall and bounces back to him but there's no response. "New IT guy? You alive down there?" As if on cue in the 'one hundred ways to piss off Dean show' the air conditioning bursts through the small vent above the door, the loud rattling blocking out his voice. He sighs and steps forwards putting his weight on to the first step and realises that his plan of getting to the basement safely won't be as easy as he thought. The first step on the ladder groans loudly and the second is even worse.
"-Every fucking time." Dean's eyes shoot open, his breathing even more ragged than before. Panic floods his system as he realises he hadn't heard the beginning of John's sentence. He tries to catch up but John already knows he's not paying attention. "Are you listening?" He barks furiously. Dean recoils choking on his fear as John spins around to glare at him. He braces himself as he prepares for a flash of pain. But John seems to change his mind at the last minute as he turns back around to face the road.
As it turns out the effort Dean put into showering was well wasted as he arrives back at the motel sweaty and tired, his legs and back aching from running and trying to gain muscle. Dean throws himself onto his bed sighing heavily at the scratchy material and toeing off his shoes. Bobby left to chase up the case he had been working on to ensure it really was a dead-end so that left just Dean and Castiel in the motel room. Dean sighs again, heavier this time. The urge to change his clothes and scrub off the sweat makes his skin itch but today his tiredness comes in both forms, physical and mental. His body needs rest yet his mind is still wired, piled with unanswered questions, trying to burn out the anxiety he feels. Without the distraction of sleep, he can't keep his mind from wondering about Sam, Bobby, his parents, the angels chasing him and most notably the angel sitting a few yards away from him.
Lunchtime. Pizza is being served today so everyone is in good spirits. I do not finish my meal as the doctors see it as progress which just means me being labelled as 'mentally stable' and being kicked out of here, exposed to heaven.
The gas station has seen its fair share of blistering heat. The building itself seems to droop as the sun beats down on it. Sand and mud are plastered to the outside walls and the single gas pump that sits outside is at least thirty years old, gas dripping lazily from the nozzle.
However, Cas is the first to pull away which only makes Dean feel all the worse if anything he should have been the one to pull away not Cas. "Your wedding Dean," Castiel says playing with the sleeve of his trench coat.
Dean nods. At least she gives him answers to his questions unlike everyone else. "Dean, I understand this must be a difficult time for you, especially with your brother's condition. But I need some cooperation from you, so I can help you."
The sky above the thriving theme park is the colour of a juice-mix dissolved in water. Castiel can see the bright outline of the never-ending roller coaster as it shines below them, parts of it obscured by the cover of balloons and lighting. It was quiet, blissfully so as if it was only the three of them in the entire park being held in the skies at the point where heaven meets the earth. The Ferris wheel creaks as it finally slows its repetitive path and reaches the top. The sun warms his skin as he reaches out to touch the metal bars and peer out of the gap in the carriage, the metal heating his chilled skin. He can see the silhouettes of trees swaying gently in the distance, their outlines slightly blurred, leaves fresh and bright.
His thoughts accelerate inside of his head. He wants his thoughts to slow so that he can catch his breath but they won't. Every breath comes out as a gasp, the lack of air making him feel like he'll black out any second. Dean's heart hammers inside his chest like it belongs to a rabbit running for its skin. The road twists and winds before his eyes and Dean barely manages to pull the car off the road in time before his vision starts to blacken. Car horns deafen him as he throws the Impalas door open and rolls out onto the ground. He squats on all fours, trying to make everything slow to something his brain and body can cope with. His whole body aches with a sickening feeling. He wants to call Sam but the phone is too far away, he can't reach it, he can't get up. He doesn't know who to call, what's their number, they're too far away because Dean left, he went. He inhales a shallow breath. Sam is gone, Cas is gone. What number can he call? It's too far away... blackness... creeping blackness...
"Yeah, Cas I know I was just- never mind." Dean strolls over to Sam and pushes on the arm he's leaning against. Sam looks up at him with an annoyed frown and rolls his shoulders as if to say 'I'm awake' but Dean knows Sam is going to fall asleep sooner or later. "Come on Sammy," He says and pulls Sam up from the desk chair, he's easier to lift as he's not resisting but it's still difficult as he's mostly just dead weight. Sam makes a whining noise in the back of his throat as some sort of protest but Dean ignores it and throws his brother's arm around his neck. "You'll just fall asleep at the desk anyway and I don't want you bitching at me tomorrow when you have a sore neck." Sam murmurs something unintelligible and face-plants the couch when Dean releases his arm.
He feels the moment Castiel's eyes leave him and it's like a physical punch to the gut. He holds his breath trying to control it. "I didn't turn him into anything." Castiel stands up straighter, moving from leaning on the wall. "If I could take these powers from him don't you think I would?" Jo turns to face him more fully now, tilting her head scornfully. "I'm not sure what you'd do." Her arms cross over her chest. "From what I've just seen it seems like you're trying to make him more powerful!"
Castiel is reluctantly dragged forwards into the entrance of the house by both Winchesters and greeted with a face full of fog and a short breath of cold air as they step inside and the door slams shut. The sound of stereotypical ghost and monster noises vibrate from the speakers above them and the fog makes the dark room somehow even darker. A witch cackles beside Castiel and launches from out of the wall beside him, heightening his adrenaline as he jumps, grabbing Sams arm and blushing when Sam laughs at his reaction. They continue walking into the house treading further into the dark abyss as a large mechanical spider drops down from the ceiling and Frankenstein's and Dracula's jump out of walls.
The form shimmers and wavers in the light before coming into focus. Dean stares at the stranger. Looking at them is like looking through a foggy mirror he can see the shadow copy his movements. Dean holds his hand out toward the stranger, a gesture of friendship he makes as easily as breathing. The stranger pauses before reciprocating holding out his waxy fingers, pale in comparison to Dean's. As Dean's hand closes around the strangers he feels a small buzzing sensation, like a thousand electric ants on his palm. The stranger nods his head so far forwards that it disappears into the mirror and before Dean can withdraw the stranger is engulfed by the mirror, leaving Dean's fingers closed around nothing at all.
He thought going inside would at least dull the brightness that radiates off Dean but unfortunately, he was wrong. From what Castiel has seen the waitress has tried at least five times in their past two conversations to pass her phone number to Dean and somewhat surprisingly has been ignored every single time. Castiel almost feels bad for her at this point. "You really only want peanut butter ice cream? What's wrong with you dude?" Dean laughs leaning forwards to rest his arms on the table. Castiel raises his eyebrow at the boy in front of him. "Says the person who ordered two slices of pie
Dean's eyes fly open at the same time the grace shifts in his fingertips. It burns him inside and out and before he can think he clenches his fists. A wave of energy expels uncontrollably from within him. Instantly it shatters the invisible wall. He watches through glazed eyes as the grace dives between bookcases and sculptures until it finds the warding and attacks it with one solid blow. His body suddenly hits the ground, not realising he had been levitated off of it. His back and ribs ache and he cries out. The grace stops and then it's rushing back, filling him with every energy source it can find in the room, stealing the power from the very air around him.
Dean's body stiffens when he suddenly hears the sound of a familiar pair of footsteps approaching, heavy but ultimately unintimidating. Dean looks towards the door. Sam walks past his room once, then twice, then hesitates outside the door. It's at least a little after eleven now. Dean never sleeps this late; he's probably trying to decide if he should knock. After a moment, he leaves.
"Ew Sammy, a crush on a dead body, really?" Dean pulls a disgusted face and smirks when his brother rolls his eyes. "Not that type of interesting. Her body had been injured differently compared to her neighbours. Hers looked more... intended?" Sam passes over his phone, showing Dean a photo of the victim's body. The face is unidentifiable, most of it smashed in and broken with her cheekbone sticking out of the muscle and the rest of the body isn't much better. Even with the blood cleaned off, the body is almost tanned with splotches of red and there are clear bruises across the chest and midsection. There are burns on her right leg that travel up from her ankle to her knee and splatters of cuts at the top of her thigh, whereas on the left leg the burns are much more sparse like whatever was burning her couldn't catch her long enough to make any
Dean had been so excited that he chose to forget about his worries for a few moments to describe the view to Sam, the colours, the array of oranges and reds in the morning and the wave of blacks and purples at night. During the days when he's got nothing to do he describes the blue. He flicks through page after page and searches picture after picture to describe it, and even though he won't admit it, something stings in his chest when he doesn't find the right one. Because all the different blues they remind him of Castiel, keep his image fresh in Dean's mind almost like a safety blanket to keep him stable but it never comforts him for long. The angel is either a mystery or an illusion. He's something that has the ability to make Dean want nothing to do with him and at the same time want nothing but to see him. It angers Dean. He's known Castiel for a week and the angel nearly killed him the first day and lied to him, destroyed his last hope for Sam to recover as quickly as he has. And yet Dean already trusts him again, he's actively searched for him. The angel is definitely a mystery and one Dean intends to solve.
"Okay so get this, I was searching through some paperwork dating from 57' to 2000', and I found a death report claiming that one of the workers was killed on site. According to this, his body was never found but after his death missing people reports came out like clockwork ranging from teens on a school trip to the actual owner until eventually the whole factory got shut down because of 'unsafe working conditions'." Dean peeks around the corner and pauses when he sees something move through the tall shards of fallen roof. "So you're saying it's ghosts instead of vampires?" He whispers into the phone and holds his flashlight to his chest to hide the light.
His face twists into a shocked grin, his eyes becoming erratic. "Ha," He chuckles mirthlessly. "Did- did you just try to teleport me?" Castiel's face drops. This shouldn't be possible, the power thrumming through Dean's body is enough to rival an archangel let alone Castiel. His vessel betrays him as his heartbeat races, his teeth clenching to hold in his whimpering breaths and his eyes bulging in anticipation. He realises its fear that he is feeling, the numbing of his limbs, how his whole body feels underwater, his senses blocked by an invisible wall hiding the real Dean and towering over him like a beckon of death, hovering in the air, its soul as black as Castiel's wings. He can feel the anxiety bubbling in his chest, tightening like a clamp around his lungs. Dean watches him wickedly as if he can smell the fear pouring off of the angel and judging by the way his hands clench and unclench by his side's he's not finished yet.
"I'm not surpri- okay I'm a little surprised, I just thought it would take you longer to work it out, you are a little slow when it comes to these things. But I always knew you'd get married, you're a romantic." Sam chuckles when Dean pulls a face at him. "Hey, I'm not slow! And dude I'm not a
Dean shrugs, a smile pulling at his lips as Jo sits up straighter her gaze steady. She looks so brave, so sure of herself that Dean almost thinks he should ask her to come with them. He's certain she would stand by his side unflinchingly. But then he remembers the way she looked at him barely masking her fear, she had flinched and it had been away from him. They're both so young, Dean is already lost inside a world of angels and demons he doesn't want to drag Jo in with him. Dean's eyes dart around her face. "Wouldn't blame you if you were."
"Dean, what's up with you?" Sam asks, gesturing to the drink. Dean glances at his brother and shrugs. "Nothing. I'm fine."
He tries to hide the blush staining his cheeks and fails miserably instead choosing to glance around the store. When his eyes find what he's looking for his grin widens.
Dean glances down to see Castiel's hand pressed down on his chest. He's not gasping or stuttering, however, it does nothing to calm the constant bombardment of want seemingly coursing through his veins. "Fuck..." He gasps. Sam finally stops pacing and turns to look at Dean. "Okay...okay, so how do we solve this?" Castiel glances from Sam to Dean before casually removing his hand from Dean's chest. Instantly the pain comes back and Dean grabs desperately for Castiel's hand pressing it into his chest.
Dizzy with sleep he rests his head comfortably on the surface beneath him. His body sinking further back into sleep until he discovers the source of his drowsiness, a gentle handle carding slowly through the hair at the top of his head. The hand stops almost immediately when Dean's no longer sleeping body stiffens. His heart hammers in his chest fearful of who is watching over him. Until suddenly he gets that oh so familiar scent that curls around his body like a warm blanket. The scent of fresh linen, sweet flowers and everything Dean associates with serenity. Cas. Dean jumps forwards as flashes of his memories claw their way to the surface. He hisses as he sits forwards, his body aching as if someone had taken a bat to every inch of him.
He closes his eyes under the warm spray of the shower, washing his hands over his body and through his hair. It's barely a few minutes before he feels the first twinge in his leg. It's nothing more than a small pain, not enough to complain about but too much too ignore as it distracts him from the comfort of warm water. Then after a couple of minutes, a crippling spasm hits forcing him to almost double over, working it's way up to his back, stabbing his bones and forcing him to sit down.
His trajectory is set for Dean, staring at Castiel's chest as if he can see through it and to the boy behind him. Dean ducks his head trying to shrink even further behind Castiel and make himself smaller in the hope of going unnoticed. With every step, Dean tries not to flinch as he waits for the man's hair to turn into slimy black coils and for his hands to grow jagged claws. Until finally the steps end and he's standing face to face; four demons against an angel, a hunter and a human pumped up with grace. The man extends his hand towards Castiel, raising his pierced brow with a smirk.
Another demon grabs Dean's head, his fingers digging into his scalp, and lifts him until he's dangling on the tips of his toes. Then suddenly he hits the floor as the demon lunges for Bobby's gun, but the hunter rolls his hands down and away, snapping the gun up hard into the bottom of the demon's chin. The gun flicks again, and this time hits the demon in the Adams' apple. The demon clutches at his throat, choking. It sags against Dean and he quickly shoves it away.
Castiel is entranced by the way Dean glides across the stage doing a duet dance with the women gliding his hands across his torso, sliding them down towards his crotch and circling the pole. Every movement Dean does turns him on even more, making him shift and have to physically stop himself from jumping on to the stage and taking him right there and then.
Castiel nods severely, a frown creasing between his eyebrows. He shuts his eyes and Dean tries not to focus too closely as Castiel's eyes move beneath the lids, his mouth turning downwards in concentration. He can feel Bobby holding his breath beside him, he knows this must be difficult for Bobby as it goes against his very nature to leave a job unfinished and Dean can't help but feel fully responsible. Dean glances at Bobby but his expression is stony and silent. Castiel's hands twitch by his sides a soft glow secreting from his palms.
The angels face twists showing a mix of fear and confusion and he pulls his arms away from Dean's back and instead covers his hands. "Are you sure? You saw an angel blade?" Dean swallows deeply, trying and failing not to flinch at the memory.
, the word is practically foreign to him as every time he gets close enough to being happy something comes along to fuck it up, but he doesn't want to ruin today for himself so he throws on his fakest smile and ignores how tight his throat has become.
Castiel's hand instinctively raises to halt his actions. "Dean this isn't you, stop it," He finally manages to spit out. Hoping that the order will get through to Dean.
The creature stands in front of them its eyes barely visible, level to Dean. The monster wasn't stupid enough to look like one so when it finally steps out of the shadows it's in the shape of a woman. She isn't beautiful in the classical kinda way, no flowing curls or ivory skin, no piercing eyes but she had this look one that almost dragged you in and probably would have dragged Dean in too if not for the weight of Cas' hand on his arm. Her long dress drags across the floor by her feet which Dean now notices are bare, the dirt from the floor doing its job of turning the soles of her feet almost black. "Castiel, you're awake." Her voice is soft and sweet as if she's purring.
His calves ache as he trips over his feet his heartbeat pounding loudly in his ears screaming over the sound of his chattering teeth. Until suddenly a light hits his face, shining in his eyes and momentarily blinding him. He stumbles back shielding his eyes with his hand and squinting at the distant light peering through the trees. His whole body slumps forward with relief as he starts dragging himself towards the light. If it's high enough for him to see it from between the forest trees it must be something big - a building or at least a street lamp as long as it's not surrounded by trees he doesn't care. Dean squints at the light trying to figure out what it's attached to. Another light appears next to it, so it's a building, a big one by the look of it as yet another light appears and then there's a set glaring at him along the outside.
insulted. "Are you crazy!" Jake yells and uses his feet to kick at the hunter's hand. Dean huffs and steps back, pulling up his own sleeve he slices a small cut across his forearm to demonstrate to the guy, it stings of course but Dean's pretty sure after all the times he's had to cut open his arm his nerve endings have given up on trying to represent any real pain. Once again the guy kicks at Dean and hits the chains around his wrists against the wall to make as much noise as possible.
Dean watches the back of Castiel's head as the angel gazes absently at the TV in front of him. He can tell that Castiel isn't in the room mentally, that he's probably got glazed over eyes and is watching something millions of miles away. Dean rolls his eyes, well at least they don't have to make small talk. He closes his eyes, itching his nose as the dust settles in the air and then presses his palms into his eye sockets.
Dean swallows but he can't seem to form words, fear torturing his guts and churning with intense stomach cramps. "Are you both okay?" Bobby grunts and Dean barely manages a nod.
He tries looking at his watch but it's too dark and there's no point in opening the blinds as his work 'day' doesn't start until 4 pm so 'lunch' isn't actually lunch and doesn't start until 6 pm. Irritated, Dean pushes himself out of his black office chair and feels his way towards the door, squinting into the darkness around him. The murmur of his co-workers can be heard coming from down the corridor so after convincing himself that sitting in his office and finishing his burger until the lights turn back on, isn't the best idea, even though it feels like it, he turns the handle and opens the door.
After a few more moments of thrusting and Dean stroking Cas' cock, they both cum; screaming each other's names as their climax rushes over them.
Then suddenly, silence. He can hear nothing but the sound of his baby trying her best to start again and his heavy breathing. He almost thinks it was his imagination, a way of his sleep-deprived brain tricking him until a low growl breaks the silence. Dean quickly brings his hand up to cover his nose and mouth trying to muffle his breathing. Slowly, the creature grows, it's large black head rising to stare through the window with a pair of glowing yellow eyes shining in the darkness. The wolf huffs, it's hot breath filling the car as it exhales from its powerful lungs. Dean watches its thick black fur shake with the wind as if it was getting progressively bigger with each second.
Dean falls down next to him on the table with a sigh. "Jesus Cas." Castiel huffs out a laugh and pushes his hair from his eyes. "Best sex I've had in a while." This time Dean laughs. "Maybe we should make it a regular thing?" Cas turns to look at Dean and smiles. "Maybe we should."
Dean frowns, fear threatening to make him retreat. The angel's grace assaults him from every angle and he can feel his own grace snarl and try to fight against it. Dean swallows refusing to allow his voice to crack. "Move away from the angel." He tries to keep eye contact with Gabriel but they instinctively drift to Castiel, worry pulling his mouth down as the angel's eyes flutter closed.
"Woah, wait! What if there's some sort of booby-trap down there?" Everyone turns to look at him. Bobby scoffs, shrugging Dean's hand off of his arm. "Do you wanna go first?" Dean hesitates and it's enough time for Bobby to step forward and start climbing down the ladder.
Hushed whispers come from behind them and Dean turns his head to where they are coming from. Two young boys stand next to each other, one with headphones in, his eyes idly roaming the ceiling while he chews tirelessly on some gum and the other studying the 'witch rock'. Dean ignores them in order to listen to the guide. "..Thousands of cats died in this very cave and many people say that you.." Dean rolls his eyes as the guide tries to be eerie but fails miserably and directs them all down a narrow passageway. Sam moves to talk to a few of the people who somehow he magically knows are locals,
Sam turns to see Dean squirming again and instantly stands by his side. "What?" He crouches down by the side of the bed and turns Deans head, watching for any signs of movement. "Cas." Deans face twists unpleasantly and Sam rubs his back soothingly.
It's only when Sam shoves his shoulder Dean realises he's singing out loud. He stops and pulls a face at his younger brother who's grinning beside him, before roughly shoving his hands inside his jacket pockets. Sam snorts at him and casually glances around as if they weren't being boiled alive under the thirty-degree heat.
