She assumed this job would be another minor Malavita goon, so what Moriarty told her took her by surprise. “Why?” she demanded. “He’s not doing anything to hurt you at present.”
“Hey,” John said. He was smiling, though he looked tired—just arrived from the airport, at least one flight delayed or rerouted—and slightly nervous for some reason Sherlock couldn’t fathom. “Are you, er, in the middle of something? Have you got company?”
“Oh, I can’t breathe,” Molly gasped, wiping at her eyes. “This is terrible, I’m not going to be able to get through the service without thinking of that song now.”
John’s eyes went wide.
“What the hell are you thinking? What if it doesn’t work? He’ll send you away sooner! And even worse, what if it does and you end up—“ John couldn’t even say it.
On the way back John and Sherlock somehow ended up pressed against each other in the back seat, Sherlock’s shoulder solid and reassuring against John’s. John was buzzing with adrenaline and at the same time perfectly serene, a combination he hadn’t felt since the war. His thoughts were clear for the first time in weeks. He felt a moment’s grudging gratitude to the dog, and decided he was glad he hadn’t killed  it after all.
A year later, the prince sat in his father’s tent on a hill above the valley of Elah, where the Philistine army lay in wait.
“Are they thieves too?” Annie piped up.
Sherlock was not an idiot. He knew, this time, the question he hadn’t been asking. Every time he luxuriated in the touch of warm water on his skin, stretched the pleasant ache of sore muscles, licked cream from his fork, it had been hovering there, unasked.  He thought he might finally be ready to ask.
Sherlock frowned at him. “Did you get that off some sort of support group for cuckolds?”
“Hurry up, John, put on something warm and shabby,” he ordered. “We’re going snooping.”
“It was in a chest,” Garrison said harshly. “I never even got to see it open.”
“I brought a cake,” Mycroft said as calmly as though discussing the weather. “One month clean, I rather thought a bit of celebration was in order?”
The commander made a regretful face, lifting a hand as though to caress his cheek, but not quite touching him. “Not my type, I’m afraid. Pity. We would have made beautiful babies.”
“Love to, but I’d probably best not.” John was smiling. He didn’t think Sherlock was thinking clearly; probably true.
They might have gone on like that indefinitely if the man who called himself Moriarty had not come crashing into their lives.
“Sherlock?”
“Of course not…how is the conference?”
“I don’t know if it will be enough,” Trevor said, frowning. She pushed irritably at her hair as it slipped into her face again. “It won’t restore the original time stream, so at best it will merely slow the acceleration—“
and the prince stopped.
“I have to
“What?” Henry said.
John puzzled at the bruising that became evident as he cleaned. “What did—this doesn’t look like…”
“Oh, I’m not allowed to go. We had a little fete up in the schoolroom with the tutors and governesses, but I’m still pretending to have lingering laryngitis, so I had an excuse to hang back and leave early. I’ll be at the servant’s ball on Boxing Day though, you’ll see.”
“But you’re not gay.” Sherlock’s voice was faintly questioning.
“Did that…” John hesitated, but he had to know. “Is that what happened when you were at school?”
“Would you?”
There was nothing special about the day it ended—no particular trauma, no anniversary or flashback. He just woke in the morning and knew that he was done. He had reached the end of the line and it was time to exit the train.
Since Sherlock offered unqualified compliments about as often as he volunteered to clean the loo, John filed this away to tell Ryan later. “You just say that because she listens to you.”
“I know. Remember to say ‘sir’, or ‘my Lord’.
“She died. That didn’t help; they didn’t couldn’t charge my dad with it, but everybody thought he had something to do with it, maybe had his drug buddies kill her so she couldn’t talk.” Michael’s voice took on a bitter edge for the first time. “Thing was, my dad didn’t
“This is not getting you off house arrest.” Mycroft sounded restored by the opportunity to deny Sherlock, as he’d expected. “I’ll come round tonight. Maybe Mrs. Hudson can clear me a chair.”
“Well, stop interrupting him, and maybe he’ll see the light. What’s my assignment?”
“I’m afraid she’s out this morning, but she left word that she hoped you’d join her for luncheon.”
“Sherlock? Hey, Sherlock.” John stopped just inside the door, setting the takeaway bags down while he shucked his wet coat and shoes. “Did you forget I was coming over?”
“About time,” Arslan said when Sherlock slid gingerly into his usual place at dinner that night. “I’m sick of having to play cards with these arseholes.”
“See? Already warmed up. What do you feel like doing tonight, then?”
Sherlock gave him one quick startled glance before turning his back—or as much as he could in a cab, anyway. He wrapped his arms around himself and stared stonily out the window. John sighed. Fine. On thinking it over, a row about an aborted orgy wasn’t something he wanted to have in the back of a cab either. It was a short ride home; John could wait.
“A while since you’ve been back then, sir?” The driver asked, catching his eye. They were on their way from the Guardians’ training facility to London HQ.
St. Elizabeth’s was a prettier, less fussy church than St. George’s; like the cathedral, St. Elizabeth’s bore a sign advising the church was open only to omegas between noon and three PM. John checked his watch—just before three—and pulled the door open with some reluctance. Sherlock was standing at the entrance to the sanctuary, frowning at two omegas who were sitting halfway up the aisle with their heads together. One Bonded, one ancilla, John noticed. Sherlock gave an irritated huff and swished over to the small side chapel.
Feeling sick and heavy with grief and fear, John led Shovel into the stables and was surprised to find Ned and Davy whispering in the tack room.
John looked only briefly astounded before he nodded as though Sherlock proposed looking up old friends all the time. “I remember her. From Baskerville, right? Sure, go ahead. If I’m free one evening I might take Werner up on his offer to show me his favorite beer halls.”
“I was going to say, not a terrible idea,” Molly said a little tartly. “Stop finishing my sentences. That’ll be about fifteen minutes, want anything? I’m going to run for a sandwich.”
Samirelliev stood up abruptly, and Sherlock hurried to stand also. “I will think on this,” he said again. When Sherlock turned to go he touched his shoulder and said, “You did well to tell me, Seref.”
“I would prefer that you stay down here. I would….” Sherlock took a breath and said in a rush, “I want to sleep with you.” I want to sleep in your arms. I want to wake up and have sex with you again in some form and then I would like to fall asleep with you again and know you will be there in the morning. I want you never to leave.
“Sorry, I’m terribly sorry, I see now of course you’re not—what happened to Anthea?”
“Okay, half an hour.”
The storm had still not arrived when John went off to bed. All the windows in the stables were already as wide open as they could go, and John propped his door open in the hope of a breeze. The room was swelteringly hot. John sighed, stripped to his nightshirt, and lay on his bed picturing a midwinter morning back at Willoughby Chase: dark, freezing, water frozen in the troughs, his toes numb in their boots, fingers fumbling with the bridles. He drifted into a dream of wandering in the Chase tack room--which in his dream had grown hopelessly large--trying to find Lancer’s bridle. Someone had rearranged all the tack, and he could make nothing of the labels. “No,” he said suddenly, “I can read now,” and a great gust of winter wind blew all the tack away.
The snow had stopped, and now the wind had blown away the last of the low scudding clouds to reveal a three-quarter moon, lighting everything with the crisp precision of a black-and white photograph. John raised himself up on one elbow to look out. Everything was so
“Well, she wouldn’t listen to me if you hadn’t got on her good side in the first place, so you can share in the credit.”
When he woke again it was night. Someone else was in the chair this time, the housekeeper. She appeared to be asleep. Sherlock was thirsty, but more urgently he needed the loo, so he slid out of bed and padded over to the en suite. He felt surprisingly not-bad: throat sore and still a bit hungover from the sedatives, but with much less soreness than he usually had after heat.
Angelo actually laughed. “Every man in here’s innocent but me,” he said, “but I think maybe you actually are.”
“All right, my turn,” Moran said when they all settled down. “You’re upper class, obviously, went to boarding school quite young—what age do those families outsource their kids, seven? Then public school, Eton or Harrow of course. I’m going to guess Harrow.”
“All right, yes, I understand. I promise not to try to provoke you and to, to...take a time-out if warranted.”
Mycroft raised one eyebrow, “I came to see how you were doing.”
“I used to be fat, would you believe?” Mike said, grinning a little lopsidedly. “If my mother had the money she would bring muffins for every lad in the place.”
Sherlock set off, peering at three different clubs before he finally found one up to his mysterious standards and swept John inside. John had no idea what he had been looking for, unless it was for the most crowded possible venue—the club was packed wall-to-wall, and John had a suspicion Sherlock had bribed the bouncer to bend the fire code. Sherlock didn’t bother trying to fight his way to the bar; he just grabbed John’s wrist and began slithering through the crowd toward the crush of people undulating on the dance floor. John was sweating already, the overactive bass of the sound system throbbing in his ears and his vision half-blinded by the multi-colored flashing lights, before Sherlock decided they’d gone far enough and turned in the narrow space.
Later, when Rowan had gone to the station with Father, Mycroft cornered Sherlock by the stairs. “You know,” he said a bit stiffly, “you can always come and stay with me at Cambridge.”
“Not the hat!” John said. He neatly snatched the deerstalker from the air where Sherlock had just launched it in a smooth flight toward the rubbish heap. “You can’t bin the hat. It’s only a bit scorched, look, the rest is just soot. I’ll take it to the cleaners and it will be good as new.”
“No idea,” Sherlock said dismissively. John heard him stand. “Either I was high or deleted it. Ready?”
Okay then. John made short work of his errand. When he emerged back onto the square he had a moment’s panic when he didn’t see Sherlock, but he was right there; John was so used to seeing his dramatic silhouette in his coat that he almost missed the slender man with his sleeves rolled up, watching the musicians. Sherlock’s back was to John and his head tilted a little to the side and the sight of him from behind—long white neck, the inviting curve of his arse—stirred a simmering ember of arousal deep in John’s gut. He stepped up behind him and realized they were of a height; John was still standing on the raised pavement outside the shops. He hesitated, then slid his arms around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him back against John’s chest.
Agra refilled her cup, regarding him with amusement. “I’ll make you a deal,” she said. “You find me the files and I’ll let you go.”
And off he went. John shook his head. He’d get extra, he thought, just in case. They could always eat it tomorrow.
“What?” John blinked, taken aback.
John smiled.
“I just thought you’d be happy for anything right now. We’ve been back over a week, I reckoned you were getting bored.”
Sherlock exhaled in a puff of smoke. “Well, keep your nose clean then,” he said casually. He had no idea what he should say. Who would have thought investigating a murder would require so much…
For the first time, Sherlock wondered how he was going to manage as a refugee. He assumed some sort of program was in place to provide at least temporary food and shelter. That and access to suppressants was all he really needed—he’d find work of some sort soon enough, whatever would earn him enough money to get to Toronto, where Gregson had promised to help him. He would have his life back again.
John kicked off his shoes and slipped onto the bed. He gathered Sherlock’s fragile body tenderly in his arms. “I’m the one who is sorry,” he said softly. “You were right all along, you were right about everything, and I was too much of a coward to admit it. I love you, Sherlock, I love you more than anything in the world, and I’m yours as long as you’ll have me, however you will have me.”
John tried to ignore the little bloom of warmth he felt. “Well, you can always go back to his place, although it’s likely a lot farther or he shares or both. Or you can, you know. If you’re someplace reasonably private, like an alley, or if you stick around here past closing, you can do a fair amount whilst still keeping your clothing on. Grinding, hand jobs—those are all good options.”
“It would be risky, the artery and nerve right there,” John said. He reached out and took Sherlock by the hips, brushing his thumbs over the crease between thigh and groin to demonstrate. Sherlock swallowed again and then again, loud in the silent room. He could feel his outstretched arms begin to tremble. The tips of John’s fingers were touching the exposed skin of his bare flanks. Sherlock could feel the touch as though it burned: there would be fingerprints now, on this part of his body where John had never touched before.
John was not sure what exactly was going on, though he was beginning to have an idea. Sherlock’s dilated pupils, the cramping and sweating and vomiting, his tearing eyes and nose: he had seen those symptoms before, in Afghanistan and earlier. But Sherlock looked like a fucking concentration camp victim and his nails were gone and there were marks on his arms and back and where was that fucking doctor anyway? The nurse who brought them back had promised to page him.
” Sherlock breathed rapturously. He reached into the box and pulled out the topmost object, a small Bible of the sort handed out by earnest church ladies. John stared. “Oh, yes. Is there a letter?”
By the time Lestrade came round late the next morning, John was ready to turn Sherlock over his knee and spank him.
Lestrade shrugged. “I’ve snogged everyone else tonight,” he said cheerfully, grabbed Sherlock by the head, and kissed him soundly. Sherlock yelped and struggled, and Lestrade slapped his arse and began singing, “God rest ye drunk detectives, let nothing you dismay; remember John’s huge penis is yours on Christmas Day…”
“Those guys are glaring at you,” John muttered. “If you get back in a game with them,
In January, in the middle of the coldest night of the year, Sherlock woke to the tingle of snowflakes on his cheeks and knew with bone-deep certainty that he was not mad.
John had been hoping that Sherlock could be put right with a few days of rest and a double dose of lung tonic, but instead he was sent straight to the respiratory ward, where he was miserable. John did everything he could to help: found him an extra pillow and blanket, brought books from the school, but Sherlock was just ill enough to be uncomfortable but not too ill to be thoroughly bored.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, even though John couldn’t see him. “I did it exactly as I did when I came home from hospital, yes, it isn’t a complicated procedure.”
Michael shook his head, still smiling, but the smile faded as he looked down at his plate. “That time they were talking about,” he said. “When the police came? That was about me. My mom found me looking at some porn. If it had been girls she probably wouldn’t have mentioned it to my dad—might have whupped me herself, even though I was twice her size—but, you know it was guys, and…” He looked up again, pain visible in his eyes. “I thought he would kill me. I don’t know what he’ll think, if he ever finds out. My sister knows, she’s cool, always wanting to set me up. I think my mom does too, but we’ve never talked about it. They’re okay. But my dad…” he shook his head again. “I don’t know why I even care. Are you out to your family?”
John took Sherlock’s arm quickly and steered him through the doorway, where Mrs. Hudson had been hovering anxiously. As they went up the stairs Sherlock could hear her fluttering away: “Why don’t I fetch you a cup of tea, Commander, and have Phillips get you out of those wet shoes, and we’ll build the fire up a bit, such a nasty day…”
“Are you going to tell me where we’re going now?” Sherlock asked after several minutes of tense silence.
which she claimed to find fascinating, although she admitted that she frequently had to look up words on her phone. Sherlock indulged in a momentary fantasy of passing Hobbes off to Mycroft, with their mutual appreciation of political philosophy and desserts; just the thought of Hobbes humming her way through the Diogenes Club made him smile inwardly. This in turn reminded him that Mycroft might well have information about the insurance fraud suspects from the forensic accountant by now. He shooed Hobbes off directly they’d finished eating so he could phone.
“Stephen,” Teddy said in a dramatic, terrified whisper. Several of the smaller boys near the door had begun to whimper and Benny actually cried, “Me too! I saw him too!”
“I suppose you did know,” Donovan said. “About an hour. Will you shut up a minute? MacDougall’s willing to let you see the whole file, photos and witness lists and all, but they’re still wrapping things up here for tonight. I’ve got some paperwork to do anyway so I’ll wait around til they’re done and then send you the whole lot in a zip file.”
The man was still, weighing the implied threat. His fingers closed around the money. “He overdose?”
Sherlock felt John come back to full wakefulness.  “Er….I’ve never done that, but if you don’t mind the mess…we should probably get tested.”
“Well, it wasn’t as though she signed the drawings,” Mycroft said as though it were obvious.
Sherlock’s relationship to the servants was somewhat murky. He was unquestionably their social superior, but also in effect their prisoner, and no one seemed to know how to treat him.  Phillips responded with automatic deference to any tone of authority—rather like a dog, Sherlock thought—and the guards mostly ignored him; the maids always seemed torn between subservience and sniggering, and Mrs. Turner treated him as she might a spoilt child. “What do you want, Brother Bathsheba?” she said impatiently, hands on hips.
“It’s a car going out, Turk. We don’t have to get too excited about that.” He leaned out the window and called down, “Hey! Rustam! Are you going shopping? Buy some new underpants, man, yours are disgusting.”
He had to admit, the island
all the time.” Mrs. Donaldson’s disdainful sniff let them know exactly what she thought of that. “No wonder the daughter turned out how she did.”
Sherlock leaned over, got the helix of the man’s ear between his teeth, and bit. Mostly he wanted to be sure the guard wasn’t shamming, though revenge for his smarting nose might have been a factor as well. The man didn’t move so Sherlock got to his feet, nerves humming with adrenaline. So much for the easy part.
Roz texted from the airport, so Sherlock was waiting out in front of the hotel when she pulled up wearing her usual bright smile and a pair of sunglasses.
“Quite well. The government leaders have been placed under house arrest, and the opposition has dissolved parliament and called for new elections. People are starting to come out of their homes and there are signs that there will shortly be celebrating in the streets. The remainder of the military brass has apparently seen the writing on the wall and publicly declared their support for the will of the people. Not a shot has been fired.”
Can you hear me?”
There was the sound of footsteps, heading away, and John knew he had to move. Hs mind was still reeling with the implications of what he had heard, but it sounded as though the soldiers would be striking camp any minute, and he did not know how long he had until the fog lifted. If he backtracked through the woods the way he had originally intended to go, he could get to Sherrinford Hall long before the soldiers. As quietly as he could, he backed up through the towering rocks and slipped silently through the misty woods back to the path and down to Hermes.
“Hey—“John said and Mycroft paused, looking back. “Thanks. For everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock and Molly joined the queue heading down to the crypt, Sherlock covertly gripping Molly’s arm. At the bottom of the stairs, as the other omegas moved, sheeplike, toward the tables where biscuits and tea had already been set out, Sherlock gave Molly’s arm a tug and tipped his head the opposite direction. “Sorry,” Molly gabbled to the ancilla behind her, “need the loo,” though the woman was too distracted to notice.
“So that makes it okay he’s a tax cheat?”
“John. Have you got him? Is he all right?”
“Oh, you’ll work it out. You’re a brilliant detective, after all.”
“Have you tried talking to him about it?”
“I’ll send a car,” Mycroft said and disconnected.
“On my way over in a cab, of course.”
“Mmm. It’s the mist. It makes everything feel like a dream, or one of those scenes in a movie where someone is hallucinating.”
When John had gone, Sherlock went straight to the bathroom and stood in the shower for a long time. He did not think about the new places John’s fingers had touched, or about the way everything taut inside him had gone liquid under John’s kiss. He did not think about John at all, or Mary, or the baby. He made himself think of nothing but the mechanics of washing until his mind too was scrubbed clean and blank, and then he turned off the water.
“Harder. Hard as you can.” Extremes of sensation, Sherlock thought vaguely as he got his hands up over his head and braced them against the upholstered headboard. “Harder!”
“When I saw you at Baskerville—what was that, six years ago? My project was about to get shut down. I’d had an offer from an investor to set me up in a private lab, and I was thinking of taking it. But then when we talked, and I realized the potential for this…I banged out a grant proposal in record time, took it to CERN, and here I am.” She spread the hand not holding her wineglass. “Now that I’ve gotten farther I’ve realized you were right about the temporal displacement causing a logarithmic entropy increase. Pursuing that line of work would have been not just dangerous, but immoral.” She stopped, a faint blush coloring the sharp lines of her cheeks.
“No, not at all…they’re a bit old-fashioned; my mother was furious when my sister left.”
“No, even better—look.” John held up a glass bottle, labeled in fancy script. Sherlock frowned at it.
“Lord Sherlock said that Mr. Anderson could not have taken the purse, as he was not in the house during the time in question, though he would not say how he knew nor would Mr. Anderson say where he was. Lord Sherlock then said that as it was impossible for him to have been in the place where he was accused, then suspicion must naturally fall on the accuser.” She paused for effect and announced with a flourish, “Sebastian Wilkes.”
“Yes please,” Sherlock said, breathless, “something from –from the music store in Times Square.”
“Or Mycroft,” Sherlock said.
?” Dr. Woodcourt repeated in surprise. “Are there no other jobs that need doing at Bart’s that they must put someone with weak lungs in the laundry?”
But when Collins finally spoke, it wasn’t to ask the usual questions. Instead he said, “Is that what it was like before? When you were, you know. When you were in before. Helping people?”
"Don't want you to," John said, now fumbling with his shirt buttons in what Sherlock could see was going to be a hopeless attempt. "Werner...after a few, well, a lot, he started asking, you know how they do, how do we decide, doesn't it hurt, and I was telling him..." Sherlock felt his eyebrows go up. "Not about yours
Commander,” Sherlock said through his teeth. “And I did ask. He said I was free to go walking whenever Mrs. Turner was at leisure to accompany me, which is never. Mrs. Turner doesn’t believe in either leisure or in doing anything which might make me happy.”
“Well, I haven’t really spent a lot of time thinking about retirement, to tell you the truth. I mean, it’s not like I work all that much as it is.” John pulled a rueful face. “Speaking of which…”
“No—I mean—“ Sherlock felt panic rise in his chest. The other boys at school treated homosexuality as a joke, a target for scorn and derision; Sherlock had never heard anyone speak of it so casually. It must be a trap. If Rowan found out, if he knew about Sherlock’s most hidden desires, he’d never want to see him again. “I’m not like that.”
John knew what he was trying to say, and he knew in his heart that it was Sherlock’s decision to make. Sherlock might always be John’s to cherish and protect, but only because he chose to put himself in John’s hands. John looked into his hopeful face, his pure blue eyes, and really there was no choice at all. “Yes,” he whispered.
“Maybe he’s taking him to lunch! I know you and Sherlock used to be close, Mycroft, but there’s no need to be—“
John sincerely hoped that everything Sherlock valued was at the house in London.
“No.” The prince was surprised to feel the heat rise in his cheeks. His brother had taken him when he was made a man, but all her skills had been ineffectual at rousing the prince’s interest. He did not know what had possessed him to admit this now, even obliquely, and he was glad the darkness hid the burning of his face.
“Sherlock!” Sebastian hailed him, a bit too eagerly. Drunk and unsuccessful then. “Come out with us! We’re having no luck at all tonight, you can help!”
“Of course you’ll bloody well do it in the morning,” Minchin snapped. “Just take the bed off the frame and sleep on the floor for tonight. The rest of you, back where you belong. I don’t want to hear another sound out of this room tonight or it’s a half dozen for each of you, do you hear?”
John won--he usually did--and by the time they reached the pond he was drenched in sweat and panting. He tied out the horses and then said impulsively, “Let’s go for a swim.”
“I almost hate to admit this, but…it’s actually a relief. I’d been trying to convince myself that Sylvie was right for me but…” John sighed. “I should have known when I realized that I’d rather stay in Dartmoor with you than come back to see her.”
“There’s no effect. It’s a straightforward thermodynamic—“
If Sherlock’s current wretched existence had any upside, it was that it had taught him the value of patience. Where once he would have rushed into action now he was still: watching, listening, thinking constantly. He could see the pieces on the board but had no power to move them. Sherlock had always worked alone but now, of necessity, he needed help.
“Just think how many people are sleeping easily tonight for the first time in ages,” Kitty said, toasting them all with her glass.
“Is Lestrade there?”
He had to bang a good few minutes before the door was yanked open, but it was worth it: the old man scowling in the doorway was undoubtedly Peter Ricoletti.
“Oh.” Lestrade looked discomfited. “That’s down to me, I’m afraid. I don’t have a lot of experience and it seems I cracked some of your ribs. Sorry about that.”
Sherlock never did go to Stanford. He finished out his fellowship, but only because it didn’t occur to him to try to attract paying clients until after Lestrade sent him a rich old man who was convinced his kids were trying to kill him. Lestrade sent him because there was no evidence of any crime to investigate—yet—but the rich old man was driving him barmy, and he rather thought the old snob would approve of Sherlock, who wore his poshness like a thousand-pound suit. Sherlock soon worked out that the man’s children were actually just trying to plan a surprise African safari for their father’s seventieth birthday. The rich old man was delighted by this turn of events. “How much do I owe you?” he asked Sherlock.
“And the rest you know. Or you can work it out. I never touched another person after that, and no one ever touched me. Not until the day you kissed me.”
In the great city of London lived a consulting detective, the only one in the world. He was larger than life. He was a legend. He could go days without food or sleep; he had no need of companionship—all emotions, and love particularly, were abhorrent to that cold, precise, but admirably balanced mind. He solved the unsolvable, saw through everyone and everything, knew all your secrets. His name was Sherlock Holmes. He was a legend. He was a lie.
“Hmm,” Sherlock said, considering. “There was a man who thought his wife was having an affair—well, there a great many, actually, and most of them were right, but as it turned out…”
Sherlock had sniffed and looked out the window. “I’ve done all the fun ones and now I’m down to virgin martyrs.
but he’s got to back that up, hasn’t he, can’t just say ‘hi!’, he’s got to prove it—“
, and then the door to the staircase opened and Sally Donovan stepped neatly forward and punched Willfen right in the face. He dropped like a stone.
“Of losing myself again,” Sherlock said, clipped. “Of going mad as I did before.”
“I took a leave.”
“Buggery?” suggested Davy, barely able to get the word out.
Hobbes hesitated, flushing a little, and then pulled a thick book from her satchel:
Sherlock frowned at him for a long minute. The girl leaned over the counter and said “
“'The Falls of the Reichenbach', a Turner masterpiece gone missing from an English auction house.”
Sherlock clenched his teeth. He had already endured being measured, considered, and offered an endless array of options for morning wear, riding wear, strolling wear, and whatever that last had been, all in snowy white. A whole rigamarole had grown up around the fiction of the honeymoon heat, in which Sherlock and Commander Pitts would be expected to spend the preceding week together, engaging in romantic activities and ostensibly…Sherlock couldn’t even think the words “falling in love” with a straight face.  The real reason, of course, was to serve as cover for the seven-day course of hormones Sherlock would be taking, the cessation of which would bring on the heat. As the cherry on the sundae, he would be attired in ridiculous virginal white the entire time.
“Really? Are you going to take up a second career when you retire?”
“Have you ever…”
“Why not?’ Lestrade asked. He seemed as though he genuinely wanted to know.
“Of course,” Sherlock said immediately. He was twisting his handkerchief in his fingers and John thought he probably wanted to put a comforting hand on John’s shoulder, but was unsure how it would be received. “I should have told--”
John took the letters into their comfortable sitting room and placed them on the little table to be posted, then stuck his head through the door to say to Sherlock: “First thing tomorrow let’s go for a proper long—“
“Oh thank God,” John said in relief. Sherlock frowned at him and suddenly they were both giggling, John a little harder than the situation really merited and Sherlock’s deep chuckle sounding rusty and unused. When he could get his breath John managed, “Please tell me they aren’t asking you to, you know, interact with actual children.”
“Okay, I won’t keep you,” Michael said. “Back to work, little rabbit.”
The talented Khorazir made beautiful art!
It made no sense. John could not imagine Sherlock letting anyone hurt him, yet he was clearly not angry or upset. Had someone convinced Sherlock that being hurt was something he should expect during sex? If so, John was going to hunt them down, castrate them, and possibly kill them. Right after he killed Moran, of course. He had absolutely no idea how even to begin to approach this topic with Sherlock.
“Sorry?”
He turned back to Sebastian, opening his mouth to take his leave, but jolted to a halt when he felt Sebastian’s large hand close on his thigh under the table. As before the touch was just the slightest bit too hard, not a caress but a promise. Or a threat.
“Thanks, I’ll wait here,” John said. The kitchen was a little mad in the mornings. He had just time to eat half his sandwich when Mrs. Hudson bustled out carrying a takeaway box and a paper bag.
Sherlock laid his head against John’s leg when he had done and John stroked his hair, getting his breath back and murmuring nonsense like “Beautiful, sweetheart, you’re brilliant,” before he took Sherlock by the biceps and hauled him to his feet.  “On the bed like you were before,” he ordered, and then he replaced the blindfold, slicked his hand, and knelt behind Sherlock, tugging his back against John’s chest. It was a little awkward with Sherlock’s bound arms in the way, but John was able to reach around to take hold and stroke him, and Sherlock’s head immediately fell back against John’s shoulder and he groaned as he pushed up into John’s hand. John had slicked the fingers of his other hand too, but kept them out of the way until he could tell Sherlock was getting close, when he slid them down the cleft of Sherlock’s arse and right into his tight hole whilst he hissed into his ear, “Next time I’m going to tie you down and fuck you so hard…” The angle made it impossible to hit Sherlock’s prostate, but apparently that was unnecessary because Sherlock jerked in John’s arms and came like a freight train, spattering his own chest as he arched his back and shouted.
“Expecting someone?’
“You’re implying that someone in my inner circle might have sold you out for personal gain,” Mycroft said, an infinity of raised eyebrow in his tone.
John waited until he retired that night to open his parcel, less out of a desire for privacy than anticipation. Inside he found a heavy woolen comforter, a jumper, and what seemed to be an extremely thick pair of socks. He turned them over, puzzling. These would never fit in his boots; what was he to do with them? They seemed lovely and warm though--they were lined with a velvety soft flannel--so John put them on while he opened the letter. They
Sherlock’s stomach had flipped again at the word
“Please,” Sherlock said, almost salivating at the thought of books he wasn’t supposed to read.
Everything okay? You seemed a little down.
“I said change it.” Moriarty’s voice was soft but it cracked like a whip. Sherlock saw the Mother Superior flinch.
“Oh goodness, isn’t that so sweet!” She considered, biting her lip. “He usually brings the pieces round himself, so I’m not sure I have the—wait, yes I do, we had to send round something for him to sign a month or so back.”
The forensics team was busy with that already, but as the hours went by nothing turned up. They found the white van, of course, and the jars and preservatives, but nothing that indicated Wayne Ellis had ever deviated from his usual routine. Sherlock, who was of course not allowed to actually touch anything the techs had not finished with, prowled the house getting increasingly agitated until he finally flung himself out into the back garden in a complete strop.
“Sure.”
Sherlock, who had spent half his life lying about his drug use, flushed with the outrage of one accused of lying when he is for once telling the truth. “Take a look.” He pulled off his jacket and unbuttoned his right cuff quickly, no longer caring if his fingers shook--too much coffee, that was all. He remembered, too late, that he’d scratched the skin raw on that arm but it didn’t matter. “One stick, there you see, a bit bruised because she couldn’t find the vein but what’s one more bruise at this point?” He’d thought John might flinch at that but he didn’t, and that made Sherlock truly angry. He fumbled at his other cuff but the sleeve wouldn’t stay up and in a sudden fury he reached for the buttons of his shirt, unfastening them with the icy precision that came only when he was white-hot with rage. He dropped the shirt to the floor and stuck out both arms. “Happy? Even you should be able to tell those are old. Wrists? Hands? Can you see my neck well enough, do you think I’d be that bold? Here.” He toed his shoes off, stripped off his socks, unfastened his trousers. If John had ordered him to strip he’d be dying of shame, but doing it himself--making John watch--this was power, and he did not feel shamed and small but towering in his fury. “Can you see between my toes? Need a brighter light?” Sherlock kicked his trousers off and stood there in his pants, chin up and arms flung wide, every usable vein in his body exposed.
“Of course I do.”
“Oh.” She dropped her head and fell into step beside him. “Well, that won’t take too long, will it? You’ll be able to come to the park later?”
They kissed and kissed and kissed. Their hands stayed clasped together between them, clutching tight enough to bruise, John’s other hand gripping the back of Sherlock’s head possessively. Occasionally Sherlock broke off to gasp, his head falling back a little in John’s palm, and always John brought him back, drawing him in with his fingers tight against the curve of his skull, and Sherlock surrendered his mouth to John with almost desperate fervor. They kissed and kissed, and John thought he could never stop, that he would never be willing to let Sherlock go.
“When he went to rehab.”  Mycroft pushed the brochure back into place.
“We haven’t seen him since, have we?” Henry said. Heads shook. “I’ve rung him, but he’s never free. We thought maybe Sherlock was keeping him busy.”
it would make everything infinitely more unbearable to have everyone know about it.
Sherlock tuned her out, knowing the reading group must have been oversubscribed; it had been by far the most popular offering. When the woman finally finished the ancillae surged forward to see the new lists; Sherlock and Henry hung back, being taller than most of the others and able to see the wall over their heads.
“Of course not. I was meant to die as a child and someone else died in my place. I’d been attempting to rectify that by my own death ever since and have now decided to stop.”
John arranged Sherlock on his back in the centre of the bed. He tugged Sherlock’s arms out of his dressing gown sleeves and tied the sleeves over his chest, tucking the ends down at his sides, and then pulled Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms half way down his thighs and covered his lower legs with the duvet. Good enough, he decided: there would be no actual tying up on John’s ship, not without a great deal more discussion beforehand.  “There. You’re tied to the plank.”
Sherlock looked pleased. “She probably still thinks that.”
John was fully awake at once. His hands clenched involuntarily and he carefully placed the empty mug down, forcing his hands to loosen. Sherlock’s slow footsteps came up the stairs. He did not pause at the living room door but went straight through to the kitchen, apparently heading for his bedroom.
“The part where you die. You’ve got the competition out of the way for me and I’ve had the fun of pulling the scales from your eyes, so I don’t need you anymore, see?”
John turned around and Sherlock placed a gold piece in his hand. John schooled himself not to react, but he’d spent enough time mucking around in the black market to know the value of the coin. Judging by the look on the unfortunate lieutenant’s face, he did as well.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, slightly taken aback but pleased nonetheless.
John set down his glass. “So. What’s your story then?”
, and John had pinned him down. He quickly pushed up.
dizzy. Wouldn’t want you to fall, would we?”
Mary was in a posh boutique goggling at the handmade lace on the christening gowns when a small boy in a ridiculous smocked romper that probably cost more than she made in a week asked Sherlock, “What’s wrong with your face?”
John saw his broken, unrecognizably polite best friend into a cab and then returned to the kitchen, where he just leaned his hands on the table, staring into space. He heard Mary’s soft footsteps in the hall, but didn’t turn around. He was suddenly terrified his wife would say the wrong thing. God knew there was no right thing, but he was so on edge just now, the evidence of all Sherlock had sacrificed for them so raw and evident…he didn’t know how he would react.
and he laughed before he could stop himself, a laugh which stopped abruptly when John grabbed him by the front of the jacket again and slammed him into the wall.
“Not as yet. I will report back when I have all the information.”
John backed off--not very far--and watched as Sherlock drew himself up to his full height, doing his best to look imposing. He caught the rope tossed up to him and looped it through the iron ring at the side of the hatch. “Mr. Greaves,” he said coolly.
Watson blinked but he met Sherlock’s eyes again, looking wary. “What kind of help?’
“Yeah. I’m right here. Do you want me to see if I can find anything for a light?”
Now Sholto’s eyes narrowed. “And why is that?”
“You’re going to forget all about that in a few days,” Mycroft said, clearly not believing a word of it.
“You can tell me again.”
“A Chelsea frown then. Suits you even better.”
“Already done,” Sherlock said without opening his eyes.
“I should have thought to bring pants,” Sherlock muttered behind him. “No, actually, I should have thought to bring
“I’ll get that, you get the rolling one—no, not that one, the lighter one.”
“Well,” John said as they both flopped into their respective chairs. “That was a solid day’s work. Glad we’ve nothing on tomorrow.”
“Will you be all right?”
this was Moriarty’s doing.”
“She drew pictures. Pictures where I’m dying, where I’m cut off from the rest of the family. She put them over my bed so I saw them when I woke.” Pictures in which Mycroft had been exaggeratedly, ridiculously fat, but that seemed impolite to mention.
The shepherd laughed. “So say many husbands, I am told. Courtesans, then.”
“I told you,” Sherlock said. “Make for the station. I’ve my own clothes in the saddlebag, and some for you, so we’d look like a respectable pair going to London. I was going to pay someone at the post office to take the horses back.”
“Shhhh,” Sherlock hissed, dragging her back into the bedroom. He listened anxiously for a moment, but then the cook’s snores started up again, and he breathed out in relief and pulled the door shut behind him.
“Blue eyes,” the man who was standing said. “It must be him.”
“Yeah, all right,” Hobbes said, brightening, and she clattered off after Mrs. Hudson humming happily.
“Not about dying in childbirth or anything like that. They wouldn’t let me, would they? But I can’t say I’m looking forward to it. I’m not much of a one for pain.”
“Yeah, Valentine’s Day. You know how important this is, right? Have you got roses? And chocolates? And you have to get some racy, er, pants and---“
“No broth. I don’t like the broth.”
“It’s going to take rather longer than I originally thought,” Mycroft admitted finally. “We’ve been very successful with the first two operations, and that’s uncovered quite a lot of information about the international network that we didn’t know. And of course the situation here requires extremely careful handling. There are quite a few of Moriarty’s employees still active and presumably working together, or the gunmen we picked up wouldn’t have been assassinated.”
If Speedy’s had thinned out, Lucy’s Tea Room had filled up. Families visiting from out of town, John assumed, as he made his way to where Sherlock was looking trapped and edgy in his corner table. “Hey,” he said by way of greeting. “Did you see the sign on the door? They’re going to be closed between Christmas and New Year’s.”
“Oh, God, I’ve planned nothing,” Mary said, sounding harassed. “What with the holidays and all…I supposed I hoped it would just sort itself once the baby arrived.”
They traced the route up through Scotland and into an unmarked stretch of tablecloth. Yeboah pulled his atlas over. “You’re going to want to take this road, here, that you don’t have on your map. I’ve a pencil you can use to mark it.”
John realized suddenly that the Woman’s intermittent moaning had stopped and she lay still on the bed. His heart stopped. Slowly, he leaned forward and lifted her hand; it was cool, and for a second John felt a rush of utter failure and despair before her fingers twitched and he felt hurriedly for a pulse. It beat rapid and faint under his fingers. She was not dead. Her fever had broken.
“Yep,” John said. “Oh, Lestrade texted me earlier. He’s going to bring dinner round for us in about an hour. He seems to think we can’t fend for ourselves.”
James Allen grinned at him. “Come on then, and I’ll show you.”
Mary took that in, felt the unyielding truth of it. “I suppose so. She killed herself. I killed him. I made it look like an accident, of course. And then I left. I don’t know what became of my—of Anna’s mother. She might be dead by now. I don’t know.”
The process was messy and fumbling—partly because his hands were shaking so badly—but Sherlock managed and eventually had the heroin drawn up into his syringe. Just a tiny bit, just enough to calm his nerves enough to get home and work out what to do. He knew now he could never go through with this thing with dearjim1916, but he had no idea what he was going to do instead.
John had thought he would need to reassure Sherlock, and was left feeling extraneous and slightly resentful. “Don’t get caught out of bed,” he said shortly, and, when Sherlock did not even bother to answer him, took himself rather sulkily off to school.
, which was turned into quite a number of film adaptations, people mostly weren’t interested in dramatizing Doyle’s actual stories. It’s easy enough to see why; the short stories are often so compressed that it’s hard to see how you’d get a full-length film or even an hour-long episode out of them, the plotting is often sort of shoddy, and the preoccupations of late Victorians didn’t necessarily match up with those of twentieth-century viewers.
Let me introduce those of you yet unfamiliar with it to a vital but neglected word. Here’s the definition given in Merriam-Webster Online:
, but even without that, it would be a pretty simple deduction. Holmes appears in this episode for maybe three minutes, including voiceovers. At the beginning of the episode, he invents a mysterious case that requires him to disappear to the Scottish highlands. He tells Watson not to worry, he’ll be watching him “with my third eye.” Holmes doesn’t appear at all until the very end of the episode, and even then he’s a ghost in Mycroft’s mind. It is as if Holmes has died and is watching over the efforts of his proteges like the ghost of Obi-Wan Kenobi. Mycroft and Watson do all the detecting–each is working on his own case, until they discover that they’re actually two parts of the same case–and I have to say, it wouldn’t necessarily have to have been a terrible idea to have one episode where Sidekicks Are Doing It For Themselves and the lead gets the week off.
And pressure on the heart
Holmes/Watson episode, but Bowen seems to like to give Watson some extras; in this adaptation, he and Holmes figure it out about the “cow” horseshoes just about simultaneously, and Watson is given the job of shadowing Wilder and the boy while Holmes bikes over to Holdernesse Hall to confront the Duke one last time. He also has Watson reconstruct Heidegger’s movements, at Holmes’s direction, for Dr. Huxtable’s benefit. Not sure how I feel about that device; it feels a little Agatha Christie to me. But I do like the joke about Heidegger “fortifying himself for the task ahead,” which you think will be kidnapping but turns out to be grading.
However, I find his exposition of Moran’s motive, which Hawkesworth has generously transferred from Holmes to Watson, quite charming–in part because Holmes is so genuinely pleased and (I believe) kind of turned on by Watson’s deductive stylings. So although I still grieve for the Brett/Burke Reunion That Wasn’t, I am on board with the Brett/Hardwicke team for further adventures. Just please, for the love of God, keep the combat scenes to a minimum.
but stealing world-famous public monuments is also a cliche supervillain thing to do. Moriarty stealing the Mona Lisa is basically the art theft equivalent of Gru stealing the moon.
The premise of this episode–that Holmes has pushed himself to the point of physical collapse, and Watson has hauled him out to Cornwall to nurse him back to health–tragically coincides with some of the things happening in Brett’s life at around this time. I’m sure that history is well known to anyone who’s reading these reviews, so I won’t rehearse it here. It’s sad watching this and thinking about the fact that at this point, Brett didn’t even have ten years left to live. But that’s part of the story, as this episode tells it: we’re all dying, and sometimes the best thing we can do is embrace that knowledge instead of running from it.
I mean that is the look of love right there. The look that says, I’m sorry my darling, I didn’t mean to take you for granted, let me see if I can make it up to you by making tender love to you. And yes, he is giving that look to a hat. And that right there is the distilled essence and quintessential magic of Sherlock Motherfucking Holmes.
John felt his heartbeat pick up at the same time the rest of him settled into stillness. Battle ready. Sherlock was not looking at him; he was gazing steadily into the fire. John breathed quietly, making himself settle, calm his racing heart. Waiting to listen. To everything Sherlock would say, and everything that he wouldn’t, and after a long time Sherlock took a breath and spoke.
come to thank you. You got me back from Eastern Europe—probably unintentionally, granted, but I’m grateful all the same—and you saved us from the atrocity of Tyler Austin playing Scythius. If there were any justice in the world that would be counted against your crimes, but it probably won’t.”
of a helicopter.
Sherlock limped out into the hospital room, scowling. “She says if I do it again she’ll label me as having a borderline personality disorder.”
John did not respond for thirty-seven minutes, which meant he had turned off his phone in the conference for fear of Sherlock texting incessantly, which was ridiculous as Sherlock would not do such a clingy thing.
In the soaring sanctuary, during the service, Sherlock looked for Lady Smallwood. He could just glimpse her near the front, pale upswept hair under a navy hat almost severe in its plainness. “O God, make speed to save us,” the vicar intoned, and Sherlock dropped his head again to shield his face as his deep voice lifted with the others: “O Lord, make haste to help us.”
“I rather thought so,” Mycroft said, looking smug.
McGinty changed tack smoothly. “What about the company she had that night? Did you see anyone, or did she have a boyfriend?”
Julie couldn’t help smiling. It almost gave you hope for humanity, that these people could all put the interests of the kid above their own. Just as she was thinking this optimistic thought, a knock came at her door and Eva stuck her head in. “Julie, sorry, I know you were trying to grab lunch, but there’s an asshole on the phone who says he’s out front with a bomb and he’s going to come inside in five minutes and blow us all up.”
“Yes, me too…actually it’s John I’m calling about.”
illegal. Traded a few for favors here and there as well, of course.”
Molly’s Christmas cake was a great success, and topped off Mrs. Hudson's festive buffet nicely. Lestrade brought drinks. By the time these had gone around a few times Sherlock was sprawled over the sofa with his head in John’s lap, apparently fast asleep. This at least spared them his acid commentary when Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson began singing a Christmas carol they insisted was “God Rest Ye Drunk Detectives,” although they never seemed able to get past the first line without falling over laughing.
“Give me thirty minutes, “ Owen said and hung up.
“Know what?”
. They were open, John was reaching in, John was touching him, stroking his fingers down Sherlock’s throbbing length and Sherlock’s vision washed rainbow sparkles as he panted helplessly. John kissed him possessively and stroked him and then let go to push his trousers down his thighs. Sherlock tried, clumsily, to help, but he only succeeded in nearly toppling them both until his pants and trousers were puddled around his ankles and he could kick free.
“That was before you started going to the gym,” Sherlock said and John reached behind them to smack Sherlock’s bottom. Then he pulled Sherlock’s thigh and Sherlock obligingly slid his leg over John’s, winding himself as tightly around him as possible, and went to sleep with his face buried in John’s sweaty hair. His last thought was that he had never thought he could have such perfect happiness.
having dinner. You’ve had two pieces of sushi and a glass of wine.”
That got John’s attention. “Really? That sounds a bit worrisome, doesn’t it?”
“It doesn’t matter now,” John said gently. “I knew you would have written if you could.”
John found the file and hit Play. The clear treble voices of the children’s choir filled the car. The song was stark but beautiful, reminding John of the bleak Yorkshire winter with its cold short days.
“Do what?”
Mike looked up in surprise, his startled expression quickly changing to tentative hope. Molly glanced at him and John saw the struggle on her face: asked to give up the exclusive teaching and attention, possibly being upstaged or forgotten…
John put out a hand to steady him and said, “Sherlock.” He face was…not good:
A boy about John’s age with a friendly, broken-toothed smile wearing a dull blue shirt and brown trousers appeared and led them through another maze of stairs and corridors. “You’ll soon learn your way round,” he told them. “It looks big but it’s not bad really. All right, this is where we bathe, matron wants you scrubbed up and then she’ll check you over.”
Watson had kept his eyes on the road during Sherlock’s speech but Sherlock could still see the skin around his eyes crinkle in amusement. So: he was wrong about something. Good. Maybe Watson wouldn’t be able to resist the urge to correct him. What Sherlock really wanted to know was whether Captain Watson was actually there as part of some underground resistance, but he didn’t dare ask. Not yet.
“Oh, stop being dramatic,” Sherlock said. “They’re fine, John. The men were legally charged and denied bail, but under assigned names and the proceedings are sealed under court order. As soon as this is business is done they’ll be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.”
“Jake Cooper,” Sherlock said. “He phoned you to arrange his father’s murder. Did his mother even know? He must have paid out of his own trust fund; that’s why we never found a record of any withdrawals from his mother’s accounts. I assume you’d been his dealer.”
him. Mrs. Hudson flushed angrily. “Sherlock Holmes! You know I regret being mixed up in all that, you know it very well.”
John had heard about the memorial; Harry had made a donation in his name last Christmas. “So you’re hoping to write the new piece? That’s brilliant!”
“And what happened after the fire?” Ella asked.
“She can’t be a day older than I am!” John said.
John was studying Sherlock’s face, trying to commit the details to memory--the sharp line of his cheekbones, the soft curve of his lower lip--when the clock struck two. Sherlock stirred at the sound, his fingers tightening briefly in John’s. John felt a moment of sick, swooping terror, but Sherlock’s lashes fluttered.
“You just wait,” Sebastian shouted, his face contorted with anger and a terrible vicious glee. Sherlock flung the rock and Sebastian dug in his heels, shouting incomprehensibly, and galloped off.
What was he on about? Perhaps Sherlock’s concussion was worse than he realized. “You didn’t talk to John, did you?” he asked anxiously.
“I goes around quick and quiet as a mouse so nobody sees me. I pick up things and I clean what needs cleaning. I do the washing.”
“Go to a place you were happy,” Ella suggested gently, and Sherlock was in the library. He touched the great shelves of books and spun the huge globe on its stand in the window. He pulled out the shallow drawers holding the carefully preserved insect collection, a relic of some long-dead ancestor who’d fancied himself a natural historian. He lay on his tummy on the rug with a book. He smelled the unique dusty-book smell, felt the roughness of the wool, and was happy.
“It had a fairly small probability of success,” Sherlock admitted. “The greater likelihood was that he would send me someplace with better security, or possibly have me sectioned. In the end Mycroft agreed to let me go to Hong Kong with him for a sort of gap term and start at university if I stayed out of trouble.”
Mycroft nodded. He sat back in his chair a little. “When we learned that you and Sherlock had left Sherrinford together, I immediately sent men north in case you decided to return to your home. When they reported that the village was too small for them to remain without attracting attention, I had a charitable foundation establish a dame school in the area and installed a young lady, Miss Clara Hunter, to be the teacher and to keep an eye on your family. I am very sorry to tell you, John, but your mother died last fall. Miss Hunter assures me she had all available care and was in no discomfort.”
John had a minor panic attack the next morning when he awoke to find Sherlock nowhere in sight, but it turned out he was just down in the business center, monopolizing the computers and terrorizing the hotel staff.  It seemed that Andrea Chisolm was not the only victim who had been suspicious, nor the only one without cause. This put Sherlock onto a trail of breadcrumbs that led, as he had always predicted, straight back to Planet Baby. Two days after visiting the house where Andrea had died they were all gathered in the conference room at the FBI building, staring at the picture of Wayne Ellis that Sherlock had just dramatically tacked to the wall with a black pushpin.
“You all right?”
“Oh! No! Heavens. My dear Mr. Seven, please believe me, if there was a man in London with a more….ah…chaste reputation than the Earl, there was certainly none that deserved it more. Except perhaps your brother. No, the client was the late Mr. Bennett. Lovely man, such a pity; he liked to call me ‘Nanny’.” Irene rolled her eyes, then apparently realized she was speaking of the dead and composed her face into a more solemn expression, though her eyes danced. “Most unfortunately I was still entirely naked so when I heard footsteps approaching I had no opportunity to snatch anything incriminating. As it was I barely had time to slam the picture closed and make a dive for my clothing, acting as though I thought he had gone and I was dressing to take my leave.”
“Yes. Well, some places seem to specialize in pies. I don’t really like pie, although I had a chocolate one that was quite good. I have eaten quite a lot of pancakes, though.”
“Can you persuade him?”
doing here?”
be a considerable asset but that’s beside the point at the moment.”
“No, not at all. Well, they’ve all been on Wednesdays, but other than that, it’s quite irregular. I worked it out with my calendar last night—“
“Lucky indeed,” Sherlock said, and then paused. He seemed to have just put something together, although John couldn’t imagine what it might be.
“No, I’ve independent study in the afternoons,” Hobbes said. She placed the new bouquet of flowers gently on the kitchen table and set down her bag. “Said I needed a book they didn’t have at the library.”
“I think he’d like to be,” Miles said, still grinning. “He’s checking out your arse right now.”
“God. Well, keep it up, by all means.”
Sherlock waited, trying to look bored, until Mrs. Hudson returned looking relieved. “He says the Commander isn’t to be fetched home until six, so there should be just enough time to run you over this afternoon. He’s bringing the car round to the front now.”
Sally stared a moment, then shook her head, clearly frustrated.
John considered. It would take at least 30 minutes to reach the Yard from here; the coffee would be stone cold. On the other hand, Café Milano made very good coffee, and a peace offering might be in order. He climbed back into his cab and began texting Lestrade.
“The dry weather’s broken the back of the dysentery, looks like,” John agreed. “I’m glad things are slowing down. although it means Dr. Woodcourt will have time to pay attention to my ward soon, which doesn’t bode well for the Musketeers.”
“Oh. Well…I can help with the washing up, anyway.”
“I didn’t, but I’m sure I could think of something,” John said, smiling. He closed the distance between them and tugged Sherlock’s head to his, feeling his heart pick up as their lips met—every week, it felt like their first kiss all over again. They kissed, pulled apart for breath, kissed again; tongues sliding over each other and breath mingling, until John forgot all about having a kip.
“Opioid withdrawal is nasty but not life-threatening,” another doctor explained. “Benzodiazepines, on the other hand, can cause serious problems if discontinued abruptly at high doses, and that’s what we’ve been dealing with here: seizures, psychosis, hallucinations.”
Sherlock’s smile could have lit the square. “I don’t think I need any more data sources.”
but without any real rancor. Lord Sherlock might be headstrong and rude, but John was coming to see that he was also clever, determined and honest, and spoke to John as though he were an equal. He was surprised to realize that he was actually looking forward to sitting with Lord Sherlock and sharing a meal--maybe he would find out what he meant to do with all the dirt. Their drink finished, John brought the horses up to a nice patch of grass. He liked this place: there was a fine sunny slope overlooking the pond, a tiny trickling stream for water, and a large inviting willow if the sun grew too hot.
Sherlock set the light back to flash its regular warning whilst John stayed outside, looking out to sea with the binoculars. When Sherlock swung down again he said, “It’s gone back to just flashing. I wonder if it could see the next link in the chain as well.”
Of course Sherlock turned out to be an exceptional criminal. What surprised John was the backlog of cases Sherlock had ready, cases where he had identified the perpetrator to his own satisfaction but not that of the legal system. A woman had embezzled a large sum of money; Sherlock stole an even larger sum—from Sebastian Wilkes’ firm—and, when Sebastian hired him to solve the theft, framed her for it. He stole art that had been looted during the war and returned it. A certain high-profile celebrity whose emotional abuse had led to her partner’s suicide was caught in a drugs bust.
“We have to get
die of humiliation, could one? Certainly not.
Sherlock frowned at his map a moment, eyes flicking back and forth as he came to a decision. “East. It’s a bit risky, we’ll stand out more, but we’ll be able to cover more ground before the alarm is raised. I hope.”
“Oh, Jimmy is the brains behind the cheating ring,” Irene said. “He’s been quite the busy little bee lately. Didn’t I tell you? Apparently Papa set him up running one of his companies, but Junior discovered what he really liked was to use the legitimate business as a front whilst he got his fingers into all sorts of illegal--but far more profitable--pies. He doesn’t do anything illegal himself, of course. He just sits in the middle like a spider in a web. All kinds of threads running...some of them to the police, which is one of the ways he stays out of trouble.”
John turned. Sherlock was climbing out of the hatch, something clutched in his hand. He crossed the gangway in two long strides and leaped lightly down, brandishing a bottle. “Champagne!” he cried. “I have champagne! It’s fifty years old, too.”
“I didn’t kill Carl Powers,” Sherlock said in a rush. “I couldn’t have done, I was at Eton when he was murdered, there’s loads of witnesses. And I didn’t set James up. I just didn’t tell him my real name.”
Ah well, it’s only a theory and I can’t prove it. But the point is: mirror shots proliferate so much in this episode that at the end of the day I have to believe that at least some of this was just a directorial flourish that had less to do with the story being told than with Hammond’s personal style. And it’s not that I mind–it’s nice that he HAS a style–but it’s a salutary reminder that not every pattern is deeply meaningful. Sometimes, all a motif means is that the director thought it was pretty.
You know, after I finished this episode, I started kicking myself for not having seen it back in 1986. I was 17, I could really have used it then. Why, I lamented, did I let my adolescent fear of change prevent me from the years of enjoyment I could have derived from “The Second Stain”? But then I said, no, do not be so hard on Young Plaidder. She was more prescient than you imagine. Somehow she mysteriously knew, without knowing, that in 2017, you would DESPERATELY need the shot in the arm that these ‘new’ episodes of Granada Holmes would provide–and that this particular episode would come along right at the moment that Cranky Old Plaidder would be most exquisitely poised to appreciate the many, many intertextualities which add zest and deliciousness to this most scrumptious of palimpsests.
He was teasing; but I knew, also, that he was asking a serious question. As he was, for once, chasing entirely the wrong scent, he deserved a serious answer.
I leaned in closer.
I leaned back in my chair, withdrawing my hands and folding my arms.
When I think about what my adolescent role models for romance were, I always go back to
. In the canon story, all of Professor Presbury’s symptoms have been documented by Bennett before he consults Holmes. Everyone can agree on what’s happening; they just don’t know why. Chapman works hard to make the mystery more mysterious, and therefore more Ominous. First, there’s debate about whether anything is happening at all, with Bennett apparently willing to dismiss Edith’s account of the face at her window if it will help him avoid pissing off his boss. Bennett rubbed me the wrong way immediately, partly because of his very lukewarm defense of Edith, and partly because of some indefinable…
However it may be, I really enjoyed “Abbey Grange,” partly because of the interesting choices made by Trevor Bowen in the adaptation. In addition to following the Everything’s Better With More Watson rule most admirably, Bowen makes some changes regarding Holmes’s interactions with Lady Brackenstall. Bowen seems to have conceived of Lady Brackenstall (nee Mary Fraser) as the protagonist, and he spends a lot of time developing her and dramatizing her backstory. In the process, he generates some really interesting new material for Watson. And since I just had the experience of contrasting the Granada return with the
What’s the point of this? OK, Holmes and his nemesis are sharing a shot; but there are other ways to do that. Or this:
So this is Holmes finishing up Watson’s journey. Watson thinks he’s pulled Holmes back from the brink; but for Holmes, it’s as if Watson’s come back from the dead. Because after all, though the adaptation doesn’t emphasize this as much as the story does, this little stunt could have killed Watson just as easily as it could have killed Holmes. This is Holmes learning that from now on, death is something that comes for
This is the blindfolded orchestra playing while the King and Irene dance; and then there’s this:
I tell you, I got chills.
in general, but on “The Final Problem” in particular.
Bad news first: as far as the women go, there’s nothing of interest here. From that point of view, this story is just a collection of well-worn tropes, including the “it’s OK that women don’t have political power of their own because they can shape the world by influencing powerful men” trope. You watch Grace Dunbar pleading with Gibson to use his wealth and power for good, and all you can think is, “Sweetheart, that doesn’t work for Ivanka and it ain’t gonna work for you.”
and thanking him for what he’s done for them. He’s only just now understanding how much he’s always wanted that. And yet he is also understanding how dangerous it would be for him to get used to it.
) Plus, just purely on a petty note: the constant smoking in Granada Holmes can get irritating, but snuff is MUCH nastier. (In the US, we call it “dip,” or “chewing tobacco,” and my brother used to dip snuff, and we used to find all these half-full plastic bottles of brown…all right, moving on.)
The adaptation brings her back; and this brings is to the Captain Crocker part of the episode. Naturally, Bowen decides to stage some of their romance, in order to give us a proper appreciation of his excellent qualities. Naturally, also, they stage his battle with Sir Eustace, which…I mean did I not BEG you, Granada, to keep the fight scenes to a minimum? Was all that jumping up on the dining room table NECESSARY? I’m not as easily moved by heterosexual romance as I once was, but they do a fine job with that part of it. I was more taken by their dramatization of Holmes’s visit to the shipping company’s office, where what could have been some more boring-ass exposition is turned into kind of a charming little vignette in which Holmes copes with the useful but rather annoying fact that the shipping clerk guy is a huge Sherlock Holmes fanboy. Holmes is already worrying about what he’s going to do with the information he’s about to get (this is rather crudely telegraphed by Holmes toying with a chess set sitting out in the shipping office) and has no time for the clerk’s fanning or Watson’s appreciation of it. These little touches make a lot of difference to the feel of the final product.
“I quite agree, Holmes. The last one brought me nothing but misery.”
And no one’s truly whole
I’ve been thinking about you,
All right, well, so what does Granada do with this? Well, as I said, it gets weird.
. Holmes believes all of it, is extremely impressed by her bravery and candor, and only starts to question her account once he examines the crime scene afterward.
Below, I will discuss the good, the bad, and the gratuitously misogynistic. You have been warned.
All right. So the other thing I love about this episode is just how at home with each other Holmes and Watson are throughout. Lots of unspoken communication, lots of working as a team without talking about it, and a fair number of indications that this is turning into something more than an intimate friendship. When Roylott busts in and demands to know which one of them is Holmes, you can see Watson about to speak up and then Holmes interrupt him and draw Roylott’s fire; you can also see Watson literally jump out of his seat ready to fight once Roylott picks up the poker. Before waking Watson up, Holmes treats himself to a good long look at Watson in bed; the low-key battle over whether they’re going to make time for food or not has become so routinized that it makes them seem like they’ve already been married for 20 years; Holmes seems almost childishly pleased at the prospect of a weekend getaway for the two of them as he reminds Watson to bring his toothbrush; they have a cute little moment down on their hands and knees together as Watson tries to apply Holmes’s methods and both of them realize he’s accomplishing nothing; it’s just all so easy and so intimate and just exactly what you come to Granada Holmes for. The syringe is nowhere in sight. There’s a great moment when Holmes gets down to look at the floorboards with the magnifying glass and Helen looks over at Watson like, “What is the matter with him?” and Watson just gives her this little nod: it’s OK, don’t worry, this is normal. And of course there’s the famous train car scene, where they’re both so eager to get into each other’s space as they share information. It provides a much-needed countervibe to the creepiness of what’s going on with Helen and Roylott, as if their happiness is riding to the rescue of Helen’s misery. This is the way I always write it when I can: the drama is in the story, not in the relationship.
in the past.
And this brings me to the two things I appreciate most, on rewatch, about “A Scandal In Bohemia.” One is the work everyone’s done to build the foundation for Holmes and Watson’s relationship, which is just delicious; and the other is that this is really the only adaptation I’ve seen that does justice to the canon Irene Adler instead of essentially rewriting her with whatever the adapter thinks is a modern “strong woman” (Moffat, I’m lookin’ at you).
As written, this is a young, healthy, man in the prime of life and at the beginning of his career making an imaginative effort to empathize with a “poor, helpless worm” whose condition he sees as very different from his own. He sees himself as taking pity on a weaker, more vulnerable creature; and though he acknowledges that he
honor.
to be on her side, but unless she tells him the truth, he can’t be.
Holmes does actually say this in the canon story, but in a completely different context. It’s a nice little surprise for the insiders. There are a lot of surprises in “Shoscombe Old Place,” because about 75% of this episode is extrapolation. In most ways, the extrapolations improve the story, which I evidently found one of the least memorable. “Shoscombe Old Place” is the first of these episodes where the title actually recalled nothing to my mind. I had not even a vague memory of what happens in that story. So I looked it up, and started reading it, and a few paragraphs in I was like, “Oh, yeah, dead sister, OK, I remember.”
As for the rest of the episode, well, the only thing I feel moved to talk about is Bowen’s reading of the murders as a “crime of passion.” Holmes, as we know, likes to let murderers who kill out of love go. What Bowen seems to have misunderstood is that Crocker, Sterndale, et al. were murdering men who threatened the women they loved. Browder murders his wife. To have Holmes standing there wishing aloud that they were in France so that Browder would be off the hook is, IMHO, wrong–both in the sense of “bad” and in the sense of “out of character.” One of the reasons this case upsets Holmes so much is that it contradicts some of his assumptions about what “love” is and why men kill for it. It’s still a mystery to him how a man can say he loves a woman and also say that’s why he killed her.
Longer story behind the cut tag: I was very disappointed, and I will tell you why.
Would you come walk with me in the snow?
This comes right after Mrs. St. Clair hands a small coin to a child who’s standing outside a pub next to an adult wearing a placard reading “DESTITUTE.” The girl immediately runs into the pub, at which point the doors open and a flood of ragged, dirty children comes forth, all asking for money:
The entire adaptation is like that. Harris firmly grasped the two principles that really made Granada’s adaptations stand out: 1) all the changes you make should come out of canon and 2) everything’s better with more Watson. There’s another great moment, for instance, when Watson volunteers to look through Oldacre’s papers and see if they can learn something from the state of his financial affairs, and Holmes gratefully accepts the help. In the canon story, Holmes does this all himself. By giving this job to Watson, Harris isn’t just finding the poor man something to do; he’s letting Watson show Holmes that he doesn’t have to do it all himself, and giving Holmes a chance to appreciate that. He’s also setting up a moment of pure joy later on when Watson comes running out to tell him what he’s found. Watson’s so happy to have some good news for him, and Holmes is so happy to get it, and it’s just a wonderful moment for both of them. Watson gets to present that part of the case to Lestrade in the final wrap-up. It continues the apprenticeship story established in “Dancing Men;” but in this particular story, it also deepens the relationship. That’s good adapting. Are you listening to me, Derek Marlowe?
The adaptation treats this very differently. Holmes’s experiment is presented as a return to the self-destructive craving for stimulation that’s now clearly a threat to his life. There are numerous visual cues that prime the modern viewer (the 1988 viewer, anyway) to read this as an analogy for Holmes’s drug use, which is a metaphor for the same death drive. The white powder, the spoon, and the burner evoke other TV representations of people preparing heroin for injection. Unlike in canon, and as with the drug use, Watson protests loudly and calls this “insane.” And yet, as with the drug use, Watson can’t talk him out of it and winds up becoming a party to it, because he’s afraid that left to himself, Holmes is going to kill himself doing this.
was liberating the Holmes stories from all that bad old Victorian sexism. With all the advantages that time confers, Moffat was still never willing to give any of the female characters on
So, one of the things that I like about “Boscombe Valley” is that, now that all this is out in the open, Holmes and Watson do get a weekend getaway that they both actually enjoy. Fresh air notwithstanding, for once the hotel isn’t a run-down hole-in-the-wall that serves nasty food. It’s a nice place, they’re being treated very well, and you can see them both sort of relaxing and enjoying all the comforts. Watson even breaks out what must be his most flamboyant dinner jacket:
that anachronism is just part of the aesthetic. Granada’s mission was to be faithful to canon; and “The Final Problem” is just always going to test that faith. Hawkesworth evidently understood the dangers, because he dramatized both this one and “The Red Headed League” himself. Like most fans, he tries to fix it. Some of it works and some of it doesn’t. But one thing it does get right, consistently, is the note of DOOM sounded in the title. From the very beginning, this episode is about Holmes being hunted down by inexorable death; and although the production may go a teensy bit over the top with that, Brett makes Holmes’s journey from terror to acceptance very effective. And although, as I will discuss below, this episode does identify some of David Burke’s limitations as an actor, ultimately I have to say that we do feel Watson’s grief; and I’m going to miss David Burke all over again.
This episode, for me, is about more than the case. Everyone’s all “Three Garridebs” this and “Three Garridebs” that; but in canon, IMHO, “Devil’s Foot” is just as big a milestone in Holmes and Watson’s relationship. The adaptation emphasizes and expands that into something which–for me, anyway–becomes profound and moving. In the context of the Granada series, “Devil’s Foot” is a kind of emotional sequel to “Empty House,” in which the Reichenbach trauma is–surreptitiously and subterraneously–reopened, worked through, and healed. Mercifully, this episode is largely unconcerned with radix pedis diaboli’s central African origins; we do hear the occasional bit of drumming in the soundtrack, but we don’t have to submit to anything like the festival of stereotypes that opens “Six Napoleons.” The lethal horror induced by the drug is instead referred back to the one fear that drives all others–death–and its close companion, loss.
one of the devil's pet baits."
also goes back to the 1857 mutiny, which is when the Agra treasure comes into the hands of Small and his three allies–all of whom may be thieves and murderers, but are at least loyal to the British Army and the fort they’re protecting. Doyle would eventually be knighted for the work he did trying to justify Britain’s indefensible conduct of the Boer War. So in “The Crooked Man,” the ‘scandal’ isn’t just Barclay’s personal treachery–the story summed up in Mrs. Barclay’s allusions to the biblical “David”–but British responsibility for the mutiny (since Barclay becomes, at the moment he sets Wood up for this, a mutineer himself). And this is interesting in a kind of intellectual way, but I can’t really
And what is one more lie, amongst all the others I have put in print, so many of them so much less beautiful?
And this brings us to Holmes and Watson.
when Brett was actually sick. I really wonder what it was like for Brett and Hardwicke filming these scenes. By all accounts, Hardwicke was very supportive of Brett through his illnesses and they became pretty close. At any rate, I really appreciate the fact that Chapman banished the specialist and let Watson do the doctoring. Also, I like it that Watson gets to actually use his knowledge during his scene with Gruner. The man is a doctor, after all, presumably he knows how to memorize shit.
“JOHN!”
At any rate, for a few minutes there in the red-lit sitting room, it seemed like a little life came back into it. I always seem to be looking for more reaction from Hardwicke than I ever get; but all the same, they play well off each other, and Holmes’s delirious ravings about oysters are very pathetic and yet also so very characteristically Theatrical. Despite all the ghastly makeup, in the red lighting and with his hair everywhere Brett actually kind of looks better on the Deathbed than he does before and afterward. It’s a very through-the-looking-glass moment. It might be unique in the annals of Holmes adaptations: the actor and the character on their different trajectories, meeting and merging at this intersection even though they’re still bound in opposite directions.
Short story: I was disappointed.
"Very much."
all this information is committing it to paper. Up to the late nineteenth century, writing has largely been a very concrete and material process in which a unique human body wrestles with a collection of unique objects. The intimacy thus enforced between writer and text is something exploited again and again by Holmes, who realizes how many traces the material text retains of the person who composed it. But in the 1890s, that intimacy is already under threat. New technologies have developed for transferring information to paper. The typewriter is coming into vogue (see “A Case of Identity”), and the telegraph has for the first time allowed for text composed in one location to appear almost instantaneously a different location.
“Generally speaking I approve of brevity, but in this case a bit more detail would be in order,” Sherlock said, looking amused.
“Well.” There was a note of pleasure creeping in amongst the amazement in his father’s voice. “I think that sounds lovely. Let me talk to Mummy and see what she thinks.”
“Didn’t do much of a job for you,” Henry said ruefully.
“Can I lend a hand in the kitchen?” Rowan asked when they’d dispensed with the pleasantries of drinks and catching up. “I’m quite a chef. I’ve bought a frypan of my own now, did I tell you? I can fry eggs.”
On the way back to the flat John checked his phone and found he had several texts from Sherlock in varying degrees of petulance; apparently he was stuck on his Easter music. He decided to wait until he got back home to phone. Back at Baker Street he tiptoed with elaborate care past Mrs. Hudson’s door, frowned at the table where she left the post—hadn’t that journal been on top yesterday? Maybe he hadn’t any post today, or maybe he was just pissed—stumbled to the toilet, and finally up to his room.
Sherlock didn’t even dignify that with a snort. “Tea first though.”
“Bloody hell,” Roz said. She stood up. She was not smiling now; her eyes were blazing and intense, and Sherlock thought again what a loss she had been to the police. “This is the killer, this guy? This is the bastard who murdered Araceli Hernandez and all the other women?”
To her credit, Meg blew one last honk into her handkerchief and straightened, clearly resolved to do anything she could to make amends.
“Did you make me watch it?” Sherlock asked.
“Let him try it, Lauren,” McGinty said unexpectedly. “He got Kelly Lewis to spill her guts when she had absolutely no reason to. I can’t believe anything is going to make Curtis Harmon confess to those murders, but if anybody has a shot at convincing him, it’s this guy.”
“Mmm….probably not. Tell you what, go to the chemist or whatever they have there and get some of those strips, you remember, the sort you had when you came home from hospital? Check those a few times. If you see any blood or protein, come back to civilization and ring me.”
“Would you mind terribly if I took a bit of time to think this over? You must be starving; I’m sure Mycroft’s minions can get whatever you like to eat.”
“Bathsheba…who was Bathsheba again?”
And then Moran’s other hand slid slickly over his hard cock and suddenly Sherlock’s lungs found air. His body jolted with pleasure and Moran stroked him again, lazily, before sliding his hand around and into the cleft of his arse. Sherlock spread his legs and Moran let go of his neck to grip his hip hard, holding him in place as one thick finger slid inside. Sherlock groaned. Moran was quick and efficient, opening Sherlock with inexorable fingers. When he finally took hold of Sherlock’s hips with both hands and pushed in, Sherlock had to scrabble for purchase against the wall, trying to brace most of his weight on his arms as Moran held his hips in place and thrust hard. Moran was big, and thick, and ruthless, and the sensation—coupled with the persistent sense of being on the verge of falling—was so overwhelming that Sherlock’s vision sparkled and blurred. He was dimly aware of Moran snapping into him, again, again,
Sherlock frowned. “What news?”
“Levels out a bit here,” John said, studying the map. “We’ll be coming up to the Reichenbach stream, there’s the waterfall…oh, there are more than one. Which one was in the painting?”
“What did she have it for, do you know? Did you ever find anything hidden in it?”
“Because he got bored,” Sherlock said. Now he was the one who looked away, out the window at the high stone walls of the Veilgarden alleyway. “He missed the game. And because he wanted me and was thwarted. He came with an inspection party when I was still at the convent. I didn’t recognize him because I’d never seen him, but he recognized me. Tried to stake a claim then and there.” He swallowed. “He made them change my name. I was called Benedict before.”
“You know,” John remarked when Sherlock finally fell silent, “this is a bit rude and I apologize, but the longer I know you the less I find myself liking your parents.”
“Only a little, you narcissistic git.”
He pulled out, feeling cold and empty, and Teddy rolled quickly to the side and came up with a cloth of some kind--a hanky, or maybe a napkin--that he had clearly dropped by the side of the bed for this purpose. He wiped himself off, front and back, and tugged his nightshirt down. John could not look him in the eye.
“We needn’t speak of it again,” Mycroft said airily, looking about for their waiter.
Even if Moriarty comes back--if he shoots me through the heart, then I will come back from the dead for you. I promise.”
“Well done you,” John said. The drama in front of them seemed to have reached its climax: Anton threw both hands up in a clear expression of surrender and Lyudmila clutched at the hand not holding an automatic weapon, kissed it tearfully, then flung herself at Sergei. Sherlock caught John’s eye and grinned, looking enormously pleased with himself. John grinned back. Lyudmila had half an inch on Sherlock and was about a third as big around; draped over the shorter, stockier Sergei she looked like a vine growing over a fire plug.
Tilly opened the door and said, “Doctor here to see you.”
Sherlock leaned forward urgently, trying to keep his voice low; he didn’t know how long they had until the nurse came back. “What are they going to do to us?”
“—fragrance, I know, it’s unscented.”
“I could show you some moves,” Sherlock breathed. “I’m a very good dancer.” He was swaying a little as he said this, rocking John just slightly, but still making no move to pull him closer.
“They’ll think we’re going to the coast,” Sherlock finished. “Not bad.”
“If you’d put your mouth to my neck I might have done from that.” John’s hands dipped lower so that his fingers found that hot wanting opening again and Sherlock’s head fell back. “Or that. Oh,
Donovan’s quiet voice crackled over the radio again. “It’s him. Willfen is coming up. Everybody in position.”
though he did wonder if he’d be able to get him off, but the man was humorous and unselfconscious and generous with his coaching; he gave Sherlock the best blowjob he’d ever had and was happy to share tips after. In Las Vegas he had his first
“You do not know.”
“You’ll talk to the devastated mother, I’ll jump in when you leave out anything important,” Sherlock informed John in the cab.
Violet’s employers lived on an estate in Hampshire called the Copper Beeches. Both of them were frequently away in London, and even when at home were often in their separate studios on the grounds (“although I don’t think Davy does anything in his but shag local girls. He’s an awful perv, tried to get in my knickers the first week”). Jessica was uptight but not difficult, and she sometimes paid Violet extra to pose for her when Jessica was trying different layouts for shots.
“No, it’s fine—“ but John had already put a possessive hand on his head and pushed it down so he could see the back of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock shivered again. The moment was seared into his memory: John inside him, biting, his teeth in Sherlock’s flesh completing a circuit that had fused the two of them together. Sherlock felt heat rising in his cheeks.
“You lot in position?” Lestrade said into the speaker.
“Sherlock,” John said, walking in. “Would—where on earth did that come from?”
“Why? Why does he?”
Molly sighed and took the tube over to set the sample running. When she came back she handed Sherlock a plaster. “He’s scared.”
When Sherlock woke he thought for moment he was alone in a white bedroom, but after blinking for a few minutes he realized that he was in a sort of hospital ward, with curtains on either side of his bed. It seemed to be evening, judging by the light on the wall he could see. The curtains were not pulled fully, and by turning his head he could see the beds on either side of him: both empty. He could hear a low murmur of conversation from somewhere nearby though, and a few moments later a woman appeared between the curtains. “Ah, you’re awake. Care for a cuppa? If you drink that down all right we can take that drip out.”
Sherlock blinked at him. He seemed genuinely taken aback for a moment and then he began laughing, a terrible, mirthless laugh. He sat back on his heels and laughed, head tilted up toward the ceiling, as John stared.
“What do you care?” Sherlock said rudely. “Italian organized crime isn’t your concern.”
“Isn’t that the point? No marks.”
Sherlock looked away again. “But if that’s the case then she’s not a threat to John. Why did you demand that I return?”
“Sir, I finished already and--”
“Thanks.” She squinted up at him, still half asleep. “You look done in. Big night out with the boys?”
“Strangled,” Owen answered.
He led them into a dimly lit corridor to a clerk, who took the file, noted their names with indifference, and said, “Block 9.” The jailer then took them to a storeroom where they were each handed two rough blankets, a tin plate, and a cup.
“Good,” Rodriguez said. They smiled appreciatively at each other and Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes. “So officially? There’s no investigation. You, Miz Corwin, are writing a book, and Mr. Holmes is your researcher. We’re just along to help smooth the way with the locals, the implication being that someone’s been throwing their weight around at a fairly high level.”
“I’m defending my dissertation Thursday next. The writing is done, but I’m still working on the presentation. Speaking’s not really my area.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, shockingly dark in his pale face. “No, he said. “I want you to see me. I’m giving--I want you to see me when you take me.”
and John whipped his head around and saw a second man leaping out the back door with some kind of metal bar in his hand. He spun back around and smacked his book down on the wiry man’s head, and the man stumbled, caught himself, and slashed at John with the knife.
little Sherlock?” Sherlock decided on the spot that this brother was a decided improvement.
“In a dance club but not public,” Sherlock said. He was concentrating now, eyes narrowing as though they could bore right into John’s skull. “When you were young but not too young, at university…”
They finished up the bacon rolls and tea and gathered their things as the kids washed up, chattering in whispers together and giggling, and then Isla shut up the bothy and they set off down the bumpy road. The mist was breaking up, but the sky remained lowering and overcast, and Sherlock could see nothing but rocks and gorse. The car was warm and humid and the close quarters combined with the constant jostling began to make Sherlock feel overheated and queasy.
“I’ve loved you even longer than that,” he said when he was sure his voice would not betray him. “Since the first moment I saw you astride a horse. I thought you were the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen. It just...took me a little longer to understand. But I’ve always loved you, and I knew from the first that meant I would do anything to protect you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pointedly looked away.
Winter came, and the days grew dark and cold. A new heating system was installed in an old cottage. “Top of the line, and I made a few tweaks myself—it’s like a sauna in there now,” the man who installed it told his mates over a pint. Then he wiped his mouth and went to take on the posh git whom—to his amazement—he finally beat at darts. He secretly suspected the man in the suit of losing on purpose, but that did not make the cheers of his companions any less sweet.
Sherlock rolled onto his side in a fetal position. Rowan returned, whistling, and wiped away the mess on the sheet and gave Sherlock’s arse a quick swipe, not ungently. He nodded at Sherlock’s soft cock. “Yeah, that can happen the first time. Want me to see if I can make you feel better, or are you too knackered?”
Sherlock also seemed to have given up searching for the vanished Tafline Jones, although when John asked him he said cryptically that he hadn’t stopped looking, he was just looking elsewhere. What this meant John had no idea, as Sherlock certainly showed no signs of going anyplace.
“He was already gone, so…I reckoned I might as well go ahead and get this out of the way.”
John nodded calmly. “There are things I don’t like too. We’ll talk it all out when the time comes.”
“I’m good, thanks.” Robert Zdziechowski smiled, and Julie noticed that his eyes were a very bright blue. “I think one of the officers wants to talk to you, though. There are a couple of guys who claim they were assaulted behind the building.”
“Buy you a drink?” the man said, raising his voice slightly to be heard. Sherlock immediately read his whole story in the four words--middle-class upbringing in Birmingham, grammar school, five years in London—and let his own accent go ripe and languid on his tongue as he answered, “Just the one, I think.”
John had to clap a hand over his own mouth to stifle his shock. The man was
“Well done,” Gregson said, still grinning. She stood up and said, “May I sit in on your chat with Mr. Carew, Detective Inspector Lestrade?”
“We really shouldn’t have this in here,” Molly said, taking a custard cream anyway. The machine gave a satisfied beep and she shoved the whole thing in her mouth, giving a muffled shriek as she pulled out the result.
“No. You don’t,” Sherlock said, cutting him off. He shut the door to his room behind him and crossed to the window without turning on the lights. “It was I who owed you. If it hadn’t been you, that night in Chicago, I never would have gone through with it. I’d never even
John gritted his teeth and clenched his muscles against the pain as they maneuvered him into position. “Holy fuck!” one of the police officers shouted. “Where’s that other ambulance? What happened to them?”
Lestrade beamed. “Good on you, mate! That’s exactly what you should do.” He raised his pint to Sherlock, who clinked his obediently and took another drink, thinking vaguely that he needed to piss again but wasn’t sure he could feel his legs well enough to walk to the loo.
“Because he takes pictures of all his victims, not just the ones he kills. Murder was never the object, rape was the object. He killed the men in Afghanistan and Iraq because he knew their families would cover up the circumstances. But when he was back home, he didn’t kill his victims, because there would have been a much more thorough investigation. Instead he preyed on drug addicts and prostitutes, who were less likely to complain about rough treatment, and let them live.”
“We were at the quarry…” They had been riding back, Sherlock was talking about trees, why trees? and then--”There were men, men behind us. Sherlock!” His eyes flew open and he tried to sit up, which was a mistake. Mrs. Medlock, lightning quick, had the basin under his chin in a flash.
“When better? Everyone will be out. No one will take any notice of us.”
“But what if Minchin does a bed check? He probably won’t notice if it’s just me gone, but he’d definitely notice an empty bed.” Minchin did sometimes carry out terrifying raids in the night, although usually earlier than when Sherlock was planning to sneak out.
Sherlock lifted his head in bewilderment. A soldier was down on one knee a short distance away from him, trying to get a look at his face. A second soldier stood next to him holding a rifle aimed at Sherlock’s head, which he lowered when Sherlock looked up. The man had spoken in English.
“Ah,” Lestrade said, looking discomfited. “Well. Didn’t look into that yet. Anyway, as I was saying, by all appearances he’d been dead since the night before—“
That evening John was poking around in the refrigerator whilst Sherlock heated beans on the stove when John heard a distant trilling. “I think your phone’s ringing,” he said.
John was so caught up in the fantasy that he jumped when the voice came: “We have Mercury, repeat, we have Mercury and are preparing to withdraw.”
“Kidney stone, was it? Nasty things, kidney stones. Knew a major once, in the Army…”
John reached out and showed him in the chest. Sherlock staggered backward and fell, flailing wildly, as John shouted, “Put your feet down!” A minute later he gained his feet, coughing wildly.
An address followed. “No, forget that, this is better than good, this is salvation. You’ve read the blog—normally he’d know I was hiding something immediately, but this way he’ll be too distracted to notice.”
“Learned your lesson yet?” Moran asked. He pushed Sherlock’s legs apart. Sherlock felt the large hands on his thighs, heard the snick of the lubricant being opened. He tried to relax but he couldn’t bear this, it would kill him, he couldn’t—
“I’ve got a case,” Lestrade said as though it were obvious.
“2012 Silver Toyota Camry, license plate BK4 8819,” Sherlock said.
“Because you haven’t been responding, apparently.”
"You," John whispered. "You--oh God, you're so beautiful, I..."
“Oh, I will come down from the hills eventually, never fear. But not yet. God speaks to me in dreams, you see, and it is not yet time for me to leave.”
With no other options available, Sherlock took the only route open to him. He turned away from his food, closed his eyes, and set about waiting to die.
A hand materialized in front of him with a takeaway cup that just had to be better than John’s. It even smelled better. The hand, unsurprisingly, was attached to Mycroft.
“It’s me,” Donovan said. She sounded clipped, but not particularly hostile. “I’ve talked to DI MacDougall. She’s willing to let you have a look at what they’ve got, on the condition—“
Sherlock subsided, looking cross and unfocused. “Do you know what I’m going to do if you’re right?”
“Poison somebody and not get caught.”
“You’re sure? Not going someplace dangerous without me, are you?”
“Everything.”
“At the rendezvous. I’ll be waiting.”
Sherlock looked up, blinking a little in disorientation. Molly was smiling at him indulgently from the doorway. “We’d best be off if you want to get to that bakery.”
Lightning spilt the sky in front of him and there was the lighthouse, rising white and steady against the blackening sky. The low cottage in front of it was evidently the keeper’s quarters. John did not even bother to try the cottage door, just rammed into it with that same rut strength he’d used to lift Sherlock on the path. The door flew open. Sherlock, almost sobbing with relief, stumbled forward to follow John inside.
John descended the stairs with a spring in his step. He liked Ana, who was funny and easy to talk to, and there had definitely been sparks when they’d kissed that last time. Besides, it was their third date, and she’d mentioned being off work the next day. A good shag was exactly what he needed to get his head back in order.
Sherlock spoke to the boy, already knowing the answer, and sure enough the boy waved his phone frantically—“No service.” He was pulling the satellite phone out of his anorak pocket as he said it. “Go with him, John, I’ll ring them.”
“All right,” Trevor said, setting down her teacup. “Do you remember what I was working on at university?”
“Your Commander must have quite a bit of pull if he was able to request a honeymoon,” Molly said suddenly. “You said he was in the Foreign Ministry?”
“He must be touched in the head!” Davy said. “Left a good place because his feelings were hurt?”
Sherlock had no idea what to do next. He vaguely understood that something was required of him, some gesture of sympathy, but could not come up with anything both sincere and appropriate. What would John do?  Awkwardly, he reached out and spidered his long fingers over John’s head. He flexed a little, rubbing at John’s short, bristly-soft hair. This did not seem quite right. How did John do it? Was the technique different with shorter hair? Sherlock liked John’s hair. He was reminded of a plush hedgehog he had when he was small, the fur that was simultaneously soft and stiff.  He relaxed his hand a bit, letting the pads of his fingers brush over John’s hair, liking the texture.
He had reached their lodging house. John was tired now, and as he turned onto the landing for the final flight of stairs leading up to his room he thought longingly of the comfort of his bed. He paused. Was that music?
They reached the top of the hill and started down and distantly John heard the sound he had been listening for: the faint
Sherlock’s radiant expression faltered. John immediately moved to kiss him, needing to erase that crease between Sherlock’s eyebrows immediately and bring back that pure sweet smile. “It’s good,” he said quickly. “It’s a good thing. If you meant that, what you said before—then I meant it too. You’re mine now, and I’ll never let you go.”
John’s gut clenched again, but it only heighted his arousal. He hadn’t thought such a thing had any part in his fantasies back then—if that long-ago boy had proposed it, John would have run a mile—but if
“You did it first thing in the morning, right?”
“The horses are ready and I’ve saddle bags for us both. We just have to go. Come
Flea frowned back as though having to explain to the dim-witted. “Seven snatched him up right away, didn’t he? Let Pip have him every night from what I hear. But when you came back he told us he wouldn’t be wanting Pip while you was here but he was still hands off to the rest of us. But now he’s gone off sick and I want to know if it still holds, or if Pip’s free for the taking now.”
Sherlock blinked, taken aback. “There was a new one last time. Sawyer. She seemed all right. Why?”
“You keep that one. You said you’d restore the bag, it’s the least I can do.”
In the park, not a quarter of a mile from where Sherlock had been found unconscious in the narrow space between the skips, newly minted Detective Inspector Lestrade stood staring down at the body of a young woman. “Crumbs,” he muttered.
Rounding a curve, he saw ahead a scattering of lights: a village, probably. Sherlock hesitated, but there was nothing around him but empty countryside; maybe he could find a garden shed or garage, and surely the village was too tiny to have a checkpoint. He kept going. The wall to his right became taller and better kept. After a bit he came to an opening and a small brass sign set in the wall reading “THE SHRUBBERY”.
John considered his options, which were few. He could go directly to Gregson now and tell him the literal truth: they had been bathing, nothing untoward had occurred, Master Sebastian had seen an opportunity to seize an advantage. He thought Gregson would probably believe him--being caught with a girl had helped him in that regard at least--although it would do nothing to dispel the popular notion that Sherlock harbored a secret crush. But Gregson would know as well as John that even if the blame lay with the master, the servant would always pay the price--just look at Sally Donovan’s mother. Gregson would probably give him an excellent reference, maybe some ideas of where he might go...and then what? He had once thought of becoming a soldier, but Mr. Rouncewell had rather cured him of that.
“You think you can beat me to this pond, do you?” John asked mildly.
“Sod it, I’ll steal something else.” Tank held out his hand. “Best of luck to you, John Watson, and look after our lad there if he pulls through.”
around him, and Sherlock seemed to lose his usual wariness around her, that way he had of acting as though he knew he was going to disappoint you and didn’t care. Of course he cared. But Mary adored him, delighted in every barbed word out of his mouth, and he ate it up.
Sherlock waved this aside—not very gracefully—and then said to Owen, who was looking worried: “Seventy-two hours, that’s all you’re asking for, likely less but that gives us an extra night if we need it. We aren’t going to be looking at random, we already have pictures of the victims, but obviously your superiors need to remain ignorant of that fact given the circumstances under which they were obtained.”
The words blurred on the page.  Sherlock touched his fingertips to the poem and thought that, for the first time, he understood the point of poetry. I will keep my word too, he thought. I made a vow at your wedding to keep you safe, and I will. I don’t know where I went wrong since then, but I will keep my word.
“Captain Watson,” Molly repeated blankly. Then her eyes widened. “What, your guard captain? Are you…”
“Oh,” breathed Sherlock and John kissed him again.
boss.”
“Yeah, I heard you about the exploding pigeons, I’m just not up to processing it right now,” Lestrade said. “So you’ll come?”
“I love you too.”
“Well, it was rather satisfying,” Rowan said thoughtfully. “To show you that the perfect little dollhouse family you chucked me for wasn’t so perfect after all. But really? I did it because he was a sweet piece of arse.”
Gregson smiled. “I hope so.”
her shoot you?”
Sherlock opened his mouth, shut it, opened it again and muttered, “Darren’s less of an idiot than most of his division.”
“Okay, got him. He was in the military, did you know that?”
“Please tell me they put in heating at some point.”
“Come on , John, we’re going,” Sherlock announced in a peremptory tone.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said, blinking. Now that his belly was full he could happily have laid his head down on the table and gone to sleep right there. “Think I’ll close my eyes for a bit. Don’t let anyone up, especially not my brother.” John was the exception, of course, but Mrs. Hudson knew that.
idea.”
Sherlock visibly looked John up and down, still fighting to return to rationality as best as he could. With a nod he found himself biting his bottom lip, more slick coating his buttocks and John’s hand as he saw the nerves fade and a much more confident smile to come to his face.
"I'm right behind you."
Endorphins flooded his body and made him feel light as a feather, his fingers and toes tingling. John pulled back with a soft grunt, discreetly reaching for a tissue from the box beside Sherlock’s bed and clearing his mouth. There was a smile aimed in the detective’s direction, gentle, hiding the nerves that lingered in his gaze.
of the family. However, there are matters in which he is utterly clueless too."
So, what could be said about a text like this? At first glance it may appear unimpeachable, something about it felt odd. No, better yet, it felt wrong. At a second look he could take apart this message and realise just what about it was bothering him; perhaps Sherlock had been rubbing off on him. There were two problems with this text, the first of which was its location. Wales, why Wales? Their range for cases tended to remain around London area, with the Baskerville case on Dartmoor a single exception. That morning Sherlock hadn't mentioned any new case. In fact there was a pile in the detective's inbox of cases that he had given his stamp of approval, so why would he suddenly pick up something new? This lead John to his second suspicion regarding this text. From the language used it implied that he would be sent, alone, on a case. If there was such a circumstance in which the pair would have to make the journey, it would have been a good case, a nine or ten. But then, Sherlock would have rather given a limb than leave John to take care of it alone.
"I am a doctor, remember? That is the exact opposite of what I'm supposed to do. I'm not about to abandon you-"
What in buggering hell was that meant to mean? Biting the inside of his cheek, John turned the words over in his head, it clear that Sherlock was waiting for a reaction of some kind. Slowly, all too slowly, he began to pull the pieces together to this little puzzle that had struck him on a Thursday afternoon. Their jagged edges began to linen up in his mind, creating a picture that he had truly seen all along, but never observed. His breath caught in his throat and induced a coughing fit, the sound of his splutters pathetic to his own ears.
. It was as though rationality was being drained from him, in its place a bestial creature was coming to the front. A being guided by instinct, by the sweet scent that it was breathing in by the mouthful. With every wave of heat that rolled from Sherlock’s flesh, John found himself giving in to these carnal cravings.
"What are you getting at?"
The sound of a single step in his direction caused John's heart to lurch into his throat, his eyes fluttering open but not turning towards the sound. Following that there was silence, deafening silence that made it feel as though time itself had slowed to a stop. For a single moment, the clock didn't tick, the exhale from John's lungs had frozen in place, the subsequent inhale of Sherlock's had locked up too. For a single moment, it was just them, them and the silence that spoke volumes. John prayed for some sort of sarcastic response, some indication that his friend was still himself. But, as time seemed to crawl back into motion, the clocks ticking and the sound of breathing filling the air, Sherlock merely turned away and padded into his bedroom; the door left open and the sound of a body crumpling into the sheets reaching the alpha's ears.
,” John ordered against the sensitive gland, running his tongue over it and noting the tingling in his tongue afterwards. “Don’t move an inch… good man.”
"On the contrary, Doctor Watson, these events have plenty to do with me." Mycroft sniffed empathetically, straightening his back and adjusting his stance. His right hand smoothed down the front of his suit jacket, telling Sherlock he had understood the commentary regarding his weight perfectly. It was a low blow, but nothing unusual from his younger brother. Normality meant safe. "I shall keep it short, some of us at least are rather busy after all." He strolled across the room and took a seat in Sherlock's chair, noticing the way in which his brother was almost eager to return to his spot by the window. John was swift to follow suit, taking a seat in his usual armchair. "Is this a particularly
I can't-
Mycroft was aware of his brother's affection for John and the improvement of Sherlock's mental health and lack of indulgence for most of his
“Sherlock I-
"You've been hiding... all of this time. I, Jesus, look- I understand why you don't want me there. But still, I'm not sure I need to go all the way to Wales, do I?"
to be
The air between them thickened; a strange cocktail of gunpowder and honey, smoke and sweet, danger and home. John’s fingertips, calloused and rough, wove tales of battles in which the echoes of gunfire have long since passed as they spread across Sherlock’s abdomen in a gesture that was as much a statement of
. It was strongest there and damn it all, John felt like he was starved of it. He mouthed at the area, his tongue swiping broad strokes across it, making the brunette beneath him tremble and babble incoherently. To see Sherlock Holmes this undone was a marvel, one that the doctor could put down to his efforts and take pride in.
“Stop being dull, John. Instead, focus on me. On us.”
“Was… that okay, Sherlock?” He asked, voice a little bit thick, his erection still visibly straining against his jeans.
Together at last.
“Stay still,” he growled, running his tongue over his teeth as the troublesome material finally fell away from his body. Finally he ducked back down and pressed hot, open mouthed kisses to Sherlock’s jaw, a crooning purr rumbling in the back of his throat as hands took purchase on his bare shoulders.
"I'll be home in about twenty minutes, alright? Look either way it's going to be fine. You'll be alright."
as well as a request of permission. When the brunette sprawled below him gave a nod and arched into the touch, skilled digits traced invisible lines over bone and flesh and marked out the territory with a doctor’s eye. Like this, Sherlock could truly see the brave soldier, the caring doctor, the true alpha that lay beneath the surface. Sherlock was
Until next time, guys!
Hi folks! I'm going to be aiming for at least weekly updates from now on, though with current circumstances involving my dad and his heart attack may alter that for a few weeks. Anyways!
The alpha’s rutting began to speed up, rough and without specific rhythm, the brunette's neck being littered with marks that only could mean mine. Teeth grazed against the length of his bare shoulder, desperately avoiding that specific gland no matter how the omega leaned into the attentions. John’s left hand trailed over the curve of Sherlock’s hip, wrapping around his twitching cock and pumping it.
Sherlock steepled his fingers beneath his chin, watching the blond alpha with hooded eyes and a lazy smile. Oh, if only John knew. "Mycroft is well versed in many things as the self-proclaimed
“Stay
Christ, this had been such a bad idea. John's hands trembled as he once more grasped the arms of his chair. Sherlock had either not had the strength to shut the door or he... no. He hadn't left the door open in invitation, he wouldn't have been so careless. There was no way. With a low growl he reached for his phone, unlocking it and then thinking better of it. Sherlock could hear him right now, why bother text?
“Straight ahead. Now go!”
“You want us to wait?” Rodriguez called after her.
Sherlock sat still for a moment, his intense focus entirely fixed on her face. John had never seen him so intent on anyone before--not anyone beside himself, anyway--and he felt briefly uneasy.
Mycroft considered. “There was a window, with a window seat. The trim and the seat were white. You would stand on the seat—“
“My father?”
John manfully fought down his laughter and bent to haul Sherlock upright. “One thing at a time,” he said as he heaved Sherlock, protesting, onto the bed. “Get some nourishment in you today and tomorrow we’ll try you up in the chair.”
Mycroft gave him another slitty-eyed stare, but this time John made no effort to stare him down. He looked back with all his considerable compassion and affection, and finally Mycroft gave him a surprisingly genuine smile.
Sherlock knew his cue by now and so he looked Jeff up and down lasciviously: “Oh, quite well.”
“Oh?” John said mildly. He chewed and swallowed, not particularly concerned; he’d been out of the army for some time now, so whatever this was, it seemed unlikely to concern him directly. “What are you investigating?”
Sally drove in silence for a few minutes. “See anything that could help us back there?”
Aimee stared back at him, looking utterly shocked. “
“Alphas can’t be held responsible for their needs.” Sister Anna did not bother to whisper, her grating, critical voice barely lowered. “It is for you to set an example by prayer and modesty.”
Sherlock blinked, blinked again, tried to force his eyes to focus. He was half-kneeling, half-sprawled, with John knelt in front of him, holding him up with one hand gripping his jacket and the other fisted in his hair.
“Not that kind of clean.”
When he came out the housekeeper was sitting upright in her chair, evidently wide awake. “Thank you,” Sherlock said, taking the glass of water she held out for him. “I’m all right now. You needn’t stay.”
“It’s only one year.”
him. Pip had had Sherlock, had pushed him down on the bed and done what John had never once even let himself admit he wanted and Sherlock had
“I’ve told him and told him, I didn’t get lucky until university,” John said, spreading his hands. “In school I was the guy all the girls talked to about the
“Never?” John said skeptically. “Even when you were younger?”
“I said shut up.”
“Glock, yeah.”
“Are you going back today?”
John and Sherlock had not yet advanced much past kissing, although Sherlock had made it clear he was more than amenable anytime John wished to take things further. John had been happy to move slowly--aside from anything else, he enjoyed teasing Sherlock’s impatience--but tonight the feel of that soft yielding skin of Sherlock’s throat had him feeling hot and itchy with want. He hurried through his teeth and slid gratefully into the warm bed. “Come here,” he growled.
“I’ll manage,” Sherlock said sharply. “She won’t have any idea you’re even involved. Now you’d best be off before someone notices you’re here. Mind the third stair from the top, it creaks.”
“All right, all right, I get it,” John said, smiling genuinely now. “And I do get woken up for the urinating, you clamber all over me to get to the loo.”
That’s quite enough of that.”
“Sherlock.” John cut him off. “This isn’t only for you, all right? Just—you were there for me, when I was at my worst. Your methods were totally mental and almost got you killed, but, you know. I’ve been a shit friend to you, and I’ve been a shit dad to Rosie, and a shit husband to Mary, and from the way everyone reacted when I said I was taking leave I suspect I’ve been rather a shit doctor as well. So. You were there for me, when my life fell apart, every time, and now I’m here for you. Okay?”
“I probably won’t either, but at least we won’t do the job for him by dying of frostbite.”
Why, John wondered, tucking determinedly into his soup, was
John did not miss the slight hopefulness in Pip’s voice. “He won’t be back for a while yet,” he said, trying not to sound as though he were hedging. It wasn’t that he feared disapproval--Pip was certainly not going to cast stones at anyone else taking a lover--but whatever Sherlock thought about their supposed liaison being a convenient fiction, Pip clearly hoped for it to become fact. If Pip now held the power in B dorm, John would be a fool to get on his bad side. “I’ll send him your regards, though, shall I? And thanks for finding me a spot.”
“You’ve got hobbies. Do one,” John said a little sternly.
In the end, it was not really a decision at all. John rather thought that it never had been. He tucked the sovereign carefully into his small purse, opened the box of writing supplies, and began a letter to Sherlock.
This was exactly the opening John had been waiting for. “You know, I’ve been thinking about that,” he said casually, taking another swig of beer. “You really ought to give sex a go.”
Continuing the Granada Holmes rewatch, we move to one of my favorites: “The Dancing Men.” This is one of the classic Holmes stories, and the best one about Holmes as code-breaker. It presents some challenges to the would-be adapter, because so much of the story is about Holmes solving the code, and it’s very difficult to dramatize that. But Anthony Skene, who wrote the teleplay, was an experienced hand at the mystery adaptation, and he does two really smart things here, one of which would have a major impact on adaptations to come. One, he spends a lot of time fleshing out the tragic story of Hilton Cubitt and his wife Elsie, showing her panic and deterioration and his (always almost-repressed, of course) emotional turmoil as the screw turns and the situation goes from bad to worse. Two, he turns this into a story about Holmes and Watson teaching each other. This hammers some nails in the coffins of the two biggest adaptation cliches that the Granada people were trying to kill: Unemotional Holmes and Stupid Watson.
Anyway, so, like the dog, I have basically done nothing here, and I’m going to stop doing it and move on.
Anyway. For the Holmes/Watson relationship, this episode creates is a kind of typical development-of-the-partnership narrative, in which each gets frustrated and pissed off with the other, but in the end each realizes he needs the other, and they come together in the end to defeat the baddies. When Violet first shows up, Holmes is still in mentor mode, and he’s genuinely pleased that Watson figures out how Holmes deduced her bicycling habits. This apparently gives Holmes the idea that Watson’s ready to do some independent work; but the results are famously disappointing for everyone. The sequence in which Holmes explains to Watson all the ways in which he was Doing It Wrong is one of my favorite parts of the series. The best part of it is how cool Holmes manages to stay while sticking all of his little barbs into Watson, and how Watson totally fails to stay cool while the barbs are being stuck into him. Great understated snark from Brett, great slow burn from Burke; it starts to feel actually a lot like Cumberbatch and Freeman’s chemistry on
It gets worse from there; at a military hospital he gets enteric fever (also known as typhoid fever, which is caused by salmonella…even if typhoid fever doesn’t kill you, it makes you wish you were dead) and then finally sent to stagnate in London. Watson doesn’t have a lot of reasons to love the British Army or to be loyal to it.
The Granada adaptation gets this too. What’s more, they work pretty hard at bringing through all the of the
“But surely, Holmes, in many of our cases…there was the affair of the speckled band…”
And then the universe said, “Nice adaptation of ‘Three Garridebs’ you have there. Be a shame if something were to HAPPEN TO IT.”
Holmes shifted position slightly, concentrating, trying to understand.
So if we just focus on these instances, Hammond’s use of mirrors appears to be a well-thought-out storytelling strategy which provides visual reinforcement for some important aspects of the narrative. But the thing is, this is just a small sampling of the many, many, MANY mirror shots we have in his episode, some of which seem entirely irrelevant. There are mirrors EVERYWHERE in “Wisteria Lodge.” There’s one right outside the door to Murillo’s throne room, in which Holmes and Watson are caught after their hilariously ineffective pretextual interview with Murillo:
The only thing really interesting to me about this one, in fact, is the number of references to it that
All of this comes to a head in the “experiment” Holmes does with the poison.
* When Holmes asks Violet what she thinks is going on, she proposes a theory which is wrong, but which Holmes accepts as, given their available evidence, “the most probable explanation.”
But then, I thought, I never liked “Musgrave Ritual” either; let’s see if they can make something of this one.
Though this was never explicitly stated and though I wouldn’t have put it to myself this way at the time, this was the first same-sex relationship I’d ever seen explored on TV. And here you have one man taking care of another, quietly, during one of the thousands of little crises that you and your partner, whoever you may be, will inevitably live through over ten or twenty or thirty years. Later adaptations–the Robert Downey Jr. films,
And this irritates me. I think Daddy Holmes should have left Sherlock the magnifying glass. Mycroft does not exactly cover himself with glory in this episode, after all; he spends much of it following a red herring down to a completely gratuitous Women’s Suffrage meeting, where he blusters about what nonsense and poppycock it all is. (Once again, we discover in a bad Granada Holmes episode an early version of something bonkers that shows up in an episode of
and I love the “write me down an ass” line. But I do have to ask: what “bird” was Holmes expecting? Clearly Colonel Valentine is the only suspect left by the time they set this trap. And what a self-absorbed sorry little sonofabitch he is, too. Holmes, after he finds out that Sir James is dead, wonders whether it was illness or suicide. I personally wonder why Holmes doesn’t consider the possibility that Valentine killed him. It would have made the story too long, I suppose. At any rate, again, Holmes’s contempt for aristocrats is precious to me. If they could bottle that and turn it into a fragrance I would wear it. I particularly love Holmes’s reaction when he asks Valentine, to make the letter more realistic, what his “terms” would be if he were holding out for more money, and Valentine answers right away.
Mycroft lifted an eyebrow, swinging the tip of his umbrella. “Children accept what they know as the norm. I was at university before I realized all uncles didn’t smell of lily of the valley.”
“You were in my room every night,” Mycroft said. “That summer, anyway, after Victor died.”
Sherlock turned instead and skirted the edge of the park, ducking down the narrow little street that led to Stripe’s dodgy flat. He handed over his money and collected a small bag. “You want to be careful with that, mate,” Stripe said, gesturing with his chin. “Remember I told you my supplier had a line on a new source? I hear that shit’s way purer than what we had before.”
Sherlock did not move. John worked his right hand out from under the crushing weight and reached to Sherlock’s. He could not turn his head, but he could hear Sherlock’s snared-rabbit panting loud in his ear. “I’m fine,” John said as firmly as he could. “I’m fine. Let me have it.” He closed his hand around the handle. “
John blinked, disoriented, then thought,
“Right.”
“I don’t think so. I couldn’t smell it, anyway.”
Another silence. “Is it going to happen again?”
“Nothing. Just, I love you, and I’m so glad I have you, and I’m happy to see you again.”
but then went on in a rush, voice growing stronger: “So the idea that just a few weeks together without, er, unless he broke the rules…”
“I already told you, I—“
There was a pause. “I was on my way home, you realize.”
“You want some water?” Sally asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade grunted. “Think I’ve about got this now. All right, I’ve sent the email. If you can’t open it or I buggered it up some other way, text me back and I’ll have Mags do it tomorrow.”
“Listen,” Miles said. His gaze was flat and entirely empty. “You had better make sure that when your friends come round they don’t just go on and raid the whole neighborhood for good measure.”
“Down here.” He heard the
“Yes,” Sherlock said, suddenly nervous. Did Mr. Talbert not like it?
“Of course,” Sherlock breathed, setting down his fork. “You all knew each other before. Irene brought you all on! Must have been very interesting when…but the Eyes would have put a spy in…” he narrowed his eyes at a kitchen maid. “You! Obvious—“
strains—“
“He came from up near the cliffs, you’ll have to climb over the rocks. I can’t manage it with one hand.”  He put the phone to his ear, already ringing. “Go on. I’ll wait right here—if I’ve read the map right they’ll probably come up this way.”
Sherlock had
Sherlock stood up. “I’m going to get some air,” he said. “I need a few minutes to clear my head. Then I’ll think about what to do next.”
Just in case I inadvertently freaked anyone out: remember, it's a time travel story! "Dead" in a failed time stream is not the same as "really dead". I promise you that no character who is currently alive on the show will be otherwise at the end of this fic.
“Nothing. It’s just that you’re looking very…out of my league.”
“So you hear, I don’t know for sure.”
Sherlock followed Molly over without much enthusiasm. The traditional pastimes of male omegas—breeding horses and dogs, cultivating rose gardens—were largely unsuited to city life, and they wouldn’t be allowed any pursuit requiring a sharp tool. Still, anything was better than rotting away in his room. He stood at the back, surveying the signup sheets over the heads of the mostly female crowd: flower arranging, watercolors, knitting. A small knot had formed around one of the papers, blocking his view. “What’s that one there?”
Two days later the guards came back. They unfastened the shackles, pulled out the drip, and then half-dragged, half-carried Sherlock along the corridor and down the stairs into the Mother Superior’s office.
“Sherlock,” John said quietly. “Listen to me. There are three men following us. No, don’t look back, I don’t want them to realize we noticed them. It might be nothing, but we can’t take any chances.”
“Run one over to Mahdavi,” Lestrade commanded and the woman nodded. Mr. Mahdavi had been stashed in a nearby room for the express purpose of making an identification; the police had several other photos of pretty young women already made up for comparison.
“Fair enough.”
“What?” John frowned at him in confusion.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, are you awake? I’m coming in.”
it, a lot more than he would have expected. He’d liked Sherlock vulnerable at his feet: had pictured him even more vulnerable, a defenseless kid. He’d loved pulling his hair and telling him what to do. And he’d really loved the way Sherlock had responded to all of it: that sweet thrill when Sherlock opened his eyes at John’s command and sucked at his fingers and, Jesus, come at his feet—that had turned him on enough that he could almost have fucked Sherlock right then and there.
“Oh Christ,” John said, heat surging in his groin. Sherlock was now actually rubbing himself against John, pulling his leg impossibly higher.  John had a sudden and extremely vivid visual of taking him, of fucking Sherlock with his legs wrapped around his waist, and he clutched at Sherlock’s arse with both hands, instinctively trying to spread his buttocks. Sherlock slid his hard cock against John and moaned. Jesus, Sherlock was right there, only their clothing between them; the way John’s cock was throbbing he was surprised it didn’t simply burn through both their trousers and fuck Sherlock with or without John’s cooperation.
“She saved your life,” John said, in an oddly constrained voice. “That kid. She saved your life.”
John got into the habit of stopping at the Guardians barracks after he dropped Pitts off each morning. It gave him a chance to work out at the gym and hang around the canteen, keeping his ears open and picking up gossip. Besides, he could run into Sholto without attracting notice.
“Did I tell you he’s writing a Christmas carol for a children’s choir?” John asked brightly.
lad, Shovel.”
No cause for concern. John took a deep breath and blew it out, forcing himself to relax. Stand down, soldier; Sherlock was not—not in hospital again, not worse, not—no cause for concern.
Sherlock twisted around to bury his face in the sofa back. He felt—he didn’t know what he felt. He so often wasn’t sure; he was just too tired to puzzle over it. He really ought to text Sebastian. It would go badly if Sebastian learned he was already back, but he was so, so tired, and he didn’t want to go to Sebastian’s. He told himself it was too dangerous like this, he might forget to be careful, but the truth was that he couldn’t face seeing Sebastian tonight. He didn’t want to have to hide away in his room tomorrow, surreptitiously fetching ice, waiting for the swelling to go down. Sebastian never left marks on his face, but he was careless everyplace else. After that first time when he realized John had seen the bruises, Sherlock had bought concealer at a makeup shop that catered to film artists, but even that wouldn’t stand up to close scrutiny. God, he was tired. He wished he were back in the soothing cocoon of the train; he wished John would come back and stroke his hair until his mind went quiet and he could sleep.
“But I won’t ask someone else to live a lie.” Michael grinned a little ruefully. “Kind of hard to meet interested guys in this profession anyway.” He picked up the bottle and then looked at it in astonishment: “This is empty!”
“No.”
Sherlock had the distant feeling this would have been a lot more humiliating if he’d been sober, but he felt his face burn all the same. He made his voice dismissive. “I can assure you, George…”
“Then where’s the money?”
On a damp April evening Sherlock stood up from the lab bench and stretched his back, ready to wrap things up for the night. He went to the loo to wash his face and then leaned against the wall by the lifts idly reading the notice board and trying to decide if he wanted to stop off for some coffee and a snack. He couldn’t remember the last time he had eaten, and he was going to a drinks party…maybe just a quick bite.
laugh.”
“Extra chapter tomorrow, I promise.”
“No, you have to refill it yourself. Why?”
“They’ve gone,” James said suddenly, breaking into Sherlock’s line of thought. “Want to go swim for a bit?”
And then Sherlock thought very clearly:
“Please? I want to hear the words again. I was too busy trying to get the tune right before.”
“As a reminder of my foolishness, you mean? No. I’ve been trying to forget it for eight years.”
“No idea. Strange, isn’t it? Whatever it is, I’ll get the story from Lord Sherlock--if he’s not the cause of it and confined to his room for the rest of the summer.”
“Oh, I’ll be somebody’s natural son. Preferably somebody recently dead, so they can’t disown me. Educated abroad, provisions made by the father I never knew and therefore can’t answer any questions about--I’ll pretend to be older of course--it will be perfect. Whose reputation needs a little tarnishing?”
“They’re only supposed to have them during heat,” the man had said in a furtive whisper. “But I do the rounds at night and he tells me I have to leave her door unlocked. Then he goes in there and has his way with her and I hear her crying, it’s like to break my heart. She’s just a mite of a thing, just a girl, really.”
“It’s all right,” Sherlock cut in coolly. “I’ll text you later.” He wouldn’t.
There was the loud crack of a shot, and then two more, and abruptly the night fell quiet. Sherlock’s ears were ringing—he must have been closer than he realized—but then the ringing cleared and he heard the sound of a woman moaning. He ran forward and almost crashed into John, who was bending over to pick something up off the ground. “Are you all right?”
“But it’s not safe! As soon as we’re missed—“
When their turn came a cheerful woman a little older than Sherlock said, “What’ll it be, love? Sorry,” she said quickly as the man appeared beside her. “Sir. Brother.”
“Am I expected to reciprocate?”
“Captain Watson!”
John had the impression that Mr. Temple had given this speech many times in the past, and no longer particularly cared whether they got along well or not so long as they did not give him any trouble.
“Name and business,” the man who was clearly the captain barked.
On their last night Tiernan took Sherlock bent over his messy bed, shifting and angling himself until he was rubbing his cock over Sherlock’s prostate on every long slow stroke, and before long Sherlock was scrabbling at the sheets and moaning in incoherent pleasure. “Ah, Jesus, you’re close, I can feel it,” Tiernan gasped.  “Do it, don’t touch, I want to make you come just from my cock,
When Sherlock was fifteen, a violist named Anna kissed him at a Christmas party, and Sherlock kissed her back in the spirit of inquiry but found the experience disappointing. When he was sixteen, an oboe player named Aislin kissed him after a concert, and that seemed much more promising, until he abruptly realized that what was making him hard was the Irish lilt of her sultry voice and not the words she was crooning (a description of the charms of her extremely adept mouth). He pulled away in horror, all desire fled, and had to plead a concert-induced migraine to get free.
“You’re absolutely correct. So sorry to take up your time,” Sherlock said brightly. “I’m fairly certain the activity that so concerned our client was no more ‘suspicious’ than an East End accent. We shall certainly be looking into those other areas you mentioned—thank you so much for your assistance. John?”
“Yes, you are. You take everything they give you and ask for more, and you never moan.”
Rodriguez was pulling out his phone. “What isn’t?” he said and then his phone rang. He looked at it, frowned, and answered. “Shonda?”
Don’t ever, ever apologize for what happened to you. Not to me.”
She found the sidebar easily enough in the main Crib Killer story; the photo in that one showed John Watson too. He was handsome as ever, she thought, feeling a surge of affectionate nostalgia. The story was short on details and long on speculation. “Holmes was accompanied on the case by his longtime associate Dr. John Watson, a former doctor in the British Army. The two live together in London and have long been assumed by the London press to be a couple, though neither has ever confirmed the fact publicly.”
“Of course it is,” John said forcefully. He was under no illusions that his own deployment had been in the service of any aim nobler than Sherlock’s mission in the country John still thought of as Dalmatia. “You absolutely deserve to be considered for that.”
Multiple gestations were the norm for omegas, although uncommon in the last few generations, when heat modulators had been employed to limit the number of babies. A litter of four was still impressive, and would raise Eglantyne’s status. “She thinks her Commander will petition to bond with her now she’s given him quads, but she’s mistaken,” Sherlock said bluntly. “He’s the young cocky type, doesn’t want to settle down. She’ll be back at Sarah House when her three months are up.”
“But Sherlock, Paolo Fieri is huge. What if someone’s trying to get him out of the way? He could get hurt! It would be a horrible loss to the game!”
Sherlock nodded. “You’ll have them farther up the mountain as well. Quite a bit farther than you’re taking us, I assume.”
“Darby Road Sports Centre,” Sherlock said when they got into the cab.
“Get to work,” Michael said, smiling, and gave him a little swat on the arse.
“Then good riddance! He’s a lying adulterer! Who cares?” This made Wanda cry harder. “Oh for God’s sake—just
“Now tell me about the lard. I know when you’re hiding something.”
“Only a fool complains about a good harvest,” Danny said when John sympathized.
“Of course not. But you’ve said he’s increased the amount of driving he’s doing on the weekends to see you. What if you made changes so that was no longer feasible?”
“Maybe I will. Maybe I won’t. But if you don’t solve it in time…boom…boom…boom.” Her voice broke on the last word.
“So you’re a detective?” Henry asked. “With the police?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Donovan?”
“What would you do if the cow ate the clover?”
What came next happened so fast that it blurred in John’s mind. Sherlock’s hands gripped the chain of the cuffs, metal biting into his wrists, arms cording as his whole body jackknifed in half, feet coming up to his shoulders. John grabbed for his gun in the same instant that Sherlock jerked his head forward and spat a huge mouthful of amber liquid straight into Moran’s face. Moran jerked back instinctively and Sherlock’s feet pistoned straight up, heels catching Moran under the jaw so hard he was lifted right off his feet. John was across the room before Moran even hit the floor. Moran landed in an awkward sprawl, gun skittering out of his hand, and John flung himself hard onto his back and slammed his head into the floor, grabbing Moran’s arms and kneeling on them as he scrabbled for the gun. He thumbed the safety off, tossed the gun on the bed, and yanked the sash out of the dressing gown to tie Moran’s wrists tightly behind his back. Moran lay flat and did not move. John checked for a pulse: alive, but between the two of them they had knocked him out cold.
“I’m starting a new Grindr tribe,” Sherlock said. “White rabbit.”
John swallowed. “No,” he said. “I suppose not.”
“Well, if they were on our property they were trespassing,” Julie said. “And I can tell you for a fact that no one was assaulted, because we were taking advantage of the downtime to do some fire safety drills while we waited for you lot to show up, so I would have noticed anyone being assaulted. Is it okay if I call you Robert? Looking at your name tag is making my eyes hurt.”
and Jim stopped laughing abruptly, looking down in amazed fury as the section of wall on which he was standing began to tip outward. The river, John realized suddenly: they were over the Thames; that was the noise he had heard. “No!” Jim cried.
my forty-year-old counterpart in Lincolnshire. The calculations involved, the energy required—it’s all far less complex if you go only into your own past.”
s, trying to seem as though he were too desperately hungry to chat. When the meal was over he stood, trying to catch Sherlock’s eye, and saw him saying something to Pip as they got up. Pip caught his arm almost angrily but Sherlock shrugged him off, tossing something back over his shoulder as he turned to speak to Tank. John frowned. What was going on? Was Sherlock hatching some new scheme in John’s absence?
John wished, as he often did, that Sherlock came with a remote that controlled his processing speed. “You set up a Facebook page for a seventeen year old and managed to friend—“ He looked at the screen again. “—243 people since I saw you an hour ago?”
John laughed too, mostly with relief. “Don’t be an idiot.”
“Shall I clean this off so you can see?”
“Bullet scar lower sternum, confirm.”
There was no time to waste, not with Sherlock on the verge of frustrated tears. John fully intended on helping his friend through this, in whatever capacity he was needed. With a grunt he swallowed Sherlock down to the base, his fingers relentless in their assault of his prostate. The moan he wrenched from Sherlock’s lips was enough to make him groan, his free hand palming at his own cock to try and ease some of the need. He timed his fingers thrust against that spot he made sure to pull his head back, his tongue running flat against the tip before he plunged back down. It was easy, incredibly easy to get himself into a rhythm, to lose himself in the cries of his name, so when the omega beneath him whined his name a whole octave higher than the rest he doubled his efforts. Sherlock’s fingers buried into John’s hair and he bucked his hips upward once, twice, and came with a hoarse shout.
to also mean
“That's good,” he praised, shifting to lean back over the man’s lithe figure. “Because I don’t think we’re done here yet, do you?”
Far above the hustle and bustle of the lives down below a man stood in the window of his small flat, his eyes gazing out into the distance. Upon his left shoulder rested a violin crafted from spruce, the delicate fingers of his left hand drifting across the fingerboard as his right guided the bow across its strings. Beautiful notes floated through the flat, not once disturbed by the clacking of mugs in the kitchen or the whistle of the kettle as it reached the boil.
“John,
His heart ached as he slammed through the front doors, Lestrade catching him as he crumpled to the floor and released a wheeze of his love's name.
Until Next Time!
" John ran a hand through his hair and shook his head, leaning his head back to rest against his chair. "Does he approve of me or bloody not, can he make up his mind? What a bloody cock."
“It’s nothing, John. I’m not taking any calls while we deal with my heat.”
Finally, Sherlock turned and placed his violin back within the confines of its case. With a soft click he shut it, turning his attentions to his brother and flatmate in the same none-so-subtle manner as the elder had moments ago. There was a glimmer of disapproval in his brother's eyes, a sneer twisting his face unpleasantly. Despite this, he appeared almost awkward as he lingered closer to the doorway than usual, as though ready to make a swift exit if this encounter should turn sour. Opposite to Mycroft, John appeared relatively at ease within his own territory. He watched the older Holmes brother with a solid stare, meeting his challenging expression with the ghost of a smirk. However, Sherlock couldn't miss the way the hairs on John's arms appeared to stand on end, his left hand clenching and unclenching down by his jeans pocket subconsciously in place of what used to be a tremor.
John’s chuckle reached the omega’s ears and never before had a sound seemed so sinister. Sherlock’s eyes opened to peek as he felt the alpha move, an irrational fear that he was leaving rose and made him feel sick for a moment. A whimper tumbled from his lips and John looked up with concern, his eyes softening as he realised what the matter was.
Through med school he learned
Sherlock's voice came through harsh, snappish, and despite John's usual intolerance of such behaviour he couldn't help but try to calm the other man.
The use of John’s title seemed to stir something within the man, his hips slowing and his hands swiftly pulling away. Once again, there was the pop of the lube cap opening and the sound of slick as John coated his cock once again, spreading the coating as evenly as he could with shaky hands. Finally, he lined up the head of his cock against Sherlock’s sphincter and relished the twitch he felt. For a beat he waited, looking down at the other man’s entrance as though transfixed, then slowly he began to sink into the whimpering man beneath him.
Impatiently Sherlock tossed his head back and growled, pushing his torso upward as though to move from the submissive position when he was stopped. One arm wrapped around his waist, resting just below his bellybutton while the other reached upward, a hand clasping carefully around the detective’s throat. If he wanted to, the omega could quite easily break away, but the feeling of a warm body pressing against his back and lips caressing his scent gland made him moan in delight. Against his upper thigh he could feel John’s heavy cock brush against him, reducing him to breathless gasps and quivers of want.
Minutes passed and John held his breath, his eyes shut tight and his teeth buried into the flesh of his bottom lip. Had Sherlock gone into his room yet? Had he just not heard the movement? Without daring to turn his head, he hesitated to open his mouth. "Sherlock?" He called, his voice surprisingly even if not a little huskier than usual. "Are you alright?"
“Your morality is inspiring, but do get on with it.”
,” came Sherlock’s breathless words, tempting and soft to the point John almost didn’t hear. His cheeks darkened a touch as he spoke, his brow furrowing as though speaking itself was an almost impossible task. John simply had to take pity, didn’t he?
Mycroft Holmes strode slowly into the room, his eyes already far past rolling to the back of his head at the customary music selection. He clasped his hands behind his back, cool eyes none-so-subtly scanning over his younger brother standing at the window. "Brother mine," he bowed his head slightly, "you are looking... well."
“You’re so ready, aren’t you?” The alpha growled, his upper lip curling and exposing sharp canines as the pads of his fingers massaged around the man’s entrance. One by one they brushed against his sphincter and relishing the way it twitched. God, that was delicious. “Ready for me, wanting
Across London in his office, Mycroft was stood in the doorway with a look of disdain. Sat on his desk, swinging a leg and looking utterly bored, was his baby brother. With a customary sigh and a rising brow, Mycroft straightened his posture and tilted his chin upwards expectantly.
“Don’t stop-!” Sherlock was demanding, pushing his hips back in determination and sinking onto John’s cock. “John,
Thank you so much to all comments, kudos, subscriptions and bookmarks!
"Don't lie to me, you berk. You sound sick, you weren't sick this morning."
Sherlock was on his knees on the bed, a white bedsheet pooled around his hips and barely concealing his modesty as it tented rather tellingly. His bare, alabaster skin was flushed a rose pink from his face down to the top of his heaving chest. His dark curls were wild, matching the dark glint in those eyes that John had gotten lost in a few too many times. Bowed lips were curled into a knowing smile, the man's head tipped to reveal a long and rather delicate neck; the man's scent gland swollen below his right ear. Truly, he was gorgeous. The fact of the matter was the detective knew it too.
John and Sherlock go beyond social boundaries previously set.
arrangement?"
In the back of his mind, locked behind a steel door and chained to the adjoining wall, there was a voice there able to explain this physical reaction.That could explain just why from the moment John had walked into the flat he had known there was no way that he was leaving again. How he could hear John’s every shaken breath, how his scent though usually subtle had overpowered his senses and knocked the strength from his lungs. How a simple trip to the bathroom had been nearly impossible, for Sherlock was painfully close to dragging the man back to his room. But it took far too much concentration to summon up logic and reason as of now, leaving him in a strange sort of daze. That voice locked away in the depths of his mind palace was still there, whispering about how things were going to change from now on. If John left now, things would never be the same, the pair of them haunted by this afternoon. But, there was comfort to be taken from the breathless whimpers he could bring from him if he kissed at his throat, trailed a line up to his ear and flick his tongue against the shell. A graze of teeth, a hitch of breath, a throb of need and Sherlock’s thoughts were finally silent.
" John snapped, running a hand through his hair. "We... We can split up. One of us try to disarm the bomb, the other can-."
"I've got your back."
"Sherlock, no. Are you in danger? Is that what the hell's going on?"
The blond's eyes shot up immediately, his lips parting to speak but his mouth going dry at the sight of his flatmate.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice rose an octave, cracking as the brunette’s hips bucked forward with a renewed sensitivity thanks to the alpha’s ministrations. Unable to resist, he curled forward into that submissive position once again and gasped when John followed; the feeling of teeth nipping at the back of his neck enough for him to obediently go still. John’s hand and hips didn’t stop their movements, not until Sherlock was ready to beg, his usual pride falling to tatters amongst the sheets. “John,
(See the end of the chapter for
With a nod John turned, rushing towards the staircase to where he knew would lead to the bomb. He had to do this, he had to try.
"Everything is alright, I am safe. My suppressants became temporarily unavailable as result of a disruption in
, but no other development has progressed in the eleven years they have known each other. It's infuriating to watch."
"Look, as a doctor I have to ask... How long has it been since-?"
It took not very long at all before Sherlock was gasping and grasping the blankets beneath him with a white-knuckled grip, his face morphed into an expression of ecstasy. John wasn’t too far behind him, panting and grunting as they moved together and his knot bumped against the tight ring of muscle; Sherlock gave a pleased sound and pushed back all the harder as he realised what it was. With each bump of their hips the alpha’s knot pressed firmer against Sherlock’s entrance, the omega climbing higher and higher until he came with a hoarse cry. A single thrust later, John’s knot slipped inside and the blond’s orgasm shook him to the core, his climax washing over him in spurts and sapping his strength swiftly.
With that the line went dead and John slouched a little bit against the wall, shaking his head weakly. Alright, so, he wasn't going to Wales, Sherlock was an omega and was in heat. That was... an awful lot to process. But here outside of Tesco wasn't the best idea, not at all. With a sigh he pushed off of the wall, clenching down on the tremor in his left hand as he observed the CCTV following him carefully. Ah, so big brother was in on the whole thing. Resisting the urge to flip off the camera he began the walk home, worry coming off of him in waves.
"No, John!" Sherlock shouted, swivelling and smacking against the glass of the door. "No, no no, no! You can't!"
Hi folks!
Hi folks, I'm sorry for the delay on this chapter I was in Germany! Unfortunately halfway through this chapter my father had a heart attack, so forgive the quality. I may revisit this and edit with proper formatting in due time with a computer. For now, enjoy!
Appreciative of the lack of infantilism, Sherlock nodded and let his head fall back, keeping the rest of his body perfectly still for John’s approval. The hand resting below Sherlock’s naval slowly traced to the outside of his left leg, then behind him as he guided his cock to between the detective’s thighs. With a hushed grunt of something along the lines of fuck John’s rocked his hips, moaning as his cock glided between the creamy skin and glistened in a mix of lube and slick.
"We have to try! Defeat the impossible, that's what we
The text came through and broke John from his thoughts, his face scrunching up in disgust at himself. Was he really no better than the alpha's who would just take what they want while charged by their base instincts? No. They were more than mere animals, more than slaves to their biology. This was Sherlock Holmes, and he was John Watson!
Sherlock found himself breathless, smiling ever so slightly as he leaned up to press his lips to John’s. “Of course not, John.” He grasped John’s hand and lowered it, encouraging the man to feel just how ready he was for the next step. No longer did either of them care if this was instinct or, perhaps, something more. There was just the need for each other. “Now, Alpha…” he trailed off and stretched, preening visibly and smirking at the dark flash in John’s eyes, “I believe you know what to do.”
After a moment, he sent another text.
“Sherlock,” John whispered against his mouth, pulling back just enough to speak and watch him chase after his lips. The little while was very nearly overkill. “Sherlock, you can’t really...-“
"All the same, I would have appreciated notice. Further notice than was given." By that time it had been far too late. The doctor had been in residence for over 24 hours, it was blatantly obvious what was transpiring. And yet, he saw no outward sign of injury, accidental bonding, or distress.
John Watson, doctor, ex-soldier, knew better than to take things at face value. Indeed, he had learned this lesson many years ago, when he had presented as an alpha at age eleven he had learned
“God, Sherlock, you’re so…” he trailed off, lowering the hand from Sherlock’s throat to his right pectoral and gently rubbing a dusty nipple between his thumb and forefinger. The resultant whimper sent an electric shock straight through him, from the tip of his head to the ends of his toes, urging him onward.
For the following week both Sherlock and John faced countless waves together, time melting away into pleasure and heat and the occasional break for a shower. Little did they know, this heat was the start of many chain events that would shake their world apart, dragging in the British Government and Scotland Yard themselves into a web much larger than any of them realised.
And so, the final chapter is done! However, the story is far from over! John and Sherlock are about to be plunged into a whole new disaster, dragging the Government and the Yard with them. If you wish to read more of our boys in this world, please stick around for future parts of this series!
“You have
could equally mean
The explosion was nothing in comparison to the screaming in his mind, his eyes screwed shut and his hands clamped over his head. The anguish flooding his chest killed him immediately, carving him out from the inside and leaving him an empty husk.
The strength of Sherlock's scent was no problem, not at first, he discovered as he headed into the kitchen to put away the groceries. Then his hands began to shake and his head began to feel a bit funny; a headache in the first stages of development. Careful as he went he completed the task with a nod of satisfaction, pleased he hadn't dropped anything as he went with how useless his hands were being. With no sign of Sherlock he decided to walk into the sitting room and take a seat in his armchair, having the restraint to not look down the hallway. There was a surge of that sweet scent that hit his nose. He dropped his heads into his hands.
Mycroft receives a call from a friend, John and Greg have a discussion.
I hope you enjoy reading this chapter! It's longer than the others and I had to cut it short or else it would have run on far too long! So, this is going to be part one of two of what originally was one whole chapter.
Resting his weight mostly on his right forearm, John’s left caressed the heated skin beneath him. They trailed down this time; over a sharp hipbone, along the curve of a quivering thigh, back down and over his sternum, enough to make the fingers in his hair tighten and tug in desperation. Finally, he let a hand ghost between them, avoiding the omega’s weeping erection as he went, his knuckles brushing against the shaft as Sherlock’s voice rose in anticipation. For a brief moment he cupped the man’s balls, gently massaging the sack and the usually composed detective was nearly crying. Not one for cruelty, John let his hand drift lower still, his eyes widening and a snarl caught in his throat at the feeling of wet between his fingertips.
Again, something that should have been taken at face value. But there was something in the way Sherlock's voice dropped an octave, hinting on aggression and perhaps even desperation in his new tone of voice. John frowned, tightening his grip on his phone and trying to school his annoyance at the melodramatics. With a roll of his eyes he shifted his weight onto his left leg, his upper body shifting onto its side against the bricked wall.
He waited with bated breath for Sherlock's response, nervously thumbing the corner of his phone while listening out for any shuffling from down the hallway. It was a good sign he hadn't been kicked out yet, maybe they could work out something after all. When his phone buzzed with its reply he gave a sympathetic hum to no one in particular.
"Please, John. Before the wave becomes too strong for me to think, before it robs me of clarity." Sherlock pleaded softly, his voice barely above a whisper. "Please, look at me. See that I want this, appease your morals and then come here and do what we both know you want to. What I want you to do too."
"Astute observation, John. One might take that as permission to come in."
John uttered a soft curse, his fingers slowly detaching from the doorframe. With a few purposeful strides towards the bed his hands captured those sculpted cheeks and he stared into those eyes. A beat passed between them and Sherlock gave the slightest nod, then they came together and crashed their lips together in a scorching kiss.
This, in its own way, was Sherlock Holmes' way of distracting him. Well, he was no idiot, thank you very bloody much! Irritation coiled in his diaphragm and he inhaled deeply, counting to three.
“Are you… alright? Sherlock?”
to do with you." John couldn't resist interjecting, earning himself an irritable huff from the besuited man.
It was Monday morning, the sky splitting with splashes of pink and gold as the sun rose over the horizon. Nimbus clouds were gathering in the distance, dark against the pale blue. Already traffic was beginning to rumble in the streets, engines purring beneath steel bonnets. On the nearest street corner there was a man trying to sell his magazines, the covers adorned with big and bold lettering of striking colour.
There was the sound of the front door beneath them opening and then closing, the musician pausing for a moment. Something wicked glimmered in his eyes as he repositioned his fingers, his expression otherwise stoic as he began to play
How could he sound so casual about all of this?! How on earth could he drop a bombshell like that and expect him to be as calm as he was?
Thank you all for reading, liking, subbing, and commenting! Until next time!
“Fuck, you’re
The omega’s head lolled back and exposed the expanse of his throat in surrender to John’s relentless kisses. His fingers trailed down the alpha’s torso slowly, deliberately, committing the feeling of muscle and flesh to memory. There was a soft sigh, though from which man it was up for debate, and Sherlock raised a long leg to wrap up and over John’s hips. It was the epitome of a submissive position. "John,” he murmured, his voice as soft as silk yet so full of yearning that it tugged John’s attention from the man’s throat.
to mean equally
The groan of the stairs signalled that someone was coming up towards the flat; though judging by the way the footsteps faltered for a single moment he was correct in his guess as to who their visitor was.
to equally mean
The wait for Sherlock's response was agonising. Friendly concern, not as platonic as he perhaps would admit, kept him glued to his seat and holding his breath. It wasn't uncommon for these things to happen, a voice in the back of his mind had begun to coo in his ear. If he merely rose onto his feet, approached the door, neither of them would hold out on their instincts for long. How could they?
"Christ," he managed to say at last, the burning in his throat gone but a dryness having taken its place. Sherlock, the man he'd assumed had been a beta, was in fact an omega. He had been living with an omega all of this time without knowing.
They fell amongst the sheets together; Sherlock sprawled onto his back and John hovering over his lithe frame while their lips refused to be parted for more than a few gasps of breath. The air was thick with the detective’s honeyed scent, a warm and pleasant haze falling over the alpha while impatient hands tugged at his jumper.
Pale hands clasped the shorter male's jaw and they kissed, messily, fear churning through their guts and making them both feel sick. They had minutes, merely minutes to figure this out. Both of them knew there was a good chance they wouldn't get out in time.
"Hypocrite! Don't you mean like we were friendly for the last five years, hmm?" The alpha raised a brow, smirking as Sherlock had the decency to look embarrassed. "We got there with a little push from mother nature, I suppose they don't have that luxury." A look of mischief flickered on John's face, his whole body relaxing into his seat, the leather creaking beneath him with the shift of weight. "I suppose we'll have to do the nudging, won't we? Might keep that brother of yours out of our business."
The air thickened with their resolve and they broke apart, John's eyes locked with Sherlock's as his fingers brushed against the gold band wrapped around the other man's ring finger.
The jumper fell to the floor.
Hi guys! So, I'm aware this chapter is somewhat shorter than the rest. However, this is going to set up the next few events, so the next few chapters should be longer! Nonetheless, I hope you enjoy!
"Go!"
I am so sorry for the wait guys! The next chapters shouldn't take as long to come out! Thank you all for the feedback, bookmarks, subscriptions and kudos so far! I hope you enjoy.
There came a tap on Sherlock’s side, a signal,
Only when he had encountered Sherlock Holmes at St. Barts hospital did he realise
he thought to himself,
It was obvious to any observer, the affection Sherlock displayed for John was quite eagerly returned and the alpha had already formed quite a protective bond over Sherlock. It was hardly a surprise, given the weeks unsupervised attentions and the hormonal changes evident in both men's scents.
. John gave Sherlock no time to overthink and pressed a kiss to the weeping head of his erection, enjoying the wrecked sob it produced.
Greg ponders what to do, Sherlock delivers a warning.
A click of a belt unbuckling was followed by the scuffling of denim being shoved over narrow hips and below; a bead of slick slid down the omega’s thigh.
