By this point, Bucky and Sam had wandered into the scent store as well, still obnoxiously munching on their popcorn. They drifted over to Steve’s side.
“I don’t know if that would be me or Tony,” she mused.
It was for Tony after all. Who wouldn’t want to win his attention?
“Hi, Steve,” Tony said, laughing. “Say hi to everyone else.”
“I wanted to include this as a gift, but I couldn’t find a way to tie it to the others since it’s definitely not made by my own hands,” Steve said, holding out the box.
. Petty was practically he’s middle name.
. To eliminate half the world’s population, one town at a time, so we can save the rest. The world is full of pain, but with this bomb, I could simply snap my fingers and they would all cease to exist. I call that...mercy."
Clint sighed. “Oh boy, here we go.”
Steve only said, “Let’s go watch the magician.”
Steve asked quietly, “Do you
Their lips were locked, mouths moving with such hunger that they looked like they were about to devour each other. Steve’s hands were cupped around Tony’s cheeks, tilting his head and holding onto him, as if afraid to let go. Which was ridiculous because one of Tony’s hands were digging into Steve’s shoulder, the other clenched in Steve’s hair, so there really was no danger of Tony going anywhere.
Fortunately, Steve’s other hand was already hovering beneath Tony, predicting the accident from the way Tony couldn’t keep still. The top quarter of the plastic bag folded over and Tony tipped out straight onto Steve’s hand. Tony wriggled around until he flopped onto his back, blinking up at Steve as he leaned back against Steve’s fingers, his bright fins draped over his wrist.
That chilled Steve’s blood a little, the idea that everything would have been so drastically changed if not for Tony’s privacy being invaded that way. It was terrible that Tony’s private life was treated like that, but he could have ended up bonded with someone like Tiberius Stone instead. Something bad had happened which somehow managed to prevent something even worse.
Tony was here.
# # #
This time, when discussions were ongoing, Tony and Steve stayed in the room. Shuri was already working on the Mind stone and on Vision, with Wanda in the same room to hold Vision’s hand or something equally sappy.
“You idiot,” Rhodes said, even as he stroked Tony affectionately over his back, shifting to keep hold of Tony’s wriggling body. “How come this kind of shit always happens to you?”
Bruce nodded, looking puzzled. “And they seem to still be able to communicate. I don’t have any idea what they’re communicating to each other, but there definitely seems to be some level of understanding between them.”
The fins on Tony’s tail was spread out over Steve’s wrist so that they could still communicate.
Tony looked around the audience and took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. “I have to admit… I had a whole speech planned out. Regardless of who I chose, there was this whole spiel I had about what an amazing universe we live in, and life being worth living, how we have to keep going and moving, how we couldn’t let things get us down for good no matter how astronomically weird it gets. If we stop living, then ultimately, we’ve lost, no matter how many lives we’ve saved.” He tapped against his chest, a nervous tic he fell back to when he wasn’t sure about what he was doing.
. Tony pressed forward with intent, lips lingered against Steve’s, and the feel of Tony’s mouth against his own, soft facial hair against his skin, sent a bolt of heat through him that coalesced in the pit of his stomach. A shiver thrummed through his blood, shuddered through his bones.
Suddenly, there was a guy in front of him with a deep blue mask that had silver filigree. Steve could recognize Bucky anywhere, from his scent, from his movement, didn’t need to see his face to know who it was. And of course, because it was Bucky, he grabbed Steve’s hands and placed them in the standard dancing positions.
Well...he really had no explanation this time.
Steve made his way to the front, polite but firm as he moved through the tight press of people until he was right in front of the stage, his friends trailing behind him. No doubt someone will complain to the news that the Avengers were rude and pushy, but he couldn’t spare a single thought for that.
“Get away, quick, try to find another exit,” Steve directed the people he was in line with at the cafe. “All of you, go! Head to the back.”
The crowd went wild, the cheering and clapping reaching thunderous volumes. Tony’s charisma and showboating was working overtime, so it made sense that the crowd was reacting accordingly.
“Eh, he probably deserves some of that stress after the mad caper that he turned his own Courting Ceremony into. Pepper probably has an ulcer after the past couple weeks.”
Without any preamble, Steve swept Tony up in his arms and pressed his mouth to Tony’s. At the touch of Steve’s soft lips against his own, Tony let out a startled groan, his arms coming up to clutch around Steve’s neck as he hung on. Steve’s large hand pressed against the small of his back, pressed him closer as they kissed with ardent need.
Obediently, Steve lifted Tony up, higher and higher based on Tony’s impatient gestures. When Tony was on eye level with Steve’s face, he said,
But to Steve’s uncertain relief, Tony only kept flipping, head bowed and eyes trained on the pages.
Steve asked gently, “What happened to your godfather?”
Tony ordered imperiously.
Tony’s dark eyes widened, before he blinked once, twice. Then he looked away to the side, fidgeting with the lip of the plastic bag as he said with false nonchalance,
“Um, he likes the scent of grass?” Steve said, thinking about Tony’s green smoothies which he drank constantly and always tasted like grass to Steve.
“Can you ask if anyone of them wants to stay? I could build them a really nice big house that backs up against an entire forest, if that’s what they like,” Tony offered hopefully as they all stared across the crammed parking lot that they had directed the dragons to land on.
Everyone had to send in their gifts before the Courting Ceremony to be scanned by F.R.I.D.A.Y. for any hidden dangers. It also meant no one had to awkwardly carry around the heavier gifts with them. Steve took the large box and stepped onto stage. He could do this.
They get into the car to the sound of Clint going, “Ewwwww.”
Preen and plunge his mouth downwards again, fucking himself onto Steve’s wonderful erection. Seve cried out with pleasure, and his hips moved restlessly, trying not to thrust too much. Which was ridiculous because Tony wanted him to thrust, so he moved his hands to Steve’s hips and encouraged the motion, beckoned him forward.
Nothing he got was going to be good enough for Tony. Clothes, jewellery, decoration. There wasn’t anything Tony couldn’t buy himself and buy better. That wasn’t even including what other suitors would get him. The others would be going all out to impress him and would probably take the gifts to a whole new level of lavishness.
He had to suppress a shudder at that. No matter how gauche, he would be asking for his gifts back, if… Well, if. He would probably be too heartbroken to dwell on those sketchbooks in any case.
“I do have the shoulders. What’s in it for me? Aside from a backache.”
# # #
For some reason, Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that Tony was going away. Like Tony had to say that, because he didn’t know when he would be coming back. It was ridiculous, but the worry nagged at Steve. He imagined what he would do if he stood in the water but Tony didn’t come back. If he just stood there in the water for the rest of his life, waiting and wondering because he wouldn’t even know what happened to Tony if he never came back.
Tony grimaced and then shrugged, caught out. “An amalgamation of magic and tech is always tricky. There are risks.”
Looping an arm around Tony’s waist and drawing him closer, Steve only said, “I live in hope.”
Steve remembered Natasha saying something about a pick-me-up, but he had been hoping that Tony had a more personal objective behind the Courting Ceremony, that it wasn’t all just for show.
Finally, Steve asked a little curiously, “What are you working on now? It seems to be getting intense.”
Tony frowned. “There’s only room for one dramatic entrance, buddy, and that’s mine. I’ve told you this before.”
Steve already knew he had a comfortable amount of money saved up, but the way Tony had said it…
Coaster made the comment that there's going to be so much speculation in the news and by the public as to the content of the sketchbooks that Tony stared at for so long. Heh, too true!
That voice...it hadn’t been speaking aloud. That smooth voice had been in his head. What the hell? Steve stared wildly at the little face that looked affronted at Steve’s reaction. For some reason, a tiny merman was shocking but
“I could sell the mud-wrestling photos for a mint if I really wanted,” Tony said with a cheeky grin.
That was how Steve ended up with a clear glass on his desk with a little merman examining it from the outside. “I didn’t bring any seawater with me,” Steve said a little fretfully, realizing suddenly that Tony might not be able to cope with water from the tap, not when he came from the sea.
“Hey, no kissing allowed during the gifting ceremony,” Happy snapped out, a little too late.
Rhodes said with mischief in his voice, his dark eyes amused even through the mask’s eyeholes, “So that I can tell him that I spoke to you and I know you’re serious.”
“Like what?” Steve asked just to be irritating because it wasn’t fair that they hadn’t even started yet, had maybe just found themselves to be on the same page, but Tony was already looking at Steve like he was saying goodbye.
“Why not?” Steve asked. “We’ve seen and done stranger things in our line of work. And since everyone is out trying to find Loki as soon as possible, you’re probably not going to stay this size for long. It’s your only chance at it, if you’re interested.”
which somehow made it even more adorable.
“You can ask Rhodes. He was there,” Steve said, wiping the corner of his mouth with his napkin. “Now your turn. Tell me more about you.”
”. Together it made no sense no matter what order he put them in and he found himself pulling his eyebrows together again in confusion and chuckling. “I got about twenty percent of that but nothing to help me respond to you. However, that last part was clear as day despite my shite English. Appointments are fine and well but I’d also like to simply talk to you”—all the time? That’s certainly what he wanted to say—“whenever we can. When would you like to make your appointment for?” he asked with a laugh, grabbing one of the smaller pillows off the couch and holding it in his lap, very aware of how uncomfortably tight his trousers had become when Tony spoke Italian.
When Benni came rushing back without saying a word, Sarah and Steve were on their feet immediately and came out into the hallway, watching Tony run off to him. Sarah followed but kept her distance, staying at the top of the stairs in case she was wanted.
“So how do you feel about it? I know you wanted me and James back together.”
Tony turned to James even though he really didn’t want to. “School ends at 2.30 pm. You don’t have to go. I’m sure Steve would be glad to have you here. Benni gets home alone most of the time,” he said and saw from the corner of his eye how Sarah moved to Steve, gently holding his hand. He was okay. Pale as a ghost. But alive.
“Hopefully,” he said, scooting closer to Clint so their breath mingled and James could touch their noses together before slowly moving in for another kiss. “Don’t you dare stay awake with me.”
Tony took the piece of paper together with the reports from past weeks and carried them to Steve.
James wanted to get Clint something he could use all the time, something helpful but also something romantic. Clint often woke from nightmares and sometimes James was still in bed and sometimes not. Sometimes it took him a moment to ground himself in reality again. James felt that perhaps something he could always wear could act as a sort of token to let him know that he was back to reality, everything was fine and he’d even have the added bonus of knowing the time.
“Steve and I had a drink,” James added, taking the seat beside Clint after doing the best he could to weigh the advantages and disadvantages of sitting in Clint’s lap.
They’d realized Tony was gone too quickly for Clint’s liking. A group of men had come in and grabbed Clint, pinned him against the wall and taken turns hitting and kicking. It reminded him of when he was ambushed by Grant, Marko, and Creed outside his bar. James had come to his rescue. Not this time.
“Would you like some cookies? I’m sure
“What else could’ve gotten your knickers in a knot?”
“You never lost me, Steve.”
He scooted himself back to lean against the wall and catch his breath. Breathing was hard, his ribs hurt, and he suspected he had a few fractures. Even his back against the cold concrete wall was painful and he vaguely remembered boots being driven into his body from every angle.
Steve was surprised. He hadn’t thought Tony would want to do it after admitting to never wanting to see him again. His question was even more shocking. He hadn’t expected him to be the weapon-using type. He was about to ask Tony when he would want to start when he remembered it wouldn’t be for a little while longer. “Once your arm’s healed, we’ll start. Sound like a plan?”
He looked away, letting the bitterness fade before he responded. “Yeah,” he answered, smiling as he remembered meeting Sarah. “She just came over one day while I was at home. She’s got a key, apparently. Steve and I don’t exactly see eye to eye. Yet.” He would keep adding the ‘yet’ because deep down he did want to be Steve’s friend. But they weren’t there. Yet.
He pulled into the hospital and James had seen the familiar car pulling in from the penthouse office he at times did business in. He met them at the front door.
“You back, Cap?” Dugan asked as he walked into Steve’s office. Steve was sitting there with his coffee, looking over some paperwork. He glanced up at Dugan who was carrying two onion bagels with cream cheese and salmon.
So no, Steve wasn’t taking home the award for most surprising backstory but until now Tony had forgotten just how nice being on a date with a nice, normal person was until now.
“You did
James laughed, feeling the way his smile spread wide across his face, how it warmed him from the inside out. Only Clint did that.
As soon as they got home, Benni dashed off to his room without even greeting Sarah or Steve who both looked to Tony.
“Don’t, Stevie. You can’t make your heart change its mind.” He nodded but still.
“No. No, I don’t. I can’t. That’s... no, no. Don’t be ridiculous.” He laughed weakly and turned back to his cup of coffee. It was ridiculous.
“Guess we aren’t the only ones who hate him.” Steve turned the page he was holding over. It was a map of Queens with areas outlined in red and marked with a symbol meaning Bakuto’s name. Well, it actually said
“Oh, shit.”
Tony, who had only ever heard Clint whisper or speak softly, was surprised at how loud he could get. His eyes were fixed on the door for a minute and then another.
“I haven’t spent much time around Steve, but if he’s anything like James, you can be sure he found them,” Clint said, confident in that knowledge. “Never had it.” He sighed. “I’d give anything to see James too. Even just once. Him and Natalia. She was supposed to meet me that morning…
Steve mumbled something but James didn’t understand and then he closed his eyes, his hand going limp in James’. James squeezed it and couldn’t find a pulse.
Steve chuckled. He opened his mouth and then looked at Bruce who was still standing there.
Steve stood and followed James without another word, shooting Loki one last glare before he was out of sight and he would be lying if he said Loki’s accompanying flinch didn’t bring him at least a little enjoyment.
“He gave us something useful just then?” Dmitri asked.
Steve reached for the hand Tony put between them, covering it with his own and he thanked Tony for what he said. “It… it wasn’t always about this. I just wanted you safe. And happy. The feelings came later, much later, and I—I was never going to tell you,” he said with a sad laugh.
“Dmitri bringing some of your stew?” Clint asked. He was awake again and feeling better despite his leg. He at least felt rested for the first time in weeks and that morning he’d nearly eaten his weight in jello. Didn’t mean he wasn’t hungry again though.
Clint turned to James, wanting confirmation of that. “And you?”
“Don’t worry about him. He just needs time to warm up. He also knows to knock on doors and to wait for an answer and if you tell him to do something else, he will do that too.” Where that behavior came from was probably very obvious. Benni had learned that it was respectful and that people appreciated it, which was the reason he did it now. He liked to pretend to be an adult like the others.
“He’s… he’s getting better. Slowly. He’s been through a lot.” Seeing the way Phil reacted to his words almost made James want to down the entire bottle of whiskey on his own.
When Sarah passed by the living room, peeking in to check on them, she saw Tony and Clint both more at ease than she had in a long while. That dark cloud that loomed over them wasn’t
“Spreading from here?” She said and touched his chest right above his heart and smiled when Tony nodded. “So you
Steve just looked at him like he always did, silent, his face blank. He dragged a hand down his face, breathing out loudly through his nose. He stood and moved back around to the other side of the desk and opened a drawer. Not the one he’d opened a few days back, a lower drawer. He pulled out a piece of paper and wrote something down, sliding it into an envelope and sealing it. It was addressed to Howard.
“I know what you think—”
Steve went over to the man and looked down at him, his hands in his pockets. “You going to talk today?” he asked and the man averted his gaze. Steve swung his arm out, a sharp, controlled movement, and hit him so hard he nearly toppled over but Steve caught the chair and then wondered if he shouldn’t have just let him hit the ground.
In the morning he woke up to Benni talking to him. When he managed to open his eyes he saw that his brother was reading to him.
Tony chewed his bottom lip nervously, not liking this situation one bit. “Believe me, if I could choose another roommate, I know who I’d choose,” Tony countered, resting his forehead on his knees.
But when they did come in, they made sure to get the message across that it was time to shut up.
When he finally slowed to a stop, Tony was still panting and he gasped as Steve slid out. Steve collapsed on the bed beside him, just as out of breath and satisfied with the evening.
Tony didn’t let the beautiful decoration and interior distract him and he went down the hall to the kitchen and from there to the dining area in the back of the living room. Two men were in the living room, sitting in complete silence. It was a beautiful and warm room, expensive looking all over. Once again Tony found himself reminded of how poorly he must look. For a moment he hesitated, not knowing which table was meant but seeing as they sat there Tony moved to the desk and set the plate with sandwiches down and started unwrapping it carefully.
Steve didn’t worry much about bleeding out because suddenly all his blood was concentrated in one area and it was confusing being aroused but in so much pain at the same time. “Talk about a welcome home,” he said, his eyes dropping to sweep up and down Tony’s body and he smirked. “Come here, gorgeous.” He reached for Tony’s shirt collar, pulling him down for a deep, hot kiss. Steve winced but kept kissing him.
Tony looked up, seeing the darkness in Steve’s eyes but he couldn’t bring himself to say anything. He didn’t blame Steve but because it was just still too fresh.
Steve tapped his foot along to the song, relaxed, reaching over blindly to grab another of the biscuits his ma had brought in for him. He read for a little while but then his eyes got too tired so he gave up and put on the record, happy to just sit and not be focusing on anything for a while.
Dropped my phone
The chapters are really long from here on out. Also, I'll be providing a list of vocab with translations on any chapters using Italian, Russian, Gaelic, Irish English Slang or uncommon 1940s terms from here on out.
“Yeah, thanks for coming out, Tones, but I bet you’re really busy—”
James’ laugh bubbled out of him involuntarily. “Are you kidding me? Nothing on this planet could make me send you anywhere without me. If you stay, I stay. If you don’t, I don’t.”
“No,” he said nonchalantly, “I am not fond of being the last to know.”
“All done,” Tony replied and stole the half-eaten cracker from Steve’s hand to eat. “As soon as the papers come back we’ll be part of the family.” He still couldn’t quite believe it.
“I’m so glad you felt the need to scream at me, Banner. I’m sure whatever it is, it isn’t—Steve?”
“It’s ok,” Clint said comfortingly, “I get it. If you wanna let it out, I’m the last person who’ll judge you for it.” He looked away, feeling the surge of emotion in himself and blinking back tears. “I don’t want to die in here either.”
They turned at the sound of a familiar click to see Loki standing behind them in the hallway in his sleep clothes. Something must have tipped him off and this time he was ready. Or maybe he just didn’t sleep that well anymore. That thought brought James a lot of comfort.
Just as he decided to put his jacket back on, even though he felt grimy in it, his door opened and two men came in. Before Tony could react, everything went dark again, but this time because he was knocked out and not because of a hood over his head.
“Grand. I mean that. Really,” he said, kissing him. He backed him onto the bed, hovering over him, his right hand up Tony’s shirt grasping at his chest while he kissed him. He pulled away briefly to say, “Her only condition is that we either use a guest room down the hall or we keep the noise down.”
As Steve poured himself a cup of coffee, complimenting Tony on the breakfast, they heard the front door open and shut. Steve being who he was grabbed his knife off the table, and held it in a defensive position until he saw his mother come around the corner.
“P-p-please,” Howard begged.
“Right.”
“I can show you,” Benni said happily, reaching out with his plate for the meat that Steve sat on it. James reached across and grabbed Tony’s plate, sending it up to Steve to load with meat and other food from the dishes near him and then he placed it back in front of him again.
“Should we set the table?” James asked, looking at Tony since he was normally in charge of that job, if James remembered correctly. He pointed at himself and Steve, he wasn’t asking Tony or Clint to do any work.
“It’s nice. I have so many books now and Tony and I read them together. And there’s always someone around teaching me Gaelic. I used to think it was called ‘Garlic’ and Jones thought it was funny. And I have a second big brother now, too. That’s so grand!”
Though Sarah didn’t look at him like he was broken, Tony felt like he was. “Thank you,” he said softly feeling ashamed of his own reaction. He ate his soup slowly, the warmth of it and Sarah’s gentle presence making him even sleepier. She handed him the tablets with a glass of water and he took them. Before he knew it, he fell asleep on the couch, not even able to finish his soup.
He learned a little more about Tony as they chatted and he tried to distract him from the plan they had for later tonight. He asked what he did for Steve and he explained in vague terms, obviously protecting Steve’s privacy, which Clint respected.
He hadn’t realized just how much worry and the need to get him out of his previous situation had been dominating his mind. Most of his thoughts towards Tony were ‘protect, rescue’ and now with that no longer as much of a necessity he was finding himself more conscious of his attraction and his emotions, but he did what he’d done the last time this had happened—he squashed it. The first time it worked so well it went away entirely. He could only hope.
“Clint.”
“Calm down. He doesn’t need us to be agitated right now.” Why did James sound so much like Sarah? Steve sighed. “Did you expect it to be so sudden?” His voice was quieter now, sprinkled with worry.
Steve turned to talk to James who had been standing beside him and startled when he noticed the man was gone. So was Dmitri. There was no sign of them anywhere. There wasn’t even a car.
“Well, I can’t do much comforting if I’m the one being cuddled, can I?” This was a constant issue between them. Well, not exactly an
“No need to worry about that.” Tony lowered his voice even though no one else was there to overhear their conversation. “Steve sleeps like a rock and the others don’t hear me, so you will be fine.” He walked to the kitchen quickly, happy to have a reason to get away because he wasn’t used to talking to anyone about this ever.
“The first time I was in your gym, you were boxing with him. I wondered why,” he answered simply.
First they did Benni’s homework. He didn’t need Tony’s help and when Tony went over it, he couldn’t find a single mistake, which filled him with even more pride.
When Tony and Benni came back, Sarah declined her pudding cup and stood, going into the hall and asking one of the guards to take her to James. He of course agreed and began walking her towards the private elevators at the end of the hall. Dmitri who was on his way to provide an update for James, dismissed the other man and took her up himself.
, is for you to be safe so we can have all the time in the world.”
to go to school first.
A quiet whimper escaped him and he buried his face further against James for safety but also out of embarrassment. James didn’t say anything, he only continued to hold Clint tightly. Clint couldn’t even find it in himself to be grateful for this man because he was just so embarrassed and overwhelmed by everything else he was feeling.
“We know the name. What does he want?” Steve asked, leaning forward and Loki winced.
“So you’re just giving me these and telling me you have business to take care of?” Tony put the papers down and walked over to press a very loving kiss on his lips. “Better make it a quick call and come home to me soon, okay?” He combed through Steve’s hair and pressed another kiss on his forehead.
“It’s almost like you
.” He slid down into the bed, reaching over to the IV drip to give himself a little more morphine. He could admit that it hurt just a little. It didn’t take long for the painkillers to start to kick in and his alertness to go as he slowly started to fall asleep. “My Tony,” he said, smiling as he drifted off.
had he even done something wrong already?
“Ma…”
needed to hear were those three words. Seeing James’ tear-stained cheeks had been surprising. He hadn’t even heard him crying and when he finally got a look at his face, he almost regretted sharing what he had but he knew James had been patiently waiting long enough. He must have figured that what Clint had to tell would not be particularly pleasant.
“Sorry to hear he passed.”
nice being around Tony who understood.
They made it safely, surprised. They’d been exposed and it was nearing evening. It would've been a perfect time for an ambush but they counted their blessings instead and headed home.
Clint watched them. It was sweet the way Tony melted into Steve’s embrace. Although, as sweet as the moment was, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Steve didn’t really want him there. It had been bothering him the entire time and it felt even more prominent now, so Clint just shook his head. “No, but thanks. Go get some rest. Lucky’ll keep me company.”
Clint deflated some, trying not to be completely rude and turn away from her but he could have done with a visit from Tony today. That might have been nice. He was still happy to see Sarah though.
but it hadn’t yet dawned on him that he and James hadn’t been so carefree in one another’s company in such a long time—able to simply split a bottle or two between themselves, drink too much, laugh at things that weren’t funny. It was nice.
One night, when it was especially cold, Tony gave Peter all the blankets and kept him warm in his arms, while trying to think of any way he could to make things better for his brother. Every night he counted every cent he had saved up, calculating carefully how long he could keep things going like that and it wasn’t very long.
Steve chuckled. “Don’t worry about it, she was just happy you got some more rest.” Steve stood, the chair hurting his back, and he moved to lean against the wall. Again, slightly on purpose to put more distance between him and Tony.
As if she knew she was being thought about, Sarah appeared at the door, knocking lightly and coming in with a glass of water and two pain tablets. She also had soup—traditional Irish leek and potato, one of her best dishes. Just the smell of it had Steve’s mouth watering.
“Oh, I, um,” Tony says. “I was confused because I thought you were going with Sharon.”
“I mean, no,” Steve explains slowly, like Tony was a five-year old. But it just didn’t make
Tony just coughs, every single muscle in his body frozen still. He can’t move, can barely breathe.
“Alright,” Steve raises an eyebrow and takes another large sip of alcohol from the mug. “I was talking to Bucky earlier today. He and Nat are hosting a little festival in the square, yeah.”
Tony didn’t get jealous. He just didn’t. He hadn’t been jealous when Pepper had been talking to the Killian fella, he hadn’t been jealous when Steve and Bucky had hung out together more often than he would have liked, hadn’t been jealous when Thor had come to town and stayed with Bruce.
“Last night!” Tony says fiercely. “You said ‘I talked to her about it and she said “Yes, I should take-”.”
The next day Tony opened the store and started working despite the swelling in his face and the pain that was numbing everything else. For the first time ever he heard Pepper gasp when she saw him and he felt sorry that she had to see him like that to begin with.
Steve grabbed a chocolate-filled croissant and then went jogging off after Rhodey and Tony.
“Since Sarah is taking care of Benni more than I do, we’re more brothers and we argue a lot more. It’s… something new.” Only Nella and Tony had ever fought often, though still they had each other’s backs. “I wouldn’t be surprised if Benni tried to steal Lucky.”
There wasn’t anything Tony wouldn’t do to help Steve and yet it felt like he wasn’t doing enough. And maybe Steve really thought Tony wasn’t noticing how he never turned a single page in his book, or how he stared blankly at walls, or how frustrated he got when he had to use the bathroom, needed some cleaning or changing of bandages and his gown.
“Of course I do or did you miss the part where I said if they’re coming after me, they’re coming after you?”
public knowledge; there was just no one stupid enough to risk trying anything. And while Steve was not thought to be an easy or merciful target, he had his mother to worry about. Her alone, no one would dare go after her to get to him—too risky to fail and incur Steve
“Every time Clint so much as winces… I can’t help but feel like I personally put those wounds on his body. It’s my fault they’re there and—“
“That’s… a very interesting way to have your first kiss,” he chuckled and made himself comfortable again. “I’m surprised he didn’t accidentally stab you.”
Steve thought for a second about the last night he’d slept more than three hours and simply shook his head. He was exhausted in mind and body but he couldn’t sleep. When he tried, the guilt threatened to eat him alive. Every time he closed his eyes he saw James’ face saying ‘all past tense.’ It had been soul crushingly sad. Steve closed his eyes, flinching at the strong emotion.
James but there must be something he really wants from James alone because they only took me.
That day. Tony nodded and leaned back. There was a question burning on the tip of his tongue.
He slid a leg in between Tony’s and spread them slightly, improving his stance. He leaned forward, pushing Tony forward with his chest. “A forward lean will help you manage recoil,” he explained. “Grip the handle as hard as you can but not so much that it hurts, it’ll reduce the movement of your non-trigger fingers.” Steve was incredibly thorough in his explanation because the last thing he wanted was for Tony to injure himself now or in the future due to Steve’s lack of clear instructions.
Afterwards he insisted on helping with the dishes and Sarah eventually accepted on the condition that he take another pain tablet. It seemed like an unfair deal but Tony nodded and she told James and Steve to get lost and take the little one with them to play. Tony watched them go and smiled softly. They looked so different here.
“I promise I’ll hurry. You know they will move everything between heaven and earth to get you,” he said, squeezing Clint’s hand. “Sorry if that’s not an English saying. I still mix up Italian with English sometimes.” Why was he feeling so nervous? Was it because he was scared to fail? “Let’s try to sleep.”
“Sharon Carter?” Sam looks at him. “No clue. But now that you mention it… he
“Sounds like me,” Tony says, and takes another swig out of the mug. “I’ll be there.”
“Where is he now?” Tony’s shooting question after question. He’s surprised Sam hasn’t picked up the hint yet. Or maybe he had. And didn’t care.
One doesn’t come. Steve opens and closes his mouth, shocked. Tony smirks. And then-
“Er-” Tony stutters, which is very abnormal for Tony. “Yes. Right. You were going to take her to the square to dance tonight?”
Why should he care if Steve goes to the dance with Sharon? Sharon was a fine lady, a good partner for anyone. A good wife. Maybe one day even a good mother-
“Something about their wedding, I hear,” Tony says. He hadn’t been paying attention either. “Apparently it’s their one or two year anniversary or something.”
“Steven Rogers,” he says. “I want to dance with you right here.” He removes his hand from the sheriff’s mouth and waits for a response.
“Dunno,” Sam shrugs. “Wouldn’t tell.” At Tony’s confused stare, he continues. “Well, he didn’t go home, he came around my place instead. Went straight up to the attic and stayed there. Tried to convince him to come out. Wouldn’t do it.”
“I don’t know about dancing,” says Tony. “But Natasha dragged me out here and you know how she is. You can’t refuse if you value your life.”
“You can’t dance without a partner, now, can you?” Tony says quietly, avoiding Steve’s gaze because he knows that they’re both thinking about last night. “How come you’re out here?”
“Tony!” Steve’s calls are loud, despite the distance between them. “Stark,
“Are you sure you should be drinking, Tony?” Steve looks at him over the brim of his mug, filled to the top with beer.
He actually does end up talking to Carol, who shoots him a glare like she does with everyone. “Stark,” she says, frowning, and then smiles playfully. “What’s got your knickers in a twist?”
“Mr. Stark?” he asks, putting the gun back in its holster. Tony takes a step closer. “Aren’t you supposed to be in the square?”
Sam nods. “You come with anyone?”
“Oh, were you?” Tony frowns and turns away, trying to ignore that nagging feeling in the pit of his stomach, growing and changing and eating him.
Tony turns into a side street and hides himself in the shadows, ducking behind a stack of old, rotted barrels. It smells terrible. Out in the street, he can hear the Sheriff calling for him. He doesn’t respond.
“I ain’t
Sam nods, eyeing Nat Barnes in the corner, talking to her husband. “Why are they throwing this, anyway?”
It’s not a slow beat, but they sway to it anyway.
“Wilson,” he says, announcing himself to the darker man, who looks up in surprise.
“You know, Sharon visited the Barton Clan yesterday?”
“No- why are you laughing?” Tony marches up to him. “Stop- no- wh-
Something tells Tony that he should probably go out and tell Steve he’s alright, but the petty side of him tells him to stay where he is. He decides to listen to the latter.
!” He feels his cheeks grow warm; he pouts and looks at the ground.
Tony thinks about it for a moment. “Yeah.”
“What?”
Natasha Barnes practically drags him down to the dance the next evening. Tony doesn’t want to go anymore, but he’s too afraid of Mrs. Barnes to refuse. So in the end, Tony ends up being forced to put on his best hat and head outside. The square is decorated a little, with a horse standing in the corner. Tony wonders whose it is. There’s food, at least, that Tony can spend his night eating. Not dancing. You couldn’t dance without a partner.
“I’m gonna go talk to Danvers for a minute,” Tony says lamely and excuses himself. Sam tips his hat in reply.
“He’s seeing Sharon Carter, right?” Tony blurts it out before he even realizes that the words are falling off his tongue. He hadn’t even
“Yeah, I talked to her about it, and she said ‘yes, I should take-’” He’s cut off by the loud slam of Tony’s palms hitting the wooden bar. Tony lifts himself up off the barstool and storms out, ignoring Steve’s protests behind him. He slams the bar door behind him, and for a moment, everything is silent. Then the building erupts into drunken chaos again.
“I thought you two’d share everything,” Tony mutters into his glass, and immediately regrets it because Steve shoots him a confused look.
The kiss softens, Tony now leading it. It’s slow and loving and truly
More and more people arrive. Tony doesn’t see Steve or Sharon among them.
“Yeah,” says Sam, looking at Bucky dragging Natasha out to dance. “Well, he screamed for an hour, maybe, until Carol told him to shut his cock holster. You know how she is.”
“Why don’t you go ask literally any of the women in this town? They’d say yes in a heartbeat and you know it,” Sam says, purposefully looking at May Parker, who was talking in a hushed tone to Peter Parker, her nephew.
Tony approaches quietly, knowing full well that when Sheriff Rogers was irritated it was best not to bother him. But he was Tony Stark, and bothering people was what he was best at.
on the wooden table.
Tony smirks again. “Yep, right here?”
Tony backs away towards his house.
, the voice in his head tells him.
Maybe he had been jealous.
“What?”
before he said it.
“Oh?” Tony lowers his glass and puts it down. It lands with a
“Really?” Tony raises an eyebrow because he had only endured one hour of screaming before everything had gone quiet.
“Oh,” Tony says, a little faint. “Is he coming today?”
“Where are you going?” she asks, eyebrows raised in a disapproving frown.
“Uh, nothing,” says Tony, but Carol -unfortunately- sees right through him.
“Swell,” Sharon says, and gets up, smoothing out her skirts. “Well, you two have fun.”
“I told you, I’m fine.” Steve looks as if he wants to pursue the subject more, but Tony silences him with a look. This wasn’t what he wanted to come here tonight for. Steve drops the subject.
“So you were jealous.”
Tony finds his voice again, raspy and low in his throat. “I do not want to dance at the square with you,” he says.
He doesn’t see Steve at first, but the sheriff’s muscular form starts to appear, blonde hair glowing white under the moonlit sky. There are no clouds out tonight, just the ever-bright orb hanging in the sky lazily. Steve Rogers is holding a gun, not firing at anything in particular; actually, he’s not firing at all. He has it pointed towards the distance, towards the Timely dam where the river was blocked.
The bar is crowded during the nighttime, despite Timely’s small population. Sam Wilson sits on a stool a good few feet away from them, drinking beer from a large mug. He’s talking to the bartender. Tony takes a seat next to him, leaving a few feet of distance. Rogers sits on the other side. Tony buys them both a drink.
“Stark?” Steve’s still standing in the middle of Main Street, from what Tony can tell. Darkness encircles him, except for the small light burning steadfastly from the Danvers’ window. “Tony!”
,” Tony says, blinking quickly. Then he frowns, confused once again. “Well then, who were you gonna take to the festival? Nat and Barnes would never let you show up by yourself.”
“You did,” Tony says, holding up his hands.
“And why is that?” Tony asks, wrier than he meant to say it.
Steve looked to Sharon, which pissed Tony off tremendously. “Of course we are, Tony,” said Steve, smiling. “I’ve gotta go for now, Shar. We can catch up tomorrow, yeah?”
Tony frowns at Wilson. “No, definitely not,” he says, almost laughing at the ridiculousness of the idea of him and Sam dancing together. “I was just saying that it’d be fun if I had come with a date.”
He still wasn’t jealous.
. He’s doubled over, laughing himself half to death. Tony feels the need to kick him.
Realization dawns over Steve’s face. Then he grins. Tony doesn’t understand why. This was not a time to grin. Their current situation was not a grinning matter.
“‘M sorry,” says Steve, covering his mouth to muffle a giggle. Which Tony had never heard before. It was nice. “It’s just that- you thought that Sharon and I- no!”
. “No, I am not seeing Sharon Carter in any romantic way. I am not interested in Sharon Carter in any romantic way. I do not love Sharon Carter in any romantic way.”
Tony’s not even sure where he’s going; just far, far away from Rogers. He knew that.
He still wasn’t jealous.
They revolve around one spot in the prairie, the grasses tickling Tony’s exposed ankles and the wind hitting his face softly. The moon rises higher in the sky until it’s over their heads, and the celebration has long since ended but Tony doesn’t care much. Scott’s horrendous fiddle playing ends with a scream and laughs from the town, but Tony doesn’t give any thought to it. The hills in the distance are black silhouettes against the dark sky, which twinkles with the faint light of distant stars. And there, Tony realizes something.
There weren’t many people here yet; the square was empty except for Fury, who stood in the corner and didn’t move a muscle to Scott’s fiddle-playing, and Sam, who sat by the food quietly. His foot was at least tapping along to the music. Tony decided to go join the latter; they might be better company, at least.
Oh. I- um. Okay. I- alrighty then.”
“Nat told us,” Steve chides, frowning. “You weren’t listening.”
Tony smirks as Steve runs off ahead of him.
“I can hear Scott’s fiddle-playing just fine,” Tony laughs. “It’s god-awful, ain’t it?”
Steve is
, Sheriff of Timely, just said that he loved Tony? Steve Rogers, the golden boy of the town, in love with Tony Stark, the resident drunk rich white man?
“I don’t feel like going with just anyone,” Tony says, although it doesn’t make a lot of sense. He was this town’s most eligible bachelor, despite his -slight- drinking problem. But this dance felt special. Different.
“Is he still up there?” Tony glances in the direction of Sam’s house, at the flickering and dying candle in the top window.
“I don’t think they’re seeing each other,” Sam tries, but it’s too late. That same feeling he had felt last night was bubbling up in his stomach again. Tony hated it. He hated it so much. It felt
“So why’d you run off like that last night?” Steve asks into his ear, head resting on Tony’s shoulder.
“Don’t try to play dumb, Stark,” Sam smiles a little. “All of Timely saw or heard your fit last night. You know he was out there for two hours looking for you?”
“She just mentioned that she visited Clint,” Steve was one of the only people in town to call Barton by his first name. “I dunno why. Haven’t asked.”
“Hello?”
Without warning Steve started playing the melody with his right hand. Tony was so focused on his own notes and staying in the right rhythm, he didn’t even try to recognize the song. Just when he thought that he had the hang of it and he could try and identify what Steve was playing, his fingers slipped and he played the wrong note. Immediately his hands started trembling and he froze in place.
“What’s—”
“I feel like I’m repeating myself,” Steve said, raising an eyebrow. “I’m not asking anything from you. I like you, Tony.”
Clint looked at James and frowned. “I invited him but Dmitri hates getting dressed up. He said he would rather eat at home with Lucky,” James said when Clint looked offended, as if James had not invited him along.
“Well, amazingly I can do both because I had a great time, Steve. Really. I know the way we met probably leads you to think I need more to enjoy myself but I told you—it’s about the company.”
“Don’t be daft,” Steve said and James’ lips quirked up into a smile. “It’s been nice having you so close.” He dropped a hand onto James’ shoulder and gave it a squeeze.
“Yes,
“A fella I was with. Months ago. Brock Rumlow. He’d been a little hard to shake. Started sending letters a while back. Mostly trying to win me over and then they were threatening. To expose me. Tell everyone. I… we don’t have to worry about him anymore but I think he may have spread the word to a few lower levels,” he explained.
It was a brothel, a clean brothel, but a brothel. Run and owned by none other than James Romanov himself.
“Here’re your pies,” the guy said, handing Steve the three pizza boxes. Sam gave him the money and then he handed Sam another box full of garlic knots.
Alexei, one of Dmitri’s men, was also at the bar. After Vitaly, he was Dmitri’s most trusted therefore James had assigned him to be Clint’s shadow whenever he wasn’t home and Natalia wasn’t available. Clint had yet to say anything about it but James was certain he had noticed. There was very little he didn’t notice.
. He could hear his father’s voice spitting those words at him like acid as he brought a belt down across Clint’s back.
Tony wasn’t sure whether the proximity to Steve’s house was a good thing or a bad thing. On the one hand, there was no fussing with taxis or the subway or worrying about getting lost but on the other hand, he wouldn’t have minded a few extra minutes to himself to gather his thoughts and psych himself up.
“Cap,” Dugan said, opening the door for Tony, a tray in his hands with the lunch he had prepared on it.
“You’ve never been the quiet one. That was always Steve,” she said. Dmitri left them alone. James turned, his face blank.
Vkusnye - (Russian) delicious
Now, as Tony wrapped an arm around him and they walked to the bathroom, Steve was angry and frustrated with himself for being so helpless. Rationally he knew he needed help so he could heal faster but Steve Rogers was not a man known for his rationality.
much,” James said and dammit if his voice didn’t break a little. Clint did things to him that no one else had, made him feel things no one else ever could. Of course he would be heartbroken if anything happened to Steve or Dmitri but if anything happened to Clint? “So, so much.”
Bakuto seemed to wake up at Steve’s words, lifting his head with visible difficulty. They fed him the bare minimum to keep him alive, giving him the bare minimum to drink. James had directed his men to come by randomly every few hours to bang on the door and disrupt his sleep, even tossing a cup of water over him should the mood hit. They wanted him as miserable as was humanly possible and then some.
Tony, and he was just happy to have him back. “I’m never letting you out of my sight again. Not for a second. Get used to having an extra shadow.”
Clint let out a quiet laugh. “Actually, I have been. Sharing, I mean. Little bits here and there.” Natalia raised her eyebrows in surprise. “Yeah… it’s not so bad. He’s a good listener.”
“Sometimes. Does it usually come with feeling like you can’t breathe?”
Natalia hummed in agreement, nodding her head. Dmitri had made his way to the other end of the bar at some point and managed to wedge himself in between Sam Wilson and another man James did not recognize but with whom Dmitri seemed quite comfortable.
Dugan got out of the car and headed inside, going straight for the booth where they had been and freezing when he saw that it was empty. He turned around, looking for them, looking for Natalia’s deep red hair but he didn’t see either of them.
One after another, Tony carefully folded the cloths covering the dining table and chairs and carried them outside to shake the dust off. His next priority was to light a fire to warm the place. These were things he was good at, things he didn’t need to think about. Somewhere in the corner of his mind he knew that Steve wasn’t there but maybe he was tired and needed to rest. Until he was ready to come back down, Tony would take care of everything he could do by himself.
“Let’s go home,
“No.”
kill you?” Tony whisper-yelled. It wasn’t comforting that they really wanted something from James and therefore from Clint. Whatever happened to Clint affected Tony just as much. “Shouldn’t you be the one running if it is you they want? You’re faster and stronger.”
“I can do only one of those things,” Tony answered and got back up again. “Fair enough. Let me catch that stubborn beast first.” The idea of going out scared Tony. Steve had said that Howard was in a prison ‘of sorts’. But would he be released soon? Would he look for Tony and his brother? Would he find them? Why did they have to go out where they risked being seen and recognized?
Dmitri gave them all plates, James setting up the tray table for Steve and while he truly hated being the only one in a bed, he dealt with it when James gave him a knowing look. Steve jerked his head towards the hallway, raising his eyebrows like his mother did. “Tell you another time,” James said.
“I love ‘em. Dmitri and I convinced James and now we have a puppy. His name is Lucky. He’s a sweetheart, I promise,” Clint said, pinching off a piece of the spam and popping it into his mouth.
Tony leaned against the counter and shook his head. After a moment of silence he added, “It’s none of my business, so I chose not to say anything.” He couldn’t look at her, scared he might have overstayed his welcome, crossed some lines. It would be only fair, given everything he knew.
“Yeah but take your own advice, pal. Your hands are cut up,” Clint said softly. “I’ll be down in a minute anyway. I’ll help you cook or at least keep you company with some more stories.” He turned his head to look at James who was still holding him. “You have to work today, right?”
When the door shut Steve leaned back and exhaled, running a hand over his hair. He looked up at Tony who still stood beside him and his frown melted away after a second.
“Hey, Tony. It’s Steve.”
,” Tony said and got up, putting his dishes in the sink and filling it with water. She smiled at him and fixed Tony’s hair and kissed him on his temple. Steve came back and nodded.
Clint turned to James who opened the door for him and helped him down the front steps.
Tony almost sighed when Steve flinched and tensed even more. That was the opposite of what he wanted to achieve.
Whatever was happening he was angry and there were little specks of blood on one of his bandages and it hurt, it really, really hurt. That only made him angrier, the morphine still running high in his system. He looked up at Tony, his face hard and closed off, his eyes cold. “Get out. Leave me alone.”
for a bit? Give her the strawberries we got for her?” Benni remained silent, his eyes dark and sad. “
Together they got dressed in their casual clothes before going to the kitchen. Sarah had outdone herself, offering up pancakes, eggs, bacon, and fresh rolls.
Steve’s eyebrows shot up. “More than one?”
“Thank you,” Tony said, now looking away again. He didn’t know what else to say, how to describe what he was feeling, what Steve’s words did to him. How his words shifted something inside of him.
“Really? I like routine. Maybe something new every now and then but not too much.” Tony paused. “My father was a drinker. Never liked what it did to him, the smell or the taste. Sherry is the only thing I’ll sip on.”
Sarah addressed one of the men outside the house to drive them to the hospital. Tony held onto her hand during the drive there. She was trembling and muttering words under her breath. If Sarah Rogers was truly praying, Tony thought, it didn’t look good. But it had to. Because Steve promised. Everything would be fine.
Memories of coming home after the war combined with being in a dark, cold room with no clue where he was, what time it was, or if someone was coming was not putting Clint in a good place. Around day three—he was counting days by sleeps which were only about two hours anyway so it wasn’t the best measurement method—the men started visiting and Clint never had any warning.
Just when he opened the door to go downstairs and do the chores for her, Steve came up the stairs together with Sarah. He looked more miserable than before and still managed to give Tony a quiet “Good night.” Again he reminded himself that it wasn’t his place to ask what might have happened. There was nothing he could do for him.
Tony swallowed as he clenched his hand around the money and nodded. “Thank you, Mr Rogers, sir.” He slowly backed away, wanting to leave, the money still tightly held in his hand.
still breathing. Love, I’m here for you, always here for you, you know that.” He pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead, lingering for a moment, closing his eyes. When he pulled away he sighed again and said, “But there are things I have to work through. Just like you.”
Steve would like to get it engraved. Perhaps with something in Italian or even Irish. He wasn’t sure what yet. Maybe he could do the engraving at another time and give him the ring for now. Maybe the engraving could be a bonus because he loved this ring and wanted to be able to give it to Tony on their trip.
“Some kid who works for me.
He rolled his head and moaned, turning his head to give Steve better access to his neck.
“The kid told me to pass on his thanks.” Steve nodded. It didn’t mean anything. There was no way to measure sincerity with those words because who wouldn’t tell Steve Rogers thank you? “Also, you have a visitor.”
“Oh, the best,” Tony agreed quickly.
“Not if he keeps to what we’re teaching him,” Jones said and laughed when Tony looked at him in shock. Tony didn’t know a whole lot about card games and wouldn’t recognize the game anyways, so he just hoped the men were joking.
Steve smiled. It was small but genuine and Sarah almost cheered. She hadn’t seen a smile on his face in weeks. “Me? Old? You know…” he trailed off, reaching for James’ head and then slowly gripping one strand of hair and tugging it out. He widened his eyes comically, the joy of possibly holding Tony in his arms tomorrow night was like electricity circulating through his body, energizing every cell. “Is this a grey hair?”
When Steve finally woke up, he remained still as a statue. He didn’t want to wake Tony just yet. He wanted to watch him sleep, live for a bit in this miracle that was Tony asleep in his arms, in love with him and happy about it.
Have it off (1937 English slang for have sex)
“Very. And I’m not sure I like it.” Steve nodded. “So… how?”
“You disgusting freak of nature,” the boy said.
“Always.”
One night it was especially bad. So bad, he decided to walk around in the darkness, hoping that would make it easier for him to find rest again. It was then that he heard the piano. At first he thought that this was it. He was finally going mad, hearing things that weren’t there, but the music continued steadily. Tony followed it to its source and was surprised to find himself in front of the study. Gently he opened the door and closed it right behind him, not wanting to wake Benni or Sarah. He rested against the door with his back and listened to the music.
As he gently rubbed in the lotion on Clint’s thighs, he dropped to his knees, smiling up at Clint who was already on cloud nine after that bath, massage, and hair wash.
Tony felt like the doctor was slowly stabbing a knife into his chest with every nanosecond that passed between his last word and his next.
Also, this chapter is 100% winterhawk. There’s no Stony in this chapter in case that first sentence wasn’t clear enough.
. “I’d say I’ve read about sixty-percent. It’s a good way to work through stress,” he added. He stayed where he was across the room, not wanting to smother him, his hands on his belt now.
“It already did,” Clint responded quietly and when James blinked, he felt a tear streak down his face. He hated having failed him.
Things got a little easier between the four of them after that, a flow was developed. Steve and Clint could be left in a room together without there being this unspoken tension. They even found that they had things in common and, when it was just the two of them, they would reminisce on the better parts of being in the war. There was only one or two but they existed and it helped both of them to gain strength over the nightmares and other nasty side effects of the war that they had brought home.
Tony took Steve’s hand into his and pressed a kiss on the back of it. “If it is that important, he will come to you and talk to you about it. What’s done is done. Are you hungry?”
“I’ve heard about you too. Not enough to recognize you apparently.” He let out a soft laugh that hurt his ribs, giving Tony a thumbs up. “Dandy. You?”
“Depends. You two seem to be creating quite the friendship.” Steve made a noise of annoyance. “What? Still hoping for more?”
Tony followed slowly and silently, taking in everything he saw. The other basement was simply beautiful and there was more to do down there than he could believe. How he wanted to check the bookshelf and see what he could read. Not wanting to be rude, he followed him upstairs, having to take breaks in between to catch his breath and let the pain pass before continuing.
“So here’s my thinking,” Clint said, lowering his voice even more and not fighting any of Tony’s worries because they were justified. “They haven’t come to get you yet. I think this man wants something from Steve
“I’m not so sure I’ll be able to honor that promise not to kill the son of a bitch,” Steve said through gritted teeth.
Steve watched, his expression pained. His mind kept going to Tony, wondering where he was in all of this and if he was alright. He wondered if he would get a phone call next but for now he watched how hurt James looked and sounded.
With half the orange in his mouth he leaned in to kiss Steve. At first it was a small kiss but before he could pull away Steve was already holding him in place to deepen the kiss hungrily. Tony gave in and kissed him back just the same. The longing, the relief, the confidence—it all mixed together and he poured it all into the kiss.
Clint ate most of the food each day, knowing that if they were going to poison him they would have done so by now. He rarely slept, trying during the day to reach the tiny window located high up on the wall in his room and at night he sat by the door, his head pressed to it to feel for any kind of movement.
James’ hands were gentle over bruises and cuts that were still healing but rough and skilled on sore muscles and stress knots. Clint had accumulated a lot of those in the last few weeks.
“Oh, I like sweet. Even better would be something with coffee in it. Really strong coffee and some of Sarah’s grilled cheese sandwiches.” Tony hummed and rubbed his stomach, desperate for something to eat that had actual flavor.
“I know a guy who owns a hospital,” Steve said, smiling now too. “Think he has an ambulance to spare?”
“One for me too, please,” Steve said, winking at Tony when he looked over. “This is for you,” he told him as he sat down at the kitchen table and put the piece of paper onto the table. “James called, gave me the number for their place though they won’t be there for another week or two I think. Clint said just in case you wanted to call.”
in trouble. Someone was trying to hurt James
Clint looked at Tony quickly, taking in his posture and facial expressions. He had probably missed Steve as much as Clint had missed James. Even when they were stuck together, the only topic that calmed Tony seemed to be Steve.
So far nothing had screamed Tony to him but he was still looking and he knew of a few places in and around Belfast that he could also check if he found nothing in New York. He was determined to find the right one though and nothing could stop Steve Rogers from accomplishing whatever he put his mind to.
“He’s asleep. There’s no reason for you to stay,” Tony said and went back inside the room.
“So what did I miss?” He asked, looking at each of them in turn, not bothered by who decided to answer him.
“How did you peg these ones then?”
“Steven Grant Rogers, if you try to leave this bed, I’ll put you right back in one,” she threatened and he stayed down, his eyes on Tony now.
Clint wondered how that had come up in conversation but he didn’t ask about it. “No, that was the second time. The first time, I came home and he was there with James.” Clint paused to yawn and gather his thoughts. He knew Tony was young but not that young. Wow. “I own a bar. Was gonna invite you for drinks after all of this.”
yeah, I’m free Friday evening. You?
“It’s so lovely to see you all together,” Sarah said, a warm smile on her face. She had suggested Clint and James stay so that he and Tony could help one another, but she was also just tired of the people she cared for being hurt and so far away. She just wanted a period of peace and closeness with her family.
“Hey, buddy,” Clint said, rubbing Lucky’s back with his foot and then falling back into their comfortable silence.
“No, no… it’s just… I… you did all this on your own?”
The drive was a silent one and oddly enough, Tony didn’t feel nervous or anxious. Neither did he really look forward to it, which was just as odd. Soon Tony found himself in front of the hospital he was treated in. It made sense to keep someone locked in plain sight and Tony was impressed by their way of thinking. They entered through one of the backdoors and took an elevator to the fifth floor. A few men were scattered along the corridor of the floor and they all nodded when they saw Steve and James but they didn’t acknowledge them on their way to the back.
“Sam’s diner. You’ve been there, Meech, you can vouch for it,” Clint said, remembering that morning when he and Natasha had gone there to eat only to be ambushed by Steve. Dmitri had been there too, seemed pretty chummy with Sam, so he assumed it was not his first time either.
Tony put the whisk down and pulled Steve down to him without bothering to answer his question. He needed to kiss him, to feel him close. Only when he felt the urge to breathe did he break the kiss.
Clint snorted, eating the treat. “As if I know which way East is.” James chuckled and Clint turned to catch his smile, but also caught a glimpse of how tired James looked behind it before James could mask it. He’d ask about that later. “Do we have a nice room with a view?”
get upset? She will protect you. And so will I. And Steve.” Tony pulled away from the hug and dried Benni’s face with the sleeve of his sweater. Not unlike Tony, Benni cried in silence most of the time but that didn’t mean that Tony didn’t notice.
Tony was running his hands under warm water, trying to see if anything was in the cuts. “Is Clint okay? I didn’t want to drop blood anywhere.” He carefully dabbed his hands dry and looked for the rubbing alcohol. Luckily—but also unfortunately—they always had enough gauze and padding for wounds.
The phone rang and Natalia answered since she was closest to the phone. She didn’t speak, not wanting to even let Bakuto know she existed and was involved if she could help it. The more they kept under the radar, the better.
Tony sat down on the couch and looked at Steve. How did he start talking about what was bothering him?
“He won’t. Because he can’t. There is no way for him, I promise you that, Benni.”
“James,” Steve said quietly though the firmness had not faded. “I was still recovering when you found out about Bakuto and Laufeyson and you didn’t know exactly what you were up against. I never should have let Tony out without me either. But Clint
loved crime stories and police stories too.” The memory of his own mother made him sigh softly. She would have loved this house and everything—and everyone—in it. “I read whatever she wanted me to read. After Nella died that stopped.
room cold and sore, completely clueless as to where he was or even how long he had been out. Not to mention the fact that he knew his one remaining hearing aid only had another two days of battery life remaining, if that, and then he would be plunged into total silence.
Rhodey did his best not to laugh and failed, shaking his head. “Well, if you must know, he’s currently
“He’s not, sir,” Pepper said and told Tony she would take care of the kitchen and any customers that came in over lunch. She gave him a cup of coffee and he sat down across the table from Mr Rogers.
James let out a soft, humorless snort. “If they are, hell of a way to meet.”
Steve waited, completely silent, hoping Falsworth would assume he’d bled out or was otherwise too injured to respond or move. He counted to twenty and then kicked open the other door, closing an eye as he aimed up at the window and he heard a yelp. The gun moved out of the window. He wasn’t sure what he had hit exactly but it was good enough that he could get out of the car.
“No, sadly we have to have meat and vegetables for dinner but we can have more cookies for dessert,” Sarah compromised. She didn’t mind spoiling him and ruining his appetite today. He needed it.
“Thank you, Timothy,” she told Dugan, no friend of nicknames or last names as a means of addressing someone. She gave Steve a loving smile. “I heard you’ve been having a few tough ones, pet,” she said and she barely made it another three steps before Steve was kissing her cheek and pulling her into a hug.
do for a living? Perhaps it’s time you invest in some mirrors,” Bakuto said.
While he slowly ate his potato, Tony thought about it. Was there anything they
but something that Clint constantly had to remind James of. “Come on, time to be the little spoon, Romanov, you don’t scare me, pal.”
“I wouldn’t mind you helping me up,” Clint said and Steve grabbed his hand to pull him up and steady him, putting most of his weight on his good foot.
me.” He pressed his forehead against Steve’s. “You’re all I want.”
Steve sighed, quick and deep and nervous. “Okay,” he said, grabbing Tony’s face as gently as possible, having imagined this moment over and over and over in his daydreams. He tilted his face up and closed his eyes as he caught Tony’s lips in a kiss. Steve sighed into it like he was dying and Tony’s lips were the cure.
James sat outside the room listening to Tony pace and move around. He didn’t bother looking up when Tony left and came back with coffee, he had nothing to say to him so why bother? He just kept reading his book on American Sign Language and worrying about Steve.
“It surely rules Fisk out,” Steve said and Natalia turned to him despite still not really liking him. “He’s not just a big whiny bitch, he’s also a racist. Besides, apart from Madame Gao who, last I checked, actually
“Hello, my lovelies,” Sarah said and Clint did turn to look at her, offering her the best smile that he could manage and she returned it, coming over to sit on the side of the bed. Clint sat up a little more, craning his neck to see behind her but the door was closed. Sarah frowned slightly, a hand on his ankle. “He wasn’t quite up for a visit today.”
He scoffed even though Pepper was right. He could live a somewhat normal life. If normal was working for a mob boss and laundering his money and keeping his accounts. Not that he was bothered by Steve’s occupation. He was a fair man who kept his word and stood up for others. Dugan, Falsworth and Jones wouldn’t shut up about how amazing Steve was as their leader in war and in their lives now.
Tony would continue to be careful but he stayed close to Steve and took his hand, noticing the blood and bruising around his knuckles. Since he didn’t see any wounds on him he wouldn’t mention it, knowing full well that it wasn’t his place.
They went back to put the things on a pile and Sarah asked the man to give her the measuring tape and took the measurements herself. It did help with Tony’s jumpiness but it was also embarrassing. Every now and then she smiled at him and told him he was doing grand. Soon the pile for each of them was more than all his and Benni’s clothes combined.
He pulled himself up on the counter and looked at his father. “How can I be a bastard, when I’m your son?” He mumbled, sure that Howard wouldn’t hear him, since he never did. Unfortunately he was wrong and Howard did hear him that time. In his unbelievable rage he grabbed Tony’s arm and forced it into the hot water, pressing it down to the bottom of the pot even despite Tony’s screams. The pain was unbearable, making his whole body go numb. He didn’t even notice how Howard shoved him on the ground and had his foot on his chest, pressing him down.
Steve frowned and said, “That game was cute, but what does that— wait, you made the Sea Garbage Party game? The puzzle game where all the pictures were little garbage in the sea? It’s the new bestselling game! There was even an article about it…”
Did he want Tony to want him for who he was? Because right now, he felt like Tony set a masquerade dance for a reason, so he probably wanted someone who could dance. Forget all that stuff about wanting Tony to want him for who he was. Steve wanted to be the kind of person Tony wanted. Not a boring old-fashioned Alpha who wasn’t fun and didn’t know how to dance.
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, trying not to laugh, “we are not going to die. Last time we looked at the map we were thirty miles to the nearest town, so it’ll be a bit of a walk but we can find a mechanic and be back on our way in no time.”
That resulted in more chortling from everyone.
He thought that one day, he wanted to experience this in the ocean, when Tony figured out a way to shrink Steve down and give him a little tail of his own. Then they would dive through the waves and swim through the sea together, skin against skin, scales against scales.
Tony looked at him, looked at the only office door on this whole floor, and looked back at Steve. “How did you get lost?”
In a blink, they went from cute fluffy animals sitting next to each other, eyeing Doctor Strange warily, to fully clothed Steve Rogers and Tony Stark sitting next to each other, eyeing Doctor Strange warily. There didn’t seem to be any transition in between. One second they were furry and adorable, the next they were less furry and a lot taller, all human again.
“Very,” Steve said without a trace of embarrassment or humor. He pulled back a little more and placed a hand on Tony’s chest. Without looking away from Tony’s eyes, Steve took hold of one little mother-of-pearl buttons on Tony’s dark maroon shirt and flicked it hard enough to snap the threads. The button popped off without even a single pinch against Tony’s skin.
As far as Steve could tell, all she had done was curl her long neck back and gnaw at the tip of her tail.
“Look, people, it’s my party, and I’m going to do what I want,” Tony said, which was such a Tony thing to say that Steve found himself shaking his head and smiling at the same time. “If you don’t like it, you don’t have to be here. Actually, that’s the part I’m coming up to. I’ve just decided this is a Courting Ceremony for everyone.”
“None of my fantasies could ever prepare me for your cock,” Tony said with wonder in his voice. When there wasn’t an immediate answer, he looked up to find that Steve was now blushing up to his ears. “Oh, so you can stand here with your cock proudly presented without a hint of embarrassment, but the moment I talk about my fantasies, you’re blushing?” Tony was delighted at this.
Happy leaned down and whispered something else, a little sharp. This made Tony blink and clear his throat again. He opened the first sketchbook and flipped through the pages, before turning the sketchbook around so Steve could see which one he had stopped at. Finally, they were in sync again because Steve could clearly read the question in Tony’s eyes; he wanted to know if Steve was fine with Tony showing this particular sketch to the world.
Steve shook his head sadly. “We were having a moment, and you ruined it.”
Why did there have to be a masquerade and dance component? Maybe Steve could take off his jacket and shirt and join in the mud-wrestling later to win back approval from Tony...
For some reason, Tony’s eyes bored straight into Steve’s at that, which was always a sign that he had something to hide. He sounded casual as he explained, “We needed some big bash to remind the world that the Earth keeps spinning and we’re still alive. A little bit of a pick me up. And for charity as well, to help with some of the rebuilding that’s still going on.”
Tony in human-size, sitting on the couch...with
“Yeah, and they won,” Sam said in a wondering tone.
Tony looked up from the corner of his eyes and said,
And it also meant Tony could stay in his aquarium for longer hours and communicate with Steve through J.A.R.V.I.S. instead. A part of Steve felt a pang of loss at the idea, knowing that Tony wouldn’t need to be on his desk as often, that he wouldn’t see Tony holding his finger in his two little hands and hear his sharp commentary in his head anymore.
Steve blinked. “He’s not? Then...who?”
“I was meaning to ask,” Sam said, sounding a little breathless but everyone was doing him the favor of ignoring that. “Are you really wearing the scent Steve made for you?”
Natasha led the way in a beautiful black floor-length, long-sleeved dress with a slit going up her legs, almost all the way to her waist. She had said it allowed freedom of movement while providing a lot of places to hide her weapons. At a guess, Steve thought she probably had five assorted guns and knives stashed somewhere on her.
Steve caught him, having leapt to his feet with more success when he noticed Tony’s imbalance. His arms wrapped around Tony’s upper torso, and Tony’s hands were pressed to Steve’s chest. Looking down, Steve realized that Tony was a few inches shorter than Steve now, which was an interesting thought to have considering that Tony was only a few inches high in totality a few minutes ago.
He wanted it to be perfect. He needed it to be the best demonstration of sincere interest that Tony had ever received.
Tony met Steve’s gaze and rolled his eyes, like he was so over this. Steve wanted to at once kiss Tony and shake him. Tony’s cavalier attitude towards his own safety and inability to take threats against his life seriously would drive Steve completely crazy one day.
Despite the lack of physical exertion, Steve felt breathless, like he was the one who had been thoroughly fucked over. Taking a deep breath to steady himself, he gently pulled out the pen, drawing a little whimper from Tony who was still slumped in his hand. Steve put the pen down and cradled Tony close, feeling a sudden overwhelming rush of protectiveness for the precious cargo in his hold.
Tony had told him before that he always wanted a dog or a cat, but since he was off to boarding school at a pretty young age, his dad hadn’t seen the point to getting one. And he had been too unreliable as a young adult to get a pet; even he had recognized that back then.
Wade must have been that crab Steve had rescued from a boy that had been talking about pulling off his legs. That was the only time Steve had saved anything from anyone on this beach.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked tentatively.
“I still took all the tests, you know, so I know all the ridiculous social rules,” Tony said with an eyeroll. “I just didn’t have to go to the classes, which thank god for that, they were probably very boring. Anyway, who cares about etiquette. I want to give Steve gifts and I’m giving him gifts now. They can be normal gifts while he can give me Courting gifts.”
Trying to keep his breath steady, Steve opened the box and held it out.
Tony sighed and pulled away a little. He looked down at the two arc reactors Steve was wearing on a chain around his neck. They were large and a little unwieldy on a chain, but they would serve their purpose.
Thanos was so distracted, turned into a howling mess from his previously composed, vainglorious genocidal self that Vision and Wanda easily restrained him with their powers, in time for Thor to crash down onto him with a gigantic axe. Unceremoniously, Thanos was defeated and dispatched.
Before Tony can respond, Clint pipes up through the communicator, “All it took was one fake interrupted vacation. Megalomaniacs are so easy.”
Tony held up the rather skimpy lingerie which he had taken out of a very expensive-looking box, not at all embarrassed to let the cameras fully capture the lacy red and gold teddy and G-string. “And who’s wearing this? Me or you?”
Natasha smiled. “Good point.”
He couldn’t be sure, but he thought the blue sphere on his screen rippled with pleasure. “That’s all we can hope for. Thank you. And good luck.”
“I didn’t ask you,” Rhodes pointed out with a casual shrug. “I already know you’re serious. Probably the whole world knows you’re serious except Tony Stark.”
“Sure, blame me,” Bucky said. “Hey, one person did accept your gift, which was the one gift you spent more than one minute thinking about: Peggy Carter.”
. Not even if you were the last human being alive on this planet.”
“That excuse wore thin when we were in M.I.T.,” Rhodey pointed out.
So Steve decided to be frank in return.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve started, but Tony was already waving off his apology.
His therapist had said that it was important to have a routine. Not that he had followed much of his therapist’s advice, otherwise he wouldn’t be out here in this quiet town on his own. But he liked the idea of a morning routine so he stuck to one.
All the graceful couples and groups spinning together and laughing as they danced the night away buoyed him with thoughts of, “That’s because of me.”
# # # # # #
Steve took a step back. It wasn’t vigorous shaking, just the occasional random thumps that moved the box, like something inside was trying to get out. Maybe there was a very small puppy in the box? God, Steve wished it was a very small puppy. But he could guess who this present was from and that maniac didn’t give small puppies as presents, not unless those small puppies would also morph into giant acid-spitting wolves later on.
Steve shifted, seeming to adjust his thrusts until suddenly, Tony cried out as pleasure blossomed up his spine, jerked white hot through his nervous system. Steve was unerringly dragging against Tony’s prostate. All those hours spent fingering Tony coming to fruition as Steve mercilessly thrust along that stretch of lightning pleasure. The constant jolts against his prostate left Tony gasping and panting out his pleasure in mindless cries, a steady stream of wanton ‘uh, uh’ echoing through the room to the slap of flesh against skin.
T’Challa shook his head sharply. “Look at me, not my feet. If you look at my feet, you will step on them instead of avoiding them. Talk to me about something. How has the ceremony been for you?”
But everything looked normal. His eyes immediately went to Tony who was floating in his aquarium, waving at him jauntily and beaming. DUM-E and U were on the desk as usual, working away at something mechanical. Then Steve noticed the new addition on his desk. It wasn’t anything he had ever seen before. He stared at it, baffled.
It was strange, watching a little Tony who could fit in his hand, thrusting his clothed hips against Steve’s finger. But he was definitely enjoying the sight.
“Tony, yes,” was all Tony said, a stubborn set to his jaw.
Tony’s stiff posture visibly softened as he relaxed. “Thank you.”
After a moment, T’Challa shook his head and just smiled. “I guess cats do what they want,” he commented mildly.
How had Steve never noticed that Tony was the most gorgeous person Steve had ever met before? His deep brown eyes were lined with thick dark lashes, a razor sharp goatee styled to perfection around soft pink lips. Without product, his hair was fluffed up and messy, but if it had been styled, Steve could easily picture Tony as one of those handsome debonairs, even better looking than Cary Grant, with the kind of timeless handsomeness that stole Steve’s breath away.
“Hey, yourself,” Steve said quietly, watchful.
Turned out, it wasn’t so bad having a dragon around after all.
But thoughts on D.E.R.P. weren’t enough to occupy Steve’s mind and soon, his gaze drifted up to the land mass still miles away, just a small blotch against the blue seas.
And he wasn’t disappointed.
The trip back was interminable. Tony wanted to drive, because he always drove, but Steve had taken the keys gently from Tony’s hand and Tony had let him. He couldn’t concentrate, couldn’t really
Tony blinked, slow, as he tried to process that. He just nodded and pulled Steve’s hands down to his belt, his meaning clear.
It went on, an endless feedback loop that lasted almost an hour, until Steve’s knot subsided and his cock finally slipped out. Tony felt slick and come dribble out of him, felt Steve’s wandering fingers touch his hole, pushing the come back in with shaking fingers.
But Tony wasn’t listening anymore. He couldn’t. He felt hot, a desperate surging heat that boiled through his bones and blood and left his skin smoking with the need for touch. He knew what would slake his thirst, knew what he needed.
Steve was a little confused since Tony was already touching his finger but he extended his other hand so that it was level with the glass. Tony hauled himself out of his glass and flopped onto Steve’s outstretched hand.
He wanted more. He wanted every bit of Steve that he could get.
But Tony was laughing in delight as he called out, propelling himself forward with a big push from his tail to catch up to Steve easily.
“This isn’t what I meant!” he complains, but he’s giggling anyway. Steve laughs as he takes off in a light jog.
Good, good, and Tony would just make sure that Steve knew it. He lifted himself up and rubbed his hole over Steve’s cock, dripping his slick over it. Steve’s groan vibrated through him and he felt smug, felt wanted, felt like Steve was his.
Tony was gaping at him, a hand clasped to his cheek. His voice in Steve’s mind was decidedly high and shocked.
Was Tony flirting with him? That was definitely flirtatious, right?
“Is that actually something Tony provided, or did you bring your own cat mask, Your Highness?” Steve called out to the man passing by.
… The firm head of his cock kissed his hole, pushed gently against his open hole...and then rested there.
Tony said, and started checking off his fingers.
Tony had measured the strength of her bite before and his conclusion had been, “Don’t be bitten by her.”
“Alright, next is…” Happy squinted at his StarkPad.
“I came to see how you’re doing,” Tony said with a smile.
“I’ll be joining in and pinning him to the ground,” T’Challa said serenely
Tony stared at him in incomprehension for almost a full minute. Then he suddenly propped himself up on an elbow and poked at Steve’s bicep. “You mean you purposefully made me jealous so I would go over to you straight away?”
“I’m going to Court him,” Steve announced. “Publicly. At the Courting Ceremony.”
Tony let out a loud outraged ‘MIAOW’ in protest, and then continued to scent mark Rhodes. Laughing, Rhodes rubbed Tony’s cheek with his fingers, which seemed to be enough to appease Tony’s grumpiness because he went limp in Rhodes’ arms.
Tony raised an eyebrow, an expression he learned from TV.
Fury snorted, a sound of impatience. “Mister Stark, what exactly is your motive here?”
But now, it actually took effort to focus on what he was saying despite those angry threats and familiar vehement gestures. His voice was at a low enough volume that Steve had to really concentrate to make out all those words. It also didn’t help that Tony was…well, really cute.
Steve let out a guttural cry and suddenly, his hands were hot brands against Tony’s hipbones and there, finally,
“Her research could have been wrong,” Tony muttered.
# # # # # #
Steve could feel his ears burning. “Thank you?” was all he said.
Steve teased, “Well, when I heard there was going to be
“Yeah, but you know that doesn’t mean much, right? He’s obviously just trying to lift everyone’s spirits. I heard it’s going to be a huge spectacle, and he’s going to try to make some money out of it for the Maria Stark Foundation. People don’t really get married these days immediately after Courting Ceremonies,” Sam pointed out.
Tony was full human-sized, except maybe even taller if he could somehow stand, because he still had his merman’s tail. The tail was very thick and long, about two feet longer than Steve’s own legs. The tail’s red scales shimmered with a rich gold lustre under the indoor lighting and the tail fins draped over the fallen coffee table that had been knocked over when Tony changed in size. Steve’s eyes traced up Tony’s body, up and past where scales turned to soft pale skin. Tony’s body was leanly muscled, something he hadn’t noticed before, with broad shoulders and a firm chest tapering down to a slimmer waist. His arms looked strong, his fingers long and graceful.
“Is that so hard to believe?” Steve asked, before saying softly, “I gave you my sketchbooks. You’ve seen what I draw.”
Steve let out a small gasp and finally managed to squeeze out, “It’s a masquerade.”
“How did you— How?” Steve asked as his mind swam with questions.
He had gone to the lobby for his usual coffee break and was in the queue when he spotted Tony walking in through the front door carrying a silver suitcase. At first, Steve wanted to duck his head and avoid being seen after the last two disastrous encounters.
With that casual statement, Tony pointed to the desk.
Steve couldn’t resist the invitation. He started to fuck into Tony’s mouth and Tony moaned with delight, felt himself leak even more, from behind and from his own throbbing cock, at the feel of Steve’s erection thrusting repeatedy into him. The entire length filled him, precome and saliva dribbling out of the corner of Tony’s mouth. He was a right mess and he loved it.
Bucky sat on lush green grass, ignoring the goat chewing on the sleeve of his shirt. He held the tablet up so that Steve could see the rest of the goats scattered around the field.
It was pretty irritating not being able to read Rhodes’ face, to gauge how serious he was being and to gather some clues as to the direction of this conversation.
“Okay, come on, let’s go focus on something else,” Bucky said.
“Yours, of course, yours,” Steve gasped, touching Tony’s hands where they were squeezing around Steve’s cock. “Everything is yours. I’m yours. Kevin is no one, Tony. I’m yours.”
Tony huffs, and stands from the ground, squinting against the glaring sun as he looks out to the long stretch of road ahead of them. Steve opens the backdoor and grabs a backpack full of water and snacks that Tony had insisted on bringing as ‘road fuel’.
Every inch of the place was decorated. There were gold satin streamers and silver balloons across the ceiling, with soft blue light mounted in a wave pattern along the walls. Plush gold carpet covered the floor and beautiful glass tables with tall arching metal legs were set periodically against the walls. A round stage was set up at one end of the hall, its burnished steel floor bare.
“I think he captured me perfectly,” Tony announced. “Sexy, right?”
For reasons no one could understand, she had also blown little sparks of flame on the walls in the shape of rings. It hadn’t been enough to actually set the walls on fire, but there were ring-shaped scorched marks all around the Avengers tower now. Tony had called it “modern wallpapering” and insisted it would be a new hit in the world of home decor.
is calling someone arrogant. That’s amazing.”
“What about Kev?” Tony asked.
Clint said over the comms, “Woah,
# # #
my dad debut an upgraded car in your era?” Tony crosses his arms over his chest. “It wouldn’t have been any different if you had let me-”
“The cashier?” asks Tony.
“Thank you, Steve,” Tony said with sincerity glowing in his eyes.
“Yeah, I’ve only been with Betas and let me tell you, my Courting gifts were unparalleled. One time, I prepared this—”
It was perfect.
“Oh, then I can bring my sketchpad in here instead and sit by the bathtub.”
Getting up off his stool, Steve gave Tony a crisp salute, earning another one of those beautiful happy laughs and then Steve was off the stage, passing the next suitor who was on her way up.
“Hmm, I guess it’ll do. Thought you would be more creative, Bain,” Tony said, looking up with a bored look. Steve knew immediately that Tony wasn’t going to treat this suitor seriously, which helped him relax again.
“Tony, have you met—” Steve started, only to be interrupted by Tony looping a hand behind his neck and pulling him forward to rub their cheeks together, long and slow and pointed. Tony sniffed, but the scent was pure Steve, with a touch of Tony’s scent from all the times they had come in contact. Tony was glad that the Omega hadn’t actually touched Steve’s cheek, had only come close to it; otherwise he would have to rip that Omega’s hand off.
“You’re mine,” Tony declared. “Your cock is mine. Your knot is mine.”
Holding onto what looked to be some electronic component in one hand, Tony gestured for Steve to bend low to the table and planted a tiny kiss on Steve’s cheek. He did this often now and yet Steve still didn’t stop blushing at the gesture. That made Tony smile up at him before waving him away so he could get back to examining his box of what looked to be random spare parts.
Then, he felt the slightest nudge, just a faint pressure against his shoulder where Tony’s hand rested and there was the brush of a knee against his own, and Steve moved accordingly, stepping back. Caught in that sharp gaze, Steve had no time to look at his feet, to fuss about where his elbows were. He found himself automatically following Tony’s lead, moving to the steps based on Tony’s cues.
“That’s true. And you want Tony to want you for who you are, don’t you? And he knows you can’t dance,” Natasha said in a soothing tone.
“You’re crazy,” Tony said, voice barely above a whisper. “We haven’t even gone on our first date yet.”
On the fourth morning, Tony’s heat broke. It had been easing back for most of the night, allowing him to sleep for a total of five hours, which was more than he had slept in a stretch over the last three days. He had woken up with a desperate need for Steve all over again, ridden him hard twice over before falling asleep right on top of Steve’s heaving chest. But when he drifted awake once more to Steve wiping a washcloth over his thighs, he felt clear-headed and calm.
They were all okay.
Tony lapsed into a short silence at that, eyes watching Steve thoughtfully from behind his mask. They danced to the melodic instrumental music, moving easily with the throngs of other masked dancers with Tony leading the way. For the moment, Steve savored how he had his arms almost completely around Tony, how they were pressed up-close, moving gently to the music, Tony’s scent mixing with his own. Steve wanted to pull Tony close and bury his face in that neck, breathe in deep. But he was happy with what he had as well. Tonight, he was happy here, swaying with Tony to the music.
“This looks like it’s walking the line between classy and completely over-the-top,” Sam commented on idly as he looked around the place.
“Did you want to watch some TV?” Steve asked as Tony climbed onto his palm. It was unusual for Tony to watch TV at this time of the day, but not impossible.
The sun is beating down a little less relentlessly by the time they slump down on some empty oil cans, both sweaty and more than a little worried. “To summarize the last few hours,” Tony mutters, fiddling with his sleeve, “we're stuck in a ghost town with no way out, half a bottle of water and one tiny ass repulsor to show for it, while we might encounter an undetermined threat powerful enough to get rid of a whole village.”
He was so doomed, Steve thought gloomily. Maybe he could move to the Arctic after this. Go back under the ice. Those were the good old days. Quiet, peaceful, total lack of consciousness, no public humiliation at the love of his life’s Courting Ceremony.
“You made one hell of an impression,” Nat said with a smirk.
Tony leaned the canvas carefully against the side of the box before reaching into the box again. It was another canvas painting and Tony ducked his head when he stared down at it. After a quiet minute, he showed it to the audience again but made no commentary. He only looked at Steve, eyes soft and warm.
Steve blinked in surprise and Tony smiled in response, saying, “Tit for tat, I thought it was my turn to do some undercover work.”
FYI, things are going to ramp up from here on out. :D Get ready for Courting Ceremony shenanigans.
Steve would miss the constant contact, but he thought it was a fair exchange to have Tony here, in full size, able to talk to him whenever he wanted.
He reached out and placed his hand palm up on Tony’s thigh. Immediately, Tony put his hand down on Steve’s, linking their fingers together. Fury’s eyebrows looked like they wanted to levitate off his forehead, but Steve only stared at him defiantly.
It took a surprising amount of effort to get Tony into clothing. For one thing, there was a lot of complaining from Tony while Steve averted his eyes. Then there was the fact that Tony was still wobbly on his feet and needed help to get dressed. Steve was flushed to his hairline and had been staring mainly at the floor the whole time he held Tony up, helped him manoeuvre his legs, pulled on his clothes…
Everyone except for Steve.
This bare brush of Steve’s nose against his skin, the whisper of air against his face as Steve breathed him in was the most erotic sensation Tony had ever experienced. He felt his stomach clench, his whole body oriented towards Steve who had him caged in. Tony was getting wet. He realized in a daze that he had never gotten wet so easily, with all his clothes still on and at the touch of an Alpha’s nose against his face. Not even when he was in heat had he experienced such sharp arousal so fast and so keenly.
“You’re an Alpha too,” Wanda pointed out with a grin.
The next few gifts went pretty quickly, with Tony rejecting a couple and accepting some sweet handmade gifts, including a crocheted scarf with little Iron Man figures all over it, which Tony seemed to really like from the way he ran his fingers over it.
Steve shakes his head. “They might be at the back?”
Steve blinked, coming out of his fog of worry to realize that T’Challa was right, they had danced fine together. It wasn’t like Steve was pulling out fancy moves or dancing with new grace. He had just managed to avoid stepping on T’Challa’s feet and had managed to sway mostly to the rhythm, which was more than he achieved with any of the others.
When Tony licked and groomed both paws and his side, he finally leapt lightly off the stand to land beside Steve and stalked away, tail swaying behind him in annoyance.
The last few words came out in a rushed jumble as Steve turned around sharply and marched quickly to his desk. He ignored all the stares from his colleagues, but especially the stare he could feel burning into his back from one curious Tony Stark.
Steve wished he could lay one on Tiberius, but it would only cause more trouble for Tony. Anyway, Steve knew that Tony wouldn’t appreciate anyone trying to defend his honor for him, not when he could do it for himself.
To Steve’s surprise, there was a smile on Tony’s lips and amusement clear in his eyes even as he shook his head. Tony asked, “So where were you trying to get to then?”
Staring at Tony, Steve insisted, “It’s going to be serious.”
“But...why didn’t you just invite me along to someone else’s Courting Ceremony?”
“So, Tony, have I told you about my beautiful villa,” Alexandre said. “It’s set on a cliffside, overlooking the sea, and we have fresh plum trees right in our backyard. I love plucking them straight from the branch and biting into them, licking the juices off my skin. The villa is so very...private.”
Tony turned around and spread his legs, pulling Steve by his arms until he was hovering over Tony.
“Nobody is disappearing anybody,” Steve said sharply, moving towards the couch so he stood between the two people glowering at each other. “Fury, why don’t you put the pizzas down and have a seat please.”
Tony’s mouth fell open as he stared and then snapped shut when he couldn’t seem to come up with anything to say. So Steve continued, all the while brushing a thumb against the corner of Tony’s lips, “I never thought I could have children when I was a scrawny, sickly Alpha. And after the serum, life took me down a different path, and children had never been part of what I wanted, not for a long time now. Tony, I want to be with you. That’s all that matters to me.”
“You made these?” Steve asked, looking up, his gaze soft and delighted.
Steve frowned a little, breaking their gaze. He said quietly, “I have to admit something to you.”
Vicente looked down his nose at Alexandre. “I’m sorry, Ambassador, but there is obviously some cultural differences here. You can’t imagine the importance of Alphas amongst our people and amongst the Americans as well. We put a lot of importance on heritage and gender.”
Tony’s eyes widen, and he opens his mouth to retort before closing it with a snap. He huffs again, this time in irritation, but Steve’s mouth curves into a smile. One. Two. Three. “I’ll have you know,
“Or I can move out to Malibu and join your Avengers team instead,” Steve offered.
And then Steve pulled out and pushed back in with a sharp thrust of his hips. Tony let out a sound like a punctured balloon and shoved his hips back to join Steve’s rhythm. It felt so good, so full, like his body was finally complete now with Steve’s cock moving inside of him.
“Here, eat these,” Tony said, handing all the canapes over to Steve.
“You let him touch you,” Tony growled, fists clenching in Steve’s jacket, pushing away and glaring into Steve’s wide eyes. “You let him.”
Steve looked between J.A.R.V.I.S. and Tony, smiling. “Wow, Tony. This is really…” He shook his head. “You’re amazing. You’re both amazing.”
“Thank you,” Steve murmured, touching a thumb to the corner of Tony’s lip in reverent awe, loving when Tony’s soft lips quirked up in amusement.
“Hello, everyone,” Tony greeted with a blinding grin. “It’s time for the most exciting part of the event: Which Pokemon I’m going to choose.”
“I don’t know why I ever thought you were a charmer,” Steve said, drily.
Then, the box started to shake.
Steve knew that his feelings for Tony came through bright and clear from what he had put down on those pages. Even when they were apart, when they had their own Civil War, Steve had drawn Tony compulsively, sketched him from memory, drew him from what he found in newsfeeds.
“Was there something you wanted to add?” T’Challa asked. His expression was calm, like it wasn’t unusual for him to hold conversations with cats.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mister Stark has asked that I introduce myself.” The voice was coming from the black disk and the blue sphere pulsed as the voice spoke. “I am J.A.R.V.I.S., an acronym for Just A Rather Very Intelligent System. I have been created by Tony Stark to be in essence, his butler and his communications specialist with the outside world. I can facilitate his work around the house and assist with his business ventures. At this moment, everything you say is being picked up by my voice-to-text program so that Mister Stark can read it on his tablet.”
“It’s— It feels amazing,” Tony said, running a hand through the fur with wonder on his face.
“Oh, don’t, now you’re giving free PR to these scentears companies,” Tony joked. “I can see it all over the headlines now:
“Sir, I detect a voice coming from the box, and if I am not mistaken—”
Then, there was Tony. Tony’s inclusion in the sketchbook appeared in high frequency right from the moment the Avengers met for the first time. In the beginning, Steve had told himself that it was just irritation that kept Tony on the forefront of his mind and that was why he kept drawing Tony over and over again. And maybe that was true at some point near the start of their rocky acquaintance.
Tony was definitely going to be the death of him, Steve thought, as he flushed and Tony giggled.
Tony grinned.
“Natasha, who are you wearing?”
Okay, his ideas were getting wildly stupid. Steve knew he was falling into a spiral of desperation when he started considering superheroing in tight leather catsuits as a Courting gift. That would only be a gift for the press.
Steve brought Tony up closer to his face, and stared. There was a light pink dusting across Tony’s cheeks and for all that Tony had proclaimed that Steve had a telling dopey smile, Tony also had on a familiar look…
“Here, have a drink,” Sam said as he grabbed a champagne flute from a nearby waiter and passed it over to Bucky. “You’re starting to make me nervous.”
Sniffing a little haughtily, Tony said,
“But he looks like that all the time, oh yeah, I see. You got a point there,” Sam agreed.
Steve interrupted with tight anger in his voice, “Your venue was overflowing with suitors so they were clearly
Tony squirmed, and didn’t flush because he was much too old to be blushing, no sirree. “Yeah, I’m wet for you,” Tony said, and he wasn’t so far gone into his heat that he didn’t also roll his eyes and say, “Are you proud, you caveman?”
