Mrs. Hudson’s phone it is then. That will also give him a chance to criticise her conspicuous absence.
. She hasn’t deserved this and she certainly hasn’t deserved to be kept in the dark about it either. So whether John himself is ready or not, the right thing to do would be to invite Mary over.
“Hmm?” John leans in closer to hear him over the music. So Sherlock isn’t the only one having trouble with his hearing. That’s… good.
Sherlock can’t decide if he’s worried or not. Maybe he’s too tired to be worried, which worries him, in which case he
John looks up at the ceiling next. He takes a deep breath, in through his mouth and out through his nose. Just like you’re supposed to do. He finds this difficult, Sherlock can tell, but he soldiers through. A doctor and a soldier, always both.
He sounds like an idiot, dumb and confused and unintelligible. They can both hear it. An amused smirk appears on the face of his companion.
Sherlock doesn’t exactly use his mind palace the way it’s meant to be used, of course. In its simplest form, the mind palace is meant to work like looking at a map with each dot representing a specific piece of information. It can then be elaborated to look like a specific location, each item, room or segment being assigned a meaning. That’s the model that Sherlock started with and it worked for years. A recreation of his bedroom at his parents’ house morphing into his flat on Montague Street morphing into the living room at Baker Street to store personal information. A briefing room that was elaborated as Sherlock actually went to a police station for the first time to store information relevant to any on-going cases. A laboratory to store information on chemistry, as well as some of his more job-specific knowledge. And a storeroom for anything not fitting neatly into any of the other rooms, equipped with a computer for Sherlock to quickly search for any specific information he might need. It worked perfectly.
Perhaps he should have seen it coming. He should have expected it to happen. He should have known that he would never be able to hold on to anything that good. But he was blind and stupid. And it hit him so much harder as a result.
And Sherlock isn’t looking his best either. He should have slept, but he stayed awake to listen in on their conversation, interrupting when he heard it go off the rails. He needs to go back to bed. Despite what Mary (and, indeed, Sherlock) might think, he’s far from back to his former self. Right now, it’s as though someone has pulled the drain on what was keeping all the energy he’s just displayed in his confrontation with Mary inside of him. It’s practically spilling out.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze then, tears rolling down either cheek as he keeps repeating his self-denial, his hurt and anger and frustration and hopelessness.
Her voice is still mild, non-confrontational. Her eyes are suddenly anything but. They seem to light up, digging into John with resolve.
I am so sorry that it has been such a long wait! But, well, life happened and it was pretty bad and needed to be dealt with and it has been and now we're here. I really hope you enjoy this next installation. Please, please feel free to comment and/or leave some kudos, it really does mean a lot to me and is a great motivating factor.
Just one more thing to go then. John’s very pleased with his two purchases, but he needs something a bit more extravagant than a book to go along with them and he has a vague idea what he wants it to be.
Jim is good at this. Whether it stems from experience or if he has thought his way to it all, calculated everything... that’s anyone’s guess and certainly not a deduction that Sherlock’s brain is currently capable of making.
And struggle he does. It’s painful, every word of it. Seeing John’s reactions, all of them easily readable from his face, when Sherlock tells him about Jim. About how he had suddenly just been there. About how Sherlock at first had mistrusted him and tried to make him go away. About how he’d slowly become accustomed to his presence, then begun to accept it, then eventually come to rely upon it. It had been the only company he’d had. He stresses that point over and over again. He hadn’t chosen for it to be Jim, it was just how it had turned out, and without Jim, he would have been utterly alone. He stresses that point too.
His words are harsh, even Mycroft knows this. They may not sound any different from their usual brotherly squabbling, but they are. This is not their run-of-the-mill childish feud that delights and frustrates them both in equal measure. This is serious and Mycroft wills his voice to convey that.
Back when they first met, Jim had told him that they were made for each other. Sherlock has been a blind fool not to see it before now.
John looks up at her again and she nods encouragingly. He can’t for the life of him figure out if he’s merely seeing things in her eyes that aren’t really there. Everything else on her looks absolutely right.
This is not the way it was supposed to be. It was supposed to feel final in regard to his emotional investment and anything but final in regard to the relationship between John and himself. Instead it feels like the opposite, as though their relationship is ending while Sherlock’s emotional investment in that relationship is spiralling ever higher and madly out of control. It was supposed to be difficult but bearable. But only one of those adjectives seems to fit now that he’s in it.
When Sherlock drifts off to sleep, his breathing slow and steady, and John puts the book down. And he allows himself to just observe Sherlock for a moment, let his gaze wander over his exposed face and arm, the contours of his body beneath the duvet. His chest going up and down.
Sherlock almost recoils, but Jim’s hand on his prevents him from turning away entirely. Unable to escape, he instead turns his shocked eyes to the person he would loosely refer to as his partner.
It’s fun to sit here and feel superior, to once again feel in control of the situation, to once again feel raised above the every-man stumbling through life with no real insight into the world around him. It’s amusing to uncover the secrets of others without their knowledge, to look around and deduce the innermost thoughts of random passersby, to place people under the microscope and dissect their lives, turn them into unwilling and entirely unknowing lab rats and then let them move on with their lives, oblivious to the whole process. It’s downright laughable to listen to Jim’s deductions, to hear him proclaim the most absurd and unrealistic results and yet see how it all adds up once he begins to explain his ludicrous assumptions.
-smile that John masters to perfection. Sherlock knows that one only too well. Instead it’s the warm, deep, verging on sentimental and therefore slightly uncomfortable for both of them smile that Sherlock hasn’t seen in what feels like forever.
It takes a moment. Then, unbelievably, it begins to work. His mind expands again. Every sensation is taken in, recorded on pristine white sheets of paper in Sherlock’s neatest of hands and meticulously catalogued for further analysis in boxes of evidence, stored on just the correct shelves in his mind palace, right where they belong. A wave of relief and pride surges through him, extending all the way into his fingertips and making them buzz with that same electricity that seems to circuit between his lips and brain.
“Do you wish to leave me?” she repeats slowly, deliberately dragging her words out to make them stand out clearer. She’s still calm.
John doesn’t want to ask out loud. He’s busy enough blocking out as much of the unending beep-beep-beep of the heart monitor’s call of alarm as possible while also trying to stay out of the doctors’ way as they rush from computer to monitor to bed and back again, desperately searching for a way to bring Sherlock’s soaring heart rate back under control. As they keep reassuring him, it’s not necessarily dangerous. But one doesn’t have to be the world's only consulting detective nor look twice at their faces to tell that they understand no more about this situation than John himself and that’s frankly a terrifying thought.
If Sherlock tells him the truth, tells him about the snipers and the code and the rhythm and all of it, maybe John will understand. Or maybe that’s just foolish, self-deluding sentiment talking. Maybe Sherlock is missing the point, maybe the point is that John has had plenty of time to reconsider already, reconsider their friendship and Sherlock as a person and found both lacking. Maybe that’s why he has looked elsewhere in Sherlock’s absence.
He’d suggested they get a present for Mycroft, but Sherlock had been adamant that they don’t and had told John in no uncertain terms that he could not be moved on the issue.
“You would have solved it in a couple of days?” John raises an eyebrow at him, though Sherlock can't see him.
Yes... Let's just say that this sort-of monthly update is the schedule I'll be aiming for and probably failing by at least a couple of weeks every time. I really do apologise, but at least you get a longer chapter this time, so...
“Just shut up! And stay shut up! Because this is not funny! This is serious! Do you understand me? It's serious!”
In that moment, John completely regrets ever inviting Mary to come. It had seemed like a good idea, a healthy choice to avoid exactly the kind of scenario Mary is now accusing him of: one in which he’d stay here with Sherlock in a little bubble of their own, completely cut off from the real world and the consequences of their actions. But Mary is right. It’s already like that and what he’s trying to do is to prolong that carefree atmosphere that isn’t good for anything other than sheer escapism. And Mary is probably right about the rest of it, too: if he stays, their relationship is all but over. They’ve been married for a couple of months and already he’s managed to race down the path of adultery, confess it all and then unbelievably demand to be allowed to head even further into what everyone should be able to recognise as a complete and utter train wreck waiting to end in a divorce. All that before they’ve even bloody started to experience what married life is like!
Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. In his mind’s eye, he’s picturing a pendulum clock, slowly swinging back and forth. In reality, he’s just listening to a boring boring
In contrast to John, Mycroft appears to be all business. “So… first things first.” His gaze is more than a little condescending, looking down at Sherlock both literally and metaphorically from his vantage point right in the middle of the room. “Did you make a list?”
Of course things can’t remain that way. The rest of the world comes back into focus as soon as John manages to rediscover his spine enough to separate his lips from Sherlock’s. He takes a step back. Meets Sherlock’s eyes. But he doesn’t know what to say. Perhaps there isn’t all that much to say, really. Not when the sight of Sherlock’s dishevelled hair and flushed lips is enough to make John re-examine the sudden space between them with what can only be described as resentment.
Who else strolls into Sherlock’s room before any of the people John has called but the British Government himself? Looking for all the world as though he not only owns the place, but that
John’s first instinct is to pull Sherlock to him, hug him against his chest and try to soothe whatever hurt it is he’s finally letting John glimpse. But somehow Sherlock seems almost too fragile for that, as though he might break if John so much as places a hand on his shoulder.
“Do you not see it? An external stimulant. An emotional response. A decision to ignore it.” Jim’s voice is flat, toneless, completely matter-of-fact and yet Sherlock is reminded strongly of a very deep, dark pool of water. The way it fascinates you, sucks you in, entices you to take the plunge.
This though… it doesn’t feel normal. There are times where Sherlock thinks he’s hearing someone else, where his mental voice sounds barely recognisable, puts on a foreign accent or a strange speaking pattern. He usually talks to himself in the second person, but there are times when he switches back and forth between the first and second person as though he’s actually having a conversation. There are times where the sounds become so real that he almost feels the need to physically cover his ears. As though that would make any difference.
life. And still it’s the respectable that feels like a lie and those few forbidden moments that feel like him.
Back when he thought that he’d lost Sherlock for good, he might have been able to fool himself into thinking that all he wanted was to have that friendship back. But now Sherlock has given him his miracle. Now John does have him back, and with Mary by his side too. The two people who matter most to him in the entire world are right there by his side and,
It doesn’t matter that Sherlock has goals of his own. It doesn’t matter that there are things he wants to achieve by this. Things he has wanted to achieve for what feels like his entire life, but is probably only for as long as he can remember. It doesn’t matter that all of that is within his reach right here, right now. It doesn’t matter that he put more work into reaching this point than he’s ever put into a case before. It doesn’t matter how much he has given up in the process. The path behind him is littered with the pieces of himself that he’s let go of along the way.
long for is the person he has become in John’s presence, the version of himself that has slowly evolved during the years spent under John’s watchful eye. John has stripped Sherlock’s defences away layer by layer. John has laid him bare like a specimen under the microscope, dissected him to expose everything Sherlock has spent a lifetime locking away. Not through force of will. Through accepting Sherlock exactly the way he was, praising him whenever he did something John approved of, not judging him whenever he did something John didn’t approve of and making sure Sherlock knew which behaviours and thought processes belonged in which category. Making it clear as day when certain aspects of Sherlock’s personality were frowned upon and letting Sherlock’s desire to please him do the rest. And then there were the moderations to Sherlock’s character that were probably completely subconscious on John’s part. Treating Sherlock in a way that made him feel that a relation to another human being could actually be rewarding, making him desire that relation and open himself to a whole world of moral and social considerations that he’d always attempted to shut out. Making him love. Making him long for John so much that he was willing to let his emotions in, to let them make decisions for him and guide his behaviour, even knowing that he would have to sacrifice his logical mind to make room for them. Making him
“And I wish I was like you. I really do. I just… I can’t. I’m not that guy. I care too much. I care about what people think. I care more about what people think than what
“No, I did!” John replies angrily, although his gaze has drifted from pure anger at Sherlock to the anger John usually experiences when he’s frustrated about something and doesn’t know how to explain himself.
John closes the book and glances in Sherlock’s direction. He’s wrapped up all snug, dark curls splaying out across the pillows. John can see his right arm where it’s protruding from underneath the duvet. His skin is almost paler than the sheets. More translucent somehow. The duvet rises and falls steadily in time with his breaths.
“In a way, it was because of you,” Sherlock ends up saying. The moment the words have left his mouth and he sees John’s reaction, however, he realises that that might have sounded a bit too much like an accusation. John looks like a veritable thundercloud all of a sudden, and Sherlock hurries to correct himself. But John comes first.
A perfect little pair of cufflinks, each elegantly shaped like a small bee with the wings held down along the body. They’re not coloured, which is good too. John has the feeling that Sherlock would never wear a bright yellow cufflink, bee-shaped or otherwise. They’re just done in this exquisitely detailed gold that will look quite fetching beside Sherlock’s delicate violinist fingers, perhaps as an accent to John’s favourite shirt of his (Sherlock refers to it as dark aubergine – John just calls it purple), oh, they’d look positively incredible with that. John is admittedly getting rather ahead of himself, but can’t a man be allowed to indulge in a little self-congratulatory wishful thinking?
John sighs despairingly. “I’m not sure, to be honest. It’s about… about telling you that I know, I guess. And saying thank you.” John hesitates. He isn’t sure he wants to say the rest of what he’s thinking. “And I suppose, in a way, it’s about telling you that… that I’m just so very grateful for everything that we have and everything that you give, but if it’s not… if it’s not what you want… I mean, I don't want you to have to
His tone clearly conveys the mistaken belief that he’s actually being responsible. Apparently, he's satisfied with what John would loosely term his precautionary measures.
As the days go by, however, John can’t seem to shake the feeling that there’s something on Sherlock’s mind. They don’t talk much – Sherlock’s energy for talking restricts him to a few short sentences of mostly monosyllabic words, and although he seems to quickly expand on the complexity of both vocabulary, sentence structure and length, John doesn’t want to tire him out unnecessarily and so rarely strikes up non-essential conversations. As such, John isn’t basing his deductions on Sherlock’s lack of words.
It’s in that moment that the last bit of reserve concerning Sherlock’s ability to care for him evaporates. There’s simply no way of misinterpreting Sherlock’s embrace for anything but what it is.
That John has chosen differently from him doesn’t come as a surprise either. Sherlock has been different, always, for as long as he can remember, but he’s always worked
Are you experimenting with entering your Mind Palace? Are you experimenting with altered states of consciousness? Fucking hell, Sherlock, you just came out of a fucking coma, are you out of your
Neither of them speaks for the better part of an hour. Sherlock can be silent for a plethora of reasons – chief among them is deep concentration, closely followed by stubborn sullenness – but it doesn’t feel like any of the usual tonight. It’s not easy, it’s not companionable, it’s stressful and uncomfortable and almost oppressive in its intensity. But John doesn’t dare to break it.
And now… now John is gone. He unearthed Sherlock’s emotions, he stripped him bare and then he left him alone, vulnerable to the world and the cold. Left him with all these useless emotions that keep piling up inside him, higher and higher, like the used dishes all around him. The higher they pile, the messier it gets and the harder it gets to get at the stuff that matters, whether that be a pair of clean pants or a logical deduction. And now there’s no reward. No encouraging smile, no glint of pride in John’s eyes when Sherlock manages to exceed the expectations of people believing him to be an emotionless psychopath.
John is trying to catch his gaze now, let him know that they’re about to start and he’s expected at the table.
Now he’s here. He should have put a stop to it a long time ago, but he hasn’t been able to bring himself to do it. Even now, he’s pathetically waiting for John to return and make it all seem just a tiny bit more bearable rather than actually trying to fix the problem for himself. An addict through and through.
“My point is, Sherlock, that you can’t go gallivanting off into your Mind Palace when you’ve just come out of a coma! For Christ’s sake, you’ve admitted this all started because you entered your Mind Palace when you weren’t in full control of it! You’ve admitted it felt as if you were trapped in there! Even you must be able to understand that going back while you’re still in this state is bloody stupid!”
The next thing Sherlock knows, John has shifted, and Sherlock finds himself on his back on the sofa. John crouches above him, smiling. But it’s a dangerous smile, the one Sherlock usually associates with all-night stakeouts and encounters with notoriously dangerous criminals. It’s a predatory smile, meticulously calculated, and matched by an intensely fiery gaze.
It’s not malice now. There’s delight in Moriarty's face, but it’s not a cruel delight. There’s amusement, amusement at Sherlock’s expense, but it’s not the condescending amusement Sherlock remembers from the pool, from the courtroom, from the flat, from the rooftop, from nearly every encounter they’ve ever had face to face. It’s a relaxed amusement. An unproblematic amusement. If the person sitting across from him were anyone but Jim Moriarty, perhaps Sherlock would even have called it a normal amusement. The sort of amusement old friends get when they meet again several years down the road and discover that they haven’t changed at all and still know each other inside out. But it is Jim Moriarty sitting across from him, smiling like the cat who got its cream, and he’s supposed to be dead and none of this is normal and
Some days, John will ask if Sherlock would like to hear him read until he falls asleep. Other days, John just tells him to sleep well and gets up to give him some peace and quiet. Those days, he feels Sherlock’s hand sneak around his wrist or hesitantly take hold of his sleeve, keeping him close as he asks John to read for him in an already sleep-riddled voice, hugging the duvet closely to him and all but whispering the words out through the cloth. Sometimes, John gets up to leave on purpose just to feel that hand and hear that voice.
John looks at him for a long time. Long enough to cause Sherlock’s stomach to do one whole nauseating somersault. He’s already hearing John’s derision ring in his ears when John smiles good-naturedly. “That’s a rare statement from you, Sherlock. Are you sure you’re alright?” he teases, but then his eyes take on a more serious note. “I’d like to stay. And maybe… I think I might like to stay longer. I don’t want to say permanently now, but… longer.” John pauses as well, giving the message time to sink in or gathering his resolve for what he’s about to say next, Sherlock can’t tell.
But there’s no time. Mary is waiting for a reply and John is afraid what she might glean from his long silences.
“I that am lost, oh who will find me? Deep down below the old beech tree; Help succour me now the east winds blow; Sixteen by six, brother, and under we go…”
She sits down and gestures for John to take the chair opposite. It strikes John as odd, the way she commands him around in his home, invites him to sit in his chair, takes charge of the situation when she’s the guest… but then he’s reminded that this
It’s almost dawn when he and Moriarty make their way back to Baker Street. Moriarty follows him all the way to the front door, watching as Sherlock finds his key, but he hesitates in the door. It instantly replaces the warm, floating feeling that Sherlock has been nurturing all night with a nasty cramp of unease.
exuding from the man as he tries to get John to understand the basics of proteinogenic amino acid combinations in peptide chains is enough to make John forget all about the various trivialities and problems on his mind. Because it might be four o’clock in the afternoon after a long, uninspiring day at work and a twenty minute walk in the rain, but
As it nearly always happens these days, John manages to keep himself together as long as Mary is there. They get into the car, John in the passenger seat. They haven’t even left the cemetery parking lot before Mary starts talking of random things, a movie they have just watched, her last conversation with Cath, that elderly man who always comes into the clinic complaining of first this and then that. Before John knows it, they have left the cemetery behind altogether without him catching a last glimpse of the pine. He tries to tell himself that that is a good thing.
It’s so quiet. Sherlock dimly registers the sounds of traffic and city life intruding upon his silent bubble from the outside. But it all sounds muffled and vague, as though he’s underwater. Perhaps it would be a cause of alarm if he wasn’t so relieved to finally be able to hear himself think again.
“I got to admit… even for me, that is harsh. And to your own little brother. All because you couldn’t stand to be number two, isn’t that it? Poor Sherly. The biggest mistake he ever made was trusting his big brother. You know it’s true. How does that make you-?”
, so he’s still painfully aware of everything that could potentially, under the worst of circumstances, go wrong. It’s only when Sherlock stretches his muscles and relaxes on the bed, loose-limbed and purring contentedly like an over-sized cat, that John is able to let go a little and
When Mycroft does eventually enter Sherlock’s hospital room, he surprises John by remaining completely silent. The man who, if possible, is more incensed than Sherlock that he be given the last word doesn’t make a sound. Perhaps it’s because he senses John’s emotional fragility. Perhaps he has nothing to say. He just places himself in the only available chair, which is on the opposite side of Sherlock’s sickbed from where John is sitting. He leans forward ever so slightly, resting against the handle of his umbrella and looking for all the world as though he’s sitting in his office on any Saturday afternoon, reading a paper and sipping a cup of tea. Not one emotion is evident on his face. It should infuriate John, but it doesn’t really. Just like everything else, it feels as though it’s happening somewhere far away.
He just waits until they leave again and Mycroft leaves with them. Mrs. Hudson gathers her things as well when it begins to get late and says she’ll be back first thing in the morning, which makes John’s stomach drop a further fifteen stories as he ponders why that wording sounds awfully familiar.
“I wrote my own version of the nativity when I was a child.” Jim is sitting on the dining table that mostly serves as an unofficial desk, looking out of the window down on the street below. From his tone, Sherlock easily infers that whatever he’s looking at isn’t able to keep him entertained. Recognizable. Jim can see. Jim isn’t included in Sherlock’s
“You always feel it, Sherlock.” His eyes are intense on Sherlock, not a trace of mockery left. “You always feel it. Pleasure. Pain. Love. Heartbreak. Gain. Loss. Life. Death. You can try to get rid of all those complicated little emotions from this moment until judgement day. You will never succeed. You always feel it, Sherlock. But you
The sad truth of it is, though, that Sherlock doesn’t have it in him to feel the least bit frustrated. Not where Rosie is concerned. Had it been any other two-year-old being escorted around in Hyde Park in her pushchair by a doting parent a couple of days before Christmas, exclaiming loudly about the snow without being able to pronounce her words the right way or string a sentence together in grammatically correct fashion, Sherlock would likely be more than a little annoyed. Quite possibly, he would be of the impression that the doting parent was fooling themselves into thinking that just
It’s too much. This whole day, all this pain and grief and loss and heartbreak... it all collapses on top of him in that moment. One more stab of pain and then those creaking doors are blown wide open.
“I’m not crying,” John corrects her, but even that, true though it is, comes out as a strangled gasp. “I’m not crying.”
It feels like coming home, which Sherlock can’t help but puzzle at, as he can’t recall them ever having done this before. Casual intimacy had been an everyday occurrence back before the Fall, unavoidable with two people living in such close proximity to one another for months. Exchanged glances that Sherlock, with his limited vocabulary for such things, would be hard pressed to describe as anything but fond or even affectionate had happened more times than they perhaps should have. The occasional fleeting touch of hand to hand or even hand to knee had… well, that had happened too.
Sherlock deposits Rosie on the floor to take off his coat and scarf before he steps inside properly, likely hoping to keep the melting snow from his outer layers off the floor. But Rosie evidently has other plans. She rises immediately, resolutely using the coffee table for leverage, and before Sherlock has a chance to stop her, she’s across the floor in the direction of John’s armchair, leaving a nice little trail of puddles in her wake.
John takes a deep breath before he even tries to begin, thinking his thoughts through to the end before he dares to voice them.
But John has already made up his mind to stay. He’ll stay until Sherlock wakes up, no matter how long that might take. He wants to be the first person to know when it happens.
He probably ought to do something about this. It’s long overdue, who knows how it’ll look down there? He’s almost afraid to look.
Then his eye takes in the rest of the scene. John is sitting on a chair, his wrists secured to either armrest and his legs restrained in similar fashion. He’s kept his head down since they entered, but he looks up when they stop in front of him, revealing a long strip of tape pulling on either side of his mouth, no doubt shoved rather unceremoniously on top of some kind of cloth to prevent him from speaking. He looks calm enough, though his nostrils flare up with every breath, whether from anger or fear. The bravery of the soldier.
He has to struggle with himself to reach out and put his hand on the door handle. It’s cold, untouched for years. Still Sherlock knows what is behind it. He may have been able to force himself to forget temporarily, but it has always been here. Waiting deep down below the old beech tree.
If Sherlock had to pick one person, just one person out of the entire population of planet Earth, that Sherlock cares about, trusts, knows… that person would be John Watson. Sherlock cares for and trusts John Watson more than any other person, and that care and trust has been there from the very beginning. It feels as natural as breathing. Always has, which is strange to say the least considering Sherlock’s backlog of relationships. But John Watson has a habit of becoming the exception to the rule on just about every rule Sherlock has ever had. Knowing John Watson, however, truly understanding him… that is a massive undertaking that Sherlock has spent several years on and still finds to be far less complete than he would have liked. As simple as John might seem on the surface, there’s a whole world beneath that most people never see and Sherlock only manages to catch the most elusive of glimpses of every once in a while.
They don’t talk about it. Sherlock seems downright averse to serious conversations at the moment, preferring their casual banter of old. Despite this, it seems to John as though he’s actively pursuing their newly established moments. As though he’s either counting on John to somehow figure out what it is he’s trying to communicate or, just like John, struggling to figure out how to begin this conversation that they keep not having. Well, if Sherlock is waiting for John to figure out the meaning of it, he is in for a disappointment. John can barely figure out how to breathe properly while it happens, how could Sherlock possibly expect him to pick up on whatever that look is supposed to mean?
Sherlock takes a long time to reply. John gets the impression that there’s a very long way from Sherlock’s ears to the interpretational centres of his brain and an even longer way from those to his vocal cords. It’s a far cry from Sherlock’s usually so precise and rapid comebacks. A stark reminder that he is still very much not alright.
John enters the living room to find Sherlock sitting partly upright on the couch, staring towards the kitchen with a strangely intent look on his face. The instant John emerges, it’s replaced with an expression that he has no idea how to interpret. Sherlock sags slightly as though the tense anticipation has been drained away and replaced with relief (or disappointment). A miniscule frown line appears between Sherlock’s brows. His lower lip vibrates (trembles?) slightly as he lets out the breath he seems to have been holding.
John listens. But that hesitant smile that John would have described as being a bit shy if it had graced the face of anyone else than Sherlock Holmes is enough to make a feeling spread throughout his chest that John isn’t quite sure he wants to dwell on for too long.
Once again, thank you so much to missdaviswrites on Tumblr for the challenge and the prompts and thank you all so, so much for reading!
By now, it’s happened at least half a dozen times. It should start to feel like a routine, a new part of their dynamic just like Mary is. It just doesn’t. It catches John unawares every time and steals his complete attention. It seems a bit not good, to be honest.
And going back with Mary now would have been a mistake. John feels it right down to the core of his being.
It’s only a moment of terror, though, a knee-jerk reaction. Then John’s medical training kicks back in and allows him to kindly yet firmly insist that everyone pull a little back so that Sherlock can have some room.
Sherlock himself has fallen silent, that unfathomable, saddened look returned to his eyes. But it only lingers for a moment. “Moriarty was dead, but his network was still active. It would have taken years and years to track down every branch, infiltrate and take them down using conventional means.”
This isn’t going to escalate. John is here while Sherlock is recovering. It’s only reasonable, he has every right to do this. It’s a completely understandable and fair course of action and Mary is just going to have to live with that. She doesn’t truly have anything to complain about.
Mycroft turns towards him then and John is struck by how much this resembles a court of law. A court of law that he very much doesn't have the patience to deal with right now.
An expression flickers across Sherlock’s face too fast for John to interpret it. “Oh. Well, I suppose we could do that. If you have no objections. I don’t expect…”
Within ten minutes, he finds he’s leaned his head against John’s shoulder. Being close to John somehow makes everything a little less unbearable. His presence is soothing somehow, much better than Sherlock’s recently acquired self-stimulatory habits.
John presses his lips together without meaning to. He’s always hated that particular quirk of his, it’s so easy to spot and so damning an indicator of his thoughts.
Sherlock has had crushes before. He’s had long-term fascinations and been instantly attracted to strangers. Some of those attractions were acted upon, a few of them even resulted in a little light petting. He’s even been attracted to someone he knew he should never attempt to approach, someone who crossed the line from sensually dark to downright dangerous. And even him, Sherlock found a way of being with, if only in his own mind.
They order two cups of coffee and conquer the only table tucked away in a corner that’s still not occupied. All the tables in the centre of the cafeteria are still free. Most people in hospitals need a bit of privacy.
John doesn’t even have time to wonder why Sherlock would have oil in his drawers before he’s already opened the uppermost. To his surprise and suspicion, he finds a bottle of pharmacy-approved, state-of-the-art lubricant along with a packet of condoms that looks to be of significantly better quality than those John usually uses. He shoots Sherlock a dirty look, but all he gets in response is a shrug and a smirk.
He pulls back. Just as abruptly and with just as much force as he used to push Sherlock back a few seconds prior.
Sherlock hesitates a moment with his reply. This is it, isn’t it? He came back. He gave his word and he kept it. Why? Sherlock is still formulating possible hypotheses, but the facts remain.
The staring contest between John and the door carries on for at least ten seconds, but unfortunately, there can only be one winner. John awkwardly bends over, easing the bag from his shoulder down onto the wet pavement and placing the milk and eggs on top. They better not slide down. John isn’t in the mood for any further obstacles.
It’s difficult to argue with your wife, your best friend and your own guilty consciousness at the same time. John sighs and nods.
The air between them ignites once again, an electrical current passing from one to the other and back.
There is no signal on his phone either, which is odd to say the least. Since when has it been difficult to get a signal right in the middle of London? Sherlock briefly searches for one, but nothing comes up.
to ask, and that’s… there’s no excuse for that. I’m just… I’m sorry. It doesn’t even begin to cover it, but I don’t know what else to say, so there’s that. And I’d like to hear about it. All of it. Not right now, of course, but when you want to talk about it, I’d like to hear it. And that evening too, at the restaurant, that was… Jesus, I was such a mess. But again, that’s no excuse. And I’m sorry for that too.”
The first is a newly published re-assessment of all the evidence surrounding the Jack the Ripper murders. John had pointed out an advertisement for the book in a shop window a few weeks prior and Sherlock had seemed genuinely intrigued. Whenever the Ripper case is mentioned, Sherlock will always scoff and say that he could have solved the whole thing in an afternoon if only he had the necessary information. Perhaps the promise of new material has piqued his interest.
Mary lingers for a moment, glancing towards John with a look that’s clearly asking him to speak up in her defence. But John doesn’t know what to say. He’s confused by Sherlock’s words and shocked by his suddenly blatant distaste for Mary, but he can’t deny the truth of his argument and that makes him hesitant to defend her. It’s true, he’d told Mary what he wanted and she had blankly refused to abide by that. He’d told her that he needed time and even been clear that he understood if she couldn’t give him that, but she’d gone ahead and completely changed the rules of the discussion, ignoring every word when he'd tried to tell her how
John shakes him once, firmly. There’s absolutely no response. Then he shakes him again, firmer still. No response.
Sherlock is hesitant with his answer. He obviously knows where John is coming from and what question he means to ask next. Still, his answer hits John even harder than he had predicted.
The illusion of the illusion is broken when John’s phone vibrates in his pocket. It’s exactly seven o’clock. Just as the last one was at exactly three o’clock. Jesus Christ on a bike, she’s taken to texting him at set times now.
A finger is placed over his lips (slightly shaking, damn them) and the sheer reality of that touch alone is enough to pin Sherlock to the spot, voice cords curling together uselessly. He is not asleep. He is not high. He is not seeing things. This is real.
For just one moment, the only thing Sherlock can hear is a ringing silence as every voice and sound in his head falls quiet. His headache collapses in on itself as though the exploding star that has been his brain the past months has finally reached a breaking point and now transforms into a black hole, pulling all noise and fear and doubt with it.
They’re both laughing now, but it only lasts as long as their thoughts remain on the situation, the incident, before they recall the case as a whole. Remembering the case is sobering. It had been the last one, really, before everything ended. A kidnapping of two children from a private boarding school, orchestrated by Moriarty and done in such a way as to leave only the scantest of evidence. The sort of evidence Moriarty knew that Sherlock alone would be able to pick up on and utilise. All of it just to plant that single seed of doubt in Sherlock’s integrity in the minds of the police, that single seed that would grow into a formal arrest and a kidnapping charge within 24 hours. That had been the end of the good times.
The second is another children’s book actually, one that John had taken a look at during his first excursion to Waterstones, but then decided against because it had seemed a bit too mature for Rosie. He’d gone with a story about a donkey instead. But this one is about pirates and Sherlock bloody loves pirates, it’s his biggest childhood fantasy. Good thing John’s gotten this one as well now. He can make it a joint present for both Sherlock and Rosie. John smiles just thinking about Sherlock looking through it with her, the way Sherlock’s eyes will sparkle as they always do when he’s talking of something that interests him and the way Rosie will babble and giggle hysterically whenever Sherlock arrives at the conclusion of a story.
Sherlock sounds small and lost. Sherlock is not small and lost. Sherlock is self-confident and sassy, bratty and entitled, arrogant and so full of himself he’s almost literally larger-than-life. Hearing him like this, sounding for all the world like an insecure little boy afraid of saying the wrong thing, admitting that he’s not actually a machine, admitting, perhaps for the first time, that he has emotions and feelings and feels just as lonely as anyone else would in his place, that he isn’t impregnable or invulnerable… It feels so goddamn
“Sherlock.” Jim’s voice cuts through his. “Don’t tell me you don’t know why he is here. We both know this is where the real problem lies. Everything you don’t like about yourself… he carries all of that. He makes you weak, Sherlock.” Jim’s eyes look almost black even in the bright light of an overhanging factory lamp.
They settle back on the couch with two bowls of risotto and John turns on the telly even though neither of them seem to watch it. It’s a terrible habit, really, to turn the telly on just because you’re sitting in front of it even if there’s nothing you really wish to see – John’s doctor side should be far more appalled than it is – but there’s always comfort in familiarity. Even Sherlock seems to find it cosy, despite his general aversion to crap telly and the distinct lack of quality on the BBC on a boring Wednesday evening. Sherlock finishes his bowl much to John’s secret delight (secret because Sherlock would refuse to have another bite should John be fool enough to voice his opinion) and gradually slides down the couch. Eventually, his head comes to rest against John’s shoulder and he pulls his legs up under himself, effectively snuggling up to John’s side. And John puts an arm around him, because
But she calls again one morning. And this time there are no accusations, no sarcastic tones, no harsh truths being spat in John’s face through the phone.
A part of his brain is screaming at him to keep his bloody mouth shut and not ruin everything. If he speaks now, he can’t take it back. But then, they’re both stuck in this sometimes-perfect-sometimes-unbearable limbo until one of them decides to say something. It might as well be him.
And John would rather be engaged in this constant inner struggle, feel all this guilt and regret and confusion, fabricate excuses for himself and try to convey his sincere albeit strained regrets to Mary than be a bad friend to Sherlock. It seems there is nothing for it but to grit his teeth, endure, attempt to keep his thoughts on track and hate himself a little bit more every time he fails.
They end up each in their own chair talking of nothing in particular for the remainder of the afternoon. Just like old times.  John tries to bring up their previous conversation several times, looking for just some sort of confirmation from Sherlock. An admission that he acknowledges the severity of the problem and isn’t going to just let it continue. But Sherlock is clearly not interested in having this conversation. Whenever John strays too close, he immediately changes the subject, and when John tries to approach the issue more directly, he simply shrugs him off and tells him to stop fussing. Which causes John to get frustrated and Sherlock to get cheeky and then they’re back to square one.
With this evening’s conversation, John has no trouble recognising his own words from all those moons ago. Even more, he understands why Sherlock chose to remind him.
Jim’s hands feel impossibly warm on skin that’s rapidly growing slick with sweat, but there’s no accompanying sense of discomfort. His hands are warm without being clammy, strong without being limiting, a far cry from Sherlock’s previous experiences. He might be a virgin, but he’s still a man in his thirties  and he’s frequented his fair share of places associated with a high risk of being on the receiving end of sexual advances, from gay clubs to seedy back alleys designated for shooting up. He is not wholly unfamiliar with the feeling of hands on his skin and lips on his face. But nothing has ever felt quite like this before.
As though everything around him is just window-dressing, a reality pulled down in front of his eyes, his ears, his nose, his tongue, his skin. And here he is, right in the middle of it, and the door is locked and the windows won’t open and no one will hear him shouting. He can’t get out.
John’s grip on Sherlock’s hand is now so ferocious as to be almost painful for both of them. But Sherlock isn’t likely to feel it. Nor is he likely to hear the insistent screech of his heart monitor.
things. When he slides his hand across a sofa, he can feel the texture of the fabric under his fingers. When he enters the basement, he can feel the cold emanating from the walls. Just now, when he ran up the stairs, he’d felt the strain in his muscles.
If there’s a slight hesitance in John’s kiss as he registers, decides and files the information away, Sherlock either doesn’t notice or doesn’t respond to it. His lips don’t pause for a moment, exploring John’s with all the fervent curiosity Sherlock always exhibits when encountering a new and unexpectedly delightful phenomenon. It’s almost akin to a deduction, the way Sherlock’s attention is focused squarely on John and on nothing else, and it provides John with a strangely intense satisfaction to think that he’s able to spark that kind of interest. Of the two of them, Sherlock is usually the childish one, at least by John’s estimate, but there’s no denying that a certain part of John preens to feel so at the centre of Sherlock’s unyielding attention.
It wasn’t always like this. It used to be easy with Mary. With Sherlock, it used to be as natural and obvious as breathing. But John wanted it all. And now he’s taken it without the faintest idea of the Pandora’s Box he’s opened.
, but then he’ll use those exact words and that exact disarming smile on a witness only to ruthlessly drop it all the moment he gets what he wants. He’ll make John question whether he cries his heart out or rolls his eyes in disdain when the door closes. He’ll make John hate himself for questioning Sherlock’s feelings just because he can’t put them into words and then make John hate himself for investing so much in a relationship with a man who, by his own admission, is a high-functioning sociopath uninterested in human emotion.
. His skin is practically burning, his heartrate is dangerously elevated and he’s showing no response to the various stimuli that John is providing. Although not an expert on the subject, John knows enough about drug overdosing to know that every second counts. The signs that Sherlock’s body is currently racing straight towards a heart attack are so obvious that John doesn’t even need his medical background to make a deeply disconcerting prognosis. Yet there’s absolutely nothing he can do to help except sit here and
how relieving it is to feel just a tiny bit like himself again. To feel in control after months and months of struggling to balance all the pieces, much less manoeuvre them around the board. At long last, his head feels whole again.
Sherlock loves him still. Whether he’s real or imagined, a phantasm brought about entirely by Sherlock’s own loneliness and desperation or a fragment of a real person who somehow managed to imprint himself onto Sherlock’s hard drive like a virus, it doesn’t even really matter. He was
And that’s not even beginning to cover the range of questions, some of them more accusing than others, that John is left with. Despite what Sherlock might think, the least pressing is how he actually did it. The most pressing… that’s more difficult to answer. There are many candidates. Just answering one of them would have been a good start, but Sherlock had been as characteristically unobservant as ever when it comes to actual people other than himself and apparently couldn’t be bothered to come up with anything better than
The exclamation is at the tip of his tongue, but it doesn't come. Instead, Sherlock just stares at him, and Moriarty returns his gaze. That amused smirk deepens.
Sherlock has no words. No words to say, no words to describe, no words to comprehend. But he needs to. He needs to say, to describe, to comprehend, badly, so he forces his tongue up against his teeth, forces the scant air remaining in his lungs to squeeze out of his too-narrow throat, forces his lips to form those words that he doesn’t have. The result is about as good as can be expected.
It’s as though he's a house of cards. He collapsed at the wedding (perhaps even before that – perhaps it started all the way back in Serbia if Sherlock is being honest with himself), and since then the cards have been lying on his desk, every piece present but a poor representation of what it used to be. Sherlock has spent ages trying to rebuilt himself only to see it fall apart again and again and again until the very thought of trying one more time had become exhausting and sad, failure a foregone conclusion. Now, card by card, Moriarty is helping him maintain his balance while the tower is rebuilt, higher and higher.
… “it was something I have been thinking about for a while.” He hesitates. “For quite a long while, actually.”
In the end, Sherlock thinks, maybe it doesn’t matter if it’s real or not. Maybe what matters is that Sherlock feels cold to the bone and lonely as he never has before and if Moriarty is the only one offering even a hint of warmth and company then so be it.
What’s more, Sherlock shouldn’t even want it in the first place. When Sherlock has always tried to keep himself distant from emotion, it has been for this exact reason. He’s always known what would happen if he allowed himself to grow close to someone. He’s always known that his heart would be the end of his head, that love is a dangerous disadvantage, that emotional reactions cannot be trusted. He’s always known that. And
So yes. With the way things are between the three of them at the moment, prettily combined with the current situation and the uncertainty and guilt it brings… Mary’s welcome is wearing thin at about the same rate as John’s excuses. Which isn’t exactly helping to ease his guilty conscience either.
Sherlock sees himself as he must look from the outside: manic, shivering, his eyes wild, his movements frantic. Scared and desperate, pathetically begging an empty room to produce a companion. Does he believe that the walls might listen to him, bring John to him faster? He doesn’t know. Would it be more pathetic to actually believe that the walls could hear him or would it be worse to beg the walls knowing full well that it’s just words and thoughts emptied into the air? This, he also does not know. Sherlock honestly doesn’t know what he knows anymore, what there’s left for him to know.
Sherlock responds with a small smile. He doesn’t say anything more. Just lies with his hand in John’s, their fingers entwined just so, until he falls asleep.
“It’s as if… as if you were looking at yourself through a mirror. It’s not you… but when you raise your hand, it does the same, and when it raises its hand, you know the reason. It’s as close to it as I can get.”
“I have to think,” he says, looking into her eyes. “I have to… figure out what I want. Because I honestly don’t know. I don’t know what’s going on and I can’t figure it out because I’m afraid of what I might find.”
Jim’s eyes search his. Sherlock has no doubt that he can read the reasons as clearly as the regret, shame and guilt.
Sherlock feels a short stab at that. But he doesn’t know how to reply. How to explain. He isn’t even sure he knows the answer himself. But he isn’t about to let John brush his concern off so easily, not now when it’s finally here and likely to stay. Not when he actually is concerned, slightly despite himself perhaps, but unmistakably so.
and it’s almost more than John can handle, knowing exactly what bad thing Sherlock’s eyes are referring to, what bad thing he always does and the consequences it has had for him this time. For all of them.
That doesn't hinder just a smidge of traditionalism from sticking with John, though, a smidge of traditionalism that exalts at the prospect of a completely traditional family Christmas with decorations and presents and Christmas cookies and stuffing and carols and snow outside and Rosie in red and friends coming over to give them the compliments of the season.
John barks out a laugh. He’s too tense to manage more than that at the moment, but he does appreciate Sherlock’s attempt to sound just a little more like himself.
I want to thank you all for having read this fic and I hope you've enjoyed reading it as much as I've enjoyed writing it! I'm also exceedingly thankful for all the wonderful kudos and comments I've recieved on the way. They warm my heart. Hopefully, I'll be back in the near(ish) future with a new fic and I hope to see you all there!
“You had so much potential, Sherlock. So much potential. And here you are. You’ve thrown it all away.”
But that’s the thing about all these conversations that they keep not having. It just never seems to be the opportune moment. John closes his mouth again.
But there’s something else too. There’s always been something else. And as John brings up one forbidden image of Sherlock hidden away in the deepest, most private recesses of his mind after the other – Sherlock lying prone on the couch with his dressing gown slipping off, Sherlock straightening his suit in the mirror before going out, Sherlock rustling his curls to make them appear more luxurious, Sherlock looking up from his microscope to meet John’s gaze with that intense expression of excitement - there’s little doubt in his mind what that something else is. Sherlock is beautiful. He always has been, with his slender built and rich curls, his sparkling eyes and perfect cupid’s bow. John has always seen it. And if John had been… overtly… interested in the same sex, then he would have acknowledged to himself a long fucking time ago that Sherlock overshadows everyone else in that department as well. That’s why John could never keep his girlfriends for long back then. Next to Sherlock, they just left him feeling utterly disinterested, physically and emotionally.
But they can and will be hidden away, for now. John has other things to think about at the moment. Placing these considerations on top of everything else happening to and with Sherlock right now would be a step too far, a burden too many.
And yet, for him, there is only John. Friends don’t protect him. John protects him. He’s always protected him. From the very first day, he’s protected him, against the world and against himself. He was right to say that he didn’t have friends. That he’d only got one. And he lost that one, through his own foolishness and weakness and because it took him too long to say what he really wanted to say. He let the chance slip through his fingers. But now, in spite of everything, he’s been given another chance. And this time, he hasn’t let it slip through his fingers. This time he’s held on to it. John is in his arms now, as unbelievable as it feels to think that.
He brings up the image of Sherlock from his dream this morning, pictures him standing there in the doorway to 221B the day after they’d first met. The moment Sherlock had let him into his life and saved him in ways he didn’t even know he’d needed saving. After the excitement, danger and camaraderie of the army, everyday life had felt dull and meaningless by comparison. After the plain mundanity of life back in London, being with Sherlock had felt like a veritable explosion of colour and passion. Everything he did was exciting, everything he said outrageous. That extraordinary brain, that sharp wit, that untameable attitude. Those things, John has always allowed himself to register. To be attracted to.
John lets his gaze wander from the wine list to Sherlock’s face, noticing for what seems like the umpteenth time lately that he is looking tired and pale. Not in a very noticeable way, Sherlock does look superficially alright. But one doesn’t have to be the world’s only consulting detective to notice the dark circles underneath the slightly red rimmed eyes. It suffices to be a doctor knowing the patient well. Sherlock clearly doesn’t sleep enough at the moment, but that’s nothing new. John can verify from personal experience that Sherlock’s sleep cycle is highly disturbed at best. He has a habit of staying awake around the clock while on a case and then burn out completely and recuperate for days on end after wrapping it up. Somehow, through the years, his body seems to have learned how to cope with that. The only problem is that, as far as John is aware, Sherlock is between cases at the moment. And yet he’s been looking less than his best for weeks. To John’s great relief, his hair and clothes are as immaculate as ever, demonstrating that he is still making an effort and thus not under the influence of anything other than sleep deprivation and boredom. To John’s great discomfort, he seems utterly indifferent to the prospect of finding a new case, devoting himself entirely to the wedding preparations. John really ought to check up on him.
Still, the atmosphere is a lot more pleasant than it has been for months. In a sense it’s the calm after the storm of this morning. They sit together, talking of anything and everything, just the two of them, just like they used to. It feels comfortable and safe and warm and John can feel the anger drain out of him by the minute, relaxing him more than anything has in God knows how long. Which brings up a lot of issues that he would rather not contemplate. Like why it doesn’t feel this way when he's with Mary. John tries to tell himself that it’s just a matter of settling down and getting intimate. He has, after all, known Sherlock several years longer than he’s known Mary. But really, it’s just something he tells himself because that’s what you’re supposed to tell yourself in that sort of situation and he knows it. He’s married to her, he lives with her, he’s been with her in every sense of the word. It’s difficult to get more intimate than that. And yet it’s still with Sherlock and Sherlock alone that he feels this deep sense of comfort, as thought everything that's troubling him is going to be alright and he hasn't just been on the edge of a full out angry explosion for the past several hours because his best friend has relapsed on drugs.
Does it count as hearing voices if what you’re hearing is just yourself arguing? Sherlock has always argued with himself. Everyone does so from time to time and it’s a useful tool when one has to deduce a crime scene. It allows you to turn the evidence around in your head, examine it from all angles and exploit every opportunity. That’s supposed to be normal.
Maybe John will reconsider if Sherlock tells him why he had to go away. Maybe John will reconsider if Sherlock tells him what he has spent these two years doing. That’s what he said, wasn’t it?
But Sherlock... Sherlock is and always has been the antithesis of John's rational want, just as he seems to be the antithesis of everything else in John’s life. The ordered, the ordinary. The boring, the predictable. The safe. Sherlock is diving headlong into the unknown. Abandoning any and all reason for a rush of adrenaline and a racing heartbeat. He tears through every pretense John builds up, however carefully curated. It had taken him a few hours to skyrocket from perfect stranger to centre of John’s universe when they’d first met. It had taken his supposed death and more than a year of grief-stricken loneliness before anyone had been able to replace him in that position.
When they’re in their chairs, Sherlock refusing to sit like a normal human being and instead lying down sideways, his legs over the armrest. And they talk of old cases. The big ones with press outside trying to catch a glimpse of them and the newspapers full of speculations the following day. The small ones where only the client knew and paid them with Victoria Sponge. The difficult ones that saw Sherlock at his most brilliant, working tirelessly for days on end and shaking like a leaf at the conclusion from a combination of sleep deprivation, malnutrition and caffeine overload. The simple ones that saw Sherlock at his most infuriating, snapping at police, victim and John alike for being slow and generally throwing as many insults at the world as possible until the formalities could finally be wrapped up and John would reluctantly contend himself with having to listen to Sherlock’s rants until a new case came along. And John wishes for the last three years and everything they’ve brought with them to all be undone just so they could return to the times of those cases.
I really hope you enjoy the eleventh chapter of Icebergs! Please let me know what you think with comments or kudos, they are greatly appreciated and they really help get me fired up for writing this story!!
As Mary leaves and John feels bad, he repeats that like a mantra – he stays. He may have fucked things up, deeply and irrevocably, may continuously fuck an increasing amount of things up, but at least he’s staying this time. He’s staying to see this through, staying right here either until Sherlock wakes up or until every hope of Sherlock ever waking up is abandoned. He left once. He’s not making the same mistake twice. That he swears to himself, silently but solemnly, as he shifts in a vain attempt to make himself more comfortable and prepares to spend the night where he belongs: huddled up in a hospital chair by Sherlock’s bedside.
By the time two doctors emerged from the A&E to deliver much awaited yet gut-wrenchingly dreaded news of Sherlock’s condition, John could have sworn that no less than an eternity had passed. And that despite the clock seeming to indicate that it had, in fact, been closer to half an hour. That was fifteen minutes ago.
A mild TRIGGER WARNING before we begin: Certain parts of this chapter are quite intense and might come across as a little stressful. I'm honestly not sure if it's all that bad, but here is your warning just in case. You should be okay, it really isn't all that much, but if you want to be 100% safe, feel free to either skip the last quarter of this chapter or even skip the chapter entirely. However, seeing as what happens now is essential for the plot moving forward, I've provided a handy dandy summary of what happens in the chapter notes at the end which you can consult if you feel you might be triggered. But as I said, it isn't that bad and you should be fine. I just wanted to give you all the option.
If you are interested in some Christmas Johnlock fluff from yours truly, the first part will be up right here on my AO3 on December 20th. Until then, thank you so much for reading and season's greetings to all!
“You know, I’m quite pleased with you,” he says as soon as he pulls back, which is far too quickly for Sherlock’s liking.
Of course he would. If Sherlock was really here, he would have given some perfectly logical, rational explanation. And John would have hated him for it. Because that was never the point. John doesn’t care about logic or reason in this case. Rational arguments matter little to him. The point is that Sherlock went to his death on his own, alone, deserted, in disgrace and John wasn’t even allowed to be there with him until the end.
Sherlock scoffs, but his gaze remains on the floor. “Oh, don’t be so dramatic. I’ve decided nothing of the sort.”
For his part, Mycroft doesn’t look particularly impressed either. It’s with a deep sigh that he turns back towards his brother. “Where are your supplies? We will need to confiscate everything you have in your possession and it will all be over so much quicker and easier if you just tell us where we should be looking.”
He tries to listen only to his brain, he really does. Despite what Sherlock might think, John isn’t entirely unfamiliar with the concept of suppressing one’s instinctive desires through logical thinking. John just doesn’t go through with it all the way as Sherlock seems to do. He doesn’t turn his desires off. He just… replaces them with more rational, respectable,
Mycroft scoffs derisively, mirroring John's sentiments. "Do you honestly think anyone in here is willing to believe in you? Doctor Watson might be gullible, that's true-" John makes a mental note to bring this up with Mycroft later, "but he's a doctor too. And I regret to inform you that there are decided limits to your credibility in this situation. You restricting your substance abuse to the occasional night out on the town when you have the entire flat to yourself isn’t really a believable scenario, wouldn't you agree?" He hesitates a moment, clearly picking out a point of attack. "Your bedroom door is shut, I see." Sherlock stirs at that, raising his head just the slightest millimeter from the armrest, and Mycroft pounces immediately. Like a vulture descending on the prey. "Why would a man who has never knowingly closed the door without the direct orders of his mother bother to do so on this occasion?” He straightens up, crosses the living room in one, two, three steps, arrives at Sherlock's bedroom door, closes his hand around the handle and...
He doesn’t stop to think about his sexuality. He doesn’t stop to think about Mary. He doesn’t stop to think about Sherlock not feeling things like that, because now he knows he was wrong and he will not be able to question that ever again.
Sherlock hesitates a moment with his answer. He looks… conflicted, for lack of a better word. Then a very quiet mumble.
Because what if it isn’t just murder victims and potential perps in there, strangers Sherlock has just met and will never know personally? What if Sherlock has tiny little replicas of people he knows stored in there too, like some kind of game pack? He did say he based their behaviour on everything he knew of the people they were based on in real life. Naturally, he’d be able to simulate the behaviour of people he knows well with much greater accuracy than that of a total stranger. What if… what if Sherlock has a tiny little replica of
John sighs again, but lets it rest. One has to choose one’s battles and Sherlock’s boredom isn’t an opponent John feels capable of defeating.
Sherlock nods and John immediately lets it pass, smile returning to his face. “I got some beans too, and some eggs. I thought I’d make a bigger breakfast tomorrow if you’re interested. Well, as interested as it’s possible for you to be when it’s about food.”
. This is what he’s been missing, what he’s been looking for with John and Victor and everyone else he ever thought cared for him. Someone who doesn’t want to make him good, who doesn’t him to be normal or nice or moral, who just wants him to be who he is and who encourages him to be the greatest version of himself that he possibly can be. Someone who understands him, understands who he is and what he needs, who isn’t afraid to give it to him and see how far that might take him and what he may yet become. Someone who sees and wants the great man, not just the good one. Someone who knows that
, dancing attendance somewhere in that uncontrollable brain of his? The thought doesn’t bear thinking about and yet John suddenly has to know.
Not good as in how he might have felt if Sherlock had never been gone. John definitely doesn’t feel that what Sherlock has done doesn’t matter, not for a second. This isn’t some bloody movie set in a perfect world where you can just decide to say
If John’s mind wasn’t decidedly elsewhere, perhaps Sherlock’s obvious weight loss would concern him more. He puts much too little weight on John’s legs for his size. John’s arms encircle him too easily and with too much length to spare. His buttocks are much too pointy, digging into John’s thighs – or at least they would if Sherlock had been able to muster enough weight behind them to actually dig into another being. His fingers feel long and spindly at the back of John’s head. It doesn’t fully register. But John is a doctor and, no matter how distracted, he can’t help but notice and respond with worry. Still, he tucks the thought away. There will be plenty of time to discuss this later and plenty of meals to correct it.
Everything is as it should be at Baker Street. John lets himself in using his own key that he still keeps at the insistence of both Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson, shouting a greeting in the direction of 221A on his way up the stairs and receiving Mrs. Hudson’s reply at the halfway point as per their usual routine. Sherlock is in the kitchen, bend almost in half over his microscope, and his only greeting when John opens the door to 221B is little more than a noncommittal hum to let him know where to look. As soon as John enters the kitchen, though, Sherlock has looked up, apparently all set and ready to start his explanation. And for the next five minutes, John can’t get as much as a general “how are you?” wedged in between the long list of ergo’s and from which it follow’s streaming out of Sherlock’s mouth at a frankly alarming rate.
Sherlock takes a breath in, holding it for a second before letting it out again as deeply as possible. He empties his lungs as best he can and pictures himself opening the front door of his mind palace. Opens his eyes to look down the hallway even though his eyes in the body lying on the sofa remain closed.
feel oppressive in his chest, stretched to bursting with nowhere to go. A river lapping at the top of the dam meant to contain it.
“I don’t know about Mary,” he says, as true as can be. “I haven’t thought this through. I haven’t thought any of this through, Sherlock. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
into his nose. What Sherlock can’t stop picturing is John’s expression, at first openly disbelieving and heartbroken before morphing into a closed off mask of hostility and contempt. That had been a harder slap than any physical slap could ever hope to be.
That being said, I really hope you're enjoying the story. If you want, please, please, please comment and/or give kudos, they're the stuff dreams are made of and I really appreciate your feedback. You can also contact me on my tumblr, @the-signs-of-two, if you have any comments, questions or just want to get talking. I'm always open for that!
To John’s surprise, it’s Sherlock who makes the opening move. He must have noticed how uncomfortable John is starting these conversations. John would be warmed by the gesture if he wasn’t so uncomfortable starting this conversation.
I hope you will enjoy this chapter! And as always, thank you so much for reading and feel free to leave comments and/or kudos, they are so wonderful and inspiring to receive!
expression has entered his eyes. “But I want to help. You named me best man,” he argues in a slightly petulant tone of voice that clearly signals a tantrum coming on. He’s obviously feeling both rejected and underappreciated, neither of which was John’s intention.
If Mary truly isn’t coming back, it might be Sherlock’s fault, but only because John was too weak to claim Sherlock’s words as his own.
. Almost as though John’s appearance in his life was an event comparable to the birth this whole holiday is built up around (the latter of which, by the way, is wrongly dated both when it comes to the year and likely also when it comes to the date, having been moved to the end of December in order to correspond with heathen solstice festivals in Northern Europe – how come no one cares about these things?)
He raises the phone to his ear again, resigning himself to whatever snide remark Mycroft has chosen for his coup de grâce. But what he hears is not at all the comment he expects.
He smiles at that, though it’s not his usual smile. Not the slightly arrogant, smug little smirk that he seems to have patented. A genuine smile, a soft one that reaches his eyes and makes them shine. It makes him look a little older somehow, a little more worn around the edges. A little less of the razor-sharp mind taking everything in with perfectly unbiased objectivity and a little more of the world-wearied man who’s seen as much of the world as John and probably noticed much more along the way.
“Alright. No hospital. But let me get you off the floor at least. You want me to put you in bed or should I make a bed for you on the couch?”
And it’s such a relief to be doing all of this again. Such a relief to feel certain that the deductions he makes are correct. Such a relief to actually have some confidence that he once again knows how to do this. Such a relief to finally begin to feel a bit like Sherlock Holmes again. It’s been far too long since he last knew what that felt like.
But never mind. Rosie is delighted by the bright colours of her new ensemble and the cookies, John had assured him, had been more than passable.
They must be from his two years abroad then. A cold, sinking sensation reaches John’s stomach at that realisation. He’s never even asked about it. Because he always thought…
When Sherlock wakes, he finds John on the couch, elbows on his thighs and hands gathered in front of him. He’s looking straight ahead, unseeing, eyes empty and focused on nothing but his own pain. It’s nauseating to witness.
And yet when Jim’s teeth close oh so carefully around his bottom lip and applies the gentlest suggestion of pressure, Sherlock’s brain teeters on the edge of a breakdown. The intensity of activity is almost too much to handle and Sherlock’s inhalation comes in the form of a gasp. Jim seizes the opportunity to replace his teeth with his tongue, an act which Sherlock has always found deeply distasteful during previous kisses. With others, it’s always felt a bit dirty and disgusting, too sloppy and wet to provide any kind of satisfaction. With Jim, it’s somehow sensual and intimate, hot in all the right ways. It stimulates the growth of a tight heat in his lower region and an itching in the tips of his fingers to
What almost hurts the most, though, is that John doesn’t even know what the problem is. This thing that he's been able to pick up on again and again during the past week, that seems to be haunting Sherlock every time he's reminded of it, that causes this sad, distant look on his face whenever he thinks John isn't looking... why can’t Sherlock just tell him about it? Why can’t he share it? Whatever it is that's weighing on his mind like this, doesn't he know that John wants to help? Isn’t John his best friend?
Maybe he should just get it done. The only way forward is forward. Don’t overthink it, just say what you mean to say. The things you wanted to say, but didn’t say. The things you wanted to say, but never got the chance to say. The things you wanted to say that were for Sherlock’s ears alone and couldn’t be said to anyone else. Say them now.
When Sherlock might wake up again is anyone’s guess, but it shouldn’t be more than a few hours, which rules out the possibility of John going home to run himself a hot shower and sort through his own thoughts. Instead he settles for calling Mary as soon as the doctors have finished with their explanations. She picks up before the second ring, receives the news and promptly announces that she’s coming over, middle of the workday notwithstanding.
This time, being less emotionally wrung out and insensate from worry than he was on the day of Sherlock’s admittance, John is once again struck by just how abnormally normal Sherlock’s parents are. Looking at Sherlock and Mycroft, one wouldn’t exactly picture their parents as an ordinary, elderly couple, fretting and chatting and referring to their children by endearing little nicknames that they both seem to despise. The first time John had seen them, shortly after Sherlock’s return to London about a year ago, he’d inquired (somewhat disbelievingly) if those were really his parents, to which Sherlock had simply replied that their ordinariness was a crux he had to bear. That certainly seems to be the stance Sherlock is taking as his glances in John’s direction during their one-hour visit progress from overbearing over exasperated to downright pleading. The first thing he does as the door closes behind them is to express his relief. With as much coherence as he can muster, which at this point seems to be a deep sigh and a mostly controlled eyeroll. John has no trouble intercepting the meaning, though, even if he isn’t quite sure he feels the same.
The words are meant to be soothing, but they just annoy Sherlock all the more. As if he doesn’t know where he is, as if he doesn’t realise it’s over. Since being hurried into the back of a van two hours ago outside the facility where he’s been kept for the last three weeks, Sherlock has been perfectly clear-headed. They’ve been unable to give him more than a maximum dose of painkillers and something to quench his fever, insufficient to cause any lag in his awareness of the situation. They’re still not out of Serbia, but they’ll cross the border into Hungary in less than an hour according to Sherlock’s calculations. From there, they’re heading for Pécs to catch a private plane back to Britain. Mycroft hasn’t said so, but Sherlock knows his brother’s favoured spheres of influence. Once they’re aboard the plane, he will be given a hefty dose of antibiotics to combat the infections in his system, the unfortunate souvenirs of spending 20 days in a rusting cell under a constantly leaky water pipe with open cuts. Hopefully they’ll have a cigarette for him as well.
It’s not like that anymore. Now John and Sherlock go on a case and Sherlock has to fight to stay focused because everything inside of him is drowning in hurt and confusion and hopelessness.
John cringes internally, perhaps even externally. Mary’s voice is not condescending, she isn’t deliberately trying to make him feel guilty, she’s just stating the facts, but somehow, that’s even worse. It’s not words that hurt because the hurt was by design. It’s just the truth and it’s hard to hear.
Sherlock indulges, and has always indulged, under very particular circumstances. When he’s bored. When he’s frustrated. When he’s lonely. When he’s depressed. When he’s bored or frustrated, he prefers cocaine. It sharpens the mind and allows him to focus on anything he desires, which makes it perfect for combatting Sherlock’s bouts of apathy, but decidedly unsuited for use during his moments of emotional instability. When he’s lonely or depressed, he tends to go for heroin. It dulls the senses, which he would rather be without, but the numbing indifference it brings with it is simply too good to resist. It makes him not feel.
“Why didn’t you call me?” His voice is strained with emotion, but at least he manages to keep himself from shouting again.
Mycroft doesn’t say another word and John doesn’t feel the need to make conversation, so they end up sitting in a relatively comfortable silence until John receives a text from Mary a few minutes later, informing him that she’s waiting outside. He gets up from his chair, throwing a glance in Mycroft’s direction and a quick “It’s Mary” by way of explanation. Just a habit, Mycroft never needs telling when it comes to such matters. John may have just prided himself on knowing the Holmes boys and their bag of tricks better than most people, but he's somewhat out of practice when it comes to dealing with Holmes the older.
it breaks John’s heart and yet there’s a part of him thinking that Sherlock has never been more beautiful, never been more real, never felt more sincere. Never been closer. As though the moon, ever ethereal and beautiful to behold, yet so mysterious and remote it feels like something from another world, has suddenly allowed John to touch it. To feel its scars and craters. His heart seems to swell as surely as it breaks.
The hours pass. People come and go. Molly and Lestrade are the first. Sherlock’s parents arrive late in the evening. Mary offers her condolences. John hears himself think that he ought to do the same and then wilfully ignores it. Sherlock would say that there isn’t space on his hard drive for niceties.
He keeps returning to the image of Sherlock lying in his armchair, pale and dejected. Almost sort of hollow in a deeply unsettling way. Completely disinterested. Until John had started shouting, anyway, which he also feels bad about. This is not Sherlock’s fault. An addiction is difficult to break and living alone just makes it all the harder. John knows this. If it had been anyone else, he would simply have shaken his head sadly and conceded that a relapse, bad though it may be, is not the end of the world. He really shouldn’t have shouted at Sherlock. He just hadn’t been able to help himself, which sadly seems to be a common occurrence these days. It’s not just Sherlock’s nerves that have been more than a little tattered as of late. John seems to snap at everyone at the moment, much to Mary’s annoyance. And much to his own annoyance, really. It seems pointless and ungrateful to be frustrated still. Everything ought to be so good now. Sherlock is back, and they’re good together. Mary is his wife, and they’re good together too. Sherlock even seems to like Mary and vice versa, which is more than John dared to hope for before he introduced them. The stress, hurt and guilt of the last two and a half years ought to be lifting. It just isn’t.
Sherlock is staring back at him, betraying nothing. Mycroft is the one being deduced on right now. Those eyes bore into him as though they are unravelling everything he’s got hidden away, exposing everything he would rather have remain unknown and uncommented on. The uncomfortable image of the frog tied down for an autopsy, waiting to be pried open and forced to give up all its secrets… Mycroft has never felt closer to that unfortunate amphibian than in this moment.
body anymore... if he tried to explain, just maybe John might be able to understand, at least a little. If anyone could understand, wouldn't it be John?
Mycroft appears within the hour, characteristically uncalled for in every sense of the word. No one’s contacted him. He must have been keeping tabs on Sherlock in order to get here this quickly. John can’t be bothered to feel offended on Sherlock’s behalf, not even roll his eyes or make a sarcastic remark. He just feels a vague frustration that Mycroft has enough surveillance on his brother to track his movements and yet only shows up now, when it’s already far too late. Perhaps it’s even a slight sense of betrayal, John doesn’t bother to check. Having the power to stop disasters from happening in the first place yet preferring to let the events play out and then look into solving the problems after said disasters have already happened… that could almost be considered a Holmes family trait.
Make that audio-visual-tactile as Sherlock picks up a slight discomfort coming from his left hand. It’s being squeezed with considerable force and there’s a voice, too, a familiar voice, he’d know that voice anywhere, it’s…
His shoulders sag a little, some of the tension draining away. Exasperated is something he can do. Being a doctor is something he can do.
“John… would you rather have gone with her? Should I… should I not have said anything? I didn’t mean to… I just wanted to help,” he says, helplessly.
All those things John has been holding back for years. All those things he couldn’t tell Sherlock or his therapist or Mary or anyone else. All those things he can barely tell himself, even in the privacy of his own head. All those things that keep resurfacing over and over again. While Sherlock was the only one John was close to. While Sherlock was gone. While John was in therapy. While John was alone and in mourning and curled up in the foetal position in the darkest corner of his bedroom. While John was out drinking to cope. While John was with Mary. While John proposed. And now while Sherlock is back and John is technically engaged. It’s like having a song stuck in your head. You can’t get rid of it. You can’t let it go until you’ve finished it and John doesn’t know the words.
Still… there’s no denying that the thought is tempting. Sitting here in John’s lap with John's strong arms around him, feeling perfectly at ease for the first time in… well, for the first time. And yet he still fears that it might all be ripped away from him again any minute. Good things have rarely lasted for him in the past and this is the best thing that’s ever happened to him. If he messes this up…
Everything inside of John seems to twist then, and he very briefly feels as though the floor has disappeared from underneath him. His stomach drops, his vocal chords tangle themselves up in knots, the blood rushing past his ears drown all other noise and his brain seems to screech to a halt as the adrenaline floods his system with more force than it has at any point since the last time he was knelt like this over Sherlock’s body, staring blindly at the blood on the pavement.
For a few precious seconds, there’s nothing else. Nothing but the here and now, with Sherlock’s body warm and pliant in John’s arms, his hands in John’s hair, his lips on John’s lips. The rest of the world is far away, hazy in John’s mind as though he’s thinking about it through a fog. What exists is all right here in this very room. It’s transcendent. The culmination of years of longing and even John’s excessively keen imagination has failed to do this justice. This is all there is. Everything else can go to hell.
to take that into consideration? Or maybe it’s guilt. Guilt that thoughts and feelings have started to creep back in through the cracks and have only widened them in the process.
“Well… she had rather a lot to say, as it turns out. But basically…” John pauses, whether for dramatic effect or in a last-ditch attempt to avoid having to say whatever he has to say. Then he soldiers on.
If only he didn’t have to make all of these decisions like this, scrambling around in the dark with no rhyme or reason, struck dumb by the smallest conundrums that he used to lay bare with ease. The thought passes his mind, fleetingly, but it’s as though it’s the last small branch that has been keeping a dam at bay. Now it breaks down and so, it feels, does Sherlock.
“I understand,” she says again. “It’s… what it is. It’s not ideal, but we can deal with it.” A bit of warmth returns to her gaze. “We can deal with it, John. I think we’re strong enough. But you have to want it, John. We can do it together, but it has to be what you want. And you called me here today because it’s what you want, isn’t that right?”
He doesn’t know what to say to Sherlock about it either and just ends up passing on her regards with no further comments or elaborations. Sherlock makes a non-descript sound at that, but there’s no telling what he’s thinking.
When John is here, things aren’t good. But at least they’re better, so much better, than when Sherlock is here alone, trapped with nothing but his own thoughts for company. John makes things better. He takes Sherlock out of his own head, forces him to engage, forces him to participate in whatever small capacity Sherlock is capable of. He may not understand Sherlock the way Jim did, but he doesn’t judge him the way other people do either, at least not for now.
sort of smile, John is mostly just feeling inclined to rip her to shreds, verbally like an almost sane person or physically like anything but.
glad to see him fail to miss. It’s not even that exciting, pretty straightforward case of false identity solved by Sherlock in a record three hours and forty-two minutes although he claims that he had the answer all figured out way before that on the cab ride back to Baker Street. Still, it very much is just what the doctor ordered, although the doctor’s recommendations in this case has nothing to do with the fresh air and everything to do with the company. Being just the two of them again, being out and about solving cases again, even the more mundane ones… it feels better than John would like to admit.
Sherlock meets his gaze again and John is taken completely aback. There are no tight lips, no flexing jaw, no clenching and unclenching hands, no hint of hostility, no attempt at daring John to do anything. There is only the saddest, most pleading expression John can remember ever having seen.
And it’s Sherlock. Beautiful, brilliant Sherlock, who never loses his composure in the face of murderers and terrorists, who didn’t bat an eye when Irene Adler (whom John must begrudgingly admit was an exceptionally attractive woman) leaned in so close to him that he must have had a front row seat to her cleavage, who’s said time and time again that he abhors all emotion. That same beautiful, brilliant Sherlock is now in bed beneath him, stark bollocks naked, and pulling him down on top with a burning urgency in his gaze and a burning urgency detectable at a place still lower. John finds that he has no problem whatsoever maintaining his erection in the presence of Sherlock in this state. On the contrary, the real problem might be to control himself long enough for this not to end rather embarrassingly prematurely.
“No, you don’t understand!” Sherlock’s voice rises. “It is real! It’s… just because it’s a simulation I do in my head instead of on a computer doesn’t mean it works any differently. I run experiments in my head as I run experiments in my lab. I go into it with a blank mind, I set everything up precisely as it was in real life and I run my experiment completely objectively. I factor in every possible determinant, I replicate the laws of physics, I take care to simulate the behaviours of others based on every piece of information available to me! My simulations are better, faster and more accurate than anything you can do on a computer!”
John doesn’t reply. He doesn’t want to do as Mary says, he wants to stay with Sherlock and look out for him. He isn’t even sure that Mary is correct in assuming that Sherlock doesn’t need help anymore. But how can he say no when Mary phrases it in such a way? When everything is said and done, it’s probably true that he needs to get some time away from Sherlock if he wants to give his and Mary’s marriage a chance. Being around Sherlock… while it feels as though it’s doing wonders for his soul, it isn’t doing anything positive for his conscience. Nor is it setting him on the path to happy matrimony, quite the opposite. A part of him knows that Mary is right: if he stays with Sherlock now, will he really be able to go back to Mary later? And even if he should, would it be reasonable to expect that Mary would still be there when he finally decided to go back home?
“What’s tonight?” John is momentarily stunned as the potential humiliation of having to remind Mary that they have a dinner date tonight at an extremely expensive restaurant in the Marylebone Road that John would never ever dream of entering under normal circumstances and has spent weeks planning flashes before his mind’s eye. Then Mary starts to laugh at his flustered expression. “I know, I know. The Landmark, eight o’clock. I remember. Unlike some people, I don’t forget my appointments.” Her tone is kept light and teasing and she gives him a quick peck on the lips as she passes him by. John briefly closes his eyes, pressing his lips together. “Right,” is the only response he can come up with and he leaves it at that.
He sits still for a moment. There’s a sudden warmth in his chest that he finds difficult to keep under control. It breaks through the next second in the form of a deep smile, the kind of smile that pulls at his mouth in an uncontrollable wave and crinkles the corners of his eyes in a way he’s always thought made him look old, even back when he was still in his twenties.
think beyond the here and now. You never know how many moments you have in the here and now. John has learned that lesson the hard way.
“Sherlock?” John must have noticed his brief second of hesitation. When their eyes meet, John’s are full of mild enquiry.
Then he places his own hand on top of Sherlock’s as he sits down on the edge of the bed, fingers curling around Sherlock's as gently as John feels capable of. He doesn’t think too much about it. It’s what feels right.
Anyhow. Sherlock is on his best behaviour. He does his best to not let his exasperation show when his mother asks him for the fifth time to come with his parents back to Sussex while he’s recovering or when Molly asks him how he’s feeling in so timid and lengthy a fashion that John feels his own patience wearing a bit thin just listening to it.
It’s like a swift kick to the gut how quickly Mary picks up the phone. How delighted she sounds at hearing his voice. How quickly she agrees to come over. It’s been a long time since John last felt such an overwhelming sense of guilt. On the floor beside him, Sherlock listens, but makes no comment. His eyes remain fixed in front of him. It almost looks as though someone has pushed on his off button. But he’s most definitely listening.
Sherlock looks thoroughly unimpressed. “I was in full control of it,” is all he says to defend himself. As if John as a doctor could believe that and just accept it as the truth because Sherlock tells him to.
But he can’t stop now, can he? Having listed all of Sherlock’s social shortcomings and acknowledged how easy it would be to misinterpret them as evidence for malice, he can’t really leave it at that. And it’s not that he doesn’t want Mary to know or believe that she wouldn’t understand him. On the contrary, Mary might be one of the few people who would actually be able to take John’s explanation at face value. It’s just… too close. As though he needs to be careful or he might say too much and reveal parts of himself that he’d rather want hidden away and forgotten about. Especially now with Sherlock waking up just a couple of floors above them.
Sherlock’s head has snapped towards him the moment John forced the door up, but now he’s not moving a muscle. He’s watching John, sadly and silently, not attempting to cover what has already been revealed, letting him look his fill.
The physical discomfort had mattered very little. Sherlock has endured far worse during the last month and he’s on hefty painkillers at the moment. Had he been in a fit state, nothing John did tonight would have caused more than a slight annoyance. Here he thinks especially of the bloody nose, that might have been a nuisance whether it hurt or not. But John hadn’t known that anything was amiss.
Finally, finally, FINALLY I am back with chapter six of Icebergs! And first and foremost, I do apologise. It has been more than two months since chapter five, some of the delay has been a trip to London, Christmas, New Year's, exams in January and starting school again in February, but some of it has also just been the chapter itself. It took me a really long time to write, it was very difficult to write and I'm still not 100% happy about it. And I'm not quite sure why exactly, but this is just one of those difficult transition chapters, moving the story from the opening chapters that stick quite closely to what we see in season three to the actual story itself.
The spectre of Mary flashes briefly in John’s mind as he unscrews the lid and pours the cool liquid out on his fingers. This doesn’t feel the way it usually does, this is new, but it’s not a good kind of new. It feels slippery and cold to the touch and reminds John of the consultation room at work, which isn’t exactly arousing. His momentary lapse in concentration must be visible on his face, because Sherlock registers it with frightening accuracy and echoes his uncertain expression, spread legs and all.
“Serbia. While I… was away…” He’s obviously as loath to mention anything pertaining to the Fall as John is. “While I was away, I travelled around. Eurasia mostly.” He hesitates. “Moriarty was dead.”
As always, thank you so much for reading, thank you to each and every one who leaves comments or kudos, and I really hope you enjoy chapter 10 of Icebergs!
It’s not just Sherlock that he blames though. Most of all, he blames himself. For being blind enough to fall for Moriarty’s obvious trick. For not staying with Sherlock when he, despite what he might have said, had needed John the most. But more than anything, he blames himself for what he said and what he didn’t say. That the last conversation they had other than that final phone call had been John shouting at him, calling him a machine, asking him if he even knew how to feel… those few moments have haunted John ever since almost as badly as the sight of blood on the pavement. He’ll never forgive himself for those words. He’ll never forgive himself for not knowing that that was the last real conversation they’d ever have.
It makes John feel… not bad, not per se. Conflicted would perhaps be a more fitting word to use. He’s grateful for her support, more than he could ever say. Isn’t it in moments like this, when everything is such utter shit, that people show themselves for who they really are? And Mary has turned out to be more than John could have ever hoped for. That makes him feel good. Thankful, content, perhaps a bit humbled. Confident that he made a good choice when he chose her.
I’d come home. But to leave like that, under those assumptions, and not having seen you at all, not having actual first-hand proof that you were, you know,
It takes a second. It takes quite a lot of seconds, actually. John begins to count them out in his head after a few moments. He’s at sixteen before Sherlock finally gets a sound out.
He’s so relieved that he feels himself dangerously close to tears as he turns to look back up at Sherlock’s doctors. All three of them are bend down over the bed in much the same fashion as himself and sport a confounded yet pleased expression likely similar to his own.
him come, he just turned up. And he was the only one who did,” Sherlock adds, almost accusatorily, as if John could have just decided to show up in Sherlock’s Mind Palace if he could have been bothered to do so.
He longs to reassure, to comfort and protect. But what Sherlock is saying… John can make promises, but there’s no guarantee that he will be able to keep them. Because Sherlock is right. John has a life far away from Sherlock now, a life that’s only temporarily allowing itself to be side-lined. Mary has most graciously decided to let John stay here for now, but it won’t last. And Mary is his wife. This is not how it used to be, back when John had one girlfriend after another and, despite thinking of them as important at the time, had very few moral qualms about pushing them aside in favour of Sherlock at a moment’s notice. He’s committed to Mary in a way he never was to any of his previous girlfriends. His responsibilities are different now. So should his priorities be.
But he’s tired. John can tell. Only when it’s just the two of them or when it’s Mrs. Hudson who’s paying a visit do Sherlock’s shoulders sag, his jaw lose its tension, his hands unclench.
It’s painful to admit it, but John doesn’t have anything else to say. The wish to simply let it all be undone, to pretend this never happened and go back to their easy, uncomplicated companionship flares up again and it takes all of John’s willpower to fight it back down.
now and simply take her questions at face value. She’s his wife and Sherlock’s friend, she’s been worried about both of them and that’s all there is to it.
Mary is working a shift at the clinic today, but she’s sure to stop by when she’s off. And when she does, it’s highly likely that she’ll attempt to convince John to come home with her again. Not because of work. John has called in sick from work today and plans to do the same tomorrow. Either way, Mary would never be so inconsiderate as to expect John to go be a doctor somewhere else while Sherlock is in hospital. What Mary most likely
Two minutes later, Mary closes the door to a deserted hospital room and turns to face him with an understanding smile that feels every bit as genuine as the smiles of the doctors feel forced. Both of her hands are on his cheeks, caressing his face gently as she whispers soothing little nothings to him as one would to a child.
John is still there when Sherlock’s eyes reopen, leaning in over him and smiling reassuringly. His mouth is moving, he seems to be speaking, but Sherlock can’t make out the words. It’s not that he can’t hear him speak, not per se, but the sounds all seem to morph together into one steady hum. The words themselves are completely lost on him.
Maybe John can ask Mycroft for advice on a book that would live up to Sherlock’s standards. But that would lack the personal touch, wouldn’t it? Sherlock wouldn’t need to know that John had gone to Mycroft for help, of course, but the point still stands. At least John can’t let that be his only present for Sherlock this year, that’s for certain. He’ll have to figure something out to go along with a book, something a bit more personal.
Sherlock tunes out, curled up into his customary ball on the sofa, and waits for Mrs. Hudson to give an exasperated huff of “Well, really!” and leave him be.
The angle is far from perfect. Sherlock is reclined in his chair, Jim is bending over him from behind. They’re upside down in relation to one another and Sherlock can’t see much more of Jim than his neck and the top of his tie. It’s still the most intimate moment that Sherlock has experienced to date. And it’s quickly becoming a strong contender for the best.
Logically, John had known that being inside another man would feel different to being inside a woman. As straight as John has tried to make himself appear, he has had thoughts, especially following some rather interesting anatomy lectures during university and some rather too steamy showers during his military days. He’s no stranger to the rodeo. But experiencing it in person, feeling it rather than just imagining what it would feel like…
Deep down, John knows why. In a way, he’s always known it. He’s just never wanted to put a name on it, acknowledge it, turn it into a real thing. Make it something that can't just be ignored. On the other hand, it’s not as if he’s doing a very good job of ignoring it as it is, unspoken or not. And as the clock hand moves towards three-fifteen, John can’t help but start to contemplate whether perhaps it isn’t time to own it. Own it rather than continue in this perpetual state of uncertainty, always wanting to speak and yet always leaving everything half-unsaid, to Sherlock and to himself. It hurts just as badly as it is. Why continue to pull and prod at the arrow rather than commit to just yanking the damn thing out of his chest and be done with it?
Sherlock curls up in his chair. Moriarty is right. Of course he is. It wouldn’t hurt as bad if it wasn’t all too true.
. Work or no work, John has been awake for well over 30 hours by now - if one doesn’t count a truly excruciating 20-minute power nap right here in his chair that left him feeling sore in just about every muscle conceivable. John is a doctor, he knows what lack of sleep can do. He knows that his current level of sleep deprivation isn’t doing him any favours. In combination with the stress and anxiety he’s been experiencing since last morning, it’s positively detrimental to his ability to cope with the situation.
His voice falters. He can’t bring himself to say it. Sherlock can understand. Moriarty had strapped a bomb to John’s chest. He had ordered a sniper to aim at him. He had been the direct cause of Sherlock’s two-year exile. Sherlock had not only forgiven it. He had fallen for it. Succumbed to it and to him, even if he had been nothing more than a figment of Sherlock’s imagination.
He needs to go home, to Mary. But he can’t just do that. Sherlock still needs him and as much as John might resent Sherlock for cocking everything up for him, at least he has enough clarity of mind to recognise that none of it is actually Sherlock’s fault. Sherlock didn’t mean for John to think of him in this way, to notice the things he notices and feel the things he feels. Sherlock is just being himself. He is the unwilling, and most likely unknowing, catalyst of John’s forbidden desires. That is no fault of his own, indeed, it is no one's fault but John's. For John to abandon him when Sherlock needs him the most, all because of an entirely self-made dilemma that he’s only facing because of his entirely self-made problems would not only be unfair. It would be being a bad friend.
Recently, though, Sherlock has noticed that a few of the doors now have a noticeboard beside them saying
Sherlock purses his lips, caught between relief that John isn’t apparently angry and insecurity at failing to provoke any clear reaction. He isn’t quite certain how to interpret that.
Sherlock looks at him uncomfortably. John knows his own limitations, personal conversations being one of the most jarring, but Christ, Sherlock is so much worse. How Sherlock can think that there’s some shame or judgement or… or guilt or who the hell knows what it is that’s kept Sherlock from sharing this with him for all this time… it’s beyond John. Personal emotional conversations, he can understand. Not only are they almost equally tough for him to manage (the reasons for which he’s never been quite sure of – but a natural English social dis-ease coupled with a don’t-ask-don’t-tell upbringing, some not entirely acceptable sides of his personality and a military stiff upper lip might have something to do with it and anyway, it is what it is). Sherlock is a self-proclaimed (a highly verbal self-proclaimed) opposer of everything to do with emotions, maintaining his own personal space with fierce vigilance and never allowing even John much more than a short glimpse of his inner machinations. But this… this is not like that. This is physical trauma. Why it causes Sherlock to shut down like this…
this year rather than experiment and end up with the depressing rush of his own past Christmases or the anti-festive avoidance of Sherlock’s.
They’ve finished eating and are halfway through a contestant’s second attempt at a pavlova before John has mustered the courage to speak. He turns slightly to look at Sherlock, who’s propped up against the armrest on the couch, partly sitting and partly lying with a blanket thrown haphazardly on top.
His pulse is hammering away, he can feel it thundering in his lips. Where is John? When is he going to come?
“You know, the point is… it’d be so easy to blame him for such things. To think he was… I don’t know… to take it as evidence that there was something wrong with him. Deeply wrong with him, I mean. That’s what quite a lot of people think after all. But it’s not actually like that, you know.”
Then there’s a stand mixer for Mrs. H (John hopes she doesn’t take it as a sly request for more baked goods – nothing could be further from his mind), a new anthology by one of her favourite authors for Molly (Sherlock had suggested they go with true crime, John had politely but firmly disagreed), two tickets for the upcoming football match for Greg to possibly share with him (John thinks this is a fantastic idea on his part, possibly his brightest this year) and, yeah, a gift card of 50 quid to a cultural event of her choice for Harriet, although John doubts she’ll get it used and only really got it because he had no idea what else to give, but still feels obliged to give her
He waits for Sherlock’s response for a few seconds, but it never arrives. He could have told himself. Sherlock needs guidance all the way through these conversations, but then again, criticizing him for that is the pot calling the kettle black. John has no room to judge.
When they finally break apart for more than just a quick breath, it’s not for lack of want. John has not had enough by a longshot, but he accedes that perhaps they ought to slow down just for a moment. It’s a certain level of embarrassment to be kissing like raucous adolescents when you’re both circling 40, John just after and Sherlock just before.
Not that Sherlock isn’t enjoying himself in the least. All things considered, this is actually kind of…
John wishes to crawl under a rock and remain there for the rest of his existence at the thought of what Sherlock may or may not have been able to deduce from that slip of the tongue.
, then maybe John would have considered thanking whatever divine intervention he may or may not have summoned. There’s just no such things as perfect miracles. That’s not the way the world works. John ought to know that by now, indeed he thinks he knows that by now, yet somehow it seems as though that harsh truth must be hammered home over and over again, by divine decree or not. John’s initial relief that Sherlock is alive is still there, but it seems more distant now. Though the immediate, panicked fear of losing Sherlock right then and there on the living room floor in Baker Street has been somewhat abated, thanks be again to that aforementioned deity, it has been replaced with a worry that almost seems even more vicious. Blame be on that same deity if they even exist.
“Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly, dreaming I am a man.”
As if that could ever justify what he has put John through. What was it all for? All the long conversations held with the empty air in his bedroom, all the painful stabs in his chest at the sight of a long coat, all the confused ramblings aimed at himself in his guilt and regret, his stream of consciousness going from one thing to the next without ever focusing directly on what it was all about. And now, all of it for bloody nothing, because Sherlock Holmes apparently isn’t even capable of staying dead. Returns from the grave as if he routinely smashes his head to pieces on the pavement five stories below him for the fun of it and then plays hide and seek for two years just to mess with everyone who ever cared about him. Then he turns up without as much as an explanation because John apparently matters way less to him than staging a dramatic entrance.
… that’s the last straw. Neither of them might be the first, but one of them is bound to be the last. And that one is not Sherlock.
John heads out to make himself a cup of tea. It’s dark out, but it’s still a bit early to prepare for bed. Life is going on outside the windows, voices and car horns reaching him from the street below. It’s almost as though they’re in a bubble up here. A small world of their own. Those sounds could be little more than auditory scenery, the background to the action. Lights from the cars could be plastered onto their windows to give the impression of life down there. The illusion that there’s anything but the here and now.
How many times hasn’t he heard Sherlock deflect an attempted insult by proclaiming himself a high-functioning sociopath? John, of course, has always known that it wasn’t true. But what if Sherlock had wanted it to be true? What if every time he had said that, he had wished it could be true? And what about John himself? The times he has accused Sherlock of being unfeeling, of only caring about the case without giving a thought to the victims… the time he called Sherlock a machine. What if Sherlock listened to that and perceived it not as a series of erroneous accusations said in anger and intended only to elicit a response… but as a series of painful reminders of what he tried to be but couldn’t quite achieve? What if he wanted to care only about the cases? What if he wanted to exclude the victims entirely from his mind? What if he wanted to be a calculating machine? What if John has inadvertently rubbed Sherlock’s perceived shortcomings in his face, time and time again?
. Her eyes remind him of Sherlock, how his eyes will positively sparkle on occasion from the sheer intensity of his concentration. It’s the look Sherlock gets in his eyes when he’s trying to manoeuvre a suspect into revealing a compromising piece of information.
It’s quiet in the living room. Not literally, as there are plenty of sounds coming from outside the flat. Mrs. Hudson is hoovering down in 221A and it’s rush hour outside, with multiple buses and cars audible from the street. But inside the flat, it’s quiet. The air is heavy. John wonders if this is what the flat in Sherlock’s Mind Palace had felt like. Or perhaps it’s the opposite: real life is happening outside, but inside, it’s all just window dressing.
But God, that noise! Sherlock can’t even pinpoint where exactly it’s coming from, only that it sounds like nails dragging over chalkboard amplified by a factor ten. The likely point of origin is behind one of these doors, but Sherlock isn’t quite sure which and that makes him hesitant to explore further. He doesn’t know what’s behind these doors, he doesn’t know what he might find. That’s the whole point of the basement: storing things away that Sherlock either can’t seem to get rid of no matter how hard he’s tried or knows he might need for a later date, but has no desire to engage with on a daily basis. It could be anything from any period of his life. A truly discouraging thought.
The next thing John is aware of is an intense smell of freshly chopped pinewood. It’s dark around him, only small flecks of light passing through. People are talking nearby, but he’s too muddy to make out what’s being said. His head is reeling.
Mycroft knows exactly what he’s doing, ripping out stitch after stitch with unerring precision. Drags the last syllable out for a painfully long moment. There is nothing accidental about this. But then again, what did Sherlock expect? Expose yourself and this is what happens. With Mycroft, the price for a blunder like this is just swifter and more precise than with anyone else.
These two first chapters have been such downers, I'm sorry. I'm afraid this is hurt/comfort with a very long way to go before we get to the comfort.
. That in itself isn’t a problem. Sherlock has an entire storage compartment dedicated to things he’d rather forget about, at least temporarily. Among them, as far as Sherlock recalls, is a calendar of birthdays, some family photographs, a couple of lists with headings such as
Sherlock longs for Jim and he hates himself for that. He longs for his smirk, his daring, his humour. He longs for the way Jim seems to understand him without Sherlock having to speak a word. He longs for the way Jim makes everything seem as though it’s alright, encouraging Sherlock to return to who he used to be, to make deductions and let his brain guide his behaviour, yet doesn’t berate him when he fails to do so. He longs for Jim’s acceptance.
But no. John can do better. He isn’t done with what he wants to say yet. And Sherlock deserves to know.
John has to hurt himself to restrain a frustrated growl when he has to pull back for air far too quickly.
“No hard feelings. Like I said, I understand. I truly do. But it’s done now. You can come home, and I think you should.”
The tears finally overflow and he hides his face in one of his hands in a vain attempt to prevent her from seeing them.
John isn’t quite sure how to interpret what has just happened. He feels as though he only picked up on half of what their conversation was actually about and he’s uncomfortably aware of having yielded more information than he meant to.
It takes him less than a second to react. Despite two years living a fully ordinary, civilian life, John’s time in the military and his time as Sherlock’s partner lie just beneath the surface and he turns and starts to fight almost instantaneously.
She nods. Slowly, steadily. There’s calculation in her eyes, outweighing emotion more than two to one. John briefly wonders if he should be relieved that her reaction is not much more violent, but instead it leaves him feeling strangely unsettled. Somehow, he doesn’t find it altogether comforting that she’s so calm. He knows what he’s just said: implicitly, between the lines, no matter how much he might have tried to disguise it, he’s chosen Sherlock over her. He had to make a choice, she forced him into that corner, but he didn’t make the choice she wanted him to and there might not be any going back from here.
The second of this five-part short but sweet Christmas extravaganza, using the prompt "Winter". This one is from Sherlock's POV.
Of course that plan hinges on the possibility that Sherlock’s prolonged state of unconsciousness won’t last much longer. He doesn’t have a back-up plan in case that assumption proves to be incorrect. He doesn’t have a plan for what he’ll do if Sherlock is still unconscious in a day or a week or a month. He doesn’t want to plan for it. He doesn’t want to think about it. What he knows about comas and brain damage and prognoses from medical school is enough to propel his worries into the stratosphere as it is. His imagination doesn’t require any additional fuel.
John looks at him incredulously. Is he really trying to brush him off? Now? Is Sherlock dense enough to think that this is something John will let go?
And so John tries to clear his mind of all thoughts of intense looks, intimate touches and forbidden fantasies as he lets himself into 221 with the key he still possesses at Mrs. Hudson’s insistence and his own reluctance to give it up. He ascends the seventeen steps.
John wants a traditional family Christmas. John is not a very traditional man, no matter what he might try to project. Neither of them are. They solve crimes for a living. Sherlock needs something to use his brain on or it will begin to spiral wildly out of control, pushing him to resort to drugs to shut it down. John needs something that will provide him with a regular adrenaline kick or he will begin to grow restless and agitated, taking stupid risks in order to satisfy his need for danger and excitement. Where exactly
The idea, slowly settling in John’s mind, that Sherlock might have felt like this all along, that Sherlock might have carried his loneliness alone for all this time and that John might have inadvertently exacerbated that loneliness by misinterpreting Sherlock’s lack of ability to express how he’s felt as a lack of ability to feel anything… if that’s true, how can John ever even begin to set it right?
. There are no records anywhere in his Mind Palace (and the records he keeps there are extensive) of instances where Sherlock has agreed to participate in something he’d consider tedious or unnecessary without a fuss prior to John Watson. He’s never felt the need to indulge others just for the sake of indulging them, not until he met John.
John hears the unspoken words and, for once, he hears them as plain as day. “Keeping the option open then, are you?” Just saying it makes something deep and dark and hurtful clench inside of him. Losing Sherlock the first time had felt like dying. It’s not something John is willing to relive ever again.
“Yes, it’s snowing.” He gets up from his chair and sits down beside her at the window. “Do you see the snowflakes?”
There’s a click that Sherlock recognises only too well. It’s the sound of the safety being switched off. A moment later, a gun all but materialises out of those shadows and it’s pointed straight at the back of John’s head, waiting… waiting for Sherlock. Whoever is standing in those shadows, he (
“I didn’t know it wasn’t real. It wasn’t because I couldn’t tell something was wrong. But my brain didn’t put two and two together. It was as if I was dreaming. You know weird things are happening, but your brain doesn’t allow you to understand that it’s a dream. It was the same. I was here, in Baker Street, but… I couldn’t get out. The door was… not locked exactly, I would have been able to pick the lock if that was the case. It just couldn’t be opened. No matter what I did, I couldn’t open the door, I couldn’t open the windows, I could shout for people, Mrs. Hudson or people down on the street, but… but no one could hear me. No one came. No one down on the street reacted in the slightest way. It was just a backdrop, a moving picture, they weren’t
When the silence begins to get stifling, John sighs. He gives a slight nod in an attempt to make it seem as though they’ve reached some sort of agreement and that the past ten minutes of conversation has actually led to something other than discomfort and embarrassment. Then he heads out in the kitchen to make himself a desperately needed cup of tea.
And there they sit. Not a word passes between them, not a muscle is moved. One is leaned forward nonchalantly, not a flicker of emotion in sight, not a crack in his façade. The other is slumped back in his chair. If John had to guess, he’d wager he looks like a man whose whole world has come crashing down around him for the second time. He dislikes it, wearing his heart on his sleeve like this, but he doesn’t dislike it enough to conjure up the energy needed to put on a brave face. Mycroft would see through it anyway, wouldn’t he? No point in trying then.
Moriarty makes it go away, if only temporarily. Figuratively speaking, he cleans the dishes. Tidies the flat and creates paths through the mess. But when he leaves, it’s less than ten minutes before everything is back to the way it was. It’s
John’s nostrils flare with every breath he takes. He’s still so angry that he’s seeing red and it takes almost a minute before he’s able to loosen his posture. He takes a deep breath in through his mouth and lets his hands hang down his sides.
Sherlock finds himself smiling in turn. Even if it can’t last, even if John is bound to eventually grow frustrated with him and return to his new home with Mary, even if John will lose his patience at some point and tell Sherlock to sod off and stop trying to interfere with his life… Sherlock is enjoying this very much while it lasts indeed. It feels a lot like old times, when being with John was effortless and entertaining, completely different from anything Sherlock had ever tried before. Everything John did had been exciting and new, a novel and complex puzzle for Sherlock to attempt to unravel. Sometimes he’d been successful, decoding John’s likes and dislikes or being able to surprise him with a correct deduction, but it had almost been more fascinating for Sherlock whenever he had missed the mark just a little. That John could be so ordinary at first glance – boring case of ex-military PTSD, distinctly middleclass, highly controlled by norms, unwilling to stand out – and yet continue to reveal hidden aspects months later, making Sherlock second-guess his own deductions and keep his overall understanding of John’s character in a constant state of flux… it had been an entirely different experience for Sherlock, one he had treasured more than he’d thought it possible. His social relations up to that point had been distinctly disappointing overall, with very few standout moments and even fewer people able to capture his interest for more than a week or two. John had completely reversed everything Sherlock had thought he knew about other people.
. Their kiss is still relatively chaste and could even be considered tame, at least in comparison to the kisses Sherlock can conjure up from his admittedly limited experience, mostly based on porn and Google searches. And yet the way John kisses him manages to be both so tender that it nearly causes Sherlock’s heart to break through his ribs and so erotic as to make his skin flare up and come alive.
Reluctantly, Sherlock unwraps himself and gets up from the sofa, crossing over to the door. The carpet is soft and accommodating beneath his bare soles, almost tickling him a little. He pushes the handle down… and nothing happens. The door doesn’t budge. It doesn’t even rattle when he shakes it. It’s not locked, he can tell it isn’t when he inspects the locking mechanism. It just doesn’t open. It doesn’t move. Not an inch.
“You mean to tell me that a Business student staying in London for an extended period of time would not get a British debit card?”
And if Sherlock must really be this horribly unforgivably weak, John is the one he ought to wish for. Sweet, trustworthy John. (Who isn’t trustworthy at all, as it turns out.) If Sherlock should wish for anyone, let it be John. John is the one who can truly make a difference, who can truly make Sherlock feel not alone. Moriarty may be able to offer Sherlock some warmth, but it is a brief and dangerous kind of warmth, the short, intense flare of a flame as it ignites and burns itself out in a second. John’s warmth is different, comforting and safe and constant. (And absent.)
Sherlock slumps, the energy leaving him the moment Mycroft’s hand leaves the door handle. He doesn’t meet John’s gaze. He just looks at the floor with that God damn dreamy expression, twice removed from reality, and John really wants to shake him, shake some sense into him. Perhaps he was a bit hasty in his relief that the living room doesn’t have the general appearance of a drug den. It seems Sherlock has just been shooting up elsewhere.
So when Rosie halfway out of Hyde Park asks to “see the birds” before they head home (which Sherlock knows to mean that she wants him to take her past the Serpentine so she can look at the swans), Sherlock finds himself in exactly the sort of doting parental Christmassy mood he’s always loathed in others and his response is not far off the mark either: “Oh, alright then” as he turns around to head back the way they came.
It’s the same with every other reminder. The box with some of Sherlock’s things that Lestrade brought him half a year ago is sitting somewhere in the back of a cupboard. John can’t bring himself to throw it out, but he can’t stand unpacking it either, much less having some of the things on display. The merest glimpse of anything just vaguely connected to or representing Sherlock in the remotest way is enough to make his insides clench up in painful knots and there are enough reminders as it is. Every single street in London seems to be full of them. He can’t face anything more even if parting from everything with any connection to the life he once shared with Sherlock and storing whatever small tokens of him that still remain back into a cupboard somewhere feels too much like an attempt to pretend that he can ever go back to how it was before Sherlock.
Then Sherlock opens the door. He’s still in his sleepwear, though he’s put the dressing gown back on top. He obviously hasn’t rested much, if at all. He slumps slightly against the doorframe, supporting himself at least partially on the handle. He’s been thinking. It seems that whatever had occupied his mind earlier, he’s reached a conclusion. But it’s more than that. Even partly slumping, dressed in his dressing gown and a pair of pyjama pants, his expression is fierce enough to give pause to John and Mary alike. There’s fire in his eyes, but ice in his voice when he speaks.
Sherlock closes his eyes briefly and sighs. “Because you told me nothing, John. We were close in a way, but we didn’t share much. And that hasn’t changed. You told me nothing then and you’re still not telling me much. And unlike with other people, I’ve never been good at reading you. I’ve never been good at understanding you. If you sometimes look at me and wonder what’s on my mind, rest assured I have looked at you and wondered the same a thousand times. You can tell me a little, about Mary and about me, but it’s never the whole story and you’re always holding back. As though you think I would judge you. Is that why? Or have you just never learned how to speak your mind?”
Mary puts her arms around his neck and pulls his head down on her shoulder. She kisses the side of his face again and again, but she doesn’t say anything more, she just holds him and kisses him and leaves him to feel whatever he needs to feel in the privacy of her arms and John can’t remember a moment where he loved her more.
The bit John is reading about Alice McKenzie is found on page 134 of "Jack the Ripper", a part of All About History's bookazine series written by Paul Begg, John Bennett and Richard Jones and published 2015. All credit for that segment belongs to All About History.
that he still exists… it’s like taking a deep breath after being submerged almost to the point of drowning. Even while standing there in the restaurant, his stomach feeling as though it had dropped into his shoes and the floor seemingly gone from underneath him, John had felt it. He had felt
At long last, a touch of the Jim Moriarty Sherlock has gotten to know over the past days. The Jim Moriarty who is his lover and his friend. The Jim Moriarty who seduces and comforts him with every word. Sherlock all but melts into it, desperate for something to cling on to in his free-fall.
John chuckles. “Can’t be that bad. You were going to tell me of your own accord before. If it was something horrible, you wouldn’t have tried to say it.”
“It’s always the unexpected. You know, people think they’ve got him figured out in two minutes flat when they meet him. That he’s an addict or a psychopath or a freak. Or all three.” John shrugs and shakes his head. He’s never been able to let the standard assessment that most people come to where Sherlock is concerned go without expressing his opposition to it. He doesn't really know why he's saying this. “They’ll never really understand him, I don’t think.”
Sherlock unwittingly spares him that as he finally ceases talking and leans back in his chair with that all too familiar “do you get it now?”-expression that John mainly associates with everyone else definitely not getting it and most people being, if possible, even further from understanding the problem than before Sherlock began his explanations. So John merely nods and says “right” in a tone of voice that they both recognise instantly even though that hasn’t been used in quite a while either. It’s John’s old way of saying
Everything that John Watson is and everything that he and Sherlock have… Jim Moriarty is the opposite. There is not a single cell in Sherlock’s body that trusts Moriarty, and that, too, feels as natural as breathing. But Sherlock knows him. Knows him perhaps more intimately than he knows John, which makes Sherlock feel like a horrible person every time the thought crosses his mind. But it
And yet, foreign as the idea may seem to him, he is actually here on some sort of social visit himself. It is only partly with his good will, though, and he’s been putting it off for far too long due to its uncomfortable nature. If only Sherlock could actually learn how to take care of himself. Then Mycroft wouldn’t need to be inconvenienced in this manner, forced to show up at the oddest of times to look after a little brother who ought to be old enough to look after himself yet perpetually fails to do so. It’s been several days since his brother last made any attempt at contact with the outside world, which means that one of Mycroft’s surveillance visits is more than a little overdue.
One voice is urging him to take the easy way out and put an end to all this useless, weak, pathetic pain he’s experiencing. Urging him to let go of what John and Mrs. Hudson and mommy and daddy and society as a whole want him to be, tell him he must be, and instead embrace who he really is and who he really could become without these pesky emotions holding him back. Sherlock has heard that voice all his life with varying intensity. Reminding him what he is (weak, emotional, pathetic, stupid) and what he could be (strong, unemotional, sharp, intelligent). Reminding him how easy it would be to stop himself from feeling. All this pain and heartbreak and hurt and confusion, all taken care of with nothing more than the flick of a switch somewhere deep inside his mind palace, a switch carefully hidden away but nevertheless still accessible. The temptation is palpable as his emotions ratchet up notch by notch. It already started in Serbia. That small whisper in the back of his head that had been relatively quiet for years, ever since he met John. The call to not feel pain. The call to not feel at all. He was able to drown it out in the beginning, at least partially, by reminding himself what he then thought he would soon return to. John, Baker Street, safety, home. Now there’s nothing. No barriers, no defences, just his own stubborn will to hang on that Sherlock feels weakening by the minute. Then there's the other voice in his head. This one, sounding suspiciously like John nowadays, warning him that flicking that switch and permanently disabling his emotions is a desperate measure, not a decision to be taken lightly or in the heat of the moment. Warning him that it could have very serious consequences and that Sherlock has no way of telling what those consequences might be. Telling him that there’s nothing rational about wanting to flick that switch, that it’s emotions making him want to be emotionless and that emotions are not to be trusted with such important decisions. The conflicting voices, a reflection of conflicting impulses and desires… it’s making his head hurt. In truth it’s a balancing act with Sherlock and it always has been.
that isn’t him and yet seems to have taken control of his brain and his body so deeply that he can’t rid himself of it! When he made the decision to seek out that stupid,
Sherlock looks up at him, impassivity once again exchanged for a questioning frown. He’s actually listening now.
Sherlock needs backup. Urgently. And he knows just what kind of backup he is in need of. Someone to offer a few words of encouragement to help him lock away the waves of emotion currently eating away at him. Someone to remind him how weak it is to care. Mycroft might not be a very sympathetic listener, but he’s on Sherlock’s side in this more than anyone else could ever be.
In fact... why not rid himself of the pain? Pull it out at the root? Now that John is gone, once and for all, what’s the point of all these feelings? They’re only slowing him down. Preventing him from becoming everything he could be, from releasing his potential. Making him slow, stupid, pathetic. A weak shell of his former self, trapped behind all his pain, all his despair and frustration and jealousy. All his love. Love that he never wanted to feel, but now he does and it’s worse than he ever could have imagined. Going back to the way things were with John is an impossibility. Going back to the way things were before John is an option. And surely a better one than feeling this miserable all the time. He could do it. So easily, he could do it. His mind palace is already leaking, in tatters, infested with the seep-out from those hidden basement rooms. Why not seek it out and be done with it, once and for all? Just one little prick and he'll be able to find his way down to the deepest levels of his mind palace. Confront the voices that haunt him and rid himself of the emotions that plague him. Just one little prick and it can all be over, right here and right now.
As she straightens, John imagines that he sees Sherlock freeze for the briefest of moments before a deep frown creases his forehead. Mary notices too and ventures to ask if something is the matter, if he’s not lying comfortably or if he needs another blanket. But Sherlock doesn’t reply. He doesn’t even look at them. John immediately recognises the deeply concentrated expression as the one Sherlock usually sports when he’s had a breakthrough in a case and his mind is making deductions and connecting dots too quickly for him to bother trying to explain.
Sherlock looks almost apologetic. As though he feels guilty about having witnessed John’s very private moment of grief. Well… maybe that’s sort of gratifying in the face of John’s utter mortification. That Sherlock has seen him, seen him talk to Sherlock's tombstone, seen him in the grip of his most intimate, most safe-guarded emotions, a moment no one was supposed to know about but John himself and Sherlock has known about it all this time...
Finally, Sherlock seems to snap out of his reverie and produce a non-cryptic response. “Yes.” His eyes are glittering and steely, focused solely on Mycroft. He doesn’t look fully human, not with his rigid posture, still as a statue, or the quick, almost reptilian movements of his head.
Sherlock is shivering. His fingers shake when he holds them up in front of his eyes. Why does he shake? Is he cold? Is it cold in here? It feels cold, yet the thermostat seems to indicate otherwise. Why isn’t John here yet? How much longer is Sherlock expected to wait? If John had just indicated a specific time… Christ, his hands feel cold. But then, so too does his arms, his face, even his neck when he puts his hands against it. Maybe he isn’t actually cold after all. He can’t tell anymore. Pathetic.
And as if only to make what should already be plain as day all the clearer, John’s affections are not returned. Sherlock might reciprocate John’s attachment, in fact, John has no doubt that he does. Sherlock does need John and, in some ways, needs John just as much as John needs him. He feels it when Sherlock asks him to stay a bit longer, when Sherlock smiles one of his genuine smiles because John just made a joke, when Sherlock calls for him from his bedroom and, when John comes to check on him, he says he just wanted to make sure John was still there. John sees that attachment and he believes it. But beyond that… Sherlock doesn’t do things the way normal people do things and he doesn’t feel the way normal people feel.
John places both hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and shakes him roughly. Sherlock’s eyes fly open. He looks around frantically, all but flailing for a moment, before he manages to focus his disorientated gaze on John.
Kissing Sherlock is a million things. It’s equally warm, equally comforting and in many ways equally reassuring in its familiarity. But that familiarity is Sherlock’s familiarity, his scent and his enthusiasm, his warmth and his voice. His body is unfamiliar. John has looked at those lips a thousand times, he’s even kissed them two times before, but this is the first time he's had the wherewithal to really notice how they feel against his, to imprint their shape and their softness in his mind, to pay attention to the way they mould themselves seamlessly against his own. Sherlock’s hands have held on to him a thousand times, but never like this, never with this much urgency. John has shared in Sherlock’s breath a thousand times, during stakeouts and high-speed chases, and yet feeling Sherlock’s warm breath meet and intermingle with his own in the enclosed space between them now is an entirely new sensation, incomparable to anything else. When John raises a hand to Sherlock’s cheek, partly in a caress and partly in order to draw him closer, touching Sherlock’s high cheekbones and smooth skin is not unlike walking on the moon. He’s looked at this place a thousand times before and yet actually being allowed to touch it is on a whole other level. Kissing Sherlock is an intermingling of a distinctively
Still, John can’t help himself. These silences… they’re not too different from Sherlock’s silences of old. But John can keep trying to tell himself that there’s no reason to worry, that Sherlock has always been this way, that he’s just doing as he usually does, it doesn’t help on how it makes John
But this is different. There’s so much meaning in those looks now. Sherlock seems to seek John out with his eyes as soon as he enters the room and refuse to look away when John meets his gaze. He's always looked away before, leaving John with the impression of being observed rather than being sought out for any sort of communication. It's not like that now. Now they’ll just stand there looking at each other without saying anything and yet it feels as though they’re saying everything. Only John isn’t quite sure what it is that they’re saying.
John doesn’t mean for it to come out like that, but he struggles to keep the bitterness out of his tone. If that’s how it happened… Christ! What Sherlock is saying doesn’t just sound bloody stupid and pointless. It sounds dangerous as all hell, so obviously dangerous that John finds it exceedingly difficult to not blame Sherlock for it just a little bit. Taking enough drugs to kill himself, then going into own personal memory condo. Is that how he got himself into a prolonged not-coma? Getting lost in his own head because he was off his tits on drugs when he entered? John can feel his jaw muscles clenching hard enough for his teeth to hurt.
Then John phones Mrs. Hudson, Molly and Lestrade while he waits, feeling strangely responsible for communicating Sherlock’s altered state to his (well,
Sherlock has been left with his emotions. In theory, they should be positive as well as negative. But without John, there’s no one to unleash those positive emotions. That leaves him with 38 years’ worth of problems and emotional baggage to pick through and, seeing as no one is coming to see him, an endless amount of time in which to do so. As an added bonus, his intellect is in ruins and his mind unable to function the way it used to, overcrowded by emotional responses as it is.
John can’t stop himself from drumming his fingers against his knee impatiently as the cab draws closer to Baker Street. It’s not even eight o’clock yet, but he still wishes he could have been here sooner. Sherlock can take care of himself and John trusts that he has done so, but there’s no reason to push his luck unnecessarily, and John had promised to be at 221B first thing in the morning.
Beneath the surface, however, John is fairly certain that he’s not the only one who notices that things aren’t as they seem. Everything is strange. It’s
So perhaps the question is what John himself would say. Given the opportunity, and enough stamina to not let that opportunity slip away, what should he say? He already said some of the things he has regretted not saying before. On the tube the night after Sherlock returned. He’d said that Sherlock is the best and the wisest man that John has ever known. He’d said that to Sherlock’s face and Sherlock had listened and hopefully understood that John means it. Even if he afterwards revealed that he’d once again been just about the biggest cock in the history of the world and made John talk under false pretences. It doesn’t really matter. John had been looking for an opportunity to say it anyway.
The thing is, though, that small acts of defiance, putting on a show of indifference, acting childishly and lashing out is all part of their dynamic. It’s part of what they’ve always done, partly to rile one another up and partly to amuse one another. It’s an aspect of their dynamic that has always been distinctly different from the one Sherlock shares with John.
Here we are, chapter 19. A bit of a slower chapter, focusing mainly on John and his mounting problems.
Sherlock can’t breathe. He has an endless list of questions waiting, but he can’t bring himself to ask any of them, no matter how burning his need for answers is.
He has to force his voice out when he replies. “I wasn’t busy with anything more important than this.”
Slowly, almost meticulously, Sherlock retrieves the key from the bottom of a nearby bowl. It’s one of those horrendous vintages with decoration painted on. This one depicts a house set in its own grounds, partly obscured by lush vegetation. In the foreground, two children and a dog are playing among the trees. Ugly thing, really. He definitely ought to replace that.
No, I have no words. No, don’t just lie there. No, don’t leave me here alone. No, don’t go where I can’t follow you.
“So pretty! All so pretty! Look, look! You think so too!” she says with all the certainty of one who feels so confident in her assessment that getting agreement from others is unnecessary.
“I wasn’t trying to say…” One look from John and he changes course. “What if you don’t want to know?”
John almost physically cringes at that, feeling retched for acknowledging it even if it’s done in the privacy of his own head. They’ve been married a damn month, it’s a little too late for cold feet and a little too early for major regrets. And what about Mary? Mary has done nothing wrong, been everything she promised John she would be and more and yet here he is, lying beside her in
But not about Mary. There are still things Sherlock feels he ought to say about Mary. Things he was preparing himself to say and might still say if John should decide to go back to her. Perhaps that’s slightly underhanded, withholding potentially damning information until he might need it to tip the balance in his own favour. The way Sherlock sees it, though, there’s no reason for John to know if he isn’t going to go back to her anyway. And in either case, Sherlock has no proof. It’s not even something he knows for certain. It’s an inkling and a suspicion, something he isn’t quite certain how to put into words. Something his brain has been trying to tell him for a long time now.
And just like that, Sherlock makes a conscious decision to fix himself and a conscious decision to trust Moriarty to help him do so.
The living room feels even darker and more claustrophobic than usual. Mycroft’s grip on his umbrella is tight, unforgiving, frustrated. He takes a moment to compose himself. Forcing that incessant voice out of his head takes more effort than he would care to admit, and it’s a few seconds before he feels confident enough in the mastery of his own voice to speak again.
It’s different from what John had imagined. It takes him by surprise that his mistaken assumptions about sex between men are this deeply ingrained. His attraction to Sherlock notwithstanding, he’d been certain that it wasn’t as easy or as… as pristine with another man as it is with women. Women smell nice, John has always thought so, while the masculine scent of men has never really appealed to him, not even with some of the soldiers in Afghanistan that he otherwise found physically attractive. But Sherlock has an appealing scent. Not overly masculine, but definitely more musky than the flowery, fruity fragrances John is used to encounter in bed.
standing in his way – Mycroft can sympathise entirely with that. There’s a part of him that has been intrigued by that very idea for years, toyed with it whenever Sherlock has allowed logic to yield in favour of sheer emotionality. But there’s a long way from logically imagining what might be done about a problem to actually attempting to go through with something as drastic as this. To do something like this requires every bit of heart that Mycroft does not have and thus cannot fully understand.
John can feel himself squint slightly in suspicion. He doesn’t fully understand where Mary is going with all of this and that makes him anxious. He sincerely regrets bringing the subject up to begin with. But how could he have known she’d dig into him like this? And seeing as she’s asking… well, he owes it to her to be honest, doesn’t he?
His eyes are sincere. John is almost tempted to ask him to repeat himself, but he acquiesces before John has a chance to ask.
Also, I am DUMB!! For some reason, I never noticed the big, obvious "Reply" button under the comments section, which is why I haven't individually replied to any comments before now. That is hereby rectified. I don't know how I could have missed it, but... well, you live and you learn. I will attempt to reply individually to all comments in the future as well!
For a short second it’s just that, a touch as light and fleeting as a ray of sunshine. As if asking permission. Then Sherlock tilts his head slightly and John places both hands on Sherlock’s cheeks, pulling him closer and deepening the kiss at the same time. Sherlock’s lips are warm against his own, soft and pliable and yet John isn’t satisfied. He opens his mouth the slightest bit. Sherlock follows suit and their breaths intermingle in the minute room between their lips. And just like that, the tenderness and hesitation morph into heat and all pretence of restraint go out the window. John pulls Sherlock closer still, urging their bodies to press against one another's, and Sherlock’s hands reach for his shoulders, holding on to him with a feverish desperation.
to distract themselves from the frightful, boring tedium of their pointless, uninspired existences. He’d hardly given the subject another thought since, apart from its not-too-uncommon appearance during crime investigation.
Mary lets her breath out through her nose. It almost sounds like a chuckle. But it’s just an exhale.
It’s not because they necessarily need to be “a proper family”. Hell, that battle was probably lost a long time ago and John doesn’t really mind. He’s lived with Sherlock on and off for more than half a decade by now and he’s learned the hard way that Sherlock and
Again, thank you so much to missdaviswrites for the challenge and the prompts, thank you so much for reading and Merry Christmas to all!
“Why couldn’t I just be…” Sherlock continues, his usually impeccable vocabulary all but gone in his pain. “What I wouldn’t give to not have this mind, to not think like this, to just be normal! Or to not have these emotions, to not feel like this, to be just my brain and nothing else! Why must I be this way? Why must I be trapped in between, always and always and always? I don’t want to be this way, John! I never asked for this, I never wanted this, I don’t want to be this way! I don’t… I don’t..."
It’s quickly developing into John’s standard shorthand for conveying to him that Rosie is unlikely to be able to understand what he’s saying to her.
“We wait, I guess. I wait. For Mary to say something. Make a decision about us. About me… But in the meantime, I suppose I stay here. Because that’s what I want to do. I have that from a reliable source.” The corner of John’s mouth twists upwards in what Sherlock would term a mischievous smirk if it didn’t come across as so damn sad.
“It wasn’t right, the way I left,” he finally says. “I would have told you if I’d been able to, really, I would. But just because I wasn’t able to tell you the truth doesn’t mean that what I did was right. Just because it couldn’t have been different doesn’t
But it’s more than that. Apart from those few moments of desire every now and then, Sherlock genuinely has no want to indulge.
John lifts him up, supporting him to the best of his ability as Sherlock half-walks and half-drags along behind him to one of the chairs. John deposits him there while he sets about making the couch ready for him, stripping off the pillows and stuffing a sheet down around the edges before fetching Sherlock’s duvet and pillow from his bedroom. It’s not the most pristine sleeping arrangement John’s ever made, but it’s passable. Sometimes three years in Afghanistan does come in handy.
Sherlock mounts the seventeen steps up to 221B with something resembling pain. The weight he’s been carrying for so long has returned to weigh down his steps. He closes the door behind him, not bothering to check if it locks. Maybe it’s because he doesn’t care. Maybe it’s because he’s confident that it was never, in fact, locked, and it was all just in his head. Sherlock favours the latter despite its troubling implications for his sanity. Rather a fool before and a genius now than an uncaring existence throughout.
But Moriarty does nothing wrong. He isn’t bothering him, isn’t mocking him or belittling him. He doesn’t even appear to be condescending towards him. He just sits in John’s chair, easily reclined against the backrest, legs crossed casually in front of him and a small smile that might be a smirk seemingly permanently plastered on his face. Sherlock would describe it as
John feels his frown lines deepening. This is new. Mary doesn’t sound upset, exactly. Just flat, simple, stating the obvious.
! And John can stay at home with his pretty blond nurse of a wife who has all the right curves in all the right places and always knows the correct way to act and speak, who doesn’t come packaged with any questions for John to struggle over in his own utterly constipated, ineffectual manner.
Sherlock shakes his head with all the determination he can muster. “No. No hospital.” He holds John’s gaze, his eyes blazing with intensity, and John realises that Sherlock won’t be moved on this matter.
The best thing to do would probably be to come clean, but John just doesn’t dare. It would cleanse the air, yes, and move everything out of this horrendous state of uncertainty and unspoken feelings. But to tell Mary would be unbelievably cruel. What would he say anyway? That he loves her for who she is and is eternally grateful for what they have, but he only really got together with her in the first place because he badly needed someone after Sherlock’s supposed death? That now Sherlock is back and it’s possible for John to compare them, it’s getting increasingly obvious that Sherlock must and always will be the single most important person in John’s life?
“I know, but I was bored. I chose it because it was much less academic than my other chemistry books.”
The air seems to stand still for a moment as the electric current between them ignites and sparkles.
Maybe Moriarty knows. Moriarty has already done what Sherlock has always struggled to do: erased emotions from his mind and focused exclusively on his brain and the pleasures derived from that. Maybe Moriarty is the one person who can help him with this, the one person who doesn’t recoil from the idea of a brain without a heart. The one person who understands how Sherlock feels, understands what it is he wants and is willing to help him achieve that.
“Hm. I suppose you’re right. In any case, I would have solved the whole thing in a couple of days at most.”
Baker Street looks even better suited as the backdrop to a suicide attempt than usual with the rain pouring down ceaselessly from a grey sky. A Mondeo, plate number LR34UJH, drives past, trying its best to avoid a large puddle on the street, but only meeting with limited success. Mycroft raises an eyebrow from beneath his umbrella. How Sherlock can stand to live in this infernal noise, surrounded by all these idiotic people, is utterly beyond him. Just those harrowing twenty-five minutes in the Tube was more than enough social interaction as far as Mycroft is concerned.
Sherlock hesitates. His answer carries significant weight. He can feel it, even if, predictably, he doesn’t feel as though he fully grasps the meaning.
Worst of all, though, is the knowledge that this has all been for nothing. Allowing his emotions to crowd out his reason, filling up his brain with the most boring, useless information, breaking every rule he ever established to keep himself sane, to stop this
