I regretted it immediately afterwards, too.
''Where is he?,'' I ask quickly, not trusting my voice.
''Manipulative? Sherlock - anyone can be manipulative at various times in life. That in itself doesn't tell me enough. That's one trait.''
So much fear.
The Martian likes to play games with me sometimes. I shouldn't have come back to Mars without Mycroft. He's the only space explorer I know I can trust. He always keeps me safe when he's near. He brings me Ovaltine, and I drink it when I'm cold. He picks me up and holds me. He tells me what to do to keep me safe. 'Stick by me, Sherlock. Stay by me tonight.' That's what Mycroft says.
But no one seems to understand that. They just see resistance. They don't see the big picture. The fact that my body, my transport, is defective. And has always been defective. I cannot eat like normal people without getting ill. I've tried, but I've never succeeded.
''What is it, Toby?''
My brain feels fuzzy with confusion.
More a petulant and withdrawn agitation, perhaps.
The light turns on abruptly then, and I force myself not to close my eyes.
I try to stop thinking that thought by being proactive. I end up rooting through his desk drawers and removing anything excessively sharp. I package up some extraneous cups we don't really need (all glass) and leave the sturdier, hard-to-break plastic mugs in their wake. I scour the bathroom, and find a pouch with a straight razor and confiscate it immediately. The fact that I can see remnant flecks of dried blood on the edge makes me queasy.
Suddenly I wish I could stop time. Go back. Go back and take away that awareness. His awareness.
"No," he mutters. "I'm fine."
He was 12.
Sherlock's mouth opened, slightly in time to his eyes snapping shut. I saw and felt his body tense.
When Lestrade walks away, I retrieve my cell phone from my jacket pocket and call in to the surgery.
When I return five minutes later, it is with a plate of smoked salmon, baby carrots, hummus. Two blue plates, equal portions. (I'm not making the mistake of giving us variant amounts of food ever again). I set one plate down on the coffee table by Sherlock before I return a moment later with our beverages.
“I don’t understand,” I murmur, re-reading through the journal.
Then he's back on the line again.
''Sherlock?''
''Dr. Pascal?,'' John tries again, attempting to engage me in conversation.
''I know I am,'' he says tiredly, in agreement - all fight suddenly lost.
I give him a sincere smile and try to focus on the fact that for all the ugliness in the world, there are still really beautiful people who keep on trying even when things are bleak.
''I've gained! How come I'm still somehow screwing up in your estimation? I'm doing everything you're asking!''
This disorder has become just another drug for him.
''It wasn't as bad as this, though - what this feels likes. I-,'' and he stops, looks me straight in the eye.
''I know that's what you fear, partly. I get it. But do you know what I'm sensing is your predominant concern right now? Aside from your confusion - which is normal, by the way - I suspect that you are here because you feel that there is a pressing need for your friend to get help. And you don't know how to get him the type of help that he needs.''
''Christ almighty - this little boy was raped. Sherlock knew it from the start.''
''More like discussing what motivated Sherlock to punch Mr. Thiessen, if he's not our man,'' Lestrade says sourly, ''And we're not getting anywhere. Plus, we are almost out of time.''
But I do one impulsive thing, and suddenly I'm the bad guy?
Then it's not so hard to consider.
“They know what I was! What I am, still. And I have to get up each morning and brush my hair and put on my clothes - and see the scars from injecting drugs into my veins for years. From the time I was a teenager! And I see them each time I change. Round, and white, and mocking – because those are never going away – don’t kid yourself. Each time I get a bath I stare at them, and I hate them. I have scars lining my goddamn thighs. And worse. Worse, John! Not war wounds! Not because I did anything valiant and saved anyone but because I did the opposite. And I can’t just talk those away. Every time I change into a new shirt, or put on new trousers, I see them. And they are, by definition, ugly. All of those things by definition make me an ugly person.”
''Other than the fact that gastric disturbances cause nausea and therefore increase the likelihood of someone's appetite being reduced? - then no, I see no correlation.''
But because he is suffering, and he never should have had to undergo any of this suffering in the first place. The fact that he's now perpetuating his own horror, as if taking over for his abuser, makes me feel an intense sense of hopelessness and sadness for him. For what was done to him. Because he is kind, and decent and yes - a little different, a little eccentric - but a wholly good person. Never perfect, as no one is - but extremely good.
Keep him out!
Faintly now, I can hear music. Sorrowful music. Almost dirge-like in tone.
"It's okay, Toby. My name is Sally and this is-," and Donovan studies me for a moment, probably trying to ascertain how to word our relationship using a term other than freak, "my colleague. His name is Sherlock. We are detectives."
''I never will have sex with you, John. I never will. Not if I can help it. You'd have to force me,'' the words are not fierce like they were before. They are now dull - and almost dissociative. ''It wouldn't be easy to make me. Now that I'm bigger.''
Minutes pass, and nothing. And then I hear a ragged breath. I hear him trying so hard not to cry and I feel lost. I cannot say what needs to be said to heal him. I don't know his fears, his insecurities, his doubts and how his previous experiences now trigger all of those, but it seems that whenever I put something out there, in the space of consciousness and speech, he recoils in self-defense.
''Of course not, John. I'm thinking strategically. I will never be able to heal Sherlock. I'm too entangled, in his mind, to the cause of his pain. He both loves me and hates me - I suspect - in equal measure. But he's also always valued logic. He holds onto the ideal of the rational man, coolly and logically existing and freeing himself from the pain of emotions - because that's what he'd like to be. That's not all he is, and my presence reminds him of a history he can never fully expunge. Can never truly delete from his mind palace, as it is. But you are different, John. You are not here out of familial obligation - which is what Sherlock has always convinced himself is the cause of my support. He feels his life is not unlike an albatross to me, I suspect. That my concern for him is an obligation. He will never admit to the truth of it, of course, but I am fairly confident I am correct in my assessment.''
Sherlock smirks at that, the tension from earlier reduced.
''Well, no bother. He knows you care for him. He just needs to calm down. And he's not sleeping properly is he, love?''
**********************************************************************
His fingers encircle my wrist. His fingers press against my wrist, and take my pulse.
“I’m not playing games. Anger is a normal response to what I went through,” he replies quietly but with an edge of irritation. Not quite whispering, but almost. “And I think I am angry. I think I am furious.”
----------
The boy shakes his head. 'No.'
Before he left the house.
Tell myself that John is wrong. That I'm not sick. Not in the way that he thinks I am.
“It doesn’t hurt, Sherlock,” he informs me, needlessly, and I feel myself flush in response. “It’s just as the name implies – a scan.”
''What are you on about?,'' I bite out, frustrated and scared and hurting, for him. ''I am not leaving! I told you-''
Follow step 1, step 2, step 3, then eat, then ignore the thoughts, then eat some more, step 4, then ignore the looks, then repeat everything. But don't feel the creeping sense of disgust. Don't focus on the feelings as you chew, don't focus on the feelings as the food slides down your throat and into your belly.
''I'm clean, I'm wearing pressed clothes, I've gotten sleep-''
"I don't know how to answer that."
''Which I am grateful for...I am. But that's not what I mean, Sherlock. And I think you know that.''
Sherlock steps back, his face distraught with the knowledge that I won't just look away. That it'll take more than a couple mouthfuls of dry salad to get me off his back.
'Failing to respond to cues in the environment. Not hearing people talking or asking posed questions.'
It can make patients do impulsive things. It can make them act out in unusual, unexpected ways. Ways that don’t necessarily help reduce their rage. Ways that only serve to cause themselves more pain.
I close my eyes and press my fingertips to my face and will myself not to cry.
My greater confusion stems from the fact that I have essentially admitted this much to him previously. This isn't a new admission. His upset with the word, and the fact that I do love him - that's what is seemingly new.
I wake up abruptly, hearing the clock down the hall. I can hear the swaying of the pendulum, the mechanical click of the seconds as they pass. My eyes flitter about the room and take in the drapes near my window. Mummy has left them open again, which I don't like. Sometimes squirrels and ravens look into my bedroom and stare at me in the dark. Sometimes the ravens caw at me in the night, and tell me horrible things. That they are going to kill me. Gut me with their beaks.
''Look,'' I mumble, glancing around to ensure we are - indeed - alone. ''Abuse takes something out of people. It takes something from children most of all: the ability to trust, primarily. But it doesn't just take away from people. It leaves them with certain things, too. Things that never should have been their lives. And I think that's what you are trying to destroy.''
It makes me feel less overwhelmed.
So I crunch up four butterscotch Gaviscon tablets underneath my tongue, then swallow them down dry; feel them foam up in my stomach, and will this hunger to depart.
''But touch therapy. Yuri said...it helps. With dissociation, and sex can release oxytocin, which increases bonding in those already romantically engaged, and I would want to be bond more with you, more than anyone, because I do, I do-''
'My brother is skeletal and needs medical attention.'
The Martian almost laughs. I can feel his Martian body rumble with amusement. He always thinks I'm so funny. He thinks it's funny when I beg. It makes him happy.
I cannot make a solid, assured choice. Everything is wrong and confusing. Everything I feel is a contradiction, and I want - no, I need, I need - something honest and unchanging and true. Not a disorder masquerading as a savior, and not pain masquerading as comfort.
I feel distorted and drawn and stretched out like a Picasso drawing.
I do my best to look as if there is nothing surprising about this fact whatsoever.
It's going to be damn hard for both of them.
I turn around, replacing my mug on the table. Rubbing my hands against my thighs.
''Satisfactory? Look Sherlock, you're the patient. You are paying. If you want to meet me for a tentative appointment or two, I won't even charge you. Consider if my thank you for actually calling.''
''John! Thank God you're there! Look, you have to come-''
The real emergency tonight might be that, at this rate, I'm going to have a heart attack. My vision spots and swirls and I sit down quickly in 'my' chair, chucking the Union Jack pillow across the room as I do so. I proceed to glare at Sherlock's violin, hands fidgeting by my sides. Restive.
*Decaf, please.*
''You mean when you took the morphine?''
Sherlock interrupts my thoughts.
That would likely make anyone feel a little bit lost.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
And one day, I'll have to more fully thank Mycroft for the continued love he's shown his brother, even if Sherlock forever laments the fact that his brother 'intrudes' upon his space.
The cat has awoken and has now moved away from the window, and has rustled the lace-detailed curtains in the process.
While commonly found in very small children, such a device isn't usually used by adults.
Sherlock draws his legs up to his chest.
I ignore what he's really trying to say with that admission.
He watches me with a hawk's vision.
The voice sounds small and exhausted.
His breath comes out in a huff. But at least I'm getting him to talk.
I nod absently, agreeing with his assessment.
Sherlock's motions have become stiff. He wraps his arms, undoubtedly unconsciously, over his chest, then stops his motions. Forces them back down to his side in an effort to feign general composure.
He looks adrift.
"What?," I rasp.
A few moments later, he pulls apart some printed sheets affixed with paperclips and spreads them out. A pen clicks in his hand.
'I have an appointment at 6:30, but I could meet up at 4:30 for an hour or so. Does that work? - SH'
Like he wants to say something, but can't.
''John-,'' his voice is wilted, restrained, scared to speak but insistent I hear his argument.
He cuts me off. Cuts the very suggestion off at the base of culmination.
So OCD is one cause behind why an otherwise highly logical child or adult engages in self-harming features.
When he sticks his head back around, I nod again.
The door to the morgue is closed, but I can tell by the glint of light behind the frosted glass that Molly hasn't left yet, so I knock gently.
''This isn't your file. This isn't a file for anyone you know.''
----------
I can sense that if I don't get this under control, it's going to devolve into something awful.
We chat for a few more minutes, while I pencil Sherlock's name into my roster, and explain to John what NHS information I will need in the future. I can hear the weariness - and, if I am not mistaken - a slight ripple of fear - in John's voice before we disconnect.
Sherlock studies me, and then states, ''No. I do not.''
''Children?,'' I say carefully, not thinking that this is what he means at all - but wanting to prove a point.
But I don't think it's a sexual interest.
"Adolescence happened," Mycroft grits out. "I didn't even realize he was struggling so much until it was almost too late, John. Too late to save him."
''You are...amazing,'' I test, the words strange in my throat because of the feeling of romantic attraction I know, deep down, is currently mingled with the longstanding platonic affection, if not love, that I've always had for him.
Next to the letter, I can feel the furled edge of an old photograph and I tug it loosely with my fingers, bringing it out into the daylight.
So that's what I want to ask him now. What brought these demons back to life after such a long time of being suppressed.
''Did someone here hurt your throat?,'' I ask without thinking, feeling something sour steam up behind my eyes. A rage. ''Someone at this clinic?''
No turn of the lock.
My throat is convulsing with a sob that I won't let escape.
Stare at the venetian blinds, and the soft yellow glow of the early morning light.
Sometimes, confusingly, I realize that I also want to be hugged, and for someone I trust to hold me or keep me calm or get that anger to go away without everything becoming a blinding fire-ball of aggression.
We take our treats and make our way to a side table that has a variety of coffee add-ons placed in diminutive metal containers. Nutmeg. Cinnamon. Vanilla. Chocolate.
''What types?,'' I say evenly, feeling a welling up of foreknowledge. Awareness of what is to come next, in variant form.
"It's okay. I promise you, no one is going to get mad at you. We want to help get rid of any pains in your body. We need to know where there is pain. And once you tell us, you won't have to tell us about the pain again. Those questions will be done."
I'm sensing a pattern here.
The man in the mirror doesn't look like me, but he looks enough like me to make me feel faint and ghostly and to bring up old fears. Fears I have never really expounded upon with anyone, not even in therapy at 13, or 14 years of age. Fears as to how two separate people inhabited my mind. Fears that I would die and think I was still alive, and slowly fade away while everyone chattered on around about me, but never saw me fading away. Never knew I was actually gone.
I swallow, nod.
I give him a look, remind myself to keep the incredulity out of my tone.
I'm failing him, and I have no bloody idea what to do.
"Don't give me the run around! Admit it! You just think I'm weak and damaged! In need of being watched 24-7 lest I try to cut my body open again with an exacto blade! Or did Mycroft not get that far in his disclosure?"
''Thank you, Peter.''
John’s face takes on a peculiar expression. A flash of hesitancy followed by an assertive, “Perhaps even healthier than that, really.”
He twists his neck this way and that before looking back up to me. Studying me.
foolishness! utter idiocy on my part!
Sherlock bites back a laugh.
The dynamic feels strange. Off.
I try to push the thoughts out of my mind and ignore the changes that incrementally are occurring with every bite of food I swallow and keep down. I know that if I do meditate on it for too long that I will feel a swell of self-hatred. And I know that there has been only one sure-fire way that I have rid myself of that feeling in the past; the way that brought me here, to this time, and to Yuri.
''Maybe I should worry. You are acting unnaturally well behaved tonight, aren't you?,'' and she flashes me a smile, which I try to return.
"Well maybe I'm done talking about this now!," he seethes; I reach out to grab his shoulder, to turn him around, to get him to face what he's done and...
''Again with the lies!,'' John spits, licking his lips quickly. He looks wild. Wild in his exasperation.
Not really.
''I told you why!,'' he exclaims suddenly, twin fuchsia spots rising on his cheeks. ''Oh God,'' and his voice warbles, ''I don't want to talk about this!''
''I should be happier. I...,'' he pauses, looks at me, ''and you. I mean, you know more now - and I told you,'' and his voice drops down to the lowest octave. ''Enough. About it, before - what happened when I was little, and about all,'' and he points to his legs, as if they sum up the whole of his issues, ''this, and Yuri said that's supposed to help. To confide in someone. Which I've done. You said that's supposed to help, too. Everyone says that, but it doesn't feel like that. It feels like the reverse. I don't understand why...because it didn't feel this badly when I kept it all to myself, and I hate that that's the case. I know that's not how it's supposed to work at all.''
''So you still have a libido, you mean? A sex drive? Just no interest in having sex with another person?''
''So there is no way to fix him? That's what you're saying? You? The expert in the field?!''
To be taken with food.'
Even if I simply want to stare rigidly and fixedly at the wall. My limbs immobile. A blanket over my body. Scarcely breathing.
''Should we flip for it?''
''Good man,'' she says. But her eyes are sad.
Yuri's eyes flicker over my frame, and not appreciatively; I resist in pulling the blankets up over my torso more so.
My eyes travel and land on my overnight bag, filled with toothbrush and comb, Sherlock's favourite soap and pajama bottoms. Snacks. What was I even thinking? Throwing crackers into my bag?
I hadn't listened. Hadn't looked at the strange cluster of signs proclaiming his own anxiety.
I mutter my thank you and return the sentiment, before I hightail it out of the shop. I walk two blocks before I come across a small café; the sign below the awning reads: "Authentic Italian Lattes-Cappuccinos-Espressos and more!" in curlicue script, and the interior of the building is low lit, almost closed off from the street and the hubbub of noise and activity. It seems soothing.
"I dunno. I'd probably guess that you were much like you are now, I guess. Smaller, of course. Probably just as much a smart alec, I bet."
I clear my throat.
''You should tell him this. He needs to know what he means to you, Mycroft.''
------------------------------------------
I give him a small smile.
Yuri sighs. I think it might be the first time I've actually heard him sigh.
''I've got you. You know that, don't you?''
"Feeling better?," he asks pleasantly, with only a hint of sadness from the earlier evening still splayed across his face, and I nod curtly.
-------------------------------------
So I all but screamed at him.
It was never meant to be for me, anyway. Some idealistic Norman Rockwell childhood?
I close my eyes.
It comes out as a sob.
And then, like a thunder clap: I get it.
''He thinks if he's just kind enough and loving enough and patient enough, I will be the type of person he suspects he wants. Maybe romantically, maybe because he's confused, and maybe because he just wants to fix everything and everyone. Maybe because he has some kind of doctor-complex where he doesn't feel good enough unless he fixes everyone that he thinks is damaged. If someone is hurting, he wants to fix them. Under everything about me that drives everyone else on the planet away, he thinks there is something in me - something worth...,'' his breath is ragged now, and I realize how quickly he's breathing. ''He thinks there is something in me that he might love, but it's just...it's...he could love anything! That doesn't say anything about me, Yuri. Just him. He wants to make people healthy again, and I know he thinks I'm sick and-''
I try not to snort. I try to hold on to my irritation towards Mycroft.
I still my movements. Drop my hands by my side.
Scanning the number, I press 'talk' on my phone and then hurriedly type in the number. My fingers dance along my lap.
I tilt the cup against my lips and take a couple sips. The soup is warm and fragrant and John has mixed some white rice into the mix. I take a few more gulps, willing the pressing fear to leave me alone.
When I rise from my chair, I try to convince myself that I really don't feel exhausted at all.
I still my hands from doing their search – from pulling back the duvet, and lifting up his undershirt and looking for injuries.
Perhaps there would even be a bedroom inhabited by a little boy who liked reading books about pirates, or poisonous plants, or chemistry.
Essentially, shortly after I last posted my mum was diagnosed with a rare and aggressive form of cancer. She opted for surgery, but no chemo or radiation. My twin sister who was dealing with myriad issues (she had been diagnosed with bipolar as a very young adult, and had also developed agoraphobia in addition to CPTSD and generalized anxiety disorder) went downhill as our mum got sicker, absolutely panicked.
"No. No. I was a mistake, John! The worst mistake you can make. Our mother had an affair."
But is that good enough? Is that knowing what makes a person a person?
I am totally lost, and I know I am lost.
''I wanted someone to see, and no one saw! I wanted someone to ask why, why I couldn't take the case - and I needed you to ask me, ask me why not - no, not ask - just know! Just know! So I wouldn't even have had to look you in the eyes and tell you what is was! That's how much of a coward I am! Mycroft saved me, but I couldn't save him! Because I couldn't see anything except my own fucking past when I closed my eyes! I couldn't make the connections - I couldn't see anything outside of me! All I could do was freeze up and stare at the same old photos of cut up children and bruises and flecks of blood on autopsy tables! And the same old reports! And why could no one see what was happening to me? Why does no one ever see it? They didn't see it when it was happening to me, and they didn't see it when it was happening to the others!''
Sherlock nods – his red eyes studying the woven design of the floor rug.
Sherlock suddenly tugs at his hair, pulling it taught.
Because - 12.
Not that Sherlock likely cares about the carpeting. But he cares that I might burn my hands.
And then I realize I don't know what to say next, so shocked by this self-admittance.
Then he stands up straighter before continuing his departure out of the building.
Mrs. Hudson pauses, puts her cup back into its saucer.
Maybe even a stim.
Sherlock taps the teacup lightly with his finger. The tea rolls over the top - just a little bit - and then runs down the side of the cup. I know better than to tell him to stop.
''It's okay,'' he murmurs. Looks to the wall. ''It's okay.''
Sherlock holds up his hands in fear and shakes his head.
''What?''
Sherlock licks his lips.
'What exactly are 'adulting' tasks? - SH'
''John - has he said anything that makes you think that-''
Behind him, Sherlock stands - stick-like body looking even more stick-like next to the appropriately weighted form of his brother. Sherlock's arms are rigid at his side.
I bring my fingers to my temples, and press in, releasing the muscle tension.
I feel anxious.
My head quirks up.
I nod, looking down.
And I know what it's like when someone seems to care enough to want to help but you just can't let them, because you don't know how to open up enough to make that possible. As fond as I was of Victor, I couldn't be the sort of man he needed, and now with John? Now it's even worse, because apparently - in some way - John loves me.
''We were almost out of coffee whitener. And we needed eggs. You said. And you like eggs.''
''Any particular reason you chose this doctor, then? Just random-?''
On the other end of the line I hear a door open and secretary-Marnie mutter something. Yuri seems to muffle the receiver, but I make out: 'no, I will call her back after my lunch, Marnie. Unless it's an emergency, she'll have to wait.'
Even if I can no longer see him.
''John,'' Mrs. Hudson demands, ''What is going on?,'' and to me, equally confused, ''oh Sherlock, I think you've gone and got yourself a little worked up over-''
I press my hands to the bridge of my nose, to my temples. My head pounds with the pain in his words.
''No one else is throwing up in the toilets, though.''
''A bit not good?,'' he asks in a garbled tone, his eyes dropping. ''My room smells like chemicals, and it's cold. It was making me sicker.''
But I don't know who I am anymore.
''I'm not suicidal,'' he says thickly. ''I don't even think I was suicidal - then. That night.''
I let my fingers flutter over the soft gloss of the mug.
“What’s going on? Hey?,” and there it is again: that gentle tone.
Bile.
My heart is fluttering away quickly beneath my ribcage.
''I'm not angry,'' I say, my voice clipped. ''I'm confused. You say you didn't enjoy sex with this guy, but I'm assuming you had it more than once?''
''I don't know,'' he says rigidly, adding another block to the pile.
It is terribly hard to get that admittance that they actually need help and to do that - need to change.
And I can smell his soap again. This time it's on my body.
I help him by taking my own bags inside, and by not saying anything. Not complaining.
''Not same,'' he whispers so softly I can barely make out the words at all. ''Not same. Different.''
Some part of me is scared of something.
I turn to listen, my heart pounding loudly in my ears.
And I am sad, of course. This whole morning has been nothing if not the worst sort of sadness. For me to witness what's happened.
He lets out a humorless laugh.
I swallow a cough, a cry. A pleading sort of sound tries to burrow out from under my teeth.
''You shouldn't be here, Sherlock. You need to be at home. You're unwell.''
John recoils, almost as if hurt. I know he's not hurt so much as...stressed.
-------------------------------------------------
''That's not fair,'' he says in upset. ''You don't know anything about this! I could be trying my damnedest and it wouldn't look like anything to you, would it?''
Lips against lips, and Toby's body swelled with air. Puffed out.
Which is why I ultimately decided to leave the room. Keep everything from escalating more so.
He shuts the door behind him.
''Dry off. I'll be right outside, okay?''
''Sherlock couldn't get the boy to speak - but he could get him to write down words with a crayon, and also - to do that.'' And she points to the sheets of paper as if they are venomous. ''It was pretty obvious the little kid wasn't going to tell us on his own, and-''
''Can you turn that down a smidgen, please?,'' I ask carefully, testing the waters.
''Of course he knows things, he's Sherlock.''
Suffice it to say our status changed to that of best friends pretty quickly after this point, and later on – over a year later when he had reached his target weight - we became romantically involved.
"I don't need Mycroft to tell me that you have a history-"
''Mmm,'' he hums, his voice less raging and intense now. Calmer.
And, perhaps most importantly...how will he cope if I don't feel the same sorts of feelings for him in return?
His hands smell of citrus dish soap, and he brings the calloused tips across my forehead, coming to let the digits fall against my eyes. They feel cool and grounding contrasted against the heat swelling up under my eyelids.
I battle away a surge of bitterness and anger at the situation. At being demoted, so to speak, from the case at all.
I take a deep breath.
I'm fuming mad, but not with Sherlock, and I don't want him mistakenly taking my anger at the situation as anger with him.
I'm accosted with an image of a jail cell being slammed shut, and I press at my eyes to get the image to depart.
''You must know that I care about you more than anyone else on this planet. You have to know that much, intellectually, even if you don't feel it.''
I hear nothing, so I continue on and get changed into a grey-green pair of cords and a roan coloured Merino top. I run a comb through my hair and debate shaving, then dismiss the task, reminding myself that I had shaved the evening before and look more or less clean shaven, still. I splatter some cold water on my face, add a secondary layer of deodorant to my arms, change my socks, and then brush my teeth.
''Why does it help, Sherlock?''
''I don't know. I mean, if she seemed to be down for an extended period of time, perhaps.''
His fingertips are against my hand, somehow, his index finger moving back and forth - almost melodically - like his playing a tune against my skin.
''Mmm. Yes. That's true.''
''I thought you were different!,'' I hiss. ''But you're just like everyone else, aren't you?''
''It shouldn't!,'' he all but yells, his throat swallowing - once, twice, three times.
''No,'' he utters softly, ''like...stab him, John. Take him outside, somewhere cold and very far away from other people. No one to rescue him. No one to hear him or see him or offer him any hope. Tie him up and stab him over and over again. With something not quite sharp. And maybe put something into his mouth so he can't make any noise.''
SHERLOCK-IS-LOST
''Stop it. I'm trying to help you!,'' she growls at me, having none of John's sensitivity or warmth.
''Yes, I gathered,'' Dr. Pascal says with a smile and holds the door to his flat open for me. ''Come on in.''
When he opens his eyes again, I can see that they are full of tears.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The very idea that he'd use an entire day - or longer than that, possibly - to gauge when he should eat had seemed so strange.
I know that.
''Look Sherlock, a doctor can only do so much, but-''
-----------------------
Certainly Marnie must know the voices of Yuri Pascal's primary patients by now.
I bite my lip and then nod.
My stomach feels exposed to air. Cool and prickly and wormy with adrenaline. I could easily vomit myself.
"No," I growl, my voice low and commanding him to listen. "You know that's not what I'm talking about at all. You know that's not what I mean."
So I mock glare at him. Because maybe humor can make this easier to get out. And I squeeze his hand again.
"Him."
Unless-
''Make blood happy soup?,'' the man - whose tag reads as Bao Binh - adds, ''vegetable broth? Herb?''
I only see him as inordinately strong.
I frown at the pasta.
I cross my hands over my chest. No-nonsense.
I want to show the depth of my friendship, to offer him my support in a way that he can sense goes deeper than mere words or superficial expressions, and yet-
John rolls his eyes.
““At the core of the unattached is a deep-seated rage, far beyond normal anger. This rage is a natural byproduct of protracted, severed trust to a degree that is found in the most serious cases of childhood abuse, especially in cases of rape or molestation. Confusion and physical pain alone do not generally account for the detachment. Instead, an underlying motivation – one rooted in the preservation of a sane but self-imposed reality-,” I stop, breathing harshly. The heat in my head is almost unbearable. It feels like a gasket, ready to burst.
So I slammed the conference room door shut, ignoring the fact that Sherlock had refused to follow.
Rage.
"I know you did."
''I still want to do something though, John. I feel – I don't know? I don't know. Wound up, maybe? It feels as if something inside my brain is going to explode if I can't bring my equilibrium under control; I need to stop that from happening. Maybe that's the reason. Maybe that's always been the reason, screwed up or not.''
I suddenly can think of nothing else but that syrupy sweet blood-ketchup coating John's plate.
He leaves abruptly, and I realize not a moment later that I don't feel victorious at all.
He then presses his palms against the oak table as if for grounding.
-Damn it, not this again-
''And I don't eat on cases. Everyone knows that,'' I add stubbornly, lest she need to be reminded.
Donovan's mouth is puckered as if she's tasted something sour.
And Harrison was seven. Harrison was the seventh.
''He did, actually. He asked me to get you. ''Get John.''''
I pinch the bridge of my nose.
''I'm not lying!''
To please go away.
And now she wants me to eat soup. Any kind of soup I want.
''I can't believe I'm letting you do this,'' I whisper, uncharacteristically open. Then, as I realize that I've spoken aloud, and not simply in my head - I turn away. ''I'm sure I'm okay. You don't need to worry.''
But Sherlock is unlike anyone else in the world. What I feel for him is a different thing in intensity.
''Well, you won't take the meds. And these shouldn't have any side effects. I thought...it was better than nothing,'' he adds gruffly.
I feel like I've been witness to the drawing of a veil. An execution of sorts. A psychic execution. Something as weighty as capital punishment. An unfair connection, perhaps - but the reality of what must be occurring in that room right now is almost overpowering. The reality for what that child has lived through and now is enduring yet again is making it hard to breathe easily. When I back away from the window, I realize Sally has long since departed, and I'm glad.
I barely breathe. I don't want to talk to him right now. I can hear his words repeat over and over in my mind.
I'm already feeling chilled, and regret (yet again) my impulsive stupidity.
Pureed foods are recommended and seem to be tolerated best by most patients still in the recovery phase of surgery.
Because Victor didn't even love me, but he still decided I was 'too much' for him. He still decided he couldn't deal with everything that was wrong with me.
''It's none of his business,'' I seethe. ''It's none of your business! It's my life! Those things happened to me! Not to Mycroft. Never to Mycroft, and never to YOU!''
Sherlock is off to the corner, bundled up in a hunter green dressing gown and several blankets. His dark tresses look slightly greasy and fall over his eyes in weighted form.
I just looked at him and saw weakness pervading his body and obsessiveness pervading his mind. I saw his withering form and associated it with a withering of sanity, too, but at some level he is all-too sane.
''Hate me all you want, John. But I know what this is. And I'll get him scrapped from this case if that's what I think he needs. We all know he values puzzles more than he values his own life, anyway.''
I swallow, then look back to the ridiculously healthy orchid, and try to let myself consider that this is a possibility.
Because Sherlock is the one hurting. It wasn't supposed to be me.
Sherlock takes a breath. And then - finally - nods.
But if I try to observe - not see, as I always do - but observe, then I can acquire new facts that show this is not arousal at all.
------------------------------------------
''In what way?''
''I do,'' I mutter, looking back down to my hand, against his belly. ''I have for awhile.''
The energy he’s putting into trying to recover from showing his upset is formidable, and some might even wish to call it stoic – but stoicism doesn’t really help in these situations. His words are also quite revealing given his history; while I have known that he has an almost scary ability to turn off his awareness of emotional pain, I am now getting to experience this occurrence first hand. Witness it with my own eyes.
''I'm fine,'' he muttered, and I paused my walking, waited for him to stop.
And...back to SHERLOCK'S POV
------------------------------------------
''Tell him to take care of himself. I mean it; he needs to seriously watch it. He's getting too thin again.''
''You okay? You seem...a little hyper, almost.''
''You seem...,'' I hesitate for a second, then continue on, certain I am doing the right thing. ''We aren't playing, right? You want me to be straight. So I'll say what I mean. You are unhealthy, Sherlock. You are unhealthy, and you are scaring me. And I'm not the only one whose noticing what's happening.''
"Don't move, Sherlock."
He had worked himself to the bone.
“Still feeling cold,” he states. It’s not a question. “It’s not getting better? The coldness?”
My neck has a crick in it from laying at an angle.
'Eight,' I explain, hoping the Martian will know I'm not big at all. Eight is not big at all. 'Only eight.'
Yuri gives a very terse, encouraging smile. It's quick and bright. Reflexive.
''It took a long time for that sense of being slow - stupid - to go away. And sometimes? Sometimes I don't think it really ever went away for good. Sometimes it comes back again.''
How did he figure it out?
"I understand, Mrs. Thiesen, but we want to make this easier for your son."
My stomach hurts.
''Yes,'' I say sourly.
''Yes please,'' I say, taking a breath and trying not to sound frenzied. ''Whenever he's able, please.''
Patient was highly agitated and would not let admitting physician (Dr. Bryony Evans) perform palpation of abdominal area. Sedation was low dose haloperidol administered to calm patient. Low dose haloperidol allowed for functional cursory examination. Patient was examined by Dr. Evans and Dr. Marcus Riley. Endoscopy revealed gastric perforation due to ulceration and necrosis at lower quadrant juncture/ duodenum. Patient was prepped for surgery. Surgery was extended (2+ hour length) with necessitating partial gastrectomy due to presentation of necrotic tissue. Bleed was successfully stopped. Patient was administered fluid drip IV to restore electrolyte and hydration level for a time frame of approx. 1.5 hours. Patient was moved to private room post surgery.
She was an artist and dreamed of one day becoming a published novelist (she was an amazing writer and actually encouraged me to start writing in the first place).
I move closer to Sherlock on the bed, not letting the surprise at his language show on my face. His face is flush with heat now, but that just could be due to his layered form huddled up under two layers of blankets. I'd be boiling, myself. Interesting that he'd find my room 'cozy' when I usually find it a tad on the hot side.
Follow his own and land on a completely empty 2 litre bottle of Sprite.
''But is he talking? Is he alert? Does he understand what he's done?''
Avoided even looking at the image.
''Sherlock-''
I tap his uninjured hand.
And later, at 1 year of age. Sherlock - walking. His hair curled now, his teeth new and stubby.
Because I must be nearly asleep.
Lestrade gives me a puzzled look, contemplative and focused.
"Can you walk?," I ask tentatively.
With Mycroft's financial reserves and his own trust fund (which I have recently come to realize he does have access to in full, now) he could have become much more of a hermit than he is at present. He's downright chummy considering how much he could have isolated himself. Which seems to indicate that he doesn't really want to be isolated from others at all.
It's almost as if the heat of his fingertips - his physical presence - generates this need within me. Not to kiss. But to cry.
I didn't speak for ages. Merely studied him, vision focused intensely on his lean, violinist fingertips as he fiddled with the knobs on his microscope.
He grins then. It looks a little manic.
But I don't.
Sherlock says nothing, but I hear the sound of him reach around and grab his towel, so I pad softly away and wait for him to join me in the living room.
''Ok.''
"The next day, he was pale - anemic looking, almost. He wouldn't look me in the eye, and I could tell he had cried a fair deal since I had spoken to him, because his eyes were extremely swollen. I tried to make light of the situation by that point, and decided to keep him home from school. It didn't seem to help his mood, and he refused to eat his breakfast, and then later on, his lunch. When I came home for our evening meal, he was back in his room, sitting in his cabinet, like he used to do as a child. He refused to eat the food I brought up for him, although he did sip at water. The following morning, when he refused his meals again, I realized we had a bit of a problem on our hands."
Which is what is scaring me most right now.
His eyes clench up, as if he's squinting against bright light. Even though the day is moody and grey with melting pockets of snow and a frosty edge turning the air into something sharp, and yet oddly clean. Like breathing in ice-cold alpine air. Invigorating, but brisk. A sensation of something good, but nestled on the cusp of being almost too painful.
If someone is critically underweight, yes, that alone is pause for concern. And at that point, even modest losses in weight become undeniable. The slightest loss of weight becomes a staggering sign in short order when someone is already very, very underweight.
Or perhaps even more than that night, I don't know.
How do I order the subject of what I know he needs emotionally, with what he is trying to show me he is willing to do with me physically?
Sherlock doesn't say anything. Not for nearly half a minute.
''My sister wasn't trying to expose me to anything, Yuri. She wasn't. She was high as a kite back then and I never felt like she was really to blame for any of it. She was basically a kid herself. 15, 16 years old. That's it. But I think maybe I connected her activities in general with what I saw those few times. And I think it probably made me feel some measure of shame. Maybe I linked that shame to her orientation,'' and I stop abruptly then. Not knowing what else to say. Not even knowing what I feel. All I know is that I feel something, but don't know exactly what it is.
''You need a clinic,'' I say louder now. Resolute. My eyes burn into his. ''You have lost your precious control again, brother mine.''
When I return to the living room to locate my keys and wallet, I notice that Sherlock has fallen asleep on the couch. I pad as silently as I can to retrieve what I need. Gently, I move the Stradivarius off his lap, and pull the afghan throw over his body - grateful when he doesn't stir.
Almost as if he is my superior.
When I feel moderately more composed, I continue on – my voice shaking with greater obviousness than in the preceding moments.
''Lestrade said you'd gotten into it with one of the doctors. I'm assuming this was the doctor you knew?''
Hug him.
''I had gathered as much, though I had assumed primarily your father was the bigger drinker.''
Well, that's a first.
----------------------
What can I say? I am trying to get back into the swing of things.
It does not mean that I did not suffer.
I am absolutely freezing
His hand comes to brush against my own.
But I can't.
I want to get help but have no idea who to call, or what to do.
We sit silently for a minute, two minutes. I wipe tears away from my face, and pull the bag of biscotti in towards my stomach. I really yearn to get home. To see him.
My whole body is shaking.
After all, I don't know if I love anyone, and I don't want John to assure me that I can. How ridiculous is that assurance, anyway? To have to assure a 36 year old man that they can do something that most infants can do?
I'm so sorry, Sherlock.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
"I get it. Loud and clear. You need to sleep now, and you don't want to talk. Certainly not to me," I say resolutely. "If, however, you decide that you want to explain yourself then I will listen. I will sit down and I will listen, and I will do my best to understand. But I'm not talking in circles around this issue, Sherlock. I'm not going to pretend something so serious never happened."
and would never want someone to understand
''I-I-think I want to continue?''
I can't believe I just laughed.
I don't say anything to that. Merely hold out my hand and make a tisk-ing sound, seeing if Bruno will come to me. I suspect that he won't - being cuddled by Sherlock (and who would have thought that, really?) but it's a good opportunity to help boost Sherlock's self confidence a bit. That people *do* and can like him. That animals do like him, too. That there is nothing repellant about him as a person, save for his obvious attempts to push people away with cutting comments and overly caustic analysis of the secrets of others.
''We have eggs,'' I proffer, ''We can use them up. Good protein,'' I supply.
I give his shoulder the lightest squeeze in encouragement.
The door latches with a loud shlocking sound and John turns to me in confusion and concern.
''Ok,'' he says hesitantly. ''Um, well - again, my childhood would have been very mundane compared to yours. Just differences in our abilities alone.''
For the fact that he sometimes eats sugar-free jello.
''What?''
I continue on until I can feel the tension drain from my body, and when I open my eyes again - it is early dawn, and I can see a few people milling about in the distance - including a young female runner of about 22 or 23 years of age stretching by the gate entry. She looks up at me, gives me a welcoming little wave to be polite, then resumes her stretching.
''What about?''
He makes an odd, panicked motion.
John takes a bit of a breath, fast and catching. His eyes race back and forth in his skull, frantically fast. He closes them, takes a breath. Looks up at me. Looks straight into my eyes.
He doesn’t.
''Why did you name him Vernet?''
In days prior, his responses had been more or less one-word answers. I would try to engage him but it was not unlike pulling teeth. He didn’t want to give anything up, and I didn’t want to push. So we often were at a standstill with me suggesting calming activities or anti-anxiety methods to help him deal with his obvious anxiety issues while he would nod and doodle away with black markers on slips of loose leaf as if writing down coded messages.
I realize he's used potato bread for his own meal, not rye. That's likely the cause of the discrepancy. The fact that I am calmed by this fact is confusing, but then another wild and grotesque thought comes to me.
I do.
So when he decides I'm too much for him to deal with, it's just going to be all the more cutting when he goes away.
The conversation is getting out of control. And one of us has to keep a relatively cool head.
John sits up.
I flush everything away multiple times as I go, then check the toilet and surrounding area for sick. I moisten some toilet paper with water from the sink, then wipe down the outside of the toilet, the rim of the lid, and the floor. I spurt a little Lysol into the air, then meander on over to the shower, where I turn the water from ice-cold to warm. My legs and arms are shaking when I finally submerge my entire body under the spray, and I scrub at my teeth aggressively.
I've barely brushed my teeth when I see him in my peripheral vision, freshly dressed in an emerald green jumper. The jeans, however, remain.
''It looked like cups. Sally rode with him. I took my car. He was-,'' and I hear Lestrade's voice shake. ''He looked so scared, John. He was holding onto Donovan like she was a lifeline.''
My brain does a static hiss. Like when you turn on the telly and there is no reception for the channel, so it comes in as white noise. Not readable. Not anything.
“Mmm,” I respond, non-committed in tone. “Is it really that obvious?”
Lately the light has been hurting my eyes more than it normally does even though I've always been photo-sensitive.
''Just to administer a battery of tests. To determine if you are a sociopath - which, I'm telling you right now - you are not. A doctor - a psychiatric doctor - they'd be the real determiner of that label, not you.''
I rub my hands against my cords. They are sweating profusely.
------------------------------------------
I stop counting.
“Exactly! Support systems. I should be happy!,” he exclaims.
How the hell do you think Sherlock feels?
Dr. Riley glances over at me suddenly, as if finding my presence distracting.
Tell myself it's just tea.
''I don't want any tea,'' he says dully now, none of that verve or interest present in his voice.
''Well, Sherlock. It seems that your...flatmate,'' I sneer, ''has left you to devolve to such a state without calling for reinforcements. One can only wonder why?''
I hit send.
"Just breathe into my hands then, Sherlock. It'll help. It's all about regulating the oxygen and carbon dioxide levels in your blood. That's what's worsening the panic and making you hyperventilate - it's just simple biochemistry. And we'll get everything fixed and then you can read up on it, huh? I'll even let you steal my laptop, eh? Come on. That's good - just keep breathing just like that-"
Yet Molly didn't say I was sick.
''A psychotic break,'' and Sherlock swallows loudly in the room.
Without sounding completely insane?
Sherlock has already let himself care about John, with a good reason. John is good. John is brave. John is nice. John is smart. The Woman though, why would her death upset him? Sherlock isn’t used to things he can’t explain, and it bothers him quite a lot.
“I’m fine, thanks for your concern.”
As smart as Sherlock is, he’s finding it problematic to follow John’s logic behind this sudden change of topic. He’s aware he’s shown a steady improvement in understanding human emotions, but some smaller things still elude him.
A smile appears on both their faces.
He’s never tried before. This is the first attempt at providing John with comfort. It must be impeccable, otherwise John will reject any further attempt.
Now it’s just the two of them. He sits down on his chair and stares at Rosie, who’s calmly sucking on her dummy.
I love you. You changed my life. I am lost without you. You were the best friend I could possibly ask for. Your friendship has made me a better man. I’ll think of you every day until the day I die. You are my whole world. I love you.
“With a man?”
“It’s okay.“
Sherlock mutters something else, downplaying his actions, but John isn’t listening anymore. He gulps down all of his remaining tea in one sip, putting the cup back in its saucer with a clink. Suddenly everything is clear, so obvious that John feels his heart might explode in his chest if he waits one more second.
“No.”
He misses John like the oxygen he needs to breathe. He’s lost count of all the texts he typed on his phone and then deleted before he pressed Send.
“What?”
“By the way, Sherlock, it’s confirmed that it’s a girl, you owe me twenty quids,” Mary whispers to his ear.
“What do you want Sherlock?” Mycroft asks. Although he can’t see his little brother, he has recognised his steps.
He doesn’t even try to hide his disappointment when John shakes his head slightly. “It’s a mess if you wake her up… you can hold her in her morning.”
He hears John snicker. “Well, it does have its perks, don’t you think?”
Once his words reach his ears, he realises how stupid they sound. Mary isn’t really here, she’s dead, this is a projection of his own mind. And yet he can’t deny how reassuring it feels to see her from time to time, to talk to her. This way, it’s a bit as if she’d never left.
“And a cup of tea, please,” he adds.
He takes the glass and drinks it all in one smooth sip. Tastes like oranges.
Sherlock blinks, once, and then again, as he watches John disappear upstairs.
John grins, glancing at his friend. “Because you were.”
She frowns at the change of topic. “No but it’s in two weeks, something might come up… why?”
John’s fingers are soft in his hair, playing with his dark curls, twisting some strands around the fingertips. His pads massage Sherlock’s scalp, from his nape up until they’re barely grazing his forehead, and then down again.
“You’re back, finally,” John’s voice sounds so far away.
In a swift movement, he jumps up from his chair and leans over towards Sherlock, leaning both hands on the armrests. Sherlock is still speaking when John silences him by pressing his lips against the detective’s plump ones.
A part of him wants to ask John more detailed questions, like if he’ll be still allowed physical contact. Now for example, Sherlock feels would be the right moment for a hug.
“What did she say?” John asks then, curiosity back in his voice.
He smiles. It’s not a sad hug this time, it’s a happy one. He’s here to stay. The lump in his throat is caused by completely different emotions. Oh, what a beautiful morning.
“16… look at its tiny hands! Looks like it’s sucking its thumb!”
The only moment they touched is John’s hands on Sherlock’s neck, twice, not nearly definable as affectionate, and John’s head against Sherlock’s nose, again, not pleasant at all.
“I’m not a ventriloquist, Sherlock.”
“I thought
Sherlock laughs. He could have rolled his eyes, or remarked that she had misunderstood the meaning, but he laughs.
“How is she?... Mary, I mean,” John asks with an affection in his voice he wasn’t expecting. He finds it really hard to remember he despises Mary, when Sherlock talks about her with such affection.
“Caring is not an advantage,” Sherlock says out loud.
Sherlock can’t see his face properly with the darkness, but he’s fairly sure John is smiling. He wonders what is making John smile at 1 am on a hot Tuesday night.
“Shut the door when you leave.”
“Yes, East Wind… It’s a force that brings joy and happy dreams to all children…”
In a last, desperate attempt at willing himself through sex, he thinks of John. It’s John’s mouth on his, not Janine’s. It’s John naked in the tub with him. It’s John’s hand that is traveling lower and lower and…
“Good night,” John adds, before climbing the stairs to his bedroom.
Rationally, he knows it’s a huge risk, he can only imagine how Mycroft would react. On the other hand, though, it’s fine, so much that it feels odd. It’s fine to know that there’s another person sharing his secret, and it’s fine that this person is Mary. Ironically, he trusts her in a way he doesn’t trust anyone else, not even John. He briefly wonders if it’s weird to trust someone with your life but not with the secrets of your heart.
The answer comes that evening, when Greg texts him.
They hold each other in silence for a minute while John mentally thanks him for every little thing Sherlock has done for him over the years.
What to expect: Sherlock's apologies to Molly, some Sherlock-Mycroft bonding time, some Mycroft-Rosie bonding time, and of course Sherlock and John finally getting together.
“You don’t want me to move back anymore?” John asks, for the first time concretely realising how this all is going to impact their friendship.
Then, the screen turns black, and John buries his head on Sherlock’s chest, enveloping him in a hug.
“We’ll think about it, okay?” John adds. ”Maybe a small one, to begin with.”
As the days go by, something changes in Sherlock’s relationship with John, in a way so subtle that Sherlock wouldn’t even notice if he wasn’t Sherlock. The occasions in which they touch become more frequent than before, although they remain sporadic and limited to definite moments.
With that, John retires back into his room, grinning to himself once fifteen minutes have passed and the noise of the blender still hasn’t appeared again.
Everything, from the trees to the roofs, is covered by a white blanket of snow, that creaks beneath his boots as he walks. He shudders in his coat, the cold air stinging his face like a hundred tiny needles.
“You’re heavily pregnant and I don’t concern myself with modern music,” he objects.
“She was your wife. It’s understandable,” Sherlock says, finally figuring where this conversation is going. One more thing that John is going to blame himself for, and that’s the last thing Sherlock wants.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies.
“Oh, no reason at all.”
Mycroft seems to think about it for a moment.
The memory makes Sherlock’s eyes tear up once more, as if he was living it all over again. He remembers his first meeting with John, how he thought he wouldn’t matter, he wouldn’t change a thing.
Sherlock’s breath gets caught in his throat, as he starts wondering how Mycroft can know of this, when no one knows, no one has to know, but maybe it was naïve of him to believe Mycroft wouldn’t learn the truth sooner or later.
doctor.
First, he enjoys John’s company. Second, he enjoys John’s cuddles, his only, while the thought of being touched that way by anyone else makes him flinch in repulsion. Third, he wanted to kiss John that one time, after John pecked his cheek . And lastly, more than once lately he has found himself peeking at John when he was half-naked or wrapped up in his bathrobe after the shower. Sherlock found himself staring at his flatmate’s wet hair, following with his eyes the drops of water down John’s neck until they disappeared in the absorbent fabric.
He brings more photo albums the following time. Even if she stops being in the pictures at some point, she still looks at them with interest, listening to her brother’s voice narrating the events behind every single shot, at least what he remembers. Which is surprisingly more than he imagined. Some things he thought he’d deleted years ago, but it turns out they’re still there, buried somewhere in his mind palace.
Maybe he’s just lucky, he thinks, to have found a friend who always laughs with him.
“I imagined you would be bored, so I thought I’d bring something to cheer you up,” she adds. And with that, she extracts a travel chess set from her purse, shaking it vigorously to tease him, letting him hear all the pieces rattling inside. “If you want to play with me, that is.”
While he spoke, Rosie had started pulling Mycroft’s trousers, leaving the man no other choice than pull her up into his lap, giving her the most awkward smile Sherlock had ever seen on anyone.
They do.
She raises on her toes and kisses his lips, softly, quickly, more a friendly gesture than a sexual one.
For a moment, Mary stares at her webcam in silence. Sherlock’s eyes are focused on John, observing the wrinkle on his forehead and the tears pooled above his lower eyelids. Sherlock squeezes his hand even tighter, showing him he’s there for him. As an answer, the edge of John’s lip crooks up in a thankful smile.
However, he did end up lying face-down on the street and with a sharp pain on his left ankle. Possibly not his most accurate calculation, but he’s fine.
Sherlock blinks again, retiring for a moment in his mind palace in search for memories he thought he deleted a long time ago.
“She’s my sister, John, and she needs…” Love. Understanding. “She
Sherlock’s lips curl up in a provocative smile. “Oh, but what’s the fun for you if I tell you all the details? This way you can entertain yourself figuring out where I am.”
He chats with this man sitting in front of him. He learns things about him. Not that he hasn’t deduced them already, but somehow Sherlock lets him speak, and he finds himself interested in the information he’s acquiring. And then, to reciprocate, he says something on the same topic, or closely related.
Mrs Hudson is Nana. No one really knows how that happened, because no one ever referred to her as Nana, but after a day spent at John’s parents’, Rosie came home and started calling Mrs Hudson ‘Nana’. John never corrected her.
Enjoy :)
“Sit down, I need to check your ankle. You might need to go to the hospital,” John says as they enter the lounge.
John checks it out briefly. He hasn’t seen it since the last time he had to help Sherlock change his bandages.
“Yes… though I wasn’t sure you liked the idea.”
Sherlock nods, giving up his purpose to understand Lestrade’s motivations and focusing on the speech.
. Although Sherlock dislikes labels, he recognises he himself probably is what is commonly referred to as a gay man, but that doesn’t mean he’s sure he wants to be romantically involved at all. He would never risk ruining his friendship with John for something he’s fairly sure he doesn’t want. And even if he did want it, he believes he couldn’t handle it properly. He doesn’t even like actually kissing people.
“Thank you,” she whispers.
The conversation, or better, the monologue resumes. Sherlock can’t help smiling.
John stands up and begins pacing around the small room, his hands in fists resting on his hips. “You practically died on me, do you know that?! You went into cardiac arrest in the ambulance, right under my eyes!” he fumes, his eyes now flashing with ire. “Do you have any idea how I felt?!”
“Oh Sherlock,” she whispers, rubbing his arm. “Death belongs to those who remain.”
Lestrade smiles warmly. “You can say something about what makes John special, why he’s your best friend… in your own words, you know. Maybe say something nice about Mary too.”
He himself has been trying to fall asleep for a while now, miserably failing due to the unusually hot temperature, about 6 degrees above seasonal average, he estimated. Opening the bedroom door to aid ventilation didn’t help either.
“John?” he calls.
Sherlock leans forward on his elbows against his knees. “She wants you to play. She usually likes when people impersonate her toys.”
Mycroft obviously is Mike, and that’s a bit Sherlock’s fault.
“I am willing to bring some changes into my life in order to have you and Rosie live there again,” he states eventually.
The smile on John’s face widens. “I am, yes… if you are.”
“It’s nothing personal, Sherlock,” he explained. “I’m as interested in her as I am in any other human being… so not at all, to clarify.”
“You will?”
They’re married now. And they’re having a baby. If he had one last hope that marriage wouldn’t change things, offspring will for sure.
He sighs, slightly embarrassed. “It started with… ‘you can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life’--“
“Yes but it’s been years, how is it even possible that—“
“Yes,” he whispers, his heart beating just a little bit faster.
“Family,” she whispers.
“She was your friend.”
“We’ve already discussed this earlier today,” Sherlock replies immediately. He doesn’t want John to further bash himself. What is done is done. It is what it is. Sherlock has forgiven him. It’s okay.
Flattering and alarming at the same time. Sherlock wants to make John feel good, he wants to feel the texture of John’s skin under his fingertips on every inch of his body. There’s no doubt on Sherlock’s willingness to pleasure John. The mere idea of John writhing and moaning in Sherlock’s arms, because of Sherlock’s ministrations, makes the detective’s cock harden further.
What to expect: h/c and angst, mainly. In particular what happens in the last minutes of TST, John's letter, what happens immediately after the hug in TLD, and John trying to make it up to Sherlock for hitting him. But there's also Sherlock babysitting Rosie, twice, so not everything is sad and angsty.
At that, Sherlock blinks.
He plays with her, sitting on the carpet, his back against his chair, Rosie on his lap. He sits her down on his knees while he googles ‘how to make a baby laugh’. He blows raspberries on her tummy when he changes her nappy with the Youtube tutorial opened on his phone, and he mentally notes down that tickly touches make her laugh more than funny faces.
John is convenient, and Sherlock likes having John around. Of course, people we like are always convenient, or we wouldn’t like them, Sherlock believes. Human nature is so dull it’s mind-numbing.
Wrong decision, dangerous territory, his mind keeps repeating even that same evening, as he takes the underground and then walks to that address, only to discover it is a block of flats. Squared, dark grey, typical communist architecture.
“No need to make that face, I know it’s no news,” John says, a tiny smirk appearing on his own lips.
“Yes?”
One, two, three, one, two, three. After a considerable amount of repetitions, Sherlock stops dancing himself and just watches John, studying his mistakes and correcting them. He’s not bad for a beginner. His movements are insecure and not nearly as gracious as his own, but it’s just been half an hour and he’s doing great.
“Yes. It’s hot. We’ve been through this. It’s the reason why you agreed on sleeping here.”
And then, just a second later, John’s lips are softly pressing on Sherlock’s flushed cheek, making his eyes widen in surprise and his stomach jump with love.
If revealing his sexuality was easy, this is something else entirely. This is his heart, where he is at his most vulnerable. And mostly, this is something that could upset Mary, although somewhere in his mind Sherlock knows she’ll be okay with it. Their love for John has always brought them together, never apart.
Caring is not an advantage.
Sherlock’s heart is racing, beating against his ribcage as if it was trying to escape. Mary’s dead, and John, oh, John, Sherlock can only imagine how much pain John is in right now. Sherlock tried to reach for him, to hold him and be held by him, but John stopped him and hissed all of his hate.
It feels as if the whole world has crashed onto him as he understands what she’s referring to. She’s heard what Mycroft said.
Eurus has destroyed part of her house, and yet Mrs Hudson is willing to meet her, just because it’s important to Sherlock. He’ll never be grateful enough for her presence.
When Sherlock escorts Eurus back to the helicopter that will take her back to Sherrinford, she finally says the first words of the day.
Sherlock takes Rosie out for a walk when she wakes up and she’s a bit grumpy. He wears John’s carrier and talks to her as they walk, deducing people as if she could understand him.
She nods, quickly, her glance traveling from Sherlock to the open abdomen before her. “It’s okay. Greg texted me last night, he told me all about the… well, your sister and everything. We’re fine. We don’t need to talk about it.”
Sherlock immediately frowns. “Excuse me?”
Sherlock stands there, watching her dissect the latest corpse, a Caucasian, middle-aged man. She’s so focused it takes a while for her to notice that she isn’t alone in the room anymore.
John smiles fondly. “It was lonely for me too.”
“Doggy,” Rosie said next, showing Mycroft the little stuffed dog she was holding. Mrs Hudson’s gift.
“Wha- where are you going?” John asks, his hand still in mid hair, where Sherlock’s head was.
“The case? Didn’t you requested my advice on your marriage?”
They arrive in Bethnal Green, where clothes and traces of blood have been found, but without a corpse in sight. Sherlock examines the surrounding, and it takes him approximately two minutes to make the proper deduction.
John smiles, a bit awkwardly, glancing at his own feet, his hands in his pockets. “So, er… how do we start?”
“So you said nothing is going to change,” he says after a second of silence. Now that the long term effects are sorted out, he needs to understand how their relationship is going to work on a daily basis while John figures himself out, and possibly afterwards, should the outcome be unfavourable.
Sherlock receives only one texts from John, the day of Mary’s funeral.
“She is here because she needs my protection, she’s my friend, and-“
“It’s fine.”
Too many incalculable variables, the risk is too big, and therefore not worth taking.
“It’s my child,” John whispers, mindlessly stroking the screen with a finger, just a veil of tears covering his eyes. “I’m going to be a father, Sherlock.”
Those last words suddenly remind Sherlock that John is in fact going to spend the night, and all his previous questions resurface in his mind.
A couple of hours later, when they’re both pyjama clad and ready for bed, they bump into each other as John walks out of Rosie’s room and Sherlock of the bathroom.
This time, John’s tongue darts out to wet his upper lip, his smile becoming something Sherlock has never seen before directed to himself. To Mary a few times, but never to himself before. Flirty, he would define it.
DI Lestrade likes him, it’s obvious, or he wouldn’t consult him on a regular basis, and now another obvious fact is that he cares too. Just like John.
“Tell me again why you thought it would be a good idea to jump down a fire escape?” John says, crossing his arms to his chest and watching as Sherlock limps up the stairs to their flat.
John reaches for Sherlock with his hand, and Sherlock takes it immediately,  intertwining their fingers together and squeezing as he sits next to John on the sofa.
“What will you do when you see Doctor Watson again?” she asks then.
“Romania, but it’s no concern. From there however I’ll be travelling to Serbia… the biggest cell is hidden somewhere on the border with Montenegro.”
John’s lips are always so soft. Sherlock leans into the touch for the whole second it lasts, silently grieving it when it’s over and John walks away.
Staring out the window, Sherlock ponders on the events that happened just a short time before, in a darkened pool. He met his enemy, Moriarty, and they were all going to blow up if someone hadn’t called. But that isn’t what concerns Sherlock’s mind. He is used to risking his life on a daily basis.
“Well well, what was that?” she asks, her voice down a tone, her tongue licking her lips. Her pupils slightly dilated.
They remain like that, embraced together and breathing in each other’s scent, their hearts beating in unison, Sherlock’s hand cupping John’s nape and softly brushing the short hair there with his thumb.
A low hum escapes John’s throat the second Sherlock nibbles at his lower lip, a sound that somehow goes straight to a part of Sherlock that he wasn’t expecting. His cock twitches with interest in his pants, surprising Sherlock almost enough to distract him.
“For what it’s worth,” Mary adds, “if John and I divorce, I hope he ends up with you.”
The worst part about this dance lesson, however, is the considerable chance that this is also their last contact. John is getting married in three days, and after that, time will make them drift further and further apart, until they’re just a faded picture in each other’s memories. Sherlock still fondly remembers the affectionate moments they used to share before he was forced to stage his own death.
Sherlock is leaning against the railing over the Thames when a large hand is laid on his shoulder. Mycroft’s hand, obviously. Sherlock turns around to face his brother, seeking in his eyes a form of understanding, perhaps Mycroft will hold him. Sherlock knows he doesn’t deserve it, because he killed Mary and he should be thinking of John now, but he can’t help taking a step forward and hoping his brother will welcome him in his arms for a minute, just like when they were children.
That day, however, something is different. When he looks up to wave goodbye, her hand is resting against the glass and her eyes are piercing his in an attempt to catch his attention.
. Forever.
“Sher-Sherlock, how… what happened?” John asks softly, forcing himself to put aside the instinctive anger that surged inside him towards whoever did this to his best friend.
He closes his eyes for a moment, thanking her mentally first, and then aloud.
Sherlock’s heartbeat accelerates considerably, as he starts wondering what he’s supposed to do, whether he should wake up John, or get up himself. Or just lie there and enjoy the moment, and pretend it was done on purpose, not as the result of too much alcohol and a low temperature in the room.
“No,” Sherlock replies. A second later, an amused smile appears on his mouth as a memory resurfaces in his mind. Mary had said so, that John believed Sherlock was in love with Irene.
He used to suffer from chronic insomnia when he was younger. Entire nights spent looking down his microscope, or playing the violin, or carrying out the most unlikely experiments. When he was on a case he never slept at all, for days even. Now he’s tired, incredibly so, every night. So many hours spent unconscious, time he could spend elsewhere, exercising his mind, that he instead spends in his warm bed. It doesn’t even bother him anymore. Perhaps there is a finite number of experiments one can focus on at night. Or perhaps there are more important things in his life now, that are worth losing sleep for.
“I was already thinking of moving back to Baker Street, you know,” John whispers when they part after a while, drying his tears with the back of his hand. “This is Mary’s flat… I don’t want to live here without her.”
“What’s wrong?” she asks, a hint of concern in her voice.
“Yes… you don’t?”
A couple of minutes pass by, and Sherlock smiles when he feels the pressure of Mycroft’s body against his hands getting less sharp. Sherlock knows what is happening. Endorphins are taking over, the muscles are relaxing.
Any other day he would have walked away without thinking twice, but today he’s as lonely as he’s ever been, and any human contact sounds better than no human contact at all.
“Plus I have assessed her, and I firmly believe she is harmless,” he adds.
“You’re not that tall.”
Abba rings a bell to Sherlock, a flash in his mind of Mycroft’s room and his disc collection, where Abba was a recurring name. Sherlock wonders what happened to those discs. He just knows that they disappeared when Mycroft left for university, and soon it was Sherlock who lost interest in his brother’s life.
Sherlock doesn’t understand that either. Love is the most powerful motivator he knows, and it definitely was enough for him.
“Thank you Mrs Hudson,” he whispers, looking down at his hands in his lap. He was going to make the mistake once again. John said he couldn’t live with himself if anything happened to Rosie, and Sherlock knows he couldn’t either.
As John disappears upstairs carrying Rosie with one arm and her bag with the other, Sherlock waits, almost frozen on the spot, concerned about the implications of John’s words. They need to talk. Chances are it’s about what happened earlier that afternoon between them, the hugs and tears and words. John’s lips peppering his face with tender pecks.
He keeps walking down the Nevsky Prospect, trying to imagine it’s the Strand, when at some point he sees something, or better, someone that makes him doubt his own senses.
Sherlock can’t help smiling at that label that he himself attached to John the day the bomb exploded. It’s incredibly relieving to know that however things will turn out, they’re family.
It was dangerously nice. He can’t help hoping it will happen again.
Mrs Hudson’s voice reaches his ears, making his words suddenly die in his throat. Glancing sideways, he sees her leaning on the doorway, her head tilted down, a disappointed look in her eyes. Clearly she’s been there for a while.
“Can I hold her?” Sherlock asks tentatively, completely ignoring the other man’s words.  He approaches John reaching for Rosie with an arm.
She smiles, gently, completely unaware of the chaos in his mind.
Sherlock realises that John’s mind is probably working full speed now. “What about her?”
Sherlock blinks. “Is this a deal breaker?”
“Your parents are her family, have lunch there. For sure they’ll be happier than I am.”
John fidgets with his hands on the table, his bad leg bouncing up and down, and he takes a deep breath.
He takes her hand and they get up together. She has a grin that covers her whole face, and he can’t help mirroring her, as usual.
How does Mycroft not understand what he’s missing, isolating himself from people? How does he not understand the beauty of having someone by your side? How does he not understand the importance of friendship to Sherlock?
Sherlock for a change decides to act like John would, apologising to Molly, and even lightly kissing her cheek, the way he used to do when apologising to Mummy many, many years ago.
His voice was more high-pitched than usual, and Sherlock has obviously caught that. It’s not fine, he thinks. Mary was wrong. He’s ruined everything.
“We used to do this all the time when we were younger,” Sherlock says, a bit amused at the sight of his upset brother.
are extraordinary,” he adds, almost a whisper.
When John is back, a minute later, his hands are washed, and Mary has disappeared. “If you need me I’ll be on my chair. Hopefully awake,” he says.
Molly shrugs, rolling her scarf around her neck. “He texted me saying he changed his mind.”
Instead, he likes her, truly. She’s unequivocally clever, and frankly a pleasure to be around. She jokes with him. She laughs with him, not at him.
It’s clear that John remembers it too when he immediately sits next to Sherlock, cradling him in his arms. And Sherlock cries, all the tears he hasn’t cried so far, he lets them all out, on John’s shoulder, his arms tucked against John’s chest. He weeps, unable to stop, his body shaken by sobs and sighs and he can’t remember the last time he cried like this, for Redbeard perhaps.
Idiot, Sherlock screams in his head, feeling nothing but despise for himself because he ruined the best thing of his life, his friendship with John. Mary was wrong, so wrong, she thought Sherlock might have had a chance with John, when this is probably the farthest scenario from the truth.
Sherlock is tempted to lie, once again, but maintaining the impassable façade gets a lot harder in the night, with John’s fingers in his hair.
“No, no waltz. Let’s get some beat. Give me a song.”
They finally part when the kettle clicks.
“Thank you. See, that doesn’t make much of a diff-“
He can live with John not knowing, because it means soon there will be a definite answer. It might be a rejection, but it might not be, and never in his life has doubt been so beautiful.
It all unfolds in the next few minutes, when Sherlock takes his suit off and puts on his pyjama, wincing in pain with the movements but enjoying the sensation of the softer material caressing his skin. Then he calls John, who walks into Sherlock’s bedroom and instructs him to lay down. Sherlock is taken by surprise but he complies anyway, settling himself under the thick duvet and sighing in content for a moment, as he watches John retrieve something from his bag.
John rests his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, their hands firmly entwined together, as Mary tells John how much she loved him and how much he saved her and changed her and how happy she was to be Mary Watson. Then she talks to Rosie for a couple of minutes. “A message for your twelfth birthday, sweetheart,” she says, her words filled with love and her eyes with the sadness of a person who suspects she will never see her daughter grow up.
Like John’s hand in his hair, a soothing movement. Something that feels good. A gesture of affection. A cuddle.
Sherlock goes to bed that night with this brand new awareness, that his new flatmate cares about him, and that they enjoy each other’s company, and with no idea of what to do with this information.
me to the bottom of a bloody well and now what, I’m supposed to treat her like family? No.”
Mycroft glanced quickly at Sherlock. “What does she want?” he asked.
A second later, John lays his hand on his flatmate’s shoulder, softly,  barely squeezing. Sherlock feels the warmth of it, he can’t see it but he could trace its contours, the palm, the fingers splayed open, the thumb on his bicep, and then he feels it travel upwards. He presses his lips together, suppressing a gasp as John’s hand lands in his hair, stroking gently.
His answer is almost automatic. “I know.”
He takes Mary’s hands and he finds himself dancing as if time hasn’t passed. He lets the beat take him back to a time where things were different and he could be happy only dancing to a song, without a care in the world. As Mary makes him spin, as they bump hips and sing some verses aloud in each other’s face, Sherlock wonders if that was really so far from what is happening right now.
Five minutes later, Mycroft’s reply perfectly sums up Sherlock’s mood.
“We’ll get through this together, hm? Like we always do, okay?” John says. He waits for Sherlock to nod before bending over and pressing his lips on Sherlock’s temple.
She smiles fondly at him. “Just don’t you dare forget me, okay?” she asks, winking.
If he’s honest with himself, he can hardly wait.
He said he would have sex with her if he had to, but he lied.
He blinks, startled. The last time he saw her was when he saved her life in Karachi. He told her to run, and she did. Once the danger was gone, he tried to run after her, but she had just disappeared.
John knew Sherlock and Mary were friends, but he had no idea they were this close, so much that Sherlock trusted her enough to reveal his feelings. It makes John feel a bit better, though, to know that said feelings weren’t so blatant to be caught by a third eye. It means he can stop wondering how he managed to miss them. They actually were well hidden.
“Well, or so I was told,” Sherlock replies, laying on his back so that John can see, if he wants to.
The younger man takes a deep breath before speaking. “What I meant is you did what you thought was best. You couldn’t have foreseen the consequences, you acted on the data you had available at the time. You analysed pros and cons of every move, and opted for the one that could bring greater advantage with the minimum risk possible.”
Sherlock blinks, unable to understand the question. “I don’t understand what you want to know,” he says calmly.
“Okay, good, that’s good.”
“Please.”
“Up,” Rosie uttered, stretching her little arms upwards towards Mycroft, who sat in John’s chair discussing the latest case with his brother.
“Oh,” he says. “You wanted to dance with me?”
“She’s fine.”
everything about Sherlock’s feelings, that she had deduced them.
She turns around, her teary eyes and her wet cheeks break his heart. “Why?”
Sherlock hands John his cup while taking a sip from his own and resisting the urge to roll his eyes. Those titles.
By the way she looks at him and the way she’s stopped crying, he deduces she does. He kisses her cheek happily, eliciting a laughter from her when he tickles her with his stubble. He walks around the room holding her in his arms, soothingly whispering all the things that they are going to do that day. He’s not sure John will want to leave his daughter in Sherlock’s custody, but it’s definitely worth a try.
“Why are you telling me this?”
Sherlock takes his seat again, next to Mary, without saying a word. She speaks to the baby, kisses her, touches her tiny hands and feet, occasionally glancing at John, who glances back through the rear-view mirror as he drives. The whole car is a mess, but neither of them seems to notice or care.
doctor, and if you don’t stop kicking me we are going to the hospital.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Since it’s very likely she won’t have siblings, I thought a dog would be beneficial for her.”
“I saved her life because I am a decent human being, contrary to popular belief, and she had done nothing to deserve her death,” Sherlock says. “The other two… I suppose I can say I text her because she’s a friend.”
“What a waste of time,” he complains out loud, walking fast. “I can’t believe no one in your team noticed the hair was fake. Do you even have eyes?”
Another minute of silence passes. The screen switches off as the computer goes on stand-by mode, leaving the room in the darkness again. John leans his head back against the header, closing his eyes.
“What for?”
That night, John found out it was quite the opposite. Sherlock was silent, and still, and he made himself smaller, curling up in a foetal position with his knees pressed to his chest.
Yes is the answer.
“I don’t care what you’re doing. It’s three in the morning and that thing’s keeping me up. Go to sleep.”
“I, er… I suppose I should leave you some space.”
Usually once they’re done playing, he puts his violin back in its black case, he waves goodbye and leaves. She doesn’t do anything. She remains still, watching him through the glass, her eyes back to being cold and unresponsive.
One evening, John comes back unusually early from a date, although, as Sherlock can deduce, it did end well, with sexual intercourse, as per John’s wishes.
Not that John cares about the room, or a potential dog, or dinner dates. He has finally made peace with himself, and found the strength in his heart to let himself be happy again. And he is, now, happy, in Baker Street, with his daughter asleep upstairs and Sherlock Holmes all tall and brainy and adorable in his lap.
“Miss Adler.”
“Yes, I did.”
“I didn’t find you on purpose,” he replies, his own voice lower than he wished.
“You have to work in the morning. It’s okay,” Sherlock finishes for her, and watches her gather her things.
The second he finished the sentence and Mary looks up at him again, he realises he has said too much. To an average ear it would be no problem, but she’s clever, she can read between the lines.
With only a quick glance to his side Sherlock can deduce that John is in distress, or sad maybe, for sure a negative emotion, and every time Sherlock himself is upset, John never fails to offer comfort if he’s around. Sherlock decides he might just do the same.
“Mary emailed me a couple of pictures from the scan she had today… the screen of my phone is rather small, so I took my laptop, and… well, have a look.”
He takes a sip of his tea and walks away, pretending what just happened doesn’t already have a special place in his mind palace.
But of course, of course it’s clear now that they actually talked about it.
After listening carefully for a few seconds, he comes to the conclusion that the steps are obviously John’s.
“You’re the best friend anyone could ask for,” John continues, sniffling, his thumbs stroking Sherlock’s cheekbones. “You’re smart… and brave… and you have such a big heart… and I love you, and I’m so lucky to have you, so lucky…”
John has just lost his wife. Rosie has lost her mother. And all of this is Sherlock’s fault. He staggers backwards, between his brother’s and Lestrade’s shocked looks, and finds his way out of the Aquarium.
Mary’s dead. Deceased. Departed. Mary Watson ceased to exist, to save his life.
He looks up at the sky. The clouds are thin and a ray of sun cuts the chilly autumn air. He stands up.
He hopes John is proud of him.
“You’re not a fraud,” John says, laying his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Okay? I know you’re not. I’m ready to fight everyone who believes otherwise.”
A handshake is better, safer.
“Sherlock?”
“It was for science,” he says.
That was such a happy day. If he’d known what would have happened in the following months, he would have enjoyed it more, spent less time on Twitter and more in the company of his friends. Of his family.
“She’s on our side. She needs protection,” Sherlock says, knowing that Mycroft understands no other explanation than practical ones. Everything that concerns sentiment is obscure to him. “Trust my judgement.”
“Why are you here, Mr Holmes? Why did you find me?” she asks, almost a whisper.
“My brain is rotting from boredom, but other than that I’m fine,” he replies.
“Okay, you made me say I love you, you had to, to save my life, fine!” She’s yelling now, her cheeks flushed red. “But what
“The whole time, yes,” Sherlock confirms, taking strength from Mrs Hudson’s warm hand on his shoulder.
“Okay,” John says again. “That’s fine, it’s-it’s fine. It’s fine.”
“Yep, looks all right,” is all he says, much to Sherlock’s disappointment.
Sometimes he thinks of Mrs Hudson too, when he sees an old lady on the street. If he closes his eyes, he can still hear her climb the stairs, the pace of her steps so different than John’s, much lighter, slower, and a bit asymmetrical, because of her hip. He hears her voice calling his name with the most affectionate tone.
“You’re a doctor, and a man yourself, this is hardly the first time you see an unclothed male body. I fail to see the problem.”
Irene Adler has died, and Sherlock hates that he cares about it. He can’t even explain it, he barely knew her, but there was something about her that didn’t leave him indifferent. An instinct to stay as far away as possible, balanced by an inner desire to know more about her.
John and Lestrade are standing behind him, watching intently.
“First, I can dance, I just need to be careful and not overdo. Second, I’m not up to date either but come on, you must know some songs! Some 80s classics? What did you listen to when you were a kid?”
Sherlock pushes the duvet down to his hips, and touches an area on his upper abdomen, immediately noticing the way John bites his lip as he realises that’s the exact spot where he kicked Sherlock.
Who knows, they might even kiss. If kissing Irene was sweet, kissing John should be extraordinary.
It isn’t clear whether John has actually asked for a repetition of the offer or if he’s just tried to give Sherlock a chance to take it back. Even the detective knows that sleeping in the same bed would be crossing an invisible line.
He hears her chuckle. “Drama queen indeed.”
“I wrote a similar one a few of months ago. It enlists the 34 types of soil particles that can be found on the floor of a tube carriage after morning peak time. Have you read it?”
“You don’t seem happy to see me,” Sherlock mutters, his speech a bit slurred and his voice still thick with drugs.
She’s in a house that reminds her of John, that smells of John, but John won’t even talk to her.
In a matter of seconds, the music coming from Mary’s phone fills the room. Sherlock remembers it vividly, so much he can’t believe he hasn’t heard this song in more than twenty-five years. He knows it perfectly, every instrument that plays, every word that is sung.
“What?” John asks noticing the subtle change of mood.
“Then why is she here? Now I would say this is about John Watson, but he has left her, hasn’t he? He moved back to Baker Street three weeks ago.”
Mycroft sits back against his chair, pinching the bridge of his nose, and Sherlock thinks he’s getting somewhere.
Home is the best place to be.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes. And I’ll talk him round.” He winks.
The next morning, Mrs Hudson arrived with Rosie and the four of them had breakfast together, telling their landlady the events of the night, only interrupted by her frequent “oh dear”. Then, that afternoon, Sherlock had coffee with Molly and had a nice chat with her about bowels and dead tissues.
“I don’t… I’m here in case you want to talk,” John replies.
“Dance,” she reads. “Moving one’s body following a musical rhythm. As in ‘Sherlock owes me a dance’.”
Sherlock’s memories of her resurface gradually, week after week, he starts to remember her face first, then her voice, then the things they used to do together. Distant, faded memories become more and more vivid with the tune of their violins.
On to the next chapter! This one covers all of series 2, starting from A Scandal in Belgravia to after Reichenbach Fall.
When John steps on Sherlock’s toes, as per Sherlock’s predictions, he mutters a quick apology. The second time it happens, John apologises again, but it comes out with a giggle.
They watch as Rosie gets more and more steady, and one step turns into two, and then three, with Molly’s aid. Mrs Hudson has rushed upstairs with her phone, ready to take a video and immortalise the moment. The three of them sit in circle, Sherlock and Molly on the floor, Mrs Hudson on the sofa, and take turns in helping Rosie stumble her way from one to another. Rosie tries to do it all by herself a couple of times, without anyone holding her hands, but she falls on her bum after one step. Even then, everyone keeps cheering and encouraging her, knowing that literally every step is important.
“I do, but what has this got to do with anything?”
She likes him, she liked him immediately, he could tell. He interrupted her precious proposal, completely ruined her evening, and she liked him anyway. In a situation in which it was Sherlock versus John, her own fiancé, she sided with Sherlock.
Silence falls between them as they stare into each other’s eyes for a moment, letting the implications of their words sink down on them. Without each other, they’re lonely. It’s a fact, Sherlock thinks.
“Sherlock?” he says, removing both his earphones.
Before actually seeing John appearing in the living room, all Sherlock could do was wondering why the change of mind, what brought him here for the night when Mrs Hudson would have been a much more obvious choice. However, the moment Sherlock’s gaze lands on John, all he manages to focus on is Rosie, sound asleep on her dad’s shoulder, her golden curls now long enough to cover part of her forehead.
“Will you do it?” John screams to be heard over the blowtorch.
John’s concern has just spared Sherlock from a trip to the A&E.
Another Sunday she lets him teach her a song he composed, filling his heart with joy. He picks the waltz he’d written for John and Mary.
With that, Lestrade pats Sherlock’s back twice before heading towards the stairs.
When John arrives at 221B, that same evening, he’s welcomed by the sight of the furniture pushed against the walls, and Sherlock standing in the middle of a bare-looking living room, his hands joined in front of his stomach.
“Your listening skills are remarkable,” he tells her at some point.
Caring is not an advantage.
“There, done,” he says, crossing his arms to his chest. “What now? I’m still fully awake.”
“You’re insulting me if you think this is my best, Sherlock,” Mycroft concludes.
Mycroft stares at the flames while his brain processes the newly acquired information, and suddenly Sherlock’s close proximity is far from unwanted.
“Say no more.”
He calls Wiggins, the game is on.
“Hi Mary, John is not here I’m afraid.”
Mycroft is staring at him with wide eyes and a grimace of annoyance. “What now?”
He sighs theatrically, looking up at the ceiling. “Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I lie here relying on morphine to sink me down into oblivion and make me forget how dreadfully long hours are.”
“I called Mummy today,” Mycroft whispers. “I told her I had to talk to her, but I didn’t say what about. She’s coming with Dad tomorrow. I don’t know how I’m going to tell them what I’ve done.”
“John, there’s something… I should say, I’ve meant to say always and I never have… Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again, I might as well say it now.”
Sherlock sighs loudly, still staring at the screen. “Okay but why did you have to write it?”
Mary laughs imagining the scene. It’s hard to believe that Mycroft Holmes used to be a normal teenager. “I might sing it to him the next time I meet him.”
He remembered how, just seconds before falling off the building, he stretched his arm towards John, as a way of comforting him from far away.
When they hear John’s steps climb the stairs, everyone stands up, exchanging excited looks, and Sherlock lifts Rosie up. His heart races in anticipation. He quickly figures half of the enthusiasm comes from the fact that this moment is shared, and the whole room seems filled with joy.
And then, just like a slap, his mind reminds him that John is taken, that he’s probably holding Mary right now, and not even remotely thinking about his best friend back in London.
“Christ Sherlock, no, it’s not okay!” John yells, wishing it sounded firm and confident but this time his voice quivers all over again. He cups Sherlock’s face with both his hands, letting new tears flow freely down his reddened cheeks. “I love you, and people who love should never hurt you… not like that, never like that…”
Sherlock has lost his friend. He blinks.
“People die, Sherlock,” he whispers, his face impassable. “That’s what humans do. We all die, at some point, there’s no reason to be shocked. I warned you so many times that caring is not an advantage…”
John immediately jumps out of the bed as if it was on fire.
“Sod off,” John whispers at this point, without moving, still more asleep than awake.
Whom to expect: pretty much everyone actually. Sherlock, John, Molly, Mary (both real and mind palace), some minor Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and Mycroft. And of course little Rosie!
The next second, John’s laying across his chest, his arms clumsily grasping his shoulders, his head nestled under his chin.
He kisses her again, just as quickly, for science, trying to determine the truthfulness of the data.
John doesn’t, and Sherlock deduces that, ultimately, it really was all about Mary. John isn’t happy here in Baker Street anymore, he needs to go back home, to Mary, and Sherlock is determined to do all in his power to make this happen.
John’s eyes travel beyond his screen to look at Sherlock, at the way the light from his laptop is almost reflected on his pale face.
“This is Mary… she was a bit my sister too,” he says. “She isn’t with us anymore, she… she passed away last year…” He wonders if he’ll ever be able to talk about her without his throat tightening. “She died to save my life…”
He’s here for her, to be with her and let her feel she’s loved, no matter what.
A single tear rolls down his cheek as he hopes to see her walk out from behind one of the trees, a hand over her mouth to muffle her laughter. “You should see your face right now!” she would say, and he would laugh with her.
Sherlock has no excuse to give up on his brother.
“Nothing, just… let’s start over, mate, shall we?” Lestrade offers, clearing his throat in an attempt to repress further giggles. “I’ll help you out.”
Sherlock almost feels bad for him.
Molly has never given up on Sherlock either, and he can’t say he ever treated her well. He dismissed her, humiliated her, and she kept standing by his side, always reminding him that he could always count on her. Sherlock could never remember Lestrade’s name, for years, he used to insult the inspector’s lack of observation skills, and yet Greg stayed too. Mrs Hudson has prepared Sherlock’s tea every morning for the last seven years, she cleans his house and provides him with motherly affection, and Sherlock has never said thank you. But the tea is always there, hot and with just the right amount of milk, waiting for Sherlock to get up.
And while John rambles on about all the most insignificant details in the picture, Sherlock can only stare at his friend, at the love and joy pouring out of his eyes and his voice, as if he was having the chance to look for the first time at the most beautiful creature on the planet.
John never asks Sherlock to babysit, until one day he does.
As his eyes fill with tears, he finally moves, and sits on the black sofa, desperately hoping that John remembers their old code, the one they used so many years ago. Sofa meant please join me.
As John tries to close the gap between their mouths, Sherlock stops him with a finger. John just accepts they aren’t going to have a normal make out session, probably ever. As if it’s normal to have a make out session at forty-four, he thinks.
Sherlock stares at their joined hands, his own larger and cold for the lack of blood flow, and John’s one, smaller but warm as a summer day. They fit so well together, he thinks.
“I’m so glad you’re back, I missed you!” she whispers to his ear.
Sherlock blinks, his eyes fixed on Rosie, in John’s arms. After realising he knew absolutely nothing on how to concretely take care of a baby, Sherlock spent the last couple of days thoroughly researching everything he thought he was supposed to know.
“It’s hardly the first time you lack knowledge on a subject,” Sherlock says eventually, earning himself the faintest giggle from John.
In general, he doesn’t like people, a fact supported by the scarce number of friends he counts.
“Let me make a deduction, will you?” she asks again, her finger tracing his jawline.
He has to run it by Mycroft first, so he books an appointment with him the following week.
It’s a normal afternoon until Rosie decides it’s time to stand up on her feet. Sherlock doesn’t understand the importance of the moment until he sees Molly’s mouth hanging open.
He caresses the image of Rosie with the pad of his finger. She was so tiny, he thinks, she would fit perfectly in Mary’s arms. Now she seems to grow a bit taller every day, she’s constantly learning new things, she runs around 221B and her laughter fills the air. Sherlock loves her more than he can say. It’s like the amount of love he feels for John and Mary had summed up together and completely taken over his heart.
“I might need a moment,” John says sitting up, his voice thick with sleep. “And sorry about… before. I didn’t mean to… you know… I didn’t realise…”
“I just really want to punch you in the face right now,” is John’s harsh reply.
John massages softly, in circles, spreading the ointment on Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock’s skin is soft under his touch, mostly hairless except for a little dusting on his chest and below his navel, but John’s hand doesn’t travel that far. He finds himself wanting to, for the shortest second, before he harshly represses that thought. He remains focused on the hurt zone on his abdomen, making sure the ointment is spread evenly among the three bruises.
There. The bomb has been dropped. There’s no escape, Sherlock thinks, just stay still and wait for the flames to reach you.
They walk home later on, John climbs the stairs to his bedroom.
“Jesus, I’m really bad at this,” John says, finally looking up and meeting Sherlock’s gaze. The giggle seems to be contagious, and soon Sherlock is laughing too, softly, his low, vibrating laughter almost echoing in the room.
“Doctor Hooper told me. I thought I’d stop by and see what my dead brother was up to.”
“That happens to all of us. Tell me the first couple of verses.”
A tear streams down Sherlock’s cheek too, from his wounded eye, and he nods unperceptively. As if there could ever be an universe in which he does not forgive John Watson, in which he doesn’t provide John Watson with what he needs. Today, John desperately needs forgiveness, first from his dead wife, now from his best friend.
“Do you want some tea?” John asks at some point, a whisper in Sherlock’s ear that reminds him the comfort time is over and that they have to part. He wonders briefly if he can just pretend to be asleep, if John would keep hugging him if he believed Sherlock was asleep.
“I don’t understand,” he simply says.
A light chuckle reaches his ears as John smiles warmly at him, the light of the screen reflecting on the sweat that covers his forehead.
“Sorry, I’ve never… you know, I’m more used to…” John stutters, giving up when he realises Sherlock is not following, and the topic doesn’t really matter anyway. “Never mind.”
It turns out they have two ways of communicating instead of one.
“This is not up for discussion, Sherlock, I am not putting Rosie in danger. I couldn’t live with myself if anything happened to her.”
The only thing Sherlock can do is walk away from John, let him be angry, and hope he will change his mind eventually. He will, won’t he, Sherlock wonders. He can’t imagine his life in London without John. Learning that John doesn’t live in Baker Street anymore, nor has he any intentions of moving back, was painful enough.
Under his friend’s and landlady’s inquisitive gaze, John slumps in his chair. “You said there will be guards here.”
About Mary: I personally love her, seriously, I don't think she's evil,  plus canonically she isn't, not really, and I also love her friendship with Sherlock, so you will read a lot of that in this chapter. Half is John and half is Mary, with a cameo from Mycroft and Janine, and a mention of Molly. If you dislike Mary you can obviously skip her parts, although some bits will come in handy in the next chapters.
“I find myself more interested in men,” he adds, quickly realising it’s the first time he’s said that out loud. Once again, much to his surprise, there’s no embarrassment.  Sherlock has never come out – he believes that’s the term – to anyone before, so he doesn’t know which reaction to expect, but at the same time he isn’t too worried. This is Mary. She saved his life. She’s a friend.
“You do have a date tonight, though,” Sherlock repeats as she takes a sit in front of him, on John’s chair. Her belly is getting more and more evident.
“Just so you know, I didn’t mean that,” he whispers, a lump in his throat making his voice quivery. “I always mean what I say because that’s the point of speaking, but that time I didn’t mean it… when I said you should have taken a bullet for me so that we could be even… You didn’t have to, we were friends anyway.”
He quickly waves goodnight and jumps on the first taxi that approaches him.
John bites his lower lip nervously. “I don’t… I don’t know. I understand it’s not the answer you need right now, but… I really don’t know. Can you… accept it? That I don’t know?”
Lestrade bursts into laughter, leaving Sherlock very much confused.
“Can I come in?”
At this point it is clear for Sherlock what John is referring to. He looks down, concerned, suddenly feeling ashamed and exposed, as if he’d just revealed a deep secret.
“Though the next time I’d be grateful if you could maybe tone down the drama in your messages a bit, so I don’t mobilise half of London police force for nothing,” he adds.
With that, he leaves, and Sherlock immediately hears Mary walking back in.
Sherlock’s fingers type the reply almost automatically.
“I would have never done that if I hadn’t believed I had a valid reason,” Sherlock continues, ignoring her words. She needs to understand he wouldn’t hurt her like that without a good reason, he’s not that man anymore.
Like this.
She bled out right under his eyes, while her husband tried to save her life.
“Don’t you dare do that again, okay? Stop dying on me,” the doctor murmurs, the quick fluttering of his eyelashes tickling Sherlock’s chest. “I can’t stand to lose you again, I just can’t.”
Instead, John is way too far away, enjoying his sex holiday with his wife. Sherlock can’t help thinking that he really envies Mary sometimes.
He and John might not be romantically involved, probably will never be, sooner or later  John might even meet another woman, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t feel like family to Sherlock.
Having John in his life has made said life better.
He always expected love to be a firework, something that suddenly explodes in one’s chest, so vast and loud that it takes away all the attention from everything else in life. Something that clouds one’s judgement, like whatever sentiment the Woman felt for him that ended up being her destruction. Instead, his love for John had quietly tiptoed into his life, making its way into his heart, slowly, day after day, tearing down all the barriers it found until there were none left. All of this without ruining Sherlock’s work performance. Enhancing it, maybe.
“And wait, isn’t that Sherlock Holmes?” the woman asks incredulous. “I can’t believe you know him, Greg!”
John’s furrowed brows are a clue that something isn’t quite right.
“These chips are not bad,” he says afterwards. “Though not as good as the ones in Marylebone Road. Best chips in London.”
Mrs Hudson walks in on them at some point, thinking it was Sherlock playing. They laugh it off, John a bit more embarrassedly than Sherlock, and they take it as an excuse to start another song.
“No thank you. I’ll be on my way in a moment,” Mycroft replies, still standing in front of Sherlock. “And this mission of yours, how long will it last?”
John’s eyes snap open as he hears those words. “No Sherlock, don’t you dare say that.”
Sherlock thanks her through his eyes without saying a word for living up to his expectations, and wonders if it’s always so easy and liberating to come out to people.
Sherlock frowns, and John clears his throat, ready to continue. “I was so focused on my own pain that I forgot about yours… and you would think that I, of all people, should remember what losing a friend feels like.”
They remain like that for some time, could be a few minutes, could be an eternity, Sherlock doesn’t know. He just knows he’s calmed down, after a while, his heart rate has slowed down and his limbs are weak. The world has gone still in the night, Mrs Hudson has gone to bed. Nothing exists but himself and John, and their warm embrace, and John’s hand in his hair.
He doesn’t kick again, letting John finish his examination in peace.
“I know that too, John, did you just call me to state facts I’m already aware of?”
Every time he typed one, moved by a visceral instinct to hear John’s voice even just for a minute, to read his words and imagine him typing them, he then remembered the very purpose of his faked death. Keep John safe.
Her cry suddenly turns into a laughter, and he can’t help laughing with her, and there it is, under his nose, the answer he was looking for. He forgave her because deep down she is the most similar person to himself he has ever met.  She has made poor choices, but Sherlock himself can’t say he is the wisest man alive, in spite of what John thinks. Clever, yes. Wise, not so much.
“It isn’t, I know it isn’t.”
Before leaving the room, he mutters something else about getting his phone with the alarm set, while Sherlock remains sitting there, completely still, pondering on the consequences of his proposition and on how it is going to differ from how he imagines it.
“What’s that?” he asks.
“I don’t think I understand correctly,” he says, because John’s earlier words suggested Sherlock might have a chance with him, and Sherlock simply cannot believe it.
“Nothing to say?” Mary asks, softly, her eyes sparkling with joy and love.
His throat is clenched, his heart could explode in his chest at any moment now. He’s so terrified he can’t speak.
Sherlock almost laughs. There was a time in which his experiments were everything, but now if he had to choose between them and Rosie living with him on a full time basis, he would pick Rosie in a heartbeat, without ever second guessing his decision. He’s been staying in the guest room at John’s place since the explosion and it’s a dynamic he loves, having meals together, playing together, reading a book sitting in comfortable silence in the same room as John. As for the drugs, Sherlock will manage, for Rosie.
I don’t want to have lunch there, Sherlock thinks. He does love his parents, very much, but they can be quite anxious at times, they would assail Eurus with questions and expectations, and the atmosphere would be tense and overorganised, and Sherlock doesn’t want that. He wants his sister to see a relaxed, loving environment. He wants her to meet the family he handpicked for himself.
“Sherlock, go to sleep,” John says more firmly.
Mary notices the mood change and stretches her arm towards him across the sofa. “Let’s dance now.”
?!” he utters incredulous.
Sherlock both hates and loves the fact that the Mary his mind is making up is so similar to the real one.
It happens very rarely that he goes on a case without John, but it does happens sometimes, when John needs to work. Today is one of those days.
''WHY!?''
Of course the DI would piece that together.
I feel exhausted myself.
SAD-SAD-SAD
But I don't have the energy to snark at Captain, Doctor, flatmate John Hamish Watson. I sense what awaits us all, and I know I need to bide my energy, so I put my mobile phone into my front pocket and ignore the counter-chirrups. Faster and more insistent.
''Thank you.''
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
He needs my words. Maybe until he finds his own.
Yes, John. That's a drink.
''I'm...well. I have a condition,'' he murmurs hesitantly, his eyes at half mast.
I turn on the bedside lamp and the room is enveloped in an orange glow. Softer than the main light.
Bite my tongue now. Not hard enough to draw blood, but almost.
''Sherlock,'' I rasp.
I give him his space. I don't go to hold his hand. I can sense the overwhelm in his entire body.
"What? What are you talking about?," John finally gets out.
Sherlock looks up at me in apparent confusion as if he’d only been giving me his partial focus, so I list them off with my fingers.
''This alright? Me holding you?''
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I quickly study the other photographs, and see a variation in weight, in size. The oldest photographs are the most marked, and the man in these photos looks the sickest. In one, he's wearing a red polo shirt, and his face is the colour of Elmer's glue. His green eyes marred by deep under-eye shadowing.
I see John's body sit up straighter on the sofa, as he responds with conviction: ''You're absolutely right that's not an accurate assessment,'' and then, ''Sherlock - we've been over this repeatedly. You are exceptional in so many ways, but you cannot operate on nothing. No one can.''
Sherlock's eyes flicker a type of atypical anxiety, but even I can tell that he doesn't really care about the state of my inebriation.
''This felt more like-,'' and I gesticulate something with my hands.
To hug Sherlock.
And that message?
And it makes it hard to think.
''I used to tell people I was a sociopath.''
''I-I...yes. We're fine. Everything is fine now. I told you, we're fine-''
Sherlock's eyes flash up to mine. Round, large, scared.
I want to imagine what it could feel like to grow up from the time I am very small and to live here throughout all my early years, and to emerge from childhood without euthanasia on my mind.
Mycroft shakes me, his cheeks wet.
It's just so wrong.
Why won't he let this go?
''Hey there,'' I say softly, resisting an impulse to go over there, pull him to my side, and plant a kiss on the corner of his skull. It's been a feeling - almost a drive - that has been increasing in need over these last few weeks. And yet (not a week back) I was the one who told him that we should pace ourselves and hold off on anything that could be seen as 'physical.'
''Yes, we're friends. By my estimate, you're my best friend. But I didn't-''
In his left hand, I can see his black mobile phone.
My heart pounds violently in my chest.
''I'm going to hate myself,'' I get out, my voice hoarse. ''I'm going to feel awful inside. I'm going to want to sick up, just to get the feelings to go away, and then I am going to hate myself for getting sick. For making you worry, for betraying your trust, for all of it. I know how it looks to you, and I know it's disgusting. I know when I make myself vomit...I am being disgusting. I know how it sounds, and I know it's not rational, but I can't just separate myself from it. It's always there. When you are not around, when no one else is there...it's there. It's there, when no one else is there. You'd be the exact same as me, if you felt it. If you heard it inside your head. There would be no difference. Don't think for one second that you'd be immune!''
My hand moves up towards his chest and is calmed by the slight fluttering of his heart.
Only later, after I heard Mycroft's breaths - even and steady and indicating sleep - I wound wind my way to the bathroom. I wouldn't turn on any lights. I moved on autopilot. And if the drink was still hot and full in my belly, I'd close the door to the bathroom, and I'd flip open the lid on the toilet, and sometimes I would stick two fingers down my throat.
''Too sweet,'' he mutters under his breath, distractedly. ''I think so. I mean, he's a good doctor. He came highly recommended.''
The phone rings at 12:06, and I pick it up on the second ring.
Sherlock hedges, not knowing how to answer. And his answer will be interesting, if only because I sense that he's capable of being profoundly honest when he needs to be.
"Mycroft! What happened? What did he do to himself?"
His voice is rising, and all I feel safe to do is stay quiet and let him vent.
''No, no. Just...eat your biscuits. I have to get out of here.''
I glare at the bundle of forms, my eyes settling on words that make my guts squirm - and that's more than enough for me. I know I will have very little interest in continuing onwards in any vein with any psychiatrist. Even a Russian born, French adopted psychiatrist with a more bracingly honest approach than most.
My head plays with his words now as I eye Lestrade. Take another sip of fizz to gather my thoughts.
Mrs. Hudson flees quickly. It takes a moment longer for John to depart. But not before he picks up the paring knife, and deposits it into his jacket pocket, out of my grasp.
----------------------------------
The unspoken 'but' was there, of course - latent in his words. But so too was Mycroft's assessment that Sherlock wouldn't be ready for such a relationship without making a lot of emotional progress first.
My mind is a whirlwind of activity as I help Sherlock to his bed.
''So imagine now, I'm not around one evening,'' John starts to ramble. ''You're hungry. You open the cupboard, and have to take out something - beans, soup, tinned asparagus - I don't care. But what do you choose?''
''Do you think I really needed to talk to Yuri to figure this out?,'' I reply evenly. ''I can only imagine how unsettling this is for you.''
''Sherlock-''
Sherlock seems to hesitate.
John is shaking his head.
Sherlock watches me. Tilts his head slightly. Studies my eyes.
"Then while we are on the subject of truth, John - what did my brother tell you tonight?"
So I had picked him up - far too light, even for a toddler - and put him in my lap.
''That's all I needed to hear you say, really. That's all I needed to hear you say, Sherlock.''
''Take care of yourself Sherlock. Keep your blood sugar up, hear?''
''You're not screwing up at all! You were seriously dehydrated, and now you are probably in a slightly safer place! 2 lbs is the minimum I'd expect in terms of weight gain when you probably were so dehydrated upon admittance!''
Not a kiss. I see his lips moving.
It feels forced.
“I don’t know,” he stumbles, his voice cracking. “I don’t know why. I just do.”
John's POV again.
I fight the urge to smile.
That it wouldn't always be there. The impulses I have. The upset with the every day. That inner torment when faced with having to eat or sleep, or even when I looked at my body in the mirror. And it would be gone. Those issues would never have existed, would they?
Yuri closed his canary yellow notebook.
The man on the other end laughs again. It's a good thing he finds me so amusing.
I carry a light satchel bag, and double check the contents, then look around the flat.
''Ok. I cannot proceed - not as we are doing. If Sherlock were to become my patient, well - certain issues would have to be strictly his to discuss. And I realize this is impacting you. I'm not trying to be hard-hearted about this. I'm not. I know it must look that way to you. But I want him to get better, too.''
I start to cry, but without any sound at all.
Sherlock, of course, was too little to understand.
Mycroft gives a pained laugh.
Sherlock finally informed me that we were making our way to Merton College, where he also informed me that he was in his second year, reading Chemistry (as previously mentioned) but with a second focus in Molecular Biology.
''We can't be just friends. Not with what we did,'' Sherlock sputtered, hands brought up to his face.
''Or else I picked up hemorrhagic fever at the hospital,'' he mutters.
Sherlock nods, his eyes dark and expressive and strange.
----------------------------------------
Molly must see through the lie, but she lets it go and gives Sherlock a sweet smile.
So how do I explain that to John? How do I even explain that to Mycroft - who lived through a childhood of unease and stolen glances in my direction? Lurking and traipsing to my room to help me fall asleep? He knows more than anyone else, and still he knows nothing of feeling like this.
So I consider Sherlock now, and his need for control.
Undoubtedly, he's texting John.
To be on the track of his choosing, even if the track is careening off into dangerous territory and is hurting him deeply.
''I'm not angry at you, Sherlock. I swear to you, I'm not.''
''This has nothing to do with you, and it is none of your business!,'' and his eyes suddenly look red. He also looks ready to jolt away from me, so I reach out and touch his hand with my own.
I stagger across to the wall, and turn against it, breathing harshly.
''Oh come off it! Of course you do! You trail me around! Study my bloody book purchases, Mycroft! You want to know what trailing somewhat about like that might do to their sense of reality? Of course you spy on him!''
''What?,'' I croak.
Reasonably. A reasonable amount of food.
Three mochas and two biscotti later, I am halfway through the first book - the one on working through romantic relationships with a previous victim of abuse - when my cell phone begins to chirp. I glance down quickly, surprised that Sherlock would be calling me at all. Honestly, I would have bet that he'd want to be left alone for a fair amount of time, just to calm down, and sort his thoughts. Like I seemingly need to do.
At shortly after 10:30 am I hear John get up. I hear him pad down the stairs and linger in the hallway, positioned half way between the bathroom and my bedroom. From my bed, I glance over and see the solid shadow of his feet and can almost sense his approaching knock, his approaching ''Sherlock, you up?''
John is still studying me carefully.
Sherlock's entire jaw is clenched.
''It makes me feel...calmer inside. To know I can control it. Most people can't drop it that much, but I can. Most people can't lose weight even when they are heavier. And I like that I can say no to something that almost everyone struggles with and find hard to control,'' and Sherlock is still speaking in that quiet, shuddery whisper. Just like he did the night of his night terror, when he spoke as if removed from his words, and removed from himself.
The alcohol helps me go to sleep.
''Then rest - no running around. Read a book, watch some telly-''
He stacks four blocks on top of one another. His shoulders are still tight, and he gives me a strange, childlike shrug.
Sherlock breathes short puffs of air, his shoulders clenched up in stress.
"Alright, well - you used to have panic attacks. And I just so happen to think that you may have had another one again tonight. Did you used to have them often when you were younger?"
I know that this is far from easy for Sherlock. That no pep talk is going to make this easy.
I need to fix this.
It becomes a snake, and it hisses with the promise of ''reigning me in.''
''Okay,'' he gets out. ''Okay. Thank you for being honest with me.''
“Like-,” and my voice is rough – my mouth suddenly parched. “I want to vomit. Like I am sick of looking in the mirror and seeing my own face, my own flesh. I look and I hate-,” my voice bites off.
He breathes faster then, his eyes closing.
Mycroft nods, then picks up a notepad from his paper.
''Lock up?''
He nods his head, needlessly.
Sherlock swivels back to me with a flourish.
Because, as he insisted, it was better than the ''alternative.''
Two days after that, another child's body had been found.
Sherlock jolts. Turns around in a semi-arc. His eyes burn with hatred.
I'm lost.
Sherlock nods. ''I didn't care for it though. Not that aspect, anyway.''
I replace the HP sauce and go back to staring at the condiment bottles, and imagine what it would be like to just pick them up with the intention of actually using them. Without the fear of doing so.
Sherlock lies back down, turning onto his belly and mashing his face into the throw cushion.
''Aww,'' he says sincerely. ''That's really-,'' and he swallows, clears his throat. ''I am glad for you. Sometimes hospital trips are so... there is a lot of sadness there, you know?''
He looks restless at my previous assertion, so I tone down my words now.
As we walk through the park with our respective beverages - a macchiato for myself, a London Fog with cashew cream for him - he softly tells me about the cold case he's started working on. Gives me an update on John. Mentions in a mad rush that he's seeing a therapist.
''Infinitely better,'' I say quietly. ''Because it's all I know how to do.''
''Okay,'' I sigh, ''then what is love to you? Tell me that much. What is this condition...that everyone except you can feel?''
My mouth dries out at the words.
I had struggled to find an example of a case involving children. Little episodes popped up, here and there.
Something tells me that this is not the time to get on his case about eating. Or not eating, as the case may be here.
Me at present: 144 lbs at 5 ft 6. Also trying so damnably hard, but in a different way, under a different strain, with different fears.
I'm about to hang up the phone, when I hear Marnie ask, ''Just...are you there, Sherrinford?''
Sherlock's features soften as he relaxes at my casual display of consumption.
But I never had considered that Sherlock was scared that he'd change into someone monstrous.
That's how he'd account for the wandering paths my brain takes.
''Don't you dare say it,'' I get out.
He gives me a tight smile, which is atypical for him. An expected expression of civility and order, and a thought - barren and tepid - rings through my head: 'he's trying to convince you that he's fine. Don't let him.'
The disorders I studied extensively, and eventually specialized in, were related in variant forms of what are termed ''self-harm'' disorders.
He doesn’t say anything.
The aisles assault me. Lights and sounds and smells and information too fast and pulsing. Rows and rows and rows of packaged food. Rows of labels and nutritional information and listings of chemicals and preservatives and healthy food advertisements and junk food touted as health food.
''Because you looked ready to have a panic attack, Sherlock! In front of Molly. I didn't want to make things worse for you.''
"Sometimes I did. It made our mother mad. For years, I had to be punished for it. I just didn't learn."
And that word was:
Lestrade sighs.
Mycroft's eyes have taken on a faraway look, and he seems to hesitate for a moment before proceeding.
if only to have the protection of those labels
John pulls back abruptly, mouth clamped down around hard edges of worry.
Toby looks at the box of Crayola crayons and touches it with his good hand, softly.
''You're my best friend! My best friend! And right now I am beyond confused, because I know you are scared of something really huge, but I don't know what the hell that is! So just tell me, Sherlock! Please just tell me!''
''Sherlock,'' he begins cautiously, carefully. Confused to my assertions that contradict his earlier experiences. ''You had tea.''
Or disinterest?
And then my voice comes back. Shock dissipating into insistent anger that he stops his apologizing. Stops his apologizing this second.
She holds it up under my chin.
---------------------
''You don't need to know who he is to you right now, Sherlock,'' I reply, evenly. ''I just need to know if you are willing to fight for him. So his misery ends once and for all.''
I want to believe that deviations from the norm we had in the past are fine. Because while I have this mental image of Sherlock being 'fine' when I met him, I need to accept that he has never been wholly fine. He's been haunted, and he's struggled on his own for almost his entire life, and on his own he's done admirably.
''Sherlock? I need to talk to you!,'' I call out again, lightly, and without threat. Like one may call out to a teenager playing music too loudly.
What he really is saying, I suspect, is that he's actually having difficultly putting anything into his mouth. Period. The 'just' could easily be removed from his wording, and the statement would suddenly be a lot more revealing about what is truly creating many of his problems.
---------------------------------
''So... what do I do?''
I see his thin face dart around quickly, searching for something. He looks restless, and I wonder how long it will take to put him at ease. Most of my clients seem to find my mannerisms comforting enough. I am not known for being off putting or overly intrusive. I must, at times, press clients. But it's usually in a testing capacity when they resort to going silent for extended periods of time. Or in serious situations involving suicidal ideation or self-harm. Things I cannot let go unchecked.
''When was he brought in?,'' she specifies a bit more kindly. She must wonder what sort of horrible atrocity would cause a doctor to go to pieces like this.
Sherlock pulls his knees up to his chest, looks down and over to my shoes - training his sight on something neutral. Something that cannot contemplate his words; an inanimate object that can never shocked at such an admission.
John glanced to the desk, where there lay four petri dishes, two cauldrons burning on a protected flame, and an ancient looking microscope that John wouldn’t have been surprised if told it had belonged to Merlin himself.
A small pang of guilt washed over him.
“Back in there, that I’m ‘eager to do well?’”
“Right, you can be on your-” She stepped back, glaring at his shirt. “Well you can’t go to dinner like that, you’ve got blood all over you. Now – take that off”
“You alright, mate?” he slurred, but the sincerity was evident in his voice.
Finally, however, the last practice exams drew to a close (and John only thought he'd completely failed half of them, so things weren't so bad frankly) and with them, November did too. On it's waning days, a buzz began to brew around the castle. The kitchens got busier, Hagrid was spotted selecting pine trees to decorate every corner of the castle, and families were sending parcels of sweets and chocolates to get students through the cold weeks of advent.
Sherlock had no idea how they ended up playing charades and was very unimpressed about it, as apparently his acting out of 'A Year with a Yeti' by Gilderoy Lockhart was too difficult for his imbecile audience to understand, so decided to say yes at the next answer they fired at him.
“And who’re you buying this for, then?” she said, wrapping it in tissue, “Is it a gift?”
John clambered between the sheets, and the dorm room exchanged their goodnights to one another, and it wasn’t long before Greg’s snoring could be heard loud and clear from behind his curtains. But John. John lay awake for just an hour or so, his mind mulling over the evening’s affairs, and found he just simply couldn’t wait for breakfast the next morning.
John suddenly felt very intimidated, and what made matters worse is he could tell Sherlock wasn’t overly comfortable either.
“Come on then, tell me – So who wrote this, his wife?”
John lunged at him again, “You’ll get it stuck to the ceiling!”
“Me? Not yet,” He said, chuckling, “I’m having a whole night of it tonight and tomorrow with the first years – only the smaller ones, o’course. Glad to see you’re giving this one a hand, mind,” he nodded to Sherlock, “Now only do as many as you can manage.”
“Might as well move closer – to the water, I mean,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, “No point appreciating it from faraway.”
“Sorry?”
John had never baked the wizarding way before, but he had made mince pies with his mother when he was younger, and he was very interested to see how the methods differed. Very, was his assumption.
“So someone’s been making little pouches with bows on…?” John said, puzzling, “And that means…?”
“How could I? I’m such a lovely boy! I couldn’t possibly-”
“Nearly.”
“Sherlock doesn’t have friends.”
John could still see the disappointment in Sherlock’s eyes…
“Shut up, I am not falling for that-”
John took off his red and gold scarf and placed it casually on top of Sherlock’s Slytherin one, rolled up the sleeves of his robes and started scraping out one of the nearby pumpkins innards. Thankfully Hagrid had kindly sliced the tops off most of them before heading into his hut.
Sherlock took a deep breath.
“You didn’t just fly over night in the freezing cold on Christmas eve.”
Sherlock tried to be annoyed, but he couldn’t? He just couldn’t? He was used to being laughed at and teased, used to being the butt of everyone’s jokes… but this was different, this was friendly and familiar and, although he loathed to admit it, fairly humorous?
“The thing is, there hasn’t been one."
Sherlock planned out his path out of the kitchen, and hoped his legs would follow. They… sort of did. He pushed through some people,
He turned around, and was met with a pair of blue eyes… and a blonde pixie cut.
“No!” John laughed, “On your violin?”
Mrs Holmes blinked at him, an endeared smile blooming on her face, “Darling you don’t have to do that I-”
It was
John stared at him. He looked so… He was…
“Just a bit of fun. Haven’t had any real reason to use alchemy in a while.” He said cheerily.
Hello! This is yet another case of throwing many chapters at you all at once! I'm sorry! Hope you enjoy the four chapters coming at you over the next few days! (It's so I can get the VERY LONG Christmas chapter up before new year)
“Three shots of firewhisky, four shots of Dragon Barrel Brandy, and a medium size glass of Berry Ocky Rot would do that to a boy of his size…” Sherlock stared longer, “However it could also be the combination of four glasses of Berry Ocky Rot, one shot of firewhisky and two shots of Dragon Barrel Brandy.” he said, concentrating.
“Would you mind taking my case up?” the boy said, “I’m staying down here for a while… but as you’re going up…?”
“Hello.”
“Oh. Wow. Right…” John nodded, his eyes slightly wide at the speed at which Sherlock had reeled off this information. “Although… It’s Greg, by the way.”
“He’s, he’s somewhere.”
“You hate your home life.” Sherlock said quietly after a long break in their speaking.
I cannot stress enough how sorry I am that it has been EIGHT MONTHS since my last update... soo much has been going on and I've barely been able to look at it :') BUT HERE IT IS! Enjoy!
Sherlock sat down, angrily.
It wasn’t Sebastian, nor a voice he otherwise recognised. It was a sing-song voice, rather high pitched. He wheeled around lazily.
He thrust it into John’s face.
It was nice having someone to think aloud to, but as to why John put up with listening was beyond him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mean it about that tie pin, I don’t want you to see you buying a new one next year!”
“Anywhere.”
John swigged his tea, he gave his head once last rinse under the water, before bundling out of the bath. He dried himself quickly, and pulled on his pyjamas complete and dressing gown, and headed down the landing to the bedroom.
This did not bode well for John’s mood.
“You carve it-” Sherlock breathed, falling back against the wall of Hagrid’s hut, “I’ve done more scraping.”
“I know, I’ve seen, what’s the matter?” John said, chuckling a little nervously.
Sherlock wasn’t all that bothered about the bonfire if he was honest, which he usually was, however John seemed quite up for it and, well, how was he to refuse. Wouldn’t last too long anyhow.
“Well, just another night in the forest then mate.”
Sherlock did roll his eyes this time.
“Don’t say that. He’ll bloody turn up,” John said, tugging at his moustache. “Come on, who’s up for a drink?”
They smiled at each other.
“Erm… a definitely broken wrist.” John added nervously, “Sorry…”
“Hi John!” she said brightly, sitting on the other arm of the chair.
Sherlock became very aware that it was just the two of them.
Sherlock shut his mouth abruptly, thinking.
“I think you’ll find this was your fault, you know,” he said quietly, grabbing a cloth from the side to help wipe the last of it from John’s cheeks.
John hummed, and stared into the pot once more.
“See you later,” John scoffed.
“Told you.” Sherlock said, settling back down, “It’s neater.”
They sat there like that for a while longer, the only sounds to be heard being their own breathing in the dim light.
John puzzled, “Sherlock? Yeah- When did you-?”
Sherlock bit his lip, “I’m not quite sure yet.”
“I already did.” John but in quickly.
“Flipendo!”
“Sherlock I’m trying to lis-”
“We’ll win that fight,” came a cold voice behind them, yet the two did not turn back.
Sherlock hopped down and moved to his desk of organised chaos.
“You may leave, Mr Holmes," McGonagall said coolly.
Sherlock played until the fire began to die, until the mugs of mulled wine were drunk, until John felt himself lulled into a gentle drowsiness.
“Got no more today, but I think Sprout wants me to see her at lunch…”
John deflated onto his desk in relief.
As he started to slink away, Greg nodded to John. John sighed.
Sherlock may have been a bit fuzzy, but he knew he didn’t like that.
No. He had to get him something. As a thank you, if not for the fact he was, well, he was Sherlock.
“So people send you letters asking you to solve their problems?”
“Coming, Gareth,” Sherlock said wearily, smirking.
However, this thought in mind, and beginning to reluctantly scale the staircase, he was called back.
“That is…” John prompted.
John smiled.
“It’s only me.” came Sherlock’s gentle voice.
Sherlock found himself, not quite excited, but somewhat eager for Alchemy that afternoon.
“So eager to do well,” Sherlock stated quietly, leaning back to return to the harrowing task of analysing the ceiling structure.
“Diminuendo” he said, and it gradually shrunk until he pulled his hand away, leaving it no bigger than a galleon. He then pocketed it.
“Don’t you hear it?”
He remained there for a minute or so, calming himself in the quite of Gargoyles corridor until gentle footsteps approaching brought him back to his senses. It was McGonagall again, but she didn’t look angry this time, concern was painted across her face as she approached him, arm outstretched,
“Why’s your timetable different to mine? We take the same stuff?” Sherlock inhaled slowly, folding up the parchment calmly and slipping it into his robes.
John stared at him, and Sherlock noticed.
When the pastry decided to descend upon John, sticking to his face, hair and eyelashes, he somewhat regretted not just letting Sherlock continue with his ridiculous experiment.
“I came to see how you were doing,” Sherlock replies.
Nothing can stop blood from flooding Sherlock’s pale cheeks, giving them a rosy colour in a matter of seconds, but he still tries to deny the obvious. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he says, his crystal eyes staring at the TV in a vain attempt at looking unaffected.
Sherlock intervenes immediately, without thinking twice, and answers out of instinct: “Yes, she’s my sister.”
Love never fails, he thinks.
“Well, yes, a bit embarrassing is fine, but, you know… not humiliating? Not something, er… private, that would make his mother want to stick cutlery in her ears, do you know what I mean? Not those stories.”
John lets out a nervous giggle, clearing his throat. “How is that obvious?”
“You see her too, don’t you? Mary… you see her, you talk to her… you did, today, when we left to go to the bakery… you-you said something, to her,” John explains carefully, taking a few steps towards his friend.
So human, to miss one’s mother, he thinks. The Woman, the Dominatrix, the woman who beat him, is nothing but a human being.
A wave of relief surges over Sherlock when John nods, seemingly convinced of the answer. There may come a time in which Sherlock decides to
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut, his fists clenching at his side. How does Mycroft, intelligent, brilliant Mycroft, not
Sherlock blinks. “John, there is no need for us to talk about this. You were right, it’s hardly my area of expertise.”
John gets Sherlock to eat regularly, at least something, whereas Sherlock would often forget, lost in his experiments or his mind palace or the latest case or anything less dull than eating.
Still, he’s the proudest man on earth.
Blinking again, he turns his head slightly to look at John, who doesn’t seem affected at all. He’s sipping his tea, his attention to the screen. Sherlock wishes he could kiss him too, but he doesn’t dare.
, as John keeps putting it. Sherlock has just skipped the last couple of steps. A few, maybe. Ten tops.
“No, I must have missed it… But wow, the 34 types of soil particles that can be found on the floor of a tube carriage after morning peak time?” she echoes him. “Tell me
He’s too tired to complain. “I meant your own bed,” is all he says.
There’s something in Mary Morstan that Sherlock can’t define, she’s different from everyone he’s met before.
At first it’s just lips on lips, brushing, pecking, nose against nose, getting to know each other from this new exciting perspective. Much to John’s surprise, it’s Sherlock the one who deepens the kiss, his tongue probing John’s lower lip the way Janine taught him, to ask him for access. Finally those skills are coming in handy, Sherlock thinks in a moment of rationality, before starting his exploration of John’s mouth and making everything disappear, except John’s warmth and smell and taste and the way his tongue is slowly dancing with Sherlock’s.
Behind the windows of yet another food chain, Le Pain Quotidien, he catches the sight of a familiar yet unexpected face. The Woman herself is serving at the tables.
He feels a little sorry for her, because she cares, she got him a present, and he humiliated her. John wouldn’t do that, John is always nice to the people who care about him, even to Sherlock in his worst moments. John is always nice.
It’s an unprecedented sight that makes John giggle, just a little, in the back of his throat, and while resuming his reading, Sherlock feels a quick touch of lips against his cheek.
As it turns out, the Baker Street boys will engage in various activities in their scruffy flat. Not just arguing.
Sherlock nods with a fond smile. “Obviously,” he echoes, mentally thanking Mary because he would have never gone for it if it wasn’t for her.
Sherlock feels as if he has just jumped in freezing cold water. Suddenly he remembers. He remembers all of it.
“Yes but I mean, are you
His heart starts hammering in his chest, faster and faster, as fear paralyses him. As it turns out, sex does alarm him, in fact.
He fumbles around in Molly’s kitchen, more as an attempt to hide the residual tears still lingering in his eyes than anything else. Mycroft follows him, completely ignoring his offer.
“Don’t you want to know the details?”
He tells Mycroft all of this, getting a nod of acceptance in return.
This chapter deals with what happens after the episode, and since the goal was to keep the story canon-compliant, all those weird events happened. I don't know how, but they happened.
An effective way to establish a contact, and now that this part is successfully concluded, he knows there is a next step to be taken.
He hasn’t seen her in weeks, and yet she’s grown a lot. He can’t rationalise the fact that he’s apparently missed her so much.
, to open up his heart to John and reveal him his deepest secret, but that time is not now. Not even soon, probably.
She’s cut off by his long arms suddenly wrapping around her waist, and his face resting on her growing belly.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers. “It should have been me.”
It’s a brand new experience, letting someone in like this, allow another human being to see him vulnerable and to provide comfort.
Sherlock leans on his elbows on the desk. “Even murderers are regularly granted visitation rights with their families.”
“Okay,” a very sleepy John agrees, the pillow way too tempting to be left alone.
Sherlock has no idea what he means, which is apparently a source of hilarity for the older man.
John nods at this point, though still unsure, his hand rubbing his forehead. “Mh, okay… but Rosie isn’t staying.”
The characters appearing (apart from Sherlock and John obviously) are Lestrade, Molly, Mycroft, and Irene Adler. Yes, Irene Adler because it's canon that Sherlock cares about her (he saved her, they still text etc) so I had to write her in somehow. I hope you like my idea?
Sherlock doesn’t understand at first, but then Lestrade suggests they have a look at John’s blog as a source of inspiration.
“I asked why!” he cries, as loud as his voice manages.
Someone missed him just as much as he missed them. He’s home.
The detective is so busy looking at his computer that he doesn’t even notice that John has approached him.
John sighs, loudly, before disappearing up the stairs. He’s back just a minute later.
“Can you stay here?”
Sherlock’s brought back to reality by Molly’s hand covering his own. So small. Her hand is incredibly smaller than his own, even smaller than John’s, with thin fingers, as opposed to John’s thick ones. And it’s warm on Sherlock’s cold one.
“The soundtrack is based on songs by Abba,” Sherlock says. The DVD was Mary’s Christmas gift last year.
John smiles, almost embarrassedly, the motion of his thumbs on Sherlock’s hands coming to an halt. “What I mean is… it turns out it’s not that easy to… to challenge your heterosexuality when you’ve been a straight man for more than forty years.”
When she’s back carrying a bowl of chips, he notices her smile has changed again. Friendly, he would describe it now. He can’t help smiling back. She knew all along why he came here.
“Correct,” he says anyway, since she was only looking for confirmation. He waits for the feeling on uneasiness to set in, and blinks when it doesn’t happen.
When it’s Sherlock’s turn, he picks her up and lifts her over his head.
Being held by John, or having John stroke his hair, that felt completely different. It made him feel warm inside, as if his stomach was melting. It was relaxing. It was soothing.
Then, he lifts the sheet with the purpose of sneaking under it. What he doesn’t expect is for it to fly a bit more than intended, thus revealing Sherlock’s evident and utter lack of clothing.
The detective hums in acknowledgement, prompting him to go on without glancing away from Twitter.
They watch the film in silence in Mycroft’s cinema room. Sherlock glances at his brother, from time to time, delighted at the way he moves his head and taps his foot on the floor on the notes of Dancing Queen.
He expects John to laugh, or worse, to start mumbling nonsense about feeling uncomfortable.
She kisses his cheek. “I’m sorry… we’ll slow down, okay? Do this at your pace,” she says, turning so that she can lean her back against his chest. He finally breathes again, as he wraps his arms around her, resting his chin on top of her head.
Something flashes across Mycroft’s face, a light in his eyes, a way he glances down at his own shoes for a moment. Defeated, Sherlock would describe it if this were anybody else. As if the answer he provided to Mycroft’s question did not meet his expectations.
“What did you do during those two years?” John asks as his fingertips delicately massage Sherlock’s scalp. They never talked about it. John only knows the purpose was dismantling Moriarty’s network. The only time he concretely approached the subject, the only answer he received was ‘Dull’.
“Can I kiss you again now, or do you have other questions?” John asks, briefly licking his lips in anticipation. “Because I really like kissing you.”
“Mycroft! What do I owe this frankly unpleasant surprise to?” Sherlock asks.
With that, Mycroft leaves, and Sherlock is left laughing mirthlessly at that poor definition. Months away from everyone, on a mission, once would have truly sounded like the perfect holiday. But that was
Sherlock spent the night in John’s bed, holding John in his arms. The house does have a guest room, but neither of them wanted to sleep alone.
them, he’s seen them already, he wants to know how they got there, but he’s overcome by a surge of affection at the question, thinking that it’s the only one that Sherlock, the detective, the great observer, could possibly ask.
Sherlock can’t help smiling, unable to hide the pleasant feeling that seems to appear every time someone praises his abilities. Mycroft has always been the smartest of the two, it’s a hard truth that Sherlock hates to admit, but a truth nonetheless. When Mummy and Daddy praised someone, it was usually Mycroft. No matter what Sherlock did, Mycroft could always do it better, faster.
“John?” he calls softly.
But as John voices a feeble, broken “Thank you” to his ear, Sherlock forgets every thought that might have clouded his mind, to focus on John and John only. He tightens his grip around John until no more sobs shake his body, and his breath has gone back to normal. Even then, Sherlock keeps holding John for as long as he’s allowed to, until it’s John who takes a step back.
Slowly, Sherlock gets up from his chair, ignoring the twinge in his stomach as he moves, and approaches his friend with tentative steps
John’s thumbs trace little circles on the back of Sherlock’s hands, making him believe for a moment that perhaps he hasn’t ruined everything after all.
“You’re a good friend.”
Saint Petersburg reminds him of London, a much colder version of it, but similar nonetheless. The streets bustle with cars and people and buses, the dome of Saint Isaac’s Cathedral reminds him of Saint Paul’s, the last thing that disappeared from his view as he fell from the rooftop of Bart’s Hospital.
“You kissed me,” Sherlock interrupts, his hands joined in his lap, a light shade of pink colouring his cheeks with emotion.
Mary didn’t die for Sherlock to forget about his sister.
This chapter starts at the very end of The Abominable Bride and covers the first two episodes of series 4. Series 4 definitely wasn't my favourite, but I didn't hate it either, so just so you know it's still all canon.
“Greg,” John corrects him. He smiles, fondly this time, and Sherlock freezes on the spot when John scoots closer, considerably closer, until they almost recreate the position they spent the night in, only without any overlapping. This time it is John who rests his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, his knees grazing the detective’s outer thighs.
She tells him she’ll remember too, from now on.
If Sherlock tells the truth, however, John is going to leave anyway, because John doesn’t see Sherlock that way. The chance that John requites Sherlock’s sentiment is very slim.
Of course, dating cannot just consist of chats and expensive dinners. At the end of the first two dates, he walks Janine home and kisses her cheek, something that is supposed to make her think he’s a gentleman, at least according to his recent research on the matter.
Before they part, Lestrade pats his back twice.
It is a boring afternoon indeed. John is working and there are no cases in sight, not even a banal one. Thankfully he can count on Mary to entertain him in these moments, with a game or a walk or just with herself. They still hang out regularly, although weeks, months have gone by and she still hasn’t talked to John. She comes over, most of the time, and suddenly time speeds up and the dullness fades away.
Sherlock doesn’t move, doesn’t in any way acknowledge John. He just feels the mattress dip under John’s weight, sign that he’s sat down next to him
“Well, yes, I downloaded the template from Google. The main features are strikingly similar.”
“Many people think hospitals are germ free, but they’re not,” he says as they walk arm in arm. “I’m planning on writing a piece for my blog about the most common germs found in hospitals.”
In spite of his brain telling him to run, he walks in, immediately noticing that it’s a small studio flat, not even remotely similar to her mansion in Belgravia. He quickly deduces she’s actually working as a waitress. It’s not a cover for more ludicrous activities, it’s her actual job.
For the first time, Sherlock believes she’s going to be okay eventually.
“You miss your mother?” he asks.
Even if she can’t see him, he lifts his hands in surrender. “I’m leaving,” he says.
“Like it?” John asks, smiling proudly at the screen.
It’s fine. Talking to Mary about his sexuality is
Sherlock doesn’t address it, he just thinks he couldn’t be bothered to let her cry, omitting even to himself the fact that he loved carrying her around the whole day.
Fascinating, he thinks. He usually gets erections because of physiology, or chemicals, or himself mindlessly tugging at his own penis when he is very bored. He never really got an erection in presence of another person before.
“I know,” he chokes out, although he isn’t ready to let go of her completely.
Sherlock sighs again, louder, his eyes snapping open as he rolls on his side, facing away from John. “Why would I need to
She’s so close now he can feel her breath on him. He’s paralysed, realising he has no real answer to her question, and this terrifies him. The fear that she may hurt him, or worse, try to seduce him, tightens his throat. This is not why he came here, but what if she doesn’t care?
She touches him above his clothes while they kiss, one evening, in Baker Street. She rubs his chest, his back, his arms. He tries to mimic her movements, more or less, purposefully avoiding her breasts, careful not to lead her on in any way. He will have sex with her if he has to, but he hopes he won’t need to.
“Do you… er, do you have…” John needs to breathe again before the words come out. “Do you have feelings, for me?... Besides, er, friendship?”
“This is how you conclude the waltz,” Sherlock explains. “And then of course you kiss the bride.”
“Yep… The Hounds of Baskerville.”
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock promptly says, a bit surprised that John’s reaction hasn’t been more on the repulsed side. “It’s clear you had grown accustomed to having another person in your bed, and while unconscious and with a high level of alcohol in your blood you resumed your old habit. Obvious.”
“Second,” Mary continues, leaning in towards the camera. The next sentence, she whispers it: “In case it wasn’t clear, you have to convince John to move back to Baker Street.”
John’s breath is warm against his chin, and the desire to kiss him is so overwhelming that Sherlock can’t even fathom it. He presses his lips tightly together to resist.
John turns off the TV and drapes a blanket over them, smiling to himself. Softly, he kisses both of their foreheads, Sherlock first, then Mary, before walking upstairs to his room.
Sherlock melts into the hug, releasing a breath he didn’t know he was holding. They’re still allowed to hug, then.
Sherlock is abruptly brought back to reality and away from the fantasy of his lips brushing softly against John’s lower lip. “Yes… yes obviously.”
Mycroft looks at him in disbelief. Never in his life had he heard his own thoughts pronounced aloud by another person.
“That’s why you shot me?” he asks, not even remotely serious, quite amused in fact. He smirks, his head tilted down but his eyes looking up. Even in moments like this, it feels incredibly normal to joke with Mary.
Without any modesty he stands up in all his naked glory, gathering the underwear he’d neatly folded on the chest of drawers, while John covers his eyes with his hand.
“Mary, I said it doesn’t matter,” he repeats, stretching an arm in her direction, silently asking her not to leave.
Eurus is playing herself.
How does Mycroft fail to understand this, Sherlock wonders, over and over again, trying to block out his brother’s insensitive words.
The frown on John’s face fades gradually, replaced by a playful smile. “For her, huh? So this has nothing to do with your own wish to have a dog?”
Sherlock doesn’t complain. He’s loving every second of it, every single instant in which his hand is held by John’s and their arms are around each other and their eyes meet.
Even consulting detectives have soft spots, and John remembers Sherlock’s one very well. He shifts even closer, until his arm comfortably reaches Sherlock’s head, and he starts combing his hair.
Molly gets up and brushes Sherlock’s shoulder on her way out.
“We make a good team,” John says.
, linked to what Mary had said in the first video.
The detective takes a cab to his brother’s mansion that same night, at suppertime, when he is sure Mycroft has terminated his working day. Sherlock has been there many times before, but this time feels different. When he turns the keys in the lock, he’s not ready for the sense of misery that crashes against him like a wave.
The second part wins. John needs to know if Sherlock is in love with him, and it’s an answer he needs right now.
John’s giggle vibrates in his chest against Sherlock’s ear. “I’m just trying to be a decent human being for a change.”
Now, Sherlock has spent one year, six months, and twenty-two days away from home, and some days he feels so lonely that he wonders if he’s dead for real. He might as well be. In days like these, he doubts it would really matter if he actually died.
“I assume it went well,” Sherlock says from his chair when John enters the room, the telly on in the background.
Soon enough, Sherlock finds himself craving more, more attentions, more intimate moments, more John in general, and realises he absolutely has no idea how to ask. He only takes what John is willing to give. When John is in the mood, he initiates contact, so it is fairly logical to assume that if John does not initiate contact, it must mean that John is not in the mood.
They form thoughts and put them into words and then pronounce them. Questions, answers. Whole sentences, monosyllables.
John is standing there, behind Mary, his arms hanging at his sides, his lips crooked up in a little smile. He looks around and Sherlock expects him to go for a bro hug, the one with no actual body contact and a pat on the back, like the one they shared at the wedding, but no. John envelops him in a tight embrace, relieved that, once again, Sherlock is back into his life.
Correction of previous statement – Mary, in general, as a person, never fails to amuse him.
“Fine,” he says, letting himself slump into his chair. “Examine me.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, dear Rosamund,” Mycroft said, talking as if she was an adult. “My name is Mycroft, by the way.”
“We are talking.”
“It’s a healthy foetus of… 15 weeks, I would say.”
“Do you want to see them again?” he whispers, and John has to swallow back a chuckle. He doesn’t want to
They don’t hug. This time, it’s Sherlock’s choice. He doesn’t know whether it’s the drugs he took earlier, or just bare emotions, but as he hugged Mary, he felt a lump forming in his throat. If he hugs John, it’s over. Sherlock would cry like a baby, and he doesn’t want John to remember him like that.
That is when Sherlock knows that something isn’t quite right. No one could ever be okay after all the things that happened yesterday, no one, not even Mycroft Holmes, and Sherlock has to do something.
His voice is a bit harsh, probably betraying him, but Sherlock is fairly sure John’s going to leave him alone anyway. He always does eventually.
With John, however, things are different. Seeing John’s body makes Sherlock wonder what John’s skin feels like under his fingertips, or what John’s lips taste like. Sherlock has formulated various hypothesis on this last point. Sometimes he imagines kissing John after they’ve drunk their cups of tea, and then John’s lips would taste like Earl Grey and milk. Sometimes he imagines kissing John before going to sleep, and then John’s lips would taste like toothpaste.
“I said you are free to add me at the bottom of the list. If no one else is available, I can perform the task.”
And John’s voice, as Sherlock was lying motionless on the pavement, John’s hand reaching for his wrist, hoping to feel a pulse that wouldn’t be there. It suddenly hits Sherlock that that simple touch of John’s hand on his wrist would be the last contact between them for a while.
He’ll never truly forgive himself.
“She’s my sister,” Sherlock replies just as calmly.
However, John hears now that the final notes are playing, and he slowly dips Sherlock down just in time, while the detective positions his body so that they’re directly face to face.
Sherlock blinks, seemingly unable to deduce the reason behind his flatmate’s altered mood. “Experiment. I’m blending these bones to check-“
John scoffs. “Yes, because she’s never hurt children before. Never killed them, never drowned them in a well.”
“I’m moving back to Baker Street for a while,” John says.
He spends the rest of the night on the Internet for a kind of research that he hopes Mycroft never discovers.
Little premise: like many of you I didn't particularly like TFP, there were too many things that didn't make sense. So no, this chapter doesn't actually deal with TFP, you're not going to read about how John and Sherlock jumped out of a window to escape an explosion and didn't even sprain an ankle (?), or how the chain around John's foot magically dissolved the moment he was thrown a rope (??), or how Eurus managed to build a prison-like room in the garden of an old mansion and drag Sherlock's unconscious body into it (after chaining John to the bottom of the well) (???).
“So, you want to dismantle Moriarty’s network now, if I recall correctly.”
John wasn’t planning on digging this deeper inside of himself and of his problem, but he now believes that the least he can do is be honest with Sherlock just like Sherlock has been with him.
Sherlock finally snaps back to reality as a rush of cold air hits him, sign that John has moved away and is now sitting back in his chair, expectantly gazing at Sherlock. As he nervously tortures his lower lip with his teeth, John starts wondering if he’s made a mistake, if impulse has lead him down the wrong way. Sherlock confessed his love months ago, and neither of them mentioned the topic again after that night. What if Sherlock has moved on, John wonders with growing concern.
Sherlock nods. Thankfully the actual explosive placed inside the bomb was not nearly as destructive as Mycroft had imagined. It wasn’t meant to harm them, merely to scare them. The explosion wasn’t even powerful enough to tear down the walls or the floor. With the workmen working full time as they are now, Sherlock has estimated it will take a couple more weeks until they can move in again.
“John should be here any moment now,” she says, putting her coat on.
“How funny does it have to be?” Sherlock asks. “Should it be embarrassing for him? The book says the groom should feel embarrassed.”
“Yes… that’s a dog,” Mycroft said slowly, still not very confident about this whole situation.
“John, I solved the case!” he repeats a little louder.
Sherlock mutters some affirmative reply as he rushes outside, wondering in the back of his mind what kind of question that was. He’s well aware of the outside temperature, easily deductible by the current month, the time of the day, and mainly the condensation resting at the bottom of his windows. Plus he never leaves without his scarf.
“I need my toothbrush,” Sherlock replies as if it was the most normal thing in the world.
“Lonely,” he whispers.
“Never,” he corrects her, his voice barely a whisper. “I’ve never approached this subject before… with anyone. It is highly confidential information, and the only people who know about it are in this room.”
“You should make up your mind, about Mary,” Sherlock says, his hand immobile on John’s shoulder, afraid that anything may happen if he moves even just a millimetre. This position has earned him a positive reinforcement, best to keep it.
John glances down at him from time to time, at the brilliant man whose curls are tickling his palm, noticing the way he blinks more often than usual trying to resist the temptation to close his eyes. John smiles proudly at the sight, knowing he’s been right all along. Sherlock Holmes is a human being, whether he likes it or not, and anyone who says otherwise has never had the privilege to get to know him like John does.
No one needs to know though. He can treat this sentiment like he treats every other useless information, deleting it. He can divorce himself from it.
John doesn’t want to hear explanations as to how Sherlock didn’t die, and gets even angrier when Sherlock reveals there were other people who knew the truth. John makes it clear that he’s livid, and that for the time being he has no intention of pursuing any further contact with Sherlock.
By the time Sherlock has solved the case, he has completely lost track of time. It’s dark outside. Everything is silent, just the occasional car.
As he pronounces those words, Sherlock moves his hand on John’s back and shifts his weight forward, slowly, so very gently, in order not to startle John, who lets himself inelegantly dip down.
A moment of silence follows, in which Sherlock could swear he sees question marks on top of Lestrade’s head. Then, the inspector just shrugs, brushing this conversation off as another strange Sherlock-related event.
He sleeps a few hours on Irene’s sofa before sunrise peeks through her curtains and he knows it’s time to get back on the road.
And then, most surprisingly, he misses his brother. Never in a million years would he have imagined he would miss his brother, but then again, a part of him believes it should have been obvious. Mycroft has always been there. There was not one moment in Sherlock’s life, since his birth, that Mycroft wasn’t there.
“You’re an incredible dancer,” Mary says once the song is over.
“Are you in love with him? With John?” she asks tentatively.
“Oh, and I’d like you to help me pick my wedding dress,” she informs.
How does Mycroft not understand?
“You’ve been dead for a while now… your coat is way too light for Russian winter temperatures… it means you weren’t originally planning to come here, you came because it’s the closest thing to London, and the safest, you could easily reach from wherever you were before… you miss home. You miss your friends, your family, even the smallest things you never cared about, you miss everything… you’re lost, the world feels too big, some days you wish you were dead for real... You’re lonely.”
“Do you need to say something?” he asks.
John and Mary arrive at Baker Street at 9 am on Saturday with Rosie and all the things she needs. They spent two days trying to convince Sherlock to come to their place, rather than carrying everything to Baker Street, but Sherlock refused. Eventually they gave up.
John is convenient.
Then Mrs Hudson’s remark from earlier that morning replays in his mind, and everything falls into place.
“Dates? Er… if you want to, yes, why not.”
Whom to expect: said that already.
He takes the photo in his hand, observing him as a smile makes its way on his face. There’s all of them, John, Mary, Molly, Greg, Mrs Hudson. They all have the brightest smile that lights up their whole faces, except for Sherlock, who looks serious as always and has his phone hidden behind his back.
Sherlock doesn’t quite know how to describe the feeling.
She steps inside the tub, stark naked, sits in his lap straddling his hips, starts kissing him. Her breasts press against his chest. Sherlock’s never been a man of modesty, he’s never been ashamed of his naked body. But this particular situation is more uncomfortable than he thought, makes him feel exposed, not in a good way. He has to repress the instinct to cover himself up with his hands.
“Let me pick a waltz,” he says.
They’re standing in the middle of their living room, facing each other. Sherlock observes his flatmate, trying to understand what is going on in his mind. He can perceive that something’s about to happen, it’s right there, lingering in the air, it’s in John’s eyes and in the way he bites his lower lip to cover up an emerging smile.
However, even when he thinks he’s collected all the data, John’s affection does not become dull to his eyes. Sherlock can’t bring himself to admit it out loud, but he loves it, every little things John does, Sherlock loves it deeply. It goes straight to his heart, makes him feel warm and appreciated. He allows himself to indulge in it, most of the times. He’s never really felt appreciated before, by anyone.
He doesn’t mind at all, not even when she grabs his hair and pull, for fun, or when later she starts smelling of faeces.
The feeling hasn’t left Sherlock’s mind yet.
“Look, Sherlock, if I’ve just made a massive mistake, please—“
“For God’s sake, Sherlock, don’t you understand?!” she hisses, her head snapping up. “It’s not just that!”
“What feelings?” Sherlock objects instinctively.
“Okay, that was for the blog… I think it would look cool for a potential Info section, don’t you think? A tribute to me as well, in case I’m dead… and Sherlock, sorry about that first thing I said, I’ve realised too late how it sounded… I hope you appreciated the way I changed topic.”
And Sherlock gets an idea.
Sherlock doesn’t even bother to look up from the microscope. “My previous flatmate didn’t mind.”
John has no intention of leaving this time, though. He takes a second to think about something he could say, or even better, do. He remembers when years ago he was much closer to his sister, and a couple of times, when their mother wasn’t home and Harry was upset for some reason, she would rest her head on a pillow on her brother’s lap and he would stroke her hair.
“You know what keeps me going during the worst days?” Irene says. “I close my eyes and imagine what I would do if I ever had the chance to meet my mother again.”
He smiles to himself. It’s something he realised while on the phone with her, while declaring his love to her. He said I love you twice. The first time, he had to utter those words to convince her to do the same. The second time, however, it hit him out of the blue that what he was saying was nothing but the truth.
Half an hour later, Lestrade arrives with a case. He sits down on the sofa next to Mrs Hudson, joining the circle as he explains the case to Sherlock. It takes a while for Lestrade to understand the monumentality of what is going on.
He sighs in relief when she takes his hand and finally sits back next to him, on the bed, the corner of the tray with the Monopoly board against her back.
