"You do realize there is a party in your honor out there, right?" John asked, leaning against the door, hands tucked behind his back.
asked what had gotten into him lately, but John just told her that he couldn't wait to spend their first Christmas together. That seemed to appease her, and John was a little more careful about how much he excitement he showed around her, in case she figured it out.
Sebastian buried his head in his hands and ran his fingers down his face. "You can't–you can't pull out. We'd be ruined if you do."
"But you are lucky," Mycroft said cheerfully. "My brother is an expert at judging good quality stories and is happy to step in."
"They're in it for the hentai?"John asked.
"I can't find Mycroft and I don't have a ride home!" Sherlock blurted out.
Sherlock smiled at John. "I wonder I what I'll say to Mike. He's been with me so long, and I don't really need an assistant anymore."
Though he strongly suspected that Greg, and by extension Mycroft, had something to do with that. Sherlock didn't care, he missed his mornings at 221Books and he tried to tell himself it was only Mrs Hudson and not the former soldier that he was excited to see.
"Of course," he said, taking back his phone. "After all, producers are a dime a dozen, but there is only one Sherlock Holmes."
John squared his shoulders. "I'm not gay."
"Oh." Well, that wasn't
"It's fine," Sherlock said, "without much to go on other than the BBC greenlighting production, there really isn't much to do. I've had my plate filled with other, meatier issues since my return."
Mike paused. Obviously there was more to it than that, but he could tell John didn't want to talk about it and quietly got into the passenger seat.
A horn sounded and Greg and Mycroft took off in different directions. Greg tossed his first volley to hit Mycroft in the arm. Mycroft turned lob one that exploded in the middle of Greg's chest.
"Gross, I don't want
John had to run to the shops to get some things that he was running low on. He was getting ready to go on a long set of away games and didn't fancy having to shop abroad. Normally John loved the traveling, getting to meet fans in other countries, seeing the sights, eating the food...but with his and Sherlock's relationship still so new, it was hard to leave the dancer. Especially now that the Royal Ballet's season had ended. But John couldn't afford to miss so many games and so here he was, on his way to the shops.
John nodded as the detective began rocking his hips against John's. The doctor threw his head back as pleasure surged through every bone in his body. Sherlock latched onto his lover's neck, purpling a bruise there and repeated the process all over John's chest.
"Ouch," John commiserated. "That must have been awful."
Sherlock looked down at the blanket he had kicked away from himself when John came in, "Are you sure you won't mock me?"
Mycroft shifted the car into reverse and gunned it, slamming his vehicle straight into the Jaguar.
The editor shrugged. "I don't think so. I mean, yeah, it would be faster if they could do it themselves. But not everyone's brain works the same, and they deserve to have their stories published same as anyone."
Sherlock chuckled and then unbuttoned a second button. There, that should do it. He slipped on his shoes and opened the door.
Sherlock sighed happily and melted into the kiss.
Mycroft slammed on the brakes. "Whose?"
"Hey, welcome to the first of what I hope to be many of these events," John said. He cleared his throat. "The book is called 'The War of One' and it is about a man lost in the desert who stumbles onto a magical world where words are weapons and silence is the most prized possession."
"How about you, Abernathy?" Gregson asked the other officer.
"Ah!" was all Sherlock could say in response.
Sherlock blushed and handed John his map.
"You thrive on excitement and challenge," Sherlock replied. "It doesn't take a trained therapist to see that."
Dancing with John seemed to help a little. He sighed. Sherlock knew what would go the furthest in helping the hurt lessen. He had to apologize. Not to Mummy, because her ideas of never dating were still outrageous. But to Mycroft. And Mycroft didn't deserve what happened to him.
Sherlock frowned. "No one knows for sure what happened here. No one can find any records of it at all."
Mycroft shrugged helplessly. "Everyone was doing it and it hurt. A lot. So when I told him I wasn't ready and that I didn't want to do that again, at least not for a while, he dumped me."
Bertie laughed as he revved the engine, "Like I would want to be seen in anything but a
"He thinks he's Sir Galahad battling trolls," Mrs Hudson teased. "John, please. Even I know that internet trolls aren't worth the effort."
"Maybe two," Greg conceded.
Which of course meant that anything to do with booze was out. John sighed heavily. He had spotted a cute novelty mug, but had put it back when he realized that she would only fill it with the hardest liquor she could find.
Once Greg was sure that Mycroft wasn't going to fall out again, he took the other swing.
"Not a word, but I'm a very fast learner?"
But soon it was time for Mike's plan. John had been against it, but Mike insisted Sherlock needed a grand gesture.
He avoided looking at the doctor for now. Sherlock was a known entity and therefore easier to predict.
Greg just grinned and with a gentle push, straightened himself up to walk toward Mycroft's stall. He petted the horse's nose softly.
"Okay, but-"
Mike decided to leave it alone and began tying a Windsor knot into his tie. When he was done, he turned to John, "What do you think?"
"Oh, well," Greg said sarcastically. "That is really positive, Mike."
Sherlock danced away playfully and led a merry chase to a car that was waiting for them. John laughed and followed happily.
John blinked. It was a fair question he supposed. In addition to the professors hating him, there were other rumors about this boy. The drugs, the parties, and the one-night stands. By all rights, John should have jumped Sherlock and then walked away. But there was something about this boy that left him wanting more, and he suspected he was looking at the reason right then.
John stopped but he looked at Sherlock in disbelief. "You promised, Sherlock. You said you'd burn it. Then delete it. Please..."
"Right, well I was telling him about the trouble I was in and well, he offered to help me out."
She turned her attention back to John who was speaking, "Christ! I couldn't do what you dancers do."
The next morning, John woke up with an urgent need to relieve himself and no clue of how to accomplish this without waking up Mike or Sherlock. He was thinking about just shimmying to the foot of the bed when Mike woke up and mindlessly made for the one bathroom. John followed close on his heels so that he could at least be second in line for the loo.
"Oi, you lot would have gotten there eventually," Greg called from the back.
John licked his bottom lip. He was excited. He hadn't felt like this since he was in the army. John was practically humming with adrenaline, tapping his fingers on his thigh as the car drove him to the location chosen by the show. Sherlock had asked if he could come get him and have them drive up together. But John didn't want to let Sherlock see his little, run-down bedsit.
"Holy hell, he looks like me," John swore. "Or rather I look like him, but shit. That's uncanny."
Sherlock looked up innocently, "I don't know what you mean, Detective Inspector."
Sherlock opened the manuscript of "The War of One" by JH Watson on Mycroft's desk and flipped to the first page. "Right, the first line should hook the reader into the story. There is a reason 'It was a dark and stormy night' is a trope. It hooks the reader into knowing what kind of story they are about to get into. However, your first line is all tell and no show."
"Ouch," Mike replied when she was done. "In my guy's defense, your guy was drunk and very likely concussed. Did Greg handle it badly? Sure, but it was better than taking advantage of Mycroft in his state."
"What's his history?"
Sherlock surged up and kissed him hard. "But if I had," he murmured, "I wouldn't have been able to do that." And then he began kissing trails down John's neck.
"We wouldn't want that, would we?" Sherlock said and licked another stripe, going the opposite direction to take the tip in his mouth.
drained. How does that even happen?"
Sherlock nodded, "Our last venue had to be canceled due to faulty wiring, among other things. The spotlights kept shorting. One of the chorus girls was almost crushed by a sandbag weight that had snapped its tether."
Major Kincade yelling obscenities at me all at the same time than read in front of strangers. But nah, I'm not nervous."
John looked at the paper and raised an eyebrow, it had Sherlock's phone number on it.
"Right, so after I bring the clothes in here, the next step is setting this place up like for a sleepover," John explained.
"Not ever, Sherlock," John breathed, his face coming close to Sherlock's. "Because I love you." He used his hand that was tangled in Sherlock's hair to bring the tall detective to his lips.
Mycroft jumped up and snatched it out of her hands. He ripped it open and began jumping up and down. "I got in!" he squealed.
Sherlock nodded, unable to speak for fear of his voice cracking. He cleared his throat. "Sure, I'm game," he said, just barely managing to make his voice sound normal.
"Uh, no," Greg replied. He lit up the cigarette and took a long drag.
Greg stopped as the light bulb lit above his head. That was perfect, and he knew just who to ask to pull this off.
Waiting for them in front of the house like a baronet was the mysterious M Holmes. He wasn't what John had expected at all. Granted he didn't know for sure what a publisher would look like, but M Holmes wasn't it.
“And do the ‘Walk of Shame’? No thanks, I’m not that kind of girl,” she said with a wink.
"That statement is still true, brother mine," Mycroft interrupted.
"Bitch," was Victor's contribution.
"Fuck," Bill hissed. The others nodded.
"I tried at the party but you didn't want to listen to me then, so I figured it was best to let you form your own opinion on him," Mycroft explained.
"Oh?"
"Of course, what does that have to do with anything?"
John smiled fondly. "Yeah, I can see that, the two of you bickering over the fence about whose flowers are pushing the other's out."
Sherlock's face took on a feral grin. "Actually, she isn't. She gave my table away to this man," he said, pointing to John.
"We can't giggle, it's a crime scene!" John hissed between laughs.
Mike blushed. "Oh, hi. I'm Mike, Mike Stamford."
"PTSD?" Sherlock asked, going through the file gingerly.
John unzipped Sherlock's trousers, slowly drawing them down those long legs, kissing down one leg and then after he removed them, back up the other.
"And that makes it worse. You are brilliant and magnificent and you deserve all the praise in the world."
John and Sherlock shared a glance before they both nodded. John dashed to gather his things and followed Sherlock out of the lab, enjoying his view of that arse again. They continued walking like this, Sherlock just enough in front of John so he could keep an eye on Sherlock's assets.
"Yes, thank you, Janine, shut it!" Sherlock growled.
"There. Is. No. Purse," Greg bit out. "You told us not to touch the scene until you got here. And nothing has been moved. If there is a purse, it's not in plain view."
Mycroft rolled his eyes and said dryly, "Hello."
John could almost feel the connection cackling between them, but he had to ask.
John took his prize to the queue and cursed his luck. He was stuck behind this tall chap. He blinked.
"What's wrong with someone wanting to treat his mother to a nice dinner?" John asked.
"I'm trying to protect him!" the other man growled. "Have you
And John fell asleep with the phone still pressed to his ear.
"You never cease to amaze me, Sherlock Holmes."
"All right," Angelo said skeptically, but he seemed mollified nonetheless.
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed and came up to kiss him. "I love it when you do that," he said against Sherlock's lips. He ran his fingers through those dark curls and the detective leaned into like a giant cat. John was sure that the man purred.
"Aww, Sherlock, you sure do know how to woo me," Brook said as the driver pulled from the curb.
"I don't know when I'll be back, it shouldn't take more than a couple of weeks, but it could take longer. This is my last night in London for God knows how long," Sherlock explained, letting go when John yanked his arm again. "I could be spending it packing; boring. Or with Mrs Hudson; embarrassing, all that crying. Or with my brother and his husband; torture. But I chose you. Doesn't that–" he stopped, looking down at his feet. "Shouldn't that count for something?"
"Just a boy..." Mummy said, sitting down as if she were going to faint. "Love, I understand that with both you and Mycroft being homosexual, that you can't get a girl pregnant. But there are other things; drugs, diseases, and it's really not worth it. What are the two rules of this household?"
Sherlock ducked his head again. "You don't want to hear about that, it's boring."
"Whatever," Sherlock said imperiously. "I'm sure that he thinks very highly of his nephew's playing, but have you ever heard a violin played badly? It makes seagulls sound pleasant in comparison."
Sherlock pulled his legs up to his chest and wrapped his arms around them. He looked over at John. "You're going back to work tomorrow."
"And I'll be waiting," Sherlock warned.
It was then that Greg announced his retirement from the force. And after a couple of years of Sherlock losing his patience with the new Detective Inspector, John and Sherlock, too, decided to hang up the deerstalker and retire.
"I think you mean delightful if you keep with the current vein," John panted.
John licked his lips. "Oh, the things I want to do to you."
"Does-does he hit you?" Mike asked, picking up the bag of goodies off the ground.
John opened the door to find a petulant but resigned Sherlock and an annoyed but smugly satisfied Mycroft standing in the middle of the room.
"He-he's very pretty," Mike told John, "he's a gorgeous bloke."
John sucked and licked his way up and down Sherlock's cock, causing the dancer to breathe faster and faster, his moans and gasps fading away as John blew him to his climax.
"What happened?" John said with a frown.
Sherlock chuckled.
"He's fine. He was just in the boys' bathroom having a good cry."
John frowned, "Greg took him home, I think." He cocked his head and Sherlock felt the air change around this boy. "Why don't you ask Bertie?"
The only thought in her head was that her parents were going to
John blinked. "You learned how to cook watching reruns of 'Good Eats'?"
Ajay handed it over, "Someone's got you around the twist."
"I think I like Ajay a little less now," John drawled.
"Yeah, no. I'm not about to take Mary's leavings. They dated, you know?" she said.
Greg laughed. "To be fair, I
"Wow," Mycroft breathed. He thought that Mummy was bad, but maybe there were people that had it worse. "I'm sorry."
Mycroft didn't even bother to answer Mummy's question and instead turned to Sherlock. "No, and you shouldn't want to be either!"
"So are you the boss?" John asked.
At Sherlock's confused expression, he asked, "What? You've never had a sleepover before?"
John's head turned back and forth as though he was watching a tennis match.
Sherlock:
Just then there was a low buzz and all the lights came on.
John and Sherlock gasped as bright, white wings emerged from Mike's back.
"You are completely mad, Sherlock Holmes," John said, pulling Sherlock down on top of him, "And I wouldn't have it any other way."
He opened the door and stopped. He heaved a sigh. There she was, all cool and calculating like a snake. And sitting in
They were in the middle of an argument about Sherlock's card counting when it happened.
He glanced back to the rack and saw one of the London Eye lit up in fairy lights. John looked up, not that he could see the Eye from here, but out of all the postcards there, that one was the most true to life.
But to make up for me holding on to it, have a little bit of Mycroft whump and some delicious smut. Be kind on the smut, this only my second foray into sex in this fandom.
"The more they were proven to be fake, the more desperate he became to find one that wasn't. I was forced to move back in when my father took his madness further. Yelling and screaming at Sherlock, throwing things, just going into rages. If Sherlock cried, it would only make things worse for him.
John found Mike talking to Louisa and Jackie. "Hey, Mike."
The blond started to walk over, but a single glare from Greg made John turn around. "Maybe another time," he said to Mike, who nodded sagely.
"Well, that is marvelous," Mycroft replied. "Did the two of you leave on good terms, then?"
Both Mycroft and Sherlock sat up, looking worried.
!" Sherlock shouted.
Once there was a break in the lightning, Sherlock got up and ran from the room.
"Speech!" Greg called out.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat up, "Boring! Something else, please!"
the field now involve taking it up the arse, or is it you who does the taking? A little shrimp like you, I bet you take it." Seb leaned forward and hissed every word.
And every time "Sherlock Darling" came in, John had flashbacks to their first meeting, two months ago.
Mary rolled her eyes. "He's an old friend of mine. I was telling him that we had an odd number and he wanted to come."
"You torment me, John," Sherlock breathed.
Sherlock tapped Greg's shoulder and the Detective Inspector grinned before moving to stand by his husband's side.
John rubbed the back of his neck. "Look, Greg. You embarrassed the bloke. So sacrifice your ego on the altar of love and even the score."
"Why would I lie about that?" John was becoming more and more confused.
"Sherlock's not that kind of man," Mrs Hudson soothed. "Well, when you get back into town, I'll take you out for a nice dinner and commiserate."
Mike moved to his right and John followed. "For Christ's sake, John! You're behaving more like a six year old than a thirty-six year old. You're a grown man, so act like it."
"The answer is yes," Mike said. Sherlock looked up at him sharply.
"You think I'm going to mock you about which book you're about to choose, don't you?" John asked, putting his hand on his chin.
"Three days!" John shrieked, "But I have to be back to work tomorrow."
James grimaced.
"I'm sure I don't know what you mean, Sherlock dear," Irene simpered.
He did his make up and made sure to add the bright red lipstick that never failed to entice. He winked in the mirror before going to his first class. As he went about his day, he loved the lingering glances, the neck-breaking double takes, and the full on stares he got from all sexes. He couldn't wait to try it on John.
Mycroft lifted his head off Greg's shoulder from where it had rested, "What?"
"What the hell was that bloke's problem anyway?" John huffed once he got back to Sherlock.
John let out a weak chuckle. "It wasn't all bad."
She harassed John for a of couple days, trying to get him to come back, but after John's refusal to even text back, she stopped.
"So what happened?" John asked, mostly because Mike wanted to tell him and not because he was actually interested.
"I'm flattered by your interest. I really am. But it hasn't even been a year since my wife died and I'm-"
good hands." He winked at Sherlock and then led a very pliable Victor away.
Sherlock shrugged.
"I'll be here."
"You're looking at this the wrong way. He did this because he saw that you were working yourself to bone to make sure the two of you were okay, and so he wanted to return the favor. For Christ's sake, let him!"
John laughed. "It was a hell of a ride."
"You need us," Jim hissed. "I know the other printing houses won't touch you. I know Shercroft Publishing is on the verge of bankruptcy. You are one teensy-tiny cockup away from utter ruin. There will be no deal because you will be paying
They sat down and ate, talking about their trips even though they had spoken on the phone and video chatted as often as possible. There was always a new story to be told or a different aspect of an old one to be revealed.
"Often enough that we got a generator, of course," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "I'll go find out what happened, let's just hope whatever it was that knocked out the power didn't knock out the mobile tower as well."
John grabbed the band of the underwear and pulled them completely off, Sherlock bucking his hips to aid in the process. Once the pants were gone, John buried his face into Sherlock's crotch.
The maitre d' lit up. "Oh, Mr Watson!" she crowed. "It's nothing to worry about. Some people will try anything to get a table here."
Sherlock removed his clothes and John helped when Sherlock had trouble. Thankfully putting the clothes on was easier, and Sherlock didn't require John to assist. He turned the t-shirt on inside out and John cast him a questioning glance.
Greg walked through the doors of Club Dio and was blasted with the sounds of earsplitting Indie rock and rowdy fans. He scanned the room and immediately spotted Mycroft on the dance floor. He had dressed up in a white button up shirt, sleeves rolled up, and chains and leather bands graced his slender wrists. The red silk brocade waistcoat was paired with dark jeans and trainers. Mycroft was dancing with Anthea and looked like he was actually having fun.
Divya, Mike, and John were sad to see the unexpected guests go. They certainly made things interesting.
Sherlock: It was a juvenile thing to do.
John smiled. "Yeah, he did."
He whirled around and shouted, "Hey!" He stopped cold when he saw it was Bertie.
I hope you guys have enjoyed this wild ride with me. I'm always sad when a story comes to a close, but coming up next is a Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries crossover with Sherlock set in the 1920s. Then at long last the sequel to Death and Youth. Then for a treat, a fusion with the movie 10 Things I Hate About You starring the Holmes brothers as Kat and Bianca. I also have 20 billion other ideas swirling around in my head. Including one I came up with today, a fusion with The Wizard of Oz.
"Something like that," Sherlock said with a smile.
"You seem to know quite a lot about the matter," Mycroft's voice oozed disdain, "Personal experience?"
Sherlock scoffed, "Like you care."
John laughed, but it was sharp and bitter. “When will I see you again?”
"Great," John said. "I'll make sure you guys get any drinks you want while you wait. It shouldn't be too long."
All the while David looked on in grim satisfaction. "You were naive to think that you could hold a woman like Mary," he sneered. "Now toddle off. You weren't wanted anyway."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, "Have you
Toby:(nods) It certainly was one hell of a kiss. Can we discuss the main character for a bit?
"Anyway," Mike said ignoring the comment all together. "The problem is that the guy is too good at his job. And with Sally insisting on the three fakes an episode, it's getting harder and harder to find people who are willing to do the show. We've even expanded to world-wide."
This was
Sherlock nodded.
The school was buzzing with the rumor that Greg Lestrade had serenaded Mycroft Holmes in front of the whole polo team and anyone who had come to watch.
Dillon was 6'4 and built like a tank. He did not look happy to John at all. "I thought I told you to take the week off, John," he growled.
There was a heavy sigh on the other end. "Is this about the damn title again?" Greg asked.
Toby: Did Rhys change from "Griffin's Steps" to "The Spring of the Gryphon"?
Mr Lyons looked at him dubiously, eyeing him with suspicion. "You want to know what? I can't handle this today. Go to the office."
It wasn't much, but it was a start.
Sherlock blinked. "You thought I was gorgeous?"
Mary and David, who had been coming down the stairs together, groaned in unison. The sleeping arrangements would stay an inconvenient mess.
problem. Mrs Hudson had decided to hire two part-timers instead of one full-timer and she was making him train both of them at the same time.
"Fine," John breathed, placing his hand on Sherlock's bare chest. "Next week after our tutoring session, you and I are going out on a date."
“Oh, god, I am an awful human being,” John said, banging his head against locker again. “I wasn’t thinking about her, there was this bloke I met last night; the maitre d’ gave me his table, so I offered to share. He is so amazing and clever and gorgeous!”
Mycroft opened his mouth to retort but closed it when Greg raised an eyebrow. Mycroft turned his head to the side and pouted. "Mummy."
Sherlock came out of his hiding spot just as John turned around, shaking his head.
"Oh," John said, and his hand stopped. "Is it bothering you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John sat down on the edge of the seat, nervously clutching his cane. "Have you done this sort of thing before?"
Mary sighed and cocked her head to one side. "David, please tell me you didn't try to bring your Jag up to the Highlands."
He sighed as Mrs Hudson proceeded to give him a dressing down over calling her friend a dick. Insulting him should have made John feel better. To finally one up this arse, but instead John felt hollow.
When John woke up after the surgery, the doctor who finished what the stranger had started was standing by his bed. Clayton Marrow was a large bear of a man and a buddy of John's.
"Oh, well, I think you should just come out and tell him how you feel," Mrs Hudson said, putting a finger to the side of her mouth.
"But you knew they were in Mycroft's study?" John questioned.
"That's what I have now."
The line between Angelo's brows smoothed out some. "Are you sure?"
Sherlock shook off John's hand and turned away.
Greg lifted his head and couldn't believe that he had finally gotten to kiss this beautiful boy. So he just had to do it again. He leaned down to kiss Mycroft once more. Their lips had barely touched when Greg felt a paintball hit the side of his face. He reeled back.
John stumbled blurry-eyed into the surgery. He had been off the past two days, but couldn't afford to take any more. He had used up the vast majority of his sick leave chasing after mad, consulting detectives. Not like he'd done that in a couple of months, but as it was nearing the end of the year, all his time had been used up and he was sick as a dog.
"It's no trouble, someone should use this place," Mike said bitterly.
Sherlock cocked a eyebrow. "Do you know you do that out loud?"
"You can write it down." He handed them to John. The doctor took them gingerly. "As much I tease you about your blog, John, there is never a doubt that your strength lies in prose. You articulate your feelings better when you write them down. Maybe it will work for what you want for Christmas."
"So when will you be home?" John ached to see him face to face. They would live chat sometimes but it wasn't like being able to brush their fingers together or rub shoulders in the cab.
Mummy tilted her head and hummed, "You know the rules, love. No dating and no prom unless Mycroft is going."
"No," Greg grumbled. "It's fine," he turned to his dancers. "But I don't want to hear a single peep out of you lot tomorrow, do I make myself clear?"
the boys at that school? Horrid, unwashed masses."
"Coffee?" Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock nodded.
"Sherlock..." John said and then trailed off. "Oh, wait did you have a case when I was out sick? I think I remember Greg coming by."
"There won't be another one!" John called out and there were a few laughs.
"So, I'm guessing you liked it then?" Mike asked with a twinkle of mischief in his eyes.
Toby: You could be here to talk about "Griffin's Steps".
She smiled. "Of course not, but we only have a couple of minutes."
John knelt next to him, placing the cane on the ground gingerly. "Hey, hey, it's all right."
Greg searched his memory for her name. "Stella?"
John ignored her and led the way back to his table. He wished that Sherlock had stuck around for the whole thing, but the detective had left. And John had the feeling that everything had just gone to hell.
"Anything else?" Mycroft asked.
John sat down next to Mike on the bench. “I feel like a heel breaking up with her because I’m getting moony-eyed over some dancer bloke I just met.”
"John, are you all right?"
"I take it it went well," John said with a sigh.
Molly sighed and took the flailing girl off Greg's hands.
"Did you ever find out how Mike was paying for things when we went out, or why no one said anything when the two of you were being driven around in your car?" John asked, snuggling closer to Sherlock.
John sat back to watch.
Sherlock did as he was bid and gasped. On the floor there were rose petals, and except for the small table holding the wine bucket and chocolate cake, every other flat surface was covered with candles. In the hearth was a roaring fire.
Bertie ran to cut him off. "Hey, don't be like that," he oozed. "Is your brother around?"
"Nah, they don't want to turn it into a tourist trap or some shite like that," Wiggins said, shaking his head.
"But?" John pressed.
Once back at Baker Street, the driver helped him up the stairs and into his flat. John stumbled to the sofa and pulled the tattered afghan over himself before he drifted off to sleep.
"Touch me!" Sherlock screamed.
Sherlock looked up in shock. "Really?"
Sherlock slowly, painstakingly removed John from his clothing. He helped his lover get into the tub before dropping his dressing gown to the floor.
"I've never had someone break me out of detention before," Greg said when Mycroft drew close to the car. "But then again, I'm not usually
"Well, it's Valentine's, it seemed appropriate."
Greg looked over at him in confusion, "I like peas."
He nearly drained the brandy in one go, wincing as it slid down his throat. "Thank you," he said.
Greg looked up just as a black sedan pulled to the curb. Greg chuckled. "You are a sneaky bastard, aren't you?"
"But–" Sherlock began. He couldn't even articulate the million questions on his tongue. How could this be?
Sherlock: Is it too late to ask you to burn that?
John choked up. He swallowed harshly to get the lump out of his throat. He needed to be able to speak.
"Dull," came the reply.
Sherlock's next meeting was with his location scout. Technically, the show had its own, but he took his cues from Sherlock's man. Bill Wiggins might look like a weasel, but he had an instinct about places that Sherlock trusted implicitly.
"You know how Sally likes to do these in sets of three? Well, you've driven the fake mystics so far underground that your brother can't find them."
any of those things?"
Bertie nodded, "I say 'hi' back and you're cool by association."
He excused himself and tried to catch up to the mystery man, but he had vanished into the throngs of people. John put his hands on his hips and dragged his tongue over his bottom lip.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and flopped on a chair. "It's not like that. You know full well I found him to be odious and foul-tempered before we were stuck in Sussex together."
Mycroft looked around him for the first time and noticed the band. He looked down at his horse in surprise that the animal didn't bolt at the sudden noise around them. His horse shook its head, clearly more annoyed than frightened by the band.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and downed his drink in one gulp. "I am the 'Sher' of Shercroft Publishing."
On the outside it read,
Mummy scoffed, "That's not true, your brother doesn't. And why is that?"
"Wow, who are they?" John asked.
When John walked into the office, he wasn't sure what to make of it. Sitting at the desk behind a placard stating her name was Mrs Hudson and a fancy, new laptop was an older woman with glasses, typing away and muttering something about members. And John really, really hoped she was talking about about a club and not what he thought it was.
"But she wouldn't have heard of it?" Sherlock pressed.
He turned to go, but turned back. "Though there is one other person's wedding I'd go to if they ever got married."
"Where are you at?" Sherlock asked, staring at the outstretched hand with apprehension.
But apparently neither of the departments he headed could function without him. The artist who had been hired to do all the covers for Molly Hooper's books had quit. Sherlock had spent two long days just trying to get the artist to agree to new terms to at least finish the book series.
Suddenly the music changed and the crowd parted. There in the spotlight was John Watson wearing a flower in his buttonhole and holding out his hand out to him.
going to propose on New Years."
"Because he wants to know how much backlash he's going to get when he comes out with his very flamboyantly gay boyfriend," a voice drawled. John turned to see Sherlock standing there with two tumblers in his hands.
"Why not?"
John chuckled, "But I have to say that my favorite part is right here." He lifted Sherlock's other leg and buried his face between Sherlock's cheeks.
"That's what they said, but being promiscuous doesn't make you a slut in my opinion. I just means you're promiscuous."
"You ready, Mrs H?" Mike said, standing up.
The man blanched and meekly let Sally take him away. Greg should have kissed him right then and there. At least he had gotten a date out of the ordeal.
Sherlock nodded, still not quite believing, but willing to bask in the comfort of their indignation at his thought that he could have done something differently to avoid this.
"Hello," John greeted. "I have a two o'clock appointment with Greg Lestrade."
There was a low buzzing noise and the overhead light came on, but most of the room was still dark.
John turned from his task and tossed the empty roll into a nearby garbage bin. He pulled out his phone with a sigh.
"Well, well," Mycroft teased. "Aren't you suddenly Mr Popular? First Irene, then John, and now Jim Moriarty."
She looked up just in time to see Jim leer at her and she barely suppressed the resulting shudder. There were a lot of arseholes at Baker Academy, but Jim took it to a whole new level. She would beg
No John. Yet. ;) That's in part four.
"What is wrong with you? This is highly unprofessional, and I'm getting tired of your attitude," he bit out.
John looked up at Major Watson, hoping that his dad bought it. His dad shook him once more and then pushed him away. John stumbled and fell to the ground.
"What are you even doing here?" Ajay asked with a shake of his head.
Wiggins placed his hand over his chest, "Aw, you wound me, Mr Holmes." Sherlock waved him off, which caused the street rat to laugh. "Nah, it's not secret because you ain't supposed to know it's there. It's secret, see, because no one knows what's going on behind closed doors. There's even a landmine field surrounding the joint."
Sherlock grinned, the corners of his eyes crinkling up.
"Richard Brook, the alias of the criminal Jim Moriarty, was booked on all charges. He is currently in the Pentonville prison awaiting trail. Up next, Dr John Watson."
that. It was a YA urban fantasy novel and critics and the public alike
His phone pinged and he picked it up. He had a text from an unknown number. It read:
Sally rolled her eyes, "Whatever helps you sleep at night, Princess."
"Mummy? To hell with your mother, Mycroft," the silver-haired one snapped. "I'm displeased. You promised me Christmas with the Queen, not lost, frozen, and wet in the middle of nowhere!"
"Why?" John asked jogging to keep up.
John reached up and touched his forearm, "So, what do you say, Sherlock?" he asked, his voice low and warm and really not helping Sherlock's
And with that Mycroft left a confused John and a seething Sherlock behind.
When they got to their room, Mike was sound asleep on the king sized bed. He had taken the far left side so that John and Sherlock could just slide in once they got to bed. And after a couple of rounds of Roshambo, which John lost horribly each time, Sherlock took the other side, John sandwiched between the doctor and the detective. John snorted to himself. That sounded like the title of one of Molly's sordid romance novels that she denied reading.
"Just before our sixth form for the summer," Mycroft replied, his tone deadly serious.
She nodded, and John set about showing them how to look up books by title, author, genre, or classification. And then he had them both try to do it by themselves.
The postcards showed all sorts of festive scenes. London covered in a blanket of snow like something out of a Dickens novel. A country cottage with only the warmth of the window and the smoke from the chimney not sheathed in white.
John frowned, "Of course I do. I know the pain is psychosomatic, but it still hurts."
Sherlock Holmes
God, Sherlock was bored. He didn't think it was this possible to be this bored.
Sherlock was struck by how that simple gesture warmed his chest more than the whiskey he had just downed.
"Okay, fine, but what if I hate it," John persisted.
Mycroft was stuttering and trying to keep Prof Smallwood distracted when Greg made a noise opening the window. He needed to keep the Professor's eyes on him, so he did the only thing he could think of. He turned around and dropped his trousers, mooning his polo coach.
"What?" John asked.
She blinked twice. "Oh." She blinked again as she processed his request.
After a couple of moments of silence, Mycroft cursed, "You went with 'not messing up your hair' as a reason not to have us ride your motorcycle, really?"
John stepped away from the podium and started to shake hands with the members of the audience. He was giving Mrs Hudson a hug when he thought he saw a familiar set of dark curls.
"It was nice meeting you and your mother, Mr Holmes," John said, reaching out to shake Sherlock's hand.
That had been the first time he had heard Sherlock play.
"Oh," Sherlock said with a shrug. "I have sensitive skin and the seams chafe."
"Next scene, Mycroft says that the hero is a bit stiff and stoic, it says 'no personality to speak of'," Sherlock droned on, already bored.
"Greg!" Mycroft hissed.
"Hell, yes," Sherlock replied for both of them.
Victor and Sherlock both protested. Dale dragged Victor to his feet and pressed the tall dancer into the footballer's even longer side.
Mike settled back on his pillow, blinking in the dark for a moment before he slugged John's arm playfully. "You sly bastard. Come on, spill!"
Mike and Bill exchanged a glance.
"Could you at least explain why we are taking a road trip in the middle of January?"
"God no," John agreed. "Not every girl loves a soldier."
John stepped up between Sherlock and the bride assassin. "Hey, you leave him out this. He can't even see you. This is between you and me." He held up his hand, placating. "If you need to hurt someone, hurt me. I'm used to you lot trying to harm me. He isn't."
Although, the one thing that had convinced Sherlock to come was a promise. One, that John had a feeling meant more than what was on the surface.
Janine sidled up to Victor, whose head was bent over his phone. "Looks like you aren't the only one who will be stuck with a pair of lovebirds."
Greg knew it was time to take a different tactic. "Right, so say I take him to the cinema. He seems like a cinema kind of guy, right?" He clapped Bertie on the shoulder, "That's £30 off the bat, then he'll want a coke and Maltsers, that's another £30. And then dinner to talk about how horrible the show was, which will be at
"Lestrade!" she greeted cheerfully. "Have you finally come to your senses and decided to join the team after all?"
"Wait," Greg asked holding up his hand. "David the Idiot knows who you lot are, but the three of us are lost." John immediately took a liking to Greg.
"Who said that Mycroft set this up?" she asked, cocking her head to the side.
John stirred and suddenly Sherlock was by his side. A cool hand touched John's forehead, neck, and cheek.
Greg thumped his head on the bar and groaned.
"How in the hell are you beating me
Anthea walked out of the shop and looked around nervously, "Uh, do I even want to know?"
Greg maneuvered him to sit on the one of the swings. Mycroft gripped the chains, but before Greg could move away, he lurched backward. Greg managed to catch him in time to steady him.
John winced. He could see why that might cause some friction in a group like that. "Tossers."
"All my
"Mycroft..." Sherlock warned.
"So what made you stop?" Mycroft asked.
"Here, in the library," John explained. "You said I could read anything I found on the shelves to my liking. This was most definitely to my liking."
Sherlock looked up to see John standing there. He squeaked and pointed to Victor, "It's his fault I'm here!"
Mycroft ran his fingers over his mouth and closed his eyes. He opened them and said, "God, I don't even know how to say this."
"Two? Really?" John asked. "I mean everyone in the family knows about John and Harry. It's through great, great granduncle Harry that alcoholism runs rampant in my family. But you say there was a third Watson brother?"
1977-2008
Mycroft sneered, "As what? A stablehand?"
"If your date doesn't object," Sherlock said. "Then neither do we."
John laughed. "I have dessert planned, you just wait."
"Mhmm," Jim muttered as Sherlock and Sally walked by. "Now there is something special." He indicted Sherlock with his chin.
John felt a lump form in his throat. "I know. It's just the only person I want there is you."
She closed the door behind him, and he rolled down the window. "Why is Mycroft doing this?"
Greg stopped paying attention to what the two of them were saying and pulled out the note. He read it hastily and his jaw dropped. Apparently, this was a breakout.
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up. "Mine? What are you doing on a forum site about my book?"
"Really?" John asked, excited.
"No, you don't."
John raised his head and glared at his friend, "No one is that stupid."
"Was he trying to kill you?" Mike asked, as a ball boy went and fetched the ball from the stands.
Mike chuckled. "Yeah."
Sherlock huffed and disconnected the call.
"You had an episode," Sherlock explained calmly, more calmly than he felt.
Greg pulled out his poem and took it up to the front.
But before Mr Lyons could answer, Greg walked in, "What did I miss?"
He hailed a taxi and then checked his watch before giving the cabbie directions.
"Which meant Mycroft didn't know about it either, I'm willing to bet," John said, moving his pawn to meet Sherlock's.
John just shrugged.
but with a hint of modern flare.
"'Once you've eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth'," Mike dutifully quoted.
John glared at the director until he was sure of the man's sincerity.
Mycroft had leaned forward and said into the man's ear, "I'm not the police, and if I didn't believe in Gregory Lestrade and his team, I would throw you someplace that no one would ever find you again."
Sherlock dusted himself off and said, "Looks can be deceiving. A fact that you should be far too aware of." He indicated to John's tatty jumper and well worn jeans with his chin.
John blinked. "So, what; did you borrow money from Mycroft until the paid consultant thing comes through?"
He opened the door and turned on the lights, or rather with the shit generator, light. The study was pretty much as John remembered it, not a place that one would expect to store games. It was a quiet, austere place that felt more like a haven from fun, than one where laughter and enjoyment could be found.
tried talking to a therapist?" John asked.
Sherlock snorted. "No. I didn't want to listen to Mycroft drone on and on about how careless I was, so I pretended to fall asleep."
"It's why you weren't at school last year, you were doing a porn star," Mycroft said with a shrug.
Bertie smiled. "You thinking about going?"
Sherlock snorted.
Sherlock picked the phone back up and checked the notification. It was an email from his brother. He opened it up; in it was all the marketing information for John's book, which included (to his chagrin or elation he wasn't sure) all of John's contact information. Including his email and phone number. He didn't know whether to kill Mycroft or send him flowers in thanks.
The extra weight on the lead did nothing to slow the animal in its escapade. John didn't want anyone hurt, so he stepped up in front of the charging Mastiff and said firmly, "Halt."
"Look," Sherlock said sternly. "I recorded this whole meeting to ensure that Jim would leave me alone–"
"About that," John hedged. "That's why I'm calling. There was, rather
He tenderly put Sherlock's legs back on the bed and slid out. He moved to his lover's side and pulled him close.
Mycroft looked toward the stage in shock and amusement. "Vauxhall Cross?" He was trying to contain his excitement but it was spilling out.
"You are sexy and gorgeous and you absolutely have the hots for me," Greg replied.
Julie stormed off.
Sherlock took the dossier from Mike and flipped through it. "She's not hearing ghosts, she's just a very empathetic person and uses ghosts to explain why she can guess what a person is feeling. Dull." Sherlock tossed it on the seat between him and Mike. "Next?"
Mycroft let out a sound that could only be described as a squeal and hugged his mother. "Thank you, Mummy!"
"I wouldn't say that was the same as marrying an editor, brother mine," Mycroft said. "At least this one isn't an arse like the last one."
Sherlock and Sally tiptoed to the front door, dressed to the nines.
"So who's this person you're throwing me over for?" James teased.
"His mum is a bit of a nutter," Mike explained. "But seriously, mate. Forget about either one. It is not going to happen."
Sherlock looked over at the rugby captain and then back to John. He felt like a bucket of cold water had been dumped over his head. The expression on James's face was one of undisguised yearning. Here was someone who loved John. And John had promised him that they could ride together? Sherlock didn't know what to do.
"Nope," she replied with a wink and a grin.
John had been very attentive, he thought. Well, as much as he could without tipping Joey off that they were an item. They met up after school.
"Oh, ha ha," John growled. "At least he's not going to attack some surly old fellow with a solicitor on speed dial."
John lowered the heat on the hob and turned around. "Are you okay?"
"Not yet," Mike hedged, earning a short huff of laughter from Sherlock.
"Good," John said, firmly. He dragged Sherlock back down for another kiss.
"Excuse me, I have a seven o'clock reservation for two. Holmes," he said.
Greg frowned, "People actually say I've slept with a porn star?"
Molly ducked her head. "I suppose. I guess with it being Christmas and all, and everyone seems to have paired up but me, I'm feeling a little out of place."
"You lot are terrible," Greg said, rolling his eyes.
Amy smiled. "I guess not. Just press the call button when you are ready to go, and I'll bring the release papers."
"Oh my god!" Mike cried, "What happened?"
John and Mike sat down next to Greg at lunch.
"And then she used those funds to buy a bookshop, and the rest, as they say, is history," John said.
Toby: I can't tell you how excited I am to sit down with
There was a warm chuckle behind them and they turned around. There in his tan overcoat and wire-rim glasses, was Mike Stamford.
Greg sighed, "What part of 'piss off' did you not understand?"
"Well...I do know where my brother keeps the secret stash of goodies for when he gets depressed about his diet and needs to indulge," Sherlock murmured into his duvet fortress.
Sherlock buried his head back into John's shoulder.
Sherlock shook his head, "No. You won't."
Ah. So that's what happened. "Of course, I do, Lockie," he murmured. "Is that how he discovered it, then?"
"That's good. I'm glad Mycroft's friend recommended him," John murmured. Tobias Gregson had been chosen in particular for the interview for that reason. That he would respect Sherlock and not tear him down for a better story.
"She also uses those 'funds', as you called them, to help people in situations similar to hers get the justice they deserve," Sherlock explained.
That brought John up short. "Why do I love you? Sherlock, why would you think otherwise?"
"Indeed," Mycroft conceded.
playing with you again," John growled, putting away the game.
Greg winced again. "Yeah, thanks, mate." He took a sip of the liquid and sighed.
"You still see Bill Murray and your old army mates, yeah?"
That was where Victor found him twenty minutes later. Sherlock had only removed the bulkiest bits of costume, half his make up, and part of his hair was sticking up where he had run his fingers through just the one side.
"Yep! Seven years. I take Mike out for a pint every once in a while just as a thank you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Never mind, sorry," James rushed to apologize. "I know you're going to be going on that book tour in a couple of weeks, but I just wanted to let you know–"
"So this whole chase thing was to distract me from being sad that Mary and I had broken up?"
But as Sherlock continued to kiss him, all thoughts were filled with just the press of their lips together. Later he would curse about it and agree to going out to dinner, but right now he just wanted to kiss his partner as the meal he had planned turned slowly to sludge on the hob.
The teacher running the detention was Prof Smallwood and Greg was glad. She dealt with detention the same way she did horses; with a firm and steady hand.
He threw open the door to his car and sat down at the wheel. He cursed and leapt out, slamming the door behind him. "No petrol!"
John sighed. "Just me."
He rubbed his hands together and scanned the room. It appeared that either John didn't have much faith in his abilities or didn't want to hide it at all, because there in the clenched jaw of the skull on the mantelpiece was a slim, white piece of paper.
Sherlock coughed. "I may have destroyed Cluedo after the first time I played, and the rest of the games were hidden, only to be brought out when I was in town."
Then it was Sherlock's turn. He pulled out of his jacket the death Frisbee. The deerstalker.
"Hell yeah, it is. But I'll tell you what, Jeff, let's you and I go back to my table, have a few beers with me and my friends, we can talk about our military service. I'm a former RAMC and we've got an Army engineer and a couple Navy blokes if you want to join us."
Greg lifted his head from the bar, "That sums it up, yeah."
Sherlock shook his head, "No need." He mimed putting a gun to his head and pulling the trigger.
"Oh, um, 221 Baker Building, room B," Sherlock said with a discreet cough.
John handed him his small box.
There was a knock on the door and it opened a crack to reveal the face of Mrs Holmes. Seeing that Sherlock was dressed, she opened the door just enough to slip inside.
"Maybe," he muttered.
He sat in the chair next to John's. "This place is better than the pictures she showed me. It really is a shame she's renting it out to anyone wanting to get out of the city. Could you imagine some yuppie couple in here, frowning at everything?"
"Hey, John," Sherlock murmured. "So...um...do you remember that printer I was having trouble with that first time we had dinner at your place?"
Mycroft was sitting on a bench watching the couples dance and laugh. He knew he should have gone home, but the thought of facing his mother again after another terrible breakup was too embarrassing. So he stayed. He drank punch, danced to the fast songs, and sat out for the slow ones. Because despite everything, Vauxhall Cross was still his favorite band.
"So you're pushing his buttons back?" John asked.
"She's not sure. She doesn't want to sell it. She might just rent it out to couples wanting to get out of the city."
"Sherlock?" David asked, sneering. "That skinny kid that had a crush on you last Christmas?"
Mike fidgeted nervously in the seat, clutching the last folder tightly.
Sherlock offered to cook for John and perhaps play for him as well. John had been happily surprised when the dancer suggested it. He had been careful not to ask Sherlock to play for him after learning of Sherlock's distaste for being asked. So after being offered a chance to listen and to be cooked for, John was giddy.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but he could find no words, no evidence to the contrary. But every fiber of his being rejected the thought; they barely knew each other. They had exchanged calls and texts, but had only seen each other all of three times, this being the third. It just wasn't possible that John Watson was in love with him.
?" she asked after a moment.
John's face scrunched up. "Let me guess: the bastard left in the middle of the night, leaving Sherlock behind."
Also, I want to bring your attention to the chapter counter. It has, indeed, gone up. There will be a shiny, happy epilogue.
John was forced to straighten out Molly Hooper's display table because the night before a rampaging hoard of teenage girls had come through, bought three copies of everything, and left it a complete mess. He had wanted to do it then, but Mrs Hudson had a date and wanted to close up quickly. John was juggling trying to straighten the books and his cane that kept falling to the ground every time he moved, when Sherlock Darling came in.
"I thought I had gotten over that silly want, that silly desire, and then I meet John Watson and got to know him and suddenly I want to start writing again."
"Yeah, we have art together with Miss Wenceslas, right?" John asked, trying to keep the conversation going. He coughed, "Uh, um...wow. Sherlock, you look amazing."
Toby Gregson: Thank you for meeting me.
John chuckled. "It's a surprise. They aren't meant to be deduced," he reminded him.
Tegan laughed again and everyone grinned. "Shakespeare is always a source of income from cinema to television to the stage," she tapped on Anthea's coupon, "but this Bard in particular is very dear to us and we'd love to help him out."
Which started John giggling all over again.
"Not all of us meet the love of our lives and find that they can tolerate your weird job," Molly groused.
"You could make up a girlfriend...or boyfriend?" James suggested.
Sherlock waited two seconds for "Cut!" before he broke his fake smile.
"Hell yeah."
Sarah laughed. "Yeah, me either. I still need to get you something. Anything you want?"
The publicist watched him with fond amusement.
"Shit."
"Sherlock!" John called, but it fell on deaf ears as Sherlock continued to rummage around. After a moment or two Sherlock came back with his prizes. A pen and a slip of paper.
"I do now," Mycroft said with a bitter laugh.
He stuck his hands in his pockets and soldiered on, braving the crowds for one last gift. With it being this late in the season, normally he would say to hell with it and just get them a card. But this was Harry, the only family he had left. Their dad had died when he was young. Their mum died right after he had been shipped out for his second tour of duty. She had been putting off going to the doctor for months and wouldn't even let John examine her. But he had gotten her to promise to just before he left.
They all nodded. "Good."
“Only for your own protection,” Greg muttered as he went searching through the messages. “So who is he then? This John fellow?”
John chuckled as the line connected. "Hey, yeah. I'd like two mango sticky rice, your beef pho, small..." He listed off their order and watched Sherlock get ready to go out, an adoring expression on the doctor's face. Yes, he was very happy with his life as it was. He didn't need the surgery, not when he had a consulting detective to make his life interesting.
I'm filming that nose spray ad tomorrow."
Sherlock ducked his head away from John. "I wasn't asleep when you came in," he mumbled.
"And how long will it take to get back?" the detective groused.
John got undressed in the small one-room bedsit and put on his bathrobe. He grabbed his towel from the one closet in the room and made his way to the ensuite bathroom.
John took it without a word and guzzled more than half of it in one go. "Thanks, I haven't had a screamer in a while. I'd forgotten how much it hurt when they just won't shut up."
Soon the chorus girls had spread all over the theatre that brooding Sherlock Holmes was smiling and not his usual “Someone has done something wrong and I’m about to eviscerate them” smile, either. An honest-to-goodness happy smile. That wasn’t to say that Sherlock never laughed or smiled with the rest of the cast, but this was different. This was a smile from his heart.
Hello! Yet another chapter! Yay!! It's a bit fluffy. :D
"Why do you want to date me?" Sherlock asked.
"I'll remember that," Sherlock promised.
John just smiled.
"Yeah," John agreed. "I'd like that."
"Who?" Mycroft asked sleepily.
"Our car is here," Cathy said, pointing at the valet who had just pulled up.
Sherlock buried his hands on his lap. "I found that he had made his money illegally in Australia."
There was this pretty blonde PC who had been flirting with John throughout the case, and Sherlock hadn't meant to eavesdrop on them, he was just coming to get his blogger so they could go home. Oh, all right, he
"Shit," John murmured. "I'm sorry. I didn't know he'd hit his head. I wasn't thinking, making you leave him alone like that was a complete dick move."
shaky cams, I actively avoid it,
John chuckled. "As amazing as that would be, Sherlock," John shook his head, "what I want the most you can't give me."
John sighed. Apparently he still wasn't going to get her real name. "Where am I being taken this time? An abandoned warehouse, his office at Vauxhall Cross, or the Diogenes?"
He began composing a text message:
Sherlock nodded and then did as he was bid.
When John came to that night, the stranger was standing guard at his bed. But all John could think of was the pain he was in. He took a deep breath and forced himself to focus on his apparition.
Sherlock smiled at the simile. "Correct, and with no one to debunk, it's a little hard to do a show about debunking."
Sherlock turned around and raked his eyes over his lover's frame. "Janine."
"Did you buy this for me?" Mycroft asked, incredulous.
"Hold on, let me check," Mike muttered. He let out a low whistle. "Whoever told you three days was
"That's not what the rumors say about him," John said with a chuckle. "I believe the words used are 'arrogant', 'tyrannical', and 'exacting'."
Molly laughed as Sherlock walked to the door. "Who's that? Mycroft's?"
Anthea took a step back, "I'm guessing you were warned ahead of time about me."
John shrugged. "He told me stop being an arse to you because of what happened with your book, but didn't give a lot of details, and I really didn't ask for any."
John had learned to get over those fairly quickly, but he would grit his teeth as Mrs Hudson fawned over this man and they talked and talked. God only knew what it was they talked about, John tried to ignore them. Plus, he didn't have leisure to chat when he had
Wiggins chuckled. "I may have let it slip that there was a secret military base nearby that might catch your interest."
John ducked his head. "Sorry–" he began but was cut off by Mrs Hudson shrieking and launching herself at the customer.
Toby: Do you want to talk about him?
Sherlock chuckled. "In another life, maybe," he joked. "Honestly, nothing's wrong. I went to lunch with John and lost track of the time."
John's heart ached for his lover. There was nothing John wanted more than to have Sherlock living with him, but it just wasn't feasible. While John didn't live on the other side of the city, neither was it an easy trip from his flat to the Opera House.
"The man I set Janine up with at the...'other' wedding, they got back together after..." he coughed, "well anyway, they married. Last month, in fact."
"Neither do most of us," Janine admitted. "We just come to see buff men run around in tight kits, hitting each other."
"Aww, don't do that," Donna complained. "You'll spoil him."
John's eyebrows shot up. "I'm guessing at this point you don't need much to get off?"
John stepped closer to see that it was a black jock strap. "So, it's a jock strap, doesn't your brother ride horses?"
"Go on," John urged. And with one swift movement the detective had pushed down both John's jeans and pants to his knees. John stood up and removed them rest of the way. Sherlock looked up at him adoringly. John's heart ached with how exquisite that expression looked on his lover. He reached down and pulled Sherlock to his feet to kiss him passionately. While their lips were occupied, John got busy divesting his boyfriend of the rest of his clothes.
Sherlock frowned. "I'm fine, what's up?"
He held out both hands and turned his head away. "I can't believe you would do this to me, wasn't I good enough for you?"
John beamed up at his new boyfriend and then took his hand as they continued their walk.
"What kind?" John asked, his good humor already returning.
They walked out to where the wedding party was milling around, waiting for the grooms to arrive. Standing up for Sherlock were Mycroft and Wiggins. Mycroft wore the most sour expression having to stand next to the drug-addicted chemist. They were both in tuxedos with waistcoats that matched Molly's dress.
John had got the ultimate revenge though. The guy's girlfriend came over to apologize and stayed for Harry.
That hadn't been his fault. He had spent the weekend tending to heat stroke and the nastiest sunburn an Englishman could get.
"The main male character kissed a boy," Mike deadpanned. "But they didn't
Sherlock shook his head. "I have so much work I have to catch up on, I'll be living in the office for the next couple of days."
John nodded. He knew that. He did. Everything just felt so new between them and leaving like this for several weeks made him nervous.
The best part about the whole thing is that Sarah was just arrogant enough to not believe that anyone outside her circle would know about her party, much less crash it. Or failing that, think it was a different Sarah's party.
He looked in the mirror.
He looked up and down the other man's frame. "I see that you're still as indolent as ever. Put on at least a stone since the last time I saw you. Shouldn't you, I don't know, be actually working out instead of being here? With the suspension and all? Or are you just riding it out, like everything else you do?" John drained the last of his drink.
do normal."
"Can't you convince some wanker to take you out to the cinema for two seconds so that I can have a normal life?"
"Of course, it's not, Jeff," Mary said, eyeing John now.
“Yes, now scoot.”
"Hello, brother mine," Mycroft replied, ignoring Sherlock's rude greeting. "Has this boy met you?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes, "Hardly. I make mistakes."
"Hey!" John greeted. "These are my best mates, Mike Stamford," pointing to the one in glasses, who waved, "Bill Murray," he thumbed at the red-head, who flashed them an even toothier smile, "and the captain of our team, James Sholto." The remaining man just nodded shyly.
John's focus was pulled off Sherlock and back to the present. "Huh? Oh, sorry. I hope you guys like burgers, Toby's has the best burgers in Soho."
"Now that I've seen a picture, I realize that Mary and I aren't your type," James explained. John raised an eyebrow. "You prefer brunets."
He glared up at her, "Fine. He hit me because I hit John. And then he said something about Mycroft and him and it didn't make sense!"
"Too much fatty protein," Sherlock explained. "Sometimes if we're good, we get pizza."
Sherlock laughed. "More inclined to insure we don't give his restaurant bad press than pleased to see us, I think."
John decided to take up Sherlock on his offer to borrow a book from the library during one of the times the publicist took one of his long showers.
John was almost charmed until he remembered the awful things this man had said to him almost every day for the past couple of months.
"I'll talk to my mum, but no promises," Greg hedged. He looked down at his feet, hoping she would drop the issue. He didn't want it getting out why he didn't ride anymore.
"Whoops!"
"Molly..." Sherlock groaned.
Greg swallowed against the dryness of his mouth. He had been severely outclassed. Greg had worn a simple and classic black tux, but without a tie. His head was telling him to run away. Run away before Mycroft spotted him and sneered at his basic attempt at dressing up. His heart was telling him that if he so much as moved, it would burst.
John blinked in shock as the customer swung Mrs Hudson around.
John sighed, too. This wasn't how he imagined dinner would go. "I don't like it either, love. But I'm sure it'll get better as the night wears on. He'll get too busy and forget all about us."
"You look especially lovely, Molly," Mrs Holmes said.
He stood up with the help of his cane and moved to the doors under the bookshelves. But they only held what looked to be photo albums. And as tempted as John was to see what Sherlock and Mycroft looked like in their youth, that felt like too much of an invasion of privacy.
“Bollocks!” Greg said. “You don’t put yourself out there for just anyone. I thought you took your mother out to dinner last night.”
"Oh come off it, Barbara. How was I supposed to know he was famous, it's not like I know anything about ballet," Julie complained.
His phone buzzed.
The goth, who was pale to begin with, blanched further, "Look, I know we goths have reputation for courting death, but mate, I ain't suicidal."
"The belief that most fears and phobias come from some kind of trauma," John admitted. "And as a soldier suffering from PTSD, taking the mickey out someone else just because they are afraid of something seems a bit churlish if you ask me."
She screamed her frustration.
"Looks like that leaves the ladies with Mike," John said, relieved.
"Oh hell, no," Janine said, putting her hands on her hips. "One's gay and the other's Scottish."
"Mummy came up with a new rule," Sherlock purred, his voice low and smooth. "I can date when my brother does."
"Yep!" Greg said, as Sherlock just grinned.
Sherlock got out his phone and sent off a message.
John bumped their shoulders together. "You make me sound like a teenager with a crush."
"No one is stopping you," Mycroft said flippantly.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. "We do have guest rooms upstrairs you can stay in, instead of hanging out here with me."
"You look good," Mary said and David glared at her.
he comes to class?" Bertie sneered.
John nodded and watched as she dashed out the door. He flopped back on the bed and cursed. He actually felt relieved that he wasn’t going to be seeing her until the weekend. He could stop playing the good boyfriend.
"Mike appeared to be wearing different clothes every time I saw him. Perhaps she merely changed her appearance every time for you," Sherlock said.
"Yes," Anthea muttered sarcastically. "Why would anyone want to get dressed to the nines, dance, and have fun for an evening?"
Whelp! Here we go, the penultimate chapter. The prom. This chapter is a bit rough emotionally, but I promised a happy ending and it'll get there. We just have hurt them first. :(
"Good," the man, said walking up to John. "I don't need to stress the importance of this. I know your scholarship is riding on you passing the class, and you know that even your status as a rugby star would not be enough for the school to allow you to stay. You would end up having to quit medical school."
Bill had stopped by briefly to ask after Sherlock and the new digs, but had since wandered off to speak to their coach. So John was alone when he heard someone say, "Watson? Oh, it is you."
John sighed and stepped closer. "Look, I know you think my therapist is shit, and frankly so do I most days, but she does have one thing going for her."
She let out a gasp of shock and Greg dived through the window.
John could see a lead flapping behind the great beast, but before he could lay a hand on it, a figure crashed through the same bush. It grabbed the lead, but instead of stopping the dog, it carried the man off his feet.
Thank you to the wonderful Old Ping Hai, who has been super patient in me not finishing up Shift, so that I can begin working on her favorite AU, ballet!lock and rugby!John.
Greg sat back and thought about asking where Sherlock kissed him, not the location that the kiss took place. But decided that he figured he knew the answer anyway. If Sherlock had kissed John anywhere but on his lips, John would have said.
out of the shop.
Puis-je vous offrir un panais?- May I offer you a parsnip?
school was watching him. He raised his hands in the air to show he was okay and the crowd erupted into cheers.
He stopped by a table and tried to be friendly, but was driven away by the extremely cold shoulder he got from them.
Mary turned pale. She looked at John cowering before her raised arms and took a step back. And then another. But John couldn't see her, he still had his hands in front of face. Suddenly the rage drained from her and with a broken sob, she turned and ran.
Dr. Mike Stamford chuckled. “So did you go to that restaurant I suggested?” he asked, as he worked lotion into a tight muscle on Bill’s thigh.
He had been told that this meeting was going to be rough. By Mike, by Mrs Hudson, by things he'd read online. And he let his temper get the better of him. But before he could wallow in his misery, Sherlock came back.
John didn't know what to do. He had let his temper get the best of him and now what might be his only shot of getting his book published somewhere other than online had gone out the window.
"I was trying to find someone who liked it or who didn't outright hate it," John explained. "And then I came across this prick, and he made me mad enough to reply back."
"Nope," John replied. "So why don't you tell me about it?"
Mycroft chuckled. "I'm just glad it wasn't what it looked like."
They got their fish and chips and found a nice bench to sit and chat.
"Wow, Mr Silver Tongue himself at a loss for words, I don't believe it," Sherlock mocked.
Greg opened his mouth to argue but thought better of it. "You know, John, when you moved in, I thought you were going settle him down, not go tearing off after him."
"It's a lot to take in, isn't?" the publisher murmured, handing John a drink, which he took gratefully.
His friends came and congratulated him and asked if there was going to be one of
Molly put her knife down and sighed. "Lucky you. Most men either recoil or lean in too close when I tell them I do post-mortems."
Another customer came in and John had to attend to them. By the time John was finished, Mr Holmes had gone.
There was a slight hiccup in the seating, however. Mary sat down on one end of the sofa and Molly the other. John made his way to the open spot between them, but David leapt over the back and slid down between them.
"Yes, I was enjoying myself for once and lost track of the time," he informed her as he moved around his desk to sit down in his chair.
"Got her a solicitor that would listen, sued the pants off Frank, and she divorced him soon after," the publicist concluded.
She smiled up at him, "The train was on time for a change, so we are a bit ahead of schedule, do you want to stretch your legs some before we go?"
Mummy cocked one eyebrow in disbelief.
"So do we have deal?" Mike pressed.
Sherlock looked up, "You think I'm beautiful?"
After a moment of stunned silence from John, Sherlock cleared his throat, "Let's get started."
"It was nice to speak with someone who was interested in me for me and not because I was Sherlock Holmes, son of publishing mogul Siger Holmes," Sherlock said.
"I bought it, I thought it might help," Sherlock admitted with a shrug.
James blushed. "You could have a real boyfriend..."
"And don't get me started on you lot!" Mr Lyon barked and the Otokus subsided into a low murmur.
"Wasn't lying apparently, I found them in a green trunk by the door," John said calmly, his voice warm and soothing.
And then she proceeded to tell everyone who came in that John was going to be a published author. He didn't mind her telling customers, especially regulars, but boy did he mind when she told Sherlock Darling.
"Now Divya was quite the pretty puzzle. She didn't have the smell of formaldehyde, but still that lingering smell of disinfectant. But what would she do that would require her to want to bathe in the stuff? Infectious diseases. That, and she mutters the scientific names of diseases when she's trying to concentrate."
"That
"Like The Diogenes," Mycroft correctly guessed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock's phone rang, but he let go to voicemail. It immediately rang again. He looked at his watch, "Oh no! Is that the time?"
Sherlock rubbed his hands up and down John's back, "He didn't sit with me though the thunderstorm of the century, he didn't make me dinner after a horrible week, he didn't lose his limp because of me."
"I vaguely remember that." John rubbed his face wearily. He took deep breath and let it out slowly.
John grinned. "Nah, it'll be fine. Just get in, will you."
He looked back up at the front of the classroom where Mr Lyons was tapping his foot impatiently. It was clear from the look on his face that he had been calling Greg for some time.
Just then Bertie came in between them and threw his arms around Sally and Sherlock, "And we all know
Greg blinked. "Are you serious?"
"Like what?" John thought it would be something like graphic violence or rape or something equally mature.
John took a deep breath and straightened his back.
"I wasn't telling you to go out in front of everyone and sing to the bloke," John defended.
John hastened to soothe the chef. "You've already done so much for us, it would just be too much. Everything is just lovely as it is."
Mike shrugged. "Our one year dating anniversary is on the sixteenth anyway, so it's not a big deal. She got that day off, so that's all that really matters."
They ordered their food and John got a cup of their darkest coffee.
A little heads up regarding abuse of a minor. It's mostly verbal and emotional, but it's there.
"Jesus Christ, Mike. Just get to the point," the TV host bit out.
"Hey, Sherlock. I'm glad you got my number. I was seconds away from begging Mrs Hudson for it. -JHW"
"Mrs Hudson, I got a letter saying they want to see me about my book!" he said, picking her up and spinning her around. "I'll need Saturday off."
"Be quick, I have a beautiful dress on and have no intention of letting it go to waste," she explained.
Mrs Hudson sat at her laptop and chewed on her lip. She was trying to find the right word. "Miss Hooper!"
Yes! And this was the best time for it. New year, new flat, new John. He wasn't going to be caught up in this shit again.
"What?!" John cried. "No, no, no. I can't be here that long. I'd go mad, kill Sherlock Holmes and then myself."
Sherlock gulped and was near tears, "I can't, him and Sally were on their way to another party, and Mummy said that I had to be home by midnight and since this is my first party I don't want to get in trouble and not be able to go another and I don't know anyone else–" he rambled, twisting his hands into knots.
"Come along, then." John took Sherlock's hand and led him to the table where a veritable feast was laid out. Sherlock had made all of John's favorite dishes and the rugby player knew they would be eating the leftovers for days.
was doctor, he said her doctor friends, indicating that she wasn't. But she was very capable and even better at the actual work than John. Which means that she is a nurse, not a doctor."
"You want me to rewrite my book?" Sherlock asked, unbelieving.
John coughed and looked away. "He said that he had slept with Sherlock to get the book and..."
Mummy glared him, "Other teenage boys weren't raised the way you two were and therefore are lacking in morals and upbringing. And that is the end of it, young man."
"I wanted to surprise you," Sherlock murmured.
Mike hugged them both and then put his arms around one of each of their shoulders. "Be good to each other."
Sherlock opened his mouth the answer but John wasn't even looking at him. The doctor was looking out into the mangled, blackened remains.
Sherlock stood up and walked over to Moriarty. He got into the other man's face. "No one threatens my crew," he hissed. "You are quite fortunate to have these officers around."
the Olympics."
John frowned and growled, "I have heard that a hundred times and no one has
Sherlock went out into the crowd. He stopped to give Mrs. Hudson a kiss on the cheek. He nodded to Mycroft, who was talking to Molly's boyfriend, Brandon. He was an artisan glass maker who had his own shop. Molly and Divya were in the corner, chatting about something. When Molly spotted Sherlock she waved her left hand and Sherlock caught a glimpse of metal on her ring finger. He gave her a broad smile, but was secretly grateful that Brandon had asked her before the party, so this moment could be his and John's alone.
"On a cotton t-shirt?"
"Of course he does," Greg cursed softly before putting the schedule back. Miss Hooper, the school secretary, almost caught him, twice, but Greg would ask her to get him something and she would wander off. Once he was actually in Mrs Hudson's office he completely tuned her out. He just needed to get out of here and find Mycroft.
Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "People tend to grab not from the left but in the middle. Think of it like the winners' podium in the Olympics. Gold in the middle, that's the first book in a series. Silver to the left, that's the second book. Bronze to the right, and that's the third book. And if the series has more than three,
When John and Sherlock finished their kiss, they turned to Anthea and Mike.
"No," he replied, sulkily. He looked down and away, causing John to have to chase him to keep his fingers soothing Sherlock's curls.
"I know that this is all my fault and I really should just go home," Sherlock whispered. "But I haven't got to dance with John once and I–" he gulped and looked into John's eyes. "I really, really wanted to."
"God no, that bastard is worst than M&M," Sherlock assured him. "No, it's a London-based company called the Diogenes Printing Club."
There is a little reference to Doctor Who in here. Just as there a tiny reference to Good Omens in chapter 19. If you spot them, let me know.
"How can I trust you?" Mycroft asked. He squeezed his eyes closed and opened them slowly. "Why did I think I could?" He ran off, Greg losing him almost immediately in the crowd. As he went up on his toes to see if he could see over the heads of the other students, he spotted Sherlock.
They couldn't bear to sell it, so they boarded it up and told Molly that when Will was old enough to need a place of his own, it would be his. They had talked it over with Greg and Molly, first, as Will was barely sixteen at the time, but they agreed that upon him turning of age, Baker Street would be his.
John just thudded his head on the table a few more times. "I don't have that kind of money. If I asked my dad for it, I'd be belted within an inch of my life."
, it's something I am."
And then he called John.
"Why does your brother have it instead of you?" John asked, coming back to sit down. He settled into the chair and arranged his cane and bag.
John jerked his head back. "What difference does that make?"
Sherlock dropped into a chair in relief. He nodded.
"Any time, John. You take care of that mad man of yours," she said with a grin.
The former soldier scoffed.
Bertie shoved his hands into his trouser pockets and rocked back on his heels. "Mycroft is a twat and I'm willing to pay you to date him."
But it appeared that whatever higher power was out there decided to torment Sherlock instead. As the players came off the field, John dashed up to the VIP box. He banged on it and then motioned to have Sherlock meet him in the corridor. Sherlock sighed heavily.
As John was putting away his chemistry book, Sherlock said, "Remember, John. Don't be late. I don't have time to be waiting around for you."
"What, wait? It's Valentine's Day?" John asked. Everyone nodded but Sherlock, who looked away.
Sherlock nearly turned red from rage. "What! We are only a few minutes late and you gave our table away?"
He was rubbing his hands and pacing back and forth, as he waited for his cue. He had stopped short of tugging at his hair because he wouldn't have had time to fix it before he went on stage.
"Away!" Mycroft called out over his shoulder.
Sherlock smirked over his coffee cup as he took a sip.
John grabbed Sherlock's hips and used them to gently glide in and out of his lover. Every nerve ending sparked in John's mind.
Sherlock brought John's hand to his lips. "Not as incredible as being here with
"Yes, but you know, and it'll make it easier to figure out how to get him to overcome whatever the hell this is."
John blinked slowly. To be fair, that was usually what was kept in old trunks. "Perhaps I shouldn't have told you where they were. Won't Mycroft be upset?"
"The life of a busy publicist, then," John said with a sad smile.
Sherlock reeled from the sheer stupidity of the statement.
"Yeah, unless you want to get an eyeful."
"I have a therapist, she explains these things to me," he said with a chuckle.
He stepped into the shower and bathed quickly, mindful of the woman on the other side of the shower curtain.
"Mhmm," Sherlock murmured into John's chest. "Albert. He was older than John but younger than Harry. Can you reach the papers on the coffee table?"
Sherlock shrugged him off. "I didn't know that Langdale was still speaking with you. Remind me to send him a case of his least favorite beer."
The curtain went up and a spotlight came on, highlighting the lone figure on the stage. The dark head rose and Sherlock began to dance.
"How can you say that?" John asked, his voice raising in panic.
John looked down and silently cursed himself for ruining his plan. "I was going to be so clever about it and everything."
It was a cool autumn evening when Will came to visit. He was running late because the class he taught had gone over.
"There are far more important things than money and good looks," Sherlock continued. "And while we're on the subject of good looks, you must know what a striking figure you cut."
A reply came within minutes of Sherlock's message's departure. And the whole time the publicist sat in panic, almost typing out another text message apologizing for his error in judgement, but each time he would chicken out.
"I have good news and bad news," Sherlock said.
James followed John back out to the store proper and immediately went back to stocking shelves.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Really?" Sherlock turned to look at the street rat in amazement. "I thought my brother practiced a more hands-off approach to this show?"
Mycroft made it back to Anthea and handed her the other bottle of water.
"Victor." Sherlock's voice was cold and hard.
John glared at her, before picking her up and depositing her on his right side. "Don't be rude. James was on that side first, and I need both of you to see what I'm doing."
"Could have fooled me," Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and huffed out a sigh.
The horse neighed and shook his mane.
"Yeah?" John asked, happily surprised at how quickly Sherlock said yes. "Um...there is this little cafe I know that has the best pasta, it's called Castillo. How about there in about..." John looked at his watch. "An hour?"
"So why are you even here?" John asked, crossing one leg over the other. "Don't tell me it's because Sherlock fainted. You don't seem the overprotective type. What's the matter, you afraid that it might be contagious or worse, hereditary?"
John chuckled and then was cut off by a sharp intake of breath. Sherlock had buried his face into John's crotch and Christ it felt good.
John didn't know how to reply to that question as no one had earnestly asked that question, actually wanting to know the answer.
John looked up at his lover. "You really are a softy, aren't you?"
Sherlock looked him up and down. "You know, for someone who got thrown out the Royal Opera Theatre because he had his hands down his boyfriend's trousers during intermission, you sure are homophobic. I guess what they say is true, the more closeted a gay man is, the more homophobic he becomes."
you doing here on a Saturday. In my detention, no less."
"I think I know what Sherlock sees in this bloke," the editor said cheerfully.
Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all."
Sherlock blushed, but everyone said they had.
"Good for the innocents, but bad for business," Sherlock agreed.
John and Sherlock mumbled what drinks they wanted and the chef nodded. "I will make sure it gets out to you straightaway."
Molly looked around and said, "So how are we getting there? Greg drove all of us."
Mycroft looked at Greg's Triumph and snarled, "We're taking my car." He glared at Greg, daring the other boy to protest.
Mike sighed and suppressed the urge to rub his temples. Why was he even doing this? He didn't owe John anything. Sherlock was just another bloke who looked down on people like him. But then he looked over at his new friend's face and folded like a house of cards.
There standing on the other side was Sherlock Holmes, with both cans of cranberries and a very nice bottle of scotch.
The front door opened and Sherlock came in. He paused to give her a kiss on the cheek.
John opened it up to the acknowledgments and had to fight back tears.
"Yeah, but you can call me John," the army doctor replied. "It's a pleasure to meet you at last. Mike has told me all about you."
Greg puffed up his chest and opened his mouth to say when Molly spoke first, "This is our director, Greg Lestrade."
"The day we met," Sherlock said with a grin.
Greg held Mycroft's horse in place as he mounted and then mounted himself.
Moriarty rolled his eyes. "What's that?"
"That smells divine, Sherlock," he said, sitting down at the table. "I didn't know you could cook."
Phillip Anderson was getting in fights with the editing crew, an assistant or three, and two cameramen. And those were just the incidents that had landed on Greg's desk. He had no doubt there were others, and that there would be more in the coming days. Greg had a list of complaints from other members of the crew, claiming that Phillip was involved with Sherlock and this Dr Watson fellow to hatch a clever hoax.
"Not literally, I hope," John said, trying to stifle his giggles.
Mycroft came out of the music shop to put his purchase into his car and saw Greg Lestrade leaning up against it, smoking.
Mike winced. "I know, right?" Sherlock just glared at him. "I know him, from uni, got back in contact after he was sent home. He's a real decent bloke."
"John!" Mary cried, trying to pull her clothes back on.
The night had started out well enough; most of the friends who had said that they were coming had shown up. Molly. Mike and Divya. A few of his army mates that were in London. He really wanted Bill to be here, but the man who had saved his life was still out there saving lives in the Helmand province of Afghanistan.
The study door opened and a haggard Sherlock slipped in. Both John and Mycroft stood up, but Mycroft let John assist his brother into a nearby sofa.
Mike was tempted to ask Greg to borrow a pair of handcuffs. He needed to tether John to something before he wore a hole in the carpet with all the pacing he was doing.
John started pulling ingredients out of the icebox and began to make what he had planned. And that was an awful lot. He did the wontons first as they could be kept warm without having them get soggy or dry. Then he pan fried vegetables and noodles as the rice cooked. Then the chicken fried rice.
John gasped. "Fuck, fuck, fuck."
is why I had to meet you," Greg said. "We got a little off topic when you asked. It wasn't
"Regardless, my book wasn't released today, it was released ten years ago and if wishes were fishes, I'd eat for a lifetime," he pressed on.
"I'm with John on this one, Sherlock," Greg agreed. "You do not control the actions of others. And if you feel that you've done wrong, fix it. But she chose to do what she did. Not you."
Then like a sudden cold had descended, Brook was calm. He smoothed out his hair and the front of his suit.
Christmas dawned and Mike went around rousing sleepyheads from their beds, squealing like a child and shouting "Wake up, wake up! How can you still be in bed? It's Christmas!" He wouldn't leave until every one of them was downstairs and seated around an already blazing fire.
"Cocaine!" Sherlock shouted out the window.
Mycroft shook his head and then tossed his car keys at Greg, "You drive."
"What's so funny?"
"That's probably closer to the truth," John said.
Mycroft turned to Sherlock slowly. "If you think this is a hangover, you have got another think coming. This is from hitting my head on that stupid chandelier."
Sherlock's brow furrowed in confusion. "What?"
"Oh no," came a warm baritone behind him.
"Oh?"
"I've never seen him," John said, crossing his arms in front of his chest and settling all his weight on his back foot, jealousy radiating up his form.
He pulled on a pair of fishnet stockings and attached them to the suspender belt. He chose a white button up shirt which he left unbuttoned and pair of little black shorts that barely covered what it was supposed to. He put on a pair of braces to make sure that the shorts stayed where they were. Lastly he threw on a pair of low-heeled, scrunch, ankle boots.
Toby: Do all your boyfriends get the same treatment?
She laughed and tossed her long brown hair. "No."
John didn't say anything, just rolled his eyes.
"You do realize that keeping me cooped up in here isn't the best idea, right?" Sherlock said as John moved back to his chair, changing the topic as the air seemed to crystallize with the tension of things left unsaid.
"What do they normally say?" John asked, pulling his head back in confusion.
John grasped Sherlock's head and gently moved it so he could press their foreheads together. "Fuck, I am so sorry. So sorry. I am jealous by nature and I let it get the better of me." He let out a shuddering sigh. "After we hung up, I looked up the company. I found the 'Jim' you mentioned the other day and I–"
Sherlock smiled, warmed by the notion that John expected them to still be together after a year. "Apparently the owner heard what happened and had left a standing reservation for us. So, when I called Barbara asking when would be the earliest time they could get us a table, I was as shocked as you were by the response."
John nodded, his face contorting as he tried not to cry. "Thank you." He stood up and buried his head into Sherlock's neck, throwing his arms around his friend.
Sherlock straightened up and John immediately missed the warmth of the detective's body so near his.
With dark, curly hair.
"You're Greg Lestrade, right?" Bertie asked.
He pulled out the scarf out of his pocket and inspected it. It was a bit slobbery, but for the most part it was intact. The scarf had seen far worst things than inside of a dog's mouth.
"Wear that dreadful outfit that you wore to Mummy's birthday and just be yourself, Sherlock," Mycroft advised. "Surprisingly, I don't think that unless you actively sabotage the date that he'll run screaming. Which is what you are concerned about, yes?"
"Well, I hope everything goes well tonight," he said with a grin.
Mycroft laughed and then dived in for another kiss.
clients."
Greg outright laughed as he slipped into the back seat of the car that would take him to Mycroft.
John chuckled. He wasn't about to say what his type was as that would be showing his hand just a little too much. And that was a conversation best had in person. "No. I'm not interested in either one; besides, by the end of the year, I'll be traipsing all over this blasted country."
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. "Well, I know he likes pretty boys. He has a picture of Cary Grant in his bedroom."
Anderson abruptly stopped his motion and quickly zoomed in on John.
John smiled tightly and said by way of greeting, "Hello."
"So we were having a pint, well, he was, I don't drink much anymore–" Mike started to ramble.
"That was not a challenge, you git," John said, grabbing his cane. He stood up and finished gathering their supplies for the next week.
"I didn't bring an overnight bag," John said, panic rising in his chest. "I don't have a toothbrush, anything to sleep in or change into...what am I going to do for three days?"
"You know Mycroft?" John boggled.
Molly nodded.
"Shall we move on?" Sherlock asked again.
"Sherlock," John breathed happily. "That was amazing."
"Hello, darling," he greeted warmly.
Sherlock sat back in his chair and closed his eyes. He opened them slowly. "And what did you tell him?"
Sherlock spun to face John, "Please eat and drink as much as you like. This is for you, after all."
"I want to show you the difference between swimwear and underwear modeling poses," Bertie enthused.
John stepped back from her and she frowned. "She's not worth it, mate," he said bitterly. "She cheated on me with another bloke, and would have made me her this bitch this time."
“One that everyone says is only with me because I’m famous,” John said. He lifted his head. “Including you, I might add.”
He poured drinks for John and himself and brought them over to the table. "It looks marvelous. You really went above and beyond."
He looked for all the world like a man who has just been given a death sentence. John then noticed the near-empty carafe of brandy and the very empty tumbler next to it. John stopped to wonder how full that bottle had been when Mycroft started to imbibe, and then realized it wasn't any of his business.
He made it out of the shops with very little interactions with fans, and thought nothing of it when someone called out to him from a car, he just assumed it was to sign an autograph. So when he walked up to the window and was dragged into the car, forced between two very large thugs, he was very surprised indeed. Sitting across from him was a young woman typing a way at her Blackberry, not even paying attention to him at all.
"But I'm driving you, and you have to be home by midnight!" Mummy snapped.
Sherlock leaned back into his chair and folded his arms as he watched John skim through the French grammar book.
"Should have used the window, love," Mummy called from the sitting room.
"My insurance doesn't cover teenage angst, Myc!"
"Sorry." Sherlock could feel tears welling up and bit his bottom lip to keep them from coming.
Sherlock grumbled as he threw open the boot and began tossing their bags at Greg.
Sherlock nudged the door open with his foot and the two of them awkwardly walked into the flat. They took several steps before John stopped them. Sherlock could feel John's intake of breath before he removed his hands from Sherlock's eyes.
"I feared as much," Sherlock sighed. "I'm afraid she caught you up in a little game to try and get me to go work for her. I believe her goal in ruining you was to make us look for another company and then bankrupt them as well. She would then swoop in and buy them out or if they wouldn't sell, she would buy out their rivals and undercut their prices.
"Thanks," Greg murmured.
And just like that, John felt a rush of sympathy for the other man. He knew what it was like living with something that other people would scoff and sneer at, having come home from the war with PTSD.
I hate it, I hate the way you're always right
Sherlock scrolled up and began reading.
Sherlock coughed, "Richard Brook," he said dryly.
this book."
Sherlock nodded. John was only gone a couple minutes before he returned in a long-sleeved t-shirt and sweat trousers. Again John picked up Sherlock bridal style, but this time Sherlock was ready for it and immediately clung to the good doctor.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. "That sounds dreadful."
John raised a questioning eyebrow.
supposed to be a cheese-tasting party."
"If it's any consolation, Mycroft sings better than I do," Sherlock said, looking up at John through his eye lashes.
Appelez-moi quand vous comprendrez- Call me when you understand
curious."
John pulled out a piece of paper and handed it to him, "These are his favorite bands, he likes Thai food, political prose, and angry music of the Indie punk persuasion."
. He had been excited.
Harry had been pissed that he couldn't make it back for the funeral; still was, if he was honest.
Molly looked up to see his wide, cheeky grin.
John looked at Bill and James and then all three men jumped Mike. They began to tickle the doctor.
Thankfully Mrs Hudson wasn't up front and John was with a customer, so they didn't see the pitiful display of his schoolboy crush.
"I've been overseas for the last fifteen or so years; if it happened during that time, I wouldn't have heard about it," John explained with a shrug.
They walked on in silence for a few moments before Sherlock turned to John, "How is Operation: Get-Mycroft-a-Date going anyway?"
The young woman shook her head again and without looking up from her Blackberry said, "They are only here to make sure you get to your destination safely."
Janine laughed and even Molly giggled.
"What?" John asked confused.
"Yes," came the breathy reply.
"Kayla from history was saying that in America they aren't even allowed into pubs or bars until they are twenty-one. And they have to show ID," Mike commented.
"You could come with us," Mycroft volunteered. Sherlock and Greg stared at him in shock. "I got a call from Mummy; she said to just go home. Apparently Her Majesty's favorite dog wet in Mummy's new slippers, and she's on her own way home."
"You know," he murmured as he continued his journey further down, "I have a hard time choosing the most delectable part of you."
Mycroft smiled blandly. "Of course it's hereditary. I'm fortunate to have it pass by me. But Sherlock got it from our mother." John just blinked at him. "I believe that because our mother could see and hear ghosts, Sherlock normalized what he was seeing. People would assume that he was crazy or just talking to himself. But since she was doing it, too, he thought that they were the crazy ones."
–" And that is when they tackled him to the ground. Mycroft wasn't sure what made him wince more, the tackle or the sound the microphone made when it hit the ground, causing that eardrum-splitting screeching noise.
Anthea took his hand and shook it. "So what has the Bard done for you lot that would make you want to do this huge favor for him, because you can't tell me these dresses are cheap by any stretch of the imagination."
Toby: I'm guessing not.
Sherlock's heart plummeted to his stomach. He feared the worst. "Oh?" He had tried for nonchalant but it came out an undignified squeak.
John turned his head and saw that the young soldier had begun working on the wound in his shoulder and slowly, the feeling of impending death drifted further from his reach.
"Who says they ain't?"
Sherlock wasn't the only one in the sea of students who knew Mycroft who saw what went down. Mike and Anthea had been dancing nearby.
"I'll be waiting outside for you so you can get dressed," John said turning for the door. "Then we can go out together." He slipped out and Sherlock was on his feet in an instant.
Sherlock bowed his head, "Yes."
"Bastard," John said with a smile.
"Are you serious?" she asked.
"We don't have to send you," Mycroft assured him. "You have a PA as well as an entire department of capable people, any one of whom we could send in your stead."
Sherlock's grin turned feral. He pointed to the gold medal behind him, "Fencing."
Mike winked at Greg's stunned face, "Can't hurt, right?"
"Fine." Greg stormed out the door and slammed it behind him.
"Because everyone wants to hear me play. Like I've stopped being me and turned into a performing monkey. No one asks you to prove you play rugby, but they always ask when you play an instrument. It's hell."
Ajay laughed.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what possessed him to text John before he went to sleep, only that he was more than a little pleased and very much surprised when John texted him back. He held down his thumb over the message and saved it. He wanted to make sure he kept the first message of what he hoped to be many more.
"Right in one," John said, grabbing a fork and a set of chopsticks. "Chopsticks or fork?"
He checked himself in the lift mirrors one last time and then stepped out when the lift landed on his floor. He took his cane in hand and hobbled up to the front desk.
As Greg was frog-marched away by the teachers, he turned to wave at the cheering crowd of polo players and spectators.
"Me and Harry used to go almost every year, so me?"
John's hand stopped its movement. "Is that what Mycroft said?"
"Yep," John agreed. "I can totally see that." He opened the door for Sherlock, closing it tightly behind him and hurrying to get into the driver's seat.
"Then reschedule!" Sherlock screamed.
He walked over the to computer and then looked up. "Mary, come here, please."
humiliated and at most arrested. Is that really what you want to put yourself through?"
Jim laughed. "Like hell you can. Care for a gentleman's wager?"
Valentine's Day."
He smiled brightly before skipping over to the dark door with the brass fixture proclaiming 221B. He went inside to tell Mrs Hudson the good news about her tenant.
I hope you enjoy it!
"Speech!" John echoed and the whole crowd took up the chant.
Mycroft cocked his head to the side. "Why?" After watching Sherlock beat the hell out of Bertie, Mycroft couldn't see any reason for him to apologize.
Mike laughed and told her what Sherlock had done.
"What are you doing?" Greg asked, eyeing the drink.
"No!" Sherlock yelled. "I mean–no, thank you."
"And graphic designer," Sherlock admitted. "I can't stand it when book covers get it wrong, so for certain clientele I'll design the paperback and dust covers for their books, and I sign off on the covers of all our other books from our in-house graphic designers."
Sherlock and he had gone to his flat and ate ice cream, but despite the almost kiss on the pavement, they had kept their distance to a friendly banter.
Both he and Sherlock turned around to see a well-dressed, dark-skinned gentleman waving them down. As the man neared, John could see that he was Indian-English and his teeth were so white that they hurt his eyes.
Sherlock chuckled. "I noticed you didn't say illegal."
Sherlock set his briefcase on the table and sat down. "Thank you for meeting with me, gentlemen. Have you had time to look over my proposal?"
Sherlock started and then giggled. The giggle turned into a laugh, which got John laughing too.
"That's a bit creepy, Mycroft."
Sherlock coughed and turned away. In the dim light, John was sure he saw Sherlock's cheeks tinge pink.
"Rhys just kissed Ajay," John replied. "My favorite bit so far."
"Sounds almost romantic to me," Mycroft said with a barely concealed smile.
Sherlock started making gagging noises as John nudged him with his shoulder. Maybe it was better this way, maybe he needed to step back and let him and Mary happen naturally.
John typed back a brief apology and went to make sure that his and Mary's skis were securely strapped to the top of his car. He walked out, and Mary was by the car, squealing in excitement.
Sherlock chuckled. "Then why did you ask me to dance if the flower was doing it for you."
"Because there used to be orchards out back," Sherlock explained. He turned to Anderson, "We'll start at the posterior of the house."
Greg scoffed and grabbed the reins, leading both horses out of the stable. Mycroft followed behind, wondering what he'd said wrong.
"Would you have remain single and lonely all my life, Mycroft?" Sherlock mumbled, at last joining the discussion.
Mummy managed to look even more smug. "Even better. Yes, it's brilliant, and I can sleep soundly knowing that my two boys are safe."
“Whatever this is, Sherlock it is most assuredly not 'nothing’,” Greg replied.
"What's this, love?" John asked.
Sherlock looked in and then followed the stairs up to the landing. At the top was a man in a light grey suit. His eyes were dark as his hair. He was finishing getting ready by putting on gold cufflinks. His brow was furrowed in a deep frown that made his features a mask of pure fury.
"Sherlock can date, when Mycroft does," she said triumphantly.
He was sitting in the VIP box at the Baker Street Sports Centre watching a pre-season exhibition match with the London rugby team. They were playing against Sussex.
Sherlock: To be fair, he was
He closed his eyes. "Yes, trade paperback. It's in the email. Thank you."
John was helping them with their luggage when Sherlock gasped.
John kissed Sherlock again and breathed, "You softy."
There was a smattering of applause and raised glasses. John raised his glass in response.
Sherlock got a cup down and began to fill it. "The coffee grinder too much for you?"
"Yes!" John threw his arms around Sherlock and kissed him soundly.
He knocked on the door and then turned to glare at Anderson as he got too close.
James tilted his head. "True. So are you gay?"
"When we were talking that first night, you said that you once had this great book on poisons back at uni, but you lost it. The title seemed familiar so I consulted my mind palace, and came up with that I actually own the book you were talking about..."
Sherlock walked in, followed by a face he knew all too well, Dr Watson. Sherlock attempted to swan in, but Greg could tell that he was still a little unsteady on his feet. He turned to the doctor and raised an eyebrow.
"No problem. -JHW"
"Yum," Victor agreed.
"How was everyone's weekend?" he asked.
"I mean it," John said. "I want to spend my life you."
"I thought she had retired to Sussex," Sherlock muttered.
"Sounds wonderful," Sherlock agreed. "Text me the address. I need to go. I'll see you Friday."
Sherlock smiled wanly. "We can't all have handy old friends willing to introduce us to wild eccentrics."
"What is with you today?" he asked, concerned. "If you keep this up I'll be forced to send you home."
"Don't get me wrong, I was having fun before your little show came along, but when I saw it for the first time I knew you'd be fun to play with. So I left the States to come to this side of the Atlantic." Brook closed his eyes, "It was
Greg hummed his agreement and disconnected the line.
John nodded and resolved to never piss off Sherlock Holmes.
"When Greg told me what you had done, I couldn't believe it," he said as he neared them. "But here you are. What the hell were you thinking?"
number? He didn't know how to reply to that, but thankfully he was saved from making a fool of himself by another incoming message.
Sherlock meandered through the tombstones while John clearly searched for something. Perhaps Mike's parents ran the church and adjoining cemetery.
Without further ado, Chapter Five (or as I've been calling it my head, "in which the author went so long without writing she forgot how to use commas!" Sheesh!)
John and Sherlock closed their eyes, and with the sound of wings, Mike was gone.
He looked over his shoulder, and with grin that reminded John of someone, said, "I may not be as smart as my little brother, but Ol' Bertie knows a trick or two."
But he felt it went deeper than that. If it was just arguing with Sherlock, then his limp would have been completely gone before his week-long sojourn in Sussex. But it took defending the man and his book to really kick the cane to the curb.
"Piss off, Mycroft," Sherlock snarled and hung up the phone, but not fast enough to avoid hearing his brother's delighted laugh.
Thankfully for me and all of you, my beta has more sense then the wailing author and told me to write it again, better. I don't know if it's better, but I will say I am very pleased with the end result.
A giggle bubbled to her lips before she could stop it. John's eyes snapped up and the small smile slipped off her face.
After a couple of hours they had cleared the SUV. Mycroft climbed into the driver's seat and tried to start the engine. It made no sound and refused to turn over. At first they thought it was the battery, but when Mike came back with his SUV and tried to jump it, still it refused to come to life.
Sherlock nodded.
"John, it's beautiful," Sherlock murmured as he held it to the light.
John held up the battery with a grin. "It can't turn on without this."
Irene's eyes narrowed, "You may have won this time, dear, but I'll be back."
John glared at him, but Mrs Hudson completely ignored it and continued, "He's got a meeting with a perspective publisher on Saturday."
"God!" Sherlock hissed as John carefully lifted one of his legs up on his shoulders.
Greg chuckled, "Well, my
Greg turned away but held on to Mycroft to keep him from falling over. Mycroft was winsome and beguiling, but he was also drunk and most likely concussed and therefore could not consent.
Mycroft sat down and thought about it. "I guess it just hurts that he would do that."
David was the only one not in on the celebrating. "What an idiotic thing to do, propose at Christmas, everyone knows if you're going to propose on a holiday, you do it on Valentine's Day."
He opened the door and stood there staring. Apparently Sherlock wasn't the only who had gone out of his way to dress to impress. John had showered and applied a little product, making his blond hair sweep back from his face. He was wearing tight jeans and a t-shirt that was straining to keep John's compact chest under wraps. It was failing.
under Mycroft's thumb. We are co-owners of the company. For God's sake, Irene, my name is literally
"That's ridiculous," John replied. "Even if Shercroft Publishing went under tomorrow, your family has been wealthy for generations, you would still be able to live comfortably for the rest of your life."
"I wanted to surprise you, babe," David insisted. "I know you said that you just wanted to be up here with your doctor friends, but I couldn't bear the thought of poor Molly being all by her lonesome surrounded by happy couples, now could I?"
Mrs Hudson laughed. "Of course you can have the day off. I'll call around to my former employees and see if someone will be willing to cover for you. And if not, don't worry about it. I can do it myself."
She finally looked up from her laptop. "John Watson, is it?"
us. I could have you right here, right now, and you'd be begging me for more," he snarled.
"Incredible," John huffed.
John closed his eyes and then opened them to reveal that they were filled with unshed tears.
"We were on our way to a study group," Sally lied.
–" How Greg had managed to sing and avoid the teachers, Mycroft didn't know.
Amy coughed discreetly. John looked at her startled, knowing full well the expression on his face was more fond than worried. It seemed that Sherlock had that effect on him. If other people had done what he had, John would be furious. But, no, he was fond. Damn it.
And whenever John felt like telling the other man to get off his arse and help, thunder would rock the house and Sherlock would whimper. John would sigh and go back to collecting "treasures" for them.
" Sherlock said, tossing a piece of paper at him.
John had opened his mouth to retort when a nurse came out clutching a clipboard.
"Will you be spending this evening packing or...were you planning a more pleasurable way to spend your last night England for a fortnight?" Mycroft asked, aiming for nonchalant.
"Yes," Mr Lyons replied, "go to the office, I can't deal with you today."
fun."
Sherlock laughed. "At least I won't be bored." He threw the remains of the cigarette he was smoking to the curb and lit another. "What's next?"
Hello, and welcome to yet another chapter of this absolutely fun story. The chapters are coming along nicely and I'm moving at a steady pace. I don't want to tell you how I'm moving along so well, because I don't want to jinx it.
"Mummy," Sherlock began slowly, "I'm pretty sure dating in sixth form isn't the crisis you're making it out to be, besides I'm sixteen. You know, the age of majority in England?"
"Good, I make a fantastic stir fry, come over to my place on Friday at eight. I'll make dinner," John insisted.
Sherlock glowered at him. "Yes, thank you for spelling it out to no one but you."
"About time!" Greg hollered. "Do you know how many times I had to listen to these two moon over the other. Sheesh!"
"You're doing it wrong," he said with the curl of his upper lip.
He got on his motorcycle and put on his helmet, wondering where he went wrong this time. He rode off without finding an answer.
"Only you would think so," Sherlock replied, wrapping himself around John's smaller frame.
"You'll do fine," Mycroft assured him and patted him on the shoulder. "If you'll excuse me, gentlemen, I have to be going."
"Friend?" Irene asked, "You don't have friends."
"Not if you have a concussion," Greg explained. He threw Mycroft's arm over Greg's shoulder so that he could to lead him out of the house and out to the garden. "Here," he said, sitting Mycroft down on a bench. "Sit."
Sherlock and Mycroft shared a confused glance. "Do what, exactly, Miss Hooper?" Mycroft asked.
“Oh no you don’t,” Greg growled. “Grab your things, I want to speak with you.”
Sherlock ducked his head. "Would it be too much to ask if you stayed with me tonight? In case I-" he tangled his hands on his lap.
She laughed again. "It's a bit early for that, don't you think?"
"Really?" John asked, incredulous.
"Does Mummy know? About what happened between you and Bertie?" Sherlock's voice took on a low growl.
Hint: I have never written a story that doesn't end happily ever after and I have no desire to start now.
And then he found it. An honest to God fantasy novel. "Griffin's Steps" by William Scott. He read the back and it looked interesting. So he took it with him to one of the big fluffy armchairs and settled in for what looked to be a really good read.
Mrs Hudson and Sherlock shared a glance.
Sherlock shook his head. "You may want to finish that before I tell you. I don't want you to choke."
"Of course–"Sherlock began, but at the level glare John gave him, he bowed his head. "No."
Sherlock cleared his throat. He held out his hand and John took it, coming to stand next to the publicist.
"Thank goodness." Sherlock turned around and filled his glass again.
"I miss you so much," Sherlock murmured. "But at least I finally got permission to shove off M&M and hire another company."
His brother didn't say a word, but Sherlock could feel his smug grin through the phone line.
Greg paced the hallway in front of the main offices. Twenty steps, turn, twenty steps, repeat.
"Quite a lot," Greg explained, leaning forward and putting his elbows on his knees. "You see, we talked about you and your book–"
Sherlock growled, "Don't read too much into that. We are acquaintances at best."
Once they were seated at their table, Sherlock took the time to actually look around. Everything was plastered in pink and white with pictures of winged babies everywhere. He frowned and went into his mind palace. He saw all the similar decorations at school, heard the whispers from the female population about where their boyfriends were taking them, the calendar on his phone reading 14-02. Valentine's Day. He dug deeper into his mind palace to see if there was anything about the significance of being asked out on that day and his eyes went wide.
John licked his bottom lip and Sherlock barely suppressed a shudder. This wasn't the "aroused" lick; no, this was the "about to say something nasty" lick.
Mycroft and Greg had taken the other two back to their flat after the police finished getting their testimonies about what had happened.
"I want the sequels yesterday, but yeah, I still liked the damn book," John muttered darkly.
Anthea looked at him approvingly. "So you know your Shakespeare. I'm impressed. But you aren't here to spout the Bard at me, so why are you here?"
"Brutus!" Donna called.
"Holy fucking hell," John exclaimed as they cleared the house. "What on earth happened here?"
"Sherlock, what would you say was the biggest drawback to the actual book that didn't include two boys kissing?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You really are a gossip whore, aren't you? I don't have to tell you shit, Irene, and you know it."
Sherlock blushed. He looked furtively at Molly and Mike and then down at the floor, feeling very embarrassed. He should have realized that John wouldn't bring a
They took a step back, but took each other's hand and went to eat and chat with the other attendees.
"You don't get to make that decision for me, I'm afraid. What can I say that will convince you that I'm not going anywhere?"
Bertie Gruner was taller than average, with classic good looks and an arrogance matched only by his self-absorption. He and his best friend, Jim Moriarty, watched as the new sophomores walked by.
John's head rocked back and then he cocked it to the side. "Do you get mocked a lot?"
"Then it must have gone very well indeed if you forgot a meeting with
"Okay, yeah. Wow. I can't wait," John breathed.
Sherlock pointed up and John saw that they were under the mistletoe.
John closed his eyes and opened them slowly. "That's really sweet of you."
"You have a small team going from place to place debunking old houses and the like of ghosts," Sherlock further explained.
John accepted the detective's kiss with a smile of amusement.
Yay! It's done. I am so grateful this is done. After nearly seven months, I glad to be finally moving on to something else. I have written three other stories while writing this and while this was fun, it didn't hold the same attraction as the others.
"He didn't even glance at my tits," Janine agreed, indicating her very revealing blouse.
“Cathy,” John said, sliding down the locker to sit on the floor. He looked up at Mike, completely miserable.
"Hmm, very good," he purred and then set it on the counter to finish carving up the bird. Sherlock handed him a piece of the white meat and John took a bite, instead of just taking it from him.
"What?" Sherlock asked, confused and then waved the comment away. "Not about that, Mrs Hudson. John is sick and I know next to nothing about taking of someone else."
John let out a sob as his own tears slipped down his face.
"I was hoping you would say that," John said with a grin and put the fork back for another set of chopsticks.
Because of some mix up or another with Sherlock's flight, it was actually John who ended up leaving on tour first.
Mycroft stumbled out of his bedroom the following morning, his head heavy and aching. He wandered to the bathroom and rummaged around for any painkiller he could get his hands on. He sighed in bliss as he found the good stuff.
John moaned around bite. "Very good, apparently I'm a better cook than I thought."
A goth, a nerd, a geek, and a stoner.
The crowd laughed.
"He's resilient, he'll come out of this all the stronger, it just might take some time," Mycroft said.
John looked down at the pile of treats and nodded. Betting those would have felt too much like gambling and he'd been actively trying to avoid that since he'd been home. When Sherlock had brought up gambling as a bad habit to give Hamish, the hero of his book, it had struck a nerve.
"You never cease to amaze me," Sherlock said, awed.
After he had gone away, John turned to Sherlock. "You want to tell me what that was about?"
Mike nodded, "We were watching the latest superhero movie, because I hadn't seen it yet. But we had run out of snacks about halfway through, and John offered to see if the local 24-hour had anything." He turned to John, "They have anything good?"
Anthea stepped away from Mike and folded her arms. "All right, spill. Because I know you know."
When Mycroft broke off the kiss, Greg was practically panting.
"Same can be said of London and you," he said with an answering sigh.
Sherlock sighed. "I would only eat or sleep when you were home, and if I happened to fall asleep before you came home no matter how hard I tried to stay awake and you were gone before I awoke, I wouldn't eat at all. There were times that Mrs Hudson would force biscuits on me, but other than that..."
"Oh," came the collective gasp.
Mummy's face clouded over, "Is this you punishing me for Oxford?"
"Among his aliases are Sebastian Moran, James Winter, and Jared Harris. His real name is James Moriarty. Or Jim. The bloke is wanted in three states in the US, as well as a couple of cities in France, Germany, and Turkey. Several of our own lovely cities would love to get their hands on him. Um...Brighton, Sussex, and I believe Manchester."
Mycroft and Greg shared a glance, but it was Mycroft who spoke. "My apologies,
"Ahh," Mycroft said with a soft smile that Sherlock could practically
"Careful, Victor or I'll show you why they call Ireland the land of Eire," she threatened.
Sherlock stood up and pressed his hand to his chest to ease the small ache that formed there.
"We're losing him, John!" Sherlock replied.
John thought about how frightened Sherlock looked earlier and had to ask, "What happened?"
John blushed. "Our success then," he continued. "But that isn't the reason why you all are here. It has been a long journey for Sherlock and me. From that first case with Jennifer Wilson and the Study in Pink," John raised a glass to Greg and Molly, "to Sherlock's Hiatus and his return." He raised his glass again, this time to Mycroft. "From empty hearses," he pointed at Anderson, who ducked his head and blushed, "to Mary and beyond." He stopped and choked back a sob. "Sherlock and I have weathered much in our journey. And while he has always loved me, it took me years to realize I felt the same about him.
Bertie turned to Greg and hissed, "Watching your boyfriend hit my car does
"You're in love with me?" John asked, breathless.
out as in a date?" Greg asked, leaning forward expectantly.
"And you have a palace?"
"Then let's not make it go to waste," John said, only moving far enough away to look the tall dancer in the eye. "And then afterwards, I am planning on doing all sorts of indecent things to you."
"We know," Mike agreed. "That's why we're here. We want to help you date Mycroft Holmes."
After a particularly trying day of Mary, (she and James swapped shifts that day because she had a party she was going to that night) James came up to him.
Sherlock sat back and draped one arm over the back of his chair. "My problem with that is that I have a feeling that as time goes on, my contact with you would become increasingly less and with him decidedly more, that the harassment would return and in greater force."
They began their usual chatter, the two of them catching up, and John left them to it. He could see Sherlock whenever he wanted now and didn't want to infringe on Mrs Hudson's only time with the publicist.
"Is this about the drugs?" he asked after a moment.
The man they had been chasing threw off Sherlock but ran right into the fist of one Dr John H Watson. John proceeded to wrestle him to the ground and pin him with his knee to the man's spine.
"So, you're straight then?" James asked softly.
"Oh God!" Mycroft exclaimed, bashing his head on the steering wheel. He huffed out a sigh. "All right, it's too late to back out now."
"Yes," Sherlock panted.
"The bedroom!"
"Just Holmes talking real nice to the suspect here," Dimmock replied.
"Victor!" Sherlock said warningly. "Gays are not the dark side," he cast a sidelong glance at John and then continued with a mischievous gleam in his eye, "straights are."
John looked up when the bell above the door tinkled. A distinguished older gentleman came in, looking around.
"Also, where's the linen closet so I can grab pillows and blankets for the pair of us?" John asked.
Mycroft huffed, "I can converse freely about any number of subjects, but cars
Sherlock's heart nearly stopped. He had merely been flirting up to this point and he could feel the balance tip toward something else.
"Cheesy is more like it," Mycroft grumbled.
By halftime Sherlock was very uncomfortable, crossing and uncrossing his legs.
Only, John had no desire to date someone fifteen years his junior. Even without all the complications that came with having feelings for a certain publicist. Maybe before he was invalided out of the army, he would have at least tapped that, but now...John shook his head.
gay!" Mary wiped away a tear, but more streamed down her face.
Finally after the fifth attempt Greg responded with "Piss off."
The last bloke just shrugged, "I'm just more artsy than crafty."
He showed up with the prerequisite coffee and two strawberry scones. Sherlock cursed himself in several languages as he slowed when he caught sight of John.
Sherlock rolled off John and flopped on to the bed next to him. John settled on his side, his hand propping up his head as he looked down at the detective. Using his spare hand, he began tracing patterns on Sherlock's chest with his finger.
"So cool and collected and not caring about anything or anyone, so yeah," Sherlock said rolling his eyes. "In fact I always wondered what changed. You seemed to be so popular and then you gave it all it up."
"John, how's the book coming?" she called as he was stocking shelves.
Enjoy!
Her face went through several emotions, disbelief, horror, and then finally settled on rage. She raised her arms to tear out of John's grasp, and howled as she broke free. John immediately brought his hands up to protect himself, sure she meant to hit him.
"Chopsticks, please," Sherlock murmured.
Anthea wanted to punch Mycroft. Okay, so that wasn't anything new, but this time she thought that she might actually do it. She wanted to go to prom; the tall, posh git didn't. Because if he had, then they could have gone together and avoided ninety percent of what the bastard had been complaining about.
Toby: You didn't start out as friends?
Finally John could feel it build up higher and higher, until with one shuddering sigh, he came buried deep into Sherlock.
"And Harry is your brother?" Mike asked. "Why can't he help?"
Sherlock was no closer to an answer by the time the session ended. They traded their goodbyes and Sherlock walked back to his empty room, already feeling John's loss like a wound.
Enjoy!
"Yeah," John agreed, "but in those stories they usually invoke God or use spells. But this was just Sherlock telling ghosts to go away with the sheer power of his own will. Frankly I'm surprised that he didn't pass out after the first one." John took a drink of the whiskey. "Is he going to be okay?"
Sherlock let out a shuddering breath. "Oh, God."
He was about two-thirds of the way through the book when there came a strangled cry, and Sherlock snatched the book out of his hands.
John drew up himself up to his full height and said, "I am a doctor and a surgeon, I fought in Afghanistan, I have taken down men bigger than you, and I can break every bone in your body whilst naming them. I am Dr John Watson-Holmes and you are hitting on my
"Yes!" he cried. It well within his budget. He went in and immediately scooped it up before anyone else could.
"Of course you do," Greg muttered. "Well, come on then, gimme."
"Didn't you recognize me?" John goaded.
"Done."
good time after this.
room did John bank the fire and turn in for bed. He let Sherlock borrow his toothbrush, as the other man's belongings were in the Land Rover that had been abandoned when it had stalled out due to the storm. They moved in rhythm and John flashed him a smile in the mirror, causing the young man to blush.
1- Painted Smiles- John and Sherlock were once a comedy duo like Laurel and Hardy or Abbott and Costello, but it's been a long time since they broke up. On the night they are to be award for their contribution to comedy, some things come to light that blow the lid off their relationship. But is it too late for them?
Mycroft's head listed to the side and he brought it back up with a jerk. "You don't care if I don't ever wake up."
John flinched from the pain. "It hurts like hell, and the ghosts can sometimes break the skin with their intent, but they can't do anything that would cause permanent harm."
"Exquisite," John huffed. He took off the pants next, leaving Sherlock bare and wanting.
"There are some things that shouldn't have to be experienced if you can avoid them. You can't always trust the people you think you can rely on," Mycroft pleaded.
"Go on then," Greg said, motioning to the thumb drive with his chin.
Mycroft threw his arms around Greg and kissed him soundly.
This is the final chapter before the fluffy epilogue. It really stressed me out not being able to get this chapter done before Halloween. Lesson learned though, when coming up with a huge idea for a Halloween fic, be sure to start in September. After all, the readers won't know you've been sitting on finished story unless you tell them.
Later, Sherlock lay curled around John on the sofa, their bodies barely fitting as they watching reruns of Connie Prince. Sherlock nuzzled John's ear, he felt a thrill that he was allowed to do this any time he wanted to now.
Sherlock sat back down heavily. He pressed his fingers to his lips and sighed. "This source wouldn't have been Irene Adler, would it?"
"You are the most amazing, incredible creature in this whole world, Sherlock," he breathed into Sherlock's skin.
Sherlock gasped, but his breath was taken by John putting his lips on Sherlock's.
Sherlock chuckled. "I didn't deviate that far from the business, he is a writer after all."
His heart won by default because without Greg realizing it, Mycroft had come to stand in front of him.
"I took to drinking heavily," Greg replied putting his arms on the top of the car, fingers interlaced. "Partying every night. Hitting all the hot spots."
Mycroft grinned at him smugly, "Well that's true."
He was finally done with Christmas shopping, and what's best was the fact that Harry would be pleased.
"That is not the point, however; the point is that this young man was close to my brother and left. He had bought this lovely plantation in India, and Sherlock thought that they were going to go together."
John noticed, but decided not comment. "Hey."
He lugged them up to the cottage Janine had bought with her tabloid money. He left Sherlock to do his exploring like that mongoose in that story he read once as a boy, popping in and out the rooms, leaping over furniture, and opening every drawer and cupboard.
The next time the door opened, it revealed his brother. Gone was the worry and stress that had been plaguing Sherlock since the detective business had hit a slow patch. Before him was the East Wind, the man who would move heaven and hell to get what he wanted.
Sherlock mulled the offer over a moment before he replied, "No." He stood and grabbed his briefcase.
Again the beast whined, but did as he was told.
John's frown deepened. "That's when I got it..."
"Well, he wasn't very frightening," John mumbled.
John thought that Sherlock was the most beautiful creature he had ever laid eyes on.
But this is the last chapter of part one. Enjoy!
Sherlock grabbed John's thighs to steady him. "Are you aware you had an ancestor who fought in the Second Anglo-Afghan war?"
They settled until they were nearly drifting off to sleep when John murmured, "Do you believe in fate?"
This is where the story earns its newly minted mature rating. If that's not your thing, skip down to the first line break and you won't be missing anything other than sexy times. Though why you'd want to....*shrug*
"That would be a crime indeed."
John walked off, but was surprised when Mike caught his arm. "What's up?"
"My brother Mycroft has offered to play in my stead."
Of course, it wasn't meant to last. The teachers had been notified, and they couldn't allow Greg to continue misusing school property. It was at this point in Greg's song that they decided to do something about it.
Bill held up his hands, "Whoa, whoa, wait a minute, what the hell happened that made you give that look?"
Mummy threw open the door so Sherlock could see John, "I suppose this is for you?"
"Go!" he replied, pointing at the door.
They picked a direction and rode off. After a couple mile of silence, Greg spoke up.
Mike took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "So what do we do?" Bertie hadn't just ruined Mycroft and Greg's evening, but Mike's too. And if Bertie had scorched their evening, Mike was willing to bet that he had started by ruining Sherlock and John's.
"So tell me about Bertie," John said as he straddled Sherlock's hips and sat on his lap.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft said in high-pitched voice, miming fairy hand motions.
"Wait!" Mike called. "Don't hang up!"
"You do realize that you are going to have to do book tours to promote your book, right?"
It was Christmas again and John couldn't believe what a year it had been. If someone had told him back then that this year he would be in a relationship with a completely mad detective, he would have laughed, then punched them.
Greg was struck on how absolutely beautiful Mycroft was. He leaned down and Mycroft rose to meet him. They sealed their lips together. Mycroft sank back into the hay, Greg following to keep their lips pressed together.
"The power has gone out," Sherlock muttered. "We have a generator, but it's only for necessities. We aren't out at the estate that often to warrant a bigger one."
She swatted at him playfully, "You'll be gone by next year. I so hoped that I would be able to see France's greatest seat in a quarter of a century."
John took Sherlock's hand. "No one told me. It was all over the news outlets for weeks. 'Genius Dancer Too Stoned to Pirouette' was one of the least creative headlines."
Mycroft had outdone himself with his attire for the evening. The boy tended to favor perfectly tailored waistcoats, and tonight was no exception. The waistcoat and trousers were of a blue-grey. When Mycroft turned around, Greg could see that the silk back of the waistcoat was purple, which looked stunning against the charcoal grey of the boy's button-up shirt. The sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and showed off the bangles and leather bracelets around his thin pale wrists.
"We need to talk," John growled.
John opened his eyes. "I promise, Mycroft, this isn't that. Call it a grand gesture on my part."
David smirked as he threw out both his arms and settled firmly between the women. John wasn't about to let David the Idiot ruin his Christmas. He sat down in the arm chair next to Mary's side of the sofa and quick as wink, grabbed her arm and hauled her on his lap. She let out a startled laugh and then made herself comfortable. Molly looked at David and then rolled her eyes. She stood up and sat next to the tree to pass out presents.
Mycroft opened his eyes to glare at Greg. "Of course." He tried to push away but the second Greg let go, Mycroft crumpled.
"All right..." Greg said, taking the bait.
"Dale!" John greeted cheerfully. "I guess it depends on which one is your idiot."
underselling it."
Anthea sighed and turned back to her locker. She opened it up and a piece of paper fluttered to the ground. She picked up and looked around, wondering who would have put something in her locker. But other than psychotic Jim there was only John Watson, who was chasing Sherlock Holmes and Sally Donovan, who was straight.
"Yeah," Wiggins agreed. "Said he wouldn't do the show otherwise."
"He doesn't like to get close to people anymore because once they find out who he is, they almost
"Hello, John," the apparition muttered, sounding like the politician, but not. The voice that came was weary and rough, like someone who had been crying for hours or someone who hadn't spoken in days.
"I had bad days," John informed him. They stared at each other for a moment and then they both broke down and laughed.
He hung up and pressed his phone to his forehead.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "You always know what to say."
Molly blushed. "He's not so bad and Greg's nice, too. But the older one gives me chills. It's like he can see straight through you."
The motorcycle roared to life beneath him and he rode off, kicking himself for well and truly fucking up his one chance with Mycroft. And just when he was starting to like him.
"I know how to use one just fine, Sherlock," the older of the two brunets sniffed. "The one on our rental was clearly programmed by an idiot. Mummy will be displeased."
Sherlock was destroying his closet. He was searching for the perfect outfit. Last week he had dressed in a such a way to frighten the wholesome John Watson. But John was more interested than intimidated if the fervent glances and near constant lip licking was any indication. So he had tried his other go-to for frightening the masses, deducing their life story. But again John was more impressed than irritated. Then he tried to make John quit by making the lesson as hard as he could, but John actually kept up.
"You're lying," Sherlock bit out.
“It’s my face,” Sherlock growled as he responded back to John.
"I'm game," John agreed.
Not that that helped John's nerves any.
“I have work in the morning, baby,” Cathy said as she hunted around for her bra.
"No, seriously," John said softly, "you look incredible. You really did outdo yourself. I can't wait to be seen as your date tonight."
John sighed. "I know, it feels deeper, more intimate, somehow."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned back to the door when it opened.
"Does Col White still do that twitchy thing with his mustache when he's about to start screaming?" John asked.
have blurted them out loud.
I am really loving this experience. I have never had a full length story (more than 10,000 words) where it was completely finished before I started typing it up and I am enjoying the playing around I get to do. I've been able to rearrange and add to this story because I know where it's going and how it's going to end. And I am so grateful to be able to share it with you at what feels like a breakneck speed.
"So what? And this time was an exception, too?" Mycroft asked, trying to get around Greg, who still refused to budge.
"My car!" Bertie screamed. "What the hell did you do to my car?"
"Only moderately," Sherlock explained. "I don't have to run off, if that's what you're asking."
Sherlock looked around at his friends and tried to sit a little straighter. He'd brought his closest friends so that John wouldn't think he was on a date. Besides Victor, there were Janine and Molly. Molly was a chorus dancer and Janine was a principal dancer. Sitting there glowering at them was Greg.
And Mycroft seethed at the fact that Sherlock had gotten him into trouble.
"He couldn't have," Mrs Hudson said. "You two were still together when it happened. That sounds more like something he would have done
Sherlock murmured his assent.
Greg licked his upper lip, "Yeah? Who?"
"What!" Mummy bellowed.
The publicist was quick on his feet and called out, "John, wait!"
“So how did you meet this guy?” Greg pressed.
Mycroft, Greg, and Sherlock were shocked when John came storming out, followed closely by everyone else in the lodge. Mary was begging John to stay, and there were some very tense faces.
Something that did not make Mary Morstan happy.
Sherlock raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Who?"
He then tore through the kitchen, jotting down brands that they used for the basic items and making a list of what they needed. Next he flew down to the ground floor and knocked on 221A.
"Oh Sherlock," John said mournfully. He reached out and gently took the note from Sherlock and he made to throw the wretched thing into the fire when Sherlock cried out.
"As a friend, you arse," Greg teased. "Now go on, I'm still on the clock and need to get back to work."
Once sufficiently defrosted, the travelers were revealed to be a brunet, an auburn-haired fellow, a blond, and silver-haired man. The blond seemed to be keeping his back to the group of friends.
It's another "long" chapter which I hope will make up for it being so long since I posted. But I do have the last chapter written, it just needs to be typed up and sent to the ever amazing Old Ping Hai. So with any luck, it should be really soon.
He sailed down the stairs and he could hear his mother say, "We aren't done talking about Oxford!"
"Why?" Sherlock asked bitterly.
"Do you know you keep stroking my hair?" he whispered against the doctor's coat.
Before the discussion got too heated Janine stepped between them and turned to John. "So where are we going?"
Hello, my darlings. Did you miss me? I missed you all terribly. The problem I've found, writing depressed, is not knowing exactly how much I have written down, so I'm always surprised how much I actually have when I start typing it up. Which in this case was almost two full chapters. I just have one more scene to write for the next chapter and nine will be up before you know it. Well, you know, provided I don't get sick or forget or whatever.
"Wow," they said together and then giggled.
"And what's that?" Sherlock asked honestly.
Enjoy!
Sherlock chuckled but let John's cock drop out of his mouth.
taking limbs and such things to Mrs. Hudson's bins, John and Greg had insisted.
He took a deep breath and walked into Mycroft's flat. He had assumed it would be like the house in Sussex, but he couldn't have been more wrong. While the house was quite old fashioned in its design, Mycroft's flat was sleek and modern, but not in an abstract, minimalist sort of way. It was very stylish.
"Oh really?" she asked, slyly. "And where is this dinner taking place?"
"Shit," John said, shaking his head. He moved his king out of check. "When did she find out?"
John followed behind, still not sure what was going on. He ducked into the car when she held open the door, her nose still buried in her Blackberry.
"Good."
"That's in the past. You made it. You came out on the other side a better person. And he's just a bitter old man. "
Mary scoffed. "Not us, John. You."
He had done everything he could to make it merry. A tree decorated with mementos of their best cases. The most atrocious Christmas jumpers he could find for both him and John. Filling the air with Christmas music both recorded and played by himself. Holly wreaths and garland gracing their mantelpiece. A Santa hat for the skull. Helping Mrs Hudson with the biscuits. For Christ's sake, he'd even bought Christmas crackers.
"You." He winked at her and then closed the door behind him as she looked on in stunned silence.
John threw down £20 and dashed for the door. Greg looked at the jacket he'd left behind and followed at a slower pace. He had barely gotten to the door when John burst through it again. He took the jacket from Greg with a murmured apology and then was back out into the night.
Sherlock pulled his coat tighter around himself to prevent any further comments on his state. He watched the rest of the match trying to think of everything and anything to make it more bearable, but by the end he was very much in the same condition. He hoped that he could duck out before John caught him so that he didn't have to see the blond like this.
Bertie, however, was unperturbed and pulled out £20. He held it out to Greg.
John's hand was ever present. In his hair, in his hand, on his thigh. It infused Sherlock with a warmth that nestled in his chest.
Sherlock stepped up to John and began the dance.
Anthea raised an eyebrow. "And why would I tell you that?"
"That's because I'm older, I've been in your shoes. Now go out there and dance with all your heart. Show him that no matter who he's with and why, you are worth it."
"I'm elated
John chuckled. "Nope," he said popping the "p".
And their laughter filled the air of that tiny flat kitchen.
He came storming down the stairs and Mike and Divya leapt to their feet. "John?" Divya asked.
"Uncle Sherlock!" he called. "Uncle John!"
"I'll just call Mr Lestrade!" Sally threatened. "Again!"
"Thanks," John said to Molly, Mike, and Mycroft. He got his stuff and got in the back seat. Sherlock, Greg, and Mycroft slid into their seats and they all waved goodbye.
"That's complete bullocks and you know it, Mycroft," John hissed.
Sherlock's grin threatened to split his face. "I, too, occasionally do nice things for the good doctor."
"Mrs Hudson is going to give you hell for that," John reminded him as he put away his pistol.
"I love you," he whispered.
"Ow!" John protested.
"What?" John nearly screeched.
Bertie's lip curled in anger and disgust, "When I pay someone to take out someone's older brother so I can date them, then I best get to date them. Not have them show up to prom with some army brat."
But here we go, a new chapter to go with the new laptop. It was going to be longer but I thought it was better to end it where I did.
Sherlock leaned forward and said softly, "You'd do that for me?"
John looked up to see Sherlock dash out the room like a shot. John cursed and followed, fast on his heels.
John chuckled, "Apparently being the death beneficiary for both my wife and best friend does wonders for one's bank account."
They continued on like this for the better part of an hour, oblivious to the darkening sky.
see. If you have a problem with it, take it up with Sherlock," he said with snarl.
"You can read whatever the hell you want," John continued. "This is your house, and I would be a shit guest if I made fun of anything you enjoyed."
"Why didn't you tell us that you were going to do it?" Mike asked.
Angelo's was the new hit restaurant in town. Exclusive to the extreme and a waiting list that could stretch for months. Sherlock had had his reservation on the books since September and with it nearing the end of December, he was quite looking forward to taking his mother out for her birthday.
"Yeah," Mike huffed and kissed her cheek. "It's because he's blond and a soldier."
Mycroft coughed. "You have my apologies."
Enjoy!
"I've called around and it appears that there has been some flash flooding in the area and it has buried the only major road out of here under about eight feet of water. There are crews trying to prevent further damage, but it's all being directed towards keeping things from getting worse rather than clean up," Sherlock rambled.
He cleared his throat and breathed, "Hey."
"Oh you beautiful creature," he murmured. "I'm going to make you feel so good."
"Thank you," Mycroft replied. "I'd be ever so grateful."
John reached out his hand. Sherlock stared at it a moment and then took it. He whirled to where Milverton was standing, his mouth open in an endless wail.
Sherlock blinked and even Mycroft looked stunned.
Sherlock: I moisturize.
Just then a police car came to a skidding halt on the curb. Lestrade stepped out and Sherlock smiled.
He was too stunned to say anything. James liked Sherlock. Well, would wonders never cease?
But Mrs Hudson just patted his shoulder and went back to tending to business.
So John took a deep breath and opened the door.
"I hope you're not nervous," Bill joked.
ghosts, of course. She hears them from the other side or something.
Just one more chapter go and it is mostly fluff and smut. So...yeah, good stuff.
"In case you thought of yourself as more the ruggedly handsome type," Mike admitted, "You're gorgeous."
The next morning, John was practically vibrating with excitement all through Sherlock Darling's visit. The thinly veiled insults and snarky comments couldn't even dent John's good mood. And when the bell tinkled, heralding Sherlock's exit from the shop, he finally burst.
"No, but now that I know the dynamic, this negotiation will be a cakewalk," Sherlock replied. "That is, if we even decide to stay with them."
They nuzzled for a moment. "All right, I can tell that you really want to tell me how he paid for things," John muttered. "So go on, impress me."
in trouble."
He finally got up the nerve to knock and opened the door to Mummy's "Come in!" before he could bail.
"Stoic military type. Quiet," John explained. "If you go in for that."
Out of the corner of his eye, Greg saw Mycroft start to lean too far off the bench and dashed to catch him again.
Bill looked down at the chart in his hand and sighed. "We've all seen things out here that no one would believe. Be it ghosts or spirits or whatever the hell you want to call them."
Sherlock could barely draw in breath before John was crossing the floor to stand next to him.
"Oh," Sherlock murmured, walking across the floor to step on the coffee table and over to the sofa where he traced the bullet holes with his finger. "The wall had it coming."
Greg let out a low whistle.
"Bye, Mummy," Mycroft muttered before slamming the front door behind him.
"I could devour you," John whispered in Sherlock's ear.
"I have," Sherlock said with a grin. "Two thousand twelve, gold medal, in fact. And before you ask, I also know a thing or two about books, but I don't feel the need to flash my credentials, especially to you."
And here we have the second to the last chapter, the resolution of the cliffhanger. It's a very fluffy. The whole thing. I hope you enjoy.
"Oi! John doesn't get the joke!" Greg barked.
"What? The flower?" John asked. Sherlock nodded. "I figure we speak better with flowers than anything else."
Greg licked his lips. That was a much better idea. "Done."
"Doesn't make it any less against the rules," John contested.
"No," he bit out. "Not that it's
"What the hell was that?" John asked Mary after a moment of silence.
"Yeah," Greg breathed and suddenly he couldn't breathe at all. Mycroft was kissing him. He sighed and put his arms around him.
As they got into John's car, Mike asked, "Hey how did you get a car?"
Apparently the doctor had decided to dress nicely for Sherlock's party. He was wearing dark jeans, a blue plaid button up and a black v-neck jumper. Sherlock's pulse began to race as his mind threatened to derail.
John patted around for the bottle as he continued his ministrations. When he found it at last, he fumbled with the cap on handed before Sherlock took pity on him and opened it for him.
"I think it would be better if Mrs Hudson hired more people at the shop," John continued once their waiter left. "Then I could have a day off once in awhile." He rubbed his eyes warily. "I don't mind the hours most days, but it's just me and her, and when it gets busy I honestly wish I could clone myself."
And there was John's
Toby: Yep.
John looked up to see the strange soldier just standing there, but he never seemed to get further away.
Sherlock gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze and he and John left. As Sherlock was getting into John's car, Mummy came out and sat down next to Mycroft.
"I'm sorry, Mike. But it's lovely to be up here."
"John!" Sherlock cried, as he came dashing out of the sitting room to the front hall. He skidded to a stop at the sight of the bride with the two guns, her mouth a twisted, garish line.
By the time John's brain had come back on line, Sherlock was almost at the house, so he let out a whoop.
Sherlock draped himself over John's shoulders and sighed heavily. "Tedious."
John's smile turned predatory. "You better bring your A game, Sherlock, if you want to play games with me."
He suddenly found himself with an armful of consulting detective. He soothed Sherlock as the heart-breaking sobs of when he came in changed to the tears of a man who had been given the greatest gift of all.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John's mouth softly.
Deciding to ignore her, he turned on the shower and once the water was hot enough, dropped his robe. Her gaze never faltered, but neither did it change from the same blank stare.
"He's only attacked you, you must have incurred his wrath somehow," Sarah replied, once she got herself under control.
Mycroft led his horse out of the stable and out onto the polo pitch, where most of the team had already assembled. He mounted the horse and clicked his tongue to spur the animal into motion.
Mummy threw her hands in the air and went to answer the door. On the other side was a young man in a white suit coat with black tie and trousers.
"That will certainly stir the pot," John said, impressed. "But that's going to extend things, isn't it?"
Instantly the screaming started back up again, and bravely soldiering on, he walked into the room. Sherlock and Anderson trailed behind. Sherlock looked around and couldn't see anything.
Sherlock buried his head in his hands. "I'm not going to exploit an innocent, even if he has offered himself up as sacrificial lamb."
"What has got your knickers in a twist this morning?" Sherlock asked with a frown.
"One day, Mr Gruner, someone is going to bitch-slap you," Mr Lyons replied. "And I won't do a thing to stop it." He turned back to Mycroft. "And while we're on the subject of 'intelligent' writers, perhaps we should ask why there isn't
He was a tall man with dark red hair and deep blue eyes. He was broad-shouldered and cut a fine figure in his three-piece suit.
It took John longer than he would have liked to convince Sherlock to come with him to Mike and Divya's wedding. It look a lot of begging, pleading, and maybe more emotional blackmail than was strictly fair. But he couldn't help it. He wanted to show up at this wedding where there would be a lot of his friends and show them that not only was he doing fine since Christmas, but that he was with Sherlock. Wasn't that just a kick in teeth? He couldn't believe how lucky he had been.
"I do, more than anything."
They sat cuddling for a moment. "I hope you don't mind, but I checked into your ghosts," Sherlock remarked casually.
"Next time, John, next time," Sherlock murmured.
Enjoy!
Sherlock shrugged. "It's simple chemistry, John. Once you understand that, it becomes very easy. That Alton fellow is quite clever."
They cleaned up and went to sleep in John's bed.
"God, yes," Sherlock agreed.
"What?" Victor asked. "I am perfectly willing to third-wheel it. I have a boyfriend, I can text him if they get too gooey."
Mike had to do something. This was just too painful to watch. He looked at Divya and his round face lit up like the Christmas tree.
"So, I have a strange question," John began.
John nodded and they made their way to the front door, walking in step with each other. Anderson followed behind, close but not in their way.
"My father was kind," Mycroft growled. "I am not kind. Not where Sherlock Holmes is concerned. Get. In. The. Car."
Sherlock whipped around, his trademark coat whirling about his long legs like a perfect fan. "I'm not shortening it," he hissed. "'Unmasking the Supernatural' is only part of the title and to shorten it is plain idiocy."
"Right, how about Go Fish instead?" he asked after the moment of silence had stretched between them for too long.
"No, seriously," Prof Smallwood said sternly, "what
"Trust your instincts, Cap," Murray warned. "They haven't steered you wrong yet."
"I plan on taking you apart, inch by glorious inch," John breathed into Sherlock's neck, the dancer moaning as his eyes drifted close.
John punched out Greg's number and snarled into the phone what Sherlock had said.
"Oi! Carry your own stuff!" Greg growled.
"Christ, Mike. That was amazing," John said.
"But this is his life. His existence. I'd be hating a major part of him."
"Fuck," John groaned, struggling to sit up. Sherlock grabbed his arm and helped him into an upright position.
"I have no plans of going even if someone did ask me to," Mycroft stated proudly. "And you shouldn't either. Why do you even want to go?"
"Hey," John greeted. "How's Cork?"
A small smile graced the doctor's lips and as he drifted off to sleep, he murmured, "I love you."
Sherlock chuckled warmly. "I know." He winked at John and
a freak storm and I won't be able to get back to London for
An hour later and a hundred copies in hand, Mike and John let loose the new fliers saying that Sarah's party was now a BYOB and that it would be the place to be.
John looked down. He was standing on both feet equally, his hand clenched, his back ram-rod straight. He felt more alive in that moment than he had in months.
"Well, what do you know, you can be modest," John teased.
John's grin slipped off his face and he shifted to free one of his arms to cover Sherlock's hand with his own.
"I'll get it out of you, Sherlock Holmes," Irene purred. "I have my ways."
"I hate it when you make me laugh
"Fuck," John breathed. "Anyone I know?"
Twenty minutes later...
"I could just ride the horse back to the school and have the owners pick him up there," Greg said with a smile.
Sherlock spent the rest of the day humming happily to himself, a small smile on his face.
After a bit of arguing, the women agreed to share the largest room, with Greg and Mycroft taking the smallest, David took the sofa, much to John's relief, leaving him with Mike and Sherlock.
But the stipulations did nothing to dampen Sherlock's glee. He was on his way to his first party.
older brother, but when you are seven years older than your sibling, sometimes you come across as more of a father figure than an older brother. So Sherlock talks to me. And oh boy, does he talk about
"I happen to know that Sherlock Holmes is allowed to date provided his brother, Mycroft, does," Mike said, triumphantly.
John opened his mouth to mention the stranger, but there was something in the glint of the eyes of his friend that made him close it quickly. What made him stop? Marrow leaned forward, just a little, and John got the feeling that maybe Marrow wasn't as friendly as he appeared.
"Don't worry, boss," the street rat said rubbing his hands together. "We've got something real special for him."
"Welcome back, Mr Lestrade," Mrs Hudson said, standing up. "I see we're making these visits of yours weekly."
Molly sighed. "I don't need your help, David."
He walked up to her and said, "John Watson, are you here for me?"
He loved Christmas. Really. It was his favorite holiday, it just this whole year was getting him down. He was going it alone this year and he couldn't get into the Christmas spirit.
"Thank you for battling that troll for me. I would have said something in the shop, but Mrs Hudson would have started planning our wedding if I had.-SH"
"What the hell happened to you?" she asked, looking down and holding her hands up.
Sherlock threw a couple of leather-bound books on top. "He's old fashioned, he prefers to write things down. So the blue one is his diary and the other is his contacts." He continued to walk around the room. Then he dropped a couple of concert tickets on top of the records, "Here are some tickets to the band he listens to the most. He always buys one for Anthea to go, too."
"Well, sort of," Sherlock replied with a blush. "It's a mock-up of the real thing. But it does have the full book in there."
"For after dinner," Sherlock explained, holding up the bottle.
Mary, Molly, and David were relieved that they were leaving at last. Though for Molly it was a jumbled bag of emotion, she mostly felt relief. Divya was right, she needed to like herself before she started crushing on every handsome, single man who paid attention to her for two seconds.
"Good memory," Sherlock replied. "Mainly with what you ask for but also...a teensy bit of card counting."
Toby: Really? Why that one?
Bertie took a swing and nailed John right in the jaw. John fell to the floor and Bertie yelled, "Come on!"
