Tony’s luck appears to be never-ending tonight. No one stops him and asks him just what the fuck his problem is, even the policeman he knocks shoulders with on fifth street. Apparently, not a single person wants to talk with the (supposedly dead) Tony Stark. Then again, he hasn’t seen his reflection, and can’t imagine the black bruises he can feel throbbing on his face are very helpful to identifying him.
“No, do tell me just what the hell I’m supposed to do in this situation. I’m open to suggestion,” Steve spits. Bruce looks taken aback, though he quickly schools his expression into resignation. When Steve looks around and sees everyone else has done the same, staring at him with a vacant look, it just makes him impossibly angrier. How can anyone not be angry right now? “Because I have to live the rest of my life without him. We all do. And I don’t know what the fuck I, or any of us, have to do so badly in the face of that.”
Steve didn’t want him. Obviously. He knew that. Tony had known that, had always known that, would always know that. He’d known, and yet he’d tried to kiss him. Because he was an idiot. He’d made the man uncomfortable, and probably ruined their friendship which was just starting to get somewhere—Steve had just started coming down unprompted to the workshop with a sketchpad just a month ago.
Was Jarvis ready? Maria? Howard? Yinsen?
Because they could. When Steve wanted it so bad, and he respected their opinions so much, they stood a real chance at making him turn around and kiss Tony like he had any idea how to.
“I don’t— I don’t understand,” Steve says, shaking his head. It doesn’t make sense. “Tony, where are you?”
“Evidently,” Tony responds sarcastically, seeing as he’s still (unfortunately) alive. “Do we have a perp on scene? Or are they making my life unnecessarily difficult?”
Tony comes home.
“What are you smilin’ about?” Steve asks, but he’s smiling, too.
But Tony understands people say things they don’t mean in the heat of the moment and he doesn’t hold it against Steve. Steve, who tastes like fresh water. Steve, who slips into a Brooklyn accent when he’s flustered.
“Hold my hand, Mom,” he’d whispered to her, remembering all the times Jarvis had done the same for him. Comforted him when he was scared. It was all Tony could do to just try to stomach the sadness when he thought of how Jarvis should have been holding his hand, but couldn’t anymore. His palms were a Lord’s kingdom away, or so they told him. Tony pled, because he didn’t know what else to do, “You’ll feel better, Mom. I promise. Just hold my hand.”
“JARVIS will run it while you’re out,” she replies, completely unmoved by his protests.
And Tony wondered how he thought anything had ever mattered (his own mortality, his worries about heaven and hell, whether or not life itself was worth the pain of living) before this, because it was crystal clear to him in that moment that none of it meant anything if death caught his kid before Tony did.
The AI was, predictably, unamused. “I also believed Captain Rogers’ intent to be romantic. His vital signs were elevated in a manner that suggested typical male arou---”
“In all honesty, I think I was looking for Howard when I met you,” Steve had admitted, eyes adamantly trained on the pencil he was flipping much too quick for comfort through his fingers. “I just wanted--- I don’t know, maybe it’s stupid. But I just wanted a piece of the past, y’ know? Something like home.”
He’s just coming around to realizing how there’s two very connotations to the word found when reality slips out from beneath him like a cruelly yanked rug.
I will. I promise.
He’s not forgetting now, though. Now he knows. It’s practically all he knows. He’s learned the hilarious lesson. Earned penance for his prior lack of humor about the situation by constantly aching in a way that only the weakest of the weak do.
The next few weeks are weird, to say the least.
It’s kind of nice. And also so, so fucking weird.
But then the Accords had happened. Civil war. Siberia. That fucking shield stuck in his aching chest only to be wrenched back out till he was defenseless.
Sliding all his vodka bottles out of view onto the floor beneath his bed was no easy task to accomplish in just a few seconds, but he’d had practice over the thousands of dorm searches over the years.
JARVIS alerts him to a screen notification that indicates the arrival of the cops, so Tony finally feels comfortable enough to turn around and get some sweet, sweet preemptive revenge for the migraine he’s about to be nursing for the next few days.
It didn’t much work.
Steve, with the andromedas in his irises.
“Yes, Sir. I am well aware.” And at least the AI sounds satisfied when he answers so Tony knows they can get some actual work done now.
Tony was tempted by sleep, but before he could get there, two angry voices through the wall woke him back up. He recognized one instantly as his father, and felt a rush of fear, but struggled to place the other. It seemed vaguely familiar, though he was sure he’d never heard it before.
“Sir, this is for your own health. To my records, you haven’t slept in over ninety-six hours for a period longer than fifteen minutes at a time. I’m simply protecting you, as I was designed by you to do.”
please enjoy!!
“Shut the fuck up,” Tony snarls, winding a metal hand around Ass Clown’s throat, effectively blocking the grating sound. “You piece of fucking shit, I should fucking kill you, I should put you six feet into the ground you fucking piece of fucking shit---”
“Pete? You okay?” Tony asked, tentative. When there was no response, he continued, firmer, “Peter? Come in. What’s—“
The world comes into focus slowly, sluggishly, in the way it only ever does when you’re waking up from a restless sleep. Steve can do nothing but wait, wonder how he lost Tony in the space of his own head, and watch the ceiling tiles sew themselves together above him.
“I know, Tony,” Rhodey said, voice steady, and it made Tony calm just a little to hear the meaningless platitude. “I know.”
Death be damned.
“There are children in the building, Tony!” Peter interrupted, and oh fuck. Oh fuck. The kid never called him by his first name. But then, an audible calm came over the comms. Tony knew what that meant. Peter was calming because he had an idea. An idea Tony was going to hate, no doubt. “I’m gonna cover the bomb with my suit— it might be enough—“
He can’t
Out of morbid curiosity, Tony turns a little to Natasha. He sees her perched on the windowsill; hands tucked in close to her chest like they’re cradling her heart. Her eyes are red rimmed, hair a wild mess. She doesn’t look away from his gaze, like if she does he’ll disappear. Next to her sits Clint, bow in hand, watching out the window with a protectiveness unlike even his usual paranoia.
“What are you talking about?” The sympathetic voice came closer, and he heard then felt Steve prop him upright on the desk behind him. It felt weird. He almost started laughing. “What’s so funny?”
Maybe it was a cowardly thing to do. But Steve couldn’t take that chance (a certainty, really— we’re talking about Tony motherfucking Stark, here.) So he ran.
But oh, God, did he want it.
He just can’t. Not even when the people that love him most ask him to. He just can’t.
Steve, never one to question a good thing, just pulls Tony in deeper.
“Hang on, kid!” he’d yelled, hoping the speakers were loud enough to carry his voice through the raging wind. He doubted it, but he couldn’t stop himself. Peter had to know he was coming, had to know he wasn’t going to die, had to never feel the same demon Tony did, and never understand what it felt like to break all the bones in his body against the hard cement. “Almost there!”
“Oh, Tony,” she sighed, setting down her briefcase so her arms were free to wrap around him. She just threaded one hand through his hair and cradled the other around the back of his neck; pushing his sobs against the soft sweater around her stomach. “It’s okay.”
Rhodey would go with him quite a lot. He’d only ever met Maria in passing if she came by to the apartment for Tony, and a few times at school funding events that she philanthropated at. But he came with Tony; drove him in his new car that Tony bought him (Rhodey gave in pretty easy when Tony started talking about the safest models at the dealership) and stood a few feet back while his best friend talked to his mom.
“Right away, Sir.” Tony knows he’s not imaging how cold the AI manages to sound. Goddammit. Now he’s gotta apologize to a computer (why the fuck he had to make him so sensitive, he’ll never know)— but later, because he’s already wasted precious time. “A detonation occurred roughly two moments ago from the first floor of the building shortly after your exit. It’s reasonably assumable that the bomb’s effects were intended for you, but were unsuccessful.”
Yeah. It’s safe to say that Tony is having a really, really bad day.
“Yeah, pumpkin!” he asks, wiping the sleep from his eyes. Goddamn. He loves his kid. He really does. But he also loves naps.
Howard had given a grunt of begrudging approval, someone who knows he’s been beat.
“Can he breathe?” Steve finds himself gasping, out of his control. He really can’t get air into his chest right now, and all he’s thinking about is whether or not Tony feels the same. Because Steve is worried about him because he has to worry because Tony is still alive and can be hurting. He can still be alive and not be breathing. “Can he breathe where he is, Jarvis?”
And that’s enough, he tells himself. He doesn’t need Steve. He’s got a few people who think Iron Man is useful enough to keep around. Maybe not “Tony,” but definitely his metal-booted extension of himself. Even in all his suffocating self-loathing, has to admit that when he’s in the suit, he’s a pretty badass addition to the team. It’s just when he steps out of it, is all, that he becomes next to worthless again.
Steve jerked back like he’d been fucking shot, springing up from where he’d been kneeling so fast that it made Tony’s head hurt just washing it. Not a strip of skin on the man wasn’t flushed violently red.
It’s been a few months since they were all last together— life is busy for just about everyone except Steve and Tony, who’ve decided they’ve donated enough for the cause to earn the privilege of taking some hard-earned time off.
Because it’s not Natasha, looking down at him.
The explosion ripped, muffled, but strong enough to rattle air and shatter the windows, enveloping the room in a blistering heat. Tony lost control almost instantaneously as the impact reverberated through the space. He started to spiral into the floor (Peter still protected, albeit exposed) right before they made it out.
They’re trying to be careful; it’s obvious Tony is injured and Steve is in no state to be getting out of hand, but they’re fire and gasoline. Steve douses the ground and Tony strikes a match. Each gasped breath between desperate kisses is an inferno. They’re burning alive.
And when Tony tried to tell him he didn’t have to save him, that he wasn’t worth the trouble, Rhodey would say something like, “If you stopped making trouble, then there wouldn’t be any trouble,” (Tony knew he didn’t really mind keeping him alive, it was just seeing his friend be sick all the time when he didn’t have to be that bothered him) and keep on taking care of poor, alcoholic Tony like there was nothing to it.
It’s not an exaggeration to say it feels like they fucking deep-fried his arms and legs in hot, sparkling oil. It burns something terrible, and Tony’s screaming before he can mute the helmet’s speakers, before he can stop the world from knowing just how bad it hurts.
They all laugh a little, breathing in the thick pine air on each inhale, and revel in how everything just feels alright.
Was anyone ever?
“Tony---” Rhodey had said from somewhere above him, a cautionary edge to his voice. But Tony was angry. And he wasn’t even anywhere close to done, yet.
Tony’s been in about a dozen hostage situations, and the one thing they all have in common is how fucking annoying they are. And terrifying. But mostly annoying as shit.
“I was wrong, Stark,” he started, brows furrowed in an apologetic crease, one hand coming up to rest on that incredibly, magnificently broad chest. Jesus Christ, he sounded so painfully sincere. “And I’m---”
And the reason it’s so fucking hysterical is that a month ago, just one goddamn month ago, he was worried he was too strong. He fretted over his body; began to resent the fact that he had become a lethal weapon--- shiny shield unnecessary, just an optional accessory. He never really cared about that before, even though he knew it.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, sounding far louder and more vivid than he had been in Tony’s other dreams. Maybe he was just further down the hallucinogenic line, Tony figured. “Oh, God—“
“I could make us all some tea?” Bruce offers, heartfelt but see-through. “Steve, you haven’t eaten in a day. With your metabolism—“
None of it meant anything if Peter goddamned Parker died today.
Rhodey was good like that.
Tony had believed his whole life that luck favors the prepared. Anyone shocked to know he had a plan in place for this kind of situation didn’t know him at all.
“Everybody’s here! Get up!” With that, little Maria Margaret Rogers-Stark takes off like a bat out of hell towards their little cabin door.
“Will you go look for him if he’s not back soon?” Tony says, looking to Steve. “I think I’m entitled to worry.”
“Jesus Christ.” There’s the sound of clinking that sounds suspiciously like the metal casings of the injecting paralytics he designed for her last week, but when he tries to get up, she just shoves him back down with a frankly worrying ease. “I didn’t want to do this, but you’re not gonna sleep any other way.”
Not gone as in dead. God, if that were true, Tony doesn’t know what the hell he’d do. No, Steve’s gone as in taken. As in a month ago, Steve went in for a stupid, stupid, not-fucking-worth-it SHIELD mission and didn’t come back. As in Fury called a meeting and told them maybe Steve wasn’t ever going home; his whole strike team was found dead in an alley but Steve’s body wasn’t there, Tony, so he might be alright, Tony, he has to be alright so you have to keep looking, Tony.
“I loved him!” he yells, and fuck it’s really hitting now. The weight of what he doesn’t have anymore, sinking down through his skin, crushing his organs, flatlining his heart. He thinks of Tony’s smile, and he thinks this is what it’s like to be buried alive. “I loved him— and he’s never gonna know! I can’t fucking tell him! I’ll never get to tell him!”
He really wakes up then; tries to lift himself up from the bed where he’s lying down, attempting to get his elbows beneath him, ignoring the ache in his ribs as he goes.
Death loomed over his shoulder, but he didn’t fear her.
For the first time in his life, Tony was braver than her. Because Peter belonged to the living. He belonged with Tony, and his Aunt, and his friends. In that moment and any moment after that could endanger the loss of that, he was stronger than death. Better.
Tony looked around again, at his little family. They were all okay. They all would be okay in the world he’d helped to bring about.
Tony just watches him. Cold. Unempathetic. Lifeless, in all the ways that Tony has never been before. In the only way that Tony will ever be now.
“Bruce will be here in under a minute— just keep those eyes open, soldier. You listening? Steve? Steve? Don’t leave me, please. Not again, please. Steve?”
“Right, yeah, sorry,” he scrambled, ducking his head, trying to spare whatever rapidly dwindling pride he had left. In this way--- in this one small, insignificant way--- he hated Steve. The guy turned him into an absolute idiot; outstripped his wits with just a few well-placed words, a glance at that earnest expression and he was fucked. It was self-esteem-problem inducing.
And Steve.
The thing is, though, that she didn’t know morse. She hadn’t sat down with him to help him decipher dashes and dots as Jarvis had. The butler that became his best friend had tapped on the table, things like “-.-- --- ..- / .- .-. . / ... --- / ... -- .- .-. - (you are so smart)” and “-.-- --- ..- / .- .-. . / ... --- / ... -- .- .-. - (I believe in you).” Smiled when he got it right and smiled even when he got it wrong. Didn’t yell like his dad.
And Tony’s heard just about e-fucking-nough of this, so he clenches his wrist to fire the repulsor, killing the idiot where he stands.
There’s nothing.
Her footsteps echo on the floor for a few seconds, coming closer and closer, stopping when he can feel someone standing above him on the couch.
The blow only made the aching in his head impossibly worse, like his brain was in a blender. But worse than that pain came the guilt. Tony knew he shouldn’t feel wounded as deep as he did since it was received from this asshole, but the familiar sickness still sank down deep into his stomach; settled there heavy.
‘Worst’ couldn’t describe what it felt like.
“Worry about yours, and come help me with mine later,” Tony cut in. Given the opportunity, Spider-Man could ramble for hours. “These teenagers and their technology…”
“Let’s play ball,” Tony quips.
And Steve closes his eyes so he doesn’t have to see that dead body drop onto the floor, or have to feel like Tony just stole his last hope at coming out the other side of this half the man he was when he came in.
Steve reaches with limbs that act on their own accord, hardly in control of himself. He pulls an unexpectant Tony into his arms, hugs him tight against his chest, drops his head into the mess of Tony’s hair and just breathes.
He didn’t fight. He ran.
“When we’re out together dancing cheek to cheek,” Steve finished, all in that lovely low register that drove Tony fucking nuts.
Like Tony.
The suits spreads itself up his body from his wrist watch at his command, covering him in the familiar and comfortable armor. Lights flash in front of his face, verifying identity before the schematics explode in front of him to show all available information about the situation.
Tony struggles beneath her incredibly heavy hand (Jesus, what’s she bench pressing these days?) to no avail. He resorts to pleading pathetically fast. “C’mon, Nat… I just worked out this new location algorithm— let me run it just once and then I’ll go to sleep, alright? It’ll just take a few seconds.”
“How are you feeling, Tony?” There’s a click of some buttons behind him before his bed is elevating into a reclined position; finally bringing the world into focus. The doctor bustles around, checking his IV’s (he didn’t know he had IV’s, god fucking dammit he hates IV’s.) “Hopefully a little less concussed?”
Tony couldn’t. But he did. Because Steve had asked.
Poor kid, though he seemed to grasp what was going on, was scared out of his mind.
Tony isn’t breathing in his dreams. He’s bloody, bruised, purple, veins exploding from his face in violent shades of green and blue. Not to mention his eyes— the eyes that move, but never blink. A dead man’s eyes.
“Aren’t you old enough to be calling me Tony?” he asks, just to be an asshole. He knows Peter’s answer.
“I’m fine,” Steve says, flat. He isn’t hungry. He isn’t thirsty. He isn’t tired. He isn’t anything. Why they’re all pretending that life is going to go on fine for him after this, Steve has no fucking clue.
“Cap,” Bruce says. And there’s so much in that nickname. There’s worry, reproach, pain, concern, grief. How Tony used to say it when he had to tell him something hard to hear. It makes him ache even more. “We’re just worried about you. These are hard times for everyone; I understand that. But you have to—“
His knees gave out as if they could no longer bear the weight of Tony’s body. Maybe they couldn’t. He didn’t even brace for the fall, just waited to collide with the ground because at the very least, physics was supposed to still make sense.
Some place with his hands tied behind him, duct tape over his mouth.
And it falls straight off.
Where’s the air
Steve and Tony got off on the wrong foot.  It wasn’t anyone’s fault, and it didn’t exactly take a prophet to predict that a man from the 1940s and the world’s leading futurist would have a couple of compatibility issues.
He’s so beautiful. And he’s alive.
Falling out the twenty story window while Tony watched him, as if in slow motion; the kid’s innocent eyes blown wide, face an expression of pure, instinctual terror. The face of someone seeing death.
Tony examines the scene, feels relief that he was the last one out of the building to avoid civilian casualties, but tenses when he becomes aware of the crowd that’s amassed behind him. They’re snapping pictures his armor, oblivious to the danger they’re in and seemingly indifferent to the fact that they’re within a hundred feet of an active fire.
He’s tired. So tired, and so ashamed, and so angry at himself that he can’t find Steve, can’t apologize for fucking everything up.
“I’m in love with you.”
“Don’t talk back to your old man. I’m feeble and tired,” Tony shot back, but there was no real heat in his tone. He loved that kid like he was his own (and wasn’t he, by now?) Peter knew it, too, if his light laugh crackling through the comms was anything to go by. “So what’s your plan, kid?”
And Tony wanted a different endgame.
But they put a cast around it. Because they were the Avengers. They had to pretend, at least publically, that they weren’t aching just as bad or maybe even worse than everyone else.
The oven, timers, alarms, cell phone. It can never be something peaceful and kind that draws him into consciousness. It’s always annoying as all living fuck.
“If that’s what it takes, Pep,” he said, staring at her expression. She looked furious of course, but more than that. Scared. He softened a little, slumping into his chair in defeat. “I don’t want to die,” he quietly admitted. “But I know— I just know, that I have to keep doing this. Call it cosmic or call me crazy, but it’s like destiny. I don’t have a choice. I can’t stop. I’m sorry.” He watched with abruptly watering eyes (Jesus, Tony, pull it together) as her face resolved into some sad kind of sympathy. And goddamn him, he really started crying then. “I’m sorry, Pep. I am. I’m—“
He can’t
“Don’t worry,” Tony placates, remembering just how awful some of the green concoctions his old friend made could taste. “Maria is on a real cheeseburger kick lately.”
He’s alive.
“Tony, I—“ Steve begins, rattling Tony from his thoughts. “I want to tell you something. Something I’ve been thinking about for a long time.”
Don’t waste your life, Stark.
“Why? Why not, Tony?” Steve questioned, sounding fucking heartbroken and way to go Tony you’re about to make Captain fucking America cry. “It’s true. I mean it, I love—“
It’s Tony.
Steve feels just as helpless as he watches Tony’s expression devolves from instinctual fury and anxiety into comprehension, shock, pity, while he looks back at him, running his calculating gaze up and down Steve’s new (or, old, technically) body. Steve doesn’t have to be a mind reader to know what the genius is thinking.
It’s never a normal gun.
Tony hardly gave half a shit when a glowing woman carried them through space; maybe even hoped he’d fall into a wakeless sleep before they got home. Because he had left Peter. Peter wasn’t coming home with him.
“We can’t breathe,” he whispers to her, as loud as he can through his empty chest. He closes his eyes because everything starts to spin and swirl and make no sense anymore. “Tony… I can’t breathe!”
And that hurts. Though Tony would like to preserve his pride— say he’s a man of reason and knows logically that they have to do it sooner rather than later. But it still smarts like his ribs when he takes a breath to think of how sad it all is. He came from a family that didn’t love him, though he searched high and low for their affection (studied every subject to please his father, learned Italian for his mom) and still came up short. At least he can say he was honorable with the Avengers. He loved them for no sake other than to love them. He protected them, cared for them, built for them, lived for them— and never once asked for or expected anything in return.
Steve hears the snap of Ass Clown’s neck more than he sees it.
“Cute?” was his eloquent response, because most of his consciousness was split between the two objectives of remembering how to push oxygen into his lungs and trying to memorize the perfect blue of his unrequited love’s eyes. Oh, God. He was fucked.
“No, I mean really? Is everything fine?”
Tony grimaces and nods a little (feels the elastic pull of bandages on his face when he does so.)
Steve thinks, if this is how they die, he’s alright with that.
She laughed a little at that; the sound wet and teary.
Oh, shit. Maybe he was laughing.
“You’ll what, Jarvis? What will you do? I can fire you.”
“Rememb’r when we fought?” Tony finally got out, huffing a little as he did so. He was almost too drunk to not notice how Steve tensed at that, but he noticed. When he reached for a bottle to rectify the situation, however, his fingers were just encased in Steve’s warm hand. Imprisoned.
He wants to live.
He finds Tony’s staring at him like he’s the sun; like he’s having a world altering epiphany or being born again under a new god.
“I love you— I’m so sorry,” Steve sobs. He doesn’t know when he started crying, gets the feeling he might have been the whole time, but he can’t stop. He can’t stop, and he’s so sorry.
“You--- you shouldn’t be in here!” Howard had slurred in a rage, getting to his feet slowly but surely. “You… You never, never listen! I’m gonna-- I’m gonna make you listen!” Tony was too afraid to move, even though he had time to. He just stood stock still till his dad wound clumsy hands into the lapels of his shirt, shook him around something awful. “What the hell do you have to say for yourself?”
He wipes at his eyes so he can see a little clearer, looks up to Natasha with what has to be the wobbliest, most fake smile in the world.
“Yeah, I get that,” Tony says, as if it’s an obvious and dismissable thing to say. “I just don’t get why you’re so upset.”
Because he’d won. He had the most wonderful son (Peter), the most caring family (Pepper, Rhodey.) And he had had the best love. He had Steve.
Steve kisses him back.
Confused, Steve just tilts his head. “I don’t—“
And not just the kind of bad day where nothing seems to go right, he’s tired and angry, or Clint falls out of the vent in his workshop, lands rather ungracefully (meaning he completely faceplants) onto his glass table, and destroys the intricate project he’s been working on for the past five hours. In fact, the day he’s having sucks so much that that little scenario sounds like heaven right now.
“Incredible,” someone--- a man, by the sound of it--- says from somewhere above him, perversely giddy at his breathing difficulty (he’s too busy coughing his lungs up onto the ground to look up and determine their exact identity at the moment. He also doesn’t really give a shit. Just another heaping-piece-of-Nazi-scum that wants to stick another fucking needle in him.) “I can hardly believe it— he’s worse than normal, he’s under average! This is groundbreaking, impossible—“
“Nothin,” Tony shrugs, pulling on the boots he keeps tucked beneath the couch because he’s domestic like that now. Once he’s got them good and laced, he turns over, kisses Steve on his stupidly beautiful bearded mouth and gets up. “I’m just happy. That’s all.”
“Oh, I’m at the front,” the man responds, still somehow unbothered. He just smiles, shakes that dumb bald head. “I’ve waited a long time for this.”
And it was worth it, because Tony heard a voice. The voice that made him invent time travel, shift realities, move the world over just to hear it again.
“You’re so funny, Mister Stark,” Peter said, deadpan, though Tony could hear him working a little faster over the comm line. “Anyone ever tell you that you should be a stand-up—“
A pregnant, questioning pause filled the air before Steve asked, obviously confused, “I don’t think I’m following?”
He thinks he hears the elevator door open, and he knows it does when several voices fill the room but he doesn’t really care because he
Steve looks nervous— an unusual thing to see. He’s got his big hands tucked into pockets, his shoulders hunched in awkwardly, face tilting tilted toward the ground. Tony can practically feel the anxiety rolling off him in waves. It makes him uncomfortable. And sad.
“Don’t,” Steve cut in, and Tony wasn’t trying to look at him, promise (he knew he had a tendency to stare when it came to Steve), but he sounded genuinely upset so the genius just couldn’t stop himself. Imagine his surprise when Steve, who usually didn’t much look up from his sketchpad during their talks, was staring back at him; jaw tensed in concern, eyes like two circles of blue, passionate flames. “I hate it when you do that.”
So worried Steve’s hurt. Or worse.
The cold chill of the early spring wind bites at his exposed arms; nipping up his neck and bringing tears to his eyes, but Tony smiles despite the discomfort. Because he did it. He fought his way free. Not for the first time either. Houdini has nothing on him at this point.
“No,” she agrees, leveling him with an exasperated glare. She looks tired; slumped up against the walls, shoulders slouched. She’s been looking for too long, too. “But we also can’t be running ourselves into the ground, now can we?”
The bed he’s been lying on moves then, shifting him up from his horizontal position into a reclined sit. It’s a little more dignified. Not that Steve really gives a shit about that or anything else right now.
Apparently, Captain America eats all his greens (Steve can’t stand asparagus), and obeys all the laws (Steve might be the most treasonous fuck in the country), and most importantly: he never runs from anything. Captain America faces his problems head on. He feels no fear.
Harsh, harsh silence follows.
“Let’s just take it easy, huh?” Steve suggests, smiling so soft and gentle that Tony’s head goes fuzzy for a second. “You’ve been through a lot in the past few days.”
He’s laboring the day (or maybe night, he’s not really sure) away in his workshop, sewing together a new kind of fabric for Bruce’s uniform with the utmost concentration when Steve walks through the door— not holding his notebook in hand.
Because he couldn’t lose Peter. He wouldn’t.
“You’re distracting me from reaching sonic speeds while I’m disassembling my sixth bomb,” Tony lied, having just reached the floor with the next detonator, hoping to shift them back to focus through Peter’s compulsive, competitive need to be the fastest.
He also sees the incredible beauty, too. He sees it above all else. The big, brown Bambi eyes, the thick and glistening lashes growing just above and below them, the perfect curve of his chin and lips.
It’s fucking hilarious. It’s so fucking funny, isn’t it?
WARNING: this chapter contains a bit of self-body shaming and some light violence. stay safe.
“What, Tony? What is it, love?” Steve practically begs.
But, like any bruise, it has a center. You can press on the edges (in Steve’s case; his loneliness, fear of being an unworthy leader, knowing he can’t ever really go home) and it’ll be far less painful than if you apply pressure to the middle (his unrequited feelings for Tony, grief for his friends, shame in how he’s handling it all.)
“Yes, of course. I apologize,” the other man responds, tone tinted with shame.
An electric current shoots up from his stomach where the barrel was aimed— crawling up the wires of his suit.
Tony’s given a lot of thought to death.
Who knew Captain America was so relatable?
He didn’t dream of Siberia.
“I love you,” Steve says, plain and simple, so there can be no mistake about it.  He brings his hands up to cradle Tony’s face in his palms; holding the whole world between them. “I love you so much, Tony. You’re my best friend. And I thought I was going to have to spend the rest of my life without you and I— I couldn’t do it. I love you too much. It’s not worth it without you. None of it is.”
It feels like it’s somehow been both hours and seconds when someone with a low, scratchy voice speaks from beside him: “Are you with us, Cap?”
Tony looks so incredibly lost for words. For once, it seems the genius doesn’t have a clue what to say. Steve would feel smug if he could feel anything other than relief and love and joy.
So Tony screamed at Death, because none of it made sense and god damn it all if Tony fucking Stark, the great and terrible genius, couldn’t make sense out of reality. He begged and he begged, wondering how the fuck something as awful as this can happen and no one ever gets to know why.
There’s a deeper darkness beyond the inside of a closed eyelid. There is a darker, more peaceful night after the moon has dimmed her light.
He’d loved Steve for a long time. Maybe his whole life. Sometimes it felt like longer. And for a while there, Tony had himself fooled that maybe America’s hottest super soldier (full offense intended to the man who murdered his mom) could love him back.
“No, Captain.” There’s a hesitation, a silence filled with only Steve’s wordless not-breathing that sounds awfully similar to the asthma attacks he used to get as a sick kid, and then JARVIS elaborates, “I’m afraid I don’t understand the importance of this answer to you in particular. But if you must know, the diagnostics I have run state the electrical shock that was his cause of death immediately stopped his heart and lung function.” Another painful, agonizing, oxygenless moment passes. “I’m sorry, Captain. Tony could not breathe.”
“Dad!” Maria calls, jostling him from where he’s sitting curled up on Steve’s lap. He ignores his husband’s huffs of amusement as he pulls himself upright, but apparently not fast enough for their human tornado of a daughter. “Dad! Dad! Dad!”
He had hoped to catch Tony before he left for his shareholder and sales meetings today, though Fury tripped him up with other plans. He had wanted to apologize for being a bad friend recently (he’s just been in a lot of pain, though he’d never admit that’s why), thank him for not throwing Steve out on his ass for his asshole behavior, and tell him he loved him. Even if he couldn’t tell him just how he loved him, he wanted Tony to at least know Steve loved him as a friend. Tony just always has this look in his eye, like he doesn’t know.
Or at least, they had. Now, Steve apparently picks up week long missions in Georgia and doesn’t bother to tell Tony in person— just puts a post-it note on Dummy’s claw for him to find that says: “Fury called.”
“Don’t tell me how to treat my son!” he could pick out Howard shouting.
“You—“ he has to stop to pant, pupils rolling into the back of his head for one glorious moment, but he somehow manages a smug smirk that raises every hair on Steve’s (now pencil-thin) neck “—you— can’t.”
Because Steve is weak now. He doesn’t know how exactly they did it; he was screaming so pathetically loud and hard in that dark little box they locked him into that he couldn’t hear them talk about it, except little snippets like “—lost over half his weight—“ and “—reverse serum’s effects to—.” And he couldn’t feel anything except the needles; pulling blood and bone and skin and what felt like Steve’s fucking soul out of his body which was somehow impossibly smaller— shorter— weaker — sicker — every goddamn day, until one morning, this morning, the doctors (sadistic bastards) hear him cough.
So that night, and every other night that Tony tried to pull himself back from the grief by running into the arms of whatever rager was being thrown, Rhodey waited. He stayed up into the wee hours of the morning, even if he had school the next day, to take care of Tony. He put water down his throat, food into his stomach, sleep into his brain. And he didn’t say anything. Even when Tony was screeching profanities, crying out, “Maria!” in the dead of night, throwing up on Rhodey’s shoes, he was silent. Steady.
But he’s free.
Her breath hitched a little, and Tony felt his fragile, unfortunately existent heart break when she whispered, “Promise me that you’re not going to regret it in the end.”
Breathe
“Captain, I advise for you to take a deep breath,” JARVIS says, calm and quiet, sure and steady. If Steve didn’t know better, it would be like he was being made fun of. He’s asking him to do the one thing he can’t.
He didn’t know at the time how funny it was. Didn’t know how funny it was that his past self sat there in a little, yellow car, crying quietly into the sleeve of his jacket when the taxi driver wasn’t looking about being something so stupid as too strong.
“O-okay,” he whispers.
He can’t Jesus Christ
But as of late, Steve was weirdly angry. Angry at pretty much anything or anyone that came into his line of sight. And it’s understandable. He’s got a lot to be angry about; not feeling like he belongs in this century, losing almost everyone he’s ever loved, etc. The only real problem with it is that because Tony makes up so much of his day, he ends up taking most of the heat. And Steve isn’t the loud, bearable type of angry person either. No, he’s the quiet, unbearable type of angry. He’s just damn near silent, brooding. He gives short answers. He doesn’t want to talk. Stop asking.
But he knows it’s such a load of shit.
Howard had beat him anyway.
thank you so much for your support on the first chapter!! this is my first ever marvel fic and it’s been so much fun writing it.
Tony waved his hand at the ceiling. “Nope! No! I regret asking. Mute.”
“And who the fuck are you?” Tony snarls, shifting his left-handed repulsor to him. But the man doesn’t even flinch. Doesn’t react in the slightest. Tony feels a chill run up his spine.
And he’s sorry and where’s the air
“Yeah, Tony?”
He just took off towards the tower as fast as he could, desperate to get them both on solid ground, but slowed their speed when he heard Peter’s small hitching breaths and whimpers.
The quick briefing they’d been given from SHIELD stated some maniac had planted explosives in the place because apparently, he loved his job in tech support so much that when he lost it (over playing Tetris at his desk all the time), it really ruined his life. Luckily, as it was Sunday, only about a hundred people were currently occupying the corporate headquarters. But it was still a hundred people with lives and families.
Something heavy twisted in his stomach.
And none of these objectively shitty experiences even holds a candle to whatever the fuck Steve’s problem is recently. The man, who’s long since gotten over his (in Tony’s eyes, well warranted) initial analysis of the fantastic “Iron Man” character, usually can almost always be found in Tony’s workshop, sketching and laughing and keeping Tony company that Tony didn’t even know he needed.
Luckily, Baldie seemed to have had his full of fun as he laughed to himself, small and refined; a complete opposite of the unhinged man he’d revealed just a moment ago. Tony heard his footsteps pass him, pause at the door for a moment— as if deciding something, before he flicked out the lights and left. Leaving him alone and aching in the dark.
Steady tears fell from the corners of those big, young, eyes.
Not Tony.
“Really, I’m fine,” Tony insists. And because Tony is still concussed and dumb as hell and his humor when he’s like this straight up sucks, he says, smirking, “You only wish I wasn’t.”
“Let’s give Steve some space, guys,” Nat ends up saying— sounding only a little bit strangled. A little bit like the world is ending. She gets up from the sofa, touches Clint on the shoulder, gathers Bruce and Thor on her way. It’s obvious her intent is to take care of them before herself as she herds them all into the elevator. And even though Steve has been nothing but cruel tonight, she says in all softness, “We’ll see you in the morning, Cap.”
“Hands up!” Tony’s voice thunders into the room. (Oh, God, Steve has never heard anything sweeter in his stupid fucking life, he could write sonnets about Tony’s voice, even coming heavily filtered out of the suit’s speakers, it’s so beautiful.) The armor gleams bright, red and gorgeous even in the dismal hotel lighting. Akin to seeing the sun after a million rainy days. “Let go of him, unless you want to lose that fucking hand.”
Of course, JARVIS’ defense mechanisms are still running as strong as ever. They’re not especially vulnerable or lacking the protection they had last week. They’re still safe.
Tony looks so tired. And yes, worry maybe shouldn’t be the first thing that Steve feels when he sees the face that he’s missed more than anything else (maybe it should be relief, or attraction, or at the bare minimum: happiness), but worry is what he feels nonetheless. Those big, Bambi eyes are wide; awake and alert— but in the worst way. The way he looks after he’s woken up from a nightmare, and Steve can’t truly comfort him or goad him back to sleep. Because what he’s seeing isn’t just some stupid dream. It’s wholly, and awfully real.
The heaviest silence of Steve’s life fills the room. And then: “Tony is dead, Captain Rogers.”
“FRIDAY, what floor is he on?” Tony demanded, not daring to let up on his descent.
Tony never has been very good at knowing when to stop.
“No, the antibiotics took care of her. She’s right as rain. Healthy as a horse.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Breathing always sounds simple when you’re not the one being told to do it.
He’s been able to breathe since the serum, is what’s so funny about that. The serum took care of his asthma, you see, and he never struggled for breath after that.
And he’s on his way.
But death was whispering in his ear, crawling up his skin. He couldn’t do anything but cry.
He’s weak again.
“What’s ‘it’, Tony?”
Tony knew from the way his mom had flinched that there was no hope of escape. He’d have to endure this. And he didn’t blame her. Not when he smelled like the beers Tony brought him to try and calm him down. Not when she once made sure Jarvis would read him his bedtime story for two straight weeks after Howard chipped her jaw (that had been a bad one.) And not when she spent over fifteen minutes covering both their bruises with makeup, albeit spending more time on her face than his, before they left today.
And how could he regret it when it was the only thing he could do?
Because he knows,
And he stops screaming
But Tony gets it. He does. He’s not very likable to begin with on first impression, and he can only imagine how much more annoying his presence can get over time. Hell, he should know since he has to live every miserable day in his own company. He knows firsthand just how easy it is to grow to hate Tony Stark and just how impossible it is to love him. Frankly, it’s nothing short of a miracle Pepper and Rhodey have stuck around for as long as they have. (But he stopped telling them that, because it made them so sad for some stupid reason.)
Pepper had never lied to him. Pepper loved him too much for that. And he knew she knew how much he loved her.
Tony hangs his head. God fucking... The only times Steve doesn’t bring his notebook are the times that he’s either gonna lecture Tony, try to get him to go to bed, or inform him of the time. None of which Tony particularly cares for.
“He knew, Steve,” Clint says. The archer won’t look at him; tears falling freely while he gazes off into an unspecified distance. “He had to have known we all loved him.”
It was a short flight, and so he hardly had any time to pull himself together before they were landing on the balcony, but he did his best. Took a deep breath, attempted to quiet Death who was screaming her want in his ear. She wanted the boy in his arms. She liked him.
“It’ll take some time, but—“ Nat starts, quiet, well-intentioned. She just wants him to feel better. Steve sees red.
“I don’t want to—“ he gasped when he could, but his lungs ached where they pressed against the stupid hunk of metal in his chest and it all hurt and Death was rubbing her hands on his shoulders and he was scared, goddammit. “I don’t. I don’t want to die, Pep— but I think— I think I’m gonna have to and I’m—“
And it’s the funniest thing. Because
Steve loves him like he hasn’t loved anyone else his whole life long. This was his chance to prove it, the great, big moment of truth: choosing between Tony’s safety, and Steve’s happiness.
Without any hesitation, he blasted down through the floors by sheer force, feeling the carpet and ceilings shatter around him, unphased because that was his fucking kid, who gives half a shit about whether or not there’s an iron-man shaped hole?
And Steve is so pathetic, he races to his shaking feet at that, presses his hands up on the glass, blinks tears from his eye so he can see his mouth move— hear him speak just one more time.
He just fell in love. Hook, line, and sinker.
“I’m not tired,” Tony says, trying to sound adamant. Truth is, he didn’t sleep to well on whatever pain medication cocktail Bruce has him on. “I’m well rested and ready to go.”
There wasn’t ever really a choice.
They’re there because they’re worried about him. Because he can’t stop.
Tony immediately hates him.
Don’t waste it.
But he won’t consider worse. So he has to keep looking.
“My mom—“ Tony choked out through lungs that had never felt more unsteady. Jesus Christ, the whole world just shook and fell apart. “My mom is—“
He’s a mechanic, remember?
That’s not to say it hadn’t been a close thing. It’d taken hours of careful planning, lying, and collection of inconspicuous but volatile ingredients on Tony’s part. But he’d played Baldie like a fucking fiddle in the end.
He wouldn’t.
Take care of them. Same as you did for me.
Steve is smart. Less attached than Tony had anticipated, which hurts, but he understands. He must have finally been made aware of all the chinks in Tony’s incredibly dented armor and figured out that he’s not worth it. Which is smart. Tony can respect smart. He knows from experience after years of fixing cars that some things are so broken, so stupid, so unlovable that they’re a waste of time.
“Bruce, I need that sedative now!” Nat shouts from above him. He feels her hand go in his, feels her iron grip come down on his hand. Steve appreciates that. He thinks he’s gonna fall off the earth without it. “Steve, you’re going into shock.”
And Steve has seen so many people fight for breath in his life. He saw Dr. Erskine spit up blood from his lungs (dead), watched Bucky gasp in the winter air when he fell (dead), witnessed his mom pass on from tuberculosis, choking up oxygen till her last day (dead).
Tony’s screen was then filled with diagnostics he hadn’t ordered. Sent over from Peter’s AI, he realized.
He thinks of Rhodey, wonders if he’s already flown home from his top-secret, exotic mission in Florida that Tony isn’t supposed to know anything about (which of course, he knows everything about. Call him crazy, but he keeps tabs on his sugar bear. And always has a suit stationed within sixty miles of him, whether Rhodey knows it or not. Paranoia pays off.) He’s known Rhodey since the good old days of MIT, was his only friend for years and years, and he’s still never seen him cry. Tony doesn’t think he’ll cry when JARVIS tells him he’s dead. He’ll just do what he always does when he’s angry or sad: purse his lips, stare at the ground, and say what has to be said. So Tony’s wondering what he’s saying right now.
“They’re time bombs,” Peter scoffed, insulted by his mentor’s concern, undoubtedly convinced he didn’t need it. “We’ve got like ten minutes, it’s fine.”
“Anthony, are you alright?” his mom asked, looking down at him with the corners of her lips turned down in concern. Like how Jarvis had always looked at him when Tony was sad, and it made him ache in a way he didn’t understand. He stared at the rain pouring off her hat like a steady stream, just trying to breathe. “Do you need to go to the car?”
It broke every stupid fucking string in his heart to not lean in with Tony— no, he had to hold himself back when all he really wanted was to grab the man Steve was so desperately, awfully, wholly in love with by the waist, hold his face achingly tender, tilt up the stubbled jaw, be the one to pull them in so close they could taste the kiss before their lips even touched, make Tony feel wanted, make him feel loved—
Tony’s just beginning to think he might not even make it home; has to stop, wrap one shaking hand around screaming ribs and press another to his pounding temples to keep from losing it completely. Fuck, it all hurts like a son of a bitch, and he can hardly stand against it--- let alone keep going. But then he looks up at the clean, night sky. Sees that the Avengers tower is so close.
And not just the kind of day where Fury keeps him overnight and into the morning in his office to run over the same mission report he gave an hour ago upon his arrival, an intern spills cold coffee on his pants, and he misses Tony like fucking crazy and won’t even get to see him until he gets back from his business trip in three goddamn extra days— though that all happened today, too.
“Take a lucky guess,” Peter said, humor evident in his tone. “Look, Karen has cleared them. They’re standard, and they’re not anything fancy. We can just get everyone out, go in, cut the right wires, and make it home in time to watch the new—“
the momentum had Peter falling.
“No!” Tony yelled, a visceral panic filling him at even the thought of his kid exposed, open to the explosives, eaten by the fire or blown through the windows. “Abso-fucking-lutely not! Do you hear me, Parker? Don’t you dare—“
Tony’s crying, which feels wrong. Like seeing the sun rain on earth, and it’s not right. Steve has to set it right.
He should have been back this morning, because Tony is (or used to be) pretty sure Steve is (was) one of three people in the whole wide world that truly gives half a shit about him.
“What’s happening’, Cap’n?” Tony asks, trying to keep the annoyance he feels from his tone and only narrowly succeeding. “Did Clint get stuck in a vent again?”
He was safe.
“You,” Steve whispers, still staring in wonder. Shock. Amazement. Disbelief. “We lost you, Tony.”
“I’m alright, I’m alright, I’m okay,” Peter muttered. Tony looked down at his face and saw he wouldn’t even open his eyes. He wasn’t convinced.
The yelp that came from Tony was involuntary, as was the shout that followed when Baldie pressed his other hand against the side of his neck— searing the skin there. “What?” Tony gasped in desperation. A pause filled with just pain, pain, pain. “I don’t know!”
“Just tell me what I’m looking at, J.” Things were tense at the tower right now, and he didn’t want to ask anyone for help. Even breakfast, a notoriously enjoyable occasion amongst their team, had been a strained thing when he left from it this morning to attend a business meeting. A business meeting that, evidently, wasn’t worth waking up at the ungodly hour of seven a.m. for on account of the fact that no sales were closed and he was dragging himself and his ruined, expensive suit from the bloody sidewalk.
God. Sometimes Tony really, really hated nerds. Origin story be damned.
“Steven, please be calm. Banner means you no ill, nor do I or anyone—“ Thor interjects. But Steve isn’t done yet. He’s so furious. He doesn’t even know where the fury comes from— but it’s strong. It’s brutal. It’s as bad as the sadness and then some.
He took that big, beautiful life for all it was. And made a victory out of it.
“Tony,” Steve began, and wasn’t that a fucking gut punch to hear his name, spoken in the voice that was once so righteous now so broken. He looked at Tony, and he looked at him with breathtaking grief. “We lost—- we lost. All of us.”
Stay safe.
He remembered thinking, ‘this better be a clean fucking blow and a fast death, Rogers— I think I’ve earned that much.’
“Captain, it would be preferable for you to sit down before I share this information with you,” the AI says, voice more somber than he’s ever heard it in the two years that he’s called the tower home. Steve’s blood runs cold. JARVIS should have apologized. He always apologizes when he scares them. He doesn’t ask them to do something. He’s never done that. “I’m afraid this may be difficult for you to process, and risk for injury should be minimized as much as possible.”
Steve doesn’t feel his knees hit the floor, but he hears it. It’s an off-tempo beat to his fruitless gasps; like a drumbeat that doesn’t belong and
Bruce eyes him before saying, voice heavy with skepticism, “Uh huh.”
“JARVIS, just tell me that he can breathe,” he gets out between wild, airless gasps. “Can Tony breathe?”
He also thinks of the team, wonders if they’re sad. Thinks of Natasha flipping the dagger he gave her as a Christmas gift to distract herself, Clint steering clear of the workshop vents, Thor bringing rain upon the tower, Bruce trying to cook a dinner nice enough to bring them all into the same room. All of them there at the dining table, talking about how much they’re going to miss their shellhead.
---------------------
As if to affirm Tony’s instinct, the man says, grinning “I’m the guy that’s gonna bury you, Stark.”
“Sir, I’ve found Rogers.”
After an awkward silence filled only with the sound of Tony’s ugly sobbing, Rhodey suggested, “Let’s go home, man.”
The sudden sound of Peter’s breath hitching echoed in Tony’s ear, and that made him anxious. Call him an overprotective dad, but it didn’t set right with him. He knew like an instinct that something had gone wrong. Very, very wrong.
He truly does. He always has, and he always will. From the bottom of the city’s rat infested streets to the tip of its energy-insufficient towers, he loves it.
Steve can’t breathe.
“You think they’ll bury the armor, in place of your body?” Baldie had asked, still wearing that stupid fucking smile. “I just hope they can make do, is all.”
“Mister Stark!” Peter beams (an adoring Maria already superglued to his leg), like he’s still the fifteen year old fanboy Tony met in Queens so long ago and not the top-of-his-motherfucking-class-at-MIT-Jesus-chrIST-is-tony-proud adult he’s grown into.
The worst had happened, and Tony was broken under the weight of it.
Tony can say, without a doubt, that was the worst idea he had ever heard.
If Tony could speak, he’d return the sentiment.
“Karen, activate Snake Skin protocol,” Peter murmured, not trying to speak over Tony’s deafening protests, beyond justifying himself. He’d made up his mind. And Tony, elbow deep in a bomb that would blow instantaneously if he stopped what he was doing, was powerless to do anything but shout.
“I was never very good with the riddles. What the fuck do you mean by ‘more’?”
And very, very sick.
He’s more than a little concussed, right about now. He doesn’t need to be responsible for a second detonation today.
“No,” he said, slow and calm. The last thing Tony wanted was to argue with her. He wasn’t angry in the slightest, just sad they’d become friends. Because it was going to ruin her when all this shit finally caught up to him, if she didn’t leave now. “I set this path for myself. This is my life’s work. I’m responsible—“
Just a moment of peace. Sixty simple seconds. Because that’s all Tony can have before JARVIS’ voice crackles over the speakers, uncharacteristically quiet.
It hurts it burns it hurts it
“We won, Mister Stark,” the kid had cried, holding his good hand (though he couldn’t really feel the pressure, he was comforted nonetheless.) “Dad— We won, Tony. We won…”
She was unmoved. For the briefest second, her face was a blank slate. Then she exploded, “Can you cut the bullshit act for ten fucking seconds? Or are you physically fucking incapable?”
“I wish you the better of the luck next time, brave Captain,” Thor says from above him when he leans down to offer his hand. Steve takes it, albeit grudgingly, and is pulled to his feet. His whole body protests, bruises rippling when he moves. It’s all he can do to suppress a groan. “Perhaps it was for the waffles the great Anthony so valiantly prepared for me this morning that I bested you today. Be fair to yourself. You were not of the same advantage.”
“No, it’s too risky,” Tony interrupted. God, what he’d become. His younger self wouldn’t recognize the paranoid old man that Peter (because Jesus, the kid was a danger magnet and if anything happened to him, Tony didn’t know what he would do)  had made him. “We don’t know if that’s even possible.”
It’s a nice thought, but he still wants to be realistic. They probably won’t be that hurt personally. It’s not like Tony himself is too much to lose.
The team doesn’t know it, but just twelve blocks away from the tower, Tony Stark is free.
Tony saw him. The scene was silent. Serene. Peter was freshly out of the suit, if the ends of the armor retreating from his fingertips were anything to go by. He was kneeling, coaxing the metal around the black package in the corner.
“Tony,” Steve interrupts. “We love you. We’re staying. Now go to sleep.”
“When’s the last time you slept, Shellhead?” Natasha asks, making him jump a little as he comes out of his thoughts. Jesus, maybe they’d find him a little faster if Tony could just fucking focus for once in his goddamn life. “You don’t look so good.”
Tony just clenched his face, shook his head, rocked slowly in the chair because if he didn’t move— if he didn’t do something, he’d break. And he couldn’t break yet. Not if he wanted to be home.
“Missed you, Tones,” Rhodey says, once they pull back. “Wilson is a fucking nightmare now that he doesn’t have anyone to match wits with.”
Should have killed him then
and i’m sorry it’s a day late— things have been so crazy.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here, Steve,” Tony says. Steve suddenly feels the mechanic’s hands come up to wrap around his shoulders, deepening the embrace. He nearly faints. This is too good to be true. But then Tony throws a wrench in the fantasy by turning to plead into Steve’s ear with a horribly broken voice (this can’t just be a pleasant dream if Tony’s in pain.) “Tell me who we lost. Please.”
He wondered for a while how they managed to pry him out of his armor (the thing is damn near indestructible, he should know, he built it that way), but that’s something else Tony knows now, too.
And he’s sorry and he loves him and he’s sorry
“Whatever you’re gonna ask me to fix,” Tony started. He tried, but he couldn’t keep his head from lulling until his chin hit his chest. Fuck, it all hurt. “Whatever you’re gonna make me fix… Have you tried turning it off and on first?”
“Heaven, I’m in heaven,” Steve had sung along, swaying them back and forth. He shifted Tony’s hand till it was resting over his chest, and Tony couldn’t think of anywhere else he’d rather be. “And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak.”
Rhodey didn’t try to make sense out of it for him. He didn’t try to put any of it to words, and Tony loved him for that. When the whole world came up to him (in grocery stores, at parties, mid-funeral) wanting to know just what the hell the world was going to do without their best weapons supplier, Rhodey was by his side to give him the only genuine answer: no answer at all.
Like he had until a few years ago now
Steve finds out, and he can’t breathe.
“I can’t watch you do this, Tony,” she’d told him one night when he came home with bullets embedded in the suit. “I’m not gonna stay here and watch you die. I won’t.”
Steve can’t breathe
Steve leans down, kisses him slowly, softly, carefully (even though Steve has to shove down the instinct to take him apart then and there because fuck does he love him.)
Someone’s hand ends up in his. He can feel the lines of their palm. It’s nice.
He’s drifting now
“How are you, Tony?”
He knows he’s too broken to fix.
The flight is short, and he spends most of it readying the suit’s weaponry mechanics; engaging repulsors and having the good sense to tuck away his more explosive technology.
Something in him snapped.
For what feels like the millionth time in the past few days, Steve’s heart breaks. Because Tony really doesn’t know how much he’s loved— doesn’t know that no one can sleep, Pepper won’t eat, Rhodey took an indefinite leave of absence from work and Steve—Steve can’t take this bullshit.
Not before everything he still had to do.
howdy, y’all🤠🤠🤠 thanks for your patience! i’m very, very unhappy with how this chapter turned out but that’s the way it goes.
“Don’t coddle him, Maria,” Howard had said, right on cue, catching Tony’s shoulder in an uncomfortably tight grip. When Tony turned to look at him, his father didn’t face away from the coffin being lowered into the ground, but he didn’t need to. The message was clear. His voice was like metal and men that didn’t cry.
He’d been hungover when the police knocked on his door that one morning.
And his mom, who hadn’t cried throughout the whole service, broke down then.
Filled with tears and the taking downs of memorials and the reintegrations of life as it used to be.
Tony, admittedly a little ashamed at not noticing before, really looks then. There’s fatigue engraved deep in his friends face; like he’s aged decades in days. A greenish hue covers his cheekbones, and the wrinkles lining his forehead are overly pronounced.
“Captain.” Steve jumps nearly a foot in the air at JARVIS’ abrupt interruption from his thoughts; robotic voice coming loud and strong over the speakers.
Tony wakes up, and that’s all it seems he has the time to do.
No one knows.
But he dreamt of Steve.
Why does everything have to beep to wake Tony up?
He laughed to himself, even though it wasn’t that funny. Just wanted to (probably unwisely) piss Baldie off further.
Steve had trusted him, too.
“Sir.” JARVIS’ somber, calm voice (and oh god, how he’d missed him, couldn’t wait to see him soon in that kingdom they told him about when he was a kid) echoed in his comm ear. “It’s a pleasure to be with you now.”
When he lands on the rooftop, the reaction is immediate. The five men startle a little, but then jerk their guns up to their shoulders; so nervous that the barrels on all of them shake. No, scratch that, Tony notes. There’s one man— a bald man with a shitty neck tattoo— who doesn’t do anything. He’s a big guy, too; bulking muscles, heavy shoulders. He’s just standing there, smiling, confident, gun limp in his arms.
It was quiet for one more second. Then chaos.
Tony couldn’t maintain his grip. And he tried. He tried to hold on, but an airborne desk slammed into his side and it shook him so hard he couldn’t feel his hands and
He loves New York, because the three people perched on a dumpster behind him hardly spare a parting glance when he takes off running from the building he must have been held captive in for (two, maybe three? it’s hard to keep track) days. No one here gives half a shit if your hands are caked in blood, your face dripping sweat. They’re like wasps; if you leave them alone, they’ll leave you alone.
Space wasn’t as beautiful. Streaking through the stars and supernovas couldn’t compare to what it had felt like when Steve had pressed his lips upon Tony’s— couldn’t hold half a candle to what it felt like to be told “I love you” and have it be sincere.
And Tony supposes he has the rest of the team. They’ve become a family of sorts— as dysfunctional as shit, but still a family. They care about him enough— at least as a teammate— to want Tony to be well. He doesn’t know if they necessarily love him (conveniently omitting from his mind the fact he knows with all his soul that he loves them, because that shit just hurts) but they don’t want him to die.
“Oh, God,” Steve says. It becomes a mantra, something he can’t stop saying because oh, god. Oh, god. Tony is alive. “Oh, God. Thank God.”
Steve loves him and Steve can’t bear to have loved and lost him he can’t live through that and because Steve’s not dead Tony’s not dead
And he wants to tell Steve the truth. Wants to tell him how he loves him. Wants to be ready for the day that’s really his last. Wants to die with no words stuck in his throat.
Jarvis, Tony thought with some shock. He didn’t have much time to think about it before they were at it again, loud and clear.
“Aw, come on, sugar bear. We both know you can hold your own.”
He was afraid. Afraid they’d change his mind. Afraid Natasha would tell him he was being irrational, Thor would say he’d bet his hammer that Steve couldn’t ever hurt Tony, or Clint would drop his class clown act for just a minute to talk him down from the ledge he’d built just to jump off it.
But Steve didn’t love him back. So the phone never rang.
“Because I thought I lost you, not the other way around,”  Steve said, moving their hands closer together without even realizing it as he spoke. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. I made a mistake because I lied to you and I’m so, so sorry, I love—“
“Steve,” Tony interrupts. Steve goes still, eyes wide and searching. Tony can feel his heart hammering up against his chest; fluttering in his throat. “Do you really mean that?”
After a solid minute of trying to find his own tongue, he answers, ever so eloquently, “Yeah.”
No one wants to leave Steve alone.
And Tony can’t help it. He just smiles.
thanks again!
They didn’t have to elaborate. Tony knew “it” was giving up a normal life to be a metal man, never settling down, never being safe.
(In all honesty, Steve’s also more than a little bit worried that he’s run the math in that fast brain of his and figured out just how fucking worthless this makes the Avenger’s infamously strong leader. How pointless it was to save him.)
“You miss me, Pep?” Tony asked, strutting off the plane that carried him from a cave in Afghanistan (his own personal hell, really) back to Malibu (his own personal heaven.)
They’d had that once.
There’s a sharp stabbing pain the same arm Natasha is holding, and then a low burn that spreads up his shoulder. It hurts, but not as bad as the pain in his lungs which is only getting worse, and worse, and worse and
He’d lost Peter.
“I just—“ Tony started, only to break off in giggles. Didn’t they always say that laughing was in really close proximity to sobbing one’s ass off. “This is hilarious, isn’t it?”
See you on the other side.
And when Tony inevitably ended up injured or worse (Steve doesn’t deserve a quarter of the faith they put in him), they’d feel like it was their fault, too. And these people— these good to the soul of their beings but heavy with all the grief and guilt of the world people— didn’t need that on their conscience.
He can’t quit coughing, even when stiff hands are yanking him up so the wet, copper taste spills over his lips instead of the back of his mouth, and he doesn’t want to open his eyes, as cowardly as it is. He doesn’t want to see pity in Tony’s beautiful face. He doesn’t want to feel the shame that comes with it before he dies.
Irony is one cold-hearted bitch.
But Iron Man might be. They’re probably trying to figure out who will replace him as aerial and tech. Maybe they already found someone.
FRIDAY pulled up the schematics of the skyscraper before the two. Thirty-five stories, seven bombs placed on different levels. The block and surrounding buildings had been cleared so collateral damage wasn’t a worry.
But Steve isn’t in the mood to laugh. As a matter of fact, he’s not sure if he can even get enough breath into his downright pathetically small lungs to do much more than breathe (and now he can hardly manage that.)
“Do you need help?” Peter asked, eager and surprisingly unpatronizing. He’s such a good kid, Tony thought with a swell of affection. “I’m pretty fast at this so—“
And because Tony has the survival instinct of a fucking beetle in an exterminator’s house, he responds, “I have to keep looking, Nat. Can you please help me up?”
Tony is alive.
“Look, Mr. Clean,” Tony said, patience skipped right past the wearing-thin phase and right into the if-not-for-the-laws-of-this-land-I-would-have-slaughtered-you mode. “What do you want from me?
Fuck. This is how he dies. Not in the blaze of American glory during some righteous battle, but on the floor of New York’s seediest hotel. Having an asthma attack like he’s just that sick kid from Brooklyn again.
Even though Steve knew what he was doing (turning Tony down, leaving the tower without so much as an explanatory goodbye) would hurt him, he understood he was ultimately acting in the genius’ best interest. And in all honesty, believing that was the only reason he had enough willpower to call Fury and ask for a mission instead of running back inside and begging a certain, unreasonably beautiful mechanic for forgiveness.
Satisfied, she finally smiles. Tugs them both in for a warm embrace that just makes Tony feel so impossibly whole.
He knew it was going to kill him. He felt death, his life-long lover rub her hands up his shoulders to tell him she was coming.
“Goodnight, Tony.”
That thinking makes him feel cold again, but a blanket comes a short while later, feeling sunwarm and soft as it goes across his shoulders. It helps with the chill, and it makes him feel heavy in a way that’s so pleasant, his will doesn’t stand a chance.
After a few seconds pass and there’s no snarky comment or painful condolence forthcoming, Steve brings his head out of his hands. He should apologize for yelling. It was wrong. Everyone’s hurting right now, Bruce was right.
Even when Tony asked, Rhodey knew he didn’t really want to know.
“Oh, god. That’s usually what you say right before something explodes.”
That gives Steve pause..
“Aren’t you smart enough to know when you’re beating a dead horse?”
God, if Banner asks him to one more movie night when they clearly don’t really want him there, he thinks he might turn the tables and Hulk out on Bruce.
Tony’s strained breath is the only sound in the otherwise silent room he’s being held in. He counts his inhales, counts his exhales, and holds it because there’s just nothing else to do. He even gets up to forty seconds before stars dance in front of his vision and he has to breathe again.
All he could see was Jarvis shining shoes. Just a week ago.
He knows he’s never gonna be able to breathe
“Please, take your time, Stephen,” Ass Clown taunts, and fuck if it doesn’t make him feel so much worse to know the man who just took the only part of his life that was remotely valuable and destroyed it is standing right there above him, and Steve isn’t anywhere near strong enough to make him pay. He’s too weak. Nothing special anymore. “You have an abundance of it.”
He’s drenched in the comedy gold of it all; the great, all-mighty Captain America— reduced back to Stephen Rogers: a five-foot, one-hundred pound asthmatic who can’t even fight a cold, much less the injustices of the world.
Steve found him, and for all his credit, he didn’t cry. Just kneeled beside him, put one big, warm palm on the side of his face that wasn’t burned and the other where the arc was. Held him so steady. Laid the softest of kisses on his unmoving mouth.
But Rhodey caught him before gravity could do its work. After his first year of air force training and drills, he was strong. Stronger than Tony’s stupid fucking legs.
He’d make him believe Steve deserved Tony.
And he can’t breathe
Sailing on the ocean in a plane that should have sunk
“I detect heat signatures from a nearby location, Sir. All are in possession of heavy duty firearms.”
He lived in a circle: get fucked up, get-unfucked up, repeat.
“I missed you, bud.” Though he’d be content to hug him for hours and never let him get close to danger ever again, Tony knew the action wouldn’t wait for them any longer than it had. So he just planted a quick kiss on the side of Peter’s cheek, ruffled his big, brown curls, and went back to the fight with a new found vigor.
“Yes, Sir, I will,” the AI chimes in, unhelpful as ever.
Tony’s not really in control of his body when he kisses Steve. It’s an instinctual thing— like breathing. He just closes his eyes, winds his hand in the lapels of Steve’s shirt and just fucking kisses him for all he’s worth.
And dead people don’t hear living words.
It’s a game to keep him from thinking about what he knows. Because when he thinks about that, his already shit mood gets impossibly worse.
Tony shakes his head at that (and fuck does it hurt, concussions fucking suck.) “No, that’s alright. You can all go do what you want to do. I’ll be—“
Rhodey had just stared into Tony’s tear-filled eyes, gaze unwaveringly patient. Accepting. Everything Tony was not at the moment, because he couldn’t wait to either die or see his mom show up at the door. And neither were going to happen, but that memo wouldn’t get through his thick fucking skull.
Tony had pretended to cave after a few, admittedly well-placed and likely severe-injury-inducing (he already knew and dreaded the fact that Steve was going to freak out about them), punches to his face, ribs, and stomach. He’d just simply let his pain show through the mask; pretended he couldn’t take it when Baldie taunted him. Tony was Academy-Award deserving for the performance he gave--- begging Baldie to stop, sobbing that he’d do what he wanted so long as he please, please, please just let him die mercifully in the end. And Baldie, that fucking idiot, smiled at, unbound, and brought him everything he needed.
All he has to say is, “it’s time to wake up, Steve.”
“I emotionally cannot handle another episode of ‘This is Us’, Pete,” he cut in. Tony thought it over, analyzing risk and reward in the way he’d got very used to doing since he started the whole superhero thing. With a heavy sigh, he gave in. “Alright. Let’s do this.”
“Tony,” Steve calls, so quiet through his scratchy throat that he doesn’t expect the genius to hear. But he must, because the glaring, glowing eyes of the Iron Man armor look away from Ass Clown to train on him. Watching. Observing. And after a few stilted seconds, in which it’s revealed that Steve isn’t sure quite what to say (maybe, “Hey, love! Miss me? Probably not. Either way, don’t kill him! He’s probably the only person that can fix me!”), the faceplate draws back.
It wasn’t much of a choice at all.
please leave a comment if you enjoyed bc i love talking to y’all!
“Calm yourself, Doctor,” a stomach-twistingly familiar voice cautions. The same voice that’s held him down through what feels like a thousand procedures, ordered thousands of injections and blood samples and beatdowns. Steve calls him Ass Clown. Or has, the few times he hasn’t been in too much pain to speak. “This is exciting, but we can’t allow our nerves to push us into any rash conclusions.”
“Only a little,” she’d laughed. The sound was sweet like the strawberries she was allergic to, and Tony felt almost overcome. He wasn’t supposed to have heard that laugh ever again. But he did. Because he lived. God knows why, but he lived. “I hate job hunting.”
And when Tony didn’t get up, when Death was pressing her bleak lips to the side of his face and he was too weak to do anything but cry, Rhodey just picked him up on his shoulder and carried him home.
Pepper was the next to arrive, and she didn’t say much either. Just her classic, “Oh, Tony.” A watery grin that was somehow as sincere as it was sad.
But Tony was feeling a little more angry than usual that day. And he looked over at his father’s headstone; saw that someone had placed cherry-red roses on Howard’s tombstone.
“It’s okay.” Thick tears rolled down her cheeks, slipping into the corners of her smiling mouth. “We’re all gonna be okay, now. Thank you, Tony.”
Peter told him as much, though Tony couldn’t thank him. The stones had taken their toll. He was just a man, in the end, after all.
Of course, ever the pragmatist, he’d built and planted another small remote bomb on one of the guards during a shift change. The detonation, other than worsening a few of Tony’s first few burns from the initial explosion, was successful. No one lived to follow him out of the building, at least.
The genius, though inebriated off his ass, wasn’t a complete idiot and therefore wasn’t convinced. “Then why— why didn’t you ever call me?”
Tony lived in a cloud of death and darkness.
There was no force powerful enough. He was confident.
Steve says it was because he was just too stubborn to die.
“No, Tony,” Bruce says. His expression is harder than Tony’s ever seen it. “I don’t.”
Some place quiet.
But no one answers.
He makes like himself in the desert so many years ago.
The kid was rambling nonsense in the same way he always did, asking dumb little questions about his hair and what he’d been doing but Tony just grabbed him.
Tony tastes like metal and air.
“Yeah, Steve?”
“What?” Steve cuts in, voice like knives and steel even to his own ears. He knows objectively, somewhere in the very back of his brain, that talking like this to a man who transforms into a ten-foot, green rage-monster when upset is probably a bad idea, but he can’t stop himself. He’s angry. He’s so fucking angry. “What? What do I have to do? What the fuck do you want me to do, Bruce?”
The anticipation is terrible, twisting in his gut. But Tony’s face doesn’t change. His lips barely shift to make room for his words. “Steve, we’re taking you off the sedative now.”
“What do we—“ Steve begins, but something catches in his throat. He coughs out of pure habit, knowing logically that it’s grief. The feeling of never quite catching his breath isn’t ever really going to go away. “What do we do?”
Once, about six months after the accident had happened and Tony was beginning to overcome the very worst of the grief, they’d come to visit the cemetery. It began the same as it always did; Tony telling his mom how things were (even if things were objectively awful, he’d say he was doing alright) and giving her the general “love and miss you” speel.
“Yes! Yes, okay, I’ll get the thingies on the bottom, you take the top!” The kid, cheerfully bouncing, swung out a web and vanished at being given the all clear.
“Yeah,” Tony managed, clearing his throat a little, still in shock that Steve gave enough of a shit about what Tony thought of him to try and explain something so trivial as first impressions. “I wouldn’t sweat it, Cap. I know I can be a real dickbag---”
“Is everything alright?”
Like he still loved him.
The mistakes of the past came back to visit like old friends. He could never turn them away— inviting them into his mind whenever they came knocking.
And then the shock hits his heart.
To Steve’s credit, he didn’t do anything but smile. So warm and patient that the sun could take notes and learn from him.
“You know, Dad, the most pathetic part of all of this is I’m grieving you, too. Mom makes sense.” He shrugged, as if making an allowance. “But you? You fucking hated me.” The laugh that ripped out of him was acidic; burned like bile, but it was all kind of funny, wasn’t it? Funny in the way that isn’t funny at all? Funny in the way that it hurts like hell every waking moment of his stupid life? “You hated me and wished I’d never been born, both things you legitimately said to me at some point--- and I still want to see you one last time.”
He dreams of being loved.
The team comes to sit with him in the workshop quite a lot these days--- Bruce usually arrives bearing an excuse about needing his laboratory equipment, Clint complaining that his hearing aids aren’t up to par (though there’s never anything actually wrong), Thor offering some hardly relevant Asgardian wisdom and Natasha--- beautiful, wonderful, lovely Natasha--- respects Tony’s bullshit-meter enough to not say anything he’ll just see straight through.
Because Steve is gone.
When he tucks her in, she mumbles, “I love you three-thousand.”
Bruce’s face comes into view first, then Natasha, Thor, and Clint. They’re all here.
Oh god oh god oh god no no no no
“That’s real sweet, sugar,” Tony says, a false note of humor in his voice he hopes they don’t detect. He doesn’t think any of this is funny, his head fucking hurts, goddammit. “But I think you’re gonna have to get in line.”
Steve feels like he can’t breathe again; like he’s breathing with Tony’s dead lungs. Like he’s just a kid in Brooklyn again, having lost both his parents, his parents. He’s homeless again— because without Tony, this is nothing but an overpriced skyscraper in the world’s shittiest city.
“Jesus Christ, give a fella a little warning!” he exclaims, settling a hand on his chest and feeling the pounding pulse there. “You scared the hell out of me.”
He can’t really feel himself fall from his kneeling position. The numbness comes quick, efficient, brutal. Like he’s being anesthetized by his own brain taking pity on him.
Breathe he can’t he can’t
“Okay,” Tony says, casually, as if that doesn’t make him incredibly nervous. “What is it?”
“I promise,” he said, pulling back from her and standing up on shaky legs to make his resolve more prominent. “Everything’s gonna be fine.”
He doesn’t like to think of the dark. He doesn’t like to think of this cold achiness— so similar to the pressure of space and nukes, and Afghanistan caves. So he thinks of other things.
And as he stood over Jarvis’ grave, knowing no one loved him like that anymore, he cried. His father would punish him for it later.
His big, beautiful eyes roll into the back of his head. And he collapses.
Death didn’t respond other than to caress his face when he visited their graves, reminding him of her inevitability. Reminding him that if he was lucky, he would someday leave someone without answers, too.
And Steve will smile in amusement; always offer these starstruck mom and dads polite thanks for thinking of him that way.
The physical ache isn’t such a big deal, really. He’s been hurting for a long time now, and it’s near impossible to separate the sources of throbbing weight in his chest. They blend together perfectly; one big bruise that doesn’t differentiate from his emotional, mental exhaustion and the complete smackdown a thousand-year-old Norse god just hand-delivered to him. It all hurts on one perfect, indistinguishable pitch.
And Steve was strong, alive. Just holding his hand.
“I’m fine,” Steve repeats. “I can watch, Barton. If you’re worried.”
Steve falls to his knees. He’s covered in blood and self-inflicted bruises, but it doesn’t hurt anything like how he used to hurt. There is no stomaching this. There is no rhyme or reason. This doesn’t blend. If only he’d known how lucky he was then. When the love of his stupid, worthless life was still breathing beside him. He had had no idea what it was to ache.
He knows that people really do believe he’s dead. The man, who’s Tony taken to calling “Baldie”, showed him the live news footage. He proved it via video on his shitty Apple phone (why people still buy from those clowns when Stark technology is objectively better priced and far superior, Tony will never know). Baldie looked on wearing that same cruel smile while news anchors with (in Tony’s opinion) unreasonably somber voices talked over footage of the initial explosion, the blood spilled all over the parking garage, and worst of all— scraps of his armor and obliterated helmet lying destroyed on the pavement.
“Uh— what?” He asks, dumbly.
“I get my hours,” he says, waving her off with a shaky, admittedly overly-caffeinated hand. “We can’t be having siestas all the time, now can we?”
As in Tony can’t stop looking. It’s been a month. And he still hasn’t found him.
“If you do that, I’m taking Tony with me.” Jarvis’ tone was dead serious. Not a single change of inflection.
So when he saw Strange raise his hand, let him know this was their only chance, Tony didn’t think twice.
And Pepper, who is so wonderfully herself, has to conduct a full field interview before they can even hug.
come find me on tumblr @willowsandwastelands
Protocol Snake Skin was something they’d built together after Tony’s first breakthrough with nanotechnology. At Peter’s command, he could remove the suit and apply it to fit over whatever person (or object) he wanted to cover.
He gets the feeling that the Tony on the other side doesn’t want it to break. (And fuck, if that doesn’t make it hurt somehow impossibly worse.)
He didn’t regret it.
Steve, though— Steve understood, if the cracked falling of his (beautiful, beautiful, so much more beautiful than any star) face was anything to go by.
………………
Breathe
It’s just a cough, really. Nothing particularly special about it; just hacking up some mucus and inhaled saliva like any normal, sick person would.
Steve, who Tony is still hopelessly in love with. Even if he knows it’s not going to work out.
It works like a charm. Steve’s eyes snap up, curious.
“Oh, this is nice,” he’d said, drawing a near hysterical laugh out of Tony.
But he kept his promise to Pepper.
He was just eight when he first felt it. It came upon the rain and the wind, pounding up against his jacket, splashing from the mud getting all over the dress shoes Jarvis had shined just a week ago. Sang a little song to Tony while he did it, laughing when Tony laughed. Just a week ago.
please leave kudos and comments because i love hearing your feedback!!
It burns it hurts where’s the air
“What?” Howard laughed, as disbelieving as Tony was hearing it. “You… You think you could do better, is that it? You’re gonna raise him right and—“
And then
But Tony wasn’t lucky. If he was, he wouldn’t be leaving flowers by his mother’s headstone every Sunday of the year.
Tony doesn’t belong with the dead it doesn’t make sense Tony
Tony takes advantage of the distraction, huffing a weak chuckle that masks the sound of his strangled breathing (which is starting to feel paper thin.) “Yeah, alright, smartass. No one asked you.”
It’s evident that none of them are okay.
“Alright, guys. Stop harassing my patient,” a voice comes in from the door, rapidly approaching with light footsteps towards his bedside.
“Easy, buddy,” Rhodey cautioned, tightening his grip around a suddenly hysterical Tony. “It’s alright, I’ve got you.”
“Wonder where she got that,” Steve muses sarcastically, slipping a sinfully beautiful glare Tony’s way.
And just in the nick of time, too.
“Comin’ up behind you, Mister Stark!” the kid called, whooping while he swung past way too fast for Tony’s liking around the skyscraper.
And by some miracle of God, or chance, or science, or aerodynamics, or astrology, or whatever was in control in that moment, Tony caught him.
He had the life, if only for just one fucking moment before he was going to lose it, that he’d wanted years ago when he knew this was how he was going to die.
Like a broken bone that would never be set was forced to heal in a new, awkward, not-right-this-was-never-supposed-to-happen shape.
“Worry about yourself,” Steve responds. The same kind, teasing smile slowly grows itself back onto his lips which Tony is very suddenly reminded of kissing. “I’ll get him if he’s gone too long. You just get some rest.”
spoiler alert. he keeps the unspoken promise.
He didn’t know what exactly they police were there for, though he was confident it couldn’t be helped by seeing a liquor store in some apartment ridiculously nice for a kid his age.
He rockets up into the sky, feeling the armor shift around him to make the aerodynamics optical for his ascent. It’s an addictive feeling, though he won’t admit just how much he loves it. In his experience, when he admits his feelings, they usually get ripped away.
“Alright, kids. Practice is over with that little bomb trick. It’s game time now,” Tony says, bringing up his hands and locking his knees in preparation for a fight. When no one makes a move, Tony laughs, the sound bitter and mocking. “Why don’t you fuckwads ever have a Plan B?”
“JARVIS, where am I hurting at?” he says, flipping his helmet on over his aching head. He can already feel the dramatic goose egg raising in the back of his skull from the spill he just took on the pavement. It was a sudden explosion, and as unexpected as unexpected explosions can be. The force had knocked him onto the hot pavement like he was a blade of grass in the wind, skinning up his hand and banging up his brain.
“Aye, aye, Cap’n,” Tony joked, trying to ignore the stinging afterthought that came with it. Tried not to think of Steve.
And sitting in the dark (JARVIS must have turned the lights off out of courtesy) all by himself in this big room, Steve breaks.
Seen more of it than he can say. Delivered it. Brushed it off his own shoulders a thousand times. The Grim Reaper has been an old lover for his whole life; breathed her dark breath into Tony’s face, been the first and last kiss on his lips, taken the air right out of his lungs. Easy as anything.
But they didn’t stay on the wrong foot. Couldn’t, really. Not when the Avengers started sharing a communal living space and the two had to see each other every single day. Not when Tony saw Steve folding the team’s laundry like it was his own, not when Steve started making two pots of coffee (one for the brand that Tony likes and one for everyone else) in the morning, and not when Steve told him one very, very unforgettable night that he was sorry for being wrong in the first place.
There’s no question about it. There’s no doubt in his mind that Tony wouldn’t have gotten through the grief if not for Rhodey.
But maybe because Tony can’t breathe
He’s Steve Rogers again. Skeleton-thin, no-immune-system, weak-as-a-baby, worthless Steve Rogers.
“It’s time to go to sleep, Tony,” Steve said, laughing a little, the sound wet. A callback to all the nights they’d spent side by side. All the nights Tony had felt safe.
“I gotta, uh---” he stammered, making a beeline for the door. Tony didn’t even have the chance to respond before Steve said, “Goodnight, Stark” and was out of sight.
Tony couldn’t imagine a kingdom. Maybe he was just too young, but looking at the box that was supposed to hold Jarvis’ body underneath the ground, he couldn’t see it in his mind’s eye.
“I’m fine,” he says, not opening his eyes that he hadn’t realized until now were closed. The dark is nice. “I’m fine, Nat. I swear—“
Steve takes a big, deep breath in.
Not a day goes by that at least one person on the team doesn’t pull Tony aside in a hallway, catch him before a briefing or find him in his workshop to tell him that they appreciate him and all he does for them.
Steve crosses the floor like a man possessed, rounds the corner of his desk so he’s standing over a frankly shells shocked Tony. He drops to his knees as if his legs were made of lead.
It’s so beautiful.
Even though he hears Nat’s voice saying, “That’s it, just breathe, Steve.”
His crying is so loud that when he hears the elevator door open again, he hardly registers it. He can’t bring himself to stop the tears, even though it’s embarrassing as all living hell. It’s probably just Natasha, Steve reasons. And Natasha misses him too. She’ll understand.
“Don’t be.” Tony wasn’t sure if he was hallucinating, because the touch felt like lightning and fire, but then Steve’s fingers were slowly tilting up his chin until they were just inches apart. Steve’s sweet, minty breath blew across Tony’s nose, and he could swear that every single hair on his body stood up. “I think it’s cute.”
If things were alright.
Tony started to nod, feeling hot tears prick at the back of his eyes even though he fought them tooth and nail. His dad told him he was too old to act like a baby. He was too old to cry.
“Let’s get inside, Tones,” Rhodey had said, hands reaching out to touch him. The pressure was grounding, but Tony was still somewhere else. Somewhere far away, where things made sense and his mom wasn’t dead. “You need some water and—“
“— Bruce! He just collapsed—think it’s exhaustion…. Bring water, he’s probably— Tony?”
So in the dark room, he plans.
“I think the better question…” he had begun, but the sound of his mouth was muffled by the floor beneath him. Huh. He didn’t remember falling. Didn’t really remember half the things he did that night. “... Is what did you do?”
Tony, who was usually too proud to accept comfort especially of the physical variety, just fell apart. He was too weak to brush Rhodey off, make up some lie about how he’d be okay, get him to stop combing his fingers through Tony’s hair like how his mom and Jarvis had when he was young. He clung tight to Rhodey that night, and Rhodey, not because he wanted Tony’s money or prestige but because he loved and cared for him like a big brother he never had, clung tight to him.
