Dean patted Cindy on the back and then gave a sharp tug to the long blonde braid that hung down her back.  “Hey!”  She sprang away, hand going protectively to her hair.  Benny laughed.  Turning, she smacked her husband’s arm.  “You shut up.  You’re supposed to defend ME, not laugh along with him!”
The bathroom had an old-fashioned tub rather like their one at home.  They had taken  the champagne with them for a prolonged bubble bath spent wrapped in each other’s arms.  It had been wonderful, warm and full of soapy, sloppy kisses.  Then the two men had dried each other off and crawled back into bed.
And there he was, Matt, coming up to join their group with a bunch of menus in hand.  His cheeks were slightly pink, and he smiled nervously at them.  “Hello.”
Dean stared.  “…….British television is weird.”  Currently there was a trio of men in strange mascot-type costumes being arrested by the police; he couldn’t quite make out why.
For a moment, they were both too startled to respond.  Mary had never been reserved in her affections, but she had seemed fairly unfazed about them going to Europe.  Now it seemed this wasn’t the case.
Slowly, Dean went through each hand motion with Matt.  Charlemagne did the same, standing on Matt’s other side and going through all of the motions with them (which was BEYOND cute).  It didn’t take long before Matt had the hang of it.  He was still slightly unsteady, nervous, but he had it.
He prepared Mary’s favorite bacon and hash browns, and some French toast.  Like him, she loathed eggs (much to the chagrin of Castiel, who loved them), but Dean made some anyway, for his husband, son, and Matt, in case the boy liked them.  If he had stayed.  Dean didn’t know if Matt was even there still, and he didn’t want to go downstairs to check and risk waking him up.  The kid deserved as much sleep as he could get.
They spent nearly three hours at the museum, and to his great amazement, Dean enjoyed almost every minute of it.  Cas DID linger longer than Dean would have on his own, but he was an artist….it was to be expected.  And honestly, there was no way Dean could be bored.  Watching Castiel, seeing the joy on his face as he lingered over each and every work of art…..that was more than enough to keep Dean happy.
Dean didn’t even seem to hear him, still staring at the blonde woman at the counter.  “You….you’re Sylvia.”
“I’m sure you can.  Believe me, I grew up with a dad who was either drunk or never there, and I spent every day figuring out how to earn money to feed my baby brother.  So I know how you feel.  But I also know that it never hurts to accept help.”  Dean could see the emotions warring on Matt’s face so he said nothing more, turning away to make the bed.  Then Cas appeared at the foot of the stairs with pajamas.  “Ah!”  He accepted them and turned to Matt.  “Here.  You’ll probably be more comfortable sleeping in these.  If you don’t want to wear them, that’s fine, too.  And there’s a toothbrush there, also.”  He moved towards the stairs, gesturing.  “There’s a bathroom there, the lightswitch is here.  We’ll be making breakfast tomorrow morning and you’re more than welcome to join us, whether you decide to stay or not.”
“Hold on a second.”  Dean jogged over to a passing couple.  “Would you mind…?”  He proffered his camera and seconds later, Cas found himself wrapped in Dean’s arms again.  “Smile, baby.”
“No.  You are.”  He gave Cas another kiss, then realized the priest was still standing there.  He looked apologetically at the man.  “Sorry, father.”
Dean turned to the boy.  He still looked slightly overwhelmed from all that had just happened, and Dean supposed it wasn’t too surprising.  Life in the Winchester house was a bit like a hurricane at times.  He gestured to the table.  “You want breakfast?”
Dean nodded.  “Definitely.”  He looked at the object of Matt’s hesitance: a large dresser that the men had gotten secondhand from Ellen and Bobby and moved down to the basement for Matt to use.  Or rather, Dean and Matt had just moved it downstairs.  Dean’s shoulders ached from the heavy weight but Matt didn’t look winded at all.
Dean hummed happily, fingers tapping on the wheel of the car as he drove home from the mall.  Tomorrow was Mary’s sixteenth birthday and he had promised Cas he would pick up a second gift for her….besides the car, that is.  But it had taken him a while to choose something, and that left him here, driving home at nine thirty at night. Since it was late March, it was still light out.  That made it more than easy to see the figure lurking in the alleyway a few streets from home.
I actually didn't choose an impala on purpose.  I began doing a search of 60s cars and when I saw that photo I instantly fell in love, and it happened to be an impala.
Immediately, Cas found himself flat on his back, pressed into the mattress as Dean kissed him for all he was worth.
Dinner was a complete success.  When Matt bit into his burger he let out a moan of pleasure.  Cas had done the same at the exact same second.  It was like surround sound, and Dean couldn’t help a bark of laughter.
“Good.”  Dean decided to change the subject.  Clearly talking about his foster mother made Matt sad (understandably so) and Dean didn’t want to push him too far.  Not yet.  “Hey.”  Matt looked up at him inquisitively.  “I was thinking that today we could go to the store….get you some clothes of your own.”
Matt nodded and some of the tenseness in his shoulders relaxed ever so slightly.  He was always nervous when meeting new people and understandably so, what with the situation he was in.  Dean had made sure to tell him a bit about both Cindy and Benny during lunch.  He was careful to mention the way Benny had stood up for him multiple times, going so far as to defend him on the field and in the locker room when he was attacked for being with another boy.  Matt hadn’t said much but it was clear from the look in his eyes that the words meant something to him….meant a great deal.  Dean would wager that Matt hadn’t had many real friends in his life.  He wanted Matt to know what kind of man Benny was, to know that if Matt trusted Dean, he could trust Benny.  The message seemed to have gotten through.
played (how Matt wasn’t completely sick of the film, they would never know).  Chaz was in Matt’s lap, snuggled up as close as could be, laughing happily as Matt held his tiny hands and clapped them through the motions of the hand-jive.
It was cumbersome to drag their luggage through the hallways into the dining area, but it was well worth it to see the way Dean’s face lit up when he saw the beautiful artwork.  “
Dean straightened up and moved to Matt’s side, placing his hands on the boy’s shoulders.  “Matt….you are welcome to stay here as long as you like.  I don’t want you out there selling yourself.”
.”  Castiel’s voice was filled with a sort of awe, and Dean felt warm butterflies as he blushed.  Even after all these years together, Cas could still make him blush.
The roadhouse was fairly quiet when the two men entered.  After all, it was only around noon, and still fairly early for a place like this to get much traffic.  “Majka?” Dean called out.  “Hey, majka!”
Castiel obeyed.  The instant he was naked, Dean pulled Cas to him, pressing their bodies flush together.  Cas wasn’t as patient.  He propelled Dean backwards as they kissed until the backs of the man’s knees hit the bed and sent Dean tumbling onto the mattress, laughing the whole way.  There wasn’t a moment’s pause before Cas was following, kissing Dean as he pinned his wrists down.  Dean made a pleased noise at the show of force, arching up against Cas.  He loved it when the man got all dominant.
This time Sam saw who it was. Some older, slightly heavier guy in a camouflage vest and torn jeans a few seats to the hunter's left. Sam ground his teeth in an effort not to cause a scene. He noticed he was gripping the edge of the counter so hard his knuckles were white, and his body was vibrating with tension.
“You want some painkillers?” Dean asked. He’d heard heat cramps were awful. Lisa said the only time hers eased off was after being knotted, and that wasn’t an option here.
“Oh,” Dean said, feeling heat crawl up his neck. “I just thought... it seemed like something you’d want.”
Dean felt bad, in every sense of the word. He felt bad for worrying Bobby and Sam, he felt bad that he couldn't just get over it, he felt bad that even after everything Castiel had done, he still missed his angel. Not only did he feel bad, he felt sick. Really sick.
“No! It’s not a good thing! I don’t want to be in heat, Dean. You don’t know how uncomfortable this is without an alpha to help.”
Even when they made out, Cas just smelled... happy. He moaned into their kisses, held Dean tight, ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. But he never made a move to take off Dean’s shirt, or grope his ass, or even give him a hickey. Dean never felt Cas get hard or smell aroused. And if Dean got hard, Cas was careful not to grind against it. So Dean followed his lead and ignored it until it went away.
“-any signs or smells that they want sex, then your alpha brain might still get all protective, but you won’t feel the urge to mate.”
If his heart stopped before, now it’s dropping into his guts. What things did Castiel need to think over?
There was sarcasm there, and a little taunting too. But there was something else. Under the protective barrier of humour, Cas could tell it was a genuine offer. Dean was playing it off as a joke so Cas could do either, and neither of them would feel foolish.
Dean considered it. Cas initiated about half their make-outs, but maybe he didn’t know how to take it further. This was all very new to him. Maybe this really was all in Dean’s head, and if he’d just tried for more, he would have gotten it.
Dean smiled. It wasn’t as intense for him, but even he hated the idea of Cas being away from him, even for 10 minutes. But the idea of sharing a shower made his alpha practically purr.
Yeah, he wanted this for the rest of his life. If that meant he was celibate from now on, well, sex didn’t compare to this. Taking care of Cas, washing him, holding him, this was more intimate than any of the sex he’d ever had in his life.
Silence. Sighing, Sam opened the door, hoping he wouldn't see something that would scar him for life.
"Why?" He finally got out. It wasn't really the best thing to say, and it definitely shouldn't have been his first question, but it was all he could manage for now. "Why would anyone, let alone an angel, care about me that much?"
“Look, um,” Dean starts. “I’m the one who caused this, uh...” He gestures between them. What exactly
"Do you think we can ever tell them?" Castiel asked quietly, running the tips of his fingers over Dean's bare stomach.
That made no sense to Dean. Sure, this was Cas’s first heat, it made sense he wouldn’t have recognized the signs at first. But he shouldn’t have been feeling sick.
The tears Dean had been trying so hard to hold back fell with a choked sob. Cas didn't want to keep talking and hurt Dean more, but he had to get this out.
“Nothing. I'm fine Sam.” he said halfheartedly, getting into the car and closing the door quickly, effectively stopping the conversation. Sam huffed.
Dean doesn’t realize he’s crying until the first tear hits his hand. Then the floodgates open and he’s sobbing and wheezing and clawing at the pain in his chest where it feels like his heart is crushed. This time, he hasn’t waited for the job to ruin his relationship, or for a monster to take Castiel away. He’s gone and fucked it up all on his own.
“Shut up,” Dean said, but there was no fire behind it and he knew Charlie knew that. “So when an asexual omega goes into heat and they don’t release the same pheromones as another omega would, does that mean it would be normal for their mate not to be... you know, turned on around them?”
Dean regarded Beth for a moment. He was glad she had taken it that well, but at the same time was a little surprised. He hadn't thought people could be that accepting. Unless she had some experience in that area as well? Maybe he'd ask her about it later.
Sam heard his brother's car spray gravel as he sped away, just as Cas slowly came down the stairs, a somber look on his face. Now this was making more sense.
But looking at Castiel’s smile now, Dean knows that’s not what’s happening. Cas isn’t hanging around because he has no other options. He’s here because he still thinks he and Dean can make each other happy. Because Dean’s problems aren’t too much for him to handle.
Dean knew what Sam meant immediately, but he really didn't want to talk about it. Not with his brother and especially not now, so he feigned innocents.
As if sensing he was being watched, Cas slowly opened his eyes and looked at Dean. The hunter stared back in opened mouthed, wide eyed shock. His brain just simply stopped working. He didn't even have the wherewithal to jump off the bed, to immediately assume this was a shifter or maybe a siren. He was frozen in place, staring into eyes he never thought he'd see again.
“Okay, yeah, but Jimmy was a vessel for over a decade, not just a week or a month. And it’s not like Cas left his body, he became human in it. He might not have regular vessel issues. What if something went wrong during that ritual?”
"Do you hear me, Dean?" the shifter asked numbly. He always seemed to speak in that factual, monotone kind of way. He had an eerie calm about him that made Dean think this guy should have been in a mental institution. The hunter tried to shake it off, only sparing a glance at the monster, more interested in what was going on at Sam's end.
“Of course I do, Dean. I love you. I want to make you feel as wonderful as you make me feel. How could you think I wouldn’t want you as much as you want me?”
Dean thanked Sam before saying goodnight. The younger brother nodded went to lay down in the other room, while Dean squeezed in between Cas and the back of the couch. It was a tight squeeze, but well worth it. He wrapped one of his arms around the angel's waist and snuggled in closer, enjoying the warmth. Dean sighed. He had Cas, and even though tonight had ended badly, there were still leviathans on the loose, and him and the angel still had some issues to sort out, he was happier than he'd been in a long time.
Dean leans in and kisses Castiel. It’s slow and gentle and fills the spaces between his ribs with warmth when Castiel kisses back. After a moment, Dean pulls away so he can look Castiel in the eye.
“Look, you don't have to tell me what he did. Hell, you didn't have to tell me anything, I still would've poured you a drink, but let me ask you this; Why did he do whatever it is he did?”
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel looks up from his book, a gentle smile on his face. “There’s fresh coffee in the carafe, and leftover pancakes in the fridge.”
Any lightness in Dean's features was gone in an instant. He remembered hearing Sam describe Cas over the phone to the doctor, 'cause Dean was too shaken up himself to do it. He hadn't heard what had been said on the other line, but the worried look on Sam's face when his head shot up to look at his brother had been more than enough to tell Dean it was bad.
Dean was looking down at where they were joined too. He smiled and gave Cas' hand a little squeeze. Reluctantly, Castiel pulled his hand away.
Dean wishes it were that easy. That it was a simple argument about whose socks went where, or who let the milk go bad again.
Castiel was still studying the ticket in his hand. He finally met Dean's persistent gaze when he spoke again.
Castiel still looks upset, but he’s looking at Dean again. There’s so much hope in his eyes like he wants to believe what Dean is saying, but part of him is holding on to the conclusions he reached this morning. Dean is determined to sever the thread tying Castiel to the thought that he’s done something irredeemably awful.
They hadn’t had sex yet. After their nightly movie, Castiel usually fell asleep within ten minutes. When they were sparing, Cas had no problem getting in close to grapple with Dean, but he never got hot and bothered the way Dean sometimes did. While they cooked, sometimes Dean would come up behind Cas to hug him and nuzzle into his neck for a moment. Even betas gave off weak pheromones that alphas and omegas could pick up. But Dean only ever smelled relaxed, content Castiel. He never caught even a trace of arousal.
He'd told himself a few weeks after he'd burned Cas' body, that he was gonna get out of bed every morning. That he was gonna breathe in and out, all day long. And he clung to the faint hope that eventually, he wouldn't have to remind himself to get out of bed and just breathe. And that one day, he wouldn't have to think about how good he'd had it, how perfect.
"I don't want to be a vegetable, Dean." Castiel rasped. "When I make that final transition, I want it to be on my own terms."
“I love you.” Dean whispered as he started to drift off. Before he fell asleep, he was sure he heard Cas whisper it back.
Multitasking with his hands and his mouth wasn’t easy, but he was hopeful he would get the chance to practice more. It didn’t help that the absolutely debauched sound Dean made the second Cas’s fingers entered him stole all his attention. Dean’s body gave easily, allowing Cas inside where he was soft and clenching.
Once he had the sheets pulled out, he looked up to see Cas had already started in on the trail mix. He was carefully picking the raisins out while reading the fruit pastry box. Dean made a mental note to get him some actual fruit, not just preserves.
His entire life, Dean has felt his only worth is in what he can give others. He gave his father a babysitter, a blindly loyal soldier, a manly son who could drink anyone under the table and charm any woman into his bed. He gave Sam a confidant, and someone to take the pressure and focus of John off of him. It was such a deeply embedded routine he didn’t know what to do with someone who wanted nothing from him.
Cas did as Dean asked him, and Dean rinsed the shampoo from his hair, careful not to let any of it fall into Castiel’s eyes. When he was satisfied with his rinse job, he reached past Cas for the conditioner, repeating the message from before.
He seemed uncomfortable talking about it, so Beth didn't push for more about that part of the story.
The next Saturday was a fairly lazy day for the boys. The bunker was quiet and calm for a change. Sam was making lunch in the kitchen, Cas was in his room reading, and Dean was leafing through the local papers. He was still willing to drive across the country for a case, but it was nice to have one nearby. Even if it did make it a bit harder, 'cause there was always the risk of someone recognizing them.
Dean looked to Sam. This was the first time his brother had admitted to understanding why Dean had to kill Amy. Even though she only started dropping bodies to save her son, who's to say she wouldn't have started again, now that they had a taste for it? Sam continued, now looking at Dean.
Sam couldn't take it anymore. His silence was almost as bad as outright lying to his brother. Dean would find out pretty quick anyways. In some ways, Sam was sure his brother already knew, he just couldn't bear to admit it. He needed someone he trusted to tell him.
“Sam, am I- Am I Cas?” Emanuel choked out, looking devastated at the possibility. And rightly so. From what he'd heard, Cas seemed awful. He supposedly wrecked another human being. Betrayed him and sent him into a depression. How could he have done something like that and not remember it?
Dean sighed, moving in closer until he was in Castiel’s line of sight. He almost sat on the edge of the bed, but with how Cas had been avoiding him, he settled for crouching on the floor.
The scent lead down the hall to the dormitories. The tears tried harder to fall, but Dean held them back. Cas was fucking this omega in Dean’s room? The room he’d thought of as their room? The room he wanted Cas to stay in every night?
Dean and Cas were sitting up at the counter, talking and laughing easily about nothing in particular. It wasn't too crowded here tonight, a few people were in the nearby booths, a few were mingling on open floor space, and a few other guys were up at the bar a few seats down from the hunter and his angel, talking amongst themselves.
Dean drove as fast as his shitty little car would go on the grids. He fish tailed it around corners, and on a few stretches that were still wet from the rain a couple days ago he'd nearly spun sideways, but he didn't care. Right now he just wanted to see Castiel again, tell his angel that he loved him and that he understood why Cas did what he did.
“Your...?” Dean looked at the sheets again. To soak them and Cas’ robe that much, there must be half a liter of fluid there. No wonder Castiel had been chugging water and tea all week. “This all came... out of you?”
Castiel seemed to be able to focus for a second, his eyes meeting Dean's in a moment of clarity before he swayed again and fell against the hunter.
Matt just looked at him silently.  Dean had no idea what the boy was thinking.  That expression was unreadable.  Then he spoke up.  “Well, shit.”
Dean grinned, patting Matt on the shoulder.  The boy looked both relieved and nervous.  “I….thank you,” he managed.
At the response, Matt’s temper seemed to flare again, eyes once more looking at Dean with anger in them.  “What do you care, anyway?  Why do you give a shit about me?”
Mary clearly felt the same thing, for her face dissolved into the most beautiful smile.  “Of course I will.”  She looked to Dean.  “Start it from the beginning?”
Matt offered a hand and a tentative smile.  Cas, for his part, took the surprise in stride and smiled broadly in return, shaking Matt’s hand.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Matt.”
Dean nodded.  “Yea.  For now.  He’s still too unsettled to make any moves on her.  If he were settled in, more sure of himself, I’d be concerned.  But right now?”  Dean shook his head.  “Not at all.  Besides,” he turned to Cas, grinning.  “Mary could kick his ass.”
It was another gorgeous day out….not quite so sunny as the previous day, but the skies were still clear and a warm breeze was still blowing.  Dean glanced to his husband.  Cas looked deliriously happy, and Dean’s smile grew to see it.  “What’re you most looking forward to seeing?”
“Actually, I think we just came,” Cas murmured from behind him.  Dean’s head whipped about, and he stared at his husband with wide eyes.  Cas just smirked at him.  Dean cracked up.
With one last glare at both her fathers, Mary turned away and stomped down the hallway to her room, slamming the door shut behind her.
Once the last girl had finished her routine, class was done.  “Okay,” Dean spoke up.  “Here are your reviews.”  He handed papers out to each girl, notes he had taken as he watched them dance.  “Read them over.  Commit them to memory.  We’ll talk about them when you get here next week, and then we’ll work on them.”
Dean nodded.  “Yup.  Just agreed to stay for good.”  The words still sent a sharp happiness through him; it didn’t feel real yet.  Cas gave his hand a squeeze, smiling at him.
They reached the high school right as the closing bell was ringing.  It was then that Dean realized that he had absolutely no idea where he was supposed to meet Cas….where the art room was, or the teacher’s lounge, or anything.  “Shit.”
So far the day had been wonderful, the weather glorious.  They had bought a picnic lunch and eaten by the Seine.  Afterwards, they had taken a nice long walk through the Tuileries gardens.  They were positively lovely, especially on a day as nice as this one.  They were also directly adjacent to the Louvre, so it was easy enough to head right over when they were ready.
It pleased Cindy as well.  She patted Benny’s cheek, murmuring “good answer.”  Dean just rolled his eyes.
Dean was watching the exchange with some amusement.  He glanced at Cas only to see that his husband was in the same state.  Cas glanced at him with humor in those blue eyes.
It was a lovely day…slightly overcast but with the sun peeping through the clouds just enough.  Cas pointed out a little side gully.  “How about we pull in over there?”  Dean cocked his head, quirking a brow.  He clearly knew Cas had something else up his sleeve but as always, he trusted Cas to make it good, and so he nodded, and they headed for the secluded spot.
Cas had to fight to stifle his laughter, since he knew laughing when Dean was so upset was not likely to be helpful.  “I don’t know.”  He rubbed Dean’s back.  “We’re almost out of the city, though.  Just a bit further.  Do you want me to take over?”
Mary chose that moment to make her presence known, having changed into her pajamas as she often did right after school.  “What?  We’re getting takeout?  But we only do that on Fridays!”
She truly was a wonderful dancer, though unlike Dean, it hadn’t come naturally.  When Mary had first started, she had been a bumbling klutz.  But she had wanted to dance, and stubbornly stuck it out.  Her hard work had paid off.  Now dancing was a second nature.  No one would ever know she wasn’t a natural.
Dean followed Castiel’s gaze to where a man was busking on the sidewalk.  But he wasn’t playing a guitar or the drums as was most commonly seen among buskers back in the States.  No, this man was playing the bagpipes.  He looked at Cas with surprised delight in his eyes.  The brunette laughed when he saw the expression and, kissing Dean, took his hand and tugged him along.  They each tossed a few pounds into the basket at the buscker’s feet before hurrying on their way to the museum.
They didn’t speak any more on the way home.  At least, Matt didn’t.  Dean talked a lot, telling Matt about Cas and Mary and Charlemagne.  He didn’t speak enough to overload Matt, but he wanted the boy to have a sense of the house he was coming into.
Castiel couldn’t help it; he burst into laughter.  “God, I love you.”  No more hesitation.  Hooking a hand beneath one of Dean’s legs, he pulled it up around his hip as he pressed into the man.  Both of them moaned at the feeling, and Cas had to stop before he got very far.  Dean always felt so tight, no matter how much time Cas spent opening him up.  He let his forehead rest against Dean’s shoulder, breath coming in shallow bursts as he tried to gain control.  Finally, he eased the rest of the way in.  He felt graceful fingers running through his hair, brushing the dark locks back from his sweat-dampened forehead before kissing it.
Cas burst into fresh laughter.  Dean merely shook his head.  “Sorry, babygirl, this trip’s just One and I.”  He smiled at his husband with eyes full of love.  “Should’ve taken him YEARS ago.”
Dancing was not something unusual for the two of them.  They danced together quite frequently.  This, however, sent Cas flying back in time to high school, to the night Dean drove him home and it began to rain, to Dean turning the music on in the car and pulling Cas into a dance.  “
“You idiot.  That’s no reason for you to starve.  We’ve got all night.  Plenty of time to see everything.”
Their shopping done, they headed to the register and checked out.  By the time they were done, the Prius was stuffed near to bursting with bags (they rarely took the Impala shopping….better not to risk spilling milk or dripping melted ice cream on the leather seats).
“Okay,” he said.  “Well, they should be here within the half hour.  I’m gonna make some lunch first.”  He cocked his head.  “Care to join me?”  Matt nodded and Dean smiled.  “Okay, then.  Let’s go.”
As always when Mary smiled at him or touched him, Matt turned bright red, but he returned her smile and went with her and Lauryn into the kitchen.
Dean nodded.  “He substitutes sometimes.  Usually just for elementary schools, but every now and then a middle school or high school will need him.”
Mary shook her head.  “That’s okay.  I didn’t know you were going to be here, so it’s like a surprise.”  She smiled.  “You’re my birthday surprise.”
It was getting late by now.  The two men were walking back to the hotel hand in hand, watching the stars come out over the river.  Castiel’s eyes were twinkling with happiness.  Dean looked at him with a smile.  “Beautiful, isn’t it.”
“Hey!” Claire protested indignantly.  Matt stifled a laugh, which made Dean happy.  He had initially seemed legitimately troubled by the blonde.
Cas smiled at that, shutting off the water and turning to his husband.  “I’d love to.”  He didn’t get to play the piano nearly as often as he’d like to.
Sam offered a hand.  “Hey, Matt.  I’m Dean’s brother Sam.”  Matt accepted his hand, shaking it gingerly.
“Oh.” Dean bit his lower lip.  “You can’t really dance in shoes that are too big, you could turn an ankle or something.”  He pondered the matter for a moment, then shrugged.
Dean didn’t need to hear it a second time.  His hands went to his tie, fumbling even worse than they had earlier that night when he had tried to put the damn thing on.  Cas, meanwhile, was as smooth as butter as he unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it from his shoulders, thoroughly conscious of the way Dean’s eyes were greedily devouring every inch of flesh as it was bared, and loving the attention.  Having Dean under his spell like this, distracted and scrabbling and a complete mess?  God, if THAT wasn’t a complete power trip.
“No!”  The word burst forth.  “No, it just…..”  He seemed to be fumbling for words.  “…..I didn’t know what to say.  I didn’t realize he cared about me like that.”
Castiel looked at his husband, so handsome in a dark suit of impeccable fit, a forest green tie that brought out the color of his eyes.  Dean was smiling, but there was a hint of anxiousness to it.  “Yes, Dean?”
Matt nodded again.  With a shaky inhale, he met Dean’s gaze.  “I’ll stay.”  Dean’s heart soared, but Matt wasn’t done yet.  “For now.”
It was so wonderful to think of….the two of them, alone for two whole weeks.  And not just alone….alone in Europe!  He didn’t know how he would wait a whole month.
A few seconds later, Dean bounced to his feet, fully nude.  “Yup!”  He kicked aside the messy pile of clothes and shoes.  Cas stared at him in disbelief and couldn’t help the burst of laughter.  “Oh, shut up.”
Dean perked up at the question, attention turning to Matt, and he immediately frowned, concerned.  Matt simply shook his head.
He wrapped his arms around Dean, who held him close, and the two men danced together in the rain beneath the moon on the warm Paris night.
Matt had only spoken of his foster mother a couple times before, and it was always with the painful affection of one who has lost a loved one.  Castiel had spoken to Social Services about getting Matt in touch with the woman, and they were going to see if it were possible.  Matt knew nothing of this….they didn’t want to tell him in case it didn’t pan out.  But God, did they hope they did.  Anything to ease the aching pain in his eyes.
When he had the strength, Cas rolled onto his back and tugged Dean into his traditional position half atop him.  Dean snuggled right up under his chin.
you’ve promised to clean your shoes and haven’t done it.  Time to take responsibility for yourself.”
The boy looked away.  “No.”  When he spoke again, his voice was extremely low, barely a whisper.  “My foster mother read it to me.”
.  It was a lovely piece, but they wanted to put their own spin on it.  They weren’t performing it anywhere….this was just something they did.  They had the time and freedom to do whatever they liked, work on what ballets and pieces they chose, choreograph what moves they wanted.  As much as Dean missed performing, there was a certain joy in this that he had never known in any other kind of dancing.
The mansion didn’t have a fence around it or a doorbell, but they must have known they were coming, because the door opened wide and…
They weren’t outright making out, but Meg had left a kiss on Cas’ neck and he had turned to look at her with a soft smirk on his lips. Like she was the only thing that mattered in the whole, entire universe.
He shoved the flutes into their hands, uncorked the bottle and poured the champagne to the brim, all without shutting up.
“I meant what I said, Dean,” he started. “Every word. You were… so important to me. And I did love you.”
“Yeah… permanent death puts a lot of things in perspective,” Dean pointed out. He still felt incredibly awkward, but at the same time… relieved. Sam was right. Honesty really did help. “We’re okay, right? Because I did miss you, man.”
It was quite a fascinating view. Against the purple sky, the stars shone golden and silver, forming a colorful arch above them.
“He must be really busy,” Dean had tried to argue. “What, with running heaven and all of that… I mean, we’ve been here a while and he hasn’t come to see us, so maybe…”
“You don’t have to be. I didn’t tell you because I wanted an answer. I always knew I wasn’t going to be as important to you as Sam or Mary were. I never expected you to love me back.”
Gabriel groaned. Despite all the time that had passed, it seemed like he still hated any sort of serious conversation.
“Well, I’m glad you’re here,” Castiel said, grabbing her hand and leaning over to leave a peck on her cheek.
At some point, someone put on music and Gabriel started singing and dancing around the deck. He pulled Samandriel to his feet and forced him into a deranged waltz with him, and though the angel’s face turned absolutely red, he ended up laughing along.
Castiel stood at the end of the dock. The light breeze moved his signature trench coat and messy dark hair. His face lit up when he turned around to see them.
’s second in command, so he’s been the busiest of all of us,” Hannah pointed out. “It’s nothing personal that he never let you and your brother know he was alive again.”
Castiel stopped near the door and turned to look at him, tilting his head the way he did when he was curious or confused. Dean took a deep breath.
“Apparently,” Hannah agreed. An awkward silence fell between them before she said: “Okay, is anybody going to…?”
“Not as much as I was expecting. He mostly said that a lot of things made sense now.” Sam chuckled and sipped from his margarita. “So, what about you, guys?”
Cas breathed in deeply. Dean didn’t think he’d live to see the day —well, he hadn’t, technically— where he would see the angel getting this uncomfortable, but there they were.
“I see,” Gabriel said in the end. He put the mint leaf in his mouth and craned his neck to look through the glass door. “Boy, they’ve been gone for a while, huh?”
They didn’t have to walk or get to the car. Cas snapped his fingers and they appeared at the top of a hill, among a vast extension of trees. The cottage was small and surrounded by a small garden with a picket fence. Rose bushes grew all around it.
“Hey, Garth told us about the Purgatory thing… do you think it’s possible we can get Benny up here?” he asked as they started making their way back to Marilyn Monroe’s mansion.
“Yes, we settled some things and I think we’re both better for it,” Castiel admitted. “But as I have told you many times in the past decades, I’ve let go of those feelings. And I’m happy to have found you again and picked up from where we left off.”
“Thanks.” Dean rubbed at his eyes. This was really harder than he was expecting it to be, and he had avoided it for decades because he was sure it would be horribly hard already. “And thank you for seeing the best of me. Even when I didn’t always show it to you.”
. Dean had spent so many years on the receiving end of angels’ irritation, wrath and murderous intents that he didn’t really know how to deal with these nice, happy, helpful angels. They mostly kept to themselves, but when a soul needed something in particular, they could pray and an angel would appear to help them out.
“Well, since you offered so generously.” Meg put a platter with beers and a bowl of nachos and queso on his hands. “Take it away, Dean-o.”
“Well, the Lord… I mean, Jack,” Hannah corrected herself with a sigh, as if she was never going to get used to that. “As you see, He’s done some changes to Heaven and brought a lot of us out of the Empty, but that’s not the only thing he’s changed.”
and got inspired,” Gabriel said. “He’s also big on free will, so he lets us stay here and help or if we want, we can go downstairs and do good deeds. Or just party. That’s what Balthazar’s been doing, mostly. Michael too. The second he was out of the Empty, he came here to pick up the Milligan boy and they both booked it back to Earth to enjoy its infinite pleasures.”
Matt had been with the family for a little over a month now, and things were going relatively smoothly.  He still had little bursts of anger now and then, which really didn’t surprise Dean.  He was fairly certain that Matt had ODD: oppositional defiant disorder.  It was a common problem among children who came from bad home situations, who suffered from neglect or abuse.  He still didn’t know much of Matt’s history but he
as drawn by John Tenniel.  As an avid reader and long-time lover of the book, Dean had flipped out when Cas had found the place.
“I figured as much.”  Matt made no response, his gaze returning to his plate.  “You do that often?”  Silence.  “Or was that the first time.”
“That’s cuz Two slacked on dinner tonight.”  Cas ignored Dean’s indignant “hey!” and smiled down at his son.  “We’re ordering pizza.”  He looked around the room.  “Does everyone know what they want?”
“Great.”  Cas gave a little nod in the direction of the two boys, but Dean had already noticed, a huge smile spreading across his freckled face.
“Yea.”  The words were tossed over his shoulder as Dean headed off in search of one.  “On old ships they were what was used to secure ropes and rigging, but you always see them used in books and films as an improvised weapon.”
“Great!”  Jared pulled away to smile at his uncle.  That smile was all Sam, but the eyes were Sarah’s.  He was a gorgeous kid.
Cas began clearing the table as they finished, piling the dishes in the sink.  Dean looked to Matt.  “Would you like to come and watch practice?”
“Hey.”  Matt picked up the box of cereal still sitting on the table and poured himself a bowl, moving to get the milk from the fridge.  But when he returned to the table, his attention was immediately drawn to Dean, who had pulled out a pair of dance slippers.  “…..what’re you doing?”
Matt stared at him like a deer in the headlights.  Cas sat on Matt’s other side, rolling his eyes.  “Ignore him, Matt, he’s joking.”
Dean nodded rapidly.  “Yea I’m okay.  Fuck.  Don’t stop.”  Cas couldn’t help but smile at the desperation in his husband’s voice.
Charlemagne, trying to help, picked up one of Castiel’s art cases and upended it, dumping pastels and charcoals all over the floor, much to Cas’ horror.  The poor man was not having a good morning.
It had been almost two months since Matt had begun living there, and in that time, Charlemagne had become extremely attached to him.  Luckily enough, the older boy was equally attached to the child.  Charlemagne had smiled his way beneath all of Matt’s surly defenses and right into his heart, and it was barely possible to tear him away from Matt’s side when the two were home at the same time.  At the moment, they were curled up in front of the television as
“Yay!”  He leapt into his father’s arms, which he was really too big to do.  Dean let out an ‘oof’.  Cas shook his head with a smile.
“Then stop being ridiculous.  It’s already two hours past your bedtime.  And don’t try to pretend you’re not going to be up for at least another hour, reading by flashlight.”
Dean snuggled closer to Castiel, curled up with his head in the man’s lap.  Cas was looking through a London tour book.  He had several other tour books beside him, for not just London but also Italy and France.
Cas shouldered his bag again.  “Well, then.”  He looked to Dean and Matt with a smile.  “Shall we go?”
Dean shook his head.  “Not at all.  Maybe we can even convince Cas to come and play the piano for us.”
Cas ran one thumb along Dean’s brow, the crow’s feet starting to develop, lines marking the years of time they had been together.  He had loved every single one, and he looked forward to the many more they had to go.  “I love you, too.”
Matt took the plate gratefully.  “Thank you.”  He sank into the chair opposite Mary, staring studiously at the plate and avoiding her blue gaze.
This is for my lovely Bekki.  There's something in here that only you will understand.  I hope you recognize it.  <3
“Do you have any family?” Dean asked softly, keeping his voice gentle, not wanting to frighten the boy.  “Anyone else who needs looking after?”
“Well, it was a good idea.”  Dean was struggling with his tie.  He was usually good at tying these things.  It had to be all the excitement coursing through him.  Despite having a whole day in town, he was still bouncing with exhilaration, and it was making things difficult.
“Yup.”  Dean leaned in and kissed his husband.  “Now let’s go.  You have no clue how long I’ve dreamed of going here.”
“Thank you.”  She really did have the most engaging smile.  She took after Claire that way.  It lit up her whole face and made whoever she was smiling at feel as if they were the center of her entire world.
Cas ran his hands through his hair, attempting to flatten it.  Still, it was all to no avail.  It never was.  “I just thought it would be nice to dress up for the show.”  There were two theatres in town, both of which played Shakespeare’s works throughout the year.
“And YOU are welcome to stay up as long as you want to,” Dean continued.  “There’s a turntable and a TV downstairs.  But SHE,” and he pointed at Mary, “has to go to bed.  Cuz school.”
“That sounds WONDERFUL.”  Cas sighed the words.  Dean chuckled.  He loved seeing Cas so happy.  He couldn’t wait till they were actually abroad.  “We can go to the Louvre?”
Cas smiled as he watched the two of them.  His fingers flew across the pages in his lap, charcoal sketching out the picture before him, capturing the moment forever.  If only Dean were here.
Mary’s voice rang out over the sound of Matt’s stifled laughter; Dean turned and saw her fighting her way through the crowd, Chrissy by her side.  Finally she made it over to them.  “What’re you doing here?”
His husband rolled his eyes. “You’re so dramatic.”  He smiled.  “Gonna take pictures for Mrs. Harrison?”
Cas simply blushed.  “Shut up and get in the boat.”  Laughing, Dean obeyed, and Cas followed suit.  Neither had ever been in this sort of boat before, and it took a bit before they managed to figure out how to row it, but quickly they fell into a smooth rhythm and were gliding down the river.
After taking the fastest shower possible and shoving himself into the clothes Dean had chosen for him (he would say he hoped it all matched but honestly it was more likely Dean had selected coordinated clothing than if he had picked it himself), the two of them said goodbye to their hotel for the night and headed out.
“Here.”  Dean handed Mary her own paper.  “You did good, babygirl.”  Then he grinned.  “Doesn’t mean you don’t have stuff to fix.”
“She’d better.”  Dean leaned up to meet Cas for a kiss, smiling at his husband.  “I made hamburgers for dinner."
“Noooo,” Charlemagne whined, clinging to his father, one tiny hand clutching at Dean’s short hair.  Dean winced.
Dean nodded, shoving his chair back and rising.  “Be back in a few.”  At the top of the stairs, he knocked gently on the doorframe.  “Matt?”  There was no answer.  “Matt, I’m coming down.”  He headed down the stairs slowly so as not to burst in on Matt, but he needn’t have worried….the boy was just sitting on the edge of his bed, that shaken look still on his face.
’ was widely considered to be Shakespeare’s worst play.  Some scholars questioned whether it was even his, which Castiel personally didn’t understand.  There was some debate that the writing style was different, but he had never seen that.  Neither did Dean, who adored the piece, and was eternally frustrated that almost no theatre ever put the show on.  “Well, I’m glad we got to see it.”
, the men had returned to Oxford and headed to Alice’s Shop.  It had actually been a shop during the time that Dodgson was at Oxford, and Alice Liddell had bought her sweets there.  As such, Dodgson had included it in
The girls waved, a chorus of “bye”s ringing out as they tromped down the stairs and out into the night.
Dean and Cas were home when he arrived, Mary shut away in her room.  “Hey, guys.”  Cas scooped Chaz into his arms, spinning him around and delighting in the giggles that resulted.  Then he noticed the shaken look on Matt’s face and his brow creased in worry.  “Matt, are you okay?”
The two showered together, despite the relatively small size of the shower, giggling as though they were teenagers again.  Dean was unsurprised but delighted to find that the hotel’s restaurant served tea with breakfast.  He would wager that most places served tea with all meals.
Ellen was looking appraisingly at Matt, who was becoming more and more unsettled by the minute.  “….I think we may have a spot for him,” she said at last.
Dean shook his head, smiling at his husband.  Then, he turned his attention to Matt.  “So, it’s okay with you if we postpone your lessons with Cindy until we get back from the trip?  I mean we could have a lesson or two before we leave if you’d like, but I’d rather get a nice, fresh start when we return.  Plus that gives Cas and I more time to plan our trip.  Is that okay?”
“The river?”  Dean didn’t even try to hide the eagerness in his voice, and Cas stifled a laugh.  “You’re taking me out on the river?”
Dean stared; he didn’t know what else to do.  He looked from Cas, to the priest, to the flowers.  The flowers.  They were bright yellow, with ribbons as if to tie them on.
“Sorry.”  Moving to Dean’s side, Cas wrapped his arms around the man’s neck.  “Any way I can make it up to you?”
They never did get around to dancing that night.  They DID get Matt’s shoes, a process which didn’t take long at all, and when they got home, Dean showed Matt how to place and attach the ribbons.  It was then that the others got home.  Cas lit up when he saw that Dean had spoken to Matt and that the boy had indeed wanted to dance.
Cas took Dean’s hands, pulling the man to him and giving him a kiss.  “Come to bed,” he said softly.
Castiel couldn’t help the burst of laughter.  “No, Chaz.  We’re at the studio, remember?”  He could see the memories coming back to the kid.  “Gotta head back to the house, go to bed.”
Castiel looked surprised, and a little amused.  “I love you too.”  He stroked Dean’s cheek.  “What brought that on?”
Hope you're still enjoying it!  I can't guarantee how quickly it will be uploaded, but I'll do my best!^^  <3
I actually picked out 'Grease' before remembering the Sandra Dee thing, and then I remembered and lol'd.
The next morning, Matt woke up early, although neither Cas nor Dean was surprised.  Charlemagne had chosen to remind them last minute that he was supposed to have a permission slip signed for school so he could go on a field trip to the Mystic Aquarium.  A field trip that took place that day.  Unfortunately, he had no idea where he had PUT said permission slip.  Chaos ensued, both men tearing apart every room in the house as they searched for it.
“Just for a moment.”  He gently tugged at Dean’s hand, greatly enjoying the confusion on his face, but Dean let himself be pulled along.  Once inside, however, the interior caught Dean’s attention and he began to look around in wonder, eyes wide at the beauty of it all.  Cas leaned in and gently kissed his cheek.  “You look around.  I’ll be right back.”
“Well I want to take him to a few different places….London, Paris, Italy….but most important is London.”
Dean smiled.  “Wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t.  Like I said last night, you’re always welcome, Matt.  We’d like to have you here as long as you want to stay.”
Shopping had actually been a lot of fun.  Now that Matt had a job and was able to contribute to his stay with the Winchesters, he was much more relaxed about living with them (thank GOD).  This extended to their trip to the mall.
This time, Dean’s smile was much more relaxed; he leaned his head on Castiel’s shoulder and they settled in together for the remainder of the long, LONG flight to London.
There was a pause, and when Matt spoke up again, his voice was hesitant.  “S’that because you grew up taking care of your brother?”
Dean stared.  He couldn’t believe what he had just heard.  That was the most outgoing, boldest thing he had yet heard Matt say.  Just as if he felt at home here.
“I didn’t want to.” Cas’ tone was apologetic.  “You’ve been so good about letting me see everything; I want to let you see everything you want to see, too.”  Dean gave him a little shove.
“Yup.”  He continued his path, trailing his tongue from Dean’s navel down to his shaft, achingly hard, and gave it no more than a teasing lick before swallowing him down.
Matt still looked nervous, but he nodded at last.  “Okay.”  The answer was barely audible, but Dean would take what he could get.
know the boy came from a foster home, which made him think Matt’s birth parents had either died or been lacking in some manner, whether just not having enough money to support him or having some sort of personality problem.  And Matt had left that foster home at a young age, which meant that something had gone wrong.  He seemed to think fondly of the woman who had taken care of him, so it seemed likely that something had happened to her rather than that he just got taken away from her.  That in itself was enough to mess with someone’s head.  All in all, whatever the boy’s circumstances, they had clearly given him an attitude adjustment, and not a good one.  Since there was no cure for ODD (if that was indeed what this was), all they could do was wait it out. But all things considered, the outbursts weren’t bad, rather they were becoming few and far between.
Cas could clearly sense Dean’s emotions; his charcoal-stained fingers slipped into Dean’s, squeezing gently.  Dean smiled at his husband.  “I love your new piece.”
Matt’s eyes widened, going huge and round, almost all whites.  He stammered, searching for an answer that wouldn’t come.  Matt seemed unsure, it was true, but he didn’t seem upset, and Dean was so happy to see it.
“Don’t I know it.”  They planned to see the Globe, Westminster Abbey, and the British Museum.  It was their last full day in London and they wanted to make the most of it.  He snuggled closer to Cas, stealing another kiss.  “I love you.”
Matt had proved a difficult shopper.  He clearly felt guilty about having things bought for him and kept trying to pick out what was cheapest, though they were clearly not things he liked.  It took a while before Dean was able to suss out the boy’s taste and manage to convince him to try some things on.  In the end they had only bought a few things.  It would take a lot of convincing to get Matt to let Dean take him on a REAL shopping trip.  Convincing and trust.
He walked with Matt to the top of the stairs, pausing.  “You still have everything you need down there?  The pajamas we gave you, the toothbrush?”  Matt nodded.  “Okay.  Well, if you need anything else, just let us know.  Our bedroom is down there.”  Dean pointed.  “That one at the end of the hall.”  He gave the boy a smile.  “Night.”
“Good.”  With that, he headed over to look through the shelves.  He found several books that sounded interesting.  Maybe he could take them out under Charlemagne’s card.  A few shelves in, he stumbled across
Mary made a face.  “Oh God, it was gross.”  Dean cracked up.  “No, seriously.  Do you know how creepy it is hearing kids you know gush over your dad?”
It didn’t seem as if Mary had caught on yet, for she cocked her head in that same puzzled tilt her father was so famous for.  “….yes…?”
Within half an hour, they were off the plane, bags in hand.  It was surprisingly sunny out, for London.  Dean had been lead to believe that it was always rainy in England, but the sun was shining brightly.
He took as quick a shower as possible—it seemed pointless, since he would just have to shower again after dancing—and headed into the bedroom to slip into his traditional cutoff capri sweats and tanktop hoodie.
Dean’s fingers were working at the buttons on Castiel’s shirt.  “No one is home until Matt gets out of work tonight.”  Those green eyes looked up, meeting Cas’ gaze, and there was a heat in them that made Cas weak in the knees.  “And I have plenty of ideas on how to spend that time.”
They spent far too long in the gift shop, which was no surprise.  Dean found a bust of Shakespeare, just like he’d wanted to bring home for Mrs. Harrison.  They still hadn’t found anything that screamed Mary’s or Matt’s names, which was frustrating, but they knew that they would know it when they saw it, and there was still both France and Italy to look forward to.  They would find it.
“Well you’ve got an incredible natural talent,” Dean told him.  “And more dedication to practicing than I’ve ever seen from anyone.  I can see you going far.”
Dean pushed open the door, eyes immediately scanning the crowd.  Matt was nowhere in sight.  It didn’t mean anything (the boy had been training in all aspects of Roadhouse work) but Dean felt that immediate stirring of worry.  He always worried when he didn’t see Matt around, unable to help but be afraid that someday Matt would up and vanish.
Dean glanced at Cas, and there was that smirk in his eyes that Cas had fallen in love with all those years ago. “Why Castiel, I have no idea what you could be talking about.”
Cas found his back being slammed up against the door and his mouth covered by Dean’s in a deep, feverish kiss.  He clung to his husband’s shoulders as the kiss swept through him and left him trembling.
Dean shook his head.  “Don’t worry.  It’s not dancing.  Just hand motions.”  Matt still looked nervous but he nodded and stood beside Dean, waiting for instructions.
Cas laughed.  “Oh, don’t even give me that.”  He bumped their shoulders together, jostling Dean off balance.  The blonde just laughed.  Cas was right.  He knew exactly what Cas was referring to.
It was mid-July.  Matt had been dancing for a little over a month now, and he was doing great.  He seemed to have a natural ability, just like Dean, and he truly did love it.  He spent most of his free time practicing, even when Dean wasn’t available to work with him, and as such he was developing at a far faster pace than Dean ever would have expected.
This was honestly probably the most excited Castiel had yet been this trip, and it was all Dean could do to smother his laughter.  This did not go unnoticed by Cas, who threw him a not very convincing glare.  “Shut up.”
“Definitely.”  Cas kissed Dean softly, stroking his cheek.  Dean hummed into the kiss, gently nipping Cas’ lip as he pulled away.
Slowly but surely, they began to make progress.  Soon they were nearly out of the city and onto more remote roads.  Then Dean made another wrong turn and had to hit the brakes again.  “MOTHER
Dean couldn’t be bothered by those two extra words.  They would cross that bridge if and when they came to it.  Matt was staying.  That was all that mattered.  “Thank you.”  He couldn’t stop smiling.
I have recently been suffering MAJOR computer issues. I bought a new one last January only to have it break a few months ago and delete all of my works. You can imagine the heart attack THAT gave me. It deleted absolutely EVERYTHING. Luckily they managed to restore most of it, but it promptly deleted it all again (luckily after I had saved it to a usb drive), so I had to buy a new one, but this one keeps fritzing as well. So I apologize for any and all delays. I have no idea what’s going on. Technology hates me. 😭😭😭
Cas laughed.  “Hey, it sounds good to me.  Little half hour cat-nap, then we’ll order up some dinner?”
Mary scarfed down her burger at top speed.  Were it anyone else, he might be worried they would be sick, but Mary could take it like one of those food eating champions…..Most Hot Dogs in One Sitting.  Matt almost looked in awe as she finished two burgers before he had even finished one.  Points for him for not being grossed out that a girl did something considered so clichéd “manly”.
“Cas!”  Speak of the devil.  “Cas, look what I—” Dean came barreling around the corner but stopped dead when he saw the woman at the counter, his eyes going huge and round.  “Oh my God.  Oh my God.”
“So are we!” Dean’s yell came from the living room.  Cas’ smile grew.  We.  Dean said ‘we’.  That meant Matt was still there.  He set his messenger bag down and headed into the living room, but stopped dead at what he saw, caught completely by surprise.
Dean grabbed the remote and started the song from the beginning.  This time, it wasn’t just him and Charlemagne, Mary and Cas.  No, this time there was a fifth member of the group.  This time Matt was there.  Matt was there, dancing alongside them with a look of sheer joy and utter content on his face, as if he was right where he belonged.
He decided he would force a situation to come up where he could ease into the discussion.  He waited for a day when Matt was off from work and made sure his dance bag was close-by, then waited until the boy came upstairs that morning.
“I’m a writer,” Dean answered, erasing a period and merging two sentences with a semi-colon.  Matt mulled this over for a few moments, then something registered in his face, eyes narrowing in suspicion.
"Cas....you called the captain of the opposing debate team an assbutt up onstage during the finals at the state championship. In front of everyone."
It was the first time Dean had heard Matt’s full name.  He filed it away and pushed forward.  “I was thinking maybe he could work for you?”
Dean gave Matt a reassuring smile and then opened the door.  Cindy spilled into the room and pounced on him, nearly sending them both to the floor.  He managed to catch her, laughing.  “Geez, what’re you trying to do, kill me?”
Dean was feeling really good about himself. Even when Hannah stood around him awkwardly, clearing her throat several times.
Maybe he didn’t need to say anything after all. He stepped back and knocked on the door to warn them before coming in.
“Yeah, he did well for himself,” Sam answered. He reached for the door handle, but stopped short of opening the door when Dean called his name.
“No, Cas, I…” Dean shook his head. He was floored that Cas thought he had another obligation to them, after everything… “I mean, when I got here and Bobby told me you were around, I… I didn’t exactly come running to find you.”
Cas just stared at him, and dammit, could he maybe not do that? Dean was having a hard enough time as it was.
owe you better. Even if I couldn’t give you what you wanted from me, you know? Even if I could never… reciprocate.”
She didn’t have to clarify that the subtext of that sentence was that Dean had only made Cas miserable.
“Brochachos!” Gabriel exclaimed, opening his arms. He was wearing sunglasses and a bathing suit and had a champagne bottle and flutes on each hand. “About fucking time!”
They kept walking, their shoes sinking on the sand, the lake’s waters licking at the small beach. Dean swallowed.
“Alive? Yeah, lots of us are!” Gabriel said, as he guided them through the elegant living room towards a glass door that opened on a small dock. “Jack’s been getting us out of the Empty one by one; I’m not sure what kind of agreement he reached with Them, so don’t ask me. I stay out of politics these days, because damn if I didn’t have enough of that for several lifetimes. All I know is the system works and… you remember Hannah and Samandriel, right?”
Dean grinned.  “Good.  Oh!  Would you wanna come with me this afternoon to pick up Chaz and Cas?  He’s substitute teaching today…..standing in for the art teacher at Mary’s school.”
Cas kissed his way down Dean’s throat, pausing here and there to gently nip the flesh.  When he reached the planes of Dean’s chest, he let his tongue flick across a nipple.
Sure enough, Dean was a mess, practically mewling as he clutched at the sheets.  Then Cas reached around and took his cock in hand and it was just too much for him.  It had been too long since they’d had the time to do anything more than exchange handjobs or blowjobs.  This was a sensation overload.  He came with a cry of Castiel’s name, holding nothing back.  He didn’t need to…..not when none of the kids were home.
“Yea.”  Dean kissed her cheek.  She pulled away to regard them each in turn, her blue eyes glistening with tears.
The excitement was plain to see on Cas’ face.  They didn’t have any big plans for their first day in France but it didn’t matter.  They would still be in France.  That was enough.
The blonde simply shook his head and turned away to explore more.  “God help you if I find a belaying pin.”
It was clear throughout all of this exchange that Matt was trying his best not to laugh.  Dean was so happy to see it.  He wanted Matt to be happy there.  Wanted Matt to stay.  He looked at the boy.  “You wanna crash again?  Breakfast won’t be quite as spectacular tomorrow, but I work from home, so I generally make something.  And lunch.”
“And we don’t have museums here in the U.S?”  Those hazel eyes narrowed and Dean had to laugh.  “Kidding, I’m kidding!”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “No, Matt.  Yes, I may have stopped because I know the situation because I’ve been there.  But one only has to talk to you for two minutes to see what a good kid you are.  Despite how you act.  I know because I was the same way.  You’re trying to push people away before they leave on their own, because it hurts less that way.”  He could see the words register in Matt’s eyes, the pain at the truth in Dean’s words.  “But you can try as hard as you want, I’m not going anywhere.  None of us are.”
“Majka, don’t do that,” Dean groaned.  “He doesn’t know us well enough to know when we’re joking.  You’re gonna make him think you hate him.”
Thank you so much to everyone who has stuck by this story despite the huge delays, and for all of the support about my depression.  You've been wonderful and I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.  <3
Dean nodded enthusiastically and moved to stand beside the painting, smiling as Cas took the photo.  “This is
Dean was halfway down the hall when the voice stopped him.  “Dean?”  He was caught completely by surprise.  Matt hadn’t yet called him by his name.  He hadn’t used any sort of address for him…. “mister”, “sir”….anything.
“I was wondering if you and Bela might be willing to stay here at our house for a couple weeks.  With Lauryn, of course.  I want to take Cas to Europe—“ but he got no further, for Charlie was squealing in excitement.
Dean carefully placed the tray in her lap, and leaned in to kiss her on the cheek.  “Mary, baby, I have….well….some news and a question for you.”
Castiel’s heart broke.  A glance at Dean told him that his husband was feeling the same.  Dean’s beautiful green eyes were glistening with tears; he brushed the back of his hand across his eyes to wipe them away.  “Of COURSE we’re letting you stay!”  Cas insisted.  “There was never any question about that!” Matt looked somewhat reassured, but still hesitant “What, did you think we were going to kick you out or something?”
He took a deep breath.  He never liked talking about his past.  Mary knew all about it by now (she was old enough) but it still wasn’t a subject he enjoyed discussing.  “You know about my childhood.”  She didn’t know about his attempt at hooking (and if Dean had his way, she wouldn’t know until she was as old as Sam was when HE found out), but she knew about how he grew up hustling to take care of Sam.
There were several more seconds of silence and Dean was worried that the teen wasn’t going to say a thing.  Then, Matt spoke up.  “…..Charlemagne called me his brother today.”
Dean was completely taken aback.  “Sam??”  And sure enough, there he was, Dean’s gigantor of a brother, seated at the bar and discreetly watching them.  When he saw Dean looking his way, he gave a wave.
They lay wrapped together in bed, breath coming heavily.  The window was open, a warm summer breeze rifling the curtain and carrying with it the sweet scent of freshly cut grass.
Matt’s face was bright red now from Dean’s words.  He scowled.  “So what, this is some kind of karma thing?”
Oh.  OH.  That explained a lot.  Matt was another casualty of the foster system.  Whatever happened to his birth or foster parents, Dean didn't know, but somehow Matt had ended up on the street, nowhere to go.
The man wore a pair of glasses with dark frames, and was clad in a red sweater vest, despite the fairly warm weather.  At Matt’s voice he looked up, that glare making his face ugly.  “This boy shouldn’t be on the computer.”
“Mm…..gonna do anything else besides scrub me down?”  Dean trailed his fingers lightly and teasingly up and down Cas’ side in a way that made the man shiver.
“Yea…..”oops”.”  Dean moved to the table and set down the wrinkled piece of paper, signing it with a flourish perfected at so many book signings.  “Okay, we’re all set.”  He handed it over to Cas.  “You guys better get going, before you’re late.”
Charlemagne reached right between the two and tugged a film out.  “What’ve you got there, kiddo?”  Mary took the DVD from him and immediately groaned.  “Not again!”
Dean felt ridiculously proud, considering Matt wasn’t his trueborn son.  He was so distracted watching Matt smile as he talked with the customers that he almost didn’t hear Ellen’s next words.  “He’s a great kid.”
Matt flushed at the excitement in Mary’s voice, and Cas stifled a laugh behind his hand.  Dean shook his head in exasperation.  “No, Mary.  He’s going to dance with Cindy.”
“Yea.”  Dean’s cheeks hurt from grinning.  “So I plan for a week in London, then split the second week between Paris and Italy.  Though I’m going to let him decide if that’s what he wants to do or if he’d rather split it up another way.”
Dean looked up at the church towering over them.  “Holy Trinity?  I thought we were going tomorrow morning!”
“We’re going, we’re going!” Dean called.  He spared one final glance for the living room where Matt was watching the two men leave, a wide smile on his face.  Dean couldn’t help but grin.  Matt was happy.  So far in the nearly four months Matt had lived with them, Dean and Cas hadn’t hidden their relationship at all, but they had tried to keep the blatant physicality to a minimum so as not to put the boy off.  Now it seemed as if such things wouldn’t bother Matt at all.
Dean cut Matt off.  “It doesn’t matter.  I’m sure I could find someone else who can use them.”  He rose to his feet with a smile.  “Okay?”
“Ah…” Matt was completely at a loss, not wanting to be rude but unable to find the right words.  Besides, despite his complete inability to handle the attention, it was clear that he wasn’t completely immune to the flirtations, if the flush on his cheeks was anything to go by.  “That would be nice.”
Dean stared down at his son, maintaining that serious facade.  Charlemagne’s lower lip was jutted in a pout, eyes pleading.  Dean couldn’t keep teasing him.  Not with a face like that.  He leaned down and kissed the boy’s forehead.  “Yea, Chaz.  We’re getting pizza.”
Matt looked unsure.  He turned his attention to Dean, who shrugged.  “It’s up to you,” the man answered.  “You’re welcome to stay and keep watching, but we won’t be offended if you go.”
“You’re welcome.”  Before sitting, Dean poured Matt a glass of orange juice and put that by his plate as well, then sat down across from the boy.  He turned his attention back to his laptop, pretending to give it his full attention while still managing to keep an eye on Matt.  Matt, in turn, was watching him.
That made Cas laugh.  “I know!  He’s always so shy around her.”  He stroked Dean’s hair.  Dean nearly purred with happiness; his body unconsciously rolled teasingly up against Castiel’s.  The action made Cas shiver, his breath hitching.  “Dean…”
Dean shook his head.  “We’re not starting for another week.” He finally managed to snag a box of Honey Bunches of Oats from the top shelf and dropped it into the shopping cart with a noise of satisfaction.  “She and Benny just got home from the Cape, so they’re going to take a couple days to settle back into their routine.”
Charlemagne stared up at them, eyes huge.  Dean put a reassuring hand on his head, despite the fact that he was equally lost.  “What’s going on?”
Dean nearly shook his head in exasperation, but he understood the boy’s anxiety all too well, and he would never do such a thing.  “It was great, Matt.”  A happy smile broke over Matt’s face and Dean couldn’t help but mirror the look.
He smiled softly.  “That was nice of her.”  The smile turned teasing as he poked the boy.  “Unless you thought they sucked.”
Dean brushed a gentle kiss to his lips.  “Yea.”  A smile curved across that perfect mouth.  “Be better if you were moving.”
“I have to sew the elastics.”  And Matt saw now that it was true, the elastics that should have criss-crossed the foot were only attached on one end each.  Dean was carefully marking the place where each one would need to be sewn down.  This really was all incredibly fascinating and Matt didn’t know why.
Those few words made Dean melt, made him so very happy.  “Thank you, Charlie,” he whispered.  “Thank you so much.”
Cas felt a tiny tug on his shirtfront and looked down.  Charlemagne was gazing up at him with an imploring look in those big brown eyes.  “Can I come?” His voice was pleading.  Castiel ached to hear it.
They had stopped right beside Anne Hathaway’s Cottage, the early home of Shakespeare’s wife.  It was lovely, a picturesque little cottage.
Suddenly, it began to rain.  It was very light, just enough to patter against the cobble stones and to send the most uptight of vendors packing up their carts.
Dean, however, didn’t look surprised so much as disappointed that Matt was still so worried that they were going to kick him out.  "Matt...you don't seem to have gotten it yet but we want you here, and we always will." He smiled softly.  "You're not getting rid of us. Trust me. Once we're attached, we don't give up."
“Oh, I was thinking of washing a pair of these.”  He glanced up at Matt and saw that yup, the boy’s dark eyes were focused intently on the dance shoes.  “Hey….would you have any interest in learning to dance?”
Somehow, she didn’t seem at all bothered by Dean’s strange behavior, only nodded with a smile.  “I am.  And you must be the writer.”
Cas’ response was to pinch Dean’s butt….hard.  Dean yelped, jumping away.  “Hey!”  He rubbed the now sore spot, grumbling “jerk.”
They had been wandering the town for several hours now.  It was a beautiful place, so lovely and quaint, like stepping into a time machine.  Shakespeare’s Birthplace Museum was the building where he grew up.  It had been turned into a memorial in 1847 and half was a recreation of a typical home for the time Shakespeare lived.  The other half was an exhibit of the historical characters of Shakespeare’s canon works and a history of the house itself.
.”  Dean’s head tipped back against the pillow as he moaned his pleasure.  Cas took advantage of all the bared skin by latching his mouth onto it, kissing and nipping Dean’s throat as he continued to rock into that tight heat.
It had been their second time shopping and the first time since Matt had gotten his job, and the change in the boy’s demeanor was incredible.  He wasn’t tense, scanning through the items for the cheapest he could find.  This time he was actually looking for things he liked.  Thus Dean wasn’t surprised when they found their way to
Dean glanced at his husband as they walked.  Cas smiled at him.  Despite the anxiousness, Matt seemed to be fitting in well.  He moved smoothly through the crowded restaurant, his steps getting surer and more confident as he went.
Matt smiled tentatively.  Dean was beginning to be able to read those smiles.  This was the one he wore when he was really truly happy but in a situation like this, something to do with home.  Matt was still dealing with homeless child syndrome, where he was constantly waiting for the bottom to fall out on him.  He still could never take anything good at face value, too worried he would lose it all too soon.  Dean knew those feelings all too well, and knew not to push.  He smiled.  “Hey.  How bout we go get you some more clothes today?”
“Hey.”  He still wore that expression Dean knew all too well, a combination of nerves and defensiveness, ready to fight or flee at any given moment.  Dean gestured to one of the empty chairs.
Dean was overjoyed.  He wanted to hug Matt but wasn't sure if that would be too much too soon. "Can I hug you?"
Realization dawned on Sam’s face and he immediately began shaking his head.  “No.  Dean….she didn’t tell me anything about him.  She only told me you’d taken in a kid.  Refused to tell me why.  Said that was up to the two of you….you and him.”
“Oh.”  Cas was slightly surprised, but honestly, the subject had never come up.  He placed his hand over Dean’s, heart aching a little at the way it flinched in surprise.  But the grip on the armrest loosened, and Cas gently linked his fingers with Dean’s.  “Just hold my hand.  We’ll get through it just fine.”
The two men undressed each other, wandering hands caressing bare flesh as they helped one another into their pajamas and crawled into bed.  Dean’s face ached from smiling so much, his heart filled with so much happiness. He curled close to Cas, the smile staying on his face even after he had fallen asleep, all through the night.
“I know, right?  She got it from her aunt Claire.”  He watched Matt shake his head, continuing to eat in silence.  “So,” Dean bit into a piece of toast, crunching noisily.  “Do you have a job?”  He already knew the answer, but if there was a better way to broach this topic, he had no idea.
Cas cupped Dean’s face and pulled him into a deep kiss, the applause of the onlookers no more than a dim buzzing in the background.  He pulled away just far enough to lean his forehead against Dean’s.  “I love you,” he whispered.
Mary looked to Matt again.  “Well, he stopped, so it’s hard to tell.  But he looked super good when I came in.”
It was mid-afternoon the day after Jared’s homecoming, but Dean hadn’t gotten a word written.  School may be out for the summer, but Cas was still busy.  Three days a week in the summer, he taught art classes at the local YMCA.  Usually Dean missed having him around, but today he was glad to have the house to himself.  It had allowed him to begin laying the groundwork for what he hoped would be the trip Castiel had always dreamed of taking.
, Cas!”  A low chuckle was the only response, and Dean gave a tug at the messy brown locks, pouting.  “Bastard.”
Ellen nodded with a smile.  “He’s doing great.  Was a bit nervous at first, but he gets along great with Claire, and he and I are good, too.”
Despite living with them for two months, Matt still hadn’t ever babysat.  Not really.  It wasn’t because the men didn’t trust him with Charlemagne.  There had simply never been a reason.  Either the men were home while Matt worked or Mary was home with Matt on nights the men were out.  Either way, he never ended up alone with the boy.  But today, he wasn’t just babysitting, he was doing so outside the house.  Chaz had a book report for school (sharks) and he needed to do some research.
Almost within a minute after getting behind the wheel, Dean pulled out onto the wrong side of the road and had to slam on the brakes to avoid a collision.  “
Castiel had no objections to such an order.  He kissed Dean deeply, letting their tongues meet in a dance they’d grown accustomed to over these many years.  They knew each other so well, knew every little thing that made each other tick, yet still it was never boring.
Cas glanced at Matt.  Those dark eyes were huge as he stared at the girl, watched her twirl, her blonde hair like a soft golden cloud about her face.  Even after Mary had finished, Matt still stared at her with that look of utter awe, as if she were some rare creature, a goddess to be worshipped.  The other girls got up to dance one by one, and even though he watched them, Matt still couldn’t help but steal glances at Mary here and there.  Finally, she noticed his attentions and smiled at him.  He jumped when he was caught and turned bright red, but somehow managed a smile in return.  Cas had to bite his lip hard to hold back a smile of his own.  The boy was just too funny.
Dean woke early the next morning.  It was Mary’s sixteenth birthday, and he had to make her her special breakfast.  When he was adopted by Ellen, he may have kept his own last name, but he was still a Harvelle at heart, and it was a Harvelle tradition to do breakfast in bed on one’s birthday.
Dean gave his hand a squeeze and smiling, Cas joined in the song.  Everyone probably thought they were idiots, but he didn’t care.  Right here, at this moment, he didn’t think he could be any happier.
Dean had no answer.  He adjusted the books in his arms (Cas had given up trying to count them) and turned back to Sylvia.  “I’m Dean.  It’s so nice to finally meet you.”
Mary came barreling in the front door, Cas right behind her, holding Charlemagne’s hand.  “We’re HOOOOOME,” Mary hollered.  Cas rolled his eyes with a smile.
Dean smiled.  “Good morning, Matt.  Are you hungry?”  The boy nodded.  “Well, come this way and we’ll set you up with a plate.”
Matt jumped when he was spoken to, and flushed at being the center of attention, but Mary smiled at him, softly saying “stay,” and that seemed to do it.  He nodded.  “I….if it’s okay.”
Both men watched with amusement as the two teenagers said goodnight.  The rough boy Dean had met last night was so very different when he was around Mary, turning into a shy, stammering mess.  Dean would wager good money that Matt hadn’t spent much if any time around girls.
Cas stared, trying to form words.  Finally, his mouth twitched into a smile.  “Clearly you’re excited.”
Ellen’s brows shot up in surprise.  “Oh?”  But she offered a hand.  “Hello, Matt, I’m Ellen Harvelle.”
Dean tapped the butt of his pencil rapidly against the table as he thought.  If he had worked everything out correctly, they could go for two weeks.  They had the money, they could both make the time…..all they needed was someone to stay with the kids.  If they were only going to be gone for a day or two he would be fine with leaving Mary and Matt alone with Chaz, but not for two weeks.  But that length of time would allow them see London, France, Italy…..Cas would be so happy.
When Dean and Castiel had first moved into the house, they had renovated the basement into a place for Dean to dance, putting in smooth floorboards and a massive sound system (plus turntable) along one wall.  However, when Charlemagne came along, they needed a second nursery.  After a brief argument (which Castiel won), his art studio was renovated into the new nursery. At Dean’s insistence, they turned half of the basement’s dance space into a work place for Cas, a table, easel, and chairs joining the space, as well as a couch which Cas often sat on to watch Dean dance while he sketched away.  It was this couch which Matt had begun sleeping on, this makeshift studio that had become his bedroom.  And now, with the addition of a dresser, it had become even more of a living space.
“Hey!”  Dean looked to his husband with huge, indignant eyes.  “Are you saying that this is MY fault?  That she’s only obnoxious because of ME??”  Cas shrugged.
The librarian at the desk was an older woman with a warm, welcoming smile.  She helped get Charlemagne set up at one of the computers and then left them.
Matt appeared at the top of the stairs, sleepy eyes bewildered as he witnessed the scene before him.  “Uh…”
Fully dressed and with his dance bag in hand, he headed down the hallway.  “Matt?”  The house was dead quiet.  Still, it was one of Matt’s days off from work, so the boy had to be somewhere.
Cas couldn't help but smile at the memory. His initial reaction had been confusion, then a brief wave of anger. But the sight of Dean laughing, and the sound....it was infectious, and all too quickly Cas had found himself laughing as well.
Dean sat beside him.  “Do you eat eggs?”  Matt opened his mouth to answer but Dean wasn’t done.  “Careful, this is a test.”
Claire had started working at the roadhouse shortly after graduating college, and it seemed as though Ellen may be grooming her to take over one day.  She certainly had a knack for the business.  Now she looked to Matt with interest.  “Who’s this?”
Castiel shut the front door behind him with some relief.  Charlemagne was spending the night with Sam and Sarah, and Mary was having a sleepover with Lauryn.  Matt wouldn’t be home until the Roadhouse closed at 11.  Cas and Dean would have the house to themselves.  As much as he loved his children and truly liked Matt, it would be so nice to have a night alone.
“Oh my God…” Cas couldn’t believe the thought had never occurred to them.  True, the bed in the studio wasn’t as big as their king size one, but it was more than large enough for the two of them to have a damn good time.  “That sounds
Cas’ hand flew to his mouth to stifle his gasp as that wet heat enveloped his cock.  He had to be quiet; the kids may be busy, but they were still there, and it wouldn’t do to let them hear.
Mary kissed his cheek, then bounced over to Cas, hugging him as well.  “You guys are AMAZING!  Thank you so much!”
But Mary didn’t seem to have heard.  She had noticed Matt’s new clothes.  “Wow, Matt!  Your clothes!”
Cas stretched Dean open, watching the man come apart beneath him.  Dean was moaning and writhing on the mattress, and
But now that I've gotten this done, I'm going to do my best to keep updating regularly like I used to.  I promise I'm going to try my hardest.  I love you guys.  <3
“Okay, we’ll be there in a minute!”  They could hear her footsteps retreating down the hallway.  Cas looked to his husband.  “Shall we dress and go?”
The flight was over twelve hours long.  Cas was incredibly impressed with Dean’s strength.  The man had clearly been incredibly distraught, but he had kept his fear under control.  For twelve hours.  Castiel couldn’t imagine what kind of mental fortitude and strength that took.
Castiel hushed him as they watched the glittering jewels go by.  You barely got a chance to look at them.  There was a conveyor belt of sorts, like a moving sidewalk at an airport, and guests had to stand on it and watch the jewels behind thick glass as they passed by.
“You.  The last thing we need is a guard overhearing you and thinking you’re contemplating the same thing.”
Matt was looking at him as though he were crazy.  “Of course it’s okay!  Dean…you don’t have to ask.  I’m just so happy for the lessons.”
Today they were going to spend the morning at the National Gallery.  They were also going to stop at St. Paul’s and the Golden Hinde throughout the day and evening.  This was a replica of the ship of Sir Francis Drake, a noted privateer.  Chaz was incredibly into pirates at the moment and had a particular love for Francis Drake.  Dean had promised to take some pictures for him.
That tiny voice immediately pierced through his book fueled haze and his head whipped around.  Another librarian, a man this time, was standing beside Charlemagne, glowering.  Immediately Matt was at the boy’s side.  “What are you doing?”
Laughing, Cas finally ceased, drizzling more lube into his hand to slick up his cock.  Positioning himself, he paused to look at Dean.  It was worth it.  It always was.  The man’s cheeks were flushed, eyes dark with lust and need.  His lower lip impossibly seemed fuller than usually from worrying it with his teeth.  Cas reached out and ran his thumb across it.
Dean leaned in, a smile on his face, and brushed their lips together in a soft kiss.  “Morning, babe.”  He stroked his husband’s cheek, rough with a night’s growth of stubble.  “Looking forward to our first full day in London?”
Laughing, Castiel let himself be dragged down the path, feeling curious eyes watching them.  Let them all look.  He had the greatest husband in the world.  Who cared what anyone else thought?
Cas was smiling.  “Now you can put all your albums on your iPod.”  That was the only real problem with records.  You could find all this wonderful out of print material, but you couldn’t carry it around with you.
Dean heaved a sigh of relief once they touched down.  Cas chuckled, stroking the soft blonde hair.  “Feel better?”
When Cas still didn’t say anything, Dean pressed on.  “We can change that, of course.  I just know you’d like to see the museums and I figured those would be the best places for that stuff.  And London…..I don’t know if you remember but in high school I had that map on my wall and—“
“I’d like to.  Neither of us have ever been and I know he’d love to go.  Especially to see all the art museums.”
The two were just finishing up their sandwiches when there came a knocking on the door.  Immediately Matt sobered up, the laughter that had been setting his face alight fading behind nerves that he was desperately trying to hide, and the natural defensiveness that had clearly become engrained over the years.
Matt was staring.  That in itself wasn’t so surprising.  He had been staring at her ever since he had arrived.  No, what was surprising is that she was standing there, clad head to toe in skin-tight clothing, and he was staring at her face.  Obviously he had seen the whole ensemble, taken it in and enjoyed it, but her eyes were what captured him.
Cas headed off to the bedroom and Charlemagne immediately took his place, beginning to chatter away to Dean about his day at school.  Dean noticed that Matt was watching the little boy with an affectionate smile on his face, and it sent a pang straight to the man’s heart.  Matt really did have a soft spot for Chaz.  Mary, too.  Hell, he was really beginning to open up to Cas also, spending more and more time at his side as he worked on his art, the two talking for hours.  And Dean liked to think that he had a good bond with the boy as well.  Each and every day, the five of them were becoming more and more like a real family.  Dean didn’t know how he could get any happier unless Matt confirmed once and for all that he really truly wanted to be part of their family.  Not just stay for now, like he had said, and not even just to agree to stay permanently, like Dean was hoping for, but to say that he truly wanted to be part of the family.  Dean and Cas had told him he had a place with them if he wanted it, but so far Matt hadn’t even agreed to stay permanently….becoming a family member was still far too much to ask for.
And an hour later, sitting out on their balcony with some dinner and a bottle of champagne as the lights glowed in the city below and the Eiffel Tower shone brilliantly before them, Cas had to agree.  It really was perfect.
Chrissy looked surprised that he remembered her.  After all, they had only “met” that one night that Matt came to watch dance practice, and even then they hadn’t actually been introduced.  She nodded, confirming,  “It’s Chrissy.”
Matt watched this exchange with some interest, which wasn’t that surprising.  Charlie and Bela were both extremely beautiful women, after all.  Still, Dean couldn’t help but feel amused.  “Don’t even think about it, kid.”
“Hey!”  Dean ignored Mary’s laughter, smacking his husband’s shoulder.  “Don’t try and act like you’re not a dramatic bastard.”
Matt looked on the verge of tears. He managed a nod.  “Thank you.  You really….”  He struggled to clear his throat and when he spoke again, his voice was much stronger.  “You guys are really great, you know that?”
He seemed nice, if shy around Mary.  If he moved in, they would have to be careful about that.  Having a teenage boy in the house with their daughter could prove interesting, but just from watching them right now, it didn’t seem it would be a real problem.  Still, it was a situation they would have to keep an eye on.
Dean let out a startled burst of laughter.  “I hadn’t thought of it that way, but I guess so.”  He pulled far enough away that he could get a real good look at his husband.  “Would you be okay with that?”
She released him with a smile.  “So….you’re going to come watch us dance?”  He nodded.  “Fantastic!”
Mary stirred ever so slightly, then paused.  It was easy to tell that she had smelled the breakfast.  Seconds later she was pushing the covers back and sitting up, shoving blonde hair out of her face.  A smile lit up her face, those blue eyes aglow, so like Claire’s.  “Breakfast!”
Cas shook his head with a sigh.  “You never do.”  He ignored Dean’s indignant “hey!”, turning instead to their daughter.  “You’ll be home around 5:30?”
Dean shook his head.  “Matt…..I don’t care.  I have all the dance space I could ever need up in the garage studio.  Believe me, I’d much rather you have a bedroom, and a place to store your clothes.”
Dean’s brows shot up, and he smiled.  “Gonna get bossy, huh.”  He slipped free of the jacket, slinging it over the back of the nearby chair.  “I like it.”
“Leave him alone, guys.” Cas’ voice was amused but he still took pity on the poor boy.  Dean grinned, looking at Matt.  The teen’s eyes were shooting all about the room, desperately searching for something to focus on.  Then they landed on Cas’ sketchpad and, startled, immediately zeroed in on the drawing of him with Chaz.  Wordlessly, he moved to it and picked it up.  Cas watched with bated breath, waiting nervously to see what the reaction would be.
It was honestly amazing that they had managed to keep Charlie away for more than a matter of days, but she had been very supportive of giving Matt his time to settle in.  Even so, the petite redhead was practically bouncing up and down, giving Matt a little wave.  “Hi, Matt!”
“You’re welcome.  Any friend of Dean’s is a friend of ours.”  Ellen turned to Dean.  “Any chance I could see you for a minute?  I’ve been having some trouble with one of the cabinets in the back.”
When they reentered the main building, Claire and Matt were talking.  Dean felt a momentary stab of fear that Claire was giving him a hard time and that he would choose to leave. Then he heard their conversation.
“I know, baby.” Cas slipped his fingers out slowly, teasingly, loving the whine of desperation that the action wrung out of Dean.  “I know.”  He slicked up his cock and positioned himself, stroking Dean’s hip as he pressed forward, burying himself to the hilt in one smooth thrust.
I just wanted to let everyone know that this piece is NOT abandoned. I suffer from depression and have been having a hard time lately so it's been difficult to write, but I'm working on it. I apologize for the delay.
I'll be writing again soon. I'm just taking my time to get back into the swing of things. I just wanted you all to know that I haven't abandoned you, or this piece. <3
By the look on Matt’s face, the different last name clearly registered, but he didn’t ask questions.  “Hello, ma’am.  I’m Matt Hunter.”
,” he breathed.  He let go of his suitcase, the handle slipping through his fingers, and he moved to the center of the room, eyes focused on the ceiling above him.  “It’s
Dean and Matt had headed straight from the Roadhouse to the store to find something for dinner.  With quite a bit of prodding, Dean had managed to get Matt to give up his favorite meals.  Now they were back home, Dean putting the finishing touches on some hamburgers.  Cas would be happy about that.
“Charlemagne!”  He raced to his son’s side, but the damage was done.  He began replacing them as best he could, as carefully as he could.  “We don’t mess with daddy’s art supplies.”
Mary looked pleadingly at Cas, but he just shook his head.  “He’s right.”  She scowled but he paid it no more heed than Dean had.  “Now….do you want to clean them before dinner or do you want to put it off for another week and end up with another punishment?”
"Youthful sex appeal?" Cas echoed with a disbelieving laugh. "Oh, come on, Dean. Don't try to pretend you don't get hit on like, five times a week."
“Far too long,” Cas agreed.  He ran his fingers absentmindedly through Dean’s hair, loving the way the soft fuzz tickled the palm of his hand.  Dean sighed happily at the feeling and Cas smiled.  “Of course, if SOMEONE was quieter, we could do this all the time.”
Ellen’s face had fallen as Dean told the story, overcome by sadness.  She leaned in and gave Dean a kiss on the cheek.  “You’re such a good kid.”
Dean shook his head.  “There’s a cot up there for him.  He had just been born when I first started teaching, so we used to keep a crib, then a little mattress as he got older.  It’s in the side room, so he doesn’t have to put up with all the music and talking.”
This is a really short one and I apologize, but for the sake of splitting up the days properly, this is how it goes.  I hope you still enjoy it and I apologize again that it's been so long in coming.  Now that I've started I'm going to try to continue.  I love you all, and thank you for bearing with me and all my issues.  <3
Dean pinched the boy’s nose.  “Good.”  He accepted his own light jacket from Cas and slipped into it.  “Everyone ready?”  Both Mary and Cas had their own jackets on; the group was all set.  “Great.  Let’s get going.”
Matt was silent, simply looking at Dean.  His dark eyes were shiny now with tears that he was trying so hard to fight.  “What do you want from me,” he asked at last, voice tiny and broken.
Dean sighed.  He knew he would have to answer this question a lot in the coming days.  “I saw him on the street the other night when I was driving home.  He’s homeless.”  He left out the part about hooking.  That was a secret Dean had kept about his own life, and he would let Matt keep it about his.  “I gave him a place to stay for the night and we offered him the opportunity to stay for good.  He’s accepted for the time being, but doesn’t want us paying for new clothes and such.  He wants to do it himself.  Hence the need for a job.”
Charlemagne looked up from his coloring book, eyes interested.  “What?”  Clearly he hadn’t heard a word.  Dean snorted.
Matt’s face immediately relaxed, all alarm fading, and Cas laughed.  “I thought you were good at this game.”
’, but Cas had expected nothing less.  He shook his head with a smile.  “Dean, do you know how often they probably hear that song?”
Dean glanced up at the clock.  One already.  Damn.  He didn’t have much time.  Cindy was coming over that afternoon to dance.  Now that she was older, she didn’t take many professional dancing jobs, and spent more time helping Dean out at the school.  But more than that, the two got to spend more time dancing together just for enjoyment.  Today was one of those days.
“Oh, shut up.  I’ve watched you fangirl over paintings since we got here.  Forgive me if I do the same now that we’re at SHAKESPEARE’S BIRTHPLACE!!!”
The front door slammed open and there was a huge ruckus as Mary and Lauryn came inside, roughhousing their way down the hallway and bursting into the living room.
Half an hour later found them sitting snuggled up together in a private capsule of the London Eye, each holding a steaming cup of tea as they gazed across the city.
Matt looked at Dean, whether for permission or in utter fear, Dean had no idea, but he nodded, smiling, and the boy let Mary drag him down the hall to her room.
Dean shut his laptop with a sigh.  He had gotten a great deal of writing done that day.  He wasn’t satisfied with what he had accomplished, but he rarely was.  Oh well.  Generally when he proofread, he liked it a lot better.  When he looked at his work with fresh eyes, everything would be different.
“You.”  Dean gently set Chaz back on the floor, leaning down to talk to him.  “You got homework, Chaz?”  The little boy wrinkled up his nose in distaste but he nodded.  Dean chuckled, stroking his cheek.  “Better go do it, then.  Your sister will go with you.”  For he was positive that Mary had homework.
Dean practically screeched to a stop, peering at the figure.  It was a boy, probably about Mary’s age.  He had dark, messy hair, and was wearing jeans so tight that they may as well have been painted on.  They were tucked into a pair of unlaced boots.  His shirt was too small for him, his stomach showing, and instantly the memories came flooding back: Dean when he was fourteen, standing in an alleyway in tight pants and a too small shirt, waiting for someone to come along and pay him for his time.  For now there was no doubt in his mind that that was what this boy was doing.
They had reached the house now.  Dean cried out in excitement at the sight that greeted them.  Sitting on their front steps was a boy with shaggy brown hair.  He was the spitting image of his father at that age.
But Matt didn’t seem bothered at all.  He merely bit back a laugh at Mary’s reaction.  Cas looked at the boy, eyes sparkling in amusement.  Then he took Dean’s hand in his and gave it a gentle squeeze.
“Yes, ma’am,” he muttered, and he skulked away.  Matt watched him go with some satisfaction.  Then a tiny hand slipped into his and he looked down at the boy.  Chaz was smiling up at him, and Matt was overcome with how much he cared for this kid.  He stroked Charlemagne’s hair again, loving its softness.
Cas shook his head in amusement.  “Very.”  He could feel Dean’s eyes on him and glanced over.  “What.”
Mary had entered just in time to catch the end of those words and she peered over her father’s shoulder, immediately seeing the slippers in Matt’s hands.  “Oh my God!”  Matt immediately turned crimson.
Cas ran his fingers through her blonde hair, smiling.  “Good girl.”  She made a face at him, but she couldn’t help smiling.
Cas felt Dean come up behind him, arms slipping around his waist, chin resting on his shoulder.  “It’s beautiful,” he whispered.  He just knew that Dean was smiling, could hear it in his voice as he replied.
Dean was confused by the smile that was slowly setting Castiel’s face aglow.  “What,” he asked, unable to help smiling himself.  “What is it?”
“He does.”  Dean sighed, leaning his head on Castiel’s shoulder.  He was tired.  Dancing took a lot out of him.  He was getting old.
Cas laughed breathlessly.  “My sentiments exactly.”  He lightly smacked Dean’s flank.  “Hey.  Get up here.”
Sure enough, the boy was now approaching.  Dean slid out of his car and the boy faltered, obviously not expecting that, then he resumed his steps, meeting Dean halfway.  “Hey, there.”  His words were obviously meant to sound sultry, but his voice was shaking.  Dean would bet anything that this was the boy’s first time.  He prayed to God it was.  If he could save this boy the same way that Jody had saved him….
The record scratched as Dean reset the music for what was the……God, he had lost track of how many times they had stopped and restarted this routine.
remember. Dean pulling him offstage, hands roaming Castiel’s body, stroking his face in an effort to calm him. Then, once the anger had faded from Cas' face, Dean could hold it back no longer: the laughter bursting forth.
Dean slid the jar across the table.  “Good choice.”  He sighed.  “I wish we had some bacon left over so I could make a peanut butter and bacon sandwich.”
“Hey!”  Mary smacked her father’s arm, but he just laughed.  She returned her attention to Matt, smiling.  “Thanks.  I’d give you a hug, but I probably smell.”
Castiel laughed, slipping his arms around Dean’s waist and holding him tight, smiling as the tourist instructed “now, say ‘cheese’!”
An overwhelming wave of gratitude swept over them.  “Thank you.  That would be wonderful.”  Cas moved forward to help Dean lay all the books out on the counter to pay.  He could feel Colette nudging at his leg again, wanting attention, so he bent down to play with her while Dean cashed out.  They left with promises to return on their way back to the hotel that night.
Matt stifled a laugh as Dean glowered at his husband, muttering “oh, shut up, asshole.”  He turned to Matt, pointing a finger at him.  “There WILL be a rematch later.”
Matt looked questioningly up at Dean, but he rose to his feet and approached.  Dean smiled.  “We’re gonna teach you to hand jive.”
Dean wiped his hands off on his napkin and shoved back his chair, heading to the door.  “They’re cool,” he assured.  “You’ll like them.”
Cas chuckled.  “She’s gotta make herself all pretty for Matt.”  His words were loud enough to carry down the hallway.  Mary entered the room with a scowl.
Dean had to fight hard to stifle his laughter.  “Well, ‘okay’ is better than nothing, I suppose.”  He added another sentence to his current manuscript.  Matt perked up at the sound of typing.
Then a thought occurred to Matt and he frowned.  “What about Charlemagne?”  It was getting pretty late at night for the boy to still be up and about.
Dean couldn’t help the smile that spread over his face, the joy filling him.  “Alright.  Well, then….you wanna go to the store today?”
Even though they had known Charlie would love Matt, it still felt nice to hear.  Cas rose to his feet, stretching.  He had been sitting for a while now, and it felt good to stand.  “You’re staying for dinner, right?”
Dean blinked down at him in surprise.  “A penguin?”  The boy nodded.  “Well, so do I, Chaz, but I really don’t think we can get one.”
With a smile on his face, Dean set down the package of books and offered his hand to Cas.  “Care to dance?”
The ride to Oxford had taken a little over an hour, but it was well worth it to see the glow in Dean’s eyes as he surveyed the place where Lewis Carroll had lived.  Oh, sorry….Charles Dodgson.  Dean only ever called the man by his true name.  As soon as they had alighted from the bus, Dean had grabbed Castiel’s hand and dragged him down the street, laughing all the way.  They wandered the grounds of Christ Church, where Dodgson had lived and taught, took in the beautiful gardens that had inspired the court of the Queen of Hearts, then went inside to look at the beautiful stained glass windows depicting Dodgson himself, along with the real life Alice, little Alice Liddell, the girl for whom Charles Dodgson wrote the book while boating down the river on that golden afternoon so many years ago.  They even paused to examine the andirons in the fireplace that might have inspired Alice’s first growth spurt in the books.  But Cas had something special in mind.
There was the sound of scuffling behind him as he settled onto the bed.  He rolled over just in time to see Dean hopping on one foot as he attempted to pull off his slacks with his shoes still on.  Seconds later, he lost his balance and toppled to the floor.
“You guys better have gotten napkins and shit,” he told them as he entered the living room.  “And picked out something to watch.”
Dean was out of the car practically before it had stopped moving.  “Dean!” Cas cried out, startled.  But Dean hadn’t even registered the sound, too occupied with his nephew.
again.  They had reached the big dance scene.  Charlemagne LOVED this scene….especially when it got to the hand jive.  Dean had taught both his children the hand jive when they were very young.  Once a year, he, Cas, and the kids would have a contest: who could hand jive for the longest.  It had become a tradition.  They had a trophy that they had built together.  It was horribly ugly, but it was the ultimate prize in the Winchester household.  Whoever won the hand jive contest got to keep the trophy until the contest the next year.  It was a VERY big deal.
Dean turned off the TV and rose, offering Matt a hand up, holding his breath as he waited to see if the boy would accept.  He did.  It was such a little victory, but Dean would take it.  Any help that Matt accepted was a victory.
Matt did as told, sitting with his back to the wall and watching as Dean rose, moving to the counter.
Understanding came over Castiel’s face, and he nodded.  “Okay.”  He smiled.  “Still.  Little victories.”
That surprised Dean.  “Really?  That came out before Mary was born.  We had just met her mother when I published it.”  He paused, head cocking as he considered Matt.  “How old are you?”
As always, dancing made Dean feel as if he was flying.  With Cindy in his arms, he felt happier than any other time than one: when he was with Cas, with his family.
Cas tried his best to scowl. He wasn't very successful. "You're never going to let me live that down, are you."
The response was a hard smack to his ass and he gasped.  “Brat,” Cas said affectionately, but Dean could hear the nightstand drawer opening as Cas got out the lube, and moments later a slick finger was pressing into him.  Dean groaned, pressing his face into the pillow beneath his folded arms.  It had been too long.  Far too long.
Castiel let out a growl of complete and utter frustration, forehead falling to rest against Dean’s shoulder.  Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, comforting the man with a kiss to the forehead.  Still, he couldn’t help smiling.
The three teenagers came bounding down the hallway, Mary once again dragging Matt.  Not that he looked as if he minded.  It made Dean smile to see them.  Ever since they were little, Mary and Lauryn had always been like this, hand in hand, such energy.  Now they had made Matt a part of their group, and he really did look as if he belonged there.  As if he had
Dean wasn’t sure what to make of that.  All he knew, knew for certain, was that this boy was special.
Dean moved to the boy’s side, gesturing to the bed.  “Mind if I sit?”  Matt shook his head wordlessly and Dean did.  He waited a moment to see if Matt would say anything, but all was silent.  “Matt, what happened?”
“Damn straight I’m staying!” Charlie grinned.  “I wanna get to know this kid better.  He seems awesome.”
“LONDON??”  Mary’s voice was practically a squeal.  “You’re going to London??” The two men couldn’t help but laugh at her excitement, but then her face fell in a look of mock indignation.  “And you’re not bringing ME?!”
“Oh?  Friend?”  The word was stressed, and by the way the girl’s eyes lingered on Matt, it was fairly easy to guess why.  She thought Matt was attractive and wanted to know if he was single.
Dean grabbed the remote and hit pause, ignoring Charlemagne’s tiny noise of disappointment.  “Hey Matt, c’mere.”
Castiel flopped down into his seat with a happy sigh.  “This is definitely the only way to fly.”  When Dean didn’t reply, Cas glanced his way, and was immediately taken aback at what he saw.  “Dean?  Dean, what’s wrong?”
“Is there a problem here, Johnathan?”  It was the first librarian, the woman who had signed them onto the computer.
Oh, God.  Cas immediately realized what she was referring to.  They had long ago told her of their adventures in high school, of how Cas had carried Dean’s books and told him he was Sandra Dee, and that Cas would obviously be Danny Zuko.  He flushed, but couldn’t help smiling.
Cas tried to hide a snort of laughter behind one hand, to no avail.  Dean mock glared at his daughter.  “Watch it, brat.  It’s not too late to return either of your presents.”
“If she does, I’ve never seen it, and I’ve been in her office and at her house so many times that I think I would’ve by now.  But hey, why’re we still standing here?” Dean grabbed Cas’ hand.  “There’s history to explore!”
Cas had sketched Matt and Chaz as they currently were.  Chaz sat snuggled up against Matt’s chest, his small hands held in Matt’s larger ones as they clapped as one.  His head was tilted back as he looked up at Matt, the older boy meeting his gaze with affectionate eyes as they laughed happily together.   Castiel had captured all of it in exquisite detail.  Dean felt his heart melt.
Cas had no compulsions about holding back; he pulled Matt into a crushing hug.  Matt hugged back awkwardly but freely. Dean bit back a laugh at the sight.
“You do.  God, Cas.  More than anything.”  Dean pulled back and kissed Cas, soft and deep.  By the time Dean pulled away, Castiel’s head was spinning.  “So….”  Dean shifted so that he was stretched out beside Cas.  He rested his head on Castiel’s chest, then looked up at him, a smile in those big green eyes.  “Read to me?”
“Of course.  I could never deny a man his books, nor could I burden you down on your trip around Paris.”
Dean chuckled at the reaction.  “You wanna start planning tonight, babe?  For the trip?”  His voice was breathless, lips brushing Cas’ ear.
It was getting late.  They had put Charlemagne to bed hours ago (with QUITE a bit of difficulty….Cas had been right about the sugar), but it was past Mary’s bedtime.  They had given her some leeway considering it was her birthday and that she was spending time with Matt.  They wanted Matt to feel comfortable there, and Mary seemed not just to be humoring the boy but to honestly like him.  But even so, it was time for bed.
But then he heard a burst of laughter which clearly Matt had tried to hold back but failed dismally, accompanied by Mary shouting “gross!  Guys, do that in your room!” and then Matt couldn’t help it, he was laughing outright, loud and long.  It was a beautiful sound and it filled both men with happiness.
God, if that wasn’t heartbreaking.  “I know, baby.  But we won’t be gone long.  And you’ll have the rest of your family here with you.”
“He came home that night,” Dean continued, and smiled at the memory.  “It was hard to convince him to stay.”  He paused, amending the statement.  “I’m still fighting to get him to stay.  Though he’s agreed to for now.  He doesn’t want us paying for all his clothes and stuff, though.  Hence the job.”
Mary was on her feet again, hugging both her fathers.  Charlemagne could really care less about any of the goings-on; he was far more interested in the leftover cake.  Cas had tucked it away out of fear that the boy was going to be bouncing off the walls all night on a sugar high, and the boy was staring longingly at the out of reach shelf where his father had put it.
They returned to the other room, Charlemagne’s hand in his.  Matt had joined the others now, looking shyly at Mary.
“I know,” he murmured.  He wrapped a hand around Dean’s shaft, feeling the precum there and knowing Dean was close, so close.  He began to jerk Dean in time with his thrusts.  “I know, baby.  Come on.  Come with me.”  And just like that, he was lost, burying himself deep inside Dean as he came.  Dean cried out at the feeling of his husband spending himself even as that hand continued to work his cock.  It wasn’t long before he followed, spilling all over Castiel’s hand.
Dean grimaces as he tries to imagine how those pancakes must taste. He decides coffee is good enough for breakfast today. As long as he eats a decent lunch, he’ll be fine. His favourite coffee mug is already sitting next to the carafe, so he makes his way over to pour himself a cup.
Secretly, Dean is relieved. Part of him has been holding its breath, waiting for Cas to leave. Only, he knew that wouldn’t happen. Not because he was filled with confidence in their relationship, but because he knew Castiel was too much like him.
That answer, Dean can see, hurts Castiel. He looks upset and guilty all over again, and Dean hates that he put that look there.
Castiel nodded slowly, the flush in his cheeks and neck not entirely from the fever. It wasn’t often Dean had seen Cas ashamed, and the sight didn’t sit well with him.
“I can tell,” Dean said, no malice in his teasing, only relief. Despite his drooping eyelids and the slight slur to his words, Castiel noticed a lightness to Dean that hadn’t been there before. Where there had once been hesitation, now there was confidence. His movements were more relaxed, more sure, as he pulled himself closer until they were pressed together in one solid line of warmth.
And as each verse went on, Matt improved, until he was nailing each and every move.  All nerves vanished, his confidence growing, his face filled with happiness.  Dean thought he would fly, seeing that joy there.
