All things considered, Steve decides, Howard took the news well. He needed evidence, of course, but that was easy enough to provide. Steve had made sure they were in a room that overlooked the city and a few major roads.
Steve turns to find an organizer blinking at him. They have a utility belt to rival the one on Steve’s uniform, weighed down with a walkie talkie, flashlight, and numerous pouches. A few bandaid wrappers stick out from under one pouch flap. There’s a badge around their neck:
Tony’s skin prickles where Steve’s fingers brush around the collar of his t-shirt. He mutters a complaint. Steve chuckles, his breath ghosting over Tony’s ear as he reaches around Tony to press the call button.
Steve swallows and says carefully: “When I woke up, it’d been nearly 70 years since the plane went down.”
Finally, I want to acknowledge that if you decide to read this, you’re putting trust in me. I will do my best to be worthy of it. I hope you find some joy here.
Tony tosses his suit jacket over a chair and unpins his cufflinks. “Because, Steve,” Tony informs him in a serious tone, rolling up his sleeves. “You never turn off The Boss when he’s in the middle of a song.”
Even when he knows this is it, that this is when death finally takes, Tony can’t regret much. Not seeing Morgan grow up, top of his list. Leaving Pepper and Steve, not far behind. But Tony’s not an idiot and Strange isn’t as clever or coy as he thinks he is. One chance in a million and you know what? Those are Tony’s kind of odds.
Tony freezes, debating the merits of sex right here—which, to be honest, sounds pretty stellar. But then he thinks of Steve in his bed, the ample space to roll around in. The ample space for athletic sex and really, why pass up that opportunity when the person you’re having sex with is Steve Rogers?
Tony’s mouth works a few times, but he can’t quite formulate a reply. Especially not when Steve’s wearing that mischievous grin, which, honestly, is Tony’s favorite.
“So, just so I’m clear. We’re at: Loki accidentally changed Steve’s body to one assigned female at birth; Loki then proceeded to hit on Steve before escaping
In the morning, Fury calls him in and Steve spends four hours in a room with Howard, helping him go over some data set or another, pretending he doesn’t feel the ice creeping up his legs.
“Yeah. Yeah, Steve, I’m with you.” Tony reaches up to rest one hand over Steve’s. “You sure you want to do this?”
Tony chokes. “Jesus, Cap. You know, they left how dramatic you are out of the newsreels and retrospectives.”
“You’re staring at my ass,” Steve murmurs to Tony as he steps close to hold a part in place while Tony solders it.
“Okay, first, it is very adorable of you to try and understand how corporations work in the 21st century and their fucked-up ties to the personal lives of the CEOs and other high-ranking leaders within the company. Also if you keep pouting like that, I will have to develop a series of pet names for you and perhaps drag you into my bedroom to fool around until SHIELD gets here.” Tony takes a step backwards. “Whoa, down, Steve.”
“Steve, the closest thing to a living expert on Project: Rebirth you’re going to meet is me,” Tony replies, exasperated. “You think my old man ever shut up about it? ‘Good becomes great’ and all that? Trust me, I like you a lot better than the perfect role model I was supposed to grow into, even if it took a whole fight-for-Earth battle to get my head out of my ass. It was an impossible expectation. I didn’t even break six feet,” Tony finishes with a mutter.
Tony is aware he’s putting on clothes, that Steve is helping him with a gentle firmness that keeps his body moving forward while his brain spirals off somewhere else. He has enough presence of mind to think it’s a shame he’s distracted and can’t appreciate Steve’s hands on him, how Tony can tell which hand Steve uses to throw the shield just from the calluses on his fingers and palms.
Then he turns the mic back off, wraps a hand around Steve’s tie, and pulls him down into a kiss. Steve can feel his neck flush, highly aware of hundreds of eyes on them. But Tony is kissing him in that insistent, familiar way, pulling all of Steve’s attention like he always does, and Steve can’t resist his pull, could never resist it. He sinks into the kiss, his fingers catching Tony’s hip, squeezing hard.
“Great. Anyway, I don’t give a fuck what the gossip circuit is gonna cook up this time around. If you’re not there, it won’t cut down on the lies they invent. If you are there, at least the lies will have some semblance of truth and—most likely—be less caustic because no one can make up mean stuff about you and not promptly burst into flames.”
Tony thinks about how he could cup the underside of Steve’s chin and tug just a little, pull him into a kiss. The kind where Tony can keep him pinned for a few breathless moments and show Steve the other uses for a smart mouth.
Steve’s nightmares return: the ice, Peggy’s voice on the radio; Tony disappearing into a wormhole; a half-second too late to grab Bucky before he falls. Sometimes, it’s the day JARVIS’s emergency alert went off and Steve had burst into the workshop to find Tony crumpled on the floor, blood sheeting his arm and face.
“Ignoring the part where you’re sketching all the time, you let me in to your workshop. Figured I’d offer up mine.”
“Wasn’t allowed to ask,” Steve replied with a wry smile. “Not after I said I didn’t think she should trust him.”
“Not all of it. I don’t think,” Steve replies, pulling Tony in. “Maybe less for people whose partners don’t go galavanting about in armored suits they haven’t fully debugged.”
“There’s something else we have in common,” Steve had replied and here’s Tony’s workshop, ready for him.
“Well, duh,” Clint says. “We know he likes to watch his handiwork from somewhere nearby. With Steve like this, Loki’s probably going to target him. Her?” He glances at Steve.
Steve could recognize a pro manipulator when he saw one. You got to see an awful lot when folks thought you were nothin’. It ate at him to fall in with Fury’s unspoken order. But the shaken look on Tony’s face pulled him from his seat, to follow after, to suit up. It was what he needed to do, and so he did it. Same as always.
Steve blinks at him. He’d been reading, nerves about tomorrow’s Time Heist keeping him awake, when there’d been a knock at his door. Tony on the other side, question some continuation of an earlier conversation wrapped up hours ago but he’d chewed on since then. It’s so much like how everything used to be, Steve’s chest aches for a moment.
This time, it’s electric. Steve can be single-minded, hyper-focused on one issue, and for Tony—who, admittedly, could maybe use better focus—this is often a problem. Except for now, when it turns out Steve kisses with that same focus, as if he’s determined to map out every response Tony has. Hell, he probably is mapping it out, which means it’s time for Tony to do his usual thing and distract. He presses forward. Steve’s back thumps against a wall, and Tony gets that zipper disguised among the stripes down real quick, his hand slipping into Steve’s uniform.
Clint glares at him. “Anyway. There were shooting stars—it’s a big deal, Stark, shut up—and now she’s been doing time resets to make up for all the events she missed.”
“Technically, Steve Rogers’s ass,” Steve interrupts from where he’s seated at the other end of the table. His sunburn has healed already, Tony notes with jealousy. “Legally prohibited from calling myself Captain America when not in uniform. It’s in my contract.”
GC: Have you had this job a while? Sorry, I’m always so curious about archival jobs. Spent a lot of time in libraries. And with history, too, I guess you could say.
During Tony’s worst years of drinking and determined irresponsibility, Happy used to track him down by following social media posts. Tony was always grateful, but he never thought about how stressful following a trail of blurry pictures and hashtags might be. He owes Happy, who kept him from getting in too deep, and Tony tries to pay it forward whenever he can. Helping a stranger in need, funding fellowships or scholarships, donating tech, and checking in on his friends.
She had a picture she kept on her desk and later, tucked in with the framed pictures of her husband and kids. Black and white picture of a guy, squinting into the sun, dog tags hanging against his t-shirt. So scrawny you can see the bones of his shoulders. I asked her once who he was and she just smiled sadly and said, “an old friend.”
“Oh you noticed that too, did you?” Pepper asks dryly. “What was it that tipped you off? The too much eye contact or the part where they can’t explain what their foundation does?”
“It was. But there’s probably a rule prohibiting a super soldier participating. Or there soon would be.” Steve shrugs. “Wouldn’t exactly have been fair.”
“I’d sure like to know what can slice through your uniform shell like this.” He frowns. “I’ll get some scissors.”
“And I remember some unflattering things said about my blue windflowers.” Steve looks to the ceiling then slowly back down at Tony. “So. Now
Steve pulls the shield off his arm and hooks it on his back. Tony pauses, looks carefully at him. His left arm hangs slack at his side, shoulder not quite right.
He finds him front and center, greeting people from behind a welcome table. Tony waits until the current rush of people passes and Steve spots him.
“Nearly done,” Howard offers into the silence. “If I’m reading these plans right, I’ll be back in ’46 by dinner.”
Steve almost squeezes the controllers flat. Tony stands behind him in a rumpled Metallica t-shirt and jeans with burn marks Steve will be asking about later.
Tony seethes quietly over the tabloids and newspaper headlines that accumulate on the Tower fridge, only a few with a whiff of suspected romantic involvement. The rest praise how well Tony and Steve work together, their sturdy friendship the foundation of a global defense team.
Tony hears the question. “Your choice, apple tart. We give Romanov’s suggestion a try or we go back out for a rematch.”
“I made that shield,” Howard continues. “I know it when I see it, and I want to know where you found it.”
“Okay, no fair using your smoldering voice. And smoldering face. Look—fine—it’s a Stark Foundation benefit for this weekend. I’ve got a plus one.”
Steve slides smoothly out of Tony’s grip. “I’m not, perfect, Tony,” he says, cleaning up the first-aid supplies and putting them away. “I don’t expect you to be, either.”
Tony was used to human connection being transient, save for people like Happy or Pepper, who’d dug in, despite Tony’s best efforts at self-destruction. That day on the helicarrier, something had flared bright and hot. Put on the suit. It appears to run on some kind of electricity. Steve’s open grin when Tony had been unable to shut up about schwarma. The calm, calculating gaze Tony sometimes feels during mission debriefs.
“Don’t be like that,” Howard says, trying to soften the sharp edges with a gentle tone. “I mean it. Seven decades in the future, you ought to find some happiness.”
“Perhaps we’d best call it a draw,” Loki suggests, getting to his feet and clapping his hands together.
“This scroll contains a spell to change assignment,” Thor says. “Judging from our good captain’s example here, ‘assignment’ appears to refer to Midgardian sex assigned at birth. Not alignment, as my brother has mistakenly read”—here a pointed look at Loki—“presumably thinking this an attempt to turn someone to the side of good or evil. This scroll is rather light on details; I expect there is another with further information.”
“I had JARVIS make a databank of all your expressions so I could study them. No, not really, don’t give me that look. I just spent time with you, Steve.” Tony pauses. “You’re careful about what you give away, but for someone who’s trying to hide the same things…well, like recognizes like and all that.”
“I don’t know why they all seem to think friendships can’t implode,” Bruce commented one morning, surveying the latest additions to the collection. “That estrangement or falling out is sometimes even worse.”
Once they’ve patched up the worst of the Tower’s gaping holes, the rest of the team moves in. Tony isn’t sure how to feel at first, his home full and loud for the first time in… Jesus, ever. His parents had purchased a sprawling home and filled it with art, instruments, and the latest technology, but not many people. Already quiet, it was nearly a tomb after they died.
Agent Carter has been in a memory care facility for some time, and we are unable to identify who H might be. Bucky is no doubt Lieutenant James Buchanan Barnes, Rogers’s childhood friend who was killed in action during a mission shortly before the date of this letter.
“Now, Steve,” Howard starts, false severity. “What sort of gentleman would I be if I answered that question.”
Eventually, he ends up on the roof of the Tower. He woke up in this city, held orders as his true north, and in what feels like yet another bit of pure luck, is the leader of a team again. Unlike his Howling Commandos, the Avengers will fight him if they don’t like an order and none of them hold him as above them. A leader, but not one whose word is law. Steve hadn’t realized what a relief that would be.
Steve chuckles against Tony’s neck. “I decide who to trust, and I have. I’m afraid you’ll just have to deal with it, Tony.”
Bruce looks back down and Tony watches Villager Bruce pull out a slingshot and pop a balloon floating overhead. A present drops to the ground.
A professor recently denied tenure decided to show his university how wrong they’d been and tried to use the Coney Island Ferris Wheel as a superconductor for…something. Whatever it was, it didn’t work before the Avengers arrived. Not even Tony is sure what the professor had been trying to do or why there were a bunch of mannequins stuffed with explosives scattered around the park.
Steve very firmly tells himself he will not blush. The triumphant smile on Tony’s face suggests he is not wholly successful.
Tony glances back at Carter. His expression is tight, something biting pulled back just enough that Tony can’t identify it.
“Sorry,” Steve says, his voice thickly Brooklyn and rough from sleep. “Sometimes I forget”—and he makes a gesture that Tony assumes means
“Yeah,” Tony acknowledges. “I heard you.” His voice sounds distant, even to his own ears. “I think I’m gonna need more pain pills.”
“You get kind of numb to it when you’re in the spotlight your entire life. Then the outlandish claims start to seem funny.” He smiles, but it’s tight. “Especially when the true things they’ve printed are worse.”
Steve is quiet a long moment. “You know that’s not true, Tony. That’s not why I was given this… the other body.”
Steve, because he is as Tony mentioned, a very bad man, pulls off Tony’s t-shirt first. Tony grumbles at him and tugs impatiently at Steve’s uniform top until Steve indulges him, letting go of Tony long enough to slip his arms from the sleeves. The uniform is worse than Tony realized, peppered with tears and burns.
Three repulsor blasts knock the agents off their feet, including the one—ones?—who fired. Howard falls back against the door, sweat in a thick layer over his face. No blood darkening his suit. Yet.
Steve knows the receptionist and security guards by name, says goodnight to each of them individually. The receptionist, a college-aged man, blushes at the attention. Steve pretends not to notice. He shakes hands with the security guards, making a joke that gets a laugh from the men who were unmoved when Tony walked in.
When he remembers how to breathe properly again, Tony is going to talk Fury into an embarrassingly large bonus for Steve.
From the back of the room, there are two shrill whistles and a booming whoop. Then a cheer from somewhere in the audience and slowly, a ripple of applause that builds until it's thunderous.
With a quick twist, he’s slipped into the space between Steve’s legs. He tracks several tiny Steve reactions: a quick, quiet intake of breath; his hands jerking forward before Steve clamps them to the underside of his stool; his gaze scanning the length of Tony’s body, lingering where Tony's leg and hip press against him.
“Sure, Steve,” Tony says and watches him leave the workshop. “What the fuck,” he breathes once the coast is clear. “JARVIS?”
Each day, they get closer to rebuilding the accidental time machine, with a few alterations Steve insists on. Must not explode, must actually send Howard back to the point when he left. Tony bites back a comment about how picky Steve is, feeling the heat of it in his throat. He’s made his own rule for these next few days: do not flirt with Steve (more than usual) in front of Howard. Sex and sexuality were never mentioned by name in the Stark household, though Tony’s pretty sure a few of the parables his father shared over the years were sex talks in disguise, not advice on ethics, weapons technology, and technological advancements.
There’s a large appliqué of Steve’s shield rendered in the same fabric stitched to the back of the robe.
“You know, recklessness? It’s kind of my thing.” Tony saunters around the counter into Steve’s space, pokes Steve’s chest. “You’re stealing it. Retroactively.”
Tony wonders for a moment if he’s crashed in the suit and is dreaming this. “What,” he hears himself say.
“Printing lies and rumors, eh? Well, I have some experience with that. Come on, give me your hand, you great big sap. Let us take a turn about the pond.”
Steve nods. “Just after the Dodgers signed him. Did a special show for the team before they sent us to Europe. He couldn’t enlist because of his asthma—Branca, I mean. I…had some idea of what that was like.”
Steve shifts Tony’s feet into his lap, settling more firmly on the couch as he watches the opening scenes of secret underground bases that remind him of SHIELD's older facilities. He does like the movie. Tony wriggles further down the couch until his butt rests against Steve's thigh. Tony spends so much of his day tightly controlled—for investors, for the press—Steve doesn’t mind that when he relaxes, there’s often a risk of finding yourself caught in the sprawl.
“Seems that way,” he murmurs just as he sees Tony start to calculate the best way to wriggle free and shove Steve up against one of the metal tables. “Want me to make a more thorough check?”
A hand closes around Tony’s wrist and gently pins his arm back to the bed. Steve leans over him and kisses Tony.
“Well.” Tony swallows. “Until it’s a problem that needs solving, no use crying over…crushed butterflies.”
Tony thinks. Rogers isn’t the man in the newsreels. That man was superficial, a symbol of the enduring status quo people needed at a time of upheaval and deep fear. That man would probably reminisce about the good old days or tradition or whatever fuck conservative talk radio is on about this week.
“Hard to know who to trust?” Howard fills in.  “No need to hide anymore, here; not like where I’m headed back to.”
Steve hovers, uncertain of his place. It’s disorienting, like being on the helicarrier and desperately pleased to have caught Fury’s
It’s not the first time Steve’s run from the police, but it’s certainly the first time his escape was never in question.
“You’re a billionaire,” Steve replies, unconcerned, and topples Tony backwards into the bed. “Buy a new one.”
Steve tosses him an amused look. “You could have called, you know,” he replies, distracted as he works on the button and zipper of Tony’s jeans.
I discovered this is actually in 9 parts not 8 when I went to edit and upload what I thought were the last two chapters. So: surprise! today, there are three! This seems like a decent way to show 2020 the door and brace for 2021.
Your childhood hero, who was best friends with your garbage excuse of a father—who really ought to be the witch or sorcerer or whatever in this story—asking to meet you.
“Yeah,” Steve said, eyes snapping up to meet Tony’s. “You’re a lot to handle but I think I can manage.”)
Steve recognizes the cautious invitation and the way they're looking at him. “I’d love to,” he says.
Tony suspects it’s all an act put on to annoy Clint, who once made the mistake of joking that Steve would obviously hate rock music and the 80s because he had old-man tastes and something about the music being too loud. Even more compelling, if Thor is around and joins Steve, the two of them have no problem harmonizing and trade off who hits the song's one howling high note.
Steve is breathing hard now. Tony nuzzles at his low back, his sacrum, following the roil of Steve’s hips. Even with all that fear of hurting someone by accident, once Steve gets his hands on Tony, Tony thinks about how he must have been a very very good person in a former life.
“Ha!” Tony flips up his goggles to grin triumphantly. “So, Steve, which life study do you like best? Titian? Rubens? Don't tell me you're a Botticelli man.”
GC: I was hoping you might have some records of my grandma’s wartime service. She was a special agent in WWII and most of what’s survived is in still-classified archives with other agencies. I was pointed in your direction and thought…well, why not.
“Latest edition,” Nat says. “Someone got a lucky shot of you two on your way back from the recent clean-up.”
Tony jumps to his feet and plants his palms on Steve’s knees, leaning forward to peer into his face. He feels Steve start under his hands rather than sees it—it’s barely even there, that reaction. Steve blinks back at him.
Tony turns and heads back downstairs to Howard and the time machine, a new project’s blueprints unfolding in his head.
“You’re brilliant, Tony,” Steve repeats. “So much more brilliant than Howard ever was. When I see any of Howard in you, it’s that part. Ten years ahead of the rest of us and fearless.”
As if Tony thought such things into being, Steve jerks back and turns. A half-second later, the bridge falls away beneath Tony’s feet, and it’s only Steve’s arm around him that keeps him from dropping. Steve drags them to cover.
“You cast a spell without knowing its full power?” Thor demands, incredulous. “Do you not remember what our mother always taught us about using magic?”
“Hell, that’s not something I can take credit for, either. All I did was manage not to lose it. Steve,” Howard says sternly, seeing Steve open his mouth. “Leave it be. I know who I am.”
It’s well-furnished but there isn’t much decor. There’s a hallway leading to a handful of closed doors, a well-sized sitting room, and a kitchen with room enough for a small bistro table and two chairs to be tucked into an alcove.
How is it that loving someone who never gives up can feel so hopeless, like a wound that will never close over? Tony wonders, half-delirious with pain and lying heavy in the wreck of the Avengers Compound.
“Tony, I…I could’ve done this on my own,” he stumbles, knocked flat by the gesture. “No!” Steve interjects, already seeing Tony retreating into himself. “No, that’s not what I mean, I just.” He rubs a hand over his face. “This is the nicest thing anyone’s done for me in…”
“Okay. I don’t do this, got it?” Clint waves between him and Tony. “The pining thing. Act on your feelings or don’t, you know?”
“It’s like they’re just messing with me now,” Tony says, glaring at the article. “We were kissing, for fuck’s sake. On a bridge. It was
“I had other scars before the serum,” Steve says quietly. His eyes are somewhere else. “They’re gone now. I didn’t think I’d miss them.”
“Literally knocking you off your feet?” Tony says above him, laughter in his eyes. “You’re going to give me an inflated ego.”
Tony chuckled. “Well, if you decide you’re too close to a demonstration of how a Wii remote can be used to kill someone, couch’s open in the workshop.”
Sorry not sorry, he’d said, eyes on Tony’s. JARVIS was going too slow for his tastes. And there he was: the angry kid from Brooklyn finally kicking his way free from the ice.
“Tony, seriously?” Steve manages. “I was in the army. You try having any kind of privacy during a war.”
They partner up, rotate after a few steps with each person, and Steve finds that dance chemistry varies quite a lot. Some of the leads he understands immediately. Others don’t signal a move and look frustrated when he doesn’t follow. Not too unlike learning to fight together, Steve notes wryly.
“Steve,” Tony protests. “I—come on, you know I’m a mess. I’m sure to fuck it all up, even with the perfect all-American man millions swoon over.”
Tony cuts sharply down one of the narrower DC alleys and breaks into a run. He hears a shout and people chasing him, but if he can get into the used and antiquarian bookstore that’s just within his sights, he can sneak out the back. Tony yanks the door open, bells clanging, and shoots past Reed at the counter with a wave. He winds through the bookshelves, deep satisfaction unfurling in him at the sounds of confusion and Reed’s sharp scolding behind him.
The picture, Steve notes with amusement, is not much more suggestive than any previous photographs of him and Tony together. This one is just after Tony kissed him on stage. In the picture, Tony grins at Steve, Steve’s tie still wrapped around his hand. Steve is grinning back, his cheeks flushed and his hand on Tony’s hip. They look unmistakably and entirely smitten.
Two chapters in today's update! Chapter 3 (this one) is a statement transcript, followed by an interlude written like a typical fanfic.
There’s a pause while JARVIS cycles through his knowledge base. “I’ve compiled a list of relevant articles on the matter concerning you and Captain Rogers. Might I suggest beginning with the following advice columns?”
“Better do it soon,” Steve advises, his eyes fixed on Howard. “I think he’s about to make a break for it.”
This first chapter is an author’s note/artist statement because I think it’s important for me to be transparent about what I’m trying to do, what I will never do in this fic, and provide some general warnings. If necessary, I’ll add new content warnings at the start of individual chapters. Everything is organized under headers below. This might make the fic less stressful and/or help clarify any questions or it might make you realize you don't want to read it--that's totally okay, whatever you choose!
“What?” Tony says, hands in pockets and big grin on his face. “I said you needed to look gayer, darling. Therefore: my treat.”
Each chapter will have its own set of warnings at the start as needed. Future warnings will include cissexism, gender essentialism, discussion of gender identity challenges and coming out, canon-typical misogyny, canon-typical violence, and misgendering (please see next section on Steve’s pronouns for more details).
Steve looks over Tony’s shoulder, his hand on Tony’s back. He’s saying something too quiet for Howard to hear, but Howard can see the relaxed smile on Tony’s face, how his body leans in to Steve almost too slight to notice. And Howard has seen Steve make that same warm, open expression in Peggy’s direction enough times he could probably draw it from memory.
“Wait—Tony.” Steve sighs. “You don’t look like you’ve eaten. Why don’t you join me? It’ll be ready in another few minutes.”
Before Steve can answer, a coil of light gathers in one of the Loki’s palms. He points. Tony starts to move, but Steve is quicker and closer. His shield goes up and he braces, taking the full power of whatever it is that Loki had been aiming at Tony. It’s almost like he’s watching this happen to someone else, Tony realizes, as Steve is lifted clear off his feet and thrown backwards. Steve lies very still.
“Yeah, fine, look. Humor me, would you, Steve? I know a collapsing work/life balance when I see one. Go on, shoo. Jeans and one of those vintage Depression shirts or whatever.”
“No! No, I don’t know that, Steve! You’re fucking kidding me, right? A liability? We might have all gotten to the point in the team-comes-together bonding story arc where we can trust we’ll cover each other’s backs, but no one—no one—trusts anyone more than you, Steve.” Tony holds up a hand. “No, whatever’s going on in that head of yours, zip it. Tomorrow you’ll get up, go for your daily marathon, and then we’ll hook you up to whatever machines Bruce has that keeping making that irritating beeping noise and put the new Steve body through the paces. JARVIS can flag anything that looks funny and if—
The reel cuts to Steve post-serum. He lifts increasingly heavier weights or sprints around a track. Even on film this old, Tony can see how snug Steve’s t-shirts are, the ripple of his muscles under the fabric.
Steve takes the uniform out of Tony’s hands and tosses it aside. “You’re gonna make a fella think he’s boring,” he murmurs.
“Looks like the heat from the blast melted it. It’s stuck.” Tony prods gently around the wound. “We get any data on their weapons?”
“Well,” Clint says, tipping his chair back on two legs. “I’m looking forward to watching heads explode when the world finds out you’re gay. Is it just dudes or—ow, hey! What the hell, Nat!”
“The secret is to start looking at what can make you the most bells the fastest, right? Well, it’s not the stalk market; that’s a waste of time and there's no logic to it. But if you start building up a supply of fruit from your island and travel to others’ islands with your tools and—hey! What—are you doing. Aren’t you
They dance until the music fades out and the risotto is ready to be eaten, everything else about who they are and what will still be there tomorrow fading away for just a song or two.
“And why do we need to know that?” Nat asks, her attempt at innocent a little too performative to be believable.
By the time Fury arrives, they’ve wrapped up the background and Steve has answered as many of Howard’s questions he’s sure he can safely.
“Tony,” Steve begins, staring as he realizes the list moves into charts and graphs and—are those surveillance reports on the other villagers? “Tony are you trying to hack into this game.”
“They were in season,” Tony says from the other side of the counter. “Bought a bushel. Or a peck? Never could keep those straight.”
“I don’t begrudge anybody celebrating the end of a war just because I showed up late. Think I might’ve missed my chance for any of that.”
“Suppose we could look through the old files,” Tony says. “Erskine’s notes aren’t complete, you know, but…might be something.”
Steve’s grin is slow and laced with mischief. “Liar,” he says and oh, it is delicious how the word curls on his tongue.
“Uh, yeah. I just…I remembered what you said and thought.” Tony waves his hands in vague gesture. “You know. I should see what…your workshop looks like.” He clears his throat again. “Looks like I got the time wrong.”
Drag performers were popular entertainment in speakeasies in the 1920s and 1930s, and drag balls (many in Harlem) were huge events that drew LGBTQIA+ and straight audiences alike. More restrictive laws surrounding LGBTQIA+ folks were passed and went into effect in the 1940s due to WWII and gay men and women being considered psychologically unfit to serve in the military. What's interesting, though, is that the war relaxed social mores and the mass moving around of people meant queer folks who had never known someone else queer before enlistment were now finding other queer folks at the same military bases, forts, and/or camps. Pretty wild, huh? (Allan Bérubé's book
“Howard, you’re not in danger,” Steve says calmly. “I survived the crash. This facility is where…I was brought to recover.”
“Jesus Christ,” Tony says over the comm. “Barton, are you mad because real life interrupted your little game?”
“Well, you know,” Steve says, that same dry humor in his voice. “The Depression. We never threw anything away.”
Tony spots Steve walking back towards them. He’s barefoot and tying the belt of a blue silk robe that’s the same shade as his Battle of New York uniform.
“Why am I not the Terminator in this scenario?” Steve wants to know as he follows Tony out of the room.
“Excellent. Romanov, upgrade of your choice next week. Rush order. Oh, and permission to break a few fingers of whoever’s dumb enough to try something with you.”
As far as Tony’s first spin as a team leader goes, it’s not great. Could be worse. They are working together, after all, even if “working together” means “shoving him and Cap into a conference room and shutting the door, but only after confiscating the Iron Man helmet and Captain America shield so there’s a less likely chance of them killing one another, à la gingham dog and calico cat.”
“You know, I miss the days when the most exciting thing to happen on a walk was an asthma attack,” Steve observes.
“Listen, my point is, it’s very difficult for people to say mean things about a war veteran who gave his life to save New York, was lost and presumed dead, and when recovered alive decades later, promptly saved New York again.”
“Tony,” Steve murmurs, nudging his forehead against Tony’s. “I picked you. That’s got to count for something, right?”
Steve is quiet for a few long breaths. “Thank you for telling me, Tony. I’m sorry that was your childhood.”
He runs some tests, enlists JARVIS’s help piecing through what evidence he and Bruce gathered over the two very surreal weeks.
Hello all! Thank you so much for the comments & kudos! My apologies for not updating yesterday. It was one of those days where I had a plan and then reality was like, "hahahaha that's
Tony doesn’t know what to say. The Howard he knew never expressed this kind of doubt about his work, never talked about Steve as anything other than unwaveringly heroic. It’s probably part of what made it difficult for Tony to first see past the ridiculous spangly outfit and set jaw to the man underneath: startlingly young and out of his depth in a new time, but who’d decided the only thing to do was pick his shield back up and keep fighting for the little guy. Nothing left to lose.
Tony shrugs, circling the pit to where Steve stands. “A hunch. Maybe you’d be back.” He grins, crooked. “I have a thing for longshots.”
But then. Steve had drawn comic book covers to replace the mean tabloids and never admitted they were his drawings. Steve had shoved his way through Sokovia’s rubble just to hug Tony, clutching him tight enough to dimple the suit.
It’s not the smoothest flight, but Tony hasn’t ever been hauling 200+ pounds of American hero before. Steve is calm and—when Tony has a chance to glance at him—enchanted by the city blanketed below them.
“You think I’m going to mess around with this? I’m not sure if you realize, but if we screw this up, I'm out of a job.”
Tony’s fingers are in his hair, pulling Steve’s head back. Then Tony’s mouth is on his, his body pressing in, and Steve holds him there and thinks he could glide across any dance floor as well as Ginger Rogers if it were Tony Stark he was following.
If you’d told Tony Stark four years ago—hell, even three—that he’d end up with tenants who were also colleagues and who were also, somehow, inexplicably becoming family, he’d have laughed in your face. A team of superheroes in Manhattan, sure. Living in Stark Tower? Why the fuck not. Also, aliens, mind-control glow-y stone, Norse gods are real
Nat looks back to where Tony and Steve are standing frozen in the doorway. She presses her lips together tightly and widens her eyes. Behind him, Steve chokes on a snort of laughter.
Tony hooks his arm through Steve’s and starts forward, giving up on fighting laughter. “Come on, soldier. Time to face your team.”
“Thanks.” Steve retrieves a clean t-shirt and pulls it on, wincing a little. “Never hurts any less.”
“Well, dating’s changed a lot since I tried my hand at it, but sure seems like gifts, compliments, and an invitation to walk around a festival check the right boxes. What do you say, Tony? My shift’s done.”
He starts to raise his arm and wave, to signal he’s all right. Tony jolts when he realizes Steve has already crossed half the distance at a run. He’s not being particularly nimble, shouldering rubble aside and racking up barely-missed connections of his face and the ground.
to fill up the quiet. He makes his way through a few award-winning albums to start and JARVIS helps him find more based on what he likes. Steve guards these discoveries fiercely, savoring the private joy of having something for just himself again.
to stop him, and end up across the room for his troubles—Steve pulls his uniform undershirt off over his head and tosses it aside. Sure enough, a few layers of skin go, too, and his back bleeds freely.
Steve raises his eyebrows and pretends to search the couch cushions. “I don’t see a projector set up. Is there not a PowerPoint Presentation?”
“No, I’m saving those for Rhodey. What? Don’t look at me like that—has to practice using his suit in non-combat situations somehow, right?”
Tony sucks in a sharp breath, last night flashing back to him. How he’d grabbed Steve’s chin tight and commanded,
“Could use someone with more artistic skill to help me draw up plans and prototypes. Digital mockups are great, but sometimes a sketch is what closes the deal.” Tony tilts his head. “Sometimes, you just need a little old-fashioned.”
Tony spins around, frowning at Steve. “I don’t really need this star-spangled man with a family plan pep talk, Cap.”
“Dear heart,” Tony says quietly, weary suddenly, “not even you with your fine spangly ass could have knocked some sense into me then.”
In the photograph, Steve and Tony are walking through the street festival, wreathed by Pride flags. Steve is laughing and turned towards Tony at his side, his arm slung around Tony’s hips. The bisexual flag is visible on Steve’s cheek. Tony grins back at Steve. He’s wearing a shirt they scrounged up after an incident involving rainbow shaved ice, a hula hoop, and Tony’s determination to best Steve at something.
“Exciting morning?” Tony asks, not looking up from his tablet. He hasn’t shaved yet or even brushed his hair, looks like, and Steve feels a swell of affection. It’s doused quickly by an equally strong spike of fear—what if this is part of the spell?
“Fury tells me your parents are no longer with us,” Rogers cuts in, tension in his jaw. “My condolences.”
have a warm, if occasionally volatile, friendship. Sometimes, it all still makes Tony dizzy to think about: Iron Man, the Avengers all living in the Tower, and how his closest friends now include two highly-trained spies, a Jekyll/Hyde analogue, a Norse god, and the tragic hero his dad never shut up about. And Steve had turned out to be so damn likable, Tony would have suspected this a side effect of the serum if Peggy Carter hadn't liked Steve from the start. Tony wasn't always great at admitting when he was beat, but he'd had no chance once Steve turned that genuine, open smile on him the first time.
Tony layers kisses down Steve’s spine. He digs his fingers into Steve’s sides, dragging down in that way that makes Steve press a moan into a pillow. Steve likes touch, Tony learned quickly. The data gathering has been a source of joy, watching how each shoulder touch means Steve leans closer. A palm pressed briefly to his back reassures him of your presence. He holds himself as still as he can in public, but when it’s just the two of them, Steve arches into every brush of Tony against him, stretching each moment of contact.
He really ought to pay for that damage, Steve thinks distantly. He swallows hard and braces himself for Tony’s frown.
Tony turns his back, hunching over his work. “Just give me a few hours’ peace, would you? I don’t need Captain America peering over my shoulder when he’s going to be tailing me all week.”
“Oh,” Stark’s eyes widen at that, as if he never could have predicted this turn in the conversation.  “Great.  So...we’re done?”
The ride back to Stark Tower is one of the longest, most awkward events of his life.  Tony steadfastly avoids his gaze, preferring instead to spend his time looking out the taxi window to the familiar streets of New York, which leaves Steve to mentally break down in silence.
“The problem is, other elements just don’t react the way that vibranium does on a chemical level.  The arc-reactor basically functions as a multi-isotope radio-decay cell.  Ionized molecules, vibranium in this case, emit harvestable amounts of energy as they decay, and the gamma rays produced from the electron capture process catalyze the beta decay from the vibranium core.  The difference between the electron flow in the outer and inner rings enables an electric current, which you can then harvest for power.  Simple enough, right?”  Steve assumes that’s a rhetorical question.  “Unfortunately, it’s damn near impossible to work backwards when you already have a fully functioning model.  Vibranium is expensive as all hell to produce, so using it just won’t work in a commercial environment, but other molecular structures don’t have a comparable decay rate to produce the necessary electron flow, which is sort of essential to the whole process!”
She does make a difference.  Falling debris has trapped some people on the seventy-sixth floor, and she’s able to clear some rubble that the fireman definitely wouldn’t have been able to move in time.  She’s making one final sweep when the ceiling caves in, effectively cutting off her access to all exits.
Thor passes it over with a slight admonishment.  “You would do well to keep your weapon with you at all times.  You never know when it might be of use.”
“Amazing, isn’t it?”  Her voice sound light and detached, and her eyes never leave the bronze Alice.  Steve keeps moving with caution.
“No, I think I learned my lesson.”  Steve reaches into his bag, and pulls out his laptop.  “I just brought everything from yesterday.  I didn’t know what exactly you wanted me to do, so I figured I’d best grab everything.”
“Believe me, I know,” he answers.  “I’m catching up with things.  Kind of,” he adds with a glance toward his stack of library books.
He lets go of Steve’s hand and starts wandering toward the statues along the side of the street.  Keeping his voice buoyant, he starts joking.  “Either way, I still don’t want a giant bronze Black Widow chasing me around.  Although, this guy seems to have done his fair share of damage.”  He gestures toward the rearing horse along the side of the path.  Why is a horse doing in Central Park?  What did the horse do to deserve a statue?  Did it buck off a rider?  Is there some general somewhere on the other side of the park sans horse? He grabs hold of the yellow caution tape enclosing the figure and hoists it over his head.
After a good thirty seconds of being ignored, he balls up his fist and starts pounding on the glass, not knowing what else it’s going to take to get Stark’s attention.  Finally, Stark’s head turns in quick, jerky motion.  He seems confused at first, as if he can’t imagine what could possibly be disrupting his workflow, until he finally takes stock of Steve’s face.  His eyes widen, then narrow.
Tony was going to die.  His heart, never his best organ since the whole terrorist, shrapnel, car battery thing, was beating a mile and minute and was due to burst out of his chest any moment now.  What had made him think this was even a remotely good idea?
After an almost indiscernible pause, JARVIS answers.  “Mr. Stark is the only person currently in the lab.”
Startled, Steve props himself up on his elbows.  The change of angle gives him a better view of whatever it is that’s causing that glow, although his brain has trouble processing the input.  It looks remarkably like…
“Not even a microwave.”  Out of all of the new technology he’s encountered in this century, the microwave is at the top of his list of favorite things.  Hot food on demand is not to be underestimated.
“I’m not sure if I’m exactly the best person to be field testing your new technology,” he starts.  “I’m not exactly great at – ”
“I’m just surprised, that’s all.”  He can see the wheels in her head turning, when all of the sudden she stops abruptly and looks him in the eye.  “You’re not sleeping with your SHIELD contact to, like, get him on your side or something, are you?”
Iron Man tilts his head to the side. “You know, I bet if I worked at it, I could adapt the voice modulator to sound like James Earl Jones. That would be appropriately badass. I could terrorize our enemies into submission.
JARVIS has got the doors open by the time he steps off the last step, and he immediately starts looking around.  It only takes a moment to locate the inventor; processing what he sees is a whole nother story.
“Which is why I have to leave before we hit midnight. The way our lives work, I’m not gonna risk fate.”
Tony raises one gauntlet hand and wraps it firmly around Steve’s waist.  His armor assisted strength pulls Steve forward so that their chests are nearly touching.  As Steve stumbles forward, Tony slides one mental boot underneath his foot, so it functions sort of like a platform.
Well, it’s too late to turn back now.  He quickly enters in the information for Stark, Tony and then presses the home button on his phone.
It takes him a moment to fully assess the scene in front of him.  Tony’s still airborne, but the suit looks tarnished, a bit similar to the way it looked after fighting the Chitauri.  Thor is planted on the ground, Mjolnir in hand, wielding a bolt of lightning toward a large, hulking figure.  It looks vaguely humanoid but warped somehow, as if someone had taken a wax mold of the human body, heated it and twisted it at random.
Tony still has no idea what made him invite Steve into his lab.  There are tenured PhDs who would sell their firstborn for ten minutes down here, yet the only person he’s ever invited inside is some SHIELD agent with an agenda.  It makes absolutely no sense, but Tony can’t quite bring himself to regret it.  Maybe it was the fact that Steve actually seemed to care about what Tony was creating instead of the standard SHIELD, please-thank you-build us more tech spiel.  He’d almost thought Steve’s offer to leave and never come back was a ploy, but that strategy would have depended way too much on Tony’s good graces, so not a great plan.
“We’re not the ones who started it!” Tony’s voice echoes back.  The last word is strangely clipped, as if he’s been cut off abruptly.
Tony’s hypothesizing about the behavior of free electrons when his screens suddenly black out.  It takes him a moment to fully understand what’s going on.  His tech has powered off, and his tech never powers off without his consent.
“It’s got some sort of electromagnetic force field,” Tony says, his voice somewhat breathless over the earpieces.  “Nothing solid gets through.”
“Tony, we are not destroying my old phone.  It’s unnecessary.  Besides, aren’t you supposed to recycle the battery anyway?”
“Steve, no, I’m sorry that’s just wrong.  And crazy.  Like the moon landing was faked, Elvis walks among us, dingo ate my baby crazy.  We’re talking
“Also a risk, but that’s what the blast wall’s for.”  Stark gestures toward a large metal wall with a tiny inset window.  The smoke seems to be coming from somewhere behind it.  “The wall keeps the explosions from getting out of hand...most of them anyway.”
, women on this task force, because as much as she’d loved the Commandos, it was sometimes hard not to feel like the odd-woman out.  She and Nat get along like a house on fire, straight from the get-go.  The redheaded woman is, Steph senses, a lot of different things, but she’s a professional and Steph can respect that.  The woman exudes confidence and competency, which are just the sort of qualities that she wants in the person standing next to her.
“It means,” Natasha cuts in, “that you’ve somehow managed to get close to Stark in a relatively short time frame.  And that’s unusual, particularly for Stark.”
He’s starting to get worried when JARVIS’ voice finally rings out from speakers in the ceiling.  “I’m here.”
He moves, placing one of his hands behind Steve’s neck and threads the other through his hair.  Their combined momentum drives them back against the door, and Steve is trapped between Tony’s chest and the hands cradling his head.  Before Steve can finish his utterly pointless apology, Tony presses their mouths together.
“Sorry if they got a bit squashed on the way over,” Steve apologizes, slowly shrugging off his messenger bag and removing his jacket.  “The saddlebags were a bit full, so I had to carry the bagels.”
“My pleasure, Sir.  I thought it best to keep with slightly dated references, since the conversations seemed to be drifting in that direction.”
“No,” the woman answers back.  “But I heard about your planet, and I had to come and see.  It’s as beautiful as I imagined it would be.”
“Exactly!” Steve nods.  “You’re probably able to wade through all of this modern stuff much easier than I would.  It would be nice if I occasionally didn’t feel like a complete idiot in his presence and was able to snap back with something relevant to our conversation.  You could help me with that.”
“Hawkeye, what’s your status?”  He waits desperately for the reply but remains focused on the alien enchantress and the pilgrim.
“Is Tony okay?”  JARVIS is still a bit too disconcerted for Steve’s peace of mind, and he wonders what exactly it would take to unnerve Tony’s AI.  “Is it Iron Man?  Did he make it back safely.”
His response is somewhat sheepish.  “Yeah.  Sorry about that.  I was just squaring things away with Tony.”  Although it had been rude to completely ignore his teammates.  But while they’re here, it can’t hurt to ask.  “Hey, do either of you know what this means?”  He passes his phone to Natasha, who raises one perfectly sculpted eyebrow when she finally gets a look at his screen.
“For the past half hour or so, Sir.  By my estimate, Mr. Stark should conclude his current welding task in approximately eighteen minutes.”
Okaaaay, so the future has cream cheese with chives.  Good to know.  He doesn’t know exactly where to find it, but he’s sure he can figure it out.  He starts typing again.
At that, Tony threads his fingers together and slumps down over his knees.  His neck tilts down toward his closed hands, and Steve’s trying his best not to read that as anything other than the dejection it looks like.
“You know,” she drawls, “you don’t exactly have to wait up.  I haven’t had a curfew in decades, and I’m pretty sure even when I did have one, I didn’t pay attention to it.”
Tony, however, seems far more engaged with what’s just appeared on the screen.  He starts off with an inelegant snort, but within a couple of seconds he’s broken out into full-fledged laughter.  To Steve’s eternal satisfaction, Tony curls toward rather than away from him when the laughter causes him to double over.
“At least,” Tasha continues as if she hadn’t interrupted, “they love you until you mess something up.  Or lose a fight.  Or say something controversial.  Public opinion can turn on a dime, and then where does that leave us?  This,” she gestures up and down her elaborate and no doubt expensive getup.  “This is all of the legwork that goes on behind the scenes that allows us to keep doing what we do, because at the end of the day we need funding and the government’s approval, or at least their grudging toleration.  Hence, benefit galas with influential people in attendance.”
I let Agent Rogers down to see you because a) You cannot keep brushing off SHIELD liaisons and b) I’m tired of acting as your go between.  If we need to renegotiate our contracts, then we can contact the legal department and get that under way.  I’d like to avoid that scenario, given your repeated insistence that you don’t like paperwork, and there would be so much paperwork, Tony.
He phrases a tentative question.  “JARVIS, how long have you been – ” he struggles for the right word, “ – awake?”
“Yes, but think Steve,” Iron Man snaps back. “If you'd embraced the power of the internet, we all could have avoided that little peep show this morning.”
The doctor tells him that he can go into her room if he likes, and despite all that’s happened between them, Steve can’t not go.
“All right, then,” Steve replies.  It’s all a bit awkward now that he knows there’s nothing life-threatening, not to mention this is the most he’s talked to Stark since their deadlock began.  “I’ll just go…”  He begins to make his way back to the hole in the glass wall when something moves at the corners of his peripheral vision.
“I think so?” he tells her.  He hopes so, at least.  “He seemed more concerned with the fact that I’d missed out on twenty years of technology than anything else.”
The other man crosses his arms over his chest, but there’s a smile on his face as he leans back against a nearby countertop.
He’s handling it well, though.  It’s not exactly like there’s a psychological threshold for near-death-via-alien-induced-space-anomaly.  He’s pretty sure he’s the most well-adjusted man to survive an extra-terrestrial invasion while simultaneously moonlighting as a superhero.
He takes a few more moments to tend to Dum-E before he make his way to the counter and shrug off his bag.  As he pulls his phone out, he’s surprised to find that he’s gotten one new message during the short ride over.
“So…” Steve starts hesitantly, “if I had something I wanted to tell you, but I didn’t know how your were going to react, you’d want me to come out with it even if the truth might upset you?”
For a moment she seems to consider it, but she finally says, “It’d be a shame to let the food go to waste.” She looks away from him to glare at the ceiling. “JARVIS, remind me to have
Without bothering to remove his jacket or his shoes, he plops down on the sofa.  He’s got this.  Or rather, JARVIS has got this, and he can work out the details later.  He is a genius, after all.  All he has to do is plan the perfect date, execute it, and then find a way to tell Steve about their dual secret identities.  Easy, right?
He says as much to Steve, leaving out the details about his unreciprocated crush but expressing his overall frustration with paparazzi.  To his surprise, Steve’s eyes droop.
Steve snorts at that. He’s not overly fond of the shows, but given its sheer number of episodes, he can appreciate the number of people they employ.
because Tony is Iron Man and, without knowing it, they’ve been in this thing together all along.  They’re partners, now in multiple senses of the word, and as much as he’s going to hate seeing Tony throw himself into danger, this is his fight too.
It takes several seconds to get an answer, and Steve spends them all staring at an immobile suit. Finally, Iron Man replies. “Fine. We’ll try.”
“Take things slow?”  Tony chews over the words, as if he’s digesting something incomprehensible in a foreign language.  “What does that even mean?”
He hears someone shifting behind him, and the next moment Barton’s hand appears on his shoulder.  He brushes it aside more harshly than is strictly necessary.
P.S.  According to JARVIS, he left shortly after I did but came back around 8:00 this morning.  Isn’t this what we have security for?
“They don’t exist yet.  SHIELD’s functioning perfectly fine without them, and can keep on functioning without them.  I’ve got more important things on my plate right now.”
Steve cocks an eyebrow.  Even nearly dead and lying on the ground, he still manages to keep that eyebrow.  “How do you figure that?”
“I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” he responds, deliberately dropping his voice.  Tony’s eyes widen, his pupils expanding to overshadow his irises, and
Seventy years later, and he’s still got the same problem.  As much he craves intimacy, he’s still got a giant red, white, and blue secret hovering over every aspect of his private life, not to mention the fact that he’s technically a ninety year old man encased inside a twenty-something body.  Most people his own age are either dead or in nursing homes, a thought which always lingers at the back of his consciousness, and the people he meets who are in their twenties just seem so damn young, drunk on life in a way that’s no longer possible for him.  Small wonder he finds it hard to connect.
“I see.  Might want to stick a bookmark in it, Cap.  We need you bright-eyed and bushy-tailed just in case of any early morning catastrophes.”
“That’s one way to look at it.  But that argument assumes that the decision you're making is an impulse move that hasn’t been fully thought out.  And I’ve thought about this.”  Slowly, so that Tony has the opportunity to pull away, he reaches out and grabs the back of Tony’s hand in a mirror image of what they were doing earlier this morning.  “I’ve thought about it a lot.  And I’m tired of time running away.  I’d like to get out ahead of it for once.”
He had been raped... Over, and over, and over again. Never stopping. Never ceasing. Tony fell unconcious before that creature stopped violating him, and that was
power, and how does he repay him?! Slinking back like a wounded dog, begging to be taken back, to be given another chance. But then to attack when his back was turned! Of course he intercepted him, and was slowly beating him until he had fled to his little entourage.  He hadn't expected the pest to be able to weaken him so. That was why he was summoning his strongest assassin.
He feels as if he's at the bottom of a large lake. Being drowned by the heavy blackness as it tried to drag him downward once more.
But before they could fly off, an agent a part of the cleanup crew trots over with a confused and spooked look on his face. "Sir! Sir, they're nothing there! Just some black substance on the ground!" Shouting in order to be heard over the copter blades.
But not just that, Tony could hear trees whispering in the wind. His bones creaked as he started to sit up. It was a hard landing and he would have been worse off if it hadn't been for Cap wrapping his body around him right before they hit the ground.
Tony stood in the middle of the room and clapped his hands together. "Alrighty! You are all wondering why I've brought you all here. It's-"
Slenderman creaks open his wide jaws to lick at his silver teeth, disturbing some of the black spittle and cobwebs hanging there. "
Sorry about the long ass wait! This was on a semi permanent hiatus but your sugary sweet comments pushed me to continue! So here is the next chapter!
Alright, so this isn't mine, all rights are reserved to valuneird on deviantart who drew this. I just saw this on Google and thought that it best captured what I was trying to convey! http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2013/039/7/a/slenderman_by_valuneird-d5u95sy.png
Thor's voice boomed as he answered. "We have something similar to what you all call 'haunted houses' in Asgard. I shall attend!"
Thanos stood up slowly, "My absent assassin! You were gone awhile! I had almost let myself think that you were vanquished!"
Tony worriedly steps forward, but thinks about it and backs up again. "What's going on? What's wrong with you?"
Rhodey rolls close to him in his wheelchair and puts a hand on his shoulder. "Again? Is it worse this time?"
Thanos sighs. "Of course not. But it will be a hindrance, one that can be avoided if possible. Last we heard was that he was stalking some poor mortal on Midgard. Once Proxima and Corvus finish retrieving the mind stone, have them find out more. Tell them to fall back if Slenderman gets involved, however. They wouldn't last long in that fight."
When they reach Fury standing next to a helicopter, he beckons them inside. "I'll have the cleanup crew pick up the corpse."
" Tony was shaking from head to toe. But before he could even think to reply, he heard Pepper calling from down the hall, back toward the gala. The engineer panicked and looked back to the statue that was holding him captive. But only it wasn't anymore. The statue was of a normal man reaching out again. The picture was back to normal as well. All of the cracks, blood and pus was gone too. The champagne glass shards were still missing.
Thanos rests his chin on his bare fist, thinking intently. If he was going to defeat Slenderman, he would at least need the reality stone, and last he heard, it was on Knowhere with the collector. He types in the coordinates into the ship's system and leans back in his throne-like seat. Soon, the whole universe will be balanced...
too much chemistry to keep on denying it. They're gone for the other, they just don't know how to show it."
Alrighty, first off, Stevie boy found his long lost war buddy! Although he was trying to kill him and we had to search for him for over a year after Steve got through to him. But all is well! Well, except for the part where Bucky keeps on looking at my man with that depressing longing in his gaze. He mostly keeps to himself, but Steve gets him to do group activities once in a while and he helps out with the battles. Tony's still trying to persuade the Winter Soldier to allow him to make him a new arm. The one he's get it fine and all, but Tony could make it so much better!
“Yeah, I think we get the idea,” Tony butts in.  His face is rueful for a moment, but it quickly transforms into a look of semi-incredulous grin.  Steve’s not entirely sure the same looks not plastered over his own face.
Steve, though he gets it.  He completely understands the three little word embedded within that unfortunate outburst, of his tiny answering smile is any indication.  “Language,” chides, though the words have no heat to them.
finds him out eventually - he resolves on speaking very quickly.  “I could very well possibly be dating Steve,” he blurts out.
“What was she even doing here?” Clint asks, his voice devoid of its usual humor.  Considering his previous experience with extraterrestrial entities, Steve can’t fault his frustration.
He starts talking almost without thinking about it.  “Your lungs feel like they're going to burst, not only from lack of oxygen but from the sheer force of holding in the carbon dioxide.  You desperately want to take a breath, but you know that the moment you do it’s all over.  Inhaling isn't going to do you any good.  But it’s habit, instinct, so as the seconds tick on your body compels you to move and grasp for one last bit of relief before you give up the ghost, and eventually you do.  But that just makes it worse.  The water rushes into your nostrils and to the back of your throat, and that’s when your gag reflex starts to kick in, but it’s too late; you’ve already opened the floodgates, and now there’s no empty space to push the water out.  All you can do is flail and desperately hope you reach the surface before your brain cells start dying from oxygen deprivation.  Near the end, your vision starts to white out, or maybe it’s black out, but there’s no goddam pearly glow like they tell you in all the stories.  It’s just a blur, but after a while you wonder if it might not be better to embrace it than to fight it.”
“So Cap,” he says, his voice equal parts teasing and seduction, “now that I’ve seen your face, how do you feel about me seeing the rest of you?
He’s very much regretting his invitation when later that night Natasha turns up to the media room without Iron Man. To be honest, he’d half expected her to blow off his invitation; never in his wildest dreams did he thinks she’d show up without an intermediary.
JARVIS neglects to add his usual snark, but the viewing screen appears in its usual place in front of the sofa.  Steve can see the poster from whatever movie’s next on the list, but he honestly couldn’t care less.  He’s far too concerned with the man sitting next to him.
Tasha snorts. “Story of my life. That morning you found me…I’d wrapped up things in California earlier than usual and just wanted to come home. It was late when I got back, I was tired, and I crashed on the wrong floor.” She shrugs and offers up a humorless smile. “Just think, if I wasn’t a stomach sleeper, this all could have been over a lot sooner.”
“So am I,” Stark replies.  He gestures to the wide expanse of his lab.  “Look, if you haven’t noticed, I’m a bit busy here.  I’ve got about six different projects going at once, and SHIELD is way down on the list of nonessentials.”
Tony lets out a huffing noise that’s somewhere between laughter and exasperation.  “Yeah.  Yeah, an alien invasion makes you realize all sorts of unexpected things.”  He throws a pointed look at Steve, and Steve just can’t help but wonder what thoughts are hiding behind Tony’s inscrutable brown eyes.
To be fair, his love life’s been predominantly theoretical up to this point, albeit not by choice.  Before the serum, he didn’t exactly have people lining up around the street to date him, and afterwards the shield and mask had served as their own deterrents.  Call him old fashioned, but he kind of found it hard to establish an emotional connection with someone when you couldn’t even tell them your name.  Granted, it was endlessly frustrating having a body that people were finally willing to take a second look at but being unable to do anything about it, but he handled it.  When things got too bad, he just threw his shield around a little harder than was strictly necessary.
Tony’s responding laugh is somewhere between hysteria and joy.  Little does Steve know, he could have had him anytime, anyplace for the past decade.  They’re both idiots.  Rather than dignify his ludicrous statement with a response, he moves in to start kissing Steve but finds himself leaning forward more than should be possible.
Steve moves to occupy the appointed seat, and Fury crosses back to his own chair. The two men stare at one another for a moment, eyes sizing each other up before the SHIELD director breaks the silence.
He owes his friend an answer, but he has no idea what to say. “It’s complicated, he insists. “She seems…” he struggles for a word to express his feelings, but none seem adequate. “Nice,” he concludes lamely.
“Oh, but it is.  Ask anyone on the streets of New York, and they’ll tell you.  Stark flirts with cover models and redeems his soul by paying for weaponized flying armor.  Iron Man saved Manhattan.”
“Great,” he says, smiling brightly.  “In that case, I’ll see you later tonight!” He turns, leaving the room before he did something crazy, like start gushing to Steve about how amazing he was.  Nothing good ever comes of his mindless babbling.
And if she spends a bit longer than she should staring at Tasha’s clover selfie, that’s nobody’s business but her own.
Tony shot up and walked over to a semi-hidden bookcase. He pulled out a folder and walked back over to Steve.
“Yeah well, shouldn’t really be sleeping right now anyway. The movie took up 2 hours of my oh so precious time and I should really get back to it.”
He refused to call it a crush, but it was just a stupid crush. There was no way that Steve felt the same way. Therefore, his feelings didn’t mean anything, and there was no way he was going to do something stupid like ruin one of the best friendships he had ever had by not being able to control his feelings.
The concern on Steve’s face would have been touching if that feeling didn’t scare the hell out of him.
It was obviously run down in a way that made it seem like no one had been in it for a while. There was ivy climbing up the sides of the walls, and pieces of the stairs had fallen away with rot. The front door looked to be covered in spider webs, and the porch in an unknown number of bugs.
It was a soft kiss, no real heat behind it, and over too soon, but it was one of the best kisses Tony had ever experienced. His whole body felt the vibrations of two souls meant to be, finally coming together. The tingles that he felt in his soulmark spread, and felt so warm and right.
Tony felt the tingle again as Steve moved his arm to the backrest and around Tony’s shoulder. Tony wanted nothing more than to turn and face Steve, pull his face in close, and kiss him like his life depended on it, but that was all a fantasy. Not something that would ever happen.
That plan backfired as soon as they stepped into the media room. There weren’t many of them, but they took up a lot of space. While Tony himself thought the bigger the better, he knew that not everyone felt that way and he wanted everyone to feel comfortable. He designed the room so it felt as much like a family room as it could, while still being on a top floor of a billion dollar tower. Half of the large L shaped couch was being taken over by Thor, while the other half was being occupied by Sam. Bruce was curled up in one of the armchairs while Clint was flat on his back on one of the loveseats.
He was tired, but he knew that if he tried to sleep, it would evade him. He was hungry, but there was not a single food in the world that he wanted.
“Capsicle, I told you. I am fine, and I promise to tell you if that changes” Tony knew he was lying and Steve most likely did too, but the sentiment was there.
“Tony! My bro, where ya been? Come sit with us!” Clint practically yelled, too loud for any time of day.
“And I would like to remind you that I do in fact own a fortune 500 company that I must attend to in order to make the money that we all need. So when I say I have things to do, I have things to do. So you can just back off when I tell you I’m busy!”
With a sigh, Tony stopped resisting and let himself be pulled out of the lab. The thought of disappointing Steve made him feel so unsettled, and if that meant he had to go and sit through a movie with him, Tony would do it. Besides, it was just a movie. Very little talking involved and he could sit far away from Steve to make it even easier.
“When is the last time that you slept?” Steve’s eyes started taking in Tony’s face, which he knew probably looked exhausted.
Once in the elevator, Steve asked Jarvis to take them to his floor. Tony didn’t understand what was happening, but honestly, at this point, it didn’t matter. Tony could sleep standing up, and the thought of not being on his empty floor, alone, sounded excellent.
“Well, I’ve been thinking about this moment forever, and I’m going to make sure that it’s perfect.” The mood Tony tried to lighten came slamming back down around them.
Steve’s eyes softened as he put down the wood by the fireplace and walked towards Tony, putting his hand on Tony’s neck.
“But I guess I figured that the most amazing genius and the world's best captain had something in common. The universe couldn’t keep that awesome apart, know could it? That would go against the laws of everything good.” Tony had a joking tone to his voice, but Steve knew that words were sincere.
Tony had no idea how much time had passed when you felt the sway of Steve’s walking stop and Steve’s voice prying his eyes open.
Tony was going to hope for the best; the team was able to finish the battle without any injuries. After that, they would help with any cleanup and then debrief. By that point, the snow would have been coming down too heavily to be practical to fly in. They would most likely wait until morning when it wasn’t pitch black outside.
“Sure, capiscle. As long as I get to sit down, I’m good.” As much as being alone with Steve was hard for him, he couldn’t deny his curiosity.
“I’m fine, Captain Worrywart. I’ve had worse,” and he wasn’t lying. As much as he was confused and sore, this wasn’t nearly close to other experiences he had been through in his life.
Tony watched as Steve started a fire while he gave in to his body’s needs and laid his head down on the scratchy pillow. He was sure that he was going to be able to stay awake, but then again, he thought that when Steve had been carrying him outside. Suddenly, Tony felt a hand run through his hair and realized that Steve had walked over to him. The hand was so lovely, and Tony knew that Steve was doing it on purpose.
“I’m always watching you, Tony.” There was a heat behind the words that made Tony’s stomach do a flip. Tony refused to read into that.
“I think I spend just enough time with you, if not too little. Now stop picking and eat your food, sweetheart. You don’t like it when it’s cold.” Steve looked away briefly to place the food bag on the ground, and he missed the look on Tony’s face.
“Yes, you are right in assuming.” The small smile spilled as quickly off his face as it had appeared.
Steve pulled the bench away from the keys and sat down. He sat his hand on top of the keys and hit foot over the pedal, and began to play.
He got out of the shower and towelled off. He quickly moved into the bedroom and over to the drawers. He grabbed a pair of underwear and one of Steve’s softest t-shirts. He would never admit wearing Steve’s clothes made him feel safe but if he thought it, that was a different story.
Just as he was trying to remember, a voice cut through the fog, trying to shake him out of his dream-like state.
“Tony, I will always worry about you and that is not gonna change. I will worry less when you stop being so reckless. You’re one of the most important people in the world to me and I just want you to be safe. Now let me take care of you and let me go get the doctor.” Steve pulled his hand out Tony's and walked out of the room.
The position put too much pressure on the ribs, and the walking was just going to make it worse. Tony figured he would bite his lip and tough out the pain, but Steve… Steve knew that something was wrong, even without Tony saying anything. Steve took Tony off his back and turned around. Before Tony could say anything, Steve scooped him up into his arms. One arm under his knees and one was supporting his back.  The blush that Tony worked to fight down came back full force.
He was flushed and breathing more deeply than he usually did, considering that he could run for several miles at a time and not even break a sweat. He also looked like he was using every bit of restraint to stop himself from kissing Tony again.
Steve’s lips were soft, like surprisingly soft. They matched up with his in a way that shifted the earth beneath Tony’s feet. It wasn’t frantic or full of untamed passion, but slow and with purpose. They had stopped moving at this point and were just standing on the floor, slightly in the way of the other couples trying to dance. Tony desperately wanted more, he wanted to feel whatever the captain was willing to give him, but he had some sense left in him. He pulled away from the kiss, only enough so that he could take in Steve’s face.
“Hello to you too Nat. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Tony tried to play off the slight jumpscare casually.
Tony looked up at Steve and didn’t see anything that indicated that he was upset. There was a slight smile on his lips and a softness behind his eyes. Tony had to look away before he started to blush.
Steve gave a good laugh, a full-bodied one, walking quickly to keep up with Tony. They made it out to a back hallway behind the main ballroom, no one in sight. Steve proceeded to tug on Tony’s hand, pulling their bodies back together.
“Tony! Oh my God, you’re finally awake. How are you feeling? What can I do? Let me go get a doctor!” Steve moved to rush out of the room.
As he was contemplating moving to stand, he realized that Steve wasn’t in the cabin. That got Tony out of bed faster than he thought he could, up and looking, pointedly ignoring any pain that he felt. He had to find Steve, what if he had gotten hurt when Tony was sleeping? What if Tony couldn’t find him?
He awoke abruptly, early the next morning to the sound of the Avengers alarm. He thought that this battle was going to be like any other, but fate continued with it's own plans.
“You should too, Mr. Hypocrite. You’ve been in action mode all day,” Tony said, lifting himself up to see Steve better.
“I’ve missed you, Shellhead. I know you’ve been real' busy lately with important things, but I’m not gonna say I don’t miss being around you”, Steve whispered as to not disturb the others.
Steve ran his hand along the top of the piano, admiring the shine and quality of it. He went to lift the lid off of the keys and was happy to find that it wasn’t locked. He pressed down on middle C, listening to the resonances of the note. It sounded as if the piano had hardly been used, which doesn’t surprise him. Tony doesn’t strike him as the type to have enough time to sit down and break in a piano.
They made their way to the middle of the dance floor, and Steve dropped his hand to Tony’s waist, forcing Tony to put his hand on Steve’s shoulder. They started to move slowly to the string quartet that was playing. It felt like their bodies were made for each other, the way that they fit together. The pressure of Steve’s hand on his hip was welcome, as Tony felt like he could melt at any moment.
Tony realized right then, that he probably would never be able stop his emotions again, not when it came to Steve. If Tony couldn’t hide his emotion, hiding himself would just have to do, no matter how much it hurt. Hardening his gaze as best he could, Tony brushed Steve’s hand off and turned to face him.
Steve pulled back, just breathing. He sat back down next to Tony and gathered him in a hug, tucking Tony’s head under his chin.
“How am I? Tony, you’re the one that was knocked out after being shot out of the sky! I’d be a lot better if I knew if you’re injured.” Steve proceeded to run his hand up and down Tony’s arms and ribs, feeling for any breaks.
“Uh- yes. Y-yeah. I’m good. All good here. I just- uh remembered I have to go. Gotta do something for Pepper.” Tony put the coffee pot and the mug down as fast as he could and darted out of the room.
Making their way onto Steve’s floor, he was lead into the living room and push down on the large L-shaped couch. Steve plopped down right next to him, thighs touching and his arm resting behind Tony’s head.
Tony’s body felt sore, not in a hungover way; it was a whole-body ache. Like he had been hit by something big. Had he been hit by something big? He couldn’t remember, and his brain was so foggy. He was also cold, which didn’t make sense. The Iron Man suit kept him warm, but he wasn't wearing it. Why wasn’t he wearing it?
He quickly hopped in the shower, trying to wash away the stress of work and the uneasy feeling that had been following him. He wanted to stay in the shower longer, help his muscles to relax but he was so tired he could barely keep his eyes open.
“I’m ok. I mean, I feel like I was shot out of the sky, but what can you do? I can walk, and we need to find somewhere safe. It's cold, and those clouds look like it's gonna snow.” Tony moved to stand up, wobbling on his feet as he did.
It was a normal day like any other. Tony came into the kitchen blurry eyed and in the search for coffee. Steve and Clint were sitting around the island, quietly talking to each other. At least, it was quiet until Tony entered the room.
“Tony, you know if there is anything that you need to talk about, you can tell me? You’re one of my best friends and I can tell when something is going on. You can’t hide it from me.” Tony felt a hand reach out and touch his shoulder. He kept his body turned, willing his heart to stop racing.
As Steve wandered into the penthouse, he realized that he had never really looked around before. The few times he had been there, he had been… preoccupied or something of the sort. So he decided to take his time before making his way to Tony.
“It’s movie night”, Natasha said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Movie night, of course. How could he forget? The whole team gathered around, joking and laughing. Trying to explain plot points to Thor and Steve-
When Steve pulled away and was able to take a deep breath, he remembered why he had come to the penthouse in the first place.
“Yeah, blueberries are good. Thanks, Cap,” Tony spoke while reaching for the bag Steve was offering.
“Where did you learn to dance? Not much time from being a soldier, to being an ice-pop, to avenging.” Tony questioned.
“I know my limits! I just choose to ignore them, but we aren’t talking about that. As you said, we have nothing to do.” Tony moved over on the bed, silently inviting Steve to come to lay down.
“Sweetheart, this isn’t something I’m doing on a whim. I fell for you hard a while back now, and it would be real’ nice to know if you felt the same way.” Steve bit his lip, and his eye shone with what looked like hope.
At this point in the story, Steve is looking down at their intertwined hands. His voice is shaky and Tony can tell he is tired, if the bags under his eyes are anything to go by. Tony squeezes his hand and he looks up. Steve looks like he is about 10 seconds from breaking down.
As the fire grew in size, Tony was able to see more of the cabin and out the window. The snow had started to come down quite heavily, and the wind was whipping it past them. It was moving so fast that Tony couldn’t see more than maybe 15 feet out of the window. The snow on the ground was probably 3 feet high.
There were two seats available, an empty armchair and a spot on the other loveseat next to Steve. When Tony looked over to the empty spot and then back up at Steve, he noticed a warm inviting smile and a slight head tilt as he moved a pillow to make room. It was his regular spot, nothing strange about it. However, with everything that had come to light, the spot felt daunting. No way that was going to work, so he started making his way over to the chair, pointedly ignoring the look in Steve’s eyes.
Tony closed his eyes and let himself drift, feeling the warmth of the body pressed against him. He soon fell back asleep before he knew it. The next time he woke, it was to the sound of shushing and muffled movement. He pried his eyes open to look around for the noises. He caught the tail end of his team silently making their way out of the room and he vaguely wondered why they were trying to be so quiet.
Inside the box was a pair of what looked to be old birthday cards and other photos. It looked like some from Tony’s childhood and some more recent of the team. He can see that they all hold sentimental value, and Tony probably likes them close, in his home, and this floor is no longer his home. Home was with Steve.
“Jarvis called me and told me you were sick, so I cut out a little early,” Steve explained, moving to sit next to Tony and stroke his hair off his forehead.
“Doll, it’s ok. You can rest. I’ve got you.” Steve adjusted his grip so that Tony had no choice besides resting his head in the crook of Steve’s neck.
“Anything. Something that will make me continue to fall wildly in love with you.” Tony batted his eyelashes while Steve rolled his eyes.
Steve was busy walking around the room, pulling back tarps, and opening cupboards. He pulled out what looked like something freeze-dried and a book of matches. He left the food on the counter and walked over to the tiny fireplace Tony hadn’t noticed. There were a few pieces of firewood already in the fireplace and some next to it.
“Baby, are you alright? You sound a little worse for wear.” Tony could hear the concern creeping into Steve’s voice.
After the doctor left, the team came in to check how he was doing. Tony tried to keep the conversation light and avoided looking too deeply into the faces of his team mates. They all had thinly veiled looks of worry on their faces and it made Tony uncomfortable to think about people worrying about him.
“That sucks? Really, that’s what you’re going with? You scared the shit out of me- of us. I was right there, why didn’t you just let me do it? I would’ve been in and out, but no you had to go and end up in the hospital.” It wasn't often that Steve got upset like this, only with things he really cared about.
“I know I can’t, winghead.” Not daring to look into Steve’s eye, Tony knew this to be true. He couldn’t hide his emotions from Steve. He had lost that ability long ago.
“I’m sorry if I worried you, Tones. It’s just that the snow is getting real bad, and I had to get wood. I didn’t want you to get cold.” Steve’s hand slid down his arm and rested on Tony’s waist.
“I love you too.” Feeling safe and happy that Steve had come home for him, Tony fell asleep to the feeling of Steve running his finger through his hair.
“And I am going to cuddle you while you sleep because I just got you and I’m not about to let you go.” Tony felt butterflies in his stomach at Steve’s statement.
“Hopefully, it’ll keep you warm while we wait. Stay here; I’m gonna check that it’s safe.” Steve walked towards the front door, moving around to avoid any of the wood that had fallen away.
Oh. That was something new. Tony felt like a teenager, a giggle trying to break out of him, which he promptly shut down.  He let himself be pulled out onto the dance floor, not fully comprehending what was happening.
With his body acting on its own accord, he walked directly over to the offered spot and laid down. Steve pulled the blankets up over Tony’s shoulder and then one more blanket on top of that. Tony glanced over at Steve to see what he’s doing.
He couldn’t speak, so he just nodded slightly. Steve’s arm then tightened, and he pulled their bodies closer together. Tony tried to regulate his breathing, not wanting to alert Steve that their position caused him distress. However, Steve had a sixth sense when it came to knowing everything about Tony.
“Hey, Sweetheart. Jarvis said you made it home and I finally have a little down time so I thought I’d give you a call.” Steve’s cheerful voice normally made him smile but right now he didn’t have the energy.
It was dark out when he woke up again and this time he wasn’t cold. He was the opposite, boiling hot. He kicked the covers off and focused on slowing down his breathing. His muscles were so tense and sore that he didn’t move. The pounding in head had gotten so much worse and he didn’t even need to ask Jarvis to know that his temperature had gone up.
“Wait! Please don’t go. Stay, tell me what happened.” Tony reached for Steve's hand and Steve did not hesitate to grab it once again.
As the others left, Steve stayed with him. He had brought Tony some clothes to put on and helped him walk down the hallway of the hospital and out the front entrance. That had been a mistake. As soon as the doors slid open, cameras began to flash and reporters yelled questions at him. He just kept walking, putting more weight on Steve, feeling safer with the taller man at his side. He ignored all the questions being thrown out, until he heard one that didn’t sit well with him at all.
“Stevie, what are you doing home? I thought you said you would be home later.” Tony didn’t know what time it was but he knew that there was no way that many hours had passed.
“You have been avoiding me, and you aren’t even talking to anyone. I’ve seen you, shellhead. Sneaking around like you’re on some kind of mission,” Steve said playfully, moving to stand closer to Tony.
It hurt Tony to see Steve walk away but he knew it was for the best. The friendship that they had built meant so much to Tony, but now he couldn’t just have a friendship and that’s all Steve would want. So it was better to just have a clean break and save himself the hurt later.
He felt, more than heard, Tony’s muffled whisper of I love you into his chest, and Steve kisses the crown of his head.
Without a word, the elevator moved to the lab as Tony thought of all the things that he could do to distract himself for the night.
“Slow down, Capsicle, I’m good. No need to rush; we have a whole evening to enjoy.” Tony knew he should jump at the chance to go home, to get away from steve, but he also knew that he wasn’t ready to let this go.
Steve tilted Tony’s chin up so they were eye to eye, finally seeing each other for what felt like the first time.
Tony wished he was able to reach out and pull Steve back. That he could rest his head on Steve's shoulder and whisper the truth to him. Say, Hi Steve Rogers, I’m your soulmate, but life isn’t always simple. Tony had to learn that the hard way. No, not a lot in Tony’s life had been simple, and he really had no idea why he thought meeting his soulmate would be.
Tony slowly opened his eyes and waited for them to focus. The blurry shape started to become clearer the more that he blinked.
When he plays the last chord written on the sheet music, Steve looks over at Tony. He finds Tony sitting quite still, eyes closed, with a small smile gracing his face and a single tear rolling down his cheek. They sit in silence for a few moments, neither one wanting to break the magic that has been created. However, after a while, Tony clears his throat.
"Oh Sugar, don’t make that noise, you’re not making it easy, but like I said, you need to rest. We got all the time in the world. Just let me hold you tonight.” Steve tucked Tony’s chin into his neck and ran his hand down his back.
Instead of lightening the mood, it stiffed to something a little darker, more intense. It felt like Steve’s eye was drilling into him, and the air between them was electric.
As the movie’s first scene starts to play, Tony finds himself settling in next to Steve. He could feel the heat of Steve along his side, and the comfort of having another person so close to him was doing wonders for calming his mind. With the people’s soft sounds on the screen talking and the warmth rolling off Steve, Tony soon found that his eyes were struggling to stay open. Each time he blinked, it was a struggle to remember to open them.
“I can walk! I’m a strong independent Iron Man.” Tony heard Steve huff slightly in what sounded like an attempt to stifle a laugh.
When Tony was young, M.I.T young, he would fall asleep in the library or on Rhodey’s room floor. It was also the start of working so long in the lab that he would pass out in front of whatever project he was working on at the time.
The music switched to something a little more uptempo, and their dance picked up. Together, Tony and Steve moved across the floor in a way that might make anyone watching think that they had done this a thousand times before. Steve lead the dance cooly and calmly with all the grace of a well-made man.
“Tony Stark, do not antagonize him. He will wake the whole tower with his screaming.” Steve laughed light-heartedly. He turned toward Tony and the smile slid off his face.
The softness was still there, but there was a touch of concern. Steve’s face was always so open and raw with emotion, never feeling the need to hide what he was thinking - at least not around the people he cared for the most.
When Steve would ask to come and sit with him in the lab, Tony would come up with some sort of excuse like he was leaving soon or working on something too temperamental for people to be around right now. He would watch the video playback of Steve at the door of the lab. He could see him take a deep breath and his shoulders hunch. He would always walk away with no complaints, but he would always stop, turn back and look at the entrance before turning and continuing to walk away.
Tony knew that galas were essential to the company. Tony knew that it was vital that he threw them and that he was there, but that didn’t mean that he had to like it.
“Yeah, and I’m sorry. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, but being around you was taking a toll on me.”
“What are you doing up? I was hoping you would sleep a little bit longer, that I would be inside by then. Your body needs more rest. And you shouldn’t be out here. It’s freezing,” Steve said, moving Tony back inside and then kicking the door closed.
Steve was back-lit from where he was standing, the fire creating a ring of light that surrounded him. He didn’t look like he had been in a plane crash or carried a grown man through the woods. He stripped off his uniform, just wearing the pants, a t-shirt, and a plaid jacket that Tony assumed Steve had found somewhere in the cabin.
“Hey Cap, is this seat taken?” Tony made sure to keep his voice friendly and light, not giving in to his emotions.
They drew each other in, twisting together like two polyphonic lines of music that form the most beautiful harmony when joined together.
Tony swung the door to the cabin open, only to see Steve standing on the porch outside with an armful of wood. His eyes shot over to Tony and were immediately full of worry and a little bit of guilt. He moved quickly over to the doorway, eyes scanning over Tony.
Steve helped him back to the bedroom and lifted him into the bed. Tony looked over at Steve and saw him gathering supplies from the bedside table. He must have gotten home while Tony was still asleep and put together all the things he would need. He walked over with a glass of water and some ibuprofen.
Tony knew he should protest and shouldn’t feel the way he did, so safe and protected, but his brain fought against him with every passing moment. In this position, Tony could believe that nothing was going to hurt him. Steve was a barrier between him and the rest of the world.
“Oh, don’t tell me that you forgot. No wait, I’m not surprised with how distant you’ve been lately. Come on, we are going upstairs.” She grabbed his arm and proceeded to drag him out of the lab.
The more time went, the less Steve came around. The sting was there but Tony knew it was a good thing. He thought that maybe he’d get through this with the team and his pride intact, but fate had other plans for him, in the form of movie night.
He looked good, rough, and burly but also like he would be soft for the people that he loved. Tony wanted to be the people that Steve loved.
They made their way up to Steve’s floor, the silence still being carried over from the car. Steve offered his support to Tony as they walked, and led him to the couch in his living room to sit down, then sat down next to him.
“Blueberries, right? I know that they are your favorite, and I knew you would be happy when I found them.” Steve genuinely looked pleased that he could provide this for Tony.
And the reason was just across the dance floor from him, laughing and smiling as he dazzled the room. Stand there, tall and blonde, taunting Tony by looking so suave in his dark blue tux. Tony wanted nothing more than to walk over, grab his hand, and kiss him senseless, but he did have a modicum of self-control. Even though, with every passing moment, it was getting harder and harder to be in the same room with him.
“Sorry about that. You know how reporters can be, and I hope you know that I would never blame you for my antics.”
“Close your eyes, doll. It’s ok.” Tony heard and then felt a gentle hand rest on his head and nudge it to rest on Steve’s chest, just below the shoulder. The hand slowly made its way down his neck and resting on his arm, rubbing up and down it. The movement was soothing that Tony didn’t even question the position he had found himself in, just letting himself be in the moment.
“Right, okay, that’s good. So things are looking good, like we might get out of there with no casualties and not too much infrastructure damage, when piledriver knocks down a support beam to a building. There had been civilians trapped inside and I was making my way over to them when you darted in to get them. You were able to get them out in time but the building fell on you.”
As he really did have nothing to do, Tony headed to bed. Hoping that a fresh day would clear his head of any of his lingering thoughts, he laid down and closed his eyes. Instead of relaxing, his mind raced, thinking about all the things he wished he could say. Eventually, he was able to drop off into a fitful sleep.
Just as he was about to shut everything down, he heard the door to the lab open and footsteps shuffle towards him. Tony turned to the sound and saw Steve walking toward him with a brown paper bag that smelled suspiciously like fast food.
He set them down and then picked what looked like the softest one and wrapped it around Tony’s shoulders. He draped it so carefully, and his hand lingered on the side of Tony’s neck, thumb subtly rubbing his cool skin.
“You- ah. You weren’t here. I was w-worried.” Tony wanted to say the stuttering in his words was because of the blistering cold winds that had blown through the door, but he knew that wasn’t it
Steve had volunteered to come with Tony to the gala, even though it had nothing to do with the avengers. He had stated ‘I know how much you dislike them, Tony, I just want to make it easier for you.’ He gave Tony the puppy dog eyes that he just couldn’t say no to, and now he was here. He had spent the evening trying to avoid Steve, dodging him when he could, hiding in dark corners and along walls.
“Alright, well, finish eating, and then you’re are getting some rest.” Steve moved to start cleaning up the food wrappers while Tony finished off the fries.
“Too long, considering I don’t remember. More than 48 hours, I think,” and as he spoke, Tony started to feel how tired his body was. “My brain won’t shut down, so that’s fun.”
“Wow, the colour is even better than I could’ve imagined.” Steve looked at the mark with an intensity that Tony couldn’t put into words.
“How long have you known?” Tony tried to pull back at that, going to deny it, but Steve’s arms tightened, keeping him where he was.
At one point, he must have drifted off and woken himself back up because he had no idea what was happening on the screen. As his head lolled to the side, he tried his hardest to concentrate on the words the actors were saying.
They settled in, and the silence that enveloped them lasted for what felt like an eternity before Steve rolled onto his side to face Tony. Tony had already been turned slightly away from Steve, so they ended up spooning slightly. Tony felt more than saw Steve’s arm move and settle tentatively around Tony’s waist.
Tony briefly thought about lying about how long he had been awake. That he was fine, and Steve had no reason to worry. He then quickly decide that it was not a good idea. Steve had what Tony affectional referred to as ‘billionaire bullshit detector.’ Steve could always tell when he was lying, and Jarvis was eager to sell him out when Steve asked. If tony was willing to be honest with himself, he didn’t like the look on Steve’s face when he found out that he hadn’t been taking care of himself at an adequate level. It was an exasperated sad kind of look, and Tony was not mentally capable of dealing with today.
“Alright, if you’re sure.” There was a sincerity in his tone that made Tony’s heart beat a little fast.
As he was making his way over, he felt a figure breeze pass him. Natasha gracefully sat down and made a point of looking him in the eye as if she was asking him to challenge her. He tried not to audibly sigh as he started to move toward Steve and the empty spot. He tried not to notice the way Steve perked up a little as Tony walked in front of him.
With nothing but the sounds of medical equipment around him, Tony was alone with his thoughts. He didn’t know he was that important to Steve. He knew they were friends, but he had no idea Steve thought that about him. I mean sure, Tony felt that way about Steve, even before he knew they were soulmates, but Steve had no reason to feel that way about him.
“Yeah, that could work for me.” Tony couldn’t say no to Steve at this point, even if he wanted to. A smile lit up Steve’s face.
Tony doesn’t get an answer so much as he got a sputter.  Apparently, his casual, definitely platonic dinner invitation was cause for a massive choking fit and desperate gasps for air.   He tries to keep the smile pasted on his face, not wanting to let Steve see just how much he was invested in his response, but he can feel his grin dropping after a good five seconds of coughing.
“No, I mean the man.  Who was that?  Is someone watching us?”  His eyes dart around the room, lingering on the corners for cameras.
His chest starts seizing when the ship goes vertical.  They’re just characters in a movie, he knows that, but mentally he’s screaming for them to jump.  Jump, clear the wreckage as quickly as possible, and whatever you do, don’t stop moving.  Don’t let the frigid temperature of the water slow your movements, or the ice will creep inside your veins and pull you down to where it’s cold and deep and dark...
team, but Thor’s been a no show since he took his brother back to Asgard, Bruce is off in parts unknown, and Iron Man...he honestly has no idea how to get in touch with whoever wears the Iron Man suit.  He assumes they’re somewhere in New York – they’d have to be to respond promptly when Tony’s in need of assistance – but there’s absolutely no way of finding out their identity without going through Tony, and that would just seem like a breach of trust.  Plus, there’s not really a good reason why Steve Rogers, Agent of Shield, would be concerning himself with the Avengers’ tactical maneuvers.  It raises questions, and Tony’s smart enough to connect the dots if Steve gives him the material to work with.
is making its way towards them.  He’s not quite sure what it is – it looks like something straight out of the science fiction novels he read as a kid – but it has to be some kind of robot.  A metal pincer is mounted atop a Z-shaped frame, which looks like it can expand and contract to change the robot’s height.  It proceeds toward them on wheels, making an odd series of beeps and whistles.
“Top floor please, JARVIS.”  The elevator swiftly transitions upward without any of JARVIS’ usual commentary, and it only takes a couple of moments for the doors to open on the penthouse suite.
Tony laughs.  “This better not become a thing.  One more damn alien tries to cock-block me, and I swear to God – ”
“No,” he replies, “I’m new.”  He looks slightly confused, as if he expects Tony to know more of what’s going on.  “My name is Steve,” he says, “Steve Rogers.”
“I can see that.  It’s just, you’re usually off to liaise by this time in the afternoon.  Something up with Stark?”
team after all, even if Tony doesn’t know it.  He is glad that the habitual sarcasm is back in Tony’s voice, though.”  “They did fine.  At least, they were able to hold things off until..."
Steve’s not familiar with that colloquialism, but whatever it is, it doesn’t sound good.  “What does that mean?” he asks Clint, secretly knowing he’s not going to like the answer.  His assumption is confirmed when Clint suddenly looks sheepish.
The abrupt tangent takes some of the wind out of her sails, and she plops down against his very dusty couch. She clenches her jaw for a moment and then speaks softly. “Come home.”
“God, Tony, no!  No, I just…  I just wanted one good thing in my life,” he places the exceedingly useless glass back on the bar where it belongs, which frees up his hands to reach for Tony’s face.  He places just enough pressure on Tony’s jaw line to hold his face in place, meeting his eyes and hoping to convey just how serious he is.  “Turns out,” he continues, “that’s you.”
He still can’t help but find the request a little out of the blue, but when has Tony Stark ever been normal?
“Steve, I am a pioneer in green energy.  SI runs one of the most prominent lithium ion recycling programs, and we’ve spearheaded several initiatives to cut carbon emissions.  I think I’ve earned this.”
Since then, they've managed a somewhat friendlier relationship.  Phil was still on half-duty, but their few interactions had been more like two colleagues with mutual respect rather than one persona idolizing the other.  Fighting alien gods is a pretty leveling experience, he supposes.
that sound good but ultimately ring hollow.  In his experience, anything that sounds too good to be true usually is.
There it is.  That’s the bait.  Now all that’s left to do is for Steve to pick it up and they can talk feelings and shit.
Steph.  You are a penguin.  Pen-guin,” she stresses, armored finger bumping against Steph’s chainmail with each syllable.  “And I, for one, refuse to scrape your star-spangled carcass off the streets of New York City.   I am a superhero, Stephanie, not a janitor, do you understand me?  And I’m not a taxi service, either, so you can get that through your thick cowl, and I’d appreciate it if you—”
It’s a business trip, because somehow Ireland offers some stellar tax breaks that require Tasha to sign some very official documents in person.  It should only take the weekend, but it’s more time than Steph has had to herself in a really long time.  New York is also being unnaturally cooperative for once, which is really just…inconvenient.  The criminals really need to refine their timetables.
Steph wants to object — she really, really does — but deep in her gut she knows there’s truth in what Tasha’s saying.  For each hour the spend fighting, she knows there are a hundred more hours that people spend in boardrooms arguing about what they’ve done, questioning their decisions, and talking really loudly about the way
It’s the same shpiel that she gave him before, back when he still thought she was two discrete people. His response is still the same. Things
It seemed pointless to deny it after that; actually, it was somewhat of a relief to have someone know about his double life.  They quickly settled into a pattern of sorts, where they’d meet once or twice a week to practice maneuvers they’d most likely see in battle.  Natasha got plenty of practice being propelled off of his shield, and Steve learned how to block a few of her most common kicks.  Only a few, though.  He doubts he’ll ever be able to best her entirely without relying on his enhanced reflexes.
Apparently, Steve has been missing the most engaging parts of Tony’s creative process.  The miniaturized arc reactor or whatever it is Tony has been working on is a small, delicate project that requires the finest of tools and the most exact movements.  That’s all well and good.  But all of that time watching Tony do precision work means he’s missed out on Tony in full on blacksmith mode, which...damn.
“I know.”  Steve nods quickly, happy that he and Tony are at last speaking the same language.  “Things like this really make you stop and think.”
“So we can finally get rid of that monstrosity?” he asks and extends one finger accusatorily toward the flip phone resting on the corner of the desk.  It had hurt him to let the thing rest in his lab overnight, but he didn’t want Steve falling back on bad habits.  He’d agreed to hang onto the relic just in case Steve showed remarkably poor judgment and rejected his tech, but he’s thoroughly looking forward to the flip phone’s ultimate destruction.
Apparently, he’s stayed silent a bit too long, because Steve feels the need to start speaking.  “Tony?” he asks softly, and he places his hand on Tony’s, which is still resting on Steve’s thigh.
Tasha sighs again, although now she just looks disappointed.  “Whatever floats your boat, Cap.  Offer stands, though.  You can serve as my plus one anytime.”
“Isn’t Disney an animation company?”  Steve still looks perplexed, but overall he’s taking the information overload rather well.
“Yup, that’s Hitchcock for you.  So what’s next on the agenda?”  Tony waves his hand, and his Steve’s movie list appears on one of the floating projections in front of him.  So far, there seems to be no rhyme or reason to the movies Tony’s chosen, but he definitely feels more in tune with people now that he can understand the subtext of what they’re saying. He’d actually laughed at Clint’s heavily accented
When her voice finally comes through a few seconds later, it’s carefully measured and lacking in inflection.  “There were concerns that exposing you to the new world too quickly would be too much to handle.  People didn’t want this century to overwhelm you.”
“Being smart isn’t the same thing as being right,” he answers, frowning. He’s known plenty of people throughout the years with plenty of formal knowledge but not a lick of common sense.
That’s why he’s so excited that Fury’s asked for a meeting. After nearly two months of waiting, maybe the director has finally decided how to add him to the SHIELD duty roster. Honestly, he’ll do anything at this point. He doesn’t care if he spends most of his life bouncing back and forth between two identities.  So long as he has a purpose again, it’s a sacrifice he’s willing to make.
Tony’s immediate response is to snap back with something sarcastic and clever, as he usually does in these situations, but he looks at Steve’s open eyes and then follows his eye line to where their hands are tethered by the headphones, and he just can’t do it.
is what they’ve been missing all along and have subliminally been building to all of this time.  Tony tastes like scotch and someone undercurrent that distinctly
They step off the building in sync with one another, dipping for a moment under their combined weight.  And then they soar.
JARVIS is silent for a disturbingly long time, leaving only the faint hum of the machines for Steve to focus on.  He’s just about to tell JARVIS to forget the whole thing, when the AI starts speaking in a soft, measured tone.
Tony steps off of the elevator and heads straight towards the bar, where he proceeds to pour out two glasses of an amber looking liquid.  Tumblers in hand, extends one to Steve and gestures towards the large, glass window, where all of New York is laid out below.
“If you’ve got a good enough memory for faces you can pick the actors the production company hires to play multiple characters. There’s this one actor who they must particularly like because he's played at least six different characters. Like, was no one else available? Could you not throw a rock outside the studio and hit another random actor?”
Fortunately, Thor seems like he is sticking around.  “I shall accompany you to your base camp.  If my brother’s actions have brought strife upon your realm, the least I can do is provide your leaders with the knowledge they require.”
"I really am sorry," he says, backing up and still desperate to apologize. “Look, we can sit down, or – or I can lead, if you want?"
But his problem child continues to be problematic, and Steve, damn him to the darkest pits of a technically bereft hell, is laughing under his breath.  Tony briefly considers running after Dum-E, but there’s something about chasing a cell-phone clutching robot around the lab that seems undignified.  He glares darkly at Dum-E’s retreating form and turns back to Steve, muttering “I know where he charges.”
“I don’t know what exactly he expects me to do. It’s not like I have a stellar track record for making friends in this century.”
Tasha brushes past him and into the unit. Despite the fact that he knows she’s injured, she gives no sign of it, her gate as steady as if she were conducting a strategy meeting or walking down a red carpet.
Steve doesn't bother to respond, but he mentally acknowledges that that’s the most compelling reason he's heard yet for learning to deal with those stupid tiny phone keyboards.
Yes, everyone in this city owes an unpayable debt to whoever’s in that armor.  What he did was unspeakably brave, and it takes a certain brand of courage to fly into the dark knowing you’ll never come out.  But heroes don’t operate in a vacuum.  More often than not, they just end up getting credit for what’s essentially a group effort.  In reality, they’re only as good as the people who keep them going.  So yes, Iron Man saved the city.  But you’re the one who made him fly.”
Steve is an amazing guy.  Not only is he some sort of cross between and Abercrombie and Fitch model and Adonis, but he’s just generally a good human being.  It was easy enough to feel physically attracted to the guy, but now that he knows Steve, holding back his feelings is just that much harder.  Because Steve is the guy who tilts his head when something confuses him.  He plays fetch with Dum-E and magically produces coffee when Tony needs a mid afternoon boost.  He sits on the couch and sketches while Tony babbles to himself about subatomic electromagnetic pulses.  Hell, Steve had convinced Tony to incorporate Elvis and the Four Seasons into his previously perfect queue of lab music!  Honestly, that right there should have tipped him off.
However, looking is pretty much as far as anything got.  His scrawny and continually ill pre-serum self was just as good as driving away guys as it did galls, and even if he’d wanted to pursue something after Project Rebirth, he couldn’t risk being blue ticketed out of the military.  It was safer just to appreciate from the sidelines and stay well acquainted with his right hand.
“I own the unit.” It tastes like an excuse as it leaves his mouth, and she’s quick to call him on it.
Except Steve has frozen up like he is one of those dumb statues.  The happy art-geek of a few minutes ago has disappeared and been replaced by someone rooted to the spot.  Just when he thinks he’s, you know,
The aloof group that he met nearly a year ago have been replaced with an array of exhausted looking people sprawled out over any available piece of furniture.  No one’s doing anything productive; instead, everybody seems committed to watching some sort of sitcom that’s projected on the far wall, munching on various snack foods, and generally lounging about.  Given everyone’s damp hair and the towel turban perched on top of Thor’s head, he imagines everyone is fresh from the showers.
If she had a comlink, she’s fairly sure Tasha would be cursing her out like nobody’s business.  As it is, she’s left to imagine what’s going on behind the red and gold mask.
Steve grips one of Tony’s forearms, not wanting to miss a single touch now that he finally has permission.  “How did you figure it out, anyway?  Did Iron Man clue you off?”
The image catches him off guard.  It’s Tony, but a much younger Tony than he’s ever seen.  The man in the picture can’t be older than 20, but he’s still got Tony’s signature smirk and cocky eyebrows.
“What about – ” Clint’s voice trails off, but his eyes travel up and down Steve’s frame, and it only takes a moment to guess what he’s asking.
“Well of course we’re close.  It’s my job to liaise with Stark Industries, since apparently there’s nothing better for me to do.”
“Um, I think we’re good for now.  We’ll keep that in reserve.”  He checks on an image and hits ‘Send.’
Okay, Tony can imagine quite a few things better than a substandard charity gala chocked full of political sycophants and bad food.  He’s personally fought several alien species that are more likeable than some members of the House Oversight Committee.  Yet in spite of everything, Steve seems to have enjoyed the evening – no, more than that – he
A vision of Natasha lying on her stomach flashes behind his eyes and Steve’s eyes instinctually drops down to where the faint light of the arc reactor shines through the material of her medical gown. “Does it hurt?”
When he doesn’t join in on the ribbing, she tones down the sarcasm. “Soooo…I owe you an explanation.”
Fury catches fingers tightening on the straps and raises one hand in what Bruce assumes to be a calming gesture.  “I promise, us being here at the same time is only a coincidence.  Your teammates just finished up a job, but they somehow neglected to check out with SHIELD before they called it quits.”
Steve steps in closer to take the headphones.  His hands settle on the headpiece, but he doesn’t move to take them just yet.
Natasha’s contribution quickly sets him straight.  “Whatever the hell that was just brought the rest of the statues to life, and they’re not friendly!”
It’s rare that Tony ever finds himself at a loss for words, but Agent Stalker has managed to get him there.  “What…How…Why would you…”  He paused, drew in a deep breath, and tried not to focus on the strong coffee smells now wafting from his shirt.  “No, Rogers, this is not a good time to talk.”
Nothing comes.  The room is unusually quiet except for the crinkle of the paper wrapping.  Steve grabs one of his own tacos and bites into it, desperately hoping that eating will somehow make the awkward silence less awkward.  What on earth could Iron Man have possibly said to make Tony this uneasy?
And just like that, he believes her.  Despite the fact that Steve has perfect muscles and some legitimate alien smashing abilities, if it came down to it, he’d probably place his money on Pepper.  The woman is brutal when it comes to defending things she cares about, and Tony counts himself fortunate enough to be considered one of those things.
“I will,” he answers. Not coming back was never really on his mind. “I just need time to come to grips with things.”
Tony, I do not need a play-by-play of your pettiness.  I get enough of that in person.  Please email me when you’ve made actual progress.
His friend’s uncharacteristic silence scares him. Steve takes a step forward, unsure of what he’ll do if his friend remains unresponsive when the suit staggers forward and emits a sound Steve’s never heard before. A slight whirring sound echoes in the room, the suit pulls apart, and, to Steve’s intense shock, Natasha herself steps out of the familiar red and gold armor.
The hardest thing about adjusting to this era – apart from losing everything and everyone he’s ever known – is figuring out precisely what to expect from this new world.  The future, as far as he can tell has developed along no discernable trajectory.  Flying jetpacks are apparently “not a thing,” but the US sent monkeys to space in the sixties.  Witches are mythical figures from the pages of fantasy novels, but yes, of course aliens are real.  It’s all very confusing.  Everyone at SHIELD had been very kind about correcting his mistakes or providing him with reading material about the decades he’d missed, but he still gets the impression that their advice is doled out with a mixture of pity and patronization.
It comes as a shock when he feels a slight pressure on the back of his knees; apparently, Tony’s enthusiasm has been driving them backwards this entire time, and they’ve slowly shuffled toward the bed.  So much for enhanced reflex and acute attention to the surrounding areas.  Evidently, all it takes is one kiss from Tony to throw all of his concentration out the window.  He can’t say he minds.
“JARVIS,” he asks again, “could you explain what a gif is, please?  Tony sent me something this afternoon – ” he begins to reach back into his pocket to grab his phone, but JARVIS’ voice stops him.”
“We’ve never had any problems creating our own monsters,” Natasha adds, her voice weighted down with experience that Steve doesn’t even know how to contemplate, although he’s very familiar with the concept of human-made monsters.
He has just enough time to turn and raise his shield before the bullet makes contact.  The ricochet of the bullet off of the vibranium feels eerily familiar, and he immediately bends his knees into a combat position.  Judging from the strength of the impact, the shooter is relatively close, but not so close that he’s in danger of immediate physical assault.  Risking a brief glance over the edge of the shield, he immediately sees the problem.  Across the water thirty yards away, the Central Park Pilgrim stands with his flintlock raised, the bronze barrel still smoking from a recently fired bullet.
It never comes.  Instead of hitting solid pavement, she feels her body being jolted upward, the sudden shift making her stomach sink like she’s on a roller coaster.  There’s a hard presence around her waist, and a familiar humming noise buzzes through her ears.  A flash of scarlet confirms what she already knows; by some miracle, Tasha’s shown up and, once again, is sparing her the pain of impact.
“You,” Tony barks as he turns, “do not get a say in this.  You come into my lab, break my windows, and corrupt my robots.  I don’t know why I put up with you.  And keep your grimy paws off of JARVIS!”
Absolutely.  Tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that. "I'd love to."  He grabs Steve’s hand and drags them inside; they can have their date tomorrow, but he’s not quite done with Steve tonight.
“I’m older than you.”  Except the way that he says it makes it sound like a question, and Steve knows that Tony is digging.  Little does the other man know just how wrong he is.
“A consequence of being brilliant is that you always think you’re right, and Stark has been the smartest person in the room since he was about eight years old.”
It’s about ten o’clock when JARVIS finally announces that Steve is entering the building, and it’s all Tony can do from demanding an explanation.  He keeps his cool, though, pointedly ignoring as Steve walks down the steps and approaches the lab.  Steve taps gingerly on the left side of the door – the one that he didn’t break into pieces – and Tony gives the appropriate command for the doors to open.
He tries to work out the logic of that backstory.  It’s far-fetched to be certain, but it’s so crazy that it just might work.  It would certainly account for the way cultural details pass right over his head.
“When you talk about Tony Stark, ‘building’ is almost never a metaphorical term.  The question is, what exactly is Stark building and why is it so important to him?”
That actually sounds remarkably close to what happened.  He keeps replaying their exchange over and over in his head, only in his fantasies, he manages to slip a word in edgewise.  Fake-Steve comes off a lot more sophisticated than they guy who sat stuttering in the Stark Tower offices while Tony Stark dismissed him in a couple dozen sentences.
“Sure, grandpa,” Natasha replies with a snort.  The conversation ends with a beep, and Steve moves to put his phone in his pocket when something catches his eye.
Rogers is exceptionally more mischievous than he thought, the little shit.  “Nope, I’m putting my foot down.  Dum-E, hand over the merchandise.”
Every instinct in his body is screaming for him to let go.  His limbs feel like they’ve been fired, damaged irreparably beyond the point of any further use, and the display screen swims before his eyes.  Ironically, or maybe just because body hates him, his joints are locked into place, incapable of any further movement and forced to hang on to the very thing that's giving them so much pain.
He can sense there’s something big that Steve’s not telling him, but he doesn’t want to send him spiraling back into the dark.  Instead of pushing, he offers Steve what the US military and Obie never gave him – a choice.
Their relationship isn’t flawless by any means; it never has been and transitioning into a more traditional partnership hasn’t magically fixed that. They’re both still headstrong and argumentative, and Steve admittedly gets a lot more emotional now that he can physically see the damage each fight takes on the person inside the suit. Still, Iron Man is who Natasha is in her core, and trying to alter that would be to destroy the person he fell in love with.
Steve tries to make the most of it. “He doesn’t try to blast rock music at an insane volume?” he asks.
“Good to have another scientist on the team.  Maybe we can get something about space out of Thor that doesn’t involve ravens, trees, or giants that asexually reproduce by sweating.”
“No,” Steve answers back, and the smile on his face suddenly makes Tony very nervous.  “I think I have a better idea.”  He swipes the phone off of the desk and focuses on a point directly behind Tony.  “Hi, Dum-E!”
“My hero!” he exclaims, before taking an enthusiastic gulp of his beverage.  Steve tries his best not to blush.
He almost doesn’t recognize her at first. The shorts and black hoodie getup she’s wearing is by far the most informal outfit he’s ever seen her wear. Both are smeared with some sort of grease, as are her face and hands, and her hair is pulled up in a lopsided bun that’s falling from its tie. It’s a far cry from the red carpet couture or press conference outfits he usually sees her in, but this suits her just as well. Dressed like this, it’s easier to believe that she’s the mind behind most of the Avengers’ technology rather than just its admittedly charming mouthpiece.
Steve can’t help but think that it must be nice to have the option, to hold that name in your mind and be able to whisper it in private moments. “Still, it seems so formal when you know his name.”
It takes Tony a moment to answer.  “A scrawny farm boy gets captured by pirates, but he somehow beats all odds and ends up leader of the fleet.  Years later, he comes back in disguise to reclaim his true love and right the wrongs of the kingdom.”  He smirks, a slightly manic glint in his eye.  “I just really like this movie.”  He burrows into the couch cushions, the left side of his body just barely touching Steve’s.  “Nothing like a little escapism to take your mind off the present.”
Tall, blonde, and handsome is the closest thing to a walking Disney prince that he’s ever seen.  Despite his frankly atrocious wardrobe choices – seriously, who wears Dockers on purpose – there’s no hiding that jawline or those fabulous baby blues.  The last time he’d felt this sort of instant pull was in 1981, when his rampant fascination with Harrison Ford running from boulders and punching Nazis clued him into the fact that he was probably sort of attracted to men too.
“Dum-E,” he warns, extending his hand.  “What did I just say?  Now!”  His voice apparently isn’t terrifying enough, because the bot turns suddenly and starts dashing across the room.  “Get back here you overgrown pair of tweezers!  That eyesore is not your personal toy!”
He waits a few moments before boarding the elevator, knowing that the moment he presses that button he’s committing to something he doesn’t know if he’s quite prepared for yet.  If something's attacking him, it’s easy enough to let the Other Guy do his thing, but committing to being a semi-permanent part of the Avengers is a whole other ball game with a staggering array of potential consequences.  No, it’s much easier to stand here among cars that easily cost more than his current worldly possessions than taking that final step.
“It gives you a reason for your lack of post-1940s pop-culture knowledge.” Natasha stops for a moment, leaning forward a bit. “As far as anyone knows, Steve Rogers was raised from a very young age by an exceedingly technophobic grandmother. This mythical grandmother loathed technology so much that she homeschooled you and forbid most electronics in her house – no television, no radio, no phone. She died when you were eighteen, and a technologically inexperienced Steve immediately joined the army, which wasn’t exactly concerned with improving your cultural education. You served two tours overseas, and have just transferred back to SHIELD’s New York office.  It’s only to be expected that you’re still unfamiliar with some facets of technology and pop culture.”
He follows Tony past the doorman, through the expanse of the lobby, and over to the familiar bay of elevators that he’s ridden a hundred times before.  It’s difficult to think that this may be the last time he’s ever welcomed into Tony’s domain.  He fully expects the elevator to glide downward, ready for that awkward jolt in his stomach and the momentary sensation of weightlessness, but, much to his surprise, Tony starts speaking.
“Oh, loads,” she answers. “If it’s not an indie film, I’m almost guaranteed to have attended a benefit with at least some of the cast. And there are entire sitcoms I can’t watch out of an intense loathing for some of the principals.” She takes a swing of one of Iron Man’s habitual protein shakes and rolls forward with this safe line of conversation. “It’s gotten better since I’ve moved to New York. Still, if you live in this city long enough, you’ll eventually get to play one of my favorite games.”
It seems as if he can’t last a minute without dredging something up something horrific from the past.  If he’s not bringing up Steve’s blighted happily ever after, he’s dipping into his incredibly deep pool of daddy issues.  Open mouth, insert foot.
Tony laughs at that, both at the un-Pepper-like profanity and at her sudden proclivity toward violence.  “Umm, I’m pretty sure he’s a scientifically enhanced super-soldier.”
“It’s almost midnight,” Steve insists, but he remains motionless for another thirty seconds. Then he tries again. “Sweetheart, I really have to go,” he insists.
“Ummm, pretty much the exact same thing?”  he snaps back.  “As far as I can tell, SHIELD flew Captain America and Co to Germany to intercept Loki, but Iron Man was the one who brought him in.  As far as New York goes, the Avengers took most of the hits, while Fury floated above the city like the world’s most useless helicopter parent.”
“We don’t know,” Maria responds over the line.  “Again, I want to stress that all of this information is very preliminary.  Reports for the fire department say it looks like the basement was some kind of makeshift lab, so it could be an enhanced human.  Alien or human, this thing’s powerful.”
“Rogers, eight weeks ago, you woke up from a seventy-year ice nap. Ten days later, you fought an alien army from outer space. Stuff like that would probably throw most men. Hell, I’m surprised you’re not curled up in a ball somewhere. So, I’ll ask you again. How are you doing?”
“Not to be another condescending asshole, but I feel you.  You come back from something like that, and everything seems unreal.  It’s like you’re living in an entirely different world from everyone else; it looks the same, but it operates under an entirely different set of rules that no one else can see.”
Holding his shield protectively in front of his chest, he steps out of the treeline and into the pathway.  Advancing slowly, he makes sure that he’s clearly within the hovering figure’s eyeline, but, surprisingly, she doesn’t turn.  He’s just about to make the first overture when she beats him to it.
Coulson could see the signs. He rarely ever saw them. That was why he never (almost never) let Clint get away with faking it.
Loki raised a shaky eyebrow and shrugged. "What? It was the most likely conclusion." He wriggles a bit, but Thor gets the idea and reluctantly lets him go. He's good enough to walk on his own.
"-ony! Tony!" Tony blinked and looked at the captain. His hair was mussed to the side and he was wearing Tony's boxers.
But before the arms could encase him in a ironclad embrace, a rather familiar shield slams into him, causing him to shoot out of the arms and heavy darkness.
Bruce walks up to the two slowly. "There's one more thing..." Tony looks up at him inquiringly. He takes off his glasses and looks down. "When we found you, we found strange... tattoo on your tongue."
Thanos, still wounded from the Jotun's surprise attack, jumped and whipped around just in tome to see a wretched half-dead thing crawl into view.
. You cannot drown yourself in alcoholic beverages in order to get rid of the pain. You are destroying yourself and I will not stand for it." He straightens his black sweater as he straightens his stance in front of the upset genius. "Now, I will go to your favorite restaurant to get you something to eat. Is there anything specific that you would prefer?"
Tony opens his eyes again, only to scream as the pale faceless creature that had kidnapped him, loomed over him in prideful glee. Slenderman shushes him as he strokes the side of his face. "
Tony trembles in horror as Slenderman cackles and licks the side of his neck sensually. He screams... but no one can hear him.
"Just don't okay? We've had a long day and I just want to go home, cuddle with you as I plan our vacation."
The next few moments were filled with the Avengers getting everything patched up, heading to S.H.E.I.L.D. and then finally going home.
That pisses Steve off. "Leave us alone first!" He yells back at Slender as he slowly advances behind them.
Maw bows deeply once more. "But of course, my lord." He then floats away to inform the aforementioned crew.
Tony pushed him away. "I said I was fine! Alright!?" Steve pulled back with a hurt look on his face.
Steve gave him a sheepish grin. "When JARVIS told me that it was one of your favorite series." Tony's heart beat faster. Steve was so cute sometimes.
I̠̘͋͋̉'̎͆Mͬ̾͐̑͟ ̱͕̱̭ͯ̚S̟̪̩ͥT̗̻́̊̈́͞Iͧͩ͗ͧ̾͛L͍̩̔͒̌ͩ̀͋͞Ḽ̮̤̞̪͚ ̹̼̯̮̥̲͑̋̌̐́H͈͚͓̲ͬ̔̈́È̓͑̽͐́ͤR̺̳̞̫̳̹̠̊ͣE̬͍ͮ͋
Steve spoke up as well. "You were whining all day yesterday about having a 'much needed vacation.' I just don't think we have the time."
Well, he does know one thing, no one can know. If they did, then they'll try to help and that would only get them killed. No, he'll endure alone. His best bet would be to distract himself with his workshop and charity galas.
Coulson sighed and spread out his hands. "Look, if Tony doesn't get his way, well, you know what happens." That was a little wrong, but hey, Clint didn't know it (and never will) but he would do almost anything for him.
The engineer shook his head to clear it of the haziness that was still lingering. "Fine! I'm fine! Just, you know, the usual nightmares..."
Tony sighed and dragged his hands through his hair. "Alright, alright already! Look, let's just keep it so that we can analyze it later, hm?"
They and nod and start to head out but Thor stops and looks around. "Stop. Where is Banner?" They all stop and start looking around too. A very cold and terrifying realization hits them all at the same time like a ton of bricks.
In his haze, he didn't stop to remember that he was only halfway through the movie and that movies don't show static at the end anymore nowadays.
What he had not known however, was that there was already someone there. Someone he had hunted and let go unharmed.
"OH MY GOD! You did NOT just go there! Oh god, I fucking love you!" Tony wiped the tears from his eyes as he wrapped an arm around Steve's waist. "But seriously though, my favorite book is Dead Beat. Why? Dinosaurs, man. Fucking dinosaurs. He literally managed to reanimate a FUCKING TYRANNOSAURUS REX AND RODE HER TO GLORY." Tony sighs and looks dreamily at nothing. "I wish I could do that. All I can do, is make a very life like robot. Hmm, you know what? I might just do that when we get out of this hell hole."
Natasha looked a little thoughtful. "I've always wanted to visit England without having to kill anyone." The others shared a look.
The only thing that's alleviating some of the creep factor is trading favorite parts in the Harry Dresden series with Steve.
He looked around, wondering where the hell they were. They were in a clearing in a forest, and there seemed to be a chain link fence behind him. There seemed to be a tree that was larger than the rest. It had no leaves and there seemed to be something like a piece of paper stuck to the trunk. It was twilight now, the sky was starry and dark with a bloody tinge to it. Geez, was it just him, or did Halloween make everything creepy as fuck?
"Brother, you must not move so much. Let me carry you until you are healed enough, alright?" Thor gave him the puppy dog eyes.
Slenderman slowly tilts his head as he observes his pet and whats left of his little 'friends' as they flee the building. Time to give chase.
One of them was a bit creepy though. It was a painting of a clearing that was slightly all to familiar. Tony stopped and leaned in to get a closer look, and severely wished he hadn't. It was almost exactly how he remembered it. Dark blood red sky, and gnarled trees that looked as if they would get up and chase you if you didn't keep an eye on them. There was something else, there, right it the middle of the woods and peeking from behind a tree, was Slenderman.
Thanos nodded. "Yes, go kill that troublesome god and his little group. I trust that you will not fail."
" The lithe creature's back creaks as he severely bends over Tony, who's sitting in his lap and they're both in some sort of black nest or cocoon, and lifts a hand to caress Tony's already swelling stomach. He also notices that he's still naked and thus sees the new mark that takes up the entirety of his arc reactor and a little bit outside of it. The mark is the same as the one on his tongue, it's black circle sits about two inches away from his arc reactor and the 'x' sits directly ontop of it and reaching a bit outwards from the circle. Tony jolts, trying to scratch the new mark off, but that only causes him even more excruciating pain. Slenderman tisks him and effortlessly restrains his hands. "
After that meddlesome god had fled, Thanos was ready to initiate his last resort. He was weakened greatly by his encounter with that puny god. How dare he! Thanos had given him an army to get
"Well, then I guess we try not to look at it then. Hopefully, we wont need to." Loki spoke up. They all knew that that was unlikely.
Thanos slumped even more as he lowers his hands from his summonings. A tall figure surrounded by shadows and mist was slowly straightening up from it's limp, puppet-like stance. It had on a black suit with a white shirt and a red tie. It's fingers and limbs were overly long and thin. It's bald, white head slowly rose to stare silently at it's summoner. Even though it's skin was white did not mean that it stood out like most white things did. It looked as if it was absorbing the light, making the air around it darker, thus even harder to see. Thanos pretended he didn't feel a shiver fear and excitement. It really was a beautiful specimen...
At first, Steve doesn’t understand.  If Tony was going to take off his shirt, why wasn’t he doing the sensible thing and reaching for the bottom hem?  But stripping, it seems, is not his objective, because when the shirt has traveled down past Tony’s collarbone, Steve starts to see a faint light radiating from under the material.
Natasha doesn’t react aside from lifting one perfect eyebrow.  “Yes, I can see you’re unaffected.”  She moves toward the edge of the ring and ducks under the ropes.  Steve has no choice but to follow her, as they’re obviously done for the day.  Nat grabs two bottles of water from a nearby table and moves to sit on one of the benches.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. I missed you too Winghead. Now pay attention or you are going to get confused and I’m not explaining it to you.”
“I’m sure you will,” and when Tony opened the box, Steve understands why tony had come up here to collect things.
The rest of the night he didn’t pay attention. Not when they were choosing the movie, not when it was playing and not when it was over. Everyone moved to go to bed, including Steve. He walked out of the room without a look or a word to Tony. Tony knew Steve was hurt because of Tony  shutting him out, and he wanted to fix it, but this was his life now. He would just have to learn how to deal with it.
“Well,” Steve says, pretending to think about it. “I think they might be distracted by the part where I’m in bed naked with Tony Stark.”
“Basic first aid training was kind of part of the job,” Steve says. “I had the neatest sutures of the Commandos.”
“We’re talking now?” Tony replies. “Two hours of silent treatment. Didn’t know you could be so petty, Cap. I’d almost be proud if I wasn’t lying here with my arm out of commission for two weeks.” He pauses. “Maybe one.”
Steve makes a sound in the back of his throat that sounds suspiciously like a purr and Tony can’t get enough air in his lungs. Then Steve is kissing him, firm but not pushing. Making his stance known. Like how Steve covers his back in battle, Tony thinks. Or how he convinces them all to order Thai takeout for the third day in a row.
“I don’t know, man, y’all do have some things you should maybe talk out,” Sam offers. “You know I’m a trained crisis mediator—”
TS: [amused] Sold off the family company a long time ago. Most likely made my old man roll over in his grave. I bet I've been here since you were in braces.
“70 years?” Tony prompts, an amused glint in his eyes. “Or two? How do you quantify the time frozen?”
The Lokis pull out an old scroll and begin to read from it in a language Tony doesn’t recognize. It echoes around them, like they’ve wandered into a series of caves with no clear end.
—Steve.” Tony rubs a hand over his face. “Steve, if I ever try to tell the man who was frozen for 70 years and who, when he found out he’d woken up 70 years in the future, the first thing he said was ‘I had a date’—if I try to tell that guy he’s wrong for not liking unimaginative sitcom writers dragging out a relationship because they have no more ideas—like. Just clobber me with the shield. I’m clearly under some kind of mind-control.”
“There’s a tux already in your closet.” Tony hands over the invite. “Pick up you at 6:30, handsome.”
Tony rubs a hand over his eyes and down his face. “Barton, are you asking me if I’m making a sex bot that looks like Steve.”
Steve looks back sharply. Then his face relaxes into something small and lost. “I don’t, not really.” He runs a hand through his hair. “I still wake up sometimes, thinking I can’t breathe. Asthma. Or the ice.”
Steve is quiet for a few beats before he sighs and pulls away. “Now,” he says. “We face Nat’s I-told-you-so and go back to the compound. Tomorrow, we’ll talk. A lot.”
“Let him in,” Tony says, not looking away from the screens in front of him. He’s just put the final touches on the design and can get started on construction once he gets Steve’s okay.
--you've likely seen a long s. It's a letter we no longer use, and it looks like this: ſ. Instead, we (typically) use two s's for the same sound: aſignment/assignment, aſaſin/assassin, etc.
“You know,” Steve says casually, as if Tony can’t smell the sweat and faint cling of early summer mornings in the city on his skin. “If you’d like to go on a date, you can just ask me out like a normal person.”
“Okay,” Steve interrupts. “New plan. We’ll need to brief Clint, Natasha, and Bruce when they return. Can we get Bruce to take a look at that scroll?”
“Wait,” Clint says, turning his head to study the headline. “Is that quoting what I think it’s quoting?”
Steve nearly holds his breath, afraid Tony will realize what he’s said and draw back into himself again.
Tony gets the idea from the tabloid that is now, much to his annoyance, displayed on the fridge in the communal kitchen. Pepper and Hill have been on him to do some PR work for StarkIndustries and the Avengers, so why not a charity volleyball tournament? Two problems solved with one afternoon of strutting around in front of a crowd of investors and cameras, some carefully-chosen members of the general public, etc. etc. SHIELD will leave him alone and Pepper might stop wearing that look that says
This far in the future with a disappearance and resurrection between Steve and the USO days, it’s rare someone asks him about his time selling war bonds. It’s unsettling to see his life remembered as a highlight reel, his despair and anger gathered into simple places: too sick to join up initially; Bucky’s fall from the train; the last call with Peggy. No one ever asks if he was bored, what the Commandos favorite card games were, or how Dum Dum was an absolute shark at poker but nobody ever asked Steve to play whist again after he swept all their chocolate rations in one game. Bucky had been near tears laughing at the rest of them, barely able to choke out the explanation Steve was staying tight-lipped about: it was boring to be sick all the time, and his neighbor Jean would entertain Steve some days with card games or tricks until Steve could do them all himself.
The inventor, who’s not supposed to be back in New York for at least another day, freezes in the entryway, his eyes locking on Steve in confusion.  “You’re here,” he says, somewhat dazed.
At least he has until the pair of them get back from D.C. to get his head on straight. He’s nearly managed to get the two of them out of his head when a voice rings from the room’s speakers, dragging the whole sordid situation screaming back to the surface.
It’s nearly seven o’clock by the time Steve makes it back to Stark Tower.  As team leader, it’s his responsibility to brief the SHIELD, the press, the National Defense Council, and every other concerned party that wants to know each and every detail of the latest alien invasion.  He understands – it hasn’t been all that long since the Chitauri – but he’s told the exact same story what seems like a hundred times.  There’s only so many times he can regurgitate the exact same details over and over, and all he wants to do is go home and go to sleep.
Steve might not understand the science, but he can definitely grasp the sincerity in Stark’s words.  He’s serious.  This arc reactor thing is something that could actually work and, potentially, help a lot of people.
She tries to sit up against her pillows only to wince and settle back down. She sighs, stares up at the ceiling and begins. “At first…plausible deniability. In the beginning I was still figuring this whole thing out, and my public reputation was a mass. Casual sexism created enough of a distance between Natasha Stark and Iron Man for the general public, but then the team came along. You guys are smart. You would have figured it out. I had to make a choice and, well,” she says ruefully, “I gave you my better half.”
Steve immediately forces his face into a neutral expression and works to keep his tone as level as possible.  “Really?  What did you say?”
his head’s warning him to keep his distance.  For all practical purposes, he’s leaving room for the Holy Spirit That He Doesn’t Believe in Yet Still Manages to Cockblock Him.  It’s unendingly frustrating, and he spends most of his time torn between breaking out in hysterics and searching for a nice, solid brick wall to beat his head against.  It’s been a week since Steve’s little alien-epiphany, and apparently ‘take it slow’ just means doing exactly what they’ve been doing and calling it dating.  Whether that’s a result of Steve’s old-time sensibilities or his waiting for Tony to make the first move, Tony doesn’t know, but it’s slowly driving him insane. For the foreseeable future, he’s got the worst case of red, white, and blue balls known to man, and he’s locked into a constant state of anxiety over the future of his love life.
.  I owe my suit a long polishing session and…shut it, Barton, that’s not kinky!  Anyway, showers took priority.”
Putting them both out of his mind, he starts to reply to Tony’s momentarily forgotten text.  He most certainly does not need Tony placing his food order again.  He’s just finished typing out
“These are just a sample of Sir’s questionable wardrobe choices throughout the years.  I must add that all of these images were taken willingly, with Mr. Stark’s full knowledge and enthusiasm.”
nonetheless – and he can’t even follow through.   Now he’s back to square one, sparring with Natasha and no general prospects in life.  So yeah, he’s frustrated.
And yet, Steve’s lust-inducing appearance is surprisingly only the second most surprising detail of the night.  First place goes to the flowers he’s holding out to Tony.
He turns his head back over his shoulder only to find that Tony is staring at him, and, much to his chagrin, he feels his face heating up.  It wasn’t like he’d never stripped down in front of anyone before; Army life quickly robbed him of any pretensions of modesty.  But to the best of his knowledge, no one he’d undressed in front of before stared at him like that wanted to rip those clothes right back off.  He mentally shakes himself and reminds himself that
“I’m on it.”  Iron Man takes to the sky, and Steve turns northward, waiting for the onslaught of...bears.  Christ.
“Well,” Steve answers while crossing to the other man, “we’re glad you came.”  He extends his arm for a handshake, but Thor grasps his forearm in what Steve can only assume is some sort of Asgardian greeting.  He’ll take it.  He gestures toward the now vacant stairs.
Clint makes brief eye contact with Natasha, and it seems to Steve as if they’re communicating nonverbally.  When he starts speaking again, his voice emerges in a series of nervous, clipped statements.
.”  Thank God his committee had bought it.  Over the years, he’d thought Dum-E had gotten slightly less, well,
“Oh, please call me Tony,” he answers, briefly shaking hands and gesturing the to the minibar along the far wall.  “Can I get you something to drink?”
Of course, these meetings would be a lot more productive if he wasn’t working with a fraction of the team.  Clint and Natasha are amazing assets, but they’re admittedly the least enhanced members of the Avengers.  The strategy sessions would be much more effective if they addressed the strengths and weakness of the
Oh, as you were told.  Yup, Steve sucks at this whole double agent thing.  The man’s actions are ridiculously transparent now that Tony has the one fact that clarifies everything else.
for Christ’s sake.  It’s one of the oldest clichés in the book, but to his infinite surprise, he’s…enjoying it?  Huh.
“I’m Tony, you’re Steve, and we’re safe in Stark Tower in New York.  No one’s after you.  It’s just you and me in a basement in Manhattan.  That’s it.”
Clint’s voice rings across the gym and interrupts his internal monologue.  Not wanting to stop and chat, he gestures to the bag with one clenched fist.  “Training.”
Steph takes a deep breath which is in no way related to recent smoke inhalation.  She’s a genetically-enhanced super soldier who's been catapulted seventy years into the future and fought off invaders from outer space.  This is hardly the most terrifying thing she’s experienced, not even the most terrifying thing in the last month if she’s being honest.  Still, her heart’s pounding faster now then it was ten minutes ago when she was trapped in the middle of a burning building.
The first time he’d first shut Rogers out of the lab, he didn’t expect the guy to stick around.  His hallway, after all, isn’t the most thrilling place in the world.   But Rogers stayed.  After the first thirty minutes or so he’d relocated to the steps leading up to the elevator, but for the rest of the afternoon and well into the night he’d sat there like the world’s most irritating statue.  More times than he cared to admit, Tony found himself glancing toward the exit to see if the man had vacated his hallway.  He never did.
for him, as if his prolonged abstinence is a good thing.  “He must be really special, if you’re dating a SHIELD agent without any of your usual incentives.”
Tasha answers with a short, barking laugh.  “Cap, Yvette’s a model.  We’re less dating than engaging in a mutually beneficial business arrangement.  I get arm candy, she gets exposure, no one expects us to go home with them at the end of the night.  Everybody wins.”
“Jeezus, warn a guy, would you!”  Tony spins to see Steve behind him, his eyes abnormally wide.  “They’re just holograms.  Granted, mine are definitely more advanced than anything SHIELD has, but they’re comparable.”
He actually beats the pizza delivery guy to the lab, but, ironically, they’re both stuck waiting outside.  Tony has entered into what he calls “hardware mode,” aka “breathe and you die.”  It’s happened once or twice in the past couple of weeks, when Tony thinks he has a viable isotope to test, and Steve knows that he’s not allowed to make any sudden movements, lest he cause Tony’s hand to slip at some pivotal moment.  He can just make out Tony’s profile through the glass, hunched over a table and holding something very shiny.  Yup, best not to disturb him.  Since he’s already outside the lab, he figures it’s best to just wait until Tony’s at a stopping point.  It’s not as if he doesn’t have practice sitting on that step.
Tony lightly clenches his fingers together so that they tighten around Steve’s.  The contraction draws Steve’s hand even closer to his, but Steve doesn’t pull away.  Emboldened, Tony looks over at Steve’s face, which is surprisingly close to his.
Steve’s pretty sure that last string of text isn’t meant to be intelligible, but he counts it as a win nevertheless.  Now he just has to brush up on the references so that Tony doesn’t call him on his bluff.
He swings by that ratty little taco stand that they both like and grabs an obscenely large amount of food.  The smell of grease and cheese wafts through the service elevator as the metal doors shut behind him.
“You’d better,” she sits up, flipping up a small light on the bedside table. This is exactly the outcome Steve had tried to avoid because he knows that Tasha will take forever to get back to sleep. She’ll be up for a bit now, most likely fiddling with a tablet, and he won’t be there to cajole her into putting it away. Still, he doesn’t regret staying with her until the last possible second.
When she charges toward him, he honestly doesn’t know what to expect. It almost seems as if she’s going to attack him, but he honestly doesn’t know what level of harm she could inflict outside the suit. He throws up his arms to shield his face, if necessary, but she stops a few inches in front of him. Her hands keep going though, past his face and around his neck and —
“Everyone’s fine for the most part.  A couple of the agents who were on the perimeter are going to have some pretty nasty bruises, but there weren’t any fatalities.”
his brain wanted to ask.  Why wouldn't he want to spend the evening with someone’s whose company he sincerely enjoyed, even if the circumstances were less than ideal?  He cocks his head a bit, asking, “Of course I'm serious. I want you to come to the gala with me. Why wouldn't I be serious?"
Tony’s eyes harden.  “Just because I’m not working on those Helicarriers doesn’t mean that SHIELD gets automatic access to my new tech.”
“Tomorrow.”  Fury turns, apparently satisfied with getting the last word.  He nods briefly towards Bruce with a succinct
Natasha runs the back of her hand over her dampened forehead and scans the perimeter for more adversaries.  “Now what?”
He spends a restless night trying to come up with potential lines of attack, but he’s no closer the following morning when a sharp rap sounds on his door and startles him out of his musings. He prays for it to be anyone else: a sales rep, a nosy neighbor, takeout delivered to the wrong house. But the universe is not that kind, and when he peers through the peephole, he’s greeted by the very face that, despite his best efforts, has never managed to clear his mind's eye.
“And the fact that I know practically nothing about last seventy years? That one’s going to be kind of hard to gloss over.”
Steph smiles against her will.  “Not exactly, no.”  Although Tasha is.  At least, she wears enough yoga pants around the Mansion to suggest the hobby.  Not that Steph’s thought about it a lot.
She’s nearly screaming by the end, and he feels compelled to match her tone. “I wasn’t jealous of Iron Man! I was jealous of you. Natasha you."
has never crossed his mind. With the lack of anything of substance to say, he blurts out the first thing that comes to his head. “Could you please sit down? You’ll pull your stitches.”
Life goes on.  Clint and Nat come back from wherever they’ve been, recuperate for a couple of weeks, and then head back out.  Steph finds a community center that hosts an art therapy class on the weekend.  Tasha still spends far too much time at work, but occasionally she comes back to the mansion in time for dinner if Steph nags her often enough.  Things are good, or at least far better than she expected things to be.
“Pretty harmless now, though.”  Tony knocks firmly one of the horse’s withers as if he’s rapping on a door, and that’s when it happens.
“I’m trying,” he insists.  “Missing out on over twenty years of culture makes that a bit difficult.”  It’s more like seventy years, but Tony doesn’t need to know that.  The principle stands.
Clint looks upward, scanning the sky.  “We should probably get out of here before the press starts showing up.  I’m not in the mood for reporters.”
Steve doesn’t seem like he’s on board, though.  “That seems like a horrible decision,” he says with slight distaste.
A grin spreads over Tony’s face, and, much to Steve’s infinite consternation, Tony begins to sit up. “Okay, now’s the time where we both come clean.”
He should stand up.  He knows that.  This is not what Steve would have wanted, and it’s certainly not going to do any favors for his mental health in the long run.  He doesn’t care.  All he knows at that the minute he stands up, this is all over.  It’s as good as admitting that Steve’s dead, and he doesn’t know if he’s ready to face that yet.
“Yes!” Tony shouts from beside him.  “Those arrows are aluminum tipped.  The force field probably doesn’t have that great of an effect on them.”
“Congratulations, Cap,” Clint jokes, “you decapitated a Founding Father.  That’s gotta be, like, a minus fifty in Patriot Points.”
Whatever brief purpose he’d found in this century disappeared with the disbandment of his team.  Now that that’s been taken away, his existence in this century is aimless and he doesn’t exactly know what he’s supposed to do. The prolonged stillness makes him realize truly how alone he is in this strange new world.
Yet despite how furious and confused and angry and betrayed he feels right now, there’s a part of him that can’t believe it was all a lie.  Looking back, Steve’s cover story is woefully thin.  If he really had dark, nefarious purposes, he wouldn’t have been so blatantly...well, transparent.   It was only a matter of time before he figured this whole thing out.  Frankly, he’s shooting himself in the foot for not recognizing it sooner.  Like, there’s no way Steve could have expected Iron Man wouldn’t connect the dots.  There are only so many tall, muscular, culturally inept blonde men running around New York.  Plus, Steve was far too happy to see Iron Man in the park.  If he’d been secretly trying to worm his way into Iron Man’s good graces by cuddling up to his human alter ego, Steve would have been a lot more stressed out.
