Sherlock tugs on him, dragging him up for a kiss, making their groins slot together and John can't help groaning.
When Sherlock returns, late in the afternoon, John has almost finished packing.
Not where he’s just another notch on the bedpost of John’s marital bed.
"A what?" Sherlock was sporting an unusually forlorn face as he looked up at John.
But for now John’s hand rests in his and he has vague promises of a future to tuck into the most secret parts of his mind palace.
Sherlock considers this. "Paying the rent? Probably not. I doubt it. Can't remember when I last paid a single bill, honestly."
“I didn’t realise you lived in such constant fear of Santa Claus,” Sherlock said with a near invisible smirk. “So what would you like to do during your immunity from imaginary childhood concepts, then?”
John doesn't consider it "his area" either. Not when no women are involved, at least. Certainly, he's tried things. He happened upon a threesome or two in Uni (who didn't?), but he's never done anything with a man in a one-on-one setting. If sleeping with Sherlock doesn't count. Which, John thinks, it doesn't.
This is probably as close to "thanks for dinner" as Sherlock gets and John smiles.
He tries not to think about the Watsons' future – not to notice the tell-tale signs of betrayal in the swoop of John's hair, the new cut of his underwear, the bottom lip that’s swollen from guilty biting.
And that's how John Watson realises he's in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
(See the end of the chapter for
John took a deep breath and counted to ten.
Then he went back to work. As people do, after a traumatic event. The world keeps on spinning. People need their warts removed and their rashes looked at. And while John isn't much use as a person these days, he can at least remove warts.
His fingers are trembling, just a bit. And he can see that Sherlock is awake and looking at him. But neither of them moves, apart from John's hand.
Now, however, every touch seemed charged with something more. John found himself dwelling not only on those, but also on previous touches.
The wardrobe is small. Really small, and it’s a cheap IKEA number, so it probably isn’t very soundproof either. This is really, really bad.
Not now.
(Mary would've liked that, he thinks as he gathers everything up. Would've said it's out of character, though.)
He doesn't know where. Maybe he's back on some insane adventure that John has no part of, like before. Maybe he’s turned back to drugs. Maybe he's being held in some deep, dark dungeon that the likes of Mycroft keep in the cellars of government for people who kill media moguls. John doesn't know.
"Nonsense, you know more than most."
It's as if the moment in the wardrobe never happened. Sherlock magics them a taxi and they return home. Sherlock (after a bit of prodding from John) calls the Met to tell them everything he knows about the gang and their current "project."
“Really?” Sherlock’s eyes never left John’s. “You’re sure?”
It leaves Sherlock feeling like he’s been hit by a truck.
And then John smiled up at him and took the whole thing in his mouth.
"I don't need your help, Mary. And I certainly don't need John "pliant.""
Sure, Sherlock might very well beat him in a fight. The man spent hours on Youtube, learning new tricks, mashing up the best of martial arts from all corners of the universe. Sherlock was a clever opponent, quick, smart and vicious – but right then John allowed him to feel which of them was physically stronger.
"Me staying never would've been enough for him." As if she's suggesting some fault with John - John!
He silently admires her acting skills.
That’s probably why the conversation about A.G.R.A. was so horrid. That conversation required total honesty, constant eye-contact. No illusions. It was neccesary because Sherlock’s promised that he will never keep John Watson ignorant about things concerning John Watson ever again. He promised – no more secrets between them.
He exhaled loudly. Inhaled again, through his nose.
He couldn't have been.
“I'm not. I'm merely pointing out the factors that are already in place, clear to steer the whole thing into its inevitable destruction.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and gave a shaky nod.
Stupid phones.
Sherlock’s head hurts. He doesn’t completely get what John’s saying. He doesn’t know if John is telling him… that he’ll divorce Mary? And he doesn’t know if he should be stopping that if he is.
But of course he thought about it.
"Right," he says. "You can go back to being a dick, now."
John sounds reasonable. He doesn’t sound drunk, he sounds confident and cocky. Like he has seen something he wants and he’s – finally – decided to take it.
He jolted when he felt the hesitant touch of fingers near the hem of his jumper. His breath hitched and his own hands reacted before he could make a conscious decision. He fumbled for Sherlock’s shirt, timidity quickly giving way for urgency.
But John doesn’t seem sad.
The other thing boyfriends do with their partners.
"Are you planning on demanding spousal support?"
John noticed that Sherlock didn’t mention it as much as he did. Sherlock seemed a bit nervous about it – which John found almost sweet. Certainly both of them avoided mentioning John’s first marriage, so maybe Sherlock was being considerate by avoiding the topic of marriage altogether. Or maybe he was being considerate towards John’s heterosexuality. Sherlock being considerate about anything at all was rather endearing, so John didn’t really mind what it was about.
“Anything,” Sherlock said, as he shrugged off his shirt.
“Ah.”
he trying to recall that at all?
That first touch of lips is enough to tell John everything he needs to know about what sex with Sherlock, a relationship with Sherlock, a life with Sherlock will be.
"Not quite," she says. "There are still a few loose ends in London for me to tie."
Which is frankly absurd. When has Sherlock Holmes concerned himself with being considerate... anything?
He’s still gnashing his teeth when he finally falls asleep.
Not at Sherlock, though. Sherlock has been trying his very best at being inoffensive and even sometimes succeeding (he's Sherlock, after all - he wouldn't feel like the same person if he suddenly turned into the perfect housemate. But he's trying).
"Well, no, I didn’t,” John said slowly in his
"And the unusual way my brother insisted on luring in the suspect?"
As if he would.
He snorts.
“I’m sorry,” John said at the breakfast table the next morning.
Horribly, agonizingly annoying, but good. Sherlock and John work.
"Mhm?"
Mary lets him.
…He might, John concluded.
He’s still tired – so tired – from the last few days and would very much like to be left alone. But here she is. Again.
She doesn't reply at once. Seems to think it over.
But spending the night somewhere else, without discussing it with Sherlock, feels like a betrayal.
“Excellent. Now walk into the kitchen.”
"What?" John whipped around to look at Sherlock. Who kept staring at the floor of the car.
John smirked. "Can't you tell?"
"Mary," he bites out. "I’m thirty-eight years old, I don’t need
He should probably feel surprised when he finds Sherlock sitting on his sofa.
"Sherlock?"
my friend.”
Oh, god.
At the Yard's Christmas Party everyone got roaring drunk on mulled wine, which was a colossally stupid idea, considering how much mulled wine you need to consume in order to get properly drunk. Meaning that everyone was both quite drunk and faintly nauseated.
"A pre-nup. To do with money and such."
While John is having this meltdown, Sherlock is just the same as ever. He yells at the telly, he does unspeakable things to stuff in the bathtub, he summons John to crime scenes where he proceeds to ignore him, he eats take-out, he makes tea and he sleeps next to John every night.
The lips smiled.
He felt that he deserved the full experience. He wanted freshly baked cookies (made from readymade dough - he was ambitious, not insane), he wanted Christmas music, he wanted fairy lights, he wanted Christmas markets, he wanted hand-written wish lists, he wanted roasted chestnuts and he wanted a live Christmas tree.
It’s over, then.
“I didn’t?” Sherlock asked and John could feel his heart clench a little bit at the tone of voice. The surprise.
With one, swift movement, John had him up against the wall. He twisted the arm he held behind Sherlock’s back and allowed Sherlock to feel – perhaps for the first time – just how much stronger John was.
“Why do you ask?” They aren’t used to speaking much in bed. No wonder Sherlock’s baffled.
“She…” he swallows. “She might not be your wife – although I disagree – but she
"Goodbye, Mary." He rubs his temples and stretches out on the sofa.
John smiled refilled their glasses.
Seven.
“Sorry?”
“Mhm.”
asking me why?”
The third item on John’s list – baking cookies – was the first one he attempted to put into effect.
It’s tricky, touching John to his heart’s content at the same time John is touching him. The sensory input is overwhelming.
They’ve never talked about why Sherlock isn’t staying at 221B. John has assumed that some unhappy friends of Magnusson might be dogging Sherlock’s every step, waiting for their opportunity for revenge.
“Did someone die?” John asks bluntly.
“Who are?” John asked with mild curiosity.
When he asked Sherlock to chop the chocolate and was met with stony silence, he didn’t grumble.
“Santa isn’t imaginary.”
Obviously, he finally snaps.
“Mind you,” John speaks over him, “that by "someone" I mean Mycroft or your parents. Possibly Mrs. Hudson.”
"Right," says Sherlock softly and John illogically feels as if he's just thrown a mug full of cold tea in his face.
“Sherlock? Look at me. What did Mycroft do?”
John gives up on the discussion and buries his nose in the covers and tries to fall asleep.
"I don't know. I'll need to consult my financial analyst on whether I can splurge on eggs."
John chuckled. This was nice. Just sitting here, teasing each other, drinking questionable tea and listening to Christmas music. It had been one hell of a year, but it was almost over now and it looked like they’d make it through it okay. More than okay. Back together in Baker Street.
This is the sort of thing John does, when he's in a relationship.
But he doesn't succumb to the suggestion. Not right now, he whispers back to the voice. Maybe in a bit.
He’s beautiful.
"I hope you’ve thought about what I said," she says as she removes her hat and settles into her seat.
Stupid marriage.
Sherlock doesn't reply, but for a moment a warm hand gently clasps his shoulder.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John whispers, slightly breathless.
The first blow rang out loudly in the room. Sherlock jerked but didn’t make a sound.
This is all fucked up.
“It’s all Mycroft’s fault,” Sherlock slurred.
"Unresolved ones. And he'll have those now too. Because he loved me, Sherlock." She stares at him, as if to dare him to object.
It was for a case, naturally. And Mycroft would sort it all out afterwards, so that it would be like it never happened. All quite mundane, Sherlock assured him.
"I know. But you need someone to help you with this, and there's no one else."
"Christ, Sherlock," he pants, as Sherlock moves up the bed and a lube-slicked hand slides in front of him and grabs his throbbing penis.
John cleared his throat. “I think ten is a good, round number to be getting on with.” He could feel that his breath was getting shorter and he clenched his free hand a few times before taking a stance on the right side of Sherlock.
John buried the stillborn child in London. By himself. Just John and the priest.
"You know I care about him, Sherlock." She stuffs her hands into the pocket of her hooded sweatshirt. "And, although I doubt you'll believe it, I care about you."
The thing about tea is that it shouldn’t matter who makes it. It’s just hot water poured over some dried leaves and allowed to steep for a set amount of minutes. You shouldn’t be able to mess it up.
Sherlock ignores her.
"Surely... I mean... This wasn't Saudi Arabia... We’re talking Europe, here."
"It's only...People might think I am. If they find out that...You know."
"Girls," John gritted out, deciding to stick with this somewhat bizarre line of questioning. "What should I tell them?"
Secondly - well, he spends his nights with Sherlock. Planning to spend a night with someone else - nameless and faceless as that person might be - feels... Odd.
"Curious, that you refuse to leave, since you're here precisely because you're about to run off."
And then she's gone.
John has never really thought of his back as an erogenous zone, but Sherlock certainly treats it like one. He licks up and down the column of his back, he examines the scar on his shoulder with eyes, lips and fingers, he rains kisses all over John's skin in a way that make him arch his back, thrusting his arse in the air in what must seem like a shameless invitation.
In the end he has it narrowed down by going through the information he copied from the USB-drive. Either she’s going to the Hotel Cecil in Morocco or to a club with no name in Geneva.
Because while Sherlock's warm body next to his sometimes feels like the only reliable thing in the world, sometimes John feels like the situation rather adds to the turmoil in his head.
"Think about it."
The days while Mary was raking up air-miles were harrowing. John had spent much of them at 221B with Sherlock and Rosie. They told Mrs. Hudson that Mary had gone unexpectedly to visit her aunt, who’d suffered a stroke. Mrs. Hudson had done them the courtesy of pretending to believe that. And she’d helped them distract Rosie, even though she isn’t much use when it comes to any actual lifting, holding or rocking of the child.
"Yes," says Sherlock.
"I don't need you to tell me that," he says shortly.
"If you go about this the way I think you will, Sherlock, you might kill him," she says bluntly.
He just cares about the fact that John Watson is unbuttoning his jeans under Sherlock’s coat and inviting Sherlock to join him underneath it. Sherlock is allowed to touch John like this, is allowed to circle John’s cock in his hand and experiment.
“I’ve never had one,” John continued, “and I’d like one. Preferably one that matches one that you are wearing. At the party.”
“Why? Are you
The idea was oddly intriguing.
Sherlock dismisses that with a wave of his hand.
And if only he’ll manage to sort out this mess of Mary’s, then this whole thing might work out.
Not into John’s room, he notices. Sherlock piles everything in the living room, as if to allow John himself to decide the next step. Like he’s unsure into which bedroom he should move John’s things.
Sherlock's arm slips around his waist and tightens there, and they both hold their breaths as the wannabe-mafia members file out of the room, not one of the bothering to open the wardrobe.
John spends the rest of the afternoon wondering exactly what he said wrong.
His trembling is now worse than ever - both in his bad hand and everywhere else. He can see a few options. He could get started on ruining everything in this beige hell that reminds him of Mary. He admits to himself that this will probably result in a house fire. He takes that into consideration and files the suggestion for later.
"Seriously, I don't know why you insist on coming to have these talks, Mary. You clearly don’t require my input for them."
It makes Sherlock nervous, a bit.
"Mhm." Mycroft was the only person who knew about their short introduction to matrimony and John found it in a bit of a poor taste to discuss the thing with his erstwhile brother-in-law -- not in the least because Mycroft always looked like he had a bad taste in his mouth when he mentioned it.
Well.
"Great. Eggs and whatnots it is."
“Well, in such special circumstances it would have to be something truly… outrageous,” Sherlock said in a low voice. “Something you’d never even think of doing at any other time.”
“And will you come with me?” Sherlock leered, even though the distress was still plain on his face. “Husband?”
“Anything?”
Sherlock cocked his head, seemingly puzzled.
After a few deep sucks Sherlock shudders and comes down John's throat, in is mouth, over his face and it is absolutely disgusting but also best thing ever.
"Will you tell me what happened? After you came back?"
Because there are things complicating his relationships with Sherlock Holmes.
“You next.” John throws him a clean towel without looking at him. Then he sits down in his chair and turns on the TV.
And once they were sat at the table, John could really tell how long it had been since they'd done anything this deliberately intimate.
Sherlock stood in a corner of the room and made deductions - mainly about how long it would be until particular members of the force would vomit.
"As I said - this will be complicated. He'll be furious. But not at himself, like he was the last time."
The only thing John didn't get was why Sherlock needed to be such a little shit about it.
"Hey, Sherlock?"
“No,” John felt vaguely horrified. "No, it's... It's just for us. I thought, you know, with the weather being crap and all that we could use a nice, hot meal. Here. Without having to leave the flat. That's all."
Now John was picturing Sherlock wanking, which was probably the least helpful outcome of anything.
But there was this other thing that Sherlock had been saying in his drunk ravings. That John couldn't quite get to add up.
John even suspected him of eating the wrapping paper, because that was the only explanation for how quickly it seemed to be disappearing.
Because this was it. He was absolutely sure that this was the moment. The moment they’d both been… not waiting for, exactly, but anticipating. He’d felt its presence thrumming beneath his skin every day for ages. It had been just out of reach. Lurking at the edges of every smile, of every accidental touch, of every kindness shown. It had been there in the bow on the Christmas present John had found at the edge of his bed a couple of days ago. It had been there every time Sherlock’s craving for Chinese gave way for John’s craving for Indian. It had been there in their toothbrushes, standing side by side in the mug in the bathroom.
Sherlock is often still awake when John starts thrashing about. He places his had on John's shoulder, shifting closer to him so that they're touching all along each other's sides. And John feels better.
She won't say anything, he thinks. She realises that isn't her place. Not now. Not anymore.
Then they started coming on in other situations.
He snorts. "Favour. He is, as a courtesy to John - and therefore as a courtesy to me - giving you a little head-start. Make no mistake, I'm sure he'll give his foreign counterparts all the information he's gathered on you to aid them in your capture, but he's not going to make the arrest himself. Not if he can avoid it. And he can't avoid it if you insist on hanging around on his doorstep. So Mary?" He steps into her personal space and whispers in her ear. "Scoot!"
"He'll be a mess," she says. Not unfairly, Sherlock thinks.
His finger clench on John’s nipples and John slams their mouths together to muffle the noise. It is the sort of orgasm that can shift the entire world.
He carefully cupped Sherlock’s hardness, allowed himself to feel his heat and his hardness through the thin cotton of the underwear.
“Me? Mean?” Sherlock waved a hand, as if wounded by the mere suggestion. “I’m just trying to educate you.”
Sherlock glared at him.
And John didn’t go on any Tinder dates.
After Sherlock jumped from St. Bart’s roof John had switched to coffee.
John figured he was probably going insane.
"Well, it wasn't my mission. It was yours," said Mycroft and John's feeling of unease kept growing. "It wasn't my job to deal with the details. It was yours. And this was your solution."
John burst into giggles and Sherlock was quick to follow him.
John had been trying to think, at the pub, but found himself unable to focus in the noise and the crowd. There was something niggling him about the situation that he couldn't quite get his head around. He felt like it was just out of reach - almost there - if only he managed to stop being this emotional about the whole thing.
John closes his eyes and balls his fists. He tries again.
"Is it safe? Are you still paying the rent?"
He can
Something like a sob.
Being quiet is much harder than Sherlock anticipated.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “God, John, have we finally managed to make a cynic of you? I almost feel bad.”
John had never spent much time thinking about cocks. He didn’t know what was considered normal, what was considered desirable. He’d never got around to looking at that gay porn, after all.
It made sense that Sherlock’s deepest fear was John thinking the worst of him.
Nine.
She rolls her eyes, as if he's being deliberately difficult.
"You've been... sent on leave?"
“Like what?” Sherlock asked, sounding like a petulant child, his head cocked to the side. Like he was suggesting that there was nothing John could do to him that would matter one bit. Like there was nothing John could do that would matter to him.
It's John's last day at home before returning to work at the clinic. He's spending it by the fire, sending out CVs.
And John twists a bit under Sherlock, and gasps.
Probably the unprofessionalism, he tells himself, but he's a bit worried that the other parts might also play a part.
"Metaphors, Mary, aren't really your forte."
Knowing that he won't someday spot her on the Tube.
It was intense – maybe more intense than any sexual encounter John could remember having – but although Sherlock’s eyes were burning, there was also joy on his face. Simple happiness, that made John’s heart clench with the knowledge that this was real, this was a new aspect of them that fitted perfectly with all the rest. John gave a small laugh and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, and clenched his fingers in his shirt.
John was cornered against the kitchen counter and found himself backing away from Sherlock as much as he could. It wasn't much.
“You’ll…what?”
Sure, they'd been domestic before. Before the fall, before Mary. They'd shared meals, quibbled over bills, spent time together and fought about household chores. But somehow, retiring together to bed every night has made it all feel even more intimate. And after finally offering Sherlock the chance to break his silence, last night, their friendship feels relaxed and close again.
“Odd topic, for a conversation, wouldn’t you say?” Sherlock asked and as he spoke, John could see his teeth and a hint of a pink tongue.
He could also get drunk. Seriously drunk. Puking and pissing all over himself drunk. Harry-levels of drunkenness.
John could feel himself holding his breath.
. Sure, there was this piece of paper between them, but that didn’t change anything. Shouldn’t change anything.
Should he start buying Sherlock flowers? Kissing him goodbye as he leaves the flat? Offering him the larger slice of pie at lunch? (No, let's not get ahead of ourselves, John tells himself. Sherlock hardly eats anyway - he wouldn't even want the larger slice.)
"So, can we go there? I can't..." He gestures around them.
Sherlock wasn't slipping anywhere. He was fine. He would be fine. He didn't need any particular comfort beyond the undoubtedly healthy buzz the drugs were giving him.
And that's how John feels these days. Non-existent.
(Like USUAL? How on earth did he miss the relationship-bit of their friendship until now?)
There's the evidence that Sherlock... Well, that Sherlock is truly interested in this. That Sherlock's "transport" is just as fickle as the next body, that Sherlock can be a slave to the baser emotions just like the rest of us.
"Right." Sherlock didn't say anything else, but his scepticism was obvious.
And he had the nerve to stop there. And not say anything more. Just hinting at the fact that John was also married. Alleging, without so many words, that John was cheating. Cheating! On him, no less.
There it was again. That flicker on Sherlock’s face. And John was suddenly very aware of how close they were sitting to each other. The tone of the conversation had changed and John wasn’t quite sure why or how. He didn’t know what game they were playing but he decided that his next move had to be a calculated gamble.
"Yeah, I really do. Go on," John smiles. "Tell me all about how clever you are."
“I married Mary Morstan,” John says evenly. “Then it turned out that she wasn’t actually Mary Morstan, but she was okay with being Mary Watson. She promised. The woman we’re following now is not Mary Watson. We’re not following the woman I married.”
Sherlock gives John a small smile, and that careful smile - more than anything - shows John how much Sherlock has been tiptoeing around him.
"But I'm fairly certain that the flat remains as it was. Mrs. Hudson would hardly evict me without sending as much as a text."
"Mhm. Did you know that you can be accused of physical assault without physically touching the assaulted?"
“Why are you doing this?” he asked. “You don’t like cheap gifts that are
on your top ten list of things to worry about?"
"Certainly," he says. "So many interesting things you said yesterday. At least eight clues about your future destination. Four about your past. Traces of your real accent, now that I know to look for it, can found in certain words. You probably spent ages on your "S", didn’t you?"
Three continents, John thought distantly. Countless relationships. A marriage. And still – still this felt new. And exciting.
"Where are we going?" John breathes as he follows Sherlock out from the warehouse, away from bloodthirsty, SWOT-analysing criminals.
"Right," he said. "I hope we're clear now."
There is comfort in rituals and there is nothing quite as ritualised as Christmas.
John, who was putting up their stockings on the mantelpiece, glared.
“It’s been good, this,” John says to him in a low voice. Sherlock feels sure that no one can hear them over the din of the engine but he still flinches at the words and scans their neighbours for listeners. “It’s been good,” John continues. “Being together, again.”
He wonders if Sherlock knows.
Eight.
“I’ve told you that this is important to me. And I’d like to have your help in celebrating this holiday, okay?”
As if John would ever hurt himself, while in Sherlock's care.
"She might not run. She might confide in us."
But John would never suspect Sherlock of tricking him into binding agreements just for his own satisfaction. And he felt a bit sick to think that Sherlock would think it of him.
He labels his kitchen appliances clearly. With short, precise threats of violence should they come near any disgusting experiments. They both know that this is pointless, but the ritual feels comforting.
Sherlock’s shoulders tensed a bit, but he didn’t protest.
"Don't be in touch. Flee, Mary. If you value your freedom."
. PTSD can result in all sorts of problems in that area that he, apparently, has been spared. That's good.
John fought an urge to kick him.
And Sherlock is glad that he's made it to John’s pectorals before John’s small hand slides into his underwear. Because from that moment on, Sherlock cannot think and cannot act. He shivers in John’s half-embrace, kissing him blindly and his fingers, always looking for something to fiddle with, can busy themselves with John’s nipples. And John doesn’t seem disappointed that this is all Sherlock can do. On the contrary – John sounds perfectly pleased about the development.
John continued, undeterred.
When John finally opened his mouth to say everything that had been churning in his head for the last few hours he was a little surprised to hear what came out.
John now flattered himself that he knew a thing or two about loving someone. A big part of it was helping your loved one when they were struggling. To make the hard things easy for them. Sherlock had already taken them this far. He didn’t need to take them the rest of the way by himself.
But Sherlock merely looks confused. When he slowly nods and watches John go.
“No, you didn’t. And I’m sorry I…I’m sorry about yesterday, okay? We’ll just wait this out. It’s not as if either of one is in a relationship right now – never mind one that is going to end with a wedding. I’m sure Mycroft will have figured this all out by the time it will ever matter. And until then, we can just pretend it didn’t happen, okay?”
He knows they can't afford to eat take-out every night, but he's exhausted after the burst of activity that culminated in him moving, and he can't really face going to the shops. Even though it means that they'll have nothing for breakfast in the morning.
John has, as has started to become fairly typical, turned in the night and is snuggled close to his platonic, best friend upon waking. He ignores (as usual) his erection, murmurs a greeting and moves to the bathroom.
"You are." John took a fortifying swig of wine. "And I was actually thinking today about how little I know about you."
Sherlock didn’t open his eyes. But he nodded. They were so close that John could smell his skin. He could feel his shuddering breath, he could see the flush on his cheeks.
"There isn't anything in there about it."
“Punishment,” he said in a low voice. Not a whisper, but in a low, firm voice.
This is all giving him a headache and he turns grumpily on his side, away from Sherlock.
He gets out of bed, reliefs himself, and returns to the wrong side of the bed. There he cuddles under the covers, so very glad not to be alone and whispers: "Thanks, Sherlock." Hoping it says enough.
So John did the only thing he could think of and stormed from the room, grabbing his coat on the way out. He needed a drink.
He isn't sure when he stopped being able to make sense of John Watson.
wanted tea, not when they wanted tea.
They stumbled towards Sherlock’s room, clumsy and un-coordinated, unable to keep their hands off each other.
If she is going, then she'll go and there is nothing anyone can do to stop her. It was, after all, painfully obvious that she'd never be happy playing John Watson's housewife in the long run. So it's better this way.
“Right. Of course.” Does that mean that he did? Because Janine was seriously hot, and it would be perfectly understandable if Sherlock did go for it. Anyone would’ve. And it would be good to know that Sherlock isn’t completely averse to… Things like that. Although the thought makes him slightly sick.
"Fine.” John closes his eyes and counts to ten. Tries again. “Hey, Sherlock? Let's stay in. Instant noodles. My treat."
to tell me anything."
“Yeah,” he repeated slowly. “I’m very, very sure.”
“But hasn’t there been…anyone?” John suspected he was messing this up, but asking Sherlock straight out seemed impossible.
"It's nice," Sherlock says as he swallows his first bite of food. "The whatnots. In the food."
"Shut up." John could feel himself blushing.
"It's not on my top ten list of things to worry about, no."
"Honestly," John insists. "This considerate version of you is giving me the willies. I’m back now, we can go back to normal."
Certainly he would've been even more furious to find Sherlock there, lounging about (he needs to have this breakdown by himself), but his absence nevertheless irritates him.
"No, she doesn't, does she?" Sherlock sounds mildly interested.
"Mhm?" Sherlock was pouring over some journal he’d picked up from a used bookseller, which he and claimed that held fascinating data on beekeeping in the nineteenth century. Clearly, bees that had been dead for a hundred and fifty years held more interest than John did.
Somehow, it did. And it was driving John mad. The safe haven that was 221B felt claustrophobic, and he found himself avoiding going home, choosing instead to linger over paperwork at the clinic or stopping at Mrs. Hudson’s before braving the stairs to the flat.
“I told you what I expected of you, I told you why this was important to me, and in return you were rude and inconsiderate,” John told Sherlock. “You also highlighted that there isn’t much I could do to you that you wouldn’t just completely disregard. So I’m not going to give you a chore, I’m not going to make you sit on the naughty step, I’m not going to take any of your things away. You’re right. It wouldn’t work. So we’re dealing with this right here, right now.”
“In a hurry, are we?" Mycroft sounded distracted and not a bit interested. "Surely a few months don’t make much of a difference at this point.”
"Still okay?"
"Oh, whatever you want," Sherlock said, still not looking up. "They usually believe whatever tripe you feed them."
"John. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
John Watson might be cheating on his wife, but her betrayal is far worse.
“What was that?”
Sherlock had stopped pretending to be confused and now looked honestly confused. "You want to tell people because we…
"You're leaving tonight?"
“They were all horribly understanding, of course. It appears to be both obvious and perfectly understandable that I am a madman."
A hand in his hair was all the warning he got – he could feel a sudden increase of slickness in his mouth before he managed to pull off and jerk Sherlock through what looked like a fairly spectacular orgasm.
It is lovely, being held like this, but Sherlock is acutely aware that he still hasn’t touched John below the waist, and he is also aware that there are roughly 14 minutes until the decent will start and the lights will be turned on again.
John almost feels like he's a part of a puzzling crime scene and the thought feels arousing rather than disturbing - and isn't that typical of them?
Oh, god, oh, god, oh, god. His hips are pressed stupidly close to Sherlock and it wasn't a problem a few seconds a go, but now that he has realised, it's very, very quickly becoming a problem.
"I know that’s what you think, Sherlock," she says with a sad smile. "Why do you think I’m having these talks with you?"
"Not tonight," she says. "But soon."
And although they've often been in closer contact during the nights they've spent together, this feels different. Very different.
John could feel a smile tug at his lips.
John made quick work of the belt, the button, the flies. And he didn’t even hesitate, before tugging Sherlock’s trousers down, John-not-gay-Watson couldn’t wait to get his hands, lips, mouth on what was underneath.
“No,” John squeezes Sherlock’s hand. “No, I mean... Christ.” John fumbles for his hair. “I mean, you deserve better than this. I mean this wasn’t supposed to happen like this. But it was supposed to happen. It
They stared at each other for a few breaths, and then Sherlock reached out a hand. He slipped John’s button-up off his shoulders, and John allowed it to fall to the floor. He stepped closer to Sherlock and moved to unbutton his shirt.
"I know," she says. "I'm going. But this really is important to me, Sherlock. You and him. Happy."
"Here to say goodbye?" he says without looking at her.
Sherlock always follows him to bed. Sherlock, who hardly needs sleep, always goes to bed when John does, and stays there the whole night.
"Yeah, but most people don't know shit," said John. "Except maybe that you really can pull off a deerstalker, which is, I grant you, something of a superpower in this day and age."
But all of this this had been something that John knew on some basic level. Not something he'd thought about consciously or analysed.
“Friends apparently behave in all sorts of ways,” Sherlock says, and John’s fingers twitch a little, where they rest in the crease where Sherlock’s thigh meets his hip. Sherlock can feel himself give an answering twist and hates himself for it.
to be impersonal. No one does.”
John feels like he's drowning in Sherlock's smell and his closeness and why the hell does this feel more intimate than sharing a bed? They're wearing a lot more clothes than they do in bed, so this shouldn't be awkward. This shouldn't be tense. But damn it, it is.
And John is touching him. Like Sherlock’s something to be desired, something interesting.
Also - he really, really wants to, he thinks as he tugs Sherlock’s underwear down. He wants to know what Sherlock sounds like as John swallows him down, he wants to taste him, he wants to get to know every part of him.
. But not enough to find out. Not enough to ask Mycroft.
Maybe - John thought - maybe this urge had also something to do with the whole "husband" thing. He felt like he'd scammed his way to this hospital bed and he needed to keep up his cover so that no one would suspect him of trickery and look too closely into things.
John found himself running most things he wanted to say through some inner censor before saying it at all. There were fewer jokes, fewer nights in, fewer meals out. Everything felt a bit stilted, awkward, strange. Almost like it had back when Sherlock had returned from dead.
John thought back to the case, all those months before. The case that got them into this mess. When Sherlock suggested that they’d get married and John had laughed and gone along with it, no questions asked--that sort of thing suggested blind trust. It suggested complete ease in a relationship between two blokes. It suggested that nothing could rattle them.
He declined Mycroft's muttered offer of a DNA test. The girl bore John's name on her headstone.
He saw Sherlock's face close off. His featured hardly moved, but still - it was like someone had drawn the curtains. “I was drunk. Obviously you could see that there wasn't much sense in what I...”
“Sherlock?” His voice sounded distant to his own ears and he cleared his throat. “Should we move this to a bedroom?”
Handholding hadn't ever really been on their list of appropriate gestures. Except when handcuffed together on the run from the law, of course.
Surely everything was fine.
The situation remains clear as mud.
John is still trying to see clearly, but he knows he needs to do something other than twitch there on the bed. He needs to show Sherlock exactly what John thinks of him. Needs to show him just what a man like him deserves after such a performance.
He looks up at John, who has just retrieved Sherlock’s coat from the overhead compartment and draped it over his lap, giving them cover for… whatever John has in mind.
It had taken John a long while to realise how vulnerable his friend really was, but he knew that Sherlock was afraid of many things. He was afraid of being alone, of being abandoned. Afraid of people suspecting that he actually had feelings. Afraid of being vulnerable.
Sherlock nods, carefully.
“What’s that?”
“Mhm. Well. I did have excellent coaching throughout.”
“You seemed to think that I’d assume you’d somehow…” John fumbled for words. “That you’d somehow planned this? Despite knowing what would happen?”
"The laws do allow for foreigners to get married there without any difficulty," Mycroft continued.
To be fair, he hasn't ever been a great boyfriend. According to some people. His ex-girlfriends, mainly. Even Mary, who consented to marry him, often cheerfully told him that she was the one keeping the whole relationship going, and John had agreed with her.
In the morning, John finds Sherlock in the kitchen, building something that looks like a mechanic hand. Sherlock doesn’t say anything about the kiss, so John doesn’t say anything about the kiss, and the days start going by.
him not to be dead. He’s giving John what John
“Good night,” John says.
“What are you talking about?”
John Watson frowned at him. “Are you high or something?”
“…I was alright.”
“Great,” John says and pats him on the back. They’re really standing close to each other. That’s because of the umbrella. “We can go for a dinner first. I’m sure you don’t need five hours to make your hair pretty.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said, staring at John. “John, you are in my house.”
“You could fuck me,” Sherlock says.
He didn’t have a fucking clue what he was doing, and that was equally true about his life in general and about this very moment.
Sherlock certainly was wasting his time. He tugged at the collar of his black coat. The coat had unfortunately got a little wrinkled during his nap. He would have to take it to the dry cleaning. He walked to the window and opened it so that he could get some fresh air and maybe stop thinking about how great it would be to sink his fangs into John Watson’s neck and release the man of his blood.
Sherlock opens his mouth.
“I know,” Sherlock says. His voice comes out strange. He’s goddamn terrified and doesn’t want to think about why. Certainly John didn’t used to stand this close to him. He would remember it, if John had.
He has a chat with Mary Morstan at Tesco. She doesn’t recognise him. He’s oddly disappointed. Surely John has talked about him.
“So,” John said and cleared his throat, “if you aren’t going to kill me, what’re you going to do to me instead?”
“Yes, it is.”
,” Sherlock says, stroking his hair. “I know, John.”
“I have blood on my face.”
“Yeah,” John says and clears his throat. “…how long, exactly?”
“You told me last night, when we were having oral sex.”
“But I can learn. I want to. I had
“No,” Sherlock says, “I was in rehab.”
“Stop talking,” John says and presses his thumb against the front of Sherlock’s boxers. His penis. John is touching his penis through the layer of fabric. He can’t believe it. He can’t function. He can’t
“Don’t go,” Sherlock says and then realises immediately that wasn’t what he was supposed to say. “Come in. I’ll make tea. You can… you can sit, or…
, John pulls back and pushes in and then again and again, and they’re both panting, and Sherlock’s arms are trembling, and his knees are trembling, and his insides are trembling, and he wants to say things he doesn’t know, and it’s terrifying. “Alright,” John says and keeps fucking him, “you’re alright, we’re going to be alright, but you can’t do anything like that to me ever again, do you hear me, you just can’t, because it almost killed me, and I would’ve been glad, do you even realise, I would’ve been glad to die because I didn’t know what to do, and I –“ And then John groans, and it sounds absolutely stupid, but Sherlock groans too. It’s his prostate. John’s penis is rubbing against his prostate. That’s what this is. That’s why it feels like that.
“I didn’t
They do the reading. The script is only averagely interesting, but John makes everything better. The tiny things he does with his voice and with his face are better than magic, no, better than
“It’s not my fault what happened to
The next time he goes to John, the left side of his face is throbbing with pain and he has to lean against the wall to make sure he doesn’t fall over. Mary opens the door. He looks at her for two point five seconds and opens his mouth.
John opened his mouth and closed it again.
“You thought you’d never do anything like this?” he asks later, when he’s kind of lying on Sherlock. Sherlock is breathing hard, under him, but his hand stroking John’s back is steady. “Really?”
“You’re not a vampire.”
Sherlock steps back inside but leaves the door open. He hears John standing up slowly, like an old man. John is not an old man. It’s only been two years. And it wasn’t supposed to be, no, Sherlock was supposed to come back sooner. He thought he would call John after something like three months and say ‘hi, I’m back in London, sorry for leaving so suddenly but I’m here now, are you free tonight, I thought we could have dinner’.
“A drug addict,” Sherlock says, and then he comes and collapses onto the mattress. John pulls his hand away but his dick is still inside, so he goes with Sherlock in a mess of limbs and skin. For a second, he presses his cheek against the skin between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. It’s warm and damp and it feels like the most human thing he’s ever touched.
John stared at her.
“…do you want me to feel bad that I didn’t come running for you when you texted me?”
“Like, killing people.”
And John wasn’t going to give up without trying. He liked Sherlock and Sherlock liked him. Sometimes he managed to make a joke that made Sherlock laugh. They didn’t fight about cleaning up the kitchen too much. This wasn’t only the most confusing relationship he had even been in, this was also the best relationship. He wanted to be around Sherlock all the time. He liked having sex with Sherlock, he liked kissing Sherlock, and all in all, he thought they had a pretty good chance at growing old together, if only Sherlock didn’t kill him first. Except apparently Sherlock wasn’t going to
“It’s not official yet,” John says, “I know. But we’re getting the divorce. We haven’t signed the papers yet but it’s real already. I’m living in a half-empty house. I’m… Well, I’m living in a trailer now.” John breathes out and almost smiles for a second. Sherlock stares at the corners of John’s mouths. He used to know all John’s smiles. He catalogued them in his mind, which was a bit not good, probably. “I haven’t missed living in a trailer,” John says. “But it’s better than living in that house.”
“I thought maybe you had left,” Sherlock says. John is drunk, drunker than he can remember John being in any of the premieres they’ve been in before.
“Stop saying these things,” John says, but he doesn’t sound like he means it, and he hasn’t moved away.
The robot smiled. The smile didn’t look genuine, but then again, it was a robot.
The interviewer frowns. “This is actually a family program, so –“
“So,” Sherlock cuts in, his voice coming out too thick but there’s nothing he can do about that now, “
, just so he could watch Sherlock looking mysterious like a modern vampire while sitting in their living room and talking to John about tobacco ashes.
“Yeah,” John says and clears his throat. Then he sighs and settles down on the mattress, next to Sherlock. “So, I told her.”
He kisses Sherlock and it’s so much better than any of the kisses they’ve shared in front of the camera.
“It’s not.” John is smiling now. It’s not a happy smile, but it’s something. “Porn is definitely not a reliable source. But we’ll be alright. I’m a doctor. I just…”
“You could’ve made yourself just a, I don’t know,
Sherlock sat down in the armchair across from John. He was still wearing the coat. Maybe he didn’t realise he hadn’t taken it off. His eyes were fixed on John and his mouth was a straight line.
“Sherlock,” John says, sounding afraid now, and hasty, and… “Sherlock,” and it’s not how Sherlock wants John to say his name but it’s close enough. He touches the front of John’s boxers. John has an erection. That’s probably good. “Listen,” John says, “Sherlock, listen to me. I’m not angry. Or I am but I… I’ll forgive you. You were trying to save me. I
“No,” Sherlock said and then blinked. “Yes. Maybe. Not intentionally, but I hadn’t expected to find a human sitting in my living room, smelling so good.”
John bit his lip. “Sherlock –“
“What?” John asks. He doesn’t try to tug his hand free.
“I’m not going to eat him,” Sherlock said.
“Of course not,” John said, breathing out, “
John breathes in and out. “What?”
“So I’ve heard,” Sherlock said. He was looking a bit worried now. “John? What’s wrong?”
“How about –“
John places his hand on Sherlock’s arm and keeps it there. “Sherlock –“
“Of course not.”
John shakes his head.
“Yes, you can.”
John bit his lip. He threw the paper towels away and helped Sherlock to free his feet from the stirrups. Sherlock grabbed his shoulder and sat up on the table, and he placed his hand on Sherlock’s back. Just for a second, just for support.
“You should fix that.”
“You didn’t like it, then.”
John thinks about telling her that they aren’t together, Sherlock and him. Not in that sense of the word. They kissed once. It hasn’t happened again, even though for a second back then John thought Sherlock was going to kiss him back. “He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me,” John tells Mrs. Hudson. Sometimes he thinks his life only began when he met Sherlock.
Oh, right, maybe he wasn’t going to die after all. Maybe he was going to come. Yeah, that was probably it. But he also felt light in the head. He had never tried drugs but he supposed it felt something like this. And Sherlock was kissing his throat,
doing that. But you’re not a vampire.”
“But,” John says again, his voice shaking slightly, “not in the way you probably think. You’re very important to me, Sherlock, but I…”
“Yeah, I do,” Sherlock says. He doesn’t know what to say after that, and maybe John doesn’t either. They drink their tea in silence. Sherlock thinks it’s a different kind of a silence than what they used to have in Baker Street. This one is sadder and feels more dangerous. In Baker Street, Sherlock used to feel like the silence between them stretched out like an invisible safety net: he could jump and it would hold him. Sometimes it was very difficult not to try.
“We can’t,” John says, holding the cup. He doesn’t look Sherlock in the eyes.
“Yes, please,” Sherlock said, walked to the sofa and sat down. “Make yourself a cup, too.”
“Yes. I’ll tell Mike that I’m treating you. I just fucking hope he doesn’t ask question, because this doesn’t make much sense and he’s not stupid.”
“I’ll make you breakfast in the morning,” John says. “We can talk then. Okay?”
“I’ll wash you,” Sherlock says and then does exactly that. And after, when John feels like he’s been hard for half of his life and can’t take another second, Sherlocks drags him into his bedroom and gets the white sheets wet because neither of them bothered with a towel, and pulls John onto him and places the lube in John’s hand and undoes the lid when John just stares at it, and then holds John’s hand and helps John push a finger inside. John tells Sherlock there’s no rush. Sherlock says he’s thirty-four years old and he never thought he’d do anything like this and he doesn’t have the fucking patience. He never swears, so John kisses him and stops himself from coming and pushes the second finger into Sherlock, and then, a bit too soon but Sherlock is tugging at his arms and hissing at him now, he settles between Sherlock’s legs and pushes in.
“What’s wrong?” John asked, but Sherlock barely heard him. The smell was bad enough. Surely John didn’t have to parade his veins right in front of Sherlock’s face. It would be so easy to take John’s hand and press his mouth against the crook of John’s elbow…
kissed you. Obviously that wasn’t wanted, so I apologise. I’m not going to do that again. Unless you –“
John breathed in. “I haven’t done it before.”
love story, but that’s just what makes it great. Because people don’t usually… Real life isn’t about big gestures. Real life is about… about finding someone you care about so much that you can’t even explain it. Even if he’s a dick sometimes.”
John breathed in. Oh, god, he was going to do this, and he was going to be professional about it, and then never think about it again. “Maybe it’s better that you take everything off.”
“Thinking with your dick.”
John took a very deep breath. If this was about Mike’s cousin who apparently was
“Do you want me to go?”
“What? Why?”
, Sherlock was
After they finally stop shooting for the day, Sherlock and John eat pizza in Sherlock’s trailer and then sit on the flowery sofa side by side and drink tea. John is quieter than usually and Sherlock feels the need to fill the gaps the way he never felt before. But then again,
“Yeah,” Sherlock says and clears his throat. “I need a shower.”
“Yeah.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said, eyeing him. “So, can I do it or not?”
He walked around the last corner and stopped at Sherlock’s door. It was just like any other door, only the plate said
“What is it?” John asked. “Really? Because if you tell me there’s been another accident…”
“He knows we’re having sex,” he says to the box of milk.
“Please, stop,” John said and then got even more worried, when Sherlock actually stopped talking. “I don’t want to know about
“Yeah,” Sherlock says and pulls up the collar of his coat.
“I can’t turn you into a vampire,” Sherlock said. “It doesn’t happen like that.”
John stared at him for a few more seconds and then left.
“Really?” Sherlock asked, walking in and glancing around. “And what are you planning to do with me here, cut me open?”
John put his cup of tea on the counter, because his hand had started shaking. “Sherlock –“
He made John mourn for him. That’s not something that can be brushed off. He tries to hide that he doesn’t understand, but she sees it anyway.
John nods. He doesn’t really think that these things are connected, of course not, that would be crazy. That would be like something that could happen in a science-fiction novel. This isn’t science fiction, this is John’s
“…another reason?”
“No,” Sherlock said and threw the last fox into the pile. He was starting to feel a bit dizzy.
At least John glances at him now. “Sherlock –“
when he walks to John in the park where John is sitting on a bench, staring at nothing.
“Have you even…” John breathes in. “You’ve had sex before.”
“You don’t remember?”
“Exactly like that,” John says and then goes quiet, while they watch the clip. Sherlock glances at John. Before the interview, John met Sherlock outside the studio and said he hadn’t slept too well yesterday. He looks good, though. He looks incredibly good. And he hugged Sherlock before the producer appeared at the door and asked them to come inside.
vampire. Of course not. Because they aren’t real. What I meant was that he… he likes my blood.”
“Well, it’s not broken,” John says.
“I know that,” Sherlock says, almost managing to sound like he means it. “I
“What am
“He had to cut off the swearing, though,” Sherlock says.
“We’re going to grow tired of each other sometimes, but we’re going to love each other anyway,” John says. “Every day, we’re going to choose to be at each other’s side.”
“What?” he asks, then clears his throat, because he sounds nervous and he hates it. “What?” he tries again.
“I don’t want to try,” Sherlock says, looking at John’s hands. “I liked that cottage in Cornwall.”
“That’s fucked up,” John said. “I’m going to move my finger in and out.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said.
The therapist nodded.
“Alright,” Sherlock says without a blink.
Mike sighed. “It’s just that Sherlock’s not… functioning properly. One of the programmers checked the code but there seems to be nothing wrong with it. She suggested that maybe it’s… medical.”
“Don’t move,” John says, leans closer and kisses him.
“No.”
“If you say that you didn’t find anything wrong with me, they’re going to make me see the psychiatrist. And then when the psychiatrist tells them he can’t fix me, they’re going to reprogram me, because they won’t know what else to do with me.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “Kiss. Have sex. Get married.”
asking him the same question? “No, I’m not high. I didn’t even touch you.”
“Well,” John says slowly, “people are writing fanfiction about us.”
“Have you seen Sherlock?” Mike asked.
“Hey,” John says after a while. “Where’s your laptop? Maybe we could see if the interview from yesterday is on the internet.”
“Don’t thank me yet.”
“I’m going to have more wine,” John says. “Sherlock?”
“Go ahead,” Sherlock says, trying to get a subtle glance at himself in the mirror. Maybe the shirt would look more casual if he opened one more button.
“Sorry.”
“I wasn’t
” Sherlock asks. He sounds genuinely surprised for a second, then he groans.
“How was it?” Sherlock asked. He was standing on the sofa, fiddling with the sleeve of his white dress shirt. “I was using a kissing technique that was popular in the 1920’s in Paris.”
“I didn’t mean that,” Molly says. Her voice is all serious. John looks at Sherlock, who rubs the dead man’s foot with his thumb and then sniffs the thumb.  “I meant… I just think you should be careful. With, you know, your… your heart.”
“I was so angry at you,” John says, pauses, breathes in. “I
Sherlock bites his lip. “No, I mean… Did you like it, when I…”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. His own voice sounds wrong. Maybe John will think it’s because of the pain. The physical pain. “Well, I’m fine,” he adds. A lie. Certainly John will notice.
“What year is it?” he asked John Watson.
, it’s just… I’m a
John glanced behind his shoulder. The man seemed to be doing well without his adenoids. That was good. What wasn’t so good was that the door to the robot’s cabin was now open and John was already here, so there was no way he could turn back now.
“What do people do, then?”
Sherlock opens his mouth.
The coat was heavy to hold. John pushed his left arm into a sleeve, and then the right arm, and then he breathed deeply. The coat was far too long for him, almost touching the floor, which was bad, because John couldn’t remember the last time when they had vacuumed the flat. He touched the front of the coat, fiddled with the buttons, lifted up the collar, brushed the fabric with his knuckles, and then pushed his both hands into the pockets.
“John doesn’t think so.”
“Yeah,” John says, “yeah, I know. Sherlock –“
, and the man smelled
“A lot of
she?”
“Oh?” his therapist said, sounding surprised. Maybe that was usually John usually spent the sixty minutes of expensive therapy trying not to say anything personal.
“I’m not going to show this to the camera, because this
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Yes, definitely. I wanted to kiss you, not to bite you.”
Sherlock is holding John’s face in between his hands. His fingers are warm. John can’t remember ever feeling anything as wonderful as that. He remembers having sex, of course, he remembers kissing people, but in his memories, it’s all black and white. Unlike this.
“Sorry,” John says, not making sense at all. He kneels down and starts picking up the shards.
Sherlock’s technique involved a surprising amount of teeth. But it worked.
“Yes, I would,” Sherlock said, frowning furiously. “I thought you had noticed.”
“Stop what, John?”
“…really?”
“I said I was sorry.”
“Hiking,” John says and smiles at the interviewer, “he starts hiking. In Cornwall. Because that’s where they are.”
“So, you two know each other already, don’t you,” says the producer, Mike-something, forty-two years old, has two kids, collects stamps. Sherlock was so painfully bored one evening that he googled the man.
“…are you licking me?”
John glances at him sharply.
Sherlock shakes his head.
“But then I thought, maybe I’ve got it wrong,” John says, and there it is, he
They kissed a little later. Mycroft was crying again, John’s therapist was writing something on her notebook, and Sherlock didn’t look like he wanted to eat John anymore. Now, he looked like he was in love with John.
“Right,” John said but took the key when Mycroft put it in his hand. Mycroft’s fingers were very cold, but maybe that was just his personality.
“And fall in love,” John says.
“I’ll give you something for the pain,” John says and puts a glass of water into Sherlock’s hands, then touches Sherlock’s mouth with his thumb and puts two pills on his tongue. He swallows and John helps him to drink. It’s not helping, John’s fingers in his mouth, it’s not helping at all. He might be dreaming all this.
“I can get some.”
“…what?”
“No, I told you,” John said, “I rented this from a man called Mycroft… oh my god, his name was Mycroft Holmes. Is he your father or something?”
Three weeks and two days after Barts, it happens for the first time. He’s in Riga. The only thing he later remembers about the dream is the ending. He empties a glass of water and goes back to sleep.
“Okay,” John says. His voice is still steady, but somehow he doesn’t sound happy.
” Sherlock asks. There’s something intense about the way John is looking at him.
“Of course we were friends.”
Sherlock swallows. “Don’t you want to –“
it was to wake up and realise you were gone –“
And then
Sherlock bit his lip. “A while.”
And then a human.
decide what I want, and maybe I wanted a chance to
Sherlock opens his eyes and turns his head at John, which leads to bumping his nose against John’s. John swallows. His head is resting on Sherlock’s shoulder and arm. A few inches down, and his nose would be in Sherlock’s armpit. Sherlock is very happy he took a shower this morning.
Sherlock shakes his head. There’s something odd about John’s voice.
“You don’t have to,” John says now, closing the door behind himself as he steps over the threshold.
“He really is,” Sherlock says. “When he looks at the camera, you think you can see what he’s thinking. It’s in his eyes
He nods. He can feel John’s thigh pressing lightly against his.
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at John. John seems a bit nervous but still determined. “More tea?”
“Our characters, yeah,” John says, not exactly looking at him. “And having sex. These people are very creative.”
John bit his lip. He would think about the robot later. “Good night,” he said and left the sickbay.
“Sorry,” John said, looking away from Sherlock. He started taking off the coat and his arm got stuck in the sleeve. “
“I don’t know. What people do.”
“I’m sorry, “John said and walked to Sherlock. Sherlock took a step back. He was staring at John with wide eyes, and when John stepped into his personal space, he seemed to hold his breath. Well, that was odd. But Sherlock did odd things all the time. That was one of the reasons why John liked him so much. “I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John said and took Sherlock’s hand. “I really think you’re great.”
John breathes out and removes himself from Sherlock’s reach, pulls his shirt off Sherlock’s grip, too. Sherlock didn’t even realise he was still holding onto the fabric. The room is too quiet, he can hear himself breathing.
“Yeah,” John says and nods at the onions. “I’ll finish this. And Sherlock?”
“John?”
“Do you want me to pull out?”
He stares at John who’s wearing the silly 80’s outfit and who wants to kiss him because this is a romantic comedy, and
“Stop it,” John says.
“…what?” Sherlock asks again, facing John. He feels caught between the kitchen counter of his tiny trailer and John’s body. There’s nowhere he can go. Or maybe there’s nowhere he
“Yes.”
“Sherlock,” John says and takes Sherlock’s hand. He’s smiling. “
“Good night, Sherlock,” John says and hangs up.
It was right there. And it was just a coat.
to… to…”
angry, or at least he’s
“Not this part. Well, I mean, I have watched porn. Not much, though. It’s
He had slept for sixty-five years. He had slept for
“No, that’s just what people think sex is,” Sherlock said, “social constructions around –“ And then he made a noise that couldn’t be described as anything else than a whimper. John stilled his finger. He had brushed it against Sherlock’s prostate only barely, as lightly as he could.
was the one who listened through the door while John was wanking and then made vague comments afterwards. It was irritating and weird and made John wonder what the hell was wrong with his life, but also it made wanking so, so,
“Oh,” Sherlock said and then knelt up, hovering over John until John managed to push his boxers to his thighs. He kicked them off and dropped onto the floor, and then he realised Sherlock was staring at his dick.
The corridor is quiet after the door closes again. Sherlock can hear himself breathing. The stab wound hurts. He barely feels it.
John looked him in the eyes. “Come on. Tell me.”
“You want to leave me,” Sherlock says in an icy voice. “That’s why you’re being so weird. You’re watching me and wondering how to say it to me. Well, you don’t have to wonder anymore. I figured it out myself. Maybe you forgot that I’m incredibly clever. But, tell me, what is it? Why now? What did you find out?”
“Yes, I know, “Sherlock says and sighs. “John, you aren’t in love with me.”
John glanced at his palm. The scar was red but not infected. “It’s fine. It didn’t even hurt much. When you… drank from me.”
“…why is it obvious?”
, Sherlock, that’s…”
“…Sherlock?”
“You don’t know that. You’re only mediocrely clever. Your knowledge of things is quite… modest.”
“But I never like it. And you’re much better at talking to people than I am, anyway.”
“It’s the weirdest thing you’ve done this whole week,” John said. “And I’m used to you bringing parts of dead people into our home. But this was different. This was… you were… you were
“Anyway,” Mycroft said, “since you haven’t killed John Watson yet, maybe you could put him into use. That was the reason I gave him to you. I thought you might need someone to tell you how the world works. After you woke up, I mean.”
Thank you so much for hanging out with me in outer space! See you on
Okay, so, John didn’t have a fucking clue what was going on anymore. “You were holding hands with a
John –“
“Sorry,” Sherlock says, “I’m sorry, I really am, I… I don’t know how to apologise properly. I’m not good at this kind of things.”
“I suppose people are complaining,” the robot said.
Sherlock opened his mouth, blinked at John and closed his mouth again. Then he slowly withdrew his fingers from where they had been entangled with the hand’s.
certainly doesn’t believe him. Probably wouldn’t do it even if he thought John meant it, but he knows John doesn’t mean it, and John knows that too, so they’re both pretending. Eventually Sherlock wanders back to downstairs and John drifts off and dreams about using hands that aren’t his.
“You were my
John stares at him. Of course he’s sure. Of course he’s sure that he loves Sherlock, only… how could he tell?
A sex robot. Right? You could’ve made me stupid and easy to handle and I would’ve never realised anything was wrong.”
, sitting at the table across from Sherlock, and he keeps
John pushes him down by the shoulders.
“It’s just an appointment,” John said, looking at the nurse, who was doing a bad job at trying not to smile. “A
John swallowed.
Then he remembers.
John Watson stared right back at Sherlock. Sherlock realised vaguely that unlike most of his species, John Watson hadn’t yet started either bargaining or begging for his life. That was interesting.
John opens the door.
“No, you aren’t, you fucking bastard,” John says, tugging his wrists but not hard enough to actually make Sherlock let go of him. He doesn’t want that. If Sherlock lets go of him, he’s going to disappear. “I should hit you. Or something.”
“Oh,” John says and takes a deep breath, “yeah. I’ll introduce you.” It turns out Sherlock has heard the women’s names before, only he can’t remember where. From what John is saying he supposes they are both actresses. He just hopes John isn’t planning to fall in love with either of them. Or both. That would be terrible. But John is single now, a strikingly handsome single film star. He could do something like that. He’s allowed. He’s…
“Yes,” John Watson said firmly. “Are you sure you aren’t high? Because I’m a doctor, and you seem a little bit –“
“John,” Sherlock said and kept nipping John’s neck. During the past week, John had quickly discovered that Sherlock was a big fan of making love bites.
“You got stabbed,” John says, which has absolutely nothing to do with anything. It’s infuriating. Sherlock wants to get up from the chair, walk up to John, grab his shirt and - - and not let go until John does something. Anything. “You got
“Yeah,” John says, rubbing his temples with his thumbs, “yeah, I remember. Some of it is a little bit… I hope I didn’t do anything stupid.”
Well, he didn’t actually say
, of course I’m not… do you want me to stop?”
You weren’t supposed to be
John says, tilting his chin up and looking Sherlock in the eyes. “
“Well, compared to
“Why the hell wouldn’t I?”
“Well, the premiere is in two days,” John says. “If this movie is good, everyone is going to want you. Just like after that Tom Hardy movie. You’re going to get busy.”
Sherlock says, “is obviously in love with you. So, sex feels like a logical outcome. Although I wouldn’t know where to start.”
John nodded. “And you are…”
were in love. In the movie. They were a bit disappointed when we didn’t kiss, so they started writing it.”
Sherlock glances at John. John glances at him. The light is too bright, the top button of his collar presses against his throat, and he can smell the interviewer’s cologne. At least he gets sit next to John.
“Nothing yet,” Sherlock said. He sounded confused.
I told you.”
Mike nodded, looking away. “Well, anyway, could you possibly examine it? Sherlock, I mean? Please?”
“I don’t want you to start worrying about the age difference.”
He’s tired, he really should go to sleep. The idea that he actually killed someone is slowly getting through to him, but too slowly perhaps, because there’s no hint of remorse. He’s just happy Sherlock is alive. He’s so happy that he places his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, and when Sherlock keeps staring at him, he pulls Sherlock closer and kisses him.
“Yes,” the therapist said. “And I’m very sorry to say this, but we’re running out of time. John, I really hope you come back next week. I’m also going to give you a number you can call any time. Just in case.”
“On our table.”
“You don’t know that.”
slightly surprised that he’s still alive.”
“…coffin?”
“Well, leaving me without a word sure as hell was a good way to not lose me,” John says, but his voice lacks bite.
“Of course not,” Sherlock says.
doing?” the human added.
It was just a nap, but when Sherlock woke up, someone had nailed his coffin shut.
John looks terrified. “For saying too much at once. And maybe for –“
John wasn’t sure if he believed Sherlock or not. Maybe Sherlock just didn’t want John to be a vampire. Maybe Sherlock thought John was too short.
John swallowed. “I suppose they are. And you, you… you work here, so –“
“Hello, Sherlock,” John says and stops at the other side of the table. They’re supposed to sit down at this table and read their parts. Sherlock isn’t exactly sure he can talk at the moment. Maybe he could text his agent and claim that he suddenly lost his voice. Summer flu can be a tricky thing. He thinks about it and then remembers it’s October. Autumn flu, then.
John. The alternative is unbearable.
So, he wasn’t interested in Sherlock. Not sexually. Or romantically. Sherlock was very handsome in a posh way, infuriatingly tall, and had a sense of humour that was so odd John sometimes wondered if the things Sherlock said weren’t a joke after all. Sherlock was maddening and fascinating, and if John had been gay, he certainly would have been interested in Sherlock. But he wasn’t, so he wasn’t. He didn’t think about kissing Sherlock at all, and he certainly didn’t wonder what it would be like to have sex with Sherlock. Odd, probably. But nice. In an odd way. In a nice, odd way. Sherlock would be bossy but clumsy, and John would be patient and gentle and it would be great. He didn’t know much about gay sex, and he only watched gay porn sometimes because it was hot, but he knew enough, and he was sure he could find out what Sherlock liked in bed.
“You said they were bad.”
“John –“
“Yes. But I need my…”
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
“I know,” the nurse said. “Mike told me.” She walked through the door and then glanced over her shoulder. “Good luck.”
Sherlock presses his face against the pillow. He can’t. He just can’t. He’s already shaking, he’s already making noises he wasn’t planning to make, he can’t touch himself with John
“Like that,” Molly says.
He made rational decisions. He even had a therapist.
exactly Sherlock wanted to do, but he supposed he would find out soon enough. As long as it would end with him getting off, he’d be fine.
“How much he thinks there’s going to be blood?” he asked Sherlock.
“You said
“Okay,” Sherlock says and breathes out. He was so jealous. He can still remember the feeling, maybe because he’s jealous even now. He’s jealous of Mary Morstan, who got to marry John and have a child with John and share a life with John almost one and a half years. “…do you miss her?” Sherlock asks, even though he doesn’t want to know.
“I’m a bloody good doctor,” John said. “Can you just… not smile at me?”
The robot sighed.
“And what the hell was that,” John said, “that you went to sleep in 1945? Was that a joke? You can’t be much over thirty.”
“Sit down,” John said.
“When we met for the first time,” John says slowly, his eyes going back and forth on Sherlock’s face, “I thought you’d be some kind of a posh bastard who didn’t give a fuck about what anyone else thinks. And you
“Come,” John said. “Now. For me.”
“You and me,” John said, petting Sherlock’s hair, “we’re a fucking mess. But it’s not your fault. Maybe you could’ve tried a little harder to tell me you’re a vampire, but I kind of understand why you didn’t. And what happened yesterday, that was an accident. You don’t owe me anything. Not blowjobs.”
But being in John’s flat doesn’t make him feel closer to John. It also doesn’t help him figure out how to make John talk to him again. He’s been in London for two weeks, and John hasn’t answered his texts.
He hasn’t seen John in two years.
“He’s listening to us,” Sherlock says, “through the door.”
“Yes.”
John makes them toast and then comes to the living room and passes one of the plates to Sherlock before fetching his tea. Sherlock looks at him. He sits down on his armchair, leaves the cup of tea on the side table, crosses his legs and balances the plate on his knee. He looks like he doesn’t think this is weird at all. It’s almost as if neither of them never left.
John blinks. “Yeah. Yeah, of course. So, you want me to…”
After the thirty years’ war. Back then, he had looked at the street and wondered if everyone had gone mad. Exactly like now.
“Rid of it?” Sherlock asked and blinked. “Why would we do that?”
“I’m not going to leave.”
“I know,” Sherlock says and leans against John’s shoulder. “My legs appear to be a bit unsteady at the moment. Would you help me to the sofa?”
“…but you’re worried about something.”
“Why don’t I remember that?”
“I know where he is,” Mycroft said and grimaced. “He’s sitting at the window, trying to catch a pigeon so that he wouldn’t need to leave you to go hunt properly. It’s disgusting. He’s always like that when he’s in love.”
Sherlock opens his mouth and then closes it again. He looks at John’s hand on his thigh, then at John’s face, then at the laptop. There, he’s smiling at John and he looks happier than he remembers ever feeling.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said but didn’t pull back. “You just smell so good.”
thought it was nice. You smelled good, and you put your head in the right angle, and you didn’t push your tongue into my mouth, and you –“
For a few seconds it was quiet in the room expect for their panting and the sound of Sherlock slamming into John again. Then Sherlock cleared his throat. “I guess I’d just… I’d hold you down against the mattress and… John, you don’t want to hear this.”
He opens the door.
Sherlock realises that the water is boiling. He pours it in two cups and lets the tea brew.
“I love him,” John said to Mycroft. He felt about as brave as in Afghanistan, and twice as stubborn. Back there, being brave and stubborn had gotten him shot in the shoulder. He wondered what was going to happen now. “I don’t know why, but I love him,” he told Mycroft.
Sherlock clears his throat. So, that was the wrong thing to say. Of course it was. Everything is the wrong thing to say. “But it looks good. It looks good on you. And it’s perfectly normal that you have grey in your hair. You are forty-one, John.”
Now, his therapist was sitting in the front row of the church. Next to her, Sherlock’s mother was whispering something to Mycroft, who was crying into a napkin.
“You really don’t need to –“
“Yes,” John said. He wasn’t sure. “I’m sure.”
, Sherlock thinks,
Sherlock closed the door behind him.
“You’re an idiot, if you think that I’m not lonely,” John says. “I love Rosie, I love her, but it’s not the same. I miss you.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says, “I don’t know much about this. Having intimate relations with someone. I’ve seen other people do it, just…”
“…so, he was a snack.”
“We aren’t just two people who happened to work together for this movie,” John says and clears his throat. “Anyway, I’m sure the interview’s going to be fine. What’re you doing now?”
Sherlock licks his lips. John wats to kiss him.
“What’s wrong?” John asks over the phone.
“Sherlock,” he said when they had been kissing for about fifteen minutes and Sherlock’s knee was brushing against his crotch with every kiss. He wasn’t exactly sure how they had ended up lying on the sofa, but he didn’t mind. “Sherlock,” he tried again, when Sherlock stopped kissing him on the mouth and nipped the skin on his throat instead.
“…what kind of dreams?”
“I know,” John says, looking at him. “Trust me, I know. I just… are you hungry?”
Possibly. Probably, because that really was the only explanation at this point. So, Sherlock was a goddamn
“Yeah, me too,” the therapist said, still looking baffled.
“Nothing? Seems like a waste of time, then.”
“It’s in his eyes, really,” Sherlock says. “I saw it when I watched the movie the second time. He looks at you like he’s silently in love with you and doesn’t know what to do about it.”
There’s a sharp pang of pain and then, nothing.
” John asks, and then a thought hits him. He pulls back just enough to let Sherlock breathe. “You haven’t had sex before.”
. Mary Morstan is her name. She’s John’s secretary at the clinic. Now, she’s also John’s girlfriend. John sleeps every other night at her apartment. John is there right now, and that’s why Sherlock can sneak into the bedroom in the empty flat and sit down on the edge of John’s bed.
“We could,” he said and cleared his throat. “I wouldn’t mind.”
“Sherlock,” John says, standing so close to him that he has his back against the wall again. “You have to
“Yes?” Sherlock asked, shifting on the chair so that he was facing John now. It was intimidating, to be the whole focus of Sherlock Holmes’ gaze.
“John,” Sherlock said, sitting on the edge of the table. “I need to ask you to do something for me.”
He cleared his throat. “Did you want to do this in the bathroom?”
“My hair is fine,” Sherlock says again and touches his hair. Then John starts walking and Sherlock has to follow him to stay under the umbrella.
John overhears Sherlock arguing with Mycroft over the phone. He can’t make sense of what Sherlock is saying but thinks it’s about him. Later, he googles Mycroft and it takes him half of the day to go through all of it. There’s a lot of Mycroft on the internet but none of it actually
“I’m fine,” he says, looking into Sherlock’s eyes.
“Yes, he was,” Sherlock says pointedly.
“Yeah.” He breathed out. “I don’t really know how to say it.”
John makes an appointment with a doctor. But when the day comes, Sherlock needs his assistance with what turns out to be the dullest case they have ever had. He spends the whole day watching dogs in a park in Bristol. The supposed victim turns out to have gone on a holiday instead of having been kidnapped and killed. On the way back home, John says he should make another appointment and Sherlock asks him what he thinks about getting a dog.
“Yes.”
“John,” Mrs. Hudson says. “He’s in my kitchen, drinking tea. Says he’s not going to come up to see you. I don’t know what you’re fighting about, Sherlock, but surely this is getting ridiculous. Is it because you died? Or don’t you like Mary? I know it’s difficult for you, but he’s your friend, so you should try  - - “ And there Mrs. Hudson’s voice fades into the background noise again. Sherlock stands up. John is downstairs, Mrs. Hudson said so, John is here, and there’s less than twenty percent chance that John actually came to see Mrs. Hudson, so John is probably here for Sherlock. But he’s not coming up. So, Sherlock should go down to see him, right?
“Not that.”
“Are you
“What the fuck are you doing?” John asks, still squeezing his fist. Or holding his hand.
, Sherlock, not when I’m
It was a quiet day at the sickbay, which wasn’t good, because John had plenty of time to think about what he would do later. Mike asked him if he was alright and he said he had slept poorly, which was true anyway. He had barely slept at all and he refused to think that it was because he was nervous about the robot. He told Mike that he couldn’t talk because he was busy trying to catalogue the supply closet and excused himself. Sadly, Mike followed him to the closet.
Sherlock takes his cup of tea and opens the door. The curtains in John’s trailer are closed. The light is off. It’s almost as if John’s not there at all, but where else could John be? They’re filming in location in a distant village in Cornwall. There’s nothing around in here.
“You can watch,” Sherlock said. “I appreciate your distress, but it’s pointless.”
“Great,” Mike said, “because Molly asked –“
” John asked.
“Sherlock,” John says now. The light is dimmer. John’s hands aren’t on Sherlock anymore, they’re in John’s pockets. John has taken off the gloves and washed his hands. “We’re finished here,” John says.
“No.”
“I didn’t think you’d care that much.”
He’s not sure John would believe him. He’s almost sure John would leave anyway.
“From –“
Or are they just… wires connecting?”
The therapist looked slightly confused.
Sherlock takes John’s penis in his mouth.
He had…
John opens his mouth.
“I want you to stay.”
“And do you, Sherlock Holmes, take this man, John Watson, to be your lawfully wedded –“
“…what?”
“What?” John asked, thinking about sex. Sherlock wanted to have sex with him. Sherlock was in his bed, at night, sitting on him and talking about sex, which meant that Sherlock wanted to have sex with him. “Yeah,” he said. It was so dark in the room that he could barely see Sherlock’s face. “Yeah, alright, I want to have sex with you.”
are excited too,” the interviewer says, “because tonight, there’s a premiere of
a few months ago,” John says in a quiet voice. “I was alone in my house, didn’t know what to do with myself, and it was on television. We looked so young.”
“We have…” John waves his hand. “I don’t know. Something. A lot. At least we used to.”
“So,” John said slowly, “is the other bedroom yours?”
“Of course it isn’t,” John says, then blinks in surprise. He sounds angry. He takes a deep breath and tries to concentrate. “It’s not your fault.
“Anyway,” John said, trying to make his voice steady and failing, “
Sherlock blinked. “What?”
“John, dear, your tea is getting cold,” Mrs. Hudson says.
In the morning, Mary is there in the flat again, making breakfast and talking to Sherlock about a book club. John is quiet and doesn’t look either of them in the eyes. Sherlock can’t stop looking at John’s hands.
“I’m going to start with something simple.”
Now the therapist looked shocked. Maybe even a little too shocked.
Oh, god, he had his hands in Sherlock’s pockets. He was wearing Sherlock’s coat and he had his hands in Sherlock’s pockets, which was where Sherlock kept his hands, sometimes. There was something in the left pocket… a handkerchief, which was gross, but then again, it was Sherlock’s handkerchief, and John had built very high tolerance for Sherlock’s gross things. Maybe that was because they were living together. It was almost as if they were in a very weird relationship, in which John nagged at Sherlock for not cleaning the kitchen and also didn’t mind touching Sherlock’s handkerchiefs.
“I don’t breathe.”
“What’re you doing?” he asks.
“No,” Mike said, “no, I’m scared of what he’s going to say. I can’t handle any more truths about my life right now. It’s better that you do it.” And then he sighed and smiled, and for a second John thought he would say something absolutely mad, like insist that John and the robot might like each other. That was definitely Mike’s
John swallowed. Oh,
“Oh,” the interviewer says, “thank you for reminding us, John. We actually have a clip from the movie. In this clip, you two have gone hiking and you, John, are trying to catch up with Phil, who of course has longer legs than you do.”
Sherlock breathes in. “You –“
without Sherlock, not anymore. But what if he chopped onions again and cut his hand and Sherlock would kill him in their kitchen?
“Piss off,” the robot said. It was pacing around at impressive speed considering that the cabin was incredibly small, much smaller than John’s, and John barely had space to do push-ups on the floor.
“You don’t have to.”
Firstly, the reason why it had been so difficult to get out of his coffin was that someone had built a floor over it.
“Your blood circulation is very loud.”
“Am I,” Sherlock said in a thin voice. He sounded like he really needed to come.
“I’m not tired,” John says and realises he’s tired.
. Under-stimulated.”
at you, Sherlock. But also… What I said about kissing you today, I didn’t… It was weird. It was so weird, being in front of cameras and kissing someone you actually care about.”
Sherlock opens his mouth and closes it again.
a fucking stalker, I just… I don’t know what I was doing. I thought you’d call me.”
He saw Sherlock’s throat jump. “Okay. I’d… I’d hold your chin with one hand and press your shoulders down with the other, so you can’t move when I… It stings at first, so that’s why I’d have to hold you down, but it doesn’t hurt for long, it’s not too bad, only of course you may die.”
“I’m going to lose everything,” Sherlock said, looking him in the eyes. “All my data. Everything. I don’t want that.”
“Sherlock –“
“Sherlock,” John said, gritting his teeth. This was insane. His life was absolutely fucking insane. He was just an ex-soldier and a doctor who had a job and a flat and a flatmate, and he couldn’t understand why the hell he had to deal with shit like this every other day. He took a very deep breath which didn’t help at all. “That’s a hand,” he said.
“Are you lonely or something?” John asked. His voice sounded all wrong. His life was absolutely mad and he had no idea what he and Sherlock were, and besides, the kettle was boiling.
He was floating.
“Everyone’s stupid,” Sherlock said. “Thank you.”
. I don’t know why I would want anything from you anymore. I don’t have a fucking clue why I’d still care about you. Not after what you did. You have no fucking idea what it’s like to
“You know,” Sherlock says. “Everything.”
“I made you too clever,” Sherlock says and sighs. “Relatively speaking.”
“That’s how long we have been on this mission,” the robot said, taking a step closer to him. It pushed its hands into the pocket of its trousers and leaned forward. “And your moral code forbids you from having a sexual affair with another crewmember, since all of them are your potential patients. You are also strongly opposed to conducting sexual acts on a creature of artificial intelligence, such as myself.” The robot paused. “Not that I disagree with that.”
“You shouldn’t let him hurt you,” the therapist said.
“I think I should go,” John says and licks his lips. “To sleep. Or maybe for a short walk and then to sleep. We’ve got a long day ahead of us tomorrow.”
Sherlock is panting. He hates the sound, he hates the way he’s sweating, he hates how he needs to hold onto the table with both hands to stop himself from falling, he hates how he’s leaking onto John’s hand.
something with an edge. “Maybe you’ve got a lover. Or a dozen of lovers. You’re so fucking clever, you could pull it off without me knowing. You could probably sneak someone into our house. Into your bedroom. And I’d be upstairs, knowing nothing, when you have sex with some man you barely know, let him fuck you, and I… I wouldn’t know, because you wouldn’t tell me, because you tell me
John takes a clean tissue, tries to wipe the blood from Sherlock’s face, gives up, and takes a light grip on Sherlock’s chin. Sherlock has never had any difficulties at telling him no.
Everything is so dramatic. He hates it, and he hates himself. And it wasn’t even his
“Great,” Greg says and looks around. “Can we get a little bit more light? Anderson?”
“Yes,” the interviewer says and puts the art away, thank god. Maybe Sherlock can google it later. “So, your character, John, is Tom, a divorced middle-aged man who’s struggling to raise his teenage daughter and who’s also afraid he’s never going to find love again. And Sherlock, you are Phil, a hiking enthusiast who’s never had a proper relationship because… or you tell us. Why hasn’t Phil ever had a relationship before?”
“Sorry,” John said. “Sorry, that was… a bit rude, probably. But… are you?”
“But you’d do it again.”
“But you aren’t dating.”
“What?”
“Why did you…” John begins and then stops abruptly. His face makes expressions Sherlock can’t read. Maybe he’s forgotten something about John after all, even though he thought he hadn’t forgotten anything. “Thanks for the tea.”
“I’m not in love with you,” John says as steadily as he can. It’s not much.
“What?” Sherlock asked and then climbed off the human. He wasn’t alarmed of sex. He just didn’t like it when people brought it up in a casual conversation. “No,” he said. “No, it’s not about… not at all. What’s wrong with you?”
,” John says, “it’s called life.”
“Sherlock,” John said, “can you suck me and jerk me off at the same time?”
disaster, then. Are you sure?”
Sherlock looks away.
came out. The Sherlock on the red sofa looks younger and less sad.
“Anything,” Sherlock says and closes his eyes, but he opens them again, because John shifts closer to him. They’re close enough that he can see pores on John’s skin. It should be unpleasant.
“And you should stop talking,” John says. His hands move up and down on Sherlock’s arms. Maybe he's caressing Sherlock. Maybe that’s what this is. “Because you sound like you’re panicking and you’re making me panic, too. And I don’t need that. I’m a mess already.”
Then he hears someone laughing. It’s John, and he sounds happy.
Sherlock glanced at his lap and then at John. “Oh, that’s from the drinking.” Then he blinked. “I don’t always get an erection when I drink, it’s just that you are… we are… Sorry.” And he covered his lap with his hands.
for you. I cried, I fucking
“No,” John says and leans back, “no, I…”
“We’re going home,” Sherlock tells Lestrade. “We can come to the station tomorrow if necessary, but we’re going home now,” and then they go. Sherlock gets them a cab and John sits on the back seat next to him and wonders how the hell he didn’t realise he doesn’t breathe.
John swallowed. “I could… I could do this to you for hours and you wouldn’t be able to…”
John stood up. Sherlock grabbed his chin, sniffed his neck, and kissed him on the mouth.
“But I might.”
This is a dream. He knows it. But when John says his name, it sounds real.
John glances at Sherlock. He has dark rings under his eyes and the make-up isn’t quite covering that.
Sherlock opens his mouth.
“The other thing –“
John had a pretty good idea what was going on in 221B Baker Street.
“Do you need me to take off my shirt?” Sherlock asked, opening the zipper of his trousers. They looked fancy for a robot. “Or just my trousers?”
“A –“
John straightens his back, places the cup of tea on the side table. A decision, then. He’s made a decision, and Sherlock doesn’t know what that is. “I should’ve at least called.”
“So is Tom Hardy,” Sherlock says and breathes out. “We’re all getting old eventually.”
Sherlock swallowed. He needed to get John Watson out of his home. “Listen, John Watson. I think –“
“Yes, you’re right,” Sherlock said and pulled away from John so abruptly John almost pulled him back. By accident. It was just a reflex. He had good reflexes. He had been a soldier. “I really shouldn’t,” Sherlock said and backed away until he was leaning against the opposite wall. “It’s not a good idea.”
Sherlock looked confused. “Why are you a human?”
“Then what is this?”
“I mean…” Oh, damn. “I mean,
Sherlock closes his eyes.
Sherlock nodded.
“I’m just saying,” Sherlock says and breathes out, “that you can. I’m here. We can do it on the sofa. Or in your bedroom, but I don’t think you want me there. We can… I trust that you have lubricant.”
“…time?”
Mary only smiles at him. “Try to be gentle with John. And with yourself.” And then she’s gone. The scent of her perfume lingers behind. Her hands have touched everything in this flat, including John, who is now standing in front of Sherlock, looking worried.
“You had no fucking right,” he says, raises his other hand and pushes his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock closes his eyes. “You had no fucking right to make a creature that’s… that’s intelligent enough to think that they exist. You gave me
“Like what?” Mrs. Hudson asks.
“In that TV show. And I’ve seen your commercials too, and… I’ve heard the ones in the radio. You’re just as good as you used to be. You just… maybe you don’t remember it yourself.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. Maybe he should follow John to the living room. Maybe he should touch John. Apologise again.
“No, you don’t,” John says, watching him. John looks terrified. Sherlock probably looks too. “You don’t realise. You can’t. You don’t… you don’t have the imagination, Sherlock, you can’t imagine what I could ask of you –“
“I meant,” Sherlock says, running his fingers up and down on the inside of John’s arm, “I’m not very good with people. In a way. I can tell what they’re thinking, I can tell what they want, but I can’t… It’s like a game. I know the rules, I understand them, I can read what’s happening on the game board. But if I try to play, you know, as myself, for
“It’s going to give me time,” Sherlock said.
he thinks. Exactly,
“You’re smoking again,” John says.
Sherlock shook his head. “It tastes like mud. And it’s not good for my stomach. If I try to eat it, I’ll probably just vomit.”
“Are you
“But,” John said slowly, “
“Yes,” Sherlock said.
“I didn’t mean that,” Sherlock cuts in. “I meant that… I didn’t want you to help, because then you would’ve seen… you would’ve seen me going through it. I had done it before. It’s not pretty. It’s… I didn’t want you to see me like that.”
“When we first met,” John said slowly, “were you going to kill me?”
“It’s alright,” Sherlock says, his voice coming out all wrong.
“I need you to get off me. Just for a second, so that I can get naked.”
It has started raining. John opens an umbrella and holds it so that it’s covering them both. They should go to the main street and get a taxi, well, two taxis, but John just stands there on the pavement next to the studio and Sherlock doesn’t know what to say.
,” John says. “That’s what you texted me. Right now. You haven’t texted me since… I don’t think you’ve texted me since you left me, so… Are you alright?”
“Oh, really?” Mycroft asked, pointing at John. “And who will clean up the mess if you have your way with him on the sofa?”
“Sex,” Sherlock says. “We had sex. In the dreams. Or it was… You knew what to do and I didn’t, so you… You did things. To me. A lot of things. A lot of…”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, “yeah, a very healthy self-destructive habit. Better than cocaine. He decides he’s not going to say anything, because John can’t possibly love him.”
At first John always leaves in the evening, but then he starts staying in. They have sex in Sherlock’s bed and afterwards, John falls asleep. When Sherlock wakes up early in the morning, John has gone to the bedroom upstairs. Hours later, they have breakfast in the kitchen. John complains about the lack of milk.
“But maybe we could kiss,” John said, caressing the back of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb. Sherlock’s skin was smooth and cool and John couldn’t see any veins through the skin. “Just this once.”
“That you love me,” Sherlock says. He looks surprisingly dignified for a man in his position. Maybe it’s an upper-class thing. Or maybe it’s his personality. Or his eyes. “Yes. Are you?”
John cleared his throat. “I’m just going to do the regular check-up first. Just to see that you’re… alright.”
“Yeah,” he said and squeezed Mike’s shoulder. “Thanks. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
John looks down on himself and then up again. The murderer is staring at him with wide eyes and an open mouth. He should take his gun. It’s in his pocket. He should take it and shoot the murderer in the leg, or maybe not shoot at all. He could point the gun at the man’s face and tell him to stay still. That would be enough. He should do that. He could do that. There’s nothing wrong with him. He doesn’t feel pain, there’s only a slightly cold feeling in the place where the knife is still stuck at his chest. On the left side. Where his heart should be.
be. Finally.
“Do you want to make more movies?”
“You can’t just
“Where we filmed
“I wanted you to like me.”
Mycroft shook his head slowly. “You can’t resist bloody soldiers, I’m afraid. But then again, you’re free to do as you please with John Watson. I only ask that you do it subtly.”
John cleared his throat. “No. Not really.”
“I can handle kissing,” Sherlock says and hopes his voice doesn’t tremble.
“I shouldn’t have asked that,” John said. “I really shouldn’t have. That was… that’s not my…” He took a deep breath. “You aren’t?”
Well, that was disappointing. He breathed in, refused to laugh at himself even though he
John shakes his head, goes to the kitchen and then just stands there when the camera focuses on Sherlock.
“I feel like an idiot.” John pushes his shoulders back, keeps clenching and unclenching his right fist. “I’m not gay.”
His flatmate fancied him.
“I do,” John said and smiled at Sherlock, who was looking at him as if he wanted to eat John. But well, John had got used to that look. And there was going to be a lot of cattle blood in the reception, hidden in red wine bottles.
John’s new flat is small and badly decorated. There’re two toothbrushes on the sink.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said but didn’t start putting the clothes on. “Tell Mike that you found something.”
Sherlock grabs his wrist.
Fucking fuck. Fucking fuckery fuck. “Yeah,” he said, sounding almost coherent. He was going to get a blowjob from Sherlock Holmes. That wouldn’t even make him gay. And after the blowjob, he would make love to Sherlock as if this was his last day on Earth, and they would share the bed until the morning, sleeping in each other’s arms. In the morning, John would make Sherlock breakfast. And, well, John had never considered himself a romantic, but he wondered if Sherlock wanted to get married.
“My fucking appointment,” the robot said slowly.
Sherlock let out a sound that wasn’t far from laughter.
“What?” John asks, squeezing his wrists. “What have you done before?”
,” John says.
“Yes. Well, figuratively speaking.”
John shakes his head, then breathes out. “It was weird. Today. When we kissed. Wasn’t it?”
“Of course she minds.”
“Yeah,” John said. He wasn’t sure, but also he had never wanted something he wasn’t sure about as badly as he wanted this now. “Bite me.”
and happy Tuesday!
“You heard me,” John says, speeding up. His knees are shaking. He just fucking hopes he’s not crying already. “What did you do before you came to London? Tell me. Because it’s like you aren’t even a real person. It’s like you’re a… a…”
But he can’t get the words out. John’s grip on his bare stomach is too much. Too little. Too much. Everything at once.
“Yeah,” John says, clenching and unclenching his right fist. He looks miserable, and that exact way of looking miserable is new. Sherlock doesn’t know what to think about it. Doesn’t John want to see him? Is that it? But if so, why did John agree to make this movie? And why did
been a star. I didn’t even get to make out with Tom Hardy yet. You did.”
Sherlock let out a breath and then drew another in, when John pressed his fingertip against his entrance.
“I should’ve come earlier,” John cuts in, rubs the side of his nose. “The next morning. I should’ve come to check that you were alright. I imagine that you… that it’s not something you do regularly, give someone head.”
“No, it’s not,” John said. “I’ve seen
you,” Sherlock says, kissing him as if he’s trying to eat John’s mouth. “You’re
John steps away from him, walks to the sofa, sits down, leans his elbows against his knees, sighs, and looks straight at Sherlock, and Sherlock can’t tell what he’s thinking. It’s terrible. It didn’t use to be. Perhaps he cared less back then. Or perhaps he hadn’t yet realised how much he cares. He should have realised sooner. And he should have found another way to save John. Shouldn’t have died. Shouldn’t have disappeared.
… I mean, if you want to hold a dead hand, I certainly can’t… It’s not my business, that’s what I mean. You can touch anything you want. Even if it’s dead. You can… okay, I’m not going to imagine what else you could do with it. I just… just…”
“No,” Sherlock said, his eyes closed, panting slightly.
“I know that I’m not going to leave you,” John says and kisses Sherlock. Then he rolls onto his side.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked, kissing the flat of John’s palm. Then he kissed John’s fingers. Then he took one of them into his mouth. For a second John thought he was going to bite it off, but he didn’t, and instead he kissed John’s wrist again, this time with teeth.
tea. You texted me.”
John laughs, but he sounds tired. “Yeah. Yeah, I suppose you can. Sherlock, I –“
“…yes, and?”
John blinks slowly, opens his mouth to say no -
“Don’t stop,” John said and pulled Sherlock closer. “Don’t fucking stop now. Keep fucking me. And keep talking. How do you want to do it? Am I naked?”
Because that’s what’s happening: a relationship. John starts calling it that in his mind. Then he starts staying it out loud. He tells Sherlock to take his vitamins and Sherlock glares at him and he says that he just wants Sherlock to be healthy, and he has the right to want that, because they’re in a relationship now. Sherlock keeps glaring at him but takes his vitamins. John calls it a relationship when he talks about Sherlock with Mrs. Hudson, and then with Molly, and Molly hugs him but looks slightly worried.
“Do you want me to…”
“John,” Sherlock said when John was still trying to catch his breath. “John?
“God, no,” Sherlock says. “I’d drop her.”
“Mycroft wasn’t happy with me,” Sherlock says, “so he kind of… removed every mention of me from the internet. Maybe he thought I spent time googling myself and would be shocked. But I didn’t. I was too busy trying to get the next fix. I didn’t mean to tell you any of this, John.”
“Yeah,” John says and kisses him again. “Yeah, that’s what I meant.”
“Are you in love with him?” Molly asks one day, when they’re in the morgue, watching Sherlock dig something from under a dead man’s toenails.
“Good day,” Mycroft said. “I see that you two are getting on just fine.”
“No,” John says, his voice sharp and hoarse, “no, you weren’t, you were hurt, and… and trying to figure out how we could go back to how things were. You didn’t
“What?” Sherlock asks.
“…yes,” Sherlock said, his eyes on John.
Sherlock swallows. Tomorrow they’re filming the sex scene.
“Right,” his therapist said, still not looking shocked. Maybe she just was a very good actor.
“Stop fucking apologising,” John says and sits down on the terribly flower-patterned sofa. “We don’t talk much at the moment.”
John looks at Sherlock. He’s pressing the murderer against the ground. It seems absurd. Almost as absurd as the blade in John’s chest.
nice.”
Maybe Sherlock should sit here on the kitchen table and wait for John to change his mind. But he’s too close to coming already, he can feel it building inside him, and when he wraps his own fingers around his dick, the sensation jolts through him. John’s hands were there just a moment ago. John
“I’m still here,” John says, sits up slowly and grimaced. “Bloody hell –“
But, well, John wasn’t gay. He didn’t want to sleep with Sherlock. He liked the attention, though. He was flattered. Flattered, not gay. That was why his throat suddenly felt very tight and his shirt too small, when he wandered to the kitchen one morning, still half-asleep, and Sherlock caught his wrist, pulled him close and pushed his nose against the crook of John’s neck.
Sherlock glances at John.
John says, looking at Sherlock.
“No,” John said and bit his lip, “okay, you
, I thought
But obviously that was not the case. He followed John through a park, from a distance, naturally, because he’s not the kind of a person who gets caught stalking someone who hasn’t even bothered to give him a call. But to be fair, he hasn’t called John either, and he was the one who left. Kind of.
“I’ve been in love with you for years,” Sherlock says. Every time he says it, it’s a little easier. He wonders if he’s ever going to stop. “I fell in love with you right in the beginning. Possibly the moment I met you, even though you’d probably call that attraction. Or maybe lust, even though that word has a weird ring in it –“
“How so?”
“It’s clever,” Sherlock said, his voice going flat. “A clever trick in my code. No one needs to worry about me finishing early. No matter what they do.”
He puts on sweatpants and a t-shirt and goes to make tea.
“Tom,” John says.
“I think,” Mike said slowly, “I think he’s actually nicer than he… lets people think. So, I just wanted to say that maybe you’d like to… treat him like a patient.”
“Sherlock,” John said pointedly and nodded at Sherlock’s crotch.
“No,” he says, “no, I just… I just miss you when you’re away, but I also don’t want to come with you.”
Sherlock. I care. You should’ve told me.”
Sherlock’s mouth smiles at him but Sherlock’s eyes stay sad.
“She looked very real,” John says and clears his throat. “She had… the left half of her body was metal, you know, so I could see the… the wires and… everything that she was built of. And the other half had been covered with… it looked like skin. Human skin.”
,” Sherlock says, sighs, places his hand on John’s back and pulls him closer. His dick pokes at Sherlock’s stomach. “Yes, fine,” Sherlock says, grabs his chin and kisses him on the mouth. The kiss tastes sour. He kisses back. “Sex, okay.
“Don’t apologise to me,” Sherlock says, sounding breathless. John pulls his hand back. “Don’t… not yet. Not until you leave me.”
“Or do you need me to clean my…”
John nods. Sherlock realises vaguely that he’s still breathing hard and John is not. John climbs off from him, and he keeps the duvet up for long enough to take a glance at his crotch.
“Actually,” John said, when there were only five minutes left of his therapy session, “I’m a little worried about something.”
came out, and the critics thought it wasn’t completely terrible, and everyone else thought John and Sherlock were clearly in love. Sherlock watched the movie again and thought that yes, he and John definitely were in love on the screen. To John he said that he didn’t know what people were talking about. John looked both relieved and sad. Or maybe Sherlock just couldn’t read John’s expressions at all anymore. He was already using quite a lot of cocaine at that time.
“I didn’t –“
“I’m not playing,” Sherlock says.
John swallowed.
It was fucking ridiculous, that was what it was. John took a deep breath and kept walking down the corridor, even though any sane person would have already turned around and told himself that yeah, it was crazy to think that he’d go to a sex robot to ask the sex robot to come for an examination, and no, he wasn’t going to do it. But he was. He had taken the lift down to the C-deck and then walked the corridors, hoping that he wouldn’t see anyone, because he didn’t want them to think that he was going to see the sex robot for… the usual reason. Sex. Not that he disapproved, not really. Bringing a sex robot for a long mission in outer space wasn’t a completely stupid idea. It helped some of the crew to cope with being away from Earth and everything that was familiar to them. But John had never had sex with a robot, and he wasn’t going to, and he didn’t want anyone to think that he might.
“Sex,” the robot said, looking at John, “is a mutual act between consenting persons. I have never had sex. Now, I should have at least an hour before the next idiot comes knocking on my door. Please, go.”
“Did,” Mrs. Hudson says, “did build robots, I think. I don’t really know too much about him, just what I’ve gathered from what Sherlock says. I’ve known Sherlock for a long time, you know.”
“You made
been ignoring me for two years. But you still are… I still care about you. So, it’d be nice if you stopped smoking. And, just… generally, just… I hope you’re well.” He sighs and rubs his nose. “You haven’t been working. Not since you left.”
Sherlock breathes in.
“No,” Sherlock says now. His voice is hoarse and very low. He doesn’t sound like he just woke up, though. He sounds like he’s been awake all night, thinking. “Don’t apologise. It’s my fault.”
“What?”
As if there was a
Sherlock tries to breathe. He’s not even naked. Stupid people do this every day and survive, and he's not stupid. He shouldn’t feel like every nerve-end in his body is leaning towards John’s touch.
“No,” he says, watching John from the corner of his eye. “I started some time after we moved in.”
Secondly, someone had decorated the whole room in a disturbingly modernist fashion.
“I mean, say it to me. Tell me you’re fucking me.”
“…yes?”
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds. “I don’t know what the right answer is.”
“You want to have sex with me,” Sherlock said the moment John had managed to peer his eyes somewhat open. “You were thinking about sex. I should have known. I’ve read that humans think about sex all the time.”
“Anyway,” John says, “you didn’t answer, when she asked you about your future.”
Half an hour later, Sherlock came back from the locker room. He was wearing his suit again and his hair looked damp from the shower. He nodded at John, said ‘hello’ to the nurse and left the sickbay.
“You can
“You can’t get hurt all the time,” John says. “Your arm, and your shoulder, and your ankle, and your… I don’t even remember anymore.” A lie. John remembers. He has to. “If you’re going to hurt yourself like this, you should really go to the hospital.”
“No, you wouldn’t,” John says but thankfully doesn’t give the baby to him. “So, we’re going to go and have tea in the village. You should come, too.”
Sherlock finds a bathrobe and wraps himself in it. When he goes back to the living room, John is still sitting on the sofa.
“I’m asking you, though. I’ve checked that… that your responses are fine. I’ll tell that to Mike. We can stop this, if you like.”
“…sorry.”
John makes him tea. He eats biscuits, too, when John tells him to. Then they sit side by side on the sofa, watching television, and John wriggles closer and closer to Sherlock until he can lean his head against Sherlock’s shoulder. It’s nice. He almost thinks he might fall asleep like this.
” John says, looking at him, “you were watching me and not the screen, and I thought,
“Yes,” Sherlock said. It sounded like a dare.
, this movie. A romantic comedy?”
“A bit shocked, that is,” John says and smiles again, then steps to the door and opens it. “Alright. Good night, then.”
“You made me,” he says. It feels like he’s talking, with his own voice, but what does that even mean now? “You
to you, and –“ And then he goes suddenly quiet. Sherlock realises the tea is ready. His hand isn’t completely steady when he passes the cup of tea to John, but then again, John’s hand is not steady when he takes it. “How do you think that I felt,” John says at his cup of tea, “when I read on Twitter that you’re in rehab?”
If you could just –“
“It does,” John says and then glances at the clock on the wall. “Did you say that you could pick Rosie up from school today?”
good.
“Yes,” Sherlock says.
“I need a third option,” Sherlock said. “And I need time to figure that out.”
John cleared his throat. “I want you to bite me when we have sex.”
“You came to me,” John says. “You… Sit down. Over there. You came to me with a fucking
“Okay, yeah,” John said, “but it’s just that I don’t like being here. And I’m going to get out, right now, I just need you to… to come to your fucking appointment.”
“So you decided to feast on the foxes of your local park,” Mycroft said and then sighed. “Well, at least you had the decency to hide behind the bushes.”
“Sorry?” Sherlock says. His head is spinning. “Sorry for what?”
That was Sherlock’s actual name.
“I’m not
” John cuts in. He’s squeezing Sherlock’s thigh now. It’s nice. It’s like an anchor that just might keep Sherlock from losing himself in the black hole, although he kind of thinks that he’s already lost. “Sherlock,” John says, slowly now, “Sherlock, I want a relationship with you.”
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
“Yeah?” Sherlock says, speeding up his hand.
“Two human men kissing each other,” Sherlock said. He sounded confused.
except that it is. And he needs it to be. He needs to pay, somehow, because it is what it is, and that is what it is, and he can’t go on living like this. Without John.
“So,” John said. He could think this through. He
They go through the scene. Sherlock hears John’s steps behind him, then feels John’s hand on his shoulder. He turns around. John is looking at him and he looks at John. When the cameras stop rolling, Greg says that maybe Sherlock could actually a look a little less in love at this point. They just kissed yesterday, after all. Phil’s having mixed feelings about that. Sherlock says that he can do that, and then they start from the beginning. John’s hand is steadier this time. Sherlock doesn’t know what’s showing in his eyes. He just wants everyone to fuck off and John to kiss him.
John and Sherlock.
…” Well, he could complain about John’s taste in clothes later. “What are we going to do next?”
happened to be on the movies that night.”
“Yeah,” he says, puts the cigarette away and thinks about lighting another, but that’d be too much. He pushes his hands into his pockets instead and clenches his fists. “It’s not your fault, obviously.”
“You don’t know what he’s capable of.”
“No,” he says, “you didn’t do anything stupid.” Then he turns around and retreats into his bedroom. He needs clothes. And a shower, but what if he takes a shower and John leaves? And he can’t ask, because then John would know how desperately he wants John to stay.
“With a synthetically manufactured human body,” Mike said. “It’s designed to be perfect, of course, no malfunctions, but well, mistakes happen. It had otitis last year, you remember.”
“I know,” Sherlock says. John’s arm brushes against his side. He can’t catalogue how it feels. Maybe this is what they call cuddling. Maybe John wants to cuddle before he leaves.
“Sherlock,” John said and took a deep breath, “this is a joke.”
“We should go to sleep,” Sherlock says, walking to the living room, his back turned to John. He stops at the window. John can only see the back of his head. “
He opens his mouth -
John flinches and glances at Sherlock, then at her, then at Sherlock again. Sherlock doesn’t seem to have heard her. Probably isn’t paying attention to anything except the corpse. This murder is particularly tricky and Sherlock is so excited he even refused to have tea this morning. John is still a bit shocked.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said in an icy tone, “we were in the middle of something, so don’t you have anything else to spend your time with besides bothering us? Opium wars, perhaps? Expeditions to the Arctic?”
Sherlock froze.
“Sherlock?” John asks when he walks in. He didn’t knock. The door wasn’t locked. If John didn’t want Sherlock walking in, he should have locked the door.
“…what?”
John opens his mouth and then closes it again. He’s really too nervous to be subtle about it. “I found something on the internet. Apparently he’s been building robots.”
“You didn’t cheat on the test,” Sherlock says. “You had sex.”
“Oh my god,” John said, which didn’t make sense at all. John was looking down at him. Behind John, he could see a bright light and a white ceiling. Nothing important. He should concentrate on John. John was obviously tired but smiling, so not unhappy, probably not injured, either. “It’s really you,” John said.
“Yes?” Mycroft asked.
“Yes, you are.”
“Did you… Were you… All the time when we were living together?”
“Oh,” the interviewer says, “and that’s happened to you as well?”
“Good,” Sherlock said and leaned back.
“No.”
This took a little longer than I thought but now I'm here again. And I think there's going to be one more chapter, so brace yourselves for just a little bit more of vampire-human interaction!
Sherlock can’t talk, so he tries to nod.
“Let’s go through it,” Greg says and then all the crew goes quiet. Sherlock closes his eyes for a second and then opens them again. The camera is on. This is still practice, this won’t be the final take, it doesn’t matter if he messes up now. But he can’t mess up, not with John. Not anymore.
He lets the silence drag on for another second and then presses their mouths together. It takes him a moment to realise that this isn’t kissing, not yet. He doesn’t remember how. Then it comes crashing back: the first kiss, months ago, in this kitchen, right next to where they are now, only then they were standing. He wanted to hold Sherlock close. He wanted to touch everything on Sherlock, he wanted to press Sherlock against the wall and kiss every inch of Sherlock and let Sherlock have him in any way Sherlock would take him.
, a story about an invalided army doctor and a wannabe detective who accidentally meet at hospital, start a business as private investigators, and end up getting involved in a very imaginative and highly unrealistic scandal in Belgravia.
“I’m sorry you didn’t realise there would be kissing.”
That’s what you were supposed to be. People have that.
was ridiculous. But the fact remained that when John himself had come home from the clinic ten minutes ago, Sherlock had been nowhere to be seen and the flat had been completely quiet. And still, the coat was hanging there by the door. John had glanced at it, gone to the toilet, glanced at the coat again – still there – changed his clothes, made himself tea throwing glances at the coat, and now he was drinking the and staring at the coat.
“Of course you don’t breathe,” Sherlock says. John can feel his fingers patching up the teared skin on John’s chest. They are warm.
“And then you go to him, and you put a hand onto his shoulder,” Greg says. “He turns around and looks you in the eyes, and then you two just stand there for a few seconds. Let us see that you’re in love, okay? Let us see the love in your eyes. And then, John, you raise on your toes and lean to him, but you wait for him to kiss you.”
John doesn’t move.
“I’m not going to let anyone hurt you ever again,” John said and then sipped more of this tea. So, apparently, he had kind of decided he wasn’t going to break up with Sherlock. And really, it had taken him thirty-eight years to find a boyfriend. Certainly he shouldn’t give up after the first obstacle, even if the obstacle was that his boyfriend was a vampire. He cleared his throat. “Could you make me into a vampire?”
“Fine,” Sherlock said, stepped out of his trousers and started unbuttoning his shirt. He was very… Someone had done a great job at designing the body for him. John cleared his throat and looked away, walked to the sink and washed his hands as slowly as possible, and when he turned back, Sherlock was taking off his boxers. “Slightly larger than an average human penis,” Sherlock said, not looking at John. “Calculated to offer the best possible experiment for the biggest number of people, considering both the physicality of sexual activities and absurd collective fantasies. Utilitarianism.”
“You want to see me in pain.”
Sherlock laughed.
“If I remember correct,” Mrs. Hudson says, “I think Sherlock said once that Mycroft stopped doing it. He didn’t have time anymore, I suppose, not with all his responsibilities, running the British government. I think Sherlock said it’s a shame.”
“I wasn’t trying to
Two days ago, he had a dream in which
John swallowed.
“What?” Sherlock asked. “Oh.
“So, Sherlock,” the interviewer says, “you haven’t appeared on screen after your role as a pirate in the most controversial pirate movie of the twenty-first century,
“I’m a fucking idiot,” John says, looking at him. “Thought you’d never do something like that. To
It’s possible. He knows the words.
“If you could just… stop touching my prostate for a moment, so that I can…”
“What do you mean?” he asks, his voice coming out thin. “What do you mean, what did I
“I would.”
John just stares at him. He tells himself that he’s an actor. He can do this. He can talk about this with a calm face and steady voice, even though when he first heard about it, it felt like falling into cold water. A completely absurd reaction, of course. It changes nothing that John has a child now.
“Somewhat older than you.”
We can fuck. It’s alright.”
“This movie is going to be a good thing,” John says. “For us. Or… or just generally good, if we have any luck.”
,” Sherlock says. He tries to laugh. People often respond favourably to laughter. But he can’t make the voice sound right. “I had a case.”
John sat down in his armchair and sipped his tea. So, apparently Sherlock had gone out without his coat. That was perfectly understandable. It was a warm day. Maybe Sherlock had noticed they were running out of milk and had gone to the corner shop to – oh, god,
“I’ve tried it.”
Sherlock stopped.
Nothing is so simple. In the dreams, John had him in every way he could think of, so, not many. He never had imagination about sex. He didn’t use to think about it much. Why bother? Waste of time.
“It’s not supposed to,” Sherlock said, “so that people stop fighting.”
you to, it’d give me a reason, and I… I’m not
“Good night,” Sherlock says, and it sounds so final that John goes. He goes to the bathroom first, looks at his shaking hands, then washes his hands, washes his face, brushes his teeth, comes out of the bathroom to find Sherlock still watching through the window and ignoring him. He goes upstairs. His bedroom is small and tidy. An ordinary room. Nothing special about it.
anything. He can’t figure out what Mycroft does now or what he’s done before or whom he knows or what he’s like or what it is about him that makes John think about danger.
“Do it.”
Sherlock glances at John. John’s looking at the screen. At John’s other side, Greg is leaning forward, watching the movie with his mouth half-open. Mary isn’t here at all, and Sherlock’s been trying not to think about why he’s so relieved about that.
He can’t be around John. His heart is doing something funny in his chest and it doesn’t feel good. “Yeah,” John says again, grabs the closest chair and sits down. “Yeah, let’s do this.”
“Yeah,” John says, “but –“
“I had dreams,” Sherlock says. “About you.”
John pulled his hands out of the pockets. Oh,
“He knows that,” Sherlock says, staring at John. “He’s just an idiot.”
“Hey,” John says, wraps his arm under Sherlock’s stomach and holds him from falling flat on the mattress. “Hey, hey –“
There’re steps again. John walks towards Sherlock’s bedroom, stops, takes a few more steps, stops again. He’s probably almost at the door now. Maybe he’s going to knock. Maybe he’s going to come in. Maybe he’s going to get in bed with Sherlock and -
John frowned at him.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said in the disappointed but bored tone he had perfected over a very long period of time. “You don’t even like fox blood.”
“I was trying to concentrate,” Sherlock says. He’s having troubles concentrating right now, actually, because John has his arm draped around Sherlock’s bare stomach and his knee pushed between Sherlocks legs, and the feeling of John’s bare skin against Sherlock’s is better than cocaine.
“No,” John says and places his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock looks slightly surprised but stays still. His chest is rising and falling with his breathing. John can hear his breathing, too. He can hear one person breathing, and next to it, an echoing silence. “No, it’s not about sex. You were
“- sorry,” John says, “yeah, I know, I heard you. I thought we were friends, Sherlock.”
“I’m not going to start worrying about the
“…gay,” John said and then blinked. “What?”
“And what about you, Sherlock?” the interviewer says. “What did you think of the script when you first read it?”
“But you were afraid I’d figure it out.”
“Only if you want me to.”
John nodded. He was glad that he was alive, too. He didn’t remember ever feeling happier or more confused.
HOLDING A HAND
so long John had begun to think he would faint. Or worse.
“And sometimes I felt like maybe I couldn’t do it anymore,” John says, leans his elbows against his knees and buries his face in his hands. He looks so tired. He looks tired and so familiar it hurts somewhere deep inside of Sherlock, in a nameless place he tries not to think about. “Act, I mean. After you left, I just… I tried, but it was almost like I had forgotten… everything.”
“I have proper shirts,” John said. He didn’t. Also, he didn’t seem to manage to get rid of the coat. He was stuck in both sleeves and also
“I kind of realised that. But –“
“John,” Mike said, staring as John looked at the things on the shelves and wondered what to do with them. Cataloguing the supply closet was the nurses’ job and he had no idea how to do it. “Have you talked to Sherlock?”
“So, what’s going on?” John asked. “He rented your flat to me but didn’t tell you about it?”
He's still angry at Sherlock. But sometimes he forgets about it. Just for a second. Just for long enough that he remembers what it’s like to be an ordinary man in love with an intolerable git who’s also a genius. And it’s nice, so he keeps forgetting.
John straightened his shoulders and raised his hand to knock on the door. He was a doctor and a soldier, he could do this, he could have a brief conversation with the sex robot about why the fuck it hadn’t come to the appointment in the sickbay even though John had set it up in its calendar. But he didn’t have time to knock on the door, because it slid open.
“On the table, I suppose,” Sherlock said, watching him. It really looked like a human, only… exceptionally attractive. But some people were like that. If John hadn’t known what it was, he wouldn’t have been able to tell. Fuck, that was terrifying. “John,” it said, its voice low and gentle, like John was the one who needed to be comforted about what was going to happen next. “You want to examine if there’s a reason why I don’t respond favourably to… touch. You’re going to want to concentrate on my genitalia, since that area is normally highly sensitive for sexual stimuli. And because that’s what humans think when they think about so-called sex.”
Thirdly, there was a man in the room. A living human man, who was staring at Sherlock, looking quite surprised.
John Watson looked at him as if
“Good lord,” Mycroft said to Sherlock, “what have you done to him?”
“I noticed that I’m naked.”
“No, it’s not.”
“We kiss,” Sherlock says, looking at John but pointing at the script. “We
He pushes John’s boxers down. John’s penis is… like a penis. Slightly larger than average. Slightly tilting to the left. There’s nothing surprising about it. And Sherlock’s seen penises before. On dead people, mostly, but still. It’s not intimidating. It shouldn’t be.
“We’re in London,” John said, staring at him like an idiot. “Can I touch you?”
John tries to keep his eyes on Sherlock’s face. “Do you regret it? Is that what you meant?”
“He could have been,” Mycroft said, his voice yearning for the lost opportunities. “But to be honest, I knew you weren’t going to kill him.”
He can hear Sherlock and Mycroft arguing in the living room, so probably he should turn around, leave the groceries and go see if Mrs. Hudson wants to have tea.
So, Sherlock sleeps on the sofa. He’s pretty sure John and Mary don’t have sex at the other side of the thin wall. The mattress tends to creak, he knows that, he would hear it if they did. But he imagines it anyway, and then he slips into a dream. He dreams about John and Mary having sex. John is making him watch.
“Or something.”
“I suppose we can do that,” John says. “Sherlock –“
“Sometimes,” John says slowly. “I’ve been kind of lonely, lately.”
“Should’ve done what?” John asks.
“You didn’t hurt me,” Sherlock says and then sighs when John glances at him. “That’s what I’m supposed to say.”
“And sad.”
John sighs. “I really love you, you know.”
I thought it was some kind of an indie drama. Two men move in together because both of them need a place to live, and then they become friends.” Just like he and John, four years ago.
“…what?”
” Sherlock says in a quiet voice, “I’m –“ But he stops talking, when John touches the warm skin on his throat.
He’s shaking all over.
“I’ll make us tea,” John said quickly and walked past Sherlock. So, Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, holding hands with a… hand. It wasn’t illegal. Sherlock wasn’t hurting anyone, not even John, even though John’s brain was kind of hurting. Everything was fine. John would make tea and they would drink it and maybe put the hand into the freezer or wherever Sherlock was planning to store it. And then they would talk about other things. He could ask Sherlock if anyone had been murdered lately. That would distract Sherlock for a moment.
And more people come to talk to them. Someone wants to take a picture of them and John drapes his arm around Sherlock’s back. John’s breathing smells of alcohol. It’s not as unpleasant as it should be. Someone asks what it was like to kiss while filming and John goes very quiet. Sherlock says it was fine. Then he says that if he has to kiss someone, John is his first choice. John laughs in a sharp tone. Someone holds up a phone and asks them to do it again. John touches Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock turns to John. He’s not going to kiss John, not in front of all these people, and then he starts to think that maybe this is the last time that he’s going to get to kiss John. And it’s not real. It’s for the show. It wouldn’t change anything.
He tries to call Harry, but she doesn’t answer. He tries again. He’s not sure when he last talked with her. Not in a while, he thinks. And he can’t find any pictures of her or of their parents, which is kind of bad, because he’s having troubles trying to remember their faces. Maybe there’s something wrong with his memory. He thinks about that for a moment and then decides that there’s no reason to panic. He was in Afghanistan for three years. Maybe he just hasn’t visited any of them after he came back. That’s why he doesn’t remember their faces. He doesn’t really remember anything that happened before Afghanistan clearly. Maybe it’s the trauma. And Afghanistan feels like it happened to someone else, too, to some other John with whom he’s now sharing his memories and his body. That John never thought he’d have a relationship with someone like Sherlock Holmes.
“I know,” Sherlock says. But he couldn’t tell John, and only partly because he didn’t want John to see him as a drug addict. He was also scared that once he started telling things to John, he would tell John everything.
“That’s not very clever,” Sherlock says slowly.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock said slowly, “it’s been a long time since I’ve seen a human man.”
Sherlock shifts in his chair and looks away. John grabs Sherlock’s knee and squeezes it.
“Just say it,” the therapist said. “Trust me, I’ve heard it all.”
“Oh, god –“
“Are you going to be here when I come back?”
He could suck John’s penis.
“Yeah, I read that on Twitter,” John says in a tight voice. “But I kept thinking it couldn’t be true. I kept thinking that I would’ve noticed something.”
“We’ll try it this once,” John said and touched Sherlock’s face. Sherlock fixed his eyes on John’s wrist, and John held it under Sherlock’s nose. Then he pressed it lightly against Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s breathing was so cold it felt like pushing his hand into the fridge, but in a sexy way.
John lets go.
“Yes,” Sherlock says and swallows. “Yeah, I’ll see you then. Good night, John.”
It’s two in the morning but he only has to ring the doorbell eight times before John opens the door. John looks at him and he looks at John: came straight from bed, has slept for one and a half hours but poorly, Mary’s not here. Thank god Mary’s not here. Her scent still lingers in the air, her perfume, probably. Maybe if Sherlock pressed his nose against John’s skin, on the back of his neck or inside his wrist, he would smell of Mary’s perfume.
Idiots do it all the time.”
“Because I’d like that.”
over thirty,” Sherlock said. “I don’t drink tea.”
Then, of course, he almost overdosed and went to the rehab and lost John. It turns out that fooling yourself is much more difficult when you’re sober.
Sherlock swallows. “My hair is fine.”
“No one’s going to come for their shift until early in the morning,” John said. “Unless there’s an emergency or something. You can take your time.”
“I think I…” Sherlock said, cleared his throat and opened his eyes, then looked straight at John. His forehead was glistening with sweat and he had bitten his own lips red. “I think I need to tell you something.”
“Yeah,” Sherlock says, “yes, it’s… late.”
“It’s alright,” the director says. He sounds amused. His name is Gavin or Gilbert or something and he just recently got back together with his wife, or so says Google. “We’ll start from the beginning. Ready?”
“Alright,” John said. “We’re keeping the coffin, then. I’m going to make myself more tea. Do you want a cup?”
“Don’t be an idiot, of course it’s me.” However, he was quite certain John was going to continue being an idiot. That didn’t matter. He was illogically attracted to John anyway. “Where are we?” he asked. “This is not the sickbay.”
“Stop talking,” Sherlock snapped at Mycroft and then turned to John. “You don’t have to do this, John. We can just throw him out. Maybe through the window.”
“Sure,” John says.
“You made me clever enough to choose to leave you one day.”
John should fuck him, yes, that’s what they should do. John would fuck him, and then they would be even. John might forget that he was in Sherlock’s funeral.
John does it. He pulls the knife out and drops it, he walks to Sherlock and wraps himself in Sherlock’s coat, and he waits while Sherlock calls Lestrade, only turns out it’s not Lestrade, it’s Mycroft, and Sherlock holds the phone at the murderer’s ear for a moment and the man’s face goes all white. Then Sherlock actually calls Lestrade, and when Lestrade comes, the murderer doesn’t say anything about John.
“No,” John said.
“You fell,” John says in a numb voice.
John clears his throat and presses his foot against Sherlock’s ankle under the table. Sherlock wonders if he ought to smile at the camera or just stare at it.
“Aren’t you always,” John says, takes a glass from the cupboard, pours water in it and drinks. His hand is shaking slightly. “So, that’s why you’re limping.”
“I think we can take a five now,” the producer says, sounding kind of worried.
At first he had been confused, but he supposed that was understandable. After all, he had been sitting in his own armchair in his own (well, rented) living room, having a cup of tea, when a man dressed in a black suit and a long black coat had jumped through the floor, attacked him and kissed him on the neck. Anybody would have been slightly surprised.
, but if you don’t want to –“
John Watson liked to think that he wasn’t an idiot. He had his weaknesses, like everyone else, but generally speaking, he wasn’t stupid. He knew what was going on in his life, and what was going on in his life was that he had a perfectly acceptable job, a messy but otherwise nice flat, and a flatmate with whom he got on pretty well. They were friends. They were best friends, actually. Sherlock Holmes was the strangest man John had ever known but also the best, and everything was good. Whenever someone glanced at John with the certain look, the one that said
“What do you mean, what the fuck I’m doing?”
“Sherlock,” John says, places his hand on Sherlock’s thigh and then pulls it away. “…can I do this?”
“No,” John says and blinks, “no, thanks. I just… Do you know what fanfiction is?”
“Well, I’m not a terribly clever man,” John says. “I’m ordinary. I’m just like anybody else. I just want… I just want you to… I want you to want to kiss me.”
“You and me,” John says, licking his lips. He looks like he wants to kiss Sherlock and also doesn’t think that he’s supposed to want to kiss Sherlock. Sherlock can’t understand how John can do all that acting with his
“…what?”
Sherlock takes a deep breath and opens the television but keeps the volume off. When John comes out of the bathroom five minutes later, his hair is wet and he’s wearing Sherlock’s clothes. He goes to the kitchen, takes a cup of tea and then goes through the cupboard until he suddenly freezes.
In the morning, the pain in his ribs is sharp again. The flat is empty and there’s no note.
“Yeah,” John says and steps in. “I… Thank you. It went well, didn’t it?”
John looks at him silently for a few seconds. He holds his breath and hopes John accepts the change of topic. “Yeah,” John says finally. “A romantic comedy. You really didn’t read the whole script, you bastard.”
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
John laughed. Oh, god.
“…really?”
, right?”
Okay, so, I might have been humble about the amount of crack in this story. Let me just say, this is absolutely crack. So cracky. Such crack. Very cracky crack. Hold onto your seats and sofas, my ladies and gentlemen and good people, there's going to be
Sherlock stared at him.
And I’m so fucking relieved you’re alive, that you’re
“What?” Sherlock asks, his voice making it clear that Phil
“John is very good,” Sherlock says. “He’s very good at acting. And at other things.”
“How are you?” he asks and follows Sherlock to the kitchen. “The injuries, I mean.”
“I thought you weren’t gay,” Sherlock said.
“I’m not in pain,” he said, panting. “I’m not in
John opens his mouth, then closes it again. Clenches his fists. Stands up, walks to the door, opens it, holds it open. “I don’t know why I missed you,” John says, staring at Sherlock until he walks out of the door.
“I thought you were already offering.”
“John,” Sherlock says again, staring down at the mattress, “you want to leave me.”
him. Or alternatively, Sherlock was running a very weird prank on him, which was almost as cruel.
wasn’t going to be happy. “Why don’t you do it yourself?”
“It really isn’t,” John said slowly. They didn’t usually discuss Sherlock’s feelings for him. But then again, it was quite obvious that Sherlock fancied John, so John supposed they could as well have a conversation about it. “We’re flatmates,” he said. “We really shouldn’t start sleeping together.”
John does that when he’s in the living room again, staring at Sherlock, who’s on his back on the sofa, reading a newspaper and wearing nothing except boxers and socks. Sherlock ignores him. He spends a few more seconds thinking about what he’s going to say next, about Mycroft, about
He walks to the bathroom, locks the door, sits on the closed toilet seat and ejaculates into his hands.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah,” John says, “yes, everything’s very clear. Thank you.”
He slid his finger back inside Sherlock and reached to touch Sherlock’s nipple at the same time as he brushed his fingertip against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock said his name. He pinched the nipple and pushed another finger in, and Sherlock threw his head on the side, looking at him, panting, trembling around his fingers and under his hand. Sherlock’s dick was erect, had been since John had first got his finger in, and it was leaking, and when John took it in his hand and brushed his thumb gently against the tip, Sherlock closed his eyes.
John opened his mouth to tell Sherlock that he could make his own tea, and then thought again. “Sure. Now?”
“Sorry,” John says and keeps stepping on Sherlock’s toes.
“…why?”
“No, I mean it,” John said. “I’m not going to have sex with you.”
Sherlock stares at John.
He was
boring.”
“You don’t need to –“
He had a hard-on, too.
The human man was shouting at him. Also, even though he was weak like all humans, he had somehow managed to grab Sherlock’s arm and was trying to pull it behind Sherlock’s back. There was a slightly uncomfortable sensation in Sherlock’s shoulder, and even though that might have been due to sleeping too long, Sherlock was moderately impressed. He was also distracted. He was pressing the human against the floor but still hadn’t bitten through the skin, and even though the human smelled fantastic, at this point he couldn’t help thinking about all the reasons why he didn’t usually drink from humans.
“I saw you,” John says, his voice hoarse. “I saw you from a bus. You were close to 221B, so I… I started walking past the building sometimes, and then one day I saw you through the window.”
“That’s acceptable,” Sherlock says and kisses John on the forehead. The skin is a little damp and tastes of salt.
“The next time we have sex.”
“What is what?”
“Yeah,” John says. “I didn’t mean that, either.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock says.
“In case I need you at night,” Sherlock said. “Or something.”
“Something important?”
John lets go. “Sorry,” he says and rolls onto his back. He’s still naked. He remembers going to the toilet last night. He didn’t know if he was supposed to come back or go to his own bedroom, so he just got back into the bed with Sherlock, and Sherlock didn’t tell him no.
Sherlock swallows. “Yeah. Yeah, it was.”
John clears his throat. Sherlock frowns and looks back at his script. Apparently he’s been staring at John instead of reading his line. Well, it’s almost impossible to work like this, anyway. It’s not his fault that he barely got any sleep last night, and it’s not his fault that John is right there with his face and his… his
This is the epilogue. Make sure that you read chapter 5 as well, or else you're going to be confused, poor fellow!
“Good,” John says slowly, glancing at Sherlock. “It was good. We always were a good team.”
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds and then slowly shook his head. “I’m quite sure. Like, eighty-six percent sure. But I can’t completely exclude the possibility that what I experience as love might be just a neuro-chemical reaction to the prospect of eating you.”
“Help with
“I had been using before.”
So he does it.
“Yes,” John says, “I liked it.”
Maybe John will spend the whole day in 221B and never leave.
“Okay,” Sherlock said in a hoarse voice, his gaze flipping between John’s eyes and throat. Maybe this was shocking to him. Maybe he had thought that during the three months they had lived together, John had slowly realised he was falling in love with Sherlock.
“Extraordinary.”
John bites his lip too hard. “And what the fuck does that mean?”
“You aren’t saying anything I’d like to hear, so stop it,” John says and runs his thumb up, pressing slightly against Sherlock’s length. “You’re hard.”
“You left, and everything kind of… lost its meaning.”
it, and I’d really rather that you’d be
jumped and made
“But you can walk.”
“…what do you want me to say instead?”
“Maybe you never tried to convince him,” she says, and she’s not wrong. It took him a long time to realise how important John is, and by then he had already made several mistakes.
“You shithead,” John says, “you absolute shithead. Why are you here, really? Why –“
John tries to wriggle free from Sherlock’s grip. Sherlock doesn’t let go. “That’s what you were worried all along? That I’d find out and leave you?”
Two nights before the premiere, Sherlock texts John. He probably shouldn’t. He knows John is busy. John has a life without Sherlock, and that’s mostly Sherlock’s fault, because Sherlock is the one who left two years, four months and thirteen days ago. Sherlock left and John filled his life with other things and it’s completely unfair that Sherlock is angry about that. And John has Rosie now. Of course John can’t spend all his time in Baker Street. Besides, John has been making a television advert for a sex toy company. The advert is Christmas-themed and apparently includes John and Santa in a very compromising position.
“…that’s a trick question.”
at Sherlock with his
“I can handle blood. I’m a doctor.”
“I’m not angry,” John says and lets go of Sherlock’s ankle. He’s lying. Sherlock opens his eyes, John stands up and goes to stand in the living room. “Your ankle is going to be alright,” John says. “Go home.”
“Really?”
“Yes, dear?” Mrs. Hudson asks, sipping her tea.
John clears his throat. “
“He says he does.”
“I’m thirty-eight years old,” John pointed out.
“…yes.”
. Yeah, well, I am. Apparently I’m terrible at making choices. But I want you to bite me.”
“Oh,” John said.
John yanks the zipper of Sherlock’s trousers open.
“Yeah,” John said and then bit his lip. “I mean, we shouldn’t. We shouldn’t have sex. It’s going to make this complicated. And I like this flat. I don’t want to move out.”
.” So, maybe he was a bit sloppy. Maybe he didn’t exactly mind that he had to come to John and John had to stitch him up. But it’s not like he did it on purpose. It’s not like in the dreams.
“…nothing? You haven’t had work?”
“You don’t need to do this,” John says to him, whispers, caresses his hair. “You don’t need to do anything like this to me, ever. I’m not… I’d never ask you to… you are my friend, Sherlock, my
Sherlock stared at the idiot.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, then looked away from him. “
“I know,” Sherlock said.
“Because you’re considerably distressed about even being here. In my cabin. Where people come to conduct sexual acts on my person.”
“Kind of,” Mike said, staring at him. “Please. If you do this, I owe you one. I mean it.”
Sherlock shook his head.
“You know what I’m talking about,” John says.
gay,” John said and breathed in. “Well, at least I’m a little gay for my boyfriend. But anyway, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about. Not that I’m worried, because I’m not. Not too much. And the sex is good.” He paused, wondering if it was better if he stopped talking now. He shouldn’t let his therapist know
ask him to, this morning, probably. “Mary thought I should check up on you,” John says.
“Sorry.”
Phil has been sharing this cottage with Tom and Tom’s teenage daughter for almost two months now, and Phil
