“He said it wasn’t his scene.”
“What about kids? You got any rugrats running around the house? Speaking of, where are you living now? Still in California?” Andrew asked.
“Oh, I don’t know. A lot of my professors didn’t take me seriously back at Harvard,” Howard replied.
Tony hesitated, but Steve was looking at him with wide puppy eyes that no one could have resisted. "Well, I run Stark Industries. The uh, weapons manufacturing company. I develop products for them and then get dragged to all of the terrible board meetings. If I could, I'd hand it all over to my frightfully capable assistant, Pepper, but she seems to think that she's 'not ready' and the board thinks it'll cause a 'drop in stocks'," he huffed. "So I go to the stupid meetings and sign all the paperwork when I'd really rather be down in the lab making things explode."
"I'll do it, Tony," he said. "I'll do this for you."
“How do you not know? I thought you were cultured.” Tony rolls his eyes. He
The cover was simple, but his favourite by far. It didn’t focus on him, or even feature him as the star. Instead, he shared the spotlight with Steve Rogers, one of world’s most famous soccer players. Behind them were Natasha Romanoff, Thor Odinson, Clint Barton, Bruce Banner and of course Nick Fury, all looking menacing in their suits and cleats (Nick wore oxfords, not cleats). A signed, framed copy of the cover would later hang above the entrance to The Avengers “headquarters”. The Avengers featured on 9 other important covers that day, including three major soccer magazines and Vogue, where they’d posed in custom designed uniforms, looking terrifying and beautiful all at once. This cover did not feature Nick Fury, because Vogue had decided to focus on the team as a unit and not a corporation. According to Rhodey, they were also on both the MIT and Yale Newspapers, these two showing only Tony and Steve’s faces respectfully. All in all, you could say that The Avengers’ announcement had caused quite a stir.
Fury waggled a finger. "More like what are you going to do about it. I'm a busy man, I don't have time to run after mediocre players with contracts. You two, however. Your egos'll bring them in like flies to honey. Really annoying honey that is starting to get on my nerves, that is."
Unforgettable by Nat King Cole
Tony rolled his eyes, but obliged, clicking the next suggested video. This time, a woman in her thirties took the challenge, talking to the camera for a whopping three minutes before actually kicking the ball.
"'Course. It's why they pay me the big bucks." Tony made a show out of cracking his neck and knuckles (much to Pepper's chagrin at the noise) before nodding and beaming a smile at a familiar crowd. "Marcus! It's so good to see you!" he called, slipping into the persona of Tony Stark, charming, playboy billionaire easily as he flirted playfully with the guests. For a good cause, of course.
“Quite a game, isn’t it?” he asked.
Tony shot him a glare. "Bruce is good. He got in an accident a couple of years ago that messed with his head and made him an amazing player. You should see him play. I have and it's...quite a sight," he replied, smiling to himself. "Puny in the streets, formidable in the-"
"Nonsense. Steve doesn't accept requests unless he knows it's a good cause. He must've seen something in you or your charity if he's here tonight," she replied, nonchalant as she leaned against one of the raised tables. The song currently playing ended and Tony and Peggy watched as Steve and Natasha switched places. Natasha plucked a few notes and Peggy lit up. "Oh! I love this song. Come dance with me, Tony."
Tony blinked. "You...do?"
For a second, Tony didn't know what to do. His brain had short-circuited, and it took him a second to reboot before he was fully able to comprehend what was happening. Finally, the reality set in and Tony pressed back into Steve's kiss, the corners of his mouth tipping up.
“Not from around here, are you?” asked the woman. Howard turned to face her. She wore red lipstick and was dressed rather old fashioned, with intricate curls in her hair and a fitted blazer and skirt. She reminded him a bit of his wife.
They were only a few feet away now, and wow. Even Steven Rogers’s back is attractive. His impossibly broad shoulders are wrapped in a fine blue fabric, a seam leading the eyes downwards to his trim, fairytale waist. He’s standing alone, leaning against one of the tables as he gazes off the distance. Tony wishes he were a poet rather than a mechanic so he could capture the feelings dancing through his chest.
She set down her drink and grabbed Tony's hand, pulling him towards the stage and onto the dance floor. The intro was soft and pretty, with an almost inaudible bass line that Tony could feel in his feet as he swayed with Peggy.
The receptionist looked at her computer, typing in a couple of things before turning back with an answer. "No, he doesn't come in until Monday."
“If you’re offering.”
Tony thinks that Steve looks relieved, but that’s probably wishful thinking. He tries to think of something, anything to say, but all of his carefully cultivated social skills seem to be escaping him at the moment. “You here with anyone?” is the line he finally decides on, after a minute of awkward silence.
Tony fumed and opened his mouth to argue, but Fury clicked a button on his remote and replied before he could. "Stephen Strange. After an accident destroyed his hand and his medical career he set his sights on greater things. Practiced like crazy and made it to the big leagues, playing for a div two team before signing with us," he said as a man in a crested lab coat peered unkindly at them.
October 23, 1963
Songs featured in this chapter (in order of appearance):
Tony had grown up around soccer. From watching games in his father’s private box as he popped champagne to celebrate a championship win, to listening his father rant to his mother at the dinner table about the season’s turnout, to knowing starting line ups better than he knew his times tables. The culmination of all these things, plus many more, was probably why he’d sworn off the sport nearly eleven years ago. Tony had not picked up a soccer ball since playing for his high school team. And don’t get it wrong, Tony was good. After watching more matches than he could count and learning tricks from some of the best players in the world, Tony was well above average. It was just that he hated it. He hated it as much as his father loved it. In fact, when he’d been told by the doctor that he’d never be able to play again, those many years ago, he was glad. Finally, he could live the life he wanted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who is he?” asks Tony as they watch the pair head across the room.
"There we go!" he exclaimed, shoving his hands in his pockets. "Hey, you want to get out of here? I know a great bar down the road from here, away from prying eyes."
Steve blushed and Tony realized he'd said that aloud. Shit. He stuttered out an apology, but Steve just smiled sheepishly.
Steve blinked, eyes snapping from his water up to Tony. "No! No, it's not that. I'm sorry, talking about the war just makes me..." He took a deep breath, exhaling sharply. "Tell me about yourself. I want to hear about you," he said, almost forcefully.
“Tony, please. Mr Stark was my father.”
"Don't worry, I'm sure your boyfriend is thoroughly impressed. You don't need to show off any more than you have," replied Fury. Steve went beet red and Tony fought back a smile. He looked at the screen instead.
And what a game it was.
Career: 10 years active, multiple professional teams most notably the Howling Commandos and the American national team. Played for the Yale Bulldogs during his tenure there.
Pepper just swatted at his arm. They silenced as Steve's voice filled the room once more.
"Yes. We'll just check YouTube," said Tony. "Look."
August 14, many years later
"You're something, Tony," assured Steve, removing his hand from Tony's arm and sticking it out in front of him. "Shake on it?"
Tony nodded and looked up at the stage once more. Sure enough, Steve was nowhere to be found and the others were packing up their instruments. Bruce caught his eye and jerked his head in the direction of the exit. Tony took the hint and walked in the direction of the large ballroom doors, trying his best not to look like he was making a quick escape. He had about reached the door when a familiar asshole blocked his path.
Halfway through his four years at MIT, Howard and Maria Stark died in a freak accident. It shook the nation, and all eyes turned to Anthony Edward Stark, heir to the legacy of a lifetime. Tony did what he had to. He let his father’s people run the league and the teams his father owned or managed while he finished up at MIT and then took over the day after graduation. He moved to Malibu, where his father’s favourite and best performing team was localized and watched over them while he acted as CEO and chairman to the league.
"Yes," she said, smiling softly. "Justin...Tony and I actually know each other."
Fury nodded. A couple of years ago, the board had decided to include women in the league because, as Tony had put it, "Why not?" It had been a close vote, the board split 6 for and 5 against. The modern age is not that modern.
Howard shrugged. “Something like that. I feel like investors would be wary about investing in someone so young and without a solid reputation.” He shrugged again. “Who knows. Maybe I’m just too nervous to dive in headfirst.”
Howard turned, his hands in his pockets, and searched the crowd for where the voice had come from.
“Married?!” Andrew exclaimed. “Congratulations, stud! Do I know your girl?”
“I nearly forgot! I came over here to give my extra ticket. My buddy just canceled on me and it would be a shame to let the seat go to waste, so here.” Andrew handed him a ticket made of thick paper with the English flag printed on it.
Steve seemed satisfied at Thor, probably due to Thor's numerous years on teams around Europe as well as his role on the Scandinavian national team. As a centre-back, Thor would probably end up working with Steve to get the ball from their net into their opponents. Fingers crossed they got along.
Steve leaned back pensive, but Tony frowned. "First, rude. Second, together?" he asked. "Can't. I'm busy. Booked all week in fact." He leaned back in his chair and slapped a hand to the table, shrugging.
, communicates Tony through a glare.
"No, no. Well, maybe. But not today. Okay. Here's the thing. I think you and your band have something special. A certain
"And what are you going to do about it, coach?" replied Steve. Man, for a Commando this guy had a mouth on him.
Background: American from New York, currently residing in Brooklyn. Attended Yale University with honours.
“Sure,” replied Howard, lying to Andrew’s sculpted face. His mustache itched, and he resisted the urge to give it a scratch.
Steve looked back at the door to the ballroom, apprehension spelled across his features. "Shouldn't you stay? You're the host and everything."
Steve visibly stiffened. "How'd you get Buck?" he asked, turning to face Fury. He looked slightly pissed.
She looked at him with scrutiny before abandoning the task with a sigh. They headed towards the elevator together, descending to the fourth floor, where the 7th Annual Stark Charity Gala was in full swing in the ballroom of Stark Tower. The decorators had done an excellent job, and Tony marvelled at how they'd transformed the modern space into an old fashioned vision straight out of the forties. It looked vaguely inspired by USO parties, with a couple of red, white and blue banners draped across chandeliers. Tony watched as guests helped themselves to American delicacies served by vested waiters and posed in front of a backdrop in their period-appropriate clothes.
"Right, well, I wanted you to meet my girlfriend, Jessica. Jessica, this is Tony Stark," he introduced, waving between Tony and the pretty blonde woman. Tony narrowed his eyes. She looked familiar.
Michael nodded, resting his chin on his fist. “You never know, Stark. You seem smart. Even if you don’t want to create your own, I’m sure any major company would snatch you up in a heartbeat. What’d you major in for your undergraduate degree?”
“What are we talking about?” Pepper Potts, Tony’s assistant and a superstar in her own right, says, sliding into the empty spot next to Tony on the settee.
Who even is this guy? Tony’d be lying if he wasn’t ready to drag Pepper over to find this Steven Rogers, but he has a reputation to uphold. He plays it cool, and says, “I guess so. Let me finish my champagne and then we can make our way over. I’ve got to speak to Pattie on the way though, I had some questions for her and Rachel about their latest stock purchase.”
Steve smiled and walked wordlessly inside, Tony trailing after him like a lost puppy. He might've been drooling slightly, but really, who could blame him?
"So what do you do exactly?" asked Tony. "I haven't seen you around this kind of scene before."
Natasha actually looks impressed. Tony feels his chest puff a little with pride. “You actually got the hermit artist to agree to leave his studio?”
"Hammer. Yes, ages. Listen, I've really got to be going, emergency in the lab, you know how it is-"
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3Hsn1kWcFUWN4ChQwCUsR7
A loud bell sounded behind them and Andrew turned around. The crowd behind them had greatly reduced in size and he could hear cheers coming from the main stadium, a massive dome like structure. The ground seemed to shake with their cries. Andrew checked his watch (a Rolex, from the look of it) and his eyebrows shot up.
He knows everyone in this room. It’s nearly the same crowd every year, with the exception of a few alternating faces. Not one guest has a net worth below 40 million dollars, with most of them ranking easily in the top tax bracket. Though, to be fair, they do donate a lot to charity on nights like tonight (anything to appease the people, right?). If Tony played tennis, it’d be with these people. God, imagine him playing tennis. Dressed in whites and sipping wine at 10 in the morning at some cushy private club. He tries not to gag at the idea.
“Who is this guy?” asks Tony once they’ve crossed the room to where Steven Rogers and the woman had disappeared off to. He looks around and spots one half of the pair. It’s not hard, with Steven’s blonde hair sticking out above the crowd. He tugs Pepper in that direction.
The song ended, and Pepper patted Tony on the shoulder, dragging his eyes away from the stage. "You know," she said softly. "The night's nearly over."
He dragged his feet, his hands in his pockets and his scarf flapping in the wind. It was a nice day, if not a little chilly, and he was surprised to see that nearly no one was outside. There were a few people, but most of them were rushing towards their destinations. He walked down the street and headed into the nearest store. The strong smell of beer and loud chatter hit him in the face as he walked into The Three Lions Pub. For one o'clock in the afternoon, the place was packed. Men dressed in suits and a handful of women in short, colourful dresses sat in booths, laughing and drinking. Howard walked to where a woman sat, alone, at the bar. Unlike the other rowdy patrons, she was nursing a glass of water. He took the seat next to her, signalling to the bartender with a small wave of his hand. He ordered a glass of ginger ale and watched the noisy crowd.
"Did you plan on staying in the military for your entire career?" Tony asked. Steve's expression fell slightly, and Tony winced internally at his misstep.
“Oh, well actually, I was wondering if it would be possible to purchase tickets...now. See, I didn’t know about the game until today-” stammered out Howard.
Tony took a deep breath, looking away from Steve to make steady eye contact with the tiled floor. "When I was a kid, my father wasn't exactly, ah...around much. It sucked, not having someone to brag to when I won awards or to go to when I got my heart broken. My mother was there, and she did her best, but I was always set on getting his approval. He was a genius, dear old dad, so I thought that maybe if I got to be as smart as him, he'd at least treat me as one of his peers instead of the dog that'd gotten underfoot. So I worked my ass off and made invention after invention, but Howard never so much as glanced my way unless it was to look at the work I was doing, which I thought meant he finally proud of me. I was elated, hanging on to his every word whenever he bothered to speak to me rather than conveying messages through assistants, employees or my own mother. Though he was in the workshop a lot, Howard spent more time in foreign countries than he did at home."
Steve clenched his jaw. "I'll try," he said after a few seconds of hesitation.
"You would..." Tony trailed off. "Would they want to? I mean, I'm sure they're just here for a paycheck. They don't have to."
Tony took a deep breath, looking Steve in the eyes. "You know...about that. I was thinking maybe one of us wouldn't have to be."
Broadcast Notes:
"Gentlemen, gentlemen. Let's calm down," Fury hushed. "This isn't up for debate. You'll both do some recruiting. Whether it's together or separate, I don't really care. Just fill the holes in the team and get some subs. It's not that complicated. You've got two weeks before the draft closes and three before our first practice. I hope to see you back with at least five new players," Fury stood up from his seat, his long leather coat swishing against the chair. "I'll fax you the contracts."
“I did a double major in business and technology,” he replied. He braced himself for the judgement that would surely come with his technology major, but it didn’t arrive. Michael just nodded and pulled out his wallet, handing him a business card.
“You a mate of Andrew’s?” the man asked, shaking Howard’s hand vigorously. Howard nodded and the man smiled. “Any friend of Andrew’s is a friend of mine! You want a beer?” he asked, sitting back down.
“You’re welcome,” she replied. It occurred to Howard, as he hailed a cab outside the pub, that he’d never asked for her name.
Howard squinted at the man. He looked so familiar... “Andrew?” he guessed. The man looked slightly liked his old college roommate, but college Andrew was 20 pounds heavier with an overbite. This man was well dressed in a bespoke suit and looked like he could bench press a small horse.
Tony waved him off. "Don't worry, mother's dismissed me. I'm free to go wherever I please, and the bar's calling my name," he suggested, an eyebrow raised in Steve's direction. "I think I can hear it." He cupped his hands to his mouth and echoed quietly, "Tony! Tony!"
“He’s a hermit?” Why would a guy like that be a hermit? It’s basically a crime against humanity to keep him locked up. Tony should do something about that.
Now it was Howard’s turn to shrug. Perhaps they were, but Howard didn't really frequent them. Bars were more his speed. He took another sip of his drink. “Why is it so packed? It’s barely one.”
Tony watched as Steve read Bruce's bio. One of his eyebrows was raised, probably in disbelief. He turned to read it for himself, even though he knew Bruce well.
“Sure, I’ll check my schedule. Here.” Tony patted the front of his suit jacket, finding a slim silver box in his inner pocket. “My card.” He hands Steve a slim slip of paper with his name and a chip ingrained on the back. “Scan it with your phone and my information will program itself in,” he continues, when Steve just stares at the microchip.
Many years ago, a man named Howard walked the streets of London. He had neat brown hair and a head full of ideas that no one seemed to want to listen to. He had been kicked out of his hotel room by his wife after she had complained that he hadn't seen the sunlight in days. Apparently, "I can see it through the window" was not a good enough answer.
"So I heard," replied Pepper. "If you ask me, the singer's got the hots for you."
"With
"Thanks," said Tony before heading towards the block of elevators near the back of the floor. He called one, smirking at the large team logo emblazoned on each elevator's doors. It was no question which team lived here.
Steve, for his part, just smiles kindly at her stammering. “That long? I remember that gallery. I’m pretty sure they still have one of my pieces, though a lot of it went to bigger museums once I started getting more popular. I would have liked some of it to stay there. Gotta stick to your roots, you know?”
“But I thought 'any mate of Andrew's-'”
Steve squinted at him. "No."
The line went by in a second and they were ushered in. Howard started to follow the crowd, but Andrew grabbed his arm. “This way,” he said, leading him to an entrance a couple feet away from where the rest of the spectators were entering.
There was that smile again. "I'll leave you two to talk," said Pepper, gliding away to talk to some other fat cat.
She shrugged. “You just look rather confused, that’s all. I guess pubs aren’t as popular in America?”
“Don’t think so,” replied Howard, pulling out his wallet. He removed a picture of Maria and him at the beach he’d had printed a while ago and gave it to Andrew, who lifted it up to his face. Andrew’s eyebrows shot up.
"Steve, you want to present this next one?" asked Fury as he switched to a picture of a shaggy looking man. Tony missed Romanoff.
read the contract. Briefly. Friday and his lawyer had gone over it together and had highlighted the red flags they thought should be removed or edited. He didn't remember a clause about signing five players a season being one of them. Tony made a note on his phone to get a copy of the contract and reread it tonight.
Steve shrugged. "The same way I can tell that we're not going to find any Avengers on the Internet."
"Sure. The Avengers. Steve and I played together when we in the service, but when I discharged and Bucky..." she faltered for a second, staring into her glass. But then her smile was back, bright as ever. "Anyway. I helped him get back on his feet and he met the rest of them through various mediums. It makes him happy, I think. So I help keep the band afloat. Least I can do, after everything."
Tony pushed open the door to the elevator room, admiring the interior designer's choice in wallpaper. A fern sat in the corner behind two blue armchairs that sat atop a white shag rug. He walked towards the closed elevator doors and pressed the up button, tapping his foot as he waited. Tony stepped inside when it came, but stopped dead in his tracks at what he saw through the glass wall of the elevator.
Steve crossed the room to sit where he'd been earlier and Tony took a seat next to Fury, propping his elbow up on his chin. "That one's pretty good looking," he said, pointing at his grinning picture. Steve rolled his eyes and folded his arms.
Tony stepped out of the elevator and into the reception area. The building was currently closed to the masses, but if everything went according to plan, they'd open up a few floors to public viewing. He passed the receptionist, who was typing away on her computer. She lifted her head when he walked past and rose from her chair.
"You guys are really amazing," blurted Tony. "It's not hard to get lost in your music."
"No," Steve repeated. "Listen, I thought this was just a friendly thing, but if you're going to go around throwing money at me to buy my-I don't even know! Do you do this often? Offer to pay for a man's life in exchange...in exchange for-"
Tony's car was faster, but New York traffic was a bitch and didn't allow him the same freedom it gave the motorcycle. Still, he followed the bike down 59th Street, turning left onto Lexington. A glint caught his eye and he looked up. The Avengers Tower gleamed down at him, the giant A shining proudly. He smirked and continued to follow the motorcycle, meeting be damned. Who cares if he was late? It's not like they could fire him.
“Tony. Call me Steve.”
"Tony Stark," said Fury. Steve looked like he was all ears as he scanned Tony's bio. "Right mid, big ego and lots of cash. You know the deal." Fury skipped to the next slide.
"If my music makes anyone else feel the way you did, Tony, that's a bonus. But if only one person resonates with, that'll be enough, especially if that person is you. You've already given me as much as I could ever wish for," Steve told him, and Tony'd be lying if his heart didn't melt into a puddle at his feet.
Natasha rolls her eyes. “You’ve met him too; you know perfectly well what he’s like. He’s nice, but stubborn. Takes criticism well, but he’s too polite to dish it out. Good guy. If you break his heart, I’ll crush you,” she slips in, taking a bite of her slug cracker.
was how he would change the world.
Andrew shrugged. “Drinking culture is very different here,” he replied. “You get used to it.” Andrew raised his voice a bit so that the man could hear him. “Howard, this is Michael Orville. He owns a company that’s been trying to buy me out for the last year and is only sweet to me to finally get me to cave.”
"Anyway. What I've been trying to say is that jazz gave me the chance to connect with my mother and to move on from my failure of a father. It gave me memories that I still cherish to this day, ones that I haven't been able to replicate by listening to any of today's music. But when I heard you play, it all came rushing back."
“Nice to meet you, Stark,” said Michael. “From what I’ve heard about Andrew’s other friends, to be considered the smartest is quite the achievement. You doing anything with that big brain of yours?”
Name: Bruce Banner
"I...well. I was in the forces, but then Bucky, that's our bouncer, and I, we...Anyway, I teach now. Art," he said, not looking all too pleased.
“No, you don’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sure," said Fury, shrugging. "As head coach, I reserved the right to sign five players. Most coaches would do all of the recruiting, but since you're whiny, I let you do most of the work. Read the contract before you sign it next time."
"Stark," replied Steve, crossing the room to shake Tony's hand. He was taller than Tony, which did not help quell Tony's slight anger. Had he been chasing
"I like her," said Tony, mostly to himself. "Good choice, Fury."
Steve didn't look like he was breathing. His expression was unreadable, and Tony's heart sunk. He opened his mouth to backtrack, but Steve put a hand on his bicep, stopping him.
Featuring one "high speed" car chase, one backstory and one impressed Tony Stark. (Bonus: a weird-ass timeline)
" Tony felt like Steve was singing just to him, and he basked in the feeling. It felt like standing outside on a warm summer's day, the sun's rays on your face.
"I heard you guys play once, at that bar."
“So. Steven Rogers. Tell me about it,” purrs a voice. Tony spins and there’s Natasha, watching Steve walk away. When did she get here?
Wild cheers interrupted the argument and both Tony and Steve turned to watch as a video played on the projector. Footage played from what looked like a high school soccer game taken on an iPhone camera. Tony watched a soccer player in a red jersey mow past the opposing team and line up for a shot. The soccer player arched his foot back and kicked the ball. It shot into the air and almost took the goalie's head off, sailing past his ear before landing in the net. A buzzer sounded and a bunch of boys in red uniforms rushed towards the soccer player, wrapping him in a hug. The video cut off, and autoplay suggested a video called "CHRISTIANO VS ME: CROSSBAR CHALLENGE FAIL!!". Tony turned off his phone.
A shiny Harley Davidson smiled up at him, its owner nowhere in sight.
“It sure is,” replied Howard. He looked at the field, where a marching band was putting on a performance, then at the screaming crowd.
“Use that big brain you tell everyone you have for once, Tony,” says Natasha, her head propped up on red tipped fingernails. “Have you ever seen him before today?”
blasted through the speakers. He mouthed the words as he drove down Park Avenue, the tower directly above him. He turned into the parking lot, winking at the park attendant, who scrambled to let him in. Tony drove his car into the car elevator, fully singing along to Alicia Keys as he rose into the highest level of the parking structure. It was almost empty, but he still drove to the back, parking his Audi in his preferred space (in line with all his other cars). He flicked the radio off and stepped out, locking the car with a click of his keys. He adjusted his tie in the rearview mirror, patting down his hair. He walked through the lot towards the elevator that would take him to the main reception.
Tony frowned. "What do you mean, for me?"
"Likewise," he replied, shaking her hand. Her curls bounced a little, and Tony was reminded of how his mother had sometimes styled her hair. "Please, call me Tony."
"No," said Steve. "Doesn't respond well to authority."
Andrew nudged him. “Impressive,” he whispered. “Michael doesn’t do that for just everyone, you know. He’s never said more than hello to my guests.”
“You know you’re always welcome at mine, Tasha,” Tony replies, offering her his arm. “Come on, let’s go find Pepper. I miss getting nagged.”
"They bother calling you?" Tony muttered.
Tony smiled, clasping Steve's large, warm hand in his. He stared at Steve's face as he did, searching for some sort of sign.
"Tony Stark, meet Margaret Carter. Peggy, this is the man I was telling you about," said Pepper, gesturing towards a beautiful woman that looked like she could crush Tony under her thumb. He dug it.
"Care?" Tony laughed, but it sounded forced. "Of course I care. I care about lots of things. You. Rhodey. Stark Industries. Charity, notably. I'm a philanthropist, Pepper, I have to care."
"Hi," she said. "Having fun?"
"That's really nice of you to say," replied Steve, looking up at Tony through his eyelashes. God, Tony's teeth felt like they were going to rot from how sweet this man was.
Steven Rogers smiles, extending a large hand to Pepper first, much to Tony’s pleasure. Only the best men recognize her, treating her as the badass she is rather than beautifully wrapped arm candy. “It’s lovely to meet you, Miss Potts. You too, Mr Stark. I admire your work in the energy sector.” His voice is deep. It matches the currant colour of his lapels. Okay, so maybe he's a bit more poetic than Tony gives himself credit for. After shaking Pepper’s hand, Steven turns his attention to Tony. He shakes his hand, and Tony is surprised to find calluses brushing against his own rough palm. He takes in account Steven’s impressive build and rethinks his surprise. “Steve Rogers.”
“Real smart too,” said Howard, tucking the picture behind his licence and putting the wallet back in his pocket.
The roar of a motorcycle interrupted Tony's thoughts. He checked his rearview mirror to see a beast of a bike on his tail. The rider's face was obscured by black aviator sunglasses and their jacket whipped in the wind. Tony watched as the motorcycle overtook him, expertly weaving between cars. He smirked and revved his own engine, determined to catch up. What was the point of owning fast cars if you weren't going to have a car chase? He brought his roof up and shot from 80 miles to 120.
Steve pulled away first, and Tony made a small noise of sadness. He opened his eyes to find Steve looking at him, a little smile dancing across his pretty face. "So," he said. "Shall we go to your office to finalize the details? Or perhaps that offer about penthouses you made earlier is still available?"
"You went to Yale?" asked Tony. "What'd you study?" He hoped that Steve would mistake his look of surprise for shock at his alma mater.
After five minutes of riding down Lexington, the motorcycle turned into an alley. Tony slowed, checking to see if his car could fit down the tight street. He shrugged and turned the car onto the road. Fingers crossed. Tony cursed as the motorcycle zipped down the backstreet and he edged his foot onto the gas, determined to keep up. Both vehicles exited onto a small street and the bike made a sharp left turn, the rider almost parallel with the ground. Tony spun the steering wheel and watched as the motorcycle turned into yet another alleyway. He rolled his eyes but followed. What was with this guy and alleys? Tony turned to find himself (and the motorcycle) driving towards a tall fence.
"If you're referring to Bruce then I'll have you know-"
Tony frowns. “What museums do you have pieces in? Pepper, you’re always saying I should get out more. I should go see them.” Tony waits for Steve to name one of the bigger Manhattan galleries with the kind of clientele that Tony would rather shove his head into a toilet then meet. Pepper usually prefers modern art, but Steve doesn’t seem like that kind of artist. The artists he’d met at one of the aforementioned Manhattan galleries had spoken in rhymes and worn thousand dollar berets. Ugh. Fake-French Hipsters. The worst kind.
Then it clicked. This was his calling.
he thought.
“I couldn’t, Andrew,” he said. “This was probably ridiculously expensive.”
“Wembley Stadium, if I’m not mistaken. It’s about a fifteen minute taxi ride from here.”
“Not sure,” replies Steve. “Do you want to go look for her?”
Tony huffed. He
“Do I look alright, Tony?” asks Pepper, drawing his attention away from the beauty that is the mysterious Steven Rogers. Pepper looks ravishing as always, and he tells her this. He’s rewarded with a pleased smile that he returns as he hooks his arm through hers and makes the final few steps towards the beautiful man he’s been watching all night.
Theme from New York, New York by Frank Sinatra
“How could you tell?” Howard replied, taking his drink from the bartender with a smile. He took a sip, the ice cubes dampening his mustache.
Pepper butts in, which was probably for the best. One more second of gazing at Steve’s strong features and Tony may have gone weak in the knees. “It’s such an honour to meet you, Steve. I’ve been following your work since Brooklyn, and it’s just-I have no words. Honestly,” she titters, laughing nervously.
"She taught me how to dance with that record. After she died, I couldn't bear to listen to it, so I shelved it away at the back of some closet. The time you played that song in the bar was the first I'd heard it in over twenty years and it made everything come rushing back. Not just the song itself, but the way your band played it was...it was like magic, and that's coming from someone who thinks magic is a load of horseshit. Not that your music is horseshit. That's not what I meant. I mean that your music is amazing and the closest thing I've ever experienced to magic, which is saying something because I don't even believe in magic.
Half an hour (the mysterious woman hadn’t lied, but traffic had doubled the travel time and tariff) later, Howard stepped out onto a busy street packed with people dressed in jerseys similar to those that he’d seen at The Three Lions. As he walked towards the entrance of the stadium, he noted that a handful of the crowd were wearing blue jerseys. The woman had mentioned that the game was England against the world, so he assumed that these were “the world’s” supporters. He stepped into the queue, waiting patiently for his turn. Those around him, however, were not as welcome to the idea. They cursed and grumbled about the wait, but he stayed silent, occasionally checking the time on his old pocket watch. What time was this game supposed to start, anyway?
"Show him Okoye," said Tony. Fury obliged, skipping to a formidable looking woman with a shaved head. "You'll like her, Cap. She was captain of the Dora Milaje, an African team. If you can't bring in Barnes, she'll be our centre defensive midfield."
“And Michael, this is Howard Stark. He was my roommate sophomore year at Harvard. Top of our class. Smartest guy I know,” continued Andrew, patting Howard on the shoulder.
“Football you say? Where’s the game happening?” he asked the woman. She glanced over at a dark television. It was an old boxy thing, set amongst a handful of armchairs, all occupied by men in white long sleeved shirts. They passed money amongst themselves, adding it to large pool on the table in front of the television.
“Well, I haven’t actually started my own company yet. I’ve got a few ideas for projects that I’d like to build upon, but I doubt any investors will take me seriously,” said Howard, choosing his words carefully.
Tony thought.
"We haven't managed to pin him down long enough to make him sign a contract, but we were hoping you could help us with that," replied Fury. "Our sources tell us he's staying nearby, and we're hoping you can convince him to join the starting line up."
Name: Steve Rogers
“How would you know?” asks Tony. A waiter in tails walks past them. Tony stands on his tiptoes to see what’s on the tray. Escargots, not alcohol. Great.
“Tony’s ogling Rogers.” Natasha looks even more mischievous than usual. Tony gives her a calculating glare in an effort to make her crack from the peer pressure, but she just smirks.
he thought.
"I want other kids to be able to make the kind of memories I did. I want them to hear Natasha's voice and Thor's bass. I want teenagers to imitate Sam's tune and adults to pick up drumsticks after being inspired by Clint. I want people to dance to Bruce's sax and I want them to hear the Avengers play and smile. I want the world to hear you sing, Steve. They deserve the chance to hear you and love you like I loved that vinyl and like I loved you in that bar. So if you won't do this for yourself and the opportunity to be happy, do it for the millions of people I know you'll bring joy to if you just say yes."
Peggy blinked at him. She smiled, incredulous. "Really?" she drawled, her accent thick. "Well, that won't do. I'll get them to stay after the evening's over and you can have a chat then."
?" exclaimed Tony as Steve muttered, "At least he's played before."
Steve blushed, and Tony instinctively began to think of ways he could keep that blush on his face forever. "Sure. You were at the bar, talking to Bruce and then when we started to play you got this expression on your face...I don't think I've ever seen anyone enjoy the music as much as you. Most of them just nod their heads and clap politely, but you...I don't know. It's silly, but it was really nice to know that someone likes it as much as we do," he said, looking down at his hands.
Tony blinked. Steve...like Cap Steve? "The band?" he asked stupidly.
"Who, Natasha?" asked Tony, cheekily.
"Steve! That's not what I meant and you know it. Would you stop being so damn stubborn for two minutes and let me explain?" Tony said, starting after Steve, who stopped in his tracks to turn and glare at Tony. He gestured for him to speak, folding his arms on top of each other.
"I get to meet the band," replied Tony, a stupid grin on his face.
"Have you two ever introduced yourselves before?" snarked Nick Fury. Both men looked over at him. Nick was leaning back in his rolling chair, looking like he wanted to leave even though the meeting hadn't even started yet. "You're supposed to say your own name. If you keep introducing each other press junkets are going to be a nightmare."
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark," she said, voice coated in a posh British accent. She stuck out a hand, her red-lipsticked mouth curving into a smile.
"Steve? Uh, Cap? You there?" he called, searching the sidewalk for a familiar blonde figure.
“Oh, mainly London. It’s where the company's main headquarters are, so I kind of have to be here. You know how it is,” Andrew suggested, prompting Howard to tell him about all the companies that he ran. Unfortunately, Howard ran approximately zero companies at the moment, so he couldn’t do that.
At Last by Etta James
"Moving on," said Fury, clicking away from Strange. The equally as intimidating face of a long-haired blond man with bright blue eyes peered down at them. "Thor Odinson. Tony poached him from a team in Scandinavia. A bit eccentric."
Tony's eyes were drawn to the stage, where familiar musicians were playing soft jazz, seemingly warming up for later in the night. Natasha was nowhere in sight, but Steve led the band in a lovely, slower piece. Tony found himself smiling up at him, though Steve was focused on the music and didn't return his gaze.
Steve blushes and smiles a sweet smile that would make cherubs sigh in envy. “That’s very kind of you. Thank you, Miss Potts, and please tell Natasha that I appreciate the compliment. To answer your question, Mr Stark, I’m an artist.”
“I’m going to go talk to him. Should I go talk to him?” Pepper grips Tony’s hand. She’s so close to his face he can make out the freckles beneath her foundation. “Will you come with me, Tony? You’re so good at talking to famous people. I get so flustered, and-” Pepper fans her face. What has happened to his calm, put-together, no nonsense PA? Is she...blushing? “Please? For me?”
Tears are a sheen covering Steve’s eyes, as he sidles closer, presses his brow against Tony’s, and then, he brushes his mouth against Tony’s, ever so gently.
Tony finds enough strength to say, “You won’t get away with this,” quietly.
Tony just stares.
It’s effectively a dismissal, and Caroline takes it as such, slinking away, her hands folded in front of her.
Three weeks later, there’s a terrible argument between the three of them, in private, of course, when Peter declares his decision to learn ballet along with his sister. Steve’s not in favour, of course, not because he’s some closet misogynist or anything, but because he’s terrified of what they’ll do to Peter for choosing an extra-curricular activity like that, when he already stands out: the son of a billionaire, having three gay parents and being smarter than 99.95% of every other child his age, but for his sister.
“I don’t know, I just… I think someone broke into your house; she called me, and she was screaming, and the kids aren’t here, and when I got here, Wanda was on the floor, and she’s bleeding-”
Like he’s six and he’s just been told off by his teacher, Steve falls silent.
“God, this is perfect,” Tony groans, as the incessant, relentless drag against his prostate makes his fingers and toes curl. “I think I’m going to die.”
lying about this?”
He pastes a smile on his face and saunters back to the group.
Tony’s eyes wander to Steve, still standing in the doorway, his eyes wide with horror.
Howard’s eyes land on Tony. “What the hell happened?” he demands, without flinching. His eyes wander to Steve. “What the hell were
“To be fair, even if he’d said that he wants to kill Nazis, I wouldn’t have turned away from him,” Tony says, dryly, running his hand through his hair. “He’s sick,” he points out. “He has a lot of health problems.” He tilts his head. “Asthma, scarlet fever, rheumatic fever, sinusitis, chronic or frequent colds, high blood pressure, palpitation or pounding in heart, easy fatigability, heart trouble, nervous trouble of any sort, astigmatism, scoliosis, partially deaf, arrhythmia, stomach ulcers, pernicious anaemia, flat feet, has had household contact with tuberculosis, parent or sibling with diabetes.”
“Steve,” he says, quietly, even if he knows no one can hear him.
Peter gets there before Steve does; he’s begging him not to die, his young face streaked with dirt and ash, and Tony wants to say,
“Senator Brandt, I regret to report that Captain Steven G. Rogers went missing behind enemy lines on the third of last week.”
, which hurts most of all.
“Well, stick to your day job. What I meant was that I bought a lake house in the middle of nowhere so that I could have sex with people outside and not be worried that there were paps lurking in the tree line to release yet another of my sex tapes to the public so that it will forever be on Pornhub.”
“Tony, I don’t think this is going to work,” Steve says, uncertainly, his pupils blown wide, as he looks down at Tony’s hand on his cock, dark against pale skin.
“Do you believe him when he says that nothing romantic or sexual was going between him and Natasha?”
“I don’t know,
Tony smiles, with just a hint of sharpness at the edges. “Everything’s fine,” he lies. “I’m just saying that it might be a way to dispense away with the awkwardness.”
Steve chews on his lower lip. “So, how do you want to play this?” he asks, carefully. “You go first, and then, five minutes later, I show up?”
Tony lays a hand on his shoulder. “Jamie,” he says, softly.
child that we did what we did,” Howard snarls, stepping up close. “You think we did it for ourselves; you think that we did it to make ourselves feel better? You don’t know
“Thank you,” Maushmi says, sullenly, and returns to her worksheet.
Steve smiles at him, but he can tell that he isn’t reassured.
“I hate to interrupt, but we should get out of here,” James interjects, his voice quiet, his mirthless smile gutting Tony and spilling his insides out into his lap. “I don’t know…” he trails off, looking somewhere else. “I don’t know who else would’ve heard this, and I don’t know who else is coming.”
He reached over Toni and Steve’s bodies, and the latter made a loud protest at being jostled the way that he is, and Bucky opened up the drawer in their bedside table, pulling out a velvet-lined ring box that Toni gaped at.
“–and you killed Thanos,” Tony finishes for him. “Yes, Rhodey told me.”
A hand reaches out of the bushes, clamps over Tony’s mouth and drags him into the shrubs.
Tony’s eyes slide to his, especially when the soldiers, all around them, start cheering, crowding around Steve and slapping him on the back. A few wave around Steve’s comic book, asking for him to sign them. They mill about him, and Steve smiles despite himself.
Nowadays, Steve climbs into the bed, on time for once, in a tight shirt and boxers, and he drapes his arm around Tony’s waist, drawing him close, so that his back is pressed up against Steve’s chest, and he can feel Steve’s heart pounding against the notches of his spine.
“What?” Tony protests. “No!”
, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t love me.”
“She has a pulse,” James confirms.
Tony nods. “Yep.”
James falls silent. “Is that what I am to you? Another Tiberius Stone?” he asks, quietly.
“None of them wanted to keep the evidence at home, so, they locked it up at the preschool, you know, the one where no one goes anymore; it used to be the Richards farm, before they moved away?”
Grant snorts. “My brother, who has everything, love and stature and loyalty and wealth, when I, for the crime of having been born sheer minutes after him, must wait for scraps,” he says, venomously. “He doesn’t deserve you. He doesn’t deserve all that he has. He doesn’t treat you the way you deserve to be treated. Tell me, Tony, doesn’t he disappoint you at all? He travelled all the way from Brooklyn to your home to
“You think I hadn’t realised that you weren’t staying in the fucking Four Seasons everywhere you go?” Tony demands. “You do remember that I came to your place constantly back then. I knew where you lived, what your means were. I was
“I was insecure,” Tony says, his voice matching Steve’s. “I… and I tried, Steve. I tried really fucking hard. I made moves on you. I dressed up like a whore to get you going, and then, after a while, I stopped because I do have some fucking pride, Steve. I was so convinced that you were having an affair, that you were getting your rocks off somewhere else, and I’m sorry about that, I am, I shouldn’t have… I shouldn’t have thought you were capable of something like that, but I wasn’t about to
Tony makes a soft noise at the back of his throat as he’s breached and slowly filled up, the blunt pressure of Steve’s cock pushing deep inside him. The dirty talk stops there, when Steve rams into him hard, fucking him hard and thoroughly, pounding into him like it’s a mission for him, and Tony can’t even begin to form syllables on his tongue, left to just lie there and take it and let out the occasional moan and sigh at how good it feels.
Which means that Tony has to acknowledge the thing he most certainly doesn’t want to acknowledge, which is that this is no story of a simple affair, that there is nothing simple or fleeting with this, that this isn’t a passing fancy, that Tony is the constant here, because it’s very likely, Steve, being who he is, has fallen in love with Natasha, and Tony, once more, isn’t good enough for someone he loves.
Tony remains silent, just pads over to him and pushes the photo into his hands.
Tony doesn’t fight him, doesn’t even think to fight him. He drapes his arms around Steve’s shoulders, and when Steve covers Tony’s mouth with his, Tony finds himself moaning, clutching at him.
“Nothing. It’s just the, uh, the arc reactor…” Tony licks his lips. “I moved in a way that I shouldn’t have.” He smiles, wryly. “The unfortunate side-effect of fucking an old man like he’s a rent boy in his twenties.”
Tony blinks, slowly. “Well, you know, despite my vigorous justifications of what James has done to HYDRA people and my genuine belief that he did the right thing because the fucking courts were never going to prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law, I am very much aware of what he does for a living, and what he is capable of. So, when he showed up at my door, around my kids, I was worried, because I didn’t know what he was like, after all those years, whether he’d changed, whether he was in a different place. And the kids… with James, comes danger, I know that. I was prepared for it, because it was just me, and I was okay with it, but the kids…” his voice turns to stone, “I love those kids more than I love anything else in the world, and I could… I would rather die than put them in any danger, so, yes, I didn’t want James anywhere near the house or near those kids, at least not until I knew exactly why he came back and what he wanted.”
to have sex,” Steve goes on. “I’m just tired and overworked, and fuck, I hate the office, and Fury’s always on my back for something or another. I’m just… I’m just tired, I guess, and when I get home, I just want to relax.”
Steve’s lower lip quivers, and he curls a hand around the nape of James’ neck, pressing his mouth to James’ quickly, just for a brief moment. He pulls away and turns to Tony, who’s watching them almost clinically from the other end of the bed.
“They didn’t. Agent Carter took care of it.”
“I just–”
Tony moans when Steve finally pushes inside him, his hips snapping forth. At first, his rhythm stutters and falters, as if he weren’t used to it, and Tony remembers,
Tony leans into Abraham. “What’s the document? They all look like they’re going to piss themselves with fear,” he mutters.
“I am, I am. I’ve been waiting for your session all fucking week,” Tony pants. “I knew I’d be coming to see you, so I stopped at blowjobs. Didn’t want anyone making me loose.”
. And in any case, I doubt that it helps that I’m married to a SHIELD agent.”
Tony’s hackles rise. “Can we not, please?” he asks.
“I’m a
Maushmi pouts. “I don’t think I can, Appa,” she says, innocently.
“Ah,” Eshe says, finally. “I understand that the two of you have feelings for him, and I must say, it’s refreshing to see a couple so open to the concept of adding someone into the relationship, without jealousy.”
“Steve! Steve!” Tony shouts, desperation bleeding into his voice.
Tony narrows his eyes at the senator.
“Just the second one.”
Steve smiles despite himself. “I’ve forgotten how hot you look when you’re angry.”
“Not a bad way to go. Doing what he loved,” Steve offers.
That’s how Steve finds him, when he finally comes home, at two in the morning, a backpack slung over his shoulder, wearing a sweater vest and neatly pressed slacks. He almost stumbles when he switches on the light in the lounge, and he sees Tony there, on the couch, sitting in the dark, a glass of wine cradled between his fingers.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip. “Yes, I am,” he replies, without betraying the fear he had felt when they’d hoisted Tony up into their arms and stripped him naked.
Tony blinks. “I’m sorry,
He takes his seat opposite Tony, his hand finding the stem of his wine glass, which he drinks from heartily.
“I need a way of using these bugs to my advantage,” he tells Tony.
Steve smiles. “I know, I have all of you.”
But that’s not how it happened; Tony’s dead now, and Steve’s alive, and that’s just how it is (
, all bets are off, and you’re thrown in the trash. Which leaves a nice, empty space for Natasha Romanoff to slide right into.”
The EKG beeps faster and faster, and a glow surges, flooding the entire chamber, hiding Steve from view.
“Nah, I don’t know how long it might take. You guys should probably just head on home,” Tony tells him.
“It would be nice to be kissed by someone who wants to kiss me and whom I want to kiss,” Tony says, honestly.
He looks at the kids now, at their small bodies tucked into the same bed, their faces slack and contented with sleep, and he kisses them both on the forehead, swiftly. He has the sudden urge to remove
With the torch in his mouth, he begins climbing the pillar.
They’re in the middle of a battle against Loki, because the asshole has a thing against Thor and their special, vulnerable little planet is Ground Zero every time the asshole comes up with a new grudge against his brother.
He pauses, and then, the world flickers, and he’s back to standing in the aisle at the pharmacy. It flickers again, and then, he’s in the boiler room. He turns around, and he’s standing in a guest room of his manor, recognising it by the décor.
about the Winter Soldier. He’s my
James frowns and looks down at the photo, and his face cracks wide open.
Steve groans, and Tony sets his teeth over Steve’s lower lip, biting slightly.
Tony clears his throat. “I managed to track the guys to a warehouse. When we got there, they were waving a gun in their faces, and I lost it, I just fucking lost it, and I shot them both.”
“Yeah, they would be.”
“I don’t believe you,” Tony retorts, and his eyes find his father’s, who remains silent. “I think you did it for yourself.”
“Steve, my darling, you left it on the stove, boiling, when you decided to maul James like a lion, and you didn’t look at it again. That was almost fifteen minutes ago. Something tells me it’s not salvageable.”
,” Steve says, hurt flitting across his handsome face.
“Do you believe it’s possible to dream about what's going to happen?” he asks, carefully.
“Ugh, seriously, Steve?”
?” Eshe pushes.
Suddenly, Steve is moving, moving like a predator and backing James up against the cabinets. He crushes his mouth to James’ with bruising force, and Tony watches as a switch is flicked on inside James, as he moans and clutches at Steve, as if desperately keeping him pressed against James’ body, as if he’s scared that this isn’t real, as if Steve isn’t real and this isn’t actually happening.
Steve’s brow creases. “The sex?”
you, though, to have me waiting for you at home, like an
Tony looks back, only to find that James is telling the truth, that the kids are walking towards him, curiosity plastered all over their faces. They wind their little arms around his legs, when they reach him, peering at the stranger from around his thighs.
He looks up, and Obadiah shouts when Steve grabs a shard of glass and stabs him in the leg. He backhands Steve hard enough to send him flying.
And then, Steve pulls away, shaking his head.
If he were brave enough, strong enough, he would kill them all right now.
!” he exclaims, reaching over to the bedside table to pull open the drawer. “I suppose the last thing that either of us need is a baby during these times.”
Steve claps him on the shoulder. “I know,” he says, misery lining his face.
“They sterilised her,” Steve says, his mouth turning down at the corners.
Tony grins, dragging his finger over the bird-beak sharp lines of his collarbone. “What kind of fantasies?”
“Missed what?” Steve pushes.
to hate me. You have a husband and kids with the guy and I hate it, I hate it like I hate nothing else, but I’m fucking
“Finally, the guy that owned the joint did something stupid, pissed off some British soldiers, threw a bottle at a troop of them, called them a bunch of ‘
“I’m sorry I kept the secret from you, Tony,” he says, roughly. “I’m sorry I hurt you. I’m sorry that I put you in a position where Zemo could hurt you. If I could take it back, I would. If I could do things differently, I would. I just… I love you. I want to… if you’ll let me, I want to… I want to try and fix this. I want, I want us to be happy again; I want us to be together, and if you’ll let me, I want to spend the rest of our lives proving to you that you
Warnings for this chapter: use of gendered slurs by Tony against Natasha (which is not okay, even if Tony think that she and his husband are screwing), mild sexual content, low self-esteem.
Barnes’ grin spreads wide across his face, showing a row of straight, white teeth. “Then what are we waiting for?” he teases.
Rhodey told him that they have to disperse them over a body of water.
Steve blinks, slow and wide, as if not realising who’s coming towards them, and then, a grin splits his face, the sort of smile that Tony hasn’t seen in months, which makes his chest hurt just a little.
“You know what, I have something to show you,” Tony says, cajoling, and pulls out his phone, flicking it open to show the camera. “You remember how I told you that Appa makes phones, right?”
? What the
It’s a perfect fit.
straight to their faces.”
“Better a loyal wife than a man determined to make his brother’s omega anxious,” the woman retorts.
“Not in Russia, it didn’t,” Steve says, blowing out a breath between his teeth. “She spent a lot of time with them, years, where they abused her and tortured her and conditioned her. I think…” he hesitates. “I think it was a lot like what HYDRA did to Bucky.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, heavily.
Suddenly, the ground underneath him shakes and gives away, and the basket shifts from side to side with him inside. Tony clutches onto the scraping wicker on the inside, but somehow, he manages to wedge the top just an inch. Through the narrow slit of air, he can see Steve fighting off a bunch of Nazis.
“One move from any of you, and I will burn this place to the ground, including that chest,” Tony threatens.
“And if he thinks to–”
“So, what’s your proof, Tony? Because I have literal pictures of you at his apartment, smiling at him, touching him. Now, I don’t have a tape of him fucking you, because you’re smart and you got rid of the bugs, didn’t you?”
The plane begins to roll, rotating around its one still-blocked set of tires. Tony tries to push the pilot’s body off the throttle, but to no avail, as he’s a heavyset fellow.
Steve looks around, his brow furrowing. “Here?” he sounds almost aghast.
He starts moaning, his muscles straining, tendons taut against the skin, especially as Tony quickens the motions of his right hand, still rubbing the head with his left, and then, Steve comes – it’s not wet like Tony’s orgasm, there’s no actual come dribbling out of Steve’s cock, it’s not as intense and blinding, but judging by the slack look to Steve’s features, when he lifts his head, the dazed expression on his face and his eyes tells me that it was satisfaction, nonetheless.
him?”
“You are dangerous,” he says, peeking at his husband through his fingers.
He strides inside, and the apartment is just as bad as Tony thought it would be, at least from the outside. The walls are ratty, but with the wallpaper peeling off. There’s mould all along the crevices of the walls. The carpet is ripped up and suspiciously stained. The couch definitely looks like it’s seen better days.
“Oh, I’ve always respected your wealth; I just don’t want to be like all the other assholes that you’ve been with, who’ve used you as a convenient ATM and made you feel like shit when they didn’t return your feelings because they were incapable of returning your feelings,” Steve declares.
Steve holds his torch out like a lantern and begins a slow turn in a circle, his eyes peering into the gloom, examining every inch of the wall and ceiling.
He stands, allows Pepper to dress him in the clothing that Obadiah had bought for him, a dark grey doublet with white wolves embroidered, dark breeches and a cloth-of-gold half-cape to drape over his shoulder.
“I had all the business, if I thought you were using my friend,” Natasha says, acidly.
“So, how do you know that’s why they’re doing it?”
Peter frowns. “I think so,” he says, carefully. “Do they, are they doing this because they love me?”
“Explain what?” Tony asks, tiredly.
“I just
“I don’t see any evidence to the contrary,” Tony says, stubbornly. “I loved you,” his mouth trembles at the edges, “I loved you with everything in me. I thought, in some stupid, foolish way, that we’d… once you were done learning what you needed to learn from my father, we’d leave, and we’d go on all these adventures together, and we’d be together.” He looks down at his feet, his face hot with shame. “That’s what I wanted. I wanted you, and I wanted to stay with you, and it was only after you left that I realized that you didn’t want me back, that I’d made all of it up in my head.”
It is there, where Tony meets his goodbrother for the first time.
He is just as surprised to see them as they are to see him, but he recovers quickly, swinging a monkey wrench at Steve, deciding that he was the more pressing threat. Steve manages to grab the swinging arm before the wrench can make contact with him, and then, Tony is pressing himself against the wall, remaining hidden, moving fast among the crates, as Steve and the mechanic tumble out into the open, wrestling with each other.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip, and before he can overthink it, he stands up on his toes; he presses the flat of his palm against Steve’s chest, feeling closer to him than he has ever before, even on the day of their bonding; he can feel Steve’s heart beating, feels it in his hands, all the way down his arm and even in his chest if he believes it so – he leans up on his toes and presses his mouth against Steve’s.
“Anytime, and you never have to thank me,” Tony replies, feeling a little giddy himself at the thought of putting this look on Steve’s face.
“Yes,” Peter hisses, pumping his fist.
“Where have you been?” she demands. “We searched all over for you. You can’t just disappear from the damn hospital like that. Your arm was sliced open. You needed treatment.”
, Tony reminds himself.
Steve is the one to break the tension in the first instance, moving quickly through the flames, his eyes scanning the floor. He picks up his bullwhip and his crumpled hat, and Tony sets to searching for the medallion.
When no such visit comes, no such accusation is made, Tony breathes a sigh of relief, but his lungs don’t drop from his throat (he doubts they ever will, not until he dies and he doesn’t have some fleshy, earthly body to stow his worries as a parent in).
“How would that…” Steve clears his throat, “would that help you heal?”
made me feel like that. And my father, my… decent, loving father, never forgave me for ruining you, for violating you, for desecrating you. He blamed me, was convinced that I’d done something to run you off. He never let me live it down. He brought it up constantly to upset me. And then, he and my mother died, and I was left with nothing. He left me with nothing, so I had to make my own way. Funny that you now say that my father threatened to disown me and leave me with nothing because that’s exactly what he ended up doing to me. But I survived, Steve. I fucking survived. I survived you and I survived him and I made a life for myself before you showed up and fucking Nazis showed up, looking for that gem. I
Tony presses against the wall, his face twisting up; he chokes.
Tony looks up, and Zola has departed from the hole, Rumlow being the only one remaining.
But he knows all of it would be over the second he put it out into the universe. Whatever Schrodinger’s existence he had formed for himself since he’d first had that aching, nagging suspicion that Steve and Natasha Romanoff were more than just friends would crumble into dirt.
“Steve!” he shouts, his voice cracking.
Tony makes his way into the kitchen and over to the stove, and immediately switches off the fire. The oatmeal had risen up and spilled around the sides, and the inside of the pot is all a congealed, gloopy mess that makes Tony cringe, with that burned-sweet smell in the air that makes his eyes water.
“Yeah, well, one day, it’ll be you telling that to your kids. Now, go on inside. I’ll be back for the parade, huh?”
Steve saunters out of the curtains, wearing red boots and gloves, holding a triangular shield with painted stars and stripes, and there are dancing USO omegas, all scantily clad.
Steve nods, solemnly. “He could end the world with his fingers.”
James’ face cracks wide open. “Tony,” he says, agonised.
The nurse fills the vial, resting it beside a dozen others.
“Then, trust me to know what I’m doing,” Tony says, gently.
Tony snorts and leans back against the park bench.
“Because you never forgave me for leaving you, and I never forgave myself for leaving you either,” James goes on to say. “For that alone, please, just let me explain myself, let me explain what happened that night.”
“He-”
He tells him that he has to go to war, that the king has demanded that the Brooklyn Lands call their banners and join King Nicholas against Alexander Pierce, the man who believes he is more entitled to the throne than the sitting king.
Steve fists a hand in Tony’s hair, the burn from his scalp making the heat grow in his belly. “Do you have any idea what you feel like?” he demands.
“I just don’t foresee that being an issue,” he chooses to say.
“My place. My mom was at the hospital. I pushed her into talking about Stane, about the tapes.”
Steve feels a heart-wrenching mix of bitterness and grief.
Lube runs slick down his thighs and down James’ thighs, and it makes their fucking, all three of them, exceptionally wet, especially as Tony is breached, split open by the blunt pressure of James’ cock pushing deep inside him, and slowly filled up, and James follows the same action.
“Huh? Yeah, noisy as usual.  Glad we don't live here. Yeah, Aunt Janet says hi.”
“And let me guess, she passed you those photos of me and Tony out of SHIELD’s interests, right?”
Frankly, Tony thinks that it’s an act,
Steve stands up in a hurry, and then, his legs give out from underneath him. Tony makes an aborted lunge towards him, but Steve glowers hard enough that Tony backs down and allows him to steady himself on the edge of the couch, his bony hand pale and tight against the armrest.
“I accept that we have bonded, that our lives have commenced together on this day, but I will not come to your bed, not until you have reached eight and ten and you tell me that you wish for me to come to your bed. You must want it, or I could never dream of touching you.”
“And you have the fucking nerve to stand there and act
Another horse comes to a standstill, and Tony blinks in surprise when he realises that Lord Steven’s brother is the exact image of him.
The audience promptly laughs and applauds, enraptured, swooning, and Howard makes his way off the stage, heading straight for him.
Natasha nods, fervently. “I really tried to say no, but he wasn’t having it. He said that he was really grateful for my help, and so I took the necklace.”
Tony nods. “You know, my parents were still alive when Steve and I got together. They met him, they even liked him. My mother, who hated the idea of me with a boy, a white boy at that, loved him. My father loved him, even more than he loved me. But yeah, Steve knows, he knows what my father did to me, what my ex-boyfriend did to me. He knew all of it.”
Tony stretches with a wince. “God, I’m getting old,” he mutters under his breath.
“I just… it’s not that I don’t
He hands them a glass of water each.
Steve tilts his head. “And what, you didn’t know, then? You didn’t know about me being SHIELD? Or Natasha?”
Tony kisses him, hands framing his face.
Finally, Steve finds a light switch.
“Yeah, I loved it,” James snaps. “Yeah, I fucking loved it, because I
“Yeah?” Steve says, his smile turning a little lascivious at the edges.
“Yeah, I’ll marry you,” Tony replies, stoically.
Tony’s throat flexes. “I’m not sick,” he says, his voice strained.
Snakes are moving in force up the pillar toward Steve’s dwindling torch. Steve grasps the pillar for dear life, grimaces with exertion, and pushes against the wall with all he’s got. The pillar begins to break loose of the ceiling, then stops. Steve’s eyes are on the torch, which is just a spot of flame now.
Tony laughs, harsh and grating. “Me? Acting strange? Between the two of us, baby, I’m not the liar.”
Surprisingly, James doesn’t flinch at the word
Steve’s brow creases. “I don’t understand.”
But Tony imagines that they could not have been born within the same womb without some attachment to each other.
“Take care of yourself. I do not want to hear that you have not been eating or taking care of yourself,” he insists.
Steve grasps his hips, tight enough to bruise, and then, suddenly, the world is flipping around him, and he’s on top, straddling Steve, the only purchase he has his hands on Steve’s shoulders. Steve, who is suddenly underneath him, grips Tony’s waist, keeping him still, like a brand of ownership, and Tony sways forward.
The Nazi sentry is firing like crazy, and then, the mine car finally hits the ground, after such a harrowing descent, crashing into the Nazi, his machine gun, and a dozen, bursting seed bags, which are all slammed into the ocean in a wild, hurtling mass.
on me and deliver you hourly reports as to what your poor, homely husband is doing while you’re at work.”
to worry about it, worry about
“-because your precious Steve Rogers would never dream of falling in love with resident hedonist Tony Stark?” Tony taunts, with plenty of bite.
“Fuck, Steve,” he says, glowering.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought until all of this.”
James pulls away from Steve’s mouth and looks over his shoulder. “You don’t waste time, do you?”
poke the bear, James. Maybe we should leave things in the past where they belong.”
“Hey, Petey-pie,” Steve says, cheerfully, pressing a smacking kiss to the side of his head. “What are you and your Amma building?”
,” he stresses. “That hurt,” he says, almost surprised.
Steve perches on the edge of the couch. “I hope you know that I’m not sitting down because you told me to,” he says, stiffly.
“Do we have to look at these?” Steve mumbles, red spots in his cheeks.
,” Steve insists.
He descends into the boiler room, which seems to stretch the length and breadth of the entire preschool. Pipes and ventilation ducts snake all around him, and there is a row of old black filing cabinets lining one wall. Tools are strewn about, and in the centre of the boiler room sits an old wood-fire oven that serves as the trunk to a set of black pipes.
Tony sighs.
Yes, he actually admits that he’s a coward, and Tony’s left in stunned silence.
Dr. Zola steps forward, rubbing his hands together with a borderline smug smile pasted across his weaselly face.
? I don’t understand,” James says, softly.
“These men more than most,” Tony agrees.
Steve cringes.
that you hadn’t been with anyone else before me, Steve. It meant that you were completely mine, and I’ve told you that fifty-thousand times before, I’m sure. And fuck you, fuck you for slut-shaming me. I have never been secret about when I started having sex, Steve, or how much I’ve had it. You
Tony grabs the door, tugging; it’s locked; he pounds on it successively, three times.
that?” Tony demands.
, hard enough that Tony can’t stop the desperate-sounding whine that leaves him. He clenches down around his cock, especially when the head drags relentlessly against his prostate, and then, James is coming, it’s too much for him, and it’s with a deeply visceral pleasure that ripples through his body, rips right through him, and he leaves him wet and sticky between his legs, when he pulls out, and Steve, almost immediately, without waiting a moment, without giving an inch, wraps his warm, big palm around Tony’s flushed, weeping cock and pulls upward in a firm, almost painful stroke, and Tony comes, comes so hard that there’s a blinding flash of white in his eyes, and he’s spurting all over his belly.
Steve shrugs him off, and there’s a strain to his voice. “But as it stands, it looks like I’m stuck like this,” he says, bitterly.
What strikes him the most, more than the fact that Peter and Maushmi feel so distant from their father that they don’t even count him as part of the family any more, as if he were no more of a stranger, the stranger that sometimes comes home, eats dinner with them and sleeps in Appa’s bed, the sum and total of his presence in their lives, is the fact that Peter thought that someone would look at his original drawing, worry about what people would say when they saw it and decided to make another to appease their sentiments.
Tony purses his lips thin. “Your behaviour, it must change. It is not welcome,” he says, sternly, his hands on his lip.
“No,” Tony blurts out without thinking, closing his eyes. “No, don’t…” he trails off, something curling in his belly, hot and mocking.
Abraham winces. “Not as much as I should have.” He turns to Tony. “How are your levels, Mr. Stark?”
Steve sits up at the sudden noise, his eyes going wide when he sees that it’s Tony.
She stretches out her hand, approaching him like he’s a skittish deer, and he takes her hand, allowing her to pull him to his feet.
Tony nods, as he kicks aside a burning chair.
Steve huffs out a laugh. “This is probably the longest conversation I’ve ever had with one. Omegas aren’t exactly lining up to dance with the alpha they might step on.”
Tony nods.
“No wonder you fell for Tony too,” he growls against James’ shoulder blade.
James laughs. “Yes, of course.”
Tony is staring at him, wondering if he had walked through some gaping hole in the world without ever realising it – he waits, waits, hoping that Lord Steven changes his mind, decides to tup him the way that alphas are supposed to on their bonding nights.
“Oh, I know,” Natasha says, brushing past him without any need of an invitation inside. “I just thought this would be a good chance for us to bond.”
He waits outside the door until the teacher pokes her head out, her face soft and inviting, the sort of faces that teachers who teach little children have, and she lets him come inside.
“Yeah,
“Of course we can. I don’t have anything else planned today. What about you, Tony?”
Tony offers her a smile, hoping that it comes out non-offensive. “You were talking about the kids in the context of James, Steve and I being in a relationship,” he offers.
“I shouldn’t… I don’t know if anyone told you, but we went to that garden that Nebula told us about–”
“We, uh,” Steve exchanged a look with Bucky, “only if you agree, of course, but we want to adopt Peter.”
“In the most high and palmy state of Rome, a little ere the mightiest Julius fell...”
“His name really is James.”
The emotion spreads through his body like a floodgate breaking, and he feels it in his throat, a little, hopeful knot forming there, something which he doesn’t know how to quite define, and before he can do something so stupid like cry, he clears his throat and pats the bed beside him.
“Daddy, is that you?” Peter asks, rubbing his damp face against Steve’s shoulder.
Be strong, they said.
“That’s not true,” Maushmi protests.
Tony purses his lips thin. “Steve said he was picking up the kids today, didn’t he?”
“You okay?” he says, his voice sleep-rough.
Loki chuckles, and Tony has the sudden urge to repeatedly bury his fist in his face – but he also knows that would resoundingly upset Thor and make him mope around the tower and not even pop tarts would be able to pull him out of his funk.
James sighs. He grabs Tony suddenly by the waist and moves him bodily to the side. “Let me do this, would you?”
“These two have declared their consent to be married before God,” the priest says, grandly, “and what God joins together, let no one put asunder. I assume you have rings.”
The rate at which he’s moving speeds up, and he realizes that they’re moving him as fast as they can through the streets, the alleys, and the passageways thick with people.
“She… she doesn’t know about Bucky; she doesn’t know about anything personal to do with you, I promise. And she definitely doesn’t know I used to be a total shrimp when I was younger. She thinks I was always-”
Tony goes on. Then, he stops and looks back again.
“You have,” Tony agrees. “But you weren’t trying to prove a point when you were possessive before. Before, you would have socked a frat guy in the face for getting too handsy with me because you knew I didn’t like it. You were never possessive with a selfish edge, Steve. Now, you are. This whole thing,” he gestures to the bed, “that we just did, that was all about you. You wanted to prove to me that there is no one else in the world for me but you.”
“No, you’re not,” James says, sternly. “Have you looked at yourself in the mirror recently? You look like shit.”
Tony uses the feathers as a distraction, diving for escape.
“No, stop fucking defending him,” Tony snaps Jarvis into silence. He rounds on his father. “I think you did it for yourself. I think you did it to protect yourselves, to make yourselves feel better.”
I’ll fuck you, come inside you or come all over that slutty hole of yours. Which sounds better?”
alone here without a friend to go and fight another man’s war. Is that the character of a man that loves you?”
His eyes find the ceiling again; he ignores the way that Grant leaves stinging bites all over his body; he ignores the snap of his hips between Tony’s thighs, the solid, agonising pressure and girth of his cock inside Tony’s body, and he just prays that Grant will finish up quickly and let him leave, let him escape to his room, so that he can pretend that this night never happened, that he was never so stupid enough to come to Grant’s room like this.
won’t be less, Steve.”
on you, not on you. For fuck’s sake, he looks at you like you put the stars in the sky each night. He wouldn’t… it’s just, it’s not his style. He wouldn’t give it up, not everything that you have together, your beautiful children, for something cheap and tawdry.”
He pulls the covers back and slips out of the bed, making his way out of the guest room and closing the door behind him. He pads along the corridor, praying desperately that the kids won’t wake up early enough to find him doing the walk of shame back to his own bedroom.
“And you lied to me about it when I asked you,” he says, his voice sharpening at the edges.
Steve’s brow furrows. “What?”
“That’s exactly why you’re a great father,” James says, firmly. “It’s because you know what
“Come on!” Steve says and tangles his hand with Tony’s, dragging him along.
Somehow, he manages to make it up to the sixth floor, without a wheeze or any shortness of breath, and he finds James’ apartment. He stands in front of it for a moment, the last chance to stop himself before he does something he might regret, becomes a person he won’t like when he looks at himself in the mirror.
. This is proof. I have this, and no one can take this away from me, because it’s not just a story, not just a myth. This gem is real;
“I’m sorry,” he says, his voice thick and wet, like he wants to cry. “I’m sorry, fuck, I’m so sorry, Tony. I treated you… I treated you like worse than a fucking child. I shouldn’t have, I
“Steve?”
“You don’t know him. Steve’s not-”
These men, and the ones who came before them, had the audacity to steal a symbol that means prosperity and good luck, and they wear it so shamelessly on their breast as they do abominable, evil things to people who happened to not be born blonde-haired and blue-eyed and fair-skinned.
“That’s such fucking
Again, bear in mind what I said about this fic, because the rape/sexual assault is in this chapter.
was death. I was hurting people, and I was calling it justice, and you smiled at me like I was the fucking hero. And I loved that you looked at me like that. And then, I started to love you, because you were so kind, so smart, and you didn’t flinch, you were so fucking brave. And you were still looking at me like that, even after I told you what I was, what I’d done. And then, when it was all done, when HYDRA wasn’t going to fucking poison Massachusetts, I thought about taking you with me when I found out about another HYDRA base in Argentina. I thought about stealing you from MIT and never letting you go. And then, I thought, I
He drives like hell to the hospital.
“You will never understand what it’s like for me, as a brown man with brown children, to watch as my white husband outwardly prefers a
He thinks Bucky and Sam know about what he does; he thinks they’re so loyal to him that they don’t say anything, or maybe they realise the good in what he’s doing.
He’ll do better tonight.
A man kneels before him, his armour so fine and handsome that Tony blinks at it. He lifts his head, and Tony’s heart catches in his chest, as he thinks it is his alpha, when the man snatches up his hand and presses a dry kiss to the knuckles.
Tony shakes his head.
It takes them six dates, despite Tony and Steve’s rigorous flirting, and when Steve drops him back at home, Tony grips him by the black tie that he’s wearing, twisting it around the width of his palm, and drags him in, so that he can stick his tongue in Steve’s mouth.
Sarah rears back in surprise.
He walks, slowly but surely, until he lands in front of Steve’s chambers. He knocks on the door, waiting with his belly tumbling all over again.
, Tony. That necklace… she was helping me out with buying your birthday present, and while I was there at the store, I decided to buy her something as well, you know, as a thank you for being such a good friend.”
“I did not think I was the frightening kind,” he says, his smile growing.
“Why, Tony? I don’t understand. I don’t know why. If there was nothing going on between the two of you-”
, Steve. You wanted to fuck me because you’re suddenly having serious concerns about what I do when you’re not here and when the kids are at school. You wanted to fuck me because you want to prove to me that nothing else can possibly compare to the orgasm you give me in this bed, or the sense of satisfaction I get by taking care of our children. You wanted to prove that I am now and forever will be a complete slave to my libido, and orgasms are the centre of my entire existence. Did that please you, Steve? Did it make you feel better about yourself? Making me realise, hell,
Needless to say, Tony wins and happily collects his reward in kisses.
Natasha flushes. “Oh, well, if you insist,” she gushes.
“And?” Steve persists.
There’s a spark of anger in Stone’s eyes, a vivid, vicious jealousy that Steve can practically taste in the air, and he realises that this isn’t just some relationship that became abusive; he misjudged something here.
Now, they won’t lose any more time.
you, right? Do you really think you could satisfy someone like Toni, Toni
Tony doesn’t offer any platitudes; if Natasha is anything like him, and he thinks she is, they won’t be well-received, and besides, he doesn’t think there’s anything he
“You’d never give it up for anyone but me, would you?”
? You want our parents? This is
James purses his lips thin, so tight that Tony can see the seam between them turn white. “Cut one head off, and two more grow back in its place,” he intones, with a curling grin that bares just a slip of his sharp, white teeth.
“It wasn’t that,” Peggy says, quietly. “I had faith.”
“How does it feel, Buck? Is it everything that you thought it would be?” Steve growls in his ear.
, Steve. It’s by virtue of the fact that you’re white and I’m not. It means that you having an affair is made even worse by the fact that you chose a white woman
“And you are overstepping,” Tony growls, his voice low, finding his courage somewhere.
And yes, JARVIS is right, because anything is better than going up to that cold bed of his.
Pepper gnaws on her lower lip, and with great lack of enthusiasm, she unbolts the door and pulls it open, revealing Lord Steven standing on the other side, his eyes on the ground, one foot turned up to the ceiling. He lifts his eyes, and Tony is struck by the resolute look in his pale eyes.
“But Steve just looked down his nose at the guy, quite literally too, because he was at least a foot taller than him, and said, ‘It doesn’t look like he’s interested. Maybe you should leave.’”
“Thank you,” he says, effusive with gratitude. “But yeah, he’s… I don’t know how he feels about it now, but he definitely was thinking that I was lying to him from the beginning, like I was playing the long game, or hedging my bets, or it was just some elaborate honeypot scheme with James being my real, proper lover behind the scenes, so that I could access to secret, classified SHIELD intel.”
, he reminds himself).
“Now,” he claps his hands together, smiling wide for the kids’ sake, at least, “shall we get back to that broccoli?”
wife.”
, Tony thinks, and then, before he even knows what he’s doing, he’s getting his hands on the unconscious Nazi’s submachine gun. It roars to life in his hands, and the small Nazi runs for cover, as Tony gets control of the gun and levels it. The small Nazi dives around the end of the bar opposite Tony. When he has set himself, he peeks up over the edge of the scorched bar.
“Yeah, I like that,” Steve replies, his pale eyes rapt, as he watches Tony take himself in hand and palms at himself.
“Well?” Obadiah says, slightly impatiently. “Do you like him?”
Sometimes, immediately post his relationship with Steve ending, he’d pick fights with people, in alleyways, in underground rooms, and it would leave him bruised and bloodied and cringing from the soreness all over his body.
“I am Loki–”
Tony still lusted after Steve as much as he ever did, and it’s a terrible, destructive wound when Steve rejects him, even if he’d kind and gentle about it.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Howard mutters.
At the end, he will have all of them, and he will be happy.
The three burly-looking men begin to wander around the bar, peering around, presumably to ensure that they are alone.
dream about last night?”
“And I’m not an idiot, okay? I know you don’t want to hear this. I know you don’t want to hear anything about my marriage, and I completely understand why, but I don’t…” he looks away. “I don’t know who else to tell,” he whispers. “No one else knows what’s going on, James, what we’re doing here, that it’s completely innocent. And it’s awful of me, and it’s selfish of me, but-”
“Tony? Tony, what are you doing here?”
She doesn’t blame them, thankfully, but she does address the elephants in the closet, the bleeding, bruised parts of themselves that they don’t want to acknowledge but she hears very clearly.
“On your back, baby,” Steve coaxes, prodding at Tony’s shoulder with the palm of his hand.
Tony loves his husband, loves him more than he loves almost anything else in the world (the almost being his children, who give him a reason to breathe in the morning when he wakes up), hasn’t stopped loving him in all of these years, and most likely loves him even more now, but with Steve’s long hours at work, Tony has become a single parent, effectively.
He runs off, and Tony and Steve are left gaping at the space he had just occupied.
Tony and Steve exchange a look.
“What do you mean?”
“They’re lavender. They’re your favourite, right?”
“I am your
Not all of them, though; not all of them will ever be healed.
The resident turns with the needle, and it’s Obadiah.
Snakes are sliding up toward his hands.
“Thor was going to officiate the wedding,” Toni reminds him. “We might be missing a key component of the wedding if he leaves.”
One night that Steve comes home from one of his ‘conferences’, they all sit down for dinner. The children are ecstatic that Steve is home and is actually present to have a meal with them, and Tony, Tony plasters joy across his face like cement and hopes, prays, that no one realises, especially the kids.
“My lord–”
“Do you not want me to call you daddy, Daddy?” Peter asks, innocently.
“Hurry up,
“Well, they look at you like something new and shiny, because they don’t see you as much. They want everything from you, because they feel like they don’t get much.”
“Everything’s going to be fine, Tony. You’ll realise after this that everything’s fine, that your honour doesn’t lie between your legs. Hell, Steve doesn’t even have to find out. If you want it to remain secret, I’ll happily acquiesce. In fact, it’s much better that way, having to steal away for a few moments.”
“General Patton has said that “wars are fought with weapons and won by men”.” Phillips’ eyes travel across the line, landing on the alpha from the fair, and his frown deepens, as he directs a glare in Abraham’s direction. “We’re going to win this war because we have the best men... and because they are going to get better.
him; you think just because you watched us for a week, that I told you about how we met, you
“But you care about the Winter Soldier,” Steve says, quietly, wiping at his face.
Steve glowers at him. “As what, a lab rat? The serum worked!”
“You want to suck my cock, do ya, honey?” Steve croons.
“Tony!” He hears Steve shout from below.
“I’m sure,” Steve says, half-heartedly.
There are tears dripping down his face, turning the skin sallow and grey and damp.
,” he says, tugging on the hems of his leather jacket, “is annoying me.”
“Okay, let’s go,” Tony says, quickly.
“Well, I’m glad that you got to assault him, and it made your day.”
Tony’s consent is not asked, nor is it expected.
Tony sits up, ignoring the insistent throb between his legs, the pain that is almost a comfort to him, now that he knows that he is not insane, that he didn’t dream of Grant’s desire for him, that this, this awful thing, actually happened.
“Now, I’m sure the two of you would have been very careful about introducing the person that you were seeing to your children. Children at that age become very attached to this image that they have of their parents and the relationship that they see between the two of you, especially in happy, functional homes, like yours. It’s hard for them to transition from that sort of household to something else. Now, children, of course, are very malleable and can be quite open to those changes, and it’s always better when they’re younger, which of course, is not to suggest that people should try and get divorced when their kids are younger if they can help it, but it is… a lot easier and a lot more palatable for young children to get used to changes in relationship dynamics between their parents. Older children, children in their teenage years, don’t always react well, and that reaction often blends in a negative way with the onset of puberty and can manifest in anger and guilt and a tendency to make the parents feel guilty for changing their family, or
It was wrong, what he did, to force Steve into something that he was uncomfortable with, the same way that he had been uncomfortable with what Grant had did to him – that is a truth.
Square Filled: T1 - AU: Canon Divergence
Steve purses his lips thin. “Okay, if I have to choose, I’d like the second option.”
. Get up, get the fuck up.”
, and for you to sit there and tell me that you broke my heart to
“Carrying you to bed.”
“I just want to see if she’s okay!” Tony insists.
“No, Tony, I don’t need to because I already know what’s in there!” Howard roars right back, stunning Tony into silence.
Ana’s eyes dart to the TV, and she slaps it off. She moves over, fluttering across the floor like her feet don’t touch the ground, and hugs Tony, hard enough that he can feel his ribs protesting.
Steve makes a face. “I didn’t say I agreed with it. He, and a couple of other people down there, have made it clear that they think my family compromises me.”
at that, considering that Tony’s sire is a Jewish alpha whose family had come to America on a boat and his bearer is an Tamil omega, daughter of a small landowner before driven away from the motherland by the British, whose yoke never seemed to end, no matter where they go), they deck themselves out in pearls and pomade and sweet scents that contain pheromones to attract high society alphas, as the advertisements always promise.
“We?” Steve clarifies, stepping forward, his hands shaking by his side, balled into a fist.
Peter and Maushmi lead him to the dining table, as Steve slings an arm around Tony’s waist, nuzzling at his temple. James turns his head over his shoulder and shoots them a
“After all, Steve and I are brothers, and brothers are meant to share; so, what if we shared an omega between us? If you’d grown big with my child, Steve would have no other option but to claim it anyway; after all, it would be his kin as well, and no one would ever be able to tell that we’d put horns on him. There would be no shame, because there would be no risk that the child wouldn’t look like Steve.”
So, maybe, it was him. Maybe Steve had lost interest in
He didn’t used to be like that; he was shy once, when it came to Tony looking at him naked, a vulnerability that he only shared with Tony. When had he changed? When had he become so confident? Had Tony done this to him, or was it Natasha? Did she make him more confident, more loved, more attractive than Tony had?
Steve grins at him.
,” she says, beseechingly.
“I’ll keep them here until you have a chance to talk with your James and Steve,” Wanda agrees.
“You just left me there. If we… if all you wanted was a roll in the hay, someone to help you through your heat, you could have
“What the hell do you know exactly, because I’d love to hear it?” Steve demands.
“No more,” Tony insists. “No more. Just… just fuck me, Rogers. Don’t tease.”
“I know it sounds weird. I know it sounds like I’m a total headcase. I don’t blame you for doubting me or thinking that I’m crazy. I don’t at all,” he says in a rush. “I just… he was there, and–”
“I do, I want to be put away wet,” Tony insists. “I want you to come all over me. I want you to make me all filthy and messy, sir.”
“Are you crazy?” Tony shouts.
“I’m done,” he says, briskly, and climbs out of the bed, taking the towel that Natasha hands him, drying himself, rubbing where he’s already raw to make sure he wipes up any dirt that he didn’t catch.
Tony makes his way over to the fire, which is shrinking in the fireplace. He jabs at it abstractedly with a poker, thinking of Steve Rogers, how he looked, compared to the last time that Tony had seen him. He was taller, sure, with broader shoulders, but his hair was still like gold, and his eyes the same blue as a summer storm, and he smiled the same, smiled with his entire face like he was a kind and gentleman. He was none of those things.
“I told you I’d get the truck.”
Steve’s hand cracks down on his ass, and Tony yelps, tightening up around him almost instinctively, and Steve groans in response, with dirty little grinds like he’s trying to prolong everything so when he comes, it’ll be magnificent.
“The necklace, Steve; why don’t you explain the fucking necklace?” Tony barks.
Tony is good with pain.
“This is weird,” Tony feels the need to say.
Those are the snide thoughts that rise to his tongue, but somehow he manages to stifle it.
“Sir–” Jarvis tries.
Rumlow and his Nazi friend are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check out the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place behind the truck is another open staff car. But this one makes Tony’s gut churn because mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned by a gunner.
“But you have to know that Steve would never do anything like cheat on you,” Natasha insists. “He loves you. He talks about you all the time. He’d never hurt you like that, Tony.”
And so, the problem is solved.
And then, his lungs protest, and they part with a gasp.
“Of course,” Wanda says, pleasantly enough, and turns over her shoulder to yell. “Kids, your dad is here. You ready to go?”
Finally, Steve opens his eyes, stares straight at him.
to my stomach.”
Tony draws them both into an embrace, lifts them into his lap. “I have you. I’m never going to let anything happen to you, okay? I love you both so much. I love you.”
A month later, Tony forces Steve to come out with him to dinner. He accosts him just as he’s coming in through the door, dumping his shoulder bag on the couch.
James glides back out, a new fervour in his blood, and then, shoves back in, fucks him stupid and through the mattress, as he’s fucked back and forth between Steve and Tony. Steve eases into his, cursing against James’ shoulder at what Tony remembers is a tight fit, even around his fingers.
“It’s nothing that I haven’t heard before.”
“You’re wrong,” Tony says, taking a step closer to him. “You’re wrong about why I left you in that hotel room. It didn’t, it didn’t have anything to do with the fact that I saw you as nothing more than a roll in the hay. It wasn’t that at all. I wasn’t…” He closes his eyes. “You didn’t bite me.”
“Why would I want to do that?” Steve replies, without missing a beat.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice sounds absolute, and he can hear it even above the running rotors, feels it deep in his bones, “Tony, fall, and I’ll catch you.”
A knot tightens in his belly. “Excuse me?”
“I am, and you love me this way,” Tony says, his voice low and soft.
Tony’s face flickers with surprise, but he recovers quickly.
Tony chews on his lip. “How would you like me?” he asks, a little seductively.
Steve, on the other hand, he goes to Sam, gives him the shield.
Steve’s eyes wander from his brother’s dead body to Tony, seated on his bed, drenched in blood.
Steve looks at him, alarmed. “Did I, did I do something wrong?”
Tony swallows past the lump in his throat. “That’s because I miss him,” he says, quietly, “and it hurts to think about him. I got… I got really good at compartmentalising when I was a kid, so if something hurts, I’m very good at not thinking about it. Maybe that’s wrong. Maybe that’s doing him a disservice, because he was important to me. I did love him. He did feel like a son to me, and I
“Because we killed him,” Maushmi drawls, and there’s something fierce, mutinous to her voice, to her expression, like guilt has tried to dig its claws in her and failed, because she feels so confident, so
Steve was voracious and hungry and inescapable, and he used to sneak up on Tony like some jungle cat waiting for its prey, wraps his arms around Tony with fierce enthusiasm and takes his mouth with terrible want, and then, it would inevitably devolve into him bearing Tony down often to the bed and fucking him until he can’t get air into his lungs and his eyes roll back in his head.
Steve pulls Peter away, his hands gentle on the young man’s shoulders. Peter is sobbing just like Pepper is, and Pepper opens her arms up to him (maybe it’s the developing romance that was brewing between Pepper and May before she dusted that allows Peter to fall into her arms easily, but in any case, whatever receding thought that he continues to have is thankful for it).
And then, suddenly, there’s a loud, caterwauling sound, and Zola and his men look in the direction of what seems to an explanation.
Tony chews on his lower lip. “What would you say if I told you that your Daddy and I were seeing James?”
Tony lifts his head from his tablet. “What?” he snaps.
Summary: In 1939, Tony Stark's bar in Bangalore goes up in flames when his ex-lover, Steve Rogers, comes looking for an artefact that belonged to his father, and before he knows what is happening, he finds himself joining forces with Steve to foil a Nazi plot to find the fabled Syamantaka Gem, rumoured to ensure that its bearer would never encounter any calamities and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude, before they can use the gem's unbelievable powers to turn the tide of the war in Hitler's favour.
“Look, you put a needle in that guy’s arm, it’s gonna come out the other side.”
Something soft curls in the empty spaces between the lines of his ribs. “Yeah, I am,” he says, roughly. “I am very proud.”
“No, baby, actually, she’s kind of right. You were talking too much,” Steve replies, clearly taking advantage of the situation to pay him back for his earlier Fudge Pops comment.
Steve grins at him, a bold show of his straight, white teeth. “So, I’m getting warmer?” He looks at James. “He thinks that we look like gods, and while I appreciate the comparison, and he doesn’t match up to us.”
Steve smiles behind his hand, unable to help himself.
Bhim’s eyes slide over Tony’s shoulder to fixate on Steve lingering behind him, awkwardly. “I can see that.”
There’s a lump in Tony’s throat. “How do you know he’s dead?” he asks in a small voice, in a child’s voice.
. He’s been my friend for over a decade. I
“Shh, Daddy, Appa’s sleeping,” Tony hears Peter’s not quite stage whisper.
“But you are too young,” Lord Steven retorts.
“I mean, do you have any idea what it was like for me here?” Tony demands. “You were never here. You were… you were always gone, and it was just me, just me and the kids, and they’re not dumb, Steve. They can tell that you’re not around as much as you should be, and they… they didn’t even tell me how they were feeling. They completely internalised it, and do you have any fucking idea how I felt when I went to that stupid parent-teacher interview and showed me those pictures and I realised just how fucking much we’d failed as
“Depends?” Steve’s smile is weak. “Do you think I’ll live?”
Tony narrows his eyes. “Is that because he thinks that I might kill someone else, or because he thinks that I might do something to myself?”
Steve tumbles onto his back.
“But the kids-”
“Should we kiss now?”
Steve insists on paying since he’s the one who asked Tony out. He tells Tony he can pay next time and Tony gleefully accepts. Because the idea of a
“I can’t believe you’re being rude to one of the great servicemen of our country. Shame on you.” Rhodey laughs, leaning back in his chair.
great. I meant
Tony turns his attention on Steve and asks, “So no giant stack of papers to go through tonight?”
The man listens intently as Tony gives a brief description of each roast, and does the sniff test when Tony tells him to. In the end, he picks a light roast that’s one of Tony’s favorites.
The idea comes to Tony one day as he’s nursing a latte in a coffee shop down the street from Stark Tower. He had finally finished going over R&D’s latest project and found a chance to escape from work to wind down a little bit. Sitting there basking in the cozy atmosphere of the cafe, he sees how comfortable so many of the patrons look — how content they are to casually spend time with their friends as if they have nothing to worry about at the moment. For the most part the baristas seem happy too, with their friendly greetings and widening smiles when they see regulars walk through the door.
For a moment, Tony thinks Steve will refuse, and he prepares himself for the inevitable rejection. But the blush creeping into Steve’s cheeks, followed by his apprehensive though delighted nod makes Tony’s heart leap with joy.
“So this is Butterfingers. Butterfingers, this is Steve.”
Tony frowns, “...okay, that’s fair.”
They get along like a house on fire afterwards, bonding over their mutual love of art. Tony leaves them to it and tunes them out once they start talking about their opinions on post modern art and its presence within the city.
“Oh, of course, this can’t be your only job.” Steve nods in understanding, then frowns. “I was actually wondering, doesn’t the shop close at 6? Why are you still working when it’s almost 9?”
Tony’s ears redden.
It’s comfortable. Y NOT quickly becomes Tony’s safe space, like his workshop in the tower. But unlike the workshop, Y NOT is the safe space where Tony goes to welcome socializing, not escape from it.
Steve shakes Butterfingers’ hand. “Hey there. If your name is Butterfingers, should you really be around fragile ceramics and glassware?”
at naming things. All his products are attached with “Stark” because he’s only creative with designs and not words. When he does attempt to think of non-Stark names, well...he named his bots DUM-E and U.
“Can I say something?” Steve requests.
Sensing Steve’s hesitation, Tony barrels on. “I know that sometimes my wealth can make other people uncomfortable. And people feel intimidated by me when they first meet me. But if this is something we can work through, I’d like to try. I really, really like you, Steve.”
“Well, don’t let us keep you,” Rhodey offers, not wanting to take up any more of his time.
“The boss doesn’t mind?”
It doesn’t take long for Tony to learn all there is about the art of making coffee. After all, he became an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics practically overnight (which he would never regret. Bruce Banner is now his science bro forever and always), so spending two weeks at home experimenting with different roasts and learning how to make espresso-based drinks wasn’t a hardship at all.
Tony has wanted to see Steve’s work for quite some time. He’d been shy about it before, not wanting more attention than he thinks he deserves.
“I thought you worked part-time in robotics? Or maybe you were a freelance product designer or something? And that you got the rest of your paycheck from working as a barista.
Tony spends the next hour and a half experimenting with different roasts and combinations and creamers until they find the exact perfect blend for him. This time, when he takes a sip, his grin does something to Tony that he hadn’t been prepared for.
Tony decides early on that the shop is going to be his own private passion project. He doesn’t want the cafe to be associated with SI in any way, so giving it the Stark name is out of the question. The problem is, he
Over time, Tony gets to know more about Steve through shy, brief conversations at the testing stations. He’s a born-and-bred Brooklynite, went to Pratt and graduated with a degree in fine arts, but ultimately pursued a career in teaching to pay the bills. His mother’s a nurse and raised him all by herself after his dad died when Steve was four. He likes to draw in his free time, and he loves his students just as much as he loves his art.
Overwhelmed, and with his heart in his throat, Tony looks back up to see Steve standing there nervously, waiting for a reaction from Tony.
There are days when Tony wishes his life were a little simpler.
His new customer’s cheeks redden. “Uh.. Just a black coffee.”
thrills him.
Tony knows, practically, that he has too much on his plate to even consider a venture like this. And as much as he loves coffee, these businesses are a dime a dozen in New York. The romantic that’s usually hidden deep down within him, however, decides he wants it anyway. He’s going to open his own coffee shop.
“Yes. Absolutely. Yes.”
Tony perks up, delighted to hear that Steve noticed when he wasn’t around. But Steve has to know that his full time gig as a billionaire industrialist takes time away from being at Y NOT. “Well, you know, my day job got a bit busy the last few days so I could only come by in the off hours.”
Tony’s not sure where he went wrong or if there was something he did between the trip from the restaurant to the tower that may have made Steve change his mind. The last thing he wants to do is pressure Steve into anything he isn’t ready for, particularly if he’s uncomfortable even being around Tony. But they’d had such a nice time, hadn’t they? Was he completely blind to the fact that Steve found him repulsive?
“Do you have a particular roast in mind?”
“Aw honey bear, you know you can’t get rid of me that easily.” Tony grins, looking back toward Steve.
“I like Tony the genius, billionaire.”
Out of the corner of his eyes, he sees Steve frown a bit as he walks back to his table.
“Maybe one day.” Tony finds he means it.
The actual hardest part, he finds, comes the day he registers his new business and has to give it a name.
His heart warms as he realizes his friend circle is slowly expanding. This is exactly what he was hoping for when he first decided to open his own coffee shop.
“Okay.”
Standing in the midst of a bustling cafe with friends surrounding him, Tony hadn’t expected his happiness to come in such strides. What started out as an experimental way for him to deal with his stress, quickly turned into something even better than he imagined.
“It’s obvious you have a crush on him, and it’s obvious he likes you too,” he supplies.
. Have time for himself, work on things unrelated to SI, discover what he’s passionate about besides the advancement of technology, and maybe develop some genuine relationships with people who care about him as just Tony. Not Tony Stark.
There is only one customer so far, as Tony had forgotten to post the hours yet again. Halfway through cleaning the espresso machine, Steve walks in.
The next time Rhodey is back in town, Tony introduces him to Steve and his friends.
Intrigued, Tony stops what he’s doing and gives Steve his full attention, dropping his failed attempt at acting casual. “A surprise gift? Those are the best.”
Steve becomes a regular off-hour customer over the next two months.
Why not? His family has a habit of naming companies after themselves after all.
“Um, no… I don’t really have much of a preference.” His eyes don’t quite meet Tony’s, and for a moment, he thinks he’s offended the man.
Pepper sniffles a bit as they hug, and he knows he’s made the right decision.
Sure, Tony can honestly say that he enjoys seeing how his inventions are impacting the world in positive and meaningful ways. But the thing is, being the CEO, CTO, and head of R&D for a global tech conglomerate is exhausting. When he’s not holed up in his workshop designing and testing his latest products for Stark Industries, he’s dealing with shareholders and potential investors, or attending snobby galas full of people who are interested only in his money. The only time he’s not directly dealing with SI business is when he visits children’s hospitals and orphanages on behalf of the Maria Stark Foundation, which he truly enjoys because the kids are delightful, but even then he has his publicist following him around and his charitable partnerships manager updating him with details of his next commitment.
my boss, technically. She’s my CEO, which definitely ranks above CTO and let’s be real, she’s been running my life since before I gave her the promotion. My paycheck is just a little steadier, and uh, heftier, than you thought.”
Rhodey’s laughter follows him.
He looks at his name. Tony. This started because he wanted time to be just Tony. TONY. YNOT. Y NOT?
“I know.”
great,” he finishes purposefully, carefully, his cheeks and neck bright red.
“Thanks, this is perfect,” he says, taking another sip from his new favorite coffee, “I’m Steve, by the way.”
The date goes really well. Better, in fact, than Tony ever imagined.
Together, they finish up the rest of Tony’s closing duties in record time. Tony locks up the store and takes Steve’s hand in his as they walk down the street.
Surprised, and even more amused, Tony takes the cup of coffee off the table and promptly tosses the contents out the door. “Come on.”
As they step out of the elevator, Tony is about to ask if Steve is alright when the man in question cuts through the silence.
“Dude, trust me. You’re practically all he talks about. I’m almost worried I’ve been replaced as his best friend.” Rhodey slaps Tony on the shoulder before rubbing the spot gently.
“Is something wrong with your coffee?” he asks politely. Not everyone is pleased with their first cup. But with some tinkering, he usually always finds the blend that works well for each patron.
Tony quickly learns that Steve is caring and compassionate in a way that only a teacher can be, putting his students before himself, and holding their wellbeing and education to the highest standard. Tony only wishes that his teachers were as thoughtful when he was the gawky fourteen year old kid in advanced arithmetic courses at MIT.
“You’re a teacher?”
“Go for it.”
“But I prefer Tony the barista.” Steve’s grip tightens to prevent Tony from slipping away from him.
is something he never considered.
His heart sinks and his fingers loosen their hold on Steve.
He doesn’t want to sound ungrateful, because he knows he’s luckier than most, to be born not only into a wealthy family, but also blessed with stellar intellect. Many people would be happy with just one of the two. But this also means many people have no idea the kind of stress and pressure Tony constantly feels in his everyday life.
Steve smiles at the two of them and nods. “This will definitely take a while.”
Butterfingers nods in agreement.
Small, blond, and skinny, the guy seems like he’s ready for the day to end. He looks exhausted, and if Tony were Pepper, he’d tell the guy to maybe get some sleep, not caffeine. But Tony isn’t Pepper, and he’s proud of the coffee he serves at Y NOT, and he’s already counting on it to get the man to come back another time.
After Steve leaves, Rhodey turns to Tony and asks, “So, Mr. Stank, when are you going to ask Steve on a date?”
Tony’s eyes follow Steve to his usual table before he turns back to Rhodey, narrowing his eyes at the man skeptically. “What are you talking about?”
Walking back over, Tony places the mug down on the the table and takes a seat next to Steve. Butterfingers rolls over and nudges Steve’s hand.
“Tony...” Steve squeezes his hands gingerly.
“It’s not...its not about the wealth. It’s just, you’re Tony Stark.” Steve heaves a sigh, his shoulders slumping. “You’re amazing on so many levels and you can have anyone you want. You can be dating buff athletes and beautiful models. Why would you want a skinny, scrappy teacher from Brooklyn?”
?!” He exclaims.
After paying for his order, the man heads over to an empty table, pulls out a pen and giant stack of papers, and gets settled in.
In order to fulfill his new dream, Tony hands off some of his responsibilities to Pepper. Since he hired her, she has been the backbone of not only Stark Industries but also his life. She’s the most supportive person he’s known throughout his entire adult life and Tony isn’t sure where he would be now without her. Pepper has been an amazing friend. She has his and the company’s best interests at heart at all times, and he can’t think of anyone more capable of taking over the reins at SI. So he steps down as CEO and places the company in her hands.
Steve met his other friend, Sam, in his second year teaching, when Sam was hired as the new school counselor after he moved from DC to Brooklyn. They all come often enough that before long, they meet Peter, Bruce, and Pepper as well.
“Hey Tony.” Steve approaches the counter timidly with hands behind his back. “I, uh. I saw you were closing and I wasn’t going to come in and bother you. But I got something for you, figured I should give it to you sooner rather than later.”
Puberty hadn’t been kind to Steve and his growth spurt stopped once he hit 5’6”. He makes up for his small stature with a big personality and sunny disposition. He grew up scrappy and was caught in many street fights but doesn’t regret a single one because he doesn’t tolerate bullying and isn’t afraid to stand up for what’s right.
“I like being here. Since we opened, Y NOT has kind of become my happy place,” Tony explains. “So when I’m free from designing new products and doing charity work, I come here, even when we’re technically closed.”
Early on, Tony decides to do away with traditional store hours since his schedule tends to be highly unpredictable and he wants to be present at the cafe as much as possible without it interfering with his sleep or SI work.
Within a few months Tony finds a former warehouse space in Brooklyn and converts it into a coffee shop. The interiors are done with a combination of Scandinavian and industrial design elements thrown in. A giant state-of-the-art Giesen roaster is stationed behind the bar, and the middle of the store has an area with different types of coffee beans available for the patrons to sniff-test before they decide which to order. He installs Jarvis in the back office to deal with the books and manage the wifi. It’s the simplest job Jarvis has done yet and even he seems more relaxed in Y NOT compared to back at Stark Tower.
“Tony talks about you all the time. It’s good to finally put a face to the name,” Rhodey says with a smug grin.
In the mural, Tony’s family of bots is gathered by the tasting station. DUM-E, with his claw hanging forlornly over a hill of spilled coffee beans. U, using a blender as a scoop. And Butterfingers, holding a tray of his signature croissants. Off to the side, a group of friends hangs out next to the coffee counter, chatting and laughing together. Behind the bar, the brunet barista is happily teaching a shorter blond man how to use the espresso machine.
you’re actually the owner of Y NOT, aren’t you? I just realized Y NOT is ‘Tony’ spelled backward.” Steve puts his face in his hands. “You love coffee. And you’re an engineer. All those weird hours make so much more sense now,” he mumbles.
The moment they get to Stark Tower, Tony feels a shift in the atmosphere between them. Steve is strangely quiet on the way up to the penthouse. He’s holding himself stiffly, and the air in the elevator is buzzing with tension of the unsexy kind.
“Steve.” Tony takes ahold of his wrist gently and guides him to the couch. He makes sure to leave a foot of space between them as they take a seat, not wanting to alarm Steve with too close contact. “Steve, I understand this is all a shock to you and it’s a lot of information to digest. I just. Is this going to be a problem?”
“Yeah! High school humanities. Last week I gave out mock AP Art History exams and it took a while to go through all the essays. I actually came back here to work through them last week, but it didn’t look like you were working.”
Steve’s cheeks pink as he smiles and says yes. He takes a seat at the next table over while Tony busies himself with brewing the coffee.
“Um, no.” Steve shakes his head. “I finished grading all the papers a couple days ago.”
Y NOT is open six days a week, Sunday to Friday, 7 to 6, for all his regular employees. For Tony, there are times when he finds himself free after design meetings at 8pm, and he’d drive to Brooklyn to open up the shop again and man it himself until he feels like going home, which could range anywhere from midnight to the next morning. Sometimes Peter and Bruce join him in his weird hours. Pepper occasionally brings her laptop to the store to get some work done. His best friend Rhodey hangs out at Y NOT almost all the time when he’s in town. Butterfingers is always there to keep him company.
“Are you sure about this, Tony?” Pepper asks. “Not that I’m saying no to this opportunity, but are you sure?”
“Hey Steve.” Tony attempts to sound nonchalant, but he comes off far too enthusiastic.
Since Rhodey’s previous observations about him and Steve, Tony has resigned to the fact that yes, he does in fact have feelings for this gentle, kind man who’d quickly occupied his thoughts on a near constant basis. So when Tony sets eyes on him, his face lights up.
“I’m glad we could find the right coffee for you, Steve. The face you made earlier could’ve turned people away,” he laughs. “I’m Tony.”
, he chides himself.
“That’s funny, I don’t see any great servicemen. I just see you,” Tony teases, disappearing into the back.
“Now is good. Now is great,” Steve stammers out.
Slowly, carefully, Steve places a half-folded piece of paper down in front of Tony. “I drew this for you.”
A surprising question since Tony clearly recalls Steve recognizing him the day they met. “I thought you knew? I distinctly remember you saying ‘I know’ when I told you my name.”
“You’re no longer welcome here,” Tony replies, stuffing the cash back into the register unceremoniously.
The store is next to a chocolate processing factory which helps with bringing in customers who want a nice cup of coffee to balance out the sweetness. Business is surprisingly booming early on, and he quickly realizes he needs to hire more staff to keep the shop running on days when he’s not around (which, disappointingly enough, is a lot of the time).
” Steve gapes in awe at the impressive penthouse. Stone floors, a sunken living room situated next to a cozy fireplace, and large, floor-to-ceiling windows that give him the most gorgeous view of the city anyone could ever see.
“So,” Steve says, clearing his throat. “Would you like to go on a date with me?”
“Is that a problem?”
“I’m glad to hear that, Steve,” Pepper says. “But Y NOT is really Tony’s baby. Without him there would be no coffee shop at all. I’m really only here to hang out.”
Pepper towers over Steve in her heels when they meet, and as they shake hands, Steve tells Pepper how glad he is to finally meet Tony’s boss and how much he enjoys the coffee and atmosphere in Y NOT.
The man’s blue eyes widen in embarrassment and he shakes his head. “No, you’re great,” he blurts, seeming to realize the error he’d made instantly. He stammers on. “
But now, not only is Steve giving him the honor of seeing his art, but he’s also drawn something
“Is that so?” A slow smile spreads across Tony’s face.
It’s one of the rare days where Tony manages to get to the shop early on and pitch in during regular store hours. Peter is in the back rolling out dough with Butterfingers and Tony is behind the counter punching in orders when the cutest man he’s ever seen in his life steps up to the bar.
Tony stares down at their hands, shaking his head. “Steve, you’re one of the kindest, most thoughtful and selfless people I know. You
Tony watches him curiously from behind the counter as he takes a sip of his experimental coffee. He makes the universal face of dislike and stares in disappointment at the cup. Frowning, Tony rounds the counter and marches straight toward him.
Two weeks after Rhodey leaves, Tony finds himself working in store earlier than usual. He gets there in the early afternoon and stays until closing, needing the menial work to occupy his hands and mind after a stressful meeting with R&D.
Steve’s eyes soften as he turns to pet Butterfingers again. “That’s incredible. I’d love to meet them.”
Immediately, a smile breaks out across Tony’s face. “Hey, Steve. Here for a late night coffee?”
for Tony. He picks up the piece of paper and delicately unfolds it, gasping as he fully takes in the scene laid out before him.
The shop isn’t busy at this time of the day, so Tony steps out from behind the counter and gestures to the bean station. “Let me introduce you to some of the beans we have in stock.”
“Of course! Want to go right now? I’m free now.”
In impeccable detail, Steve has drawn himself and Tony sitting together in a diner with a plate of fries and a milkshake between them. However, the food remains untouched and ignored, the two men in the sketch gazing at each other with matching smiles on their faces and Steve’s hand holding Tony’s on top of the table.
“Howard!
Andrew motioned to the seat two down from the friendly man and Howard sat down as well. “Isn’t it a bit early?” he whispered to Andrew as the man waved down a server to order.
, is Steve flirting with him?!
“Oh you know,” said Howard, somewhat hesitantly. He shook Andrew's hand, wincing a little at his strong grip. “This and that. I got married,” he suggested. Marriage was usually something the Andrew’s of the world found exciting. He was right.
He still kept up to his old habits, some of which his fellow league board members were not too happy about. Though Rhodey had never pressured him into going to another game, he had still invited him to every party on campus back in their college days. Rhodey eventually managed to wear him down and Tony had left behind his robot to go to Julianne Piet's house party. It was a room full of nicely dressed students having conversations with minimal alcohol and was definitely not what Tony had expected. He found himself pleasantly surprised at the atmosphere and was soon sucked into the party life (though he would eventually switch from chill parties to the ones he'd initially feared that featured rooms of people dancing while clutching solo cups of bear). Tony enjoyed how people paid attention to him and didn’t care what his father’s name was. Sure, after that woman had found out, news had spread pretty quickly, but he learned to embrace it. The ladies loved it and the guys were always “honoured to be in the presence of a soccer god”.
FYI, don't be fooled by Steve's suaveness. That was hours of coaching from Bucky and Jan. I can guarantee you that his thoughts were equally, if not more, as erratic as Tony's.
Position: Goalkeeper
Tony didn't pry. It wasn't his place (see, Pepper? Not always an asshole). "You know the rest of them too, then? Or just Steve?"
Tony looked up from Peggy and found Steve watching him, an indecipherable expression on his face.
The elevator pinged and Tony stepped in. The walls were currently blank, but Tony hoped to make them show a short montage of the team's victories (when they achieved them). Their christening match was soon enough, and Tony thought of it as the elevator rose floor after floor. Their new stadium had finished construction a couple weeks ago, and it was awaiting them for their first practice which was coming even sooner than the first match. Tony took a deep breath and the elevator's doors slid open.
Steve stood up from the booth. "Listen. We're perfectly happy as we are. The band is a hobby for us, something to do in the evenings so we can forget all the crappy cards life dealt us. We're people, Mr. Stark, not some charity case," he spat, throwing a crisp bill on the table before stalking away.
Tony blinked a few times, frowning slightly in confusion. What was a motorcycle doing in the private garage? There was only a handful of people that had access to the top level of the parking structure and he was only supposed to be meeting one of them today. Tony was pretty sure Fury didn't drive a motorcycle. Fury was a badass, but he was a badass that cared about his own personal safety. He was more of a fortified SUV kind of man. Tony pressed a button on the elevator's control panel and watched as the doors slid shut. He wasn't the one that gave out the parking passes, that was Happy's job. He'd have to stop by his office on his way to the meeting. The elevator began to rise.
Tony nodded. "Not that I'm not overjoyed by your presence, but why are you here, then? Diplomats aren't usually on the guest list. Too respectable."
“Nope. Just you,” grinned Andrew. He looked over at the field, where a group of people were walking on. The crowd’s energy swelled. “Look. The game’s starting.”
Steve traced patterns on the filthy table, not meeting Tony's eyes. "At a high school down in Midtown," he replied simply.
"James Rhodes, right defensive mid. The twins, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, left and right wingers respectively. And that's it. That concludes the team," he finished, spinning to face Tony and Steve, who frowned.
in America. But he could change that.
"Don't hurt yourself," Tony replied, which was definitely the wrong move, judging from the way Steve's face lit up red (and not in a good way).
He slowed, his hand moving towards the gear to switch into reverse. Tony looked up, expecting to see the bike doing the same. Instead he watched with amazement as the motorcycle sped up and jumped the fence, landing effortlessly on the other side and speeding away. He scoffed and sat back in his seat, impressed and annoyed.
Position: Centre-forward (captain)
"Natasha and I are good friends, and I've met the rest of them a couple of times. Can't say I know them too well, but enough to get by. What about you? How do you know the Avengers?" she shot back.
," sang Steve, his lovely voice filling Tony's ears, "
"What, that's all I get? 5 seconds?" he exclaimed.
“She’s a beauty,” he commented, handing the picture back.
“Don’t be embarrassed. My middle name’s Edward. Pepper’s real name is Virginia,” he says, nodding to his right. Tony looks over and finds that Pepper has disappeared from his side. “Speaking of, where has she gotten off to?”
The sun had yet to set, the streets paved in a golden light. Tony slipped on his sunglasses despite this, loosening his tie. They walked side by side, silent until they reached a small, discreet joint. Steve nearly walked past it, stopping only when Tony tugged on his suit jacket. It was a cheap material, and Tony thought about how he ought to buy him some nicer clothes if they were going to be seen together. As investor and client, of course. Unless Steve wanted-
Prelude to a Kiss by Oscar Peterson, Duke Ellington, Ray Brown and Ed Thigpen
through the streets of Manhattan?
An hour later, Pepper found Tony's eye. He was on his third glass of champagne and feeling a bit worse for wear. He'd been trying and failing to catch Steve's eye all night, and was quickly growing frustrated at the game of Cat and Mouse they seemed to be playing. Pepper, much to Tony's delight, seemed to realize this, and she waltzed over to grab his arm. "So sorry, but I need to borrow Tony for a minute," she apologized to the people Tony had been in the middle of not-listening to. He gave them his best 'What can you do' face, but heaved a sigh of relief once they were far enough.
"God, I was so excited. My mother said I was a tyrant; ordering around the maids and forcing our butler, Jarvis, to polish everything at least thrice. I loved it when my father was home, but not when he was drunk off his ass, as he so often was when he was angry at something. So I did my best, and the day came faster than I would have liked. I sat at the dining table with my mother on the morning of my birthday, our plates untouched as we waited for him. But he never came."
"I don't. I mean, I talked to Bruce once when he was serving me drinks, but I've just seen them play, never actually...you know. Talked to them."
"I dunno." Steve looked up from his entwined fingers. They were long and graceful. A pianist's fingers. "Maybe. I enlisted when I turned 18 but was discharged for injury a couple of years back. I would have stayed if I could've. Maybe not forever, but. I would have stayed," he finished.
Age: 26
The man in the video finished talking to the camera and ran up to the ball, kicking it towards the net. The ball sailed through the air, curving towards the crossbar and...landing in the net. The soccer player cursed audibly and the shot cut to another attempt. This time, the player kicked it perfectly, and the ball bounced off the crossbar and towards the camera. The man cheered, throwing his arms up in the air in victory.
He drummed his fingers against the wheel, humming as he watched the road. The top of the convertible was down, and wind whipped through his hair, (hopefully) giving him a thoroughly windswept look. He reached over and turned on the radio, switching between songs until he finally settled on a channel playing rock music. He hummed along, driving onto the Queensboro bridge. He watched as the East River sped past him, its water shining under the bright sun.
“Who’s that?” asks Tony, as he sips his champagne. It’s too bubbly for his taste.
26? Tony couldn't help showing a bit of surprise in his face. That did not sound right. How had his father idolised a
No, Tony has no clue what Natasha’s parents are like. They’re some big Russian oligarchs with blood ties to the old czar or something equally as terrifying. He’s never met them and has no desire to. The fact that they’ve commissioned something from Steve speaks volumes. “Oh yeah?” is all Tony can think to say. “What was he like?”
Football, or soccer as Howard knew it, wasn’t really big in America. In fact, he’d never seen a real game. Sure, a couple of his high school friends had played in kiddie leagues, but unlike other sports like
“The pleasure was all mine, Tony,” replies Steve, casting one last look at Tony before walking away. Abort mission. Tony doesn’t still got it. Steve on the other hand. Steve can, like, get it (as the kids say).
Tony chased the thoughts from his head as he pushed open the door. Steve had to agree to all of this first. He couldn't just spring tales of nice suits and suites on him without causing Steve to run for the hills. Steve was like a stray dog; adorable but likely to spook at any moment.
"We're doomed," said Steve after he finished reading.
Background: American from New York, currently living in India. Attended Harvard College, holds 7 PhDs.
Howard checked his ticket. Was it not general seating? Andrew nodded at the security guard in front of an entrance and they walked in. Howard’s eyes widened. They were on the field. Well, not fully, but if a player came to the sidelines, he could reach out and touch them. Andrew led them to seats near the middle of the field in the front row. A man seated where their seats supposedly were rose out of his own plush seat and greeted Andrew with a clap on the back. The man turned to Howard and smiled. He wore an even nicer suit than Andrew and had thick hair that was greying at the temples. He wasn't tall, but his presence made Howard feel tiny.
"Did anyone else just see that?" he exclaimed to no one.
“Come on now. I probably owe you at least twenty five bucks from our college days. Consider us even now.” Andrew grinned again, and waved Howard to the turnstiles. Howard paused before accepting it.
“Duly noted,” Tony gulps.
That was all Howard needed to hear. He downed the rest of his drink and left 20 pence on the table. “Thank you,” he called to the woman, as picked up his coat and scarf and headed towards the door. Maria would be pleased to hear he'd done something with his day off.
Tony stopped in place, mouth falling open. "What?"
Steve cleared his throat. "Art," he replied. "I got a scholarship there to play for them. Did my degree in three years and then went on to the Commandos."
Tony runs his thumb over the thick cardstock, tracing the letters of Steve’s name. “What does the G stand for?”
Tony groaned and leaned back in his chair. This was going to be a long two weeks.
"What's the 'Crossbar Challenge'?" asked Steve, squinting to read the title of the video. Tony didn't reply.
"Fine arts. You know, painting, sculpture, drawing..." he trailed off with a sigh. "It's nice, I suppose. Just not where I thought my life was headed."
"I think it'd be better if I went alone, actually. I recruited for the Commandos and Tony would just grab them off the street to get it over with," Steve said.
"Good to know," muttered Steve and Tony barked out a laugh.
Natasha sips her champagne with an expression of perfectly maintained innocence.
Tony broke out into a grin and turned, delighted to find Steve staring down at him. Woah. Well hello, tall broad and handsome.
"I know," said Fury simply.
So Tony went to the school of his dreams. He studied technology and engineering at MIT, graduating valedictorian and never once attending a soccer game. He heard about them though.
by Harry James and Helen Forrest."
Tony made a face and looked at Steve. "How can you tell that from watching a five minute of her?"
Stark
“I’m in a few around New York, as well as overseas. I’d be happy to take you to one sometime,” Steve says. Tony is pretty sure Pepper is losing her mind from jealousy beside him.
She grinned like a shark. Paired with her immaculate hair and elegant dress, it was slightly unsettling. "You're nervous!" Her grin melted into a softer smile, and she reached forward to fix his tie, smoothing down the front of his suit with the palm of her hand. "That's good, Tony. It means you care."
“Him.” Natasha follows his eyes as a man places a hand on the short woman’s shoulder. Grubens straightens. To anyone else, Grubens would look perfectly at ease, with his loose tie and devilish smile. But Tony has seen that expression too many times in the mirror. He knows that Grubens has found himself in a sticky situation he’d very much like to slip out of.
"I thought that was why you'd chosen them," smirked Pepper. Tony broke away to look at her. He rolled his eyes but didn't deny it. "Come on, it's time to charm some money out of people."
"Prague, actually. Some awards ceremony," she supplied.
"No, but seriously. You should do it full time. I'm sure you could get a record deal no problem, and then with the right marketing-"
“Because I’ve met him, dumbass,” replies Natasha, plucking a cracker from the waiter’s tray without taking her gaze away from Tony. “My father commissioned a piece from him a few years ago and flew him out to stay with us while he painted. You know what my father’s like. Didn’t want to risk some random mail courrier seeing his painting before he did.”
"A few days before my twelfth birthday, my mother told me that my father would be home for my birthday."
"And when Steve brings in a bunch of all American, part-eagle freaks, you're not going to complain?" asked Fury, setting down his remote. Steve bristled at the comment.
"It's alright," he said, scratching the back of his head. "For the record, I, uh, think you're mighty swell too."
Tony shuffled his feet. He couldn't bring himself to look up at Steve's face, which was probably wrought with pity. Wasn't that what he wanted, though? For his sob story to convince Steve to let him sponsor the band out of pity?
"Good. Next," said Fury, clicking past Strange to the profile of one of Tony's recruits, T'Challa. "T'Challa No Last Name Given, son of T'Chaka, another soccer player. They both played for teams in Africa, but not much is known about them. It's all very hush hush down there." Fury didn't sound very pleased at this fact. He was kind of a control freak. A hoarder of information, if you will. "His sister, Shuri, is going to be helping out Helen Cho as assistant physio."
Fury nodded to them and left, the elevator doors closing behind hi. Steve and Tony stewed in silence for a few minutes, the starting line up staring at them.
Tony pulled out his smartphone, pulling up YouTube and typing "Crossbar Challenge" into the search bar. He scrolled through the first couple until he found one with 10,000 views featuring a twenty something year-old about to strike a soccer ball towards an open net. Tony swiped up and the video projected itself onto the screen.
“Oh, no. This isn’t really my scene, though I don’t regret coming,” Steve replies, looking at Tony.
"She took me to the living room, where she pulled out a parcel wrapped in red paper."
"Good morning, Mr Stark," she said, smiling. "Director Fury and Mr Rogers are waiting for you in the conference room."
What was I listening to when I wrote this? Good question! The answer is this: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1in9pLQrEv22X9HPOkbQuu
“Why? Do you want to stay at the Tower?”
Howard was jostled out of line by a couple behind him who held out their tickets impatiently. He sighed and watched as people passed by him and into the stadium, already packed with soccer fans. There went that plan. Guess he’d have to find something else to do with his day. He faced the street, already getting annoyed at the thought of having to hail yet another cab and frustrated at having wasted nearly an hour.
Natasha turns, her sharp eyes finding Tony. She crosses her ankles and her satin dress swishes softly, a sound like leaves in the breeze. The simple motion gives Tony comfort and he smiles softly.
"Right. Shield," Steve supplied. Truth be told, Tony had no idea what the club's name was. He'd just given Pepper vague directions and hoped she found the right one. He remembered telling her that if she found a freaky tall guy with a metal arm, she was in the right place. "I remember that night."
The crowd screamed so loud that the stadium shook. Howard was pretty sure he could feel his brain rattling inside his skull. Two teams of men emerged from an unseen area onto the field, waving to the crowd. There was about a half an hour of posturing (including the arrival of Prince Philip himself, who shook hands with both teams and posed for many a picture), before the team took positions and a man wearing a black shirt walked up to them, holding a coin. He flipped it high into the air, watched as it fell, and then a loudspeaker announced that England would be starting. A soccer ball was dropped at England's feet and the game begun.
