The emotions he never allowed himself to feel until it was too late and everything was broken beyond repair.
The way he broke down last night opened my eyes to the fact that I’ve been behaving like a childish, self-absorbed git.
He sways and has to hold on to the wall to steady himself, and his hand brushes a dark-blue scarf hanging on the coat rack, right next to a burgundy dressing gown.
His lids already fluttering, he then reaches for pen and paper (which are very conveniently sitting there in the box along with all the tiny plastic bags – past him is a genius!) and notes down a list for Mycroft. Not bothering to fold it neatly, he shoves it into the pocket of his dressing gown.
Sherlock just forgave. He forgave the hate-filled words, the way John cut him out of his life without looking back even once, and the physical violence, too. He forgave everything, even though John doesn't deserve it.
In all probability, the bed isn't even cold yet, Sherlock thinks when John pushes him in the direction of the bedroom door and they finally tumble against solid wood, tangled up in his now open dressing gown, and John growls and rubs his fully clothed body against his naked front.
"I'm happy you can't, and I hope you'll never have to find out what it feels like. But please understand why I'm doing this. I'm not… dying
I haven’t abandoned the blog, though – there are many readers who are convinced that Sherlock has never been a fraud, and even though I cannot tell them the whole truth, it’s a relief to see that there are people believing in him, even if they think he’s dead. Most of them do, anyway. There are some very dedicated fans who have been coming up with theories as to him being still alive and hiding somewhere, and I’m happy to find that most of them sound like absolute lunatics. It would be a disaster if crazy conspiracists led to our cover being blown, well-meaning (and, funnily enough, halfway right) as they might be.
Sherlock bends forwards and sees John do the same, and they meet halfway for a long, deep kiss, John's hand still wrapped around Sherlock's cock, which twitches at the sensation.
,” I pant and push my cock between his buttocks to tease him and myself a little more and slick myself up thoroughly.
“I want to make love to you,” he adds huskily and pulls at Sherlock’s earlobe with his front teeth. “We’ll do it just the way you want… You make the rules, Sherlock… okay?”
here that's of any interest to the case. This house has been abandoned for ages, Sherlock," he says, fighting for composure. "Look at the dust everywhere; look at the wallpaper coming off. Nobody has lived here for years."
," John breathes. Never before has he been so incredibly furious and yet so deliriously happy at the same time. "You fucking
I wish I knew what his fingertips feel when they brush the thick silver-blond curls covering his cheeks, his chin, the angles of his jaw. Is the hair there soft or coarse? I'd love to analyse the texture of it, see if the greyer strands feel different from the golden ones, feel the warmth of his skin underneath.
He breaks off again, apparently struggling to find the right words, but then something inside of him seems to break open and he takes a deep breath.
His face falls and he sighs, apparently lost for a reply. We stare at each other for a silent minute or two.
Swallowing around the lump forming in his throat, he turns away from his reflection. He needs a shower. The remnants of what happened between them are still clinging to his skin and he wants to get rid of them before John wakes up. He couldn't bear saying goodbye like this. He wants to feel composed and in control of the situation, and he's been feeling neither of those ever since the man he believed he had lost forever showed up on his doorstep to turn his world around yet again.
Sherlock tastes lovely, sweet and spicy and unique, and his lips are so soft as they move against his own. It's delicious, and exciting, and so, so
” Sherlock moans when John rubs his leg up and down the underside of his erection, his slender hips jerking up and into the touch, and John grins.
He knows there are things Sherlock hasn’t told him yet, either, things from the past that left their marks on him, and in the back of his mind one horrible scenario after the other flits by – Sherlock being hurt by someone, Sherlock hurting
“John,” he whispers a third time, and then our mouths meet in the most deliciously gentle kiss I’ve ever shared with anyone.
Sherlock eventually saves him from having to make a decision by slowly ending the kiss and then pressing his forehead against John's, panting, his lips glistening with saliva, and it's so enticing that John dips his tongue against his full, swollen bottom lip, licks a sloppy stripe along its outer edge, desperate to re-establish contact now that their mouths are not touching anymore.
They manage to put away the milk and the food while being joined at the lips, and John doesn't even glance at the top shelf.
"Yes, Sherlock," John whispers into the kiss, because it feels right to say it now. "You can do what you want to me. Anything you want. So… don't hold back. Don't worry about doing something wrong. If I don't like it, I'll let you know." He nips Sherlock's tongue with his front teeth. "But, you know… I
What follows are the ten longest weeks of my life. It’s ridiculous, really – I’ve waited for almost two years, so a few weeks more or less shouldn’t matter, but if time’s been going slow so far, it’s now barely shuffling past. Every minute stretches into infinity while I listen for the phone, for the doorbell, for something to happen – I don’t even know what.
He breaks off, looking embarrassed. There don't seem to be any words for what he wants to say. Sherlock grins up at him.
slowly, lets his hand slide from Sherlock's backside to his front, his fingertips ghosting over a sharp hipbone, over the trail of curls starting below his navel. Sherlock freezes, his chest heaving against John's.
“Daddy!” she exclaims, bouncing with excitement. “You and Papa are coming to school with me next week!”
My head is filled with nothing at all. I am not even scared anymore. “Dumbstruck” might be the best word to describe it. What does Mrs Hudson know that I do not? How come she is not surprised, or disgusted? I feel like a blasted idiot, and I am sure I look it right now.
John reckons he needs him to guide him, at least for now. He opens his eyes and raises his arms to hold the younger man's head and make him look at him, bucking up and into his next thrust.
John loves afternoons like these: dry, sunny Mid-November afternoons when the leaves are bright and crisp, and the air is brimming with an earthy, brisk aroma. Days he’s got no plans, no late patients, and no paperwork, and he can leave the clinic before the sun goes down.
"Yes, exactly. That's the bees making sure it's warm enough for the queen. The workers flutter their wings and shiver to keep the temperature from dropping too much. They take turns doing it, so that the ones on the outside don't get too cold."
him in this speech, and John recalls every tiny detail of the moment he hugged him, even if he tries to push it away. His hair and its orange-blossom scent, his ear pressing against John's cheek, so
Sherlock's graceful, slender fingers look obscenely erotic when he wraps them around himself and pulls a few times, then cups his bollocks to roll them in his palm. John watches with one eye, fighting to keep it open and not give in to the urge to just give himself over to pleasure and let go. He wants to see it all, this first time, and remember it for the rest of his life.
John’s whole body jerks at the touch and the velvety tone of his friend’s voice and the knowledge that Sherlock is going to watch him come undone soon, so very soon. He doesn’t know what expects him, has never allowed anybody to do this to him in bed, but Sherlock can do
. I've been a coward, Sherlock. All my life. I'm--- I'm not the brave soldier people see in me. I'm a fucking closeted
I’ve been pacing the living-room for the better part of an hour when I hear the key turn in the lock downstairs. My heart begins to pound, but I try to keep myself in check. It might be Mrs Hudson. But no, there are footsteps on the stairs now, climbing up slowly. Two people.
"Pity I won't see your face," he mumbles as he tries to get comfortable. And then, very quietly: "Maybe next time."
“Trouser buttons,” John says abruptly, patting around Sherlock’s lower abdomen, but getting sidetracked by the softness of his skin and the very enticing trail of wispy curls starting just below his navel.
Sherlock moans and rolls his hips again. John could swear he can feel him pulse against the cleft of his buttocks.
The door to his left opens and John enters the bathroom, clad only in his navy dressing gown, abruptly pulling him out of his musings.
Sherlock's face crumples into an expression of wary sympathy and he leans his cheek into John's hand for a moment before he speaks again.
He thinks about taking her hand in his, but refrains from doing so. It's too early for that, and he doesn't want to scare her off again. He also couldn't bear being rejected.
his area, even though not many have managed to spark his interest, let alone any feelings of a more serious kind, how he used to lie awake at night afterwards and beat himself up over missing his chance before giving in to his desire and touching himself fantasising about it being John's hands on his body instead of his own.
Sherlock lies awake for a long time, but he's not troubled that sleep eludes him once again. He goes to his mind palace and rearranges the rooms dedicated to John and Rosie, files away the scents and flavours and feelings of today, and the sounds (
John's pulse accelerates at that. Declarations of love have always been rare between them, at least coming from Sherlock, but of course he never doubted that the feelings were there in the other man's heart. Actions speak louder than words with Sherlock, and that's okay. Nevertheless, hearing him say it now touches him in the most peculiar way – he feels giddy and desperate all at once, and before he can stop himself, he says: "Don't go before Sunday."
“It broke my heart to see you get married and move on without me. But at the same time your happiness was all that ever mattered. And then, when you came back… I was too grateful to jeopardise what I had got back to even contemplate trying to take it any further. The risk was too high. I never revealed to you the full extent of my feelings because I was scared of you leaving me… and because I did not want you to bear my burden. It's---” He pauses. “It's dangerous to love another man like I love you,” he then finishes softly.
Sherlock kisses his temple, very tenderly, and the gentle touch causes his muscles to relax a little.
“No. I mean, thank you. I really appreciate you worrying about me. But… I want to keep everything for the time being.”
“John,” Sherlock interrupts, the bridge of his nose wrinkling with frustration. “You always make me happy. Always.”
, John thinks and feels a hysterical fit of laughter bubbling up inside himself. He swallows it down. He knows that feeling from the battlefield. Sometimes your body just decides to make you giggle even though you really shouldn’t. Classic displacement activity. Seldom helpful, whether whilst attending funerals, or trying to survive a war, or sitting on a plane that’s going to crash.
, indeed. He's timid at first, but becomes more and more confident the longer it lasts, and his precision leaves little to be desired. He crooks his finger the exactly right way to hit the good spots, and in the scarce clear moments between the increasingly frequent – and pleasurable – jolts of sensation zig-zagging through him, John wonders if this is beginner's luck or simply Sherlock being his usual high-functioning self.
Sherlock grins up at Angelo, his eyes sparkling in the flickering flame of said candle, and clears his throat.
I listen to his gasps and nip at the tender skin of his scrotum with my lips, and suddenly I feel the muscle I’m now circling with my fingertip give way and practically pull me inside. It doesn’t take a lot of work on my part to slip my finger into his body up to the second knuckle, and when I’m there, I rest my forehead against his hip for a moment to savour the sensation.
I dig my fingers into her back, needing something to hold on to, and she lets me. She rocks me back and forth and once even kisses the side of my head, her body shaking with almost soundless little sobs that she’s trying to keep inside.
not good with people. But he can read them, if given a few minutes to observe, and he knows that this, at least, is something of which he has the advantage over his genius friend. Sherlock can deduce people, tell you what they've eaten two days ago or whether they're cheating on their significant other with the girl who works at the flower shop, before they've even taken their first step into the living-room and sat down in the clients' chair, but John knows that he finds it difficult, sometimes close to impossible, to sense emotions like attraction or irritation. Over the short course of their acquaintance, it has already made for some hilarious encounters, and John often thinks to himself that it's maybe healthy for the younger man to be confronted with his limits once in a while, just to keep him from going completely insane with hubris.
“For your own protection. And, it seems, for the protection of my brother’s heart.” He doesn’t sound silky anymore. He sounds dangerous. “If you hurt him, Dr Watson, you will have to answer to me. And you won’t like that. I promise you.”
“Well, my people helped to block every road to St. Bart’s for as long as it took to remove all evidence that I’d taken measures to survive the jump, and then, when the others arrived, I was already lying on the pavement with fake blood on my face,” he answers. “John identified me and confirmed my death, and Molly helped Mycroft to get me out of the morgue by replacing my body with that of another man. The rest is history.”
I grab the lube again and pour a liberal amount into his crack before throwing it aside. He shudders – it’s cold, I suppose.
He is burning inside, his body as hot as a furnace, and his muscles are squeezing me so hard that I wonder if he has ever been on the receiving end while he shared himself with a man.
“Let us retire to my bedroom,” he suggests lowly. “There are clean sheets on my bed. We’ll change yours tomorrow.”
John puts his face into the slope of his neck, breathing deeply, as he slicks up his right hand. Sherlock wonders if it's all too much - too much input, too much sensation - for him as well.
When he slips his hand between us and cups my hardness with his long, nimble fingers to fondle it in his large palm, I growl, and it is half encouragement, half warning. I could finish like this, right here, like an adolescent boy - never before have I been more aroused, more ready.
"No," Sherlock interrupts him and holds him down with gentle force. "I'll go. You stay here and rest."
"John," Sherlock eventually says and cups the older man's jaw in his palm. "I want you to stay. We can fix this."
"Hey," he greets him and steps beside him, locking eyes with his reflection. "Are you finished? I need a shower too."
John knows he should be relieved by his reaction – Sherlock is fundamentally underwhelmed by his news, and he really should find that refreshing. It's not that big a deal, is it?
John is glad that Rosie was present when Sherlock slumped forwards, a dead weight that, despite his thin frame, would have been difficult to catch if he'd been on his own.
"You can't chide me for holding myself in low esteem and then do the same thing to yourself. That's absurd," Sherlock says.
funny, but Sherlock laughs. It's a deep, full-belly laugh, and it's a sound so startlingly beautiful that it makes John sad to know that he doesn't utter it often enough. He kisses him again, this time full-on on the lips.
I choke on my next breath when he opens his lids again and pierces me with a blazing look and then lets go of me to put his hand right over my crotch instead.
The sensation pulses through him with such force that his knees give way and he has to let go of John to right himself, but apparently John was relying on him for support, because a second later the two of them tumble down onto the mattress together and come to rest in a tangle of limbs, Sherlock still thrusting through his orgasm, still buried deep inside John's body, which is quivering around him, and he's not at all sure anymore where he ends and John begins.
"You like that?" he pants, pushes me onto my back again, and swirls his tongue around my nipple before taking it between his teeth once more to nibble and pull.
Sherlock can't breathe. John is pushing too hard. He writhes to free himself, but his dressing gown has bunched up beneath him, trapping his arms, and the waistband of his trousers is cutting into his thighs. He's still very aware of his own nakedness, although his shame is slowly going fuzzy around the edges.
John shuffles down the mattress until he can rub his face against Sherlock's shoulder, which allows him to push his erection against the cleft of his arse and the back of his own hand. He tongue-kisses the sweaty skin of Sherlock's twitching biceps and ruts against his own slippery knuckles, crazy with desire, and Sherlock, apparently approving of the added stimulation the head of John's cock provides whenever it slips between his buttocks, huffs out a guttural moan and rocks his hips, easing John's hand into a quick, urgent rhythm of in and out.
"You can sleep," Sherlock tells him, in a somewhat gentler voice that makes John feel all kinds of warm inside. "I'm not tired. I'll stay awake and keep watch. Wouldn't want to burn this place down by accident. Not before I've had a good look around."
"I'm glad you're here again, John," he says and bends down to kiss him on the lips. Then, more seriously, he adds: "I'll never let you leave again.
Your eyes are unlike any I’ve seen before. They’re the most striking of your features, pools of blue ice speckled with little drops of liquid gold, framed by dark lashes. They’re so mysterious, so incredibly intense. I forget the world around me when you fix me with your gaze; nothing else matters but you and your attention, focused solely on me. Right now they are sparkling like jewels in the midday sun.
Ever so gently, he puts his palms against the door and inhales its scent. It's mostly dust and wood, but there's also a hint of the man this room belongs to underneath it all.
“I know… You will…” I lean over him, mindful not to touch his back, and blow some cool air over the back of his neck. “I want to fuck you, Sherlock,” I whisper. “I’ll fuck you until you come… It’ll be so good… I’ll make you see
the memories of everything his time down there made him think about, but he'll never forget being pulled out and seeing Sherlock, shaken, but unharmed, waiting for him, and he still wishes he had just hugged him then, tightly, and asked him for forgiveness.
The moment it's out, John draws up his shoulders as if he wanted to duck, then presses his lips together and looks away.
"What happened, Sherlock?" I ask, my voice quavering. "Please tell me. I--- I've been wondering ever since Mycroft told me he was going to Serbia to get you."
, how he regrets it, but it's too late. Without another word, Sherlock turns around and walks into the kitchen, shutting the door behind himself.
He sounds defiant, and John knows he's upset with himself for not noticing a thing that John, his trusty, but simple sidekick, picked up on immediately upon meeting Wilkes for the very first time.
On the next thrust, he slowly and gently presses in even deeper, then twists his hand to nudge Sherlock's sweet spot again.
He is. John can’t take his eyes off him, even as his palm roams over his thighs, his hips, the swell of his arse. He’s seen his former flatmate naked before, of course – Sherlock was never shy about walking around the flat in the nude. But having him here, so close, and so aroused, is still something entirely different. His cock is resting on his stomach, very hard and already shining with moisture at the tip. It’s long and slender and slightly curved, pinkish in colour, and John can’t wait to touch it, get a taste of it.
“Yes, I do, Holmes. Please take as long as you need to complete your enquiries here. I shall make my way home and hear all about your discoveries later.”
It is when he becomes so frenzied that he shouts the most horrible and obscene things and throws whatever he can put his hands on and tells me that I am a dullard and an idiot and a poor solider and a poorer doctor that I can admit here in my private papers that it does hurt quite cruelly. I know he does not truly mean a thing that he says—because in the same breath he claims that his brother is a lazy, fat thing and our dear Mrs. Hudson a meddlesome, interfering woman—things that I know he absolutely does not mean nor believe.
“Oh, yes. Well, it was just as it was today, and I found myself utterly unable to move. I was quite ill. I was expecting our second child…” She paused and I stared at her in shock. “Oh, I am sorry. You didn’t know. Of course, you did not know. I don’t think it was the heat—perhaps it was—but I was only a few months along and a few weeks later I… I was not any longer, if you take my meaning.”
“She came up and I explained my idea. She was… polite, of course, but it seemed as if something in her… oh, my dear Doctor Watson, she just seemed suddenly so very downcast.”
“This. You bought this in person. You went into a shop. You swore you’d never go into one again during the holidays.”
We had tea and cake and although he is clearly not wholly himself yet—the movements of his eyes as they dart about the room and the trembling of his hands betray him as still being under the influence of his horrid illness—he seemed so much more like his old self than I had witnessed in—how long have we been in his brother’s house?
Mycroft sighed and let his head sink into his hands. His elbows were resting on his immense dining room table. He had shoved his dinner—mostly untouched—away from himself, across the glossy surface.
“It’s understandable, sir—it is a bit odd. It was my sister.” He paused and I encouraged him with a gesture to continue. “She married when she was eighteen and moved to London with her new husband, who had obtained a position with the railroad. A few years later, I began to receive the most troubling letters. We had always been avid correspondents, even when I was away at school, but when she was about twenty, they began to change. Make less and less sense. She thought her neighbour, whom I had been led to understand was quite pleasant, was trying to poison her. She thought the pictures in the church—the paintings and windows, I mean—were watching her.
I must add my own codicil here. After a positively marvellous time with my love—and of course I returned the favour and a great deal more besides—we were lying side by side on my narrow bed, and I was running my fingers lightly down his bare chest, making him shiver.
Mycroft was a man divorced from sentiment and detached from his own emotions—but sometimes he nearly wept as he observed the assured path to self-destruction that was his brother’s life.
“It is not overly painful,” he replied. I could tell that he was struggling to keep his voice firm and even.
I trudged up the seventeen steps with a sense of foreboding. As I entered our sitting room, I nearly tripped over the coal scuttle. Sherlock was seated on the rug before the fire, his arms wrapped around his knees and his unlit pipe in his mouth. “Hullo, John,” he mumbled dejectedly, not bothering to turn to look at me. “Mrs Hudson is cross with me.”
Matilda introduced herself and Christopher excused himself. “Good luck,” he stated by way of parting.
“Right...” John said dimly, momentarily mesmerized by the droplet of wine—lucky, lucky wine. He cleared his throat, took a good mouthful of beer, and had to clear his throat again.
He supposed that offering suggestions on how to treat their injuries afterwards was a bit obnoxious, even for him, but he just couldn’t resist.
As always, kissing him was a glorious thing, and I congratulated myself for having come up with a mutually pleasing activity.
They were going to try the CT scan again. When he arrived, the nurse had been told that apparently something had gone wrong with the equipment, making the anguish of the first attempt doubly distressing. All that for nothing? Solomon shook his head in aggravation before gently waking his patient.
Mycroft frowned. He didn’t like his demeanour. The usually almost ebullient man was decidedly downcast. “Oh?” He attempted to sound neutral.
I am writing this whilst looking out onto Mycroft Holmes’ fairly extensive garden behind his impressive house. Sherlock has been terribly ill—he has been seized with one of his manias, but this fit has been like none I have witnessed before. His usual state is alarming. This has been terrifying. I sent for his brother this morning whilst preventing Sherlock from tossing some clothing into a bag and leaving—for New York. I actually locked the door to the corridor and hid the key away in my waistcoat pocket—he seemed that determined to simply put on his coat and hat and head for the train. His brother came immediately upon receipt of my urgent message and explained to me that this was not the first time he had been thus stricken.
I did not even blame her for her honest address to our previous neighbour. Mary did not have any female relatives, and although she had attended a reputable boarding school in Edinburgh and at the time of our meeting was working as governess for a quite nice family, she did not have any friends in whom she could confide. She had come into our marriage with a young lady’s fanciful dreams, formed whilst she was still at school. So when she began to encounter my behaviour, which was without a doubt nearing madness at times, she had absolutely no resource upon which to call beyond the ladies’ magazines—and I am fairly certain that none of them carried articles about what to do when your husband ran off with his former flatmate to investigate mysteries, not to mention my other less-than-ideal behaviours. I reflect on this with a shudder—she might have had a perfectly lovely marriage, home, and family if I had been a proper husband. Instead, faced with such queer circumstances, she, quite rightly, turned to her new acquaintances for advice. I do not know if other young wives are as blunt and honest as Mary was, but I suspect that ladies are quite a bit more forthright with one another than as they are portrayed in books and plays—or as they behave when in the company of men.
He bites his lip to keep himself from shouting out when the sensation overwhelms him and crashes down on him in pulse after pulse of the sweetest release he's ever felt. Sherlock's arms are there, catching him, holding him as he falls into the abyss, and he's scared of losing himself and at the same time he feels so free, so light, and so absolutely happy that he doesn't care if he'll ever come back to solid ground again.
He's doing it without noticing, and I'm surprised that he's developed mannerisms involving this newest addition to his already annoyingly handsome face so soon.
He comes all over my hand and, I assume, the side of the bed, his body spasming around me, milking me, his head thrown back, his knuckles white as he tears at the sheet with frantic movements. It’s a stunning sight to behold, and I allow myself to let go now, too. I need only a few more quick, shallow thrusts to finish as well.
He looks at Sherlock, who's lying on the couch, completely out of it, and tries to forget how this face used to haunt him all those weeks ago, up until the day he returned and began to wreak havoc in John's life again. Bitter, all-consuming regret fills him then, and he has to cover his face with his hands for a moment to gather his composure. They used to be so good together. Why did Sherlock have to go and fuck it all up?
It still makes his heart ache to think about how perplexed Sherlock was when he asked him to be Best Man, and he asks himself whether no one has ever given the other man the feeling of being wanted, being
“The world is a better place without Moriarty and without anyone associated with him. You know it is. You didn’t only do it for yourself, or me, or for Mrs Hudson – you did it for everyone, Sherlock. You protected everyone by hunting them down.”
…” Sherlock suddenly begs throatily, his eyes still shut tightly, his fingers clawing at the wood of his bedframe. “Another one, please,
this is, he knows that it is far from a mindless drunken one-night stand. There will be consequences. What if Sherlock opens up now and he has to hurt him later on? He thought he could give him
John bites down on his bottom lip, sucks it between his teeth to run the tip of his tongue along it in a possessive, filthy, unbelievably sensual manner, and then pulls back slightly to lock eyes with him. Sherlock falls upwards and into him, his brain giving up. It feels like fainting. Inside him, the burning ache of his lust is coiling up tightly, almost to the point of pain, and he grabs John's hips, his sides, his restless fingers slipping on sweaty skin and failing to get a grasp and finally settling for his buttocks instead, digging into them, kneading, pulling, and John groans and claims his mouth once more.
He's glad that Mary's been transferred to gynecology for the duration of her pregnancy - she's safe from catching God-knows-what in the ER, and, which is especially important to him right now, he doesn't have to deal with her and his guilty conscience at home
"I've always belonged to you," Sherlock whispers into the damp space between their faces. "From that very first day. Even if I needed some time to figure it out."
When he reaches the place he's aiming for, Sherlock doesn't look embarrassed anymore. He's lying there spread out in front of John, his breathing accelerating at the first contact of John's hand with the silky skin of his penis, and John grins and grips him tightly to feel his blood pulse through his veins.
The mattress dips when John sits down next to him, his smell the most delicious thing Sherlock's ever known, and he's glad that he's had the presence of mind to collect and save samples of it, and of everything else connected to this new facet of their relationship, for later use – it means that when it's over, he'll still be able to go back to the memories, to John's special room in his mind palace, which by now contains a large bed too, and revel in them whenever real life gets too much.
…" he mutters throatily and licks through the crease of my thigh until he reaches the base of my penis.
He gets up and lies down on the couch and goes to his mind palace to sort through the images and scents and sounds of whatever it was that happened to him – to
I rub my face with my hands and groan. I'm mad at myself for losing it like this, and for letting him sense that my despair over seeing him wounded is not the real reason, or at least not the only one, why I'm so upset now.
"A bath, then," he answers, rubbing John's back, dipping his fingertips into the two dimples at the base of his spine. "A long, hot bath. Together."
“Yes, Bumblebee?” John calls back, subtly clearing his throat as he retrieves the spatula from the counter and continues to stir the Chicken Madras. He can’t conceal his own amusement, chuckling under his breath at the sound of her small feet pattering into the kitchen behind them.
John smiles and gives him a tight downwards stroke before cupping his bollocks in his hand and kneading them carefully. Sherlock’s mouth opens in a silent moan, and John bites down on his bottom lip, very aware of the effect this has on his staring bedmate.
Sherlock looks so tall and thin next to the little girl. The voice he uses whenever he talks to his grandchildren reminds John of the way he was with Rosie all those years ago. Even before they started being more to each other than friends and roommates, John often found himself watching the two of them from afar, feeling a strange kind of warmth spread inside his guts that he couldn't explain to himself without admitting to thoughts and emotions he wasn't ready to face yet.
John looks forlorn in Sherlock’s faded light-blue T-shirt (the least tattered one he could find), but it brings out the colour of his eyes in a way that causes Sherlock’s stomach to flutter and clench. He’s also given him an old pair of jeans, which he had to roll up so as not to trip, his thickest dressing gown, some socks, and, of course, a pair of pants. The thought of his clothes on John’s body, of soft, worn-out fabric rubbing against warm, golden skin, drives him insane, but he tries to block it out.
to know. In front of John's closed door, he stops and puts his ear against the dark-brown wood. There's no sound, no proof that two people are sleeping behind it. His pulse accelerates. He knows he's clean, he tells himself. He
I opened my mouth to reply, to ask him what was the matter, but he raised one arm as if to stop me, his fingers grasping at thin air, and then shook his head with vehemence and vanished into his room without another word. I was left to wonder what it was that was bothering him so, and I did so as I, too, went to my room to take off my clothes and exchange them for fresh ones after checking whether my bandages were still dry and fastened properly.
I should have known that he wouldn’t be able to resist this challenge, and along with the next thrust of his slick tongue I also get a long, tight stroke of his hand, complete with a perfect flick of his thumb across my tip. I jerk violently. It feels so good. My body doesn’t know whether it wants to grind back against his face or buck up into his hand, and my legs are trembling. I can’t. I need to lie down,
“Mmhhh,” Sherlock hums, his deep, contented purr vibrating through John’s chest as if they were only one being.
In a brief clear moment he worries he might be sick, and he knows he won't be able to get up and go to the bathroom.
This conversation feels a bit like a dialogue from a soppy movie, but he’s afraid, really afraid, and that is something I haven’t witnessed all too often before. I need to reassure him somehow. We’ll both have to play our roles, and I want him to focus on what’s important.
My heart beating an erratic rhythm inside my chest, I rub our noses together and place a small peck on the corner of his mouth.
He whimpers again, clearly not minding my bluntness. Blindly, I grope for the lube with my right hand and squeeze some of it onto my fingers. I’m making a mess of it, but it doesn’t matter. Nothing matters except him, here in front of me, his cock in my hand, and his twitching heat trying to grip my tongue and hold it inside.
“You’re beautiful..." Sherlock sighs and runs the pad of his thumb along the vein pulsing on the underside of John’s cock with perfect pressure, and he doesn’t sound the same as before – there’s fascination in his voice now, and reverence, and something else that John can’t put a name to, but that makes him shiver deep inside.
“I love you,” I coo, over and over again. Years and years of adoration, of pining are flowing out of me and into him tonight, and he deserves to hear it, each and every word. “I love you, my darling. I love you.”
“I don’t know what to do,” he breathes into it. “I--- I want to say the same, but I can’t. I--- I’m not--- I
—Rosie’s current favourite. John reckons that Sherlock must indeed be drained after this eventful day; he makes only
“Oh, I beg to differ.”  Sherlock’s voice unexpectedly chimes in from right behind him, and John applauds himself for not jumping and thus revealing that he’s just given him a massive fright.
…" Sherlock rumbles into John's skin and then rubs his face against his beard like a huge, lazy cat.
Sherlock groans with relief at the sensation of being filled and bites John's thumb in reflex, letting go right away when he realises what he's done.
We keep standing there, in the middle of the morgue, right next to where you’re resting on cold, shiny metal, until our tears run dry and we’re left empty, wordless, lost.
"John---" Sherlock starts, but doesn't get any further, because John buries his face in his hands and giggles hysterically, and then the giggling turns into deep, laboured breathing, and then into stifled sobs.
you…" he hears John moan, but the humming in his ears, caused by his own blood rushing through his veins, is almost loud enough to drown out his words.
"Mmmmhhhhh…" he then hums, the sound rumbling all around Sherlock's length, and then his fingertips find his prostate again and press into it, so very gently, and suddenly it's too much, too intense, and Sherlock
Sherlock utters something that sounds like a purr, deep inside his chest, and slides his palms up and over John’s hipbones until he can hook his fingers into the waistband of John’s trousers, and although the skin-on-skin contact is minimal, John can’t help but moan in response.
He rubs his beard against Sherlock's spine and gives him a slow, loose stroke from base to tip and back again. Sherlock's breath catches in his throat and his head falls back in pleasure, and John growls in response and gently bites the tendon standing out on the side of his bared neck, his hand tightening its grip now.
"John… I've loved you for longer than I can remember," I tell him, mumbling into the wetness between our lips, tasting his unique, complex flavour and memorising every molecule hitting my tongue. "I thought you wouldn't--- I never dared to hope. I was--- too scared."
“Beautiful,” he repeats, whispering, and then he presses his face against my groin and nuzzles it like a huge cat, eyes closed in rapture.
interested in men – believe me. He sized me up the moment I entered that office, and he liked what he saw."
John shifts in his chair, feeling himself harden in his pants. All of a sudden, it feels like there’s not enough air in the room anymore.
John knows he should be more worried about what will become of Mary and the baby. The thought that he’ll never meet his son or daughter
Now they're together the way John's always imagined it, nothing in between, and Sherlock's scent is even stronger like this, with so much of his marble skin exposed. John wants to rub himself against him to mark himself his and is almost worried that he's already so invested in this - there's no way he'll let him go again, ever.
, my dearest brother. I thought you were above that," he quips, but he can hear how flat he sounds and knows that his brother won't buy it.
John is glad that Rosie doesn't make a fuss when he puts her to bed and reads her a story, and after kissing her forehead and making sure the baby monitor is switched on and working, he quietly leaves the room and closes the door behind himself. Usually they leave it open just a crack, but tonight he doesn't want to do that.
Sherlock’s eyes soften at that and he runs his hands through John’s hair, pushing stray strands off his forehead.
Now that I'm sitting upright again, his come begins to trickle out of me, and it's a strange feeling. There's a dark spot spreading out on the mattress beneath me, and I look at him a little sheepishly.
"I guess the first thing I’ll do is make you stop thinking," he jokes, gently drawing me out of my musings, and nips at my bottom lip. "Care to join me in the bathroom?"
You might recognise Sherlock's part from a ficlet I posted a while ago (I don't think many people read it, though). I'm very fond of this ficlet. I tried to write Sherlock's after-wedding scene several times, but it never turned out quite as good as what I'd already written and posted, so I decided to re-write the ficlet and use it here. IMO it fits perfectly, and stealing from one's own ideas is probably not so bad. I hope you'll enjoy!
"You're so beautiful," he rumbles and nips at my earlobe, and the slight sting of his teeth pressing into my skin is what does it in the end.
to, so he abandons his place between his legs and lies down next to him to kiss up his neck until he reaches his mouth. He needs to explain why he’s hesitating to jeopardise what they have right now, what they’ve only got back a few weeks ago.
Mrs Hudson, Lestrade and I have been confirmed as targets by Mycroft’s “source”, but I’m not scared of Moriarty’s hitmen. Mycroft might be a cold-blooded bastard, but he’s nothing if not efficient. His boys will take them down before they’ll even be able to aim, let alone shoot. It’s weird to know that a minimum of two armed snipers are following me at all times, but I think we’re safe, all three of us. What I’m scared of is being without him for who knows how long, of having to pretend he’s dead, of not being able to contact him, talk to him,
"They probably thought it was too old-fashioned. But they didn't fill the bullet holes. You can still feel them underneath. Give me your hand. Here… see?"
“Fine,” Sherlock retorts. “I could have behaved like less of a pretentious prick when I came back, then.”
“Yes,” I answer without teasing him about his straightforward question. “I do. In the bedside drawer. My medical kit.”
They kiss again, slowly and deeply this time, and when they break the kiss and stare at each other, Sherlock looks more beautiful to John than he has in a long time.
John gazes at him and runs his thumb across his cheekbone, tracing its shape as if trying to memorise it.
"We can. I called the tenants last night and they said it's okay. They're at work right now. We can have a look if we want."
"Female intuition, John," she answers and then hesitates. "And--- the marks your beard left on his neck there," she adds and points at Sherlock.
fucking sexy…" I tell him and give him a few slow strokes, not caring that my version of dirty talk is not nearly as refined as his.
“Caution,” I rasp, because to my amazement I am not embarrassed and know that Holmes will be pleased and proud to know me teetering on the verge of completion because of a simple kiss. “Or this will be over much too soon.”
"I don't know, Rosie," he answers thruthfully. "I'm sorry. I just--- I don't know. All I know is that I'm eternally grateful to have you in my life. I wouldn't change it for the world."
"I've been dreaming about kissing you against this wall one last time for ages… ever since we moved away, in fact…"
He’s embarrassed by this lack of control over his own voice, but Sherlock's cock gives a violent twitch and he moans wantonly. He seems to like it. Once he’s in up to his knuckles, his hand resumes his rhythm, but now he spreads his fingers every two or three thrusts to stretch John's passage even further, and John's eyes roll back in his head behind his closed lids. He feels dizzy.
I look at my shoes, then back at Molly, and then at Sherlock. I feel uncomfortable, because I know that that’s probably not the whole truth. I’m sure she
Sherlock blinks slowly and then smiles a seductive smile, and John can't believe how fast he's made the transition from blushing virgin to ardent lover.
I gape at him. This outburst is something I didn’t expect. Not from Sherlock. He’s always so collected, so aloof. But he isn’t finished.
) and wraps it up and hides it away deep down inside his heart, in the place where he stores his most treasured memories, determined not to let it fade. However silly, however irrational or shameful clinging on to this may be – he's going to keep this. Just this one.
After I have put on my nightshirt and slippers, we slowly make our way downstairs and into his bed, and as we walk beside each other, blurry visions of what is to come flit past my inner eye. Waking up tomorrow, his face next to mine, his scent all over me. Breakfast together, our feet tangling underneath the white table cloth. Clients and adventures and the odd fight, and making up afterwards. Coming in from the cold on Christmas Eve to make love on the hearth rug in front of a blazing fire. Summer holidays in France, because why not?
Sherlock doesn’t reply, but puts his hands over hers where they are covering his ears. His eyes are a stunning shade of turquoise in the stark light of the kitchen lamp.
triangle one can imagine. I’m not sure whether I want to laugh, cry, or kick something, preferably my own arse for not suspecting that this whole thing would definitely have consequences. I knew there was something he wasn’t telling me. I
last, and you never knew where exactly I was… and what I was doing. I understand that you needed somebody to talk to,” he says lowly.
I add my own share to the mess he’s made between us, my orgasm so sudden that I feel dizzy for a moment.
Biting back his frustration he slides his palms down John's sides and then cups his buttocks to keep him from moving away.
"You only tried to protect me. I didn't know it at the time, but I do know it now. You protected all of us. And you--- you suffered. But maybe you're right. Maybe you should have told me about it all – afterwards, at least. I've been so stupid. Maybe I would have understood what you'd been going through if you'd spelled it all out for me, since I obviously wasn't able to get it on my own. Tell me---" He hesitates. How far will Sherlock allow himself to be pushed? "Tell me what happened to your back, Sherlock."
a freak, and that no one can bear his company for extended amounts of time. He told John so during their first cab ride together, and only now does John grasp the scope of it all.
“That’s why you’re so upset. You can’t even entertain the possibility that they might be right. You’re afraid that you’ve been taken in as well,” he says quickly.
And it all comes crashing back down on John, so suddenly that it makes him feel lightheaded for a moment.
"You think that's Granny?" he jokes in a low voice, but it comes out a little more lamely than he'd like.
When he adds a spoonful of honey to his tea, his hand shakes and he has to quickly catch the falling string of golden liquid with his finger to prevent it from landing on the floor, thus almost upsetting his mug, and he hears John gasp and feels their hands meet as they try to save it from spilling its contents all over their feet, leaving John's fingers sticky as well.
John almost knocks the lamp off the bedside table in his haste to get the lube they keep in the drawer, and, like every time, Sherlock marvels at his skill of slicking up his fingers blindly because he doesn't want to stop kissing him to prepare himself.
Sherlock reaches around him with one hand to rest his bollocks in his palm, just because he can, and is astonished to find them already full and drawn up tight against his body.
Sherlock resists mocking him for not phrasing that more smoothly. He can tell John is taking care of that himself, judging by the micro-expressions playing around his mouth.
Sherlock swallows audibly and goes tense in his arms, and John, already tuned in to his body language, notices right away. Sober again in an instant, he lets go of his cheek and puts his hand on his arm instead.
…" John rumbles, his beard scraping the sensitive skin on the inside of Sherlock's buttocks, and then he works his tongue past the tight, puckered ring of muscle and moves it in and out rhythmically, shamelessly imitating what's going to happen soon.
strangely romantic," John says out of the corner of his mouth and looks up at Sherlock, sending him a crooked smile. "You found her. You're brilliant."
The change in Sherlock's body language and expression becomes apparent immediately - his features relax into a grateful smile, and his hands let go of the bath and sink into the water to come to rest on his stomach.
“Mmhhh, baby… You should see yourself now… You’re gorgeous…” I tell him and hold my fingers inside him, pressing against his sweet spot and massaging it with slow, circular motions.
“She let herself in,” he whispers at last. “I did not expect the door to open with our key in the lock from the inside. John… If she had come upstairs only five minutes earlier---”
“I’ll sit down with you…” I continue. “The sand will still be warm from the sun, but the air will have begun to cool down, nice and soothing on our skin…”
"We've already established that we agree to disagree in that respect. That was about thirty-five years ago, darling."
We’re at St Bart’s, hiding in Molly’s lab, having just updated each other on what we found out after we separated in front of Kitty’s flat.
“I will never get tired of waking up next to you, Sherlock Holmes,” John says, and he leans forward to kiss the top of Sherlock’s eyelids. “Even when I’m eighty years old.”
"You know I don't care for being nice. It's true," Sherlock replies and raises one expressive brow. "You're special, John."
Sherlock obeys and clambers on top of him, meeting him in another long, wet kiss that soon turns sloppy and urgent and wild, just the way he likes it.
him, because if I didn't, then the moment he'd be gone, my life would just… stop. I'm selfish – I know that. And I'm sorry, but I can't bear the pain. I know what it's like; I know what
And Sherlock… John doesn't think of Sherlock as a sexual being, anyway. Well-dressed and well-groomed, the other man always gave the impression of caring a lot about his outer appearance, but sex and intimate relationships seemed to alienate him. Married to his work, indeed.
Sherlock will; she's sure of that. He'll notice that Rosemary Brown vanished in the same week she did, and maybe, maybe they'll find her too, wherever she may be.
"So I came back just in time," he then says, and there's a very subtle question mark hanging in the air when he's finished.
It was an afternoon of slow passion, learning about each other, and you learned a few things about yourself then, too. You learned that it’s okay to let go. That you’re beautiful, everywhere. That you can take my breath away with a single look, a mere brush of your fingertip against my skin.
"My man," he whispers against Sherlock's smooth scalp, feeling his body heat warming his lips. "My darling. My love."
My name becomes a mantra he repeats over and over again as we continue to kiss, he on his back and I on my knees, and then he wraps his arms around me and pulls at me until I’m beside him on the floor, breaking our connection in the process. We part with a tiny wet sound, breathing heavily against each other's lips.
be the only one. I’m sure of that. I don’t want to lose you. But if you ever wanted to leave, I’d--- I’d let you go. I want you to be happy. I’m sorry you haven’t been happy for the last two years.”
, and when the other man opens his mouth to let him in and their tongues touch for the very first time, he thinks that maybe the why and what and how can wait.
He sighs deeply. His mouth pressed against my skin, he mumbles: “Let's just stay like this for a little while. Just… lying here, together. That's all I want. Before we go out there and face the world.”
help us.” - “We won’t crash on a sodding short-distance flight, mate!”) John looks around himself to find the passenger next to him, a woman, probably in her fifties, with black hair and a pale complexion, staring at him out of ample eyes.
"Well," John babbles to get it over with. "So we've got to stick to it until this is over, and then we'll never talk about it again. And I promise I'll keep my nose out of your business in the future."
Our involvement in the disturbing case of the Greek interpreter unfolded quite as published, except that my introduction to the man described within it was a complete fabrication, of course, created from various conversations we have had over the years. I have heard it said that that particular tale contains some hints that it occurred much longer ago than I have described, and it more than likely does. (My tending to Sherlock after his exposure to the deadly gas that took the life of the poor man who had been held captive for so long was omitted—but he was exposed far more than I have described and was quite ill.)
Finally, they were done. John’s headache had started shortly after Sherlock had pointed out that maternity wear would be a more appropriate purchase than lingerie to an alarmed young man. There was no way he was going to suggest the Tube—expense be damned; they were taking a cab. He sat back into the deep seat with a groan.
Malcolm, who had stopped his car and come running back when he realised what was going on behind him, now went ahead of them to hold the doors open and turn on lights, and it was he who discovered the nurse, slumped in the armchair in Sherlock’s room and drooling on the shoulder of her uniform. Without pausing, he grabbed the back of the chair and dragged it out into the hallway, then dashed back in as the four men arrived with their flailing, cursing burden.
I sighed. I knew that he was being sincere. I was certainly not the only target for his sharp tongue, and even when I warned him to be silent, he would inevitably say the worst, most inappropriate things—often to clients, or to members of the constabulary. This had never once ended well.
I will not deny—I hoped that soon I would be kissing more than that, but at that moment I felt no urges except those of a comforting nature. My darling was battered and exhausted and withdrawn, and the only thing I wanted to do at that moment was to comfort him.
We had been lying together in his bed for a while. He would sometimes weep silently, and sometimes he would gasp for breath. I held him and once had to gently dissuade him from hitting his own head on the headboard. I was not speaking much. I did not want to pepper him with questions, which seemed to overwhelm and confuse him.
Does she know that I often stand far more closely than is necessary to Sherlock? Does she realise that both of us touch the other’s hands and arms and even faces far more often than what might be considered decent? That we press our legs together when seated in a hansom?
“You have a real problem with sexuality, don’t you?” John pondered calmly. “It’s interesting. You know, homophobia often covers up latent homosexuality.” He glanced over his shoulder. Jeremy and Tony were long gone; safely escaped. Good. He was beginning to enjoy himself. If things went in the direction he hoped, he didn’t want them involved, even as witnesses. They had enough problems.
They were concerned when, instead of continuing the “conversation,” their patient dropped his head to the table, hitting his forehead on the smooth surface.
This took me by surprise, and my hand, still clutching the wet sponge, dropped to my side. “Then what is it?” I demanded.
She didn’t know if it was in reaction to the soft click of the switch or the light itself, but it broke through the thin veneer of sleep. His reaction was instantaneous. His eyes suddenly wide open, he shot straight up in the bed and, before she could even react, he had leapt off it, landing on the floor on the far side of it with a heavy thud.
“When you rose, were you truly stiff in that way—not just because it was morning? Because I have observed—”
Sherlock was, at the moment, sound asleep on the sofa in his brother’s room, clutching tightly to one of the cushions, his bare feet protruding from the blankets. At her suggestion, Winifred discreetly excused herself to the hallway to greet the new nurse, allowing Mycroft time to shower and dress.
Everything happened so quickly—and Sherlock was so very calm in dealing with the odious man—that neither of these concerns immediately sprang to my mind.
He found what he was seeking, exited the building as unobtrusively as possible, then began the once-familiar circuitous route that would eventually lead him to what he sought.
Neither of us expected the younger man to sit. I knew from experience that he was, at the moment, absolutely incapable of doing so. It was best to let him pace and fidget and flit about the room when he was like this.
“Emily,” he repeated, more quietly, “that proves nothing, as well you know.” This time I thought that, like Medusa, Mrs. Bloom’s glare would turn her husband into stone.
The intensity and swiftness of his attack on what we thought was a serpent reminded me, for the second time in less than 24 hours, of how his slender frame belies his strength. He is breath-taking to watch when he is so energetic. I, of course, had not been merely sitting there gaping at him all that time, but the image of him striking the false bell-rope so furiously with his cane returned to me again and again in the weeks which followed.
And then I understood, and he was, as he usually was, entirely correct. He had a hard enough time being taken seriously as it was—who, really, had time for his sermons on ash and footprints and the significance of
Or finding out that his patient was a scar-riddled, starving, self-harming drug addict and victim of unfathomable violence who could not speak and at times acted like a small, frightened child—when he wasn’t acting like a paranoid mess?
“You saved her little Lucy’s life last year, Doctor. She would probably be delighted to be able to do something for you.”
He felt a sharp pain in his wrist as he twisted it away from whoever it was who had grabbed it. Ignore it, he told himself. It’s just transport. He had to get out of there.
“Hey, ‘Lock, take a look at this,” Greg interjected. The slender man spun on his bum to face him. “It’s got these different levels of difficulty. See?” He showed him the instructions, and was startled when the young man rose onto his knees and, placing his hands on Greg’s thighs, peered closely.
For the first hour he threw whatever he could get his hands on in a wordless fury, bellowing meaningless noises of frustration.
“Yes, Doctor. You are free to come and go as you please—as long as it does not distress my brother overly.”
Did I want to do more than that, so early in our companionship? Perhaps I did. I do recall quite distinctly wondering what his curls, innocent of any attempts to tame them, would feel like under my fingers. Other than that, I believe that I perhaps put my feelings down to my deep (and honest) admiration of his brilliance; his uniqueness.
Finally, the recipient of the dressing-down had emerged. John, who had been—all right, so he had been making a show of checking some records with Mary as an excuse to not return to his office—deliberately looked down at the reception computer monitor. “Is that it?” he had asked, gesturing.
It had been a long two days. Sherlock’s patience with Christmas Eve and Christmas Day festivities had never been long, and this, the first time they had celebrated the holiday since his return, had been especially trying. Understandably, there were many people who wanted to spend some time with him, or at least phone. He had thrown his mobile across the sitting room in frustration before noon on Christmas Eve. It had landed (and John was positive that this was deliberate) in the branches of the tree he had erected.
“Eggy bread with what looked like an entire tin of condensed milk and a lie-down—that’s my idea of a rainy Saturday,” the nurse commented, patting his brother’s hip. “Can I have a word with you, sir?”
The doctors and other medical staff were, of course, sworn to secrecy, and Mycroft was gratified to observe that they focused strictly on their task.
He dropped his eyes to the water covering him. “Mr. Bramsen’s face is very smooth, but sometimes he must shave twice a day to keep it so,” he offered hesitantly.
His second year—the year with the equally intelligent and musically gifted William—had been a glimmer of light, but that had unfortunately been snuffed out as William finished his schooling there and Sherlock, instead of returning for his third year, truly disappeared for the first time.
There are days when I simply cannot look at him enough. I never grow tired of observing him—razor-sharp cheekbones, piercing grey eyes, ivory skin, and the glorious dark hair; the deceptively sinewy strength of his limbs; his long, slender body.
Our overnight adventure proceeded much as I described it, omitting, of course, some of the more personal details, including the way in which we occupied our time at the Crown Inn whilst awaiting Miss Stoner’s signal. We engaged a bed-room and sitting-room, as I have written, and it was exactly the sort of arrangement which we enjoyed. The sitting-room had two very nice, comfortable chairs, which I positioned by the window so we could watch the avenue gate. I looked over at Sherlock as Roylott shouted at the poor lad fumbling with the gates, and was alarmed at my darling’s expression, which had become haunted again.
“Just one? Are you positive?” The young man looked taken aback. Then his eyes—still blown wide—began to flick back and forth, as if reading some sort of invisible text over the DL’s head. It gave his already odd looks a positively eerie character.
“You enjoy playing,” Sherlock remarked, eyeing me keenly. “You should make arrangements to do so on occasion. I am afraid that keeping my company has become rather dull.”
I laughed, and he joined me. And then I calmed myself. “Now, while that certainly creates an amusing picture, I am afraid I have diverted you from my original question—what did you learn that made you so certain that the Blooms will not make good on their threats?”
He smiled a bit bitterly. Not even bothering to deny it? He felt smug for an instant; then it occurred to him. “You going to be all right?”
“Got him!” Anthea cried in triumph. She rattled off an address to the driver and they took off, Mycroft leaning forward eagerly. Finally, a security camera had picked him up. There had been earlier sightings, of course—and how clever of his little brother to have made the clothing purchases he had—but this time they were close enough that catching up with him was a real possibility.
“Certain? And how do you know that?” I teased. It was perfectly obvious that she had already been up and about for the past few days, when I was not at home. It does not take a consulting detective to notice that her boots were pushed under the settee in her sitting room with fresh mud on them.
Etta knew Solomon well enough to know that this was a fairly straightforward statement for him—he did get terribly tongue-tied when he was trying too hard. But he was one of the best nurses she had ever met. His compassion coupled with his strength, knowledge, and calm when it came to his patients was more than admirable. He never seemed the least bit self-conscious or rattled when he was talking to any of them—exactly as he was doing now.
[There is a break in the manuscript at this point, and the doctor seems to have taken up his pen again that evening.]
The bell rang. I rose and peered down. I frowned. The woman who stood there was familiar to me, but I could not immediately place her. I heard the quick steps of Mrs. Hudson as she crossed the hall and cautiously opened the door.
The problem was that there was nothing to draw out. He could not explain to me what was ailing him. I had already established for myself, in agreement with what he kept insisting, that he did not suffer from any particular physical ailment. He now would not speak at all, and he would neither eat nor drink, but it was not due to any sore throat or biliousness. Sometimes he did not seem to have the energy to even sit up, and then there were bursts of nervous energy that led to a great deal of pacing, and he would sometimes press himself against the glass of the windows that overlooked the street and stare out longingly—at what, I do not know.
Matilda, continuing to review the notes, nodded. Like the other nurses, she specialised in caring for brain-injured patients. This was familiar territory. “Oh, Winifred’s been here,” she noted.
“Yeah—let him eat whatever he likes and don’t force him if he’s not interested—he’ll flip out or it just comes back up—he’s got some pre-existing food issues, according to the brother.”
[The doctor seems to have been interrupted at this point and does not take up the thread of his narrative exactly where he left off.]
“I am not a student of human nature as you are,” he replied carefully, “but I suspect that she did indeed choose it purposely.”
I have approached the issue by attempting to focus and stimulate his mind—to engage that racing engine. I search the newspapers for intriguing headlines. I scan the agony columns. I scrabble about on the floor for discarded letters of enquiry. Unfortunately, when such a mood is upon him, he not only dismisses my comments and offers—he openly distains them. He insults my intelligence and my motivation—my professions; more recently my vacillation pertaining to our special arrangements. I admit it—even though I know that he does not truly mean what he says at those moments, his barbed tongue is painful. I have discarded this approach entirely.
“What do you not understand?” I asked gently. His entire demeanour alarmed me. Why was he so perturbed?
As promised, Mrs Thatcher rang our bell at approximately three o’clock. I was sitting with Mrs Hudson, taking down the rather daunting list of tasks she considered “most crucial” to keeping the house in some sort of order until she was recuperated. I admit to being both mystified and humbled by the bewildering myriad of things that had to be cleaned, organised, fetched, ordered, and prepared.
The latest nurse was Dave. He was of medium height and build. His hair was a nondescript brown and prematurely thinning. He wore glasses. His accent was Received English; his voice a bit high-pitched. Other than a few acne scars on his cheeks, he was so unremarkable as to be almost a caricature.
He took a deep breath. “My brother holds a unique position in the government, and the less that is known of his existence, the better.”
I watched as the elder brother walked slowly past us and to the door. He seemed to have aged ten years in our short time together. He knocked at the door to be released. Whoever was in the corridor—I presumed it was one of the attendants—unlocked and cautiously opened it. Mycroft paused and turned back to us, and his words astonished both of us.
“Hurt me,” he repeated, his voice cracking. “Don’t know where… strange place. Strangers. Strangers hurt me.”
“I do understand your distaste for illogical things, my dear friend, but you are much more perturbed than that observation warrants. It is something else that has you upset.”
“Oh, Holmes!” I cried, lunging out of my chair and sinking to my knees in front of him. “No, of course not. I would not leave you. Not ever.”
I do realise now that my admission of this level of dedication was a bit prescient, but I was being completely candid. I had no desire nor inclination at that moment to leave him any longer than it took for me to go to the tobacconists.
All right. He had had enough of this lunatic’s crap. The DI was expecting him back at the Yard as soon as they bagged up the body. “Oi!” he shouted. “That’s enough.”
“It’s not quite time for more medication, I’m afraid. I know your head hurts. How about a nice, cold cloth?” She rose and went to his brother’s en-suite bathroom.
“’Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.’ Leviticus, Chapter 18, verse 22,” he interjected. “It was a calculated risk. Mrs. Bloom’s rather sweeping accusations, particularly in her letter, led me to believe that she was outraged more by generalities than specifics, and that she relied more on hearsay and gossip than a strict reading and understanding of that particular good book.”
“Well, you best be off, then, and I will keep our dear Sherlock company. Let’s hope he has pleasant dreams for once.”
“Oh, yeah. It’s important to have a good story. You don’t want to tell your mates you got hurt when you fell down the stairs with an umbrella in your hand now, do you? A sword fight—over some treasure that some scurvy dog tried to steal from you—that’s much better.”
Ah. There he was, coming out of the en suite. He smiled at Sherlock—a horrible, predatory smile. Sherlock began to feel a bit ill.
My stomach turned. We were doomed. Or at least so I thought at that moment. I should have had the sense to realise that my dear friend would not—could not—endanger himself or me, and that he had the entire situation well in hand. Fortunately, it was a mere moment before my fears were relieved.
No. He didn’t want to lose this. He wanted to stay in the moment. He needed something to help him focus. He had a fleeting memory—more like the faintest breeze—of someone playing the piano. Who had that been?
I considered rising, dressing in some fashion (if there ever was a day that made our bohemian manner of dressing appropriate, it was this one), and descending to speak with her. I considered rising, throwing my lightest dressing gown over my shoulders, and ringing for her. I considered rising and, dressed still in just my vest and drawers, collapsing onto Sherlock’s bed to await his return.
Now, of course, I see the signs of these impending moods, often before he does, and so am prepared for his sudden bursts of temper during an investigation; his sullen refusal of a case.
Sherlock glanced up at him and smiled a bit shyly before bending his head to the colourful pages again.
For an answer, the thin man struggled to prop himself up on his elbows. He frowned and pulled his feet away from the gardener. Mycroft subconsciously noted that he had tied his shoes himself. “Where is the nurse?” he demanded.
killed after a time as well. Dead men make poor witnesses. What he does do himself is scout out the targets—the locations of the burglaries. But how does he do all that without being detected? Can’t just wander around a neighbourhood poking into well-to-do homes, planning to have them burgled, can he? Or can he? Oh! Of course he can! How could I have missed that? There’s always something.”
“You are not so encumbered by the past when it comes to science; if anything, you advance it.” He considered this, and to my great delight, I seemed to have stumped him. “We have a telephone now. You certainly have no objection to the advancement of the use of fingerprints as evidence.” Continued silence. “So why the objection to some new clothes?”
“Such as that coronet (he was referring to the jewelled object that had caused so much turmoil in the family we had just made the acquaintance of). Such as jewels in general. How odd it is that some elements taken from the ground are considered special simply because they exist. They serve no useful purpose. Gold and silver, of course, are useful in many ways, as are diamonds and other of the hardest gemstones, but something like an opal, which is exceedingly easy to damage, is valued simply because it is rare. It seems somewhat circuitous. An opal is considered valuable because it does nothing of value.”
“This is idiotic, Sherlock.” The other young man rose gracefully and put his hand out. “Do you even have a coat? Anything to pack?”
“Oh, Matilda! Perfect timing. This is Sherlock. He’s just been having a bit of a lie-down after his visit from the barber, and then it’s dinner and time to take his tablets—isn’t that right, Sherlock?”
I was still muzzy-headed and now desperately thirsty. Not caring in the slightest who might see me in such disarray, I leaned out of one of the open front windows. The noises of the street, still not nearly as strident as was normal for this time of day, were nonetheless a bit livelier than during midday. I nearly fell into my chair as our dear landlady knocked and entered.
The voice—that rich, familiar baritone—was raspy and weak; the crisp enunciation impeded by the injuries to his face and likely the head injury. Still, he was speaking intelligible words. “Go on,” Mycroft encouraged him.
—she thought that only happened in films). Despite his slender limbs, he was apparently quite wiry and strong.  His unmutilated skin was a sort of ivory colour. The dark curls made his odd, light eyes even more arresting. But there was an odd juxtaposition of that lovely, clearly adult body and his behaviour.
John squatted down and looked up into his eyes. Sherlock frowned and tried to gaze back at him, but he appeared to be having trouble focusing. The doctor reached for the healing injury on his temple and the younger man flinched, but only after a slight pause. “God, did you have to dope him up so much?” the doctor growled.
Instead, I admitted defeat. Dragging myself up from my shaded seat, my coat draped over my arm, I approached Mr. Harper, who was staring in some amazement as Sherlock demonstrated that, due to the defective latch, it was almost child’s play to gain entry directly into the gentleman’s dining room.
Carefully (his hands were beginning to tremble; he was tiring), he drew an X, and then another, and then another, and then three very close together. It was obvious that they were positioned in a deliberate way.
The single red rose—I did not have to be an expert at the language of flowers to know that it signified romantic love. But did it not also mean something else? Perhaps I could visit a florist’s shop or find a girl selling nosegays and ask.
This admittance actually did, to my great surprise, seem to deflate him a bit, as he has apparently lost interest. He has returned to whatever it was he had been doing during my absence
“Yes, it is acceptable as your doctor,” I assured him. “Now, when we are done, will you make me happy and lie down for a while?”
“Yeah. Older brother. This is his house. He’s got some super-secret position in the government. Got these guys in black suits all over—dark glasses, ear pieces.”
Why saving a nine-year-old girl from suffocation in the throes of diphtheria still, a year later, haunts my dreams, I have no idea.
And even when he managed to push her off the bed she still wouldn’t go away so he followed her and pushed her again, hard. He knew that Daddy would be angry at him, but he just wanted her to go away.
Later he would ask for the chocolate mousse and more milk up in his bedroom—for him and for the nurse. Or perhaps she would prefer a cup of tea—the stronger, the better.
“Well, I must say that this is intriguing,” Sherlock Holmes admitted coolly, but the keen way in which his queer grey eyes darted about the scene betrayed his interest, and I most certainly was equally startled and fascinated. After all, how often does one encounter a crime scene in which someone has broken into a house and
More recently, I have attempted the opposite—introducing as many calming elements as I am able to his whirling, out-of-control world. I pull the curtains shut and turn down the gas. I select a book—generally a novel (I find our friend Mr Dickens particularly effective)—and begin reading to him. At first, he often cannot sit down, and he murmurs and comments and talks to himself as he stalks through the cluttered room. I allow him his frantic motion and chatter, reading over his low voice without pausing—it is actually an excellent exercise in mental discipline for me—because as he paces and fidgets, he eventually does attend to my words. He begins to look in my direction more and more (I have become an expert at keeping one eye on him and one on my book). His expression begins to soften. His frantic motion slows.
Winifred accepted the clipboard, her eyes narrowed. “What happened?” she demanded. “What did you do to him?”
Solomon burst out, “I know what he’s talking about! From the… Watson’s blog. Right at the very beginning—he sent a text to the doctor. How did it go? Uh… ‘Come if inconvenient. Could be dangerous.’ Something like that.”
Sherlock peered suspiciously at the people who stood before him. His head ached and he felt horrid and for some reason he kept thinking about Kathmandu, which was odd because he knew nothing at all about the far-off city except how it sounded and looked and smelled and felt and he was a bit dizzy because everyone seemed so much shorter than him and he hadn’t seen the tops of so many heads and they were all dark-haired and not English and not England and the food was unfamiliar and odd and it made him feel ill all the time but he just had to put up with it didn’t he because he was there to do a job not have a holiday and he would never go there for a holiday especially not without John but John would like New Orleans and San Francisco but not Las Vegas—
—strung out on whatever lovely little cocktail they’ve been giving him, and he somehow managed to get up, get himself dressed, and make his escape before anyone even knew that he was sitting up.”
“And you were unable to quell those feelings simply because sometimes… biological needs overcome intellectual pursuits?”
Greg had grown tired of delving into the seamier parts of London—they always smelt awful—to track down the maniac. Would he have felt differently if it was only for The Work, as Sherlock expressed it (you could actually
He was so slight. Henry managed to carry him into the next room by himself. He deposited him on the bed there (which I of course had been sleeping in those nights that I had been separated from Sherlock—it occurs to me as I write this now that we had been sharing the bed without issue; this was before we were what we are to each other now, and it was entirely innocent) (and rather uncomfortable—sharing with Sherlock in that state was what I imagine it would be like to share a bed with a windmill) (I had bruises).
The bowl of consommé that he thrust away from himself (and off the edge of the table) the day before had not, fortunately, stained the carpet overmuch.
I realise now that the fact that I was, actually, in bed with him and embracing him, a bit prescient, but at the time, we were truly just friends. It did not concern me. I was also (am also) a doctor with experience with this sort of thing and he was, in my eyes, a patient. It might seem a bit peculiar, but what else was I to do? There was no medicine with which I could dose him. No number of cold, wet cloths would help. There was nothing to stitch; nothing to bandage.
John smiled sadly at the memory—tasting the dry, somewhat rough skin on his lover’s knees. Sherlock’s skin always tasted faintly of soap. “Did you ever walk anywhere that you didn’t fall?” he had inquired facetiously. He would never tease him about the scars on his thighs, of course, but the scars on his knees, the result of uncountable encounters with rough pavement, were fair game.
He is so unaware of his state at times. He has admitted to me, more than once and beginning very early on in our life together, that he is ineffective to the point of neglect when it came to discerning his own condition. At that time, he claimed that he was actually unable to identify those feelings in himself, but I now believe that that is not entirely true. I believe that he is aware of his body’s signals to eat; to drink; to sleep. but simply chooses to ignore the shivering limbs and aching head. At those times, it is only his iron will that allows him to continue moving and speaking. More than once I have barely been able to catch him as he finally and unexpectedly succumbs to the rigor of his existence and the neglect of his own body.
There was a pause, as if he was seriously considering his options. “Yes, I promise,” he finally called out.
The thing was—if he had shown the least bit of discomfort or confusion, she would have stopped. Really. Honestly. It was just that he—hadn’t.
Because the garden was tilting in a very peculiar manner—or was it he who was tilting? His head felt like someone was squeezing it and he swayed. His stomach clenched, and, despite the chill, he began to feel overheated. Dark shadows swirled into his peripheral vision.
“I’m sorry. I don’t understand what you want.” He hated telling him that—it was a lie, of course, but he wanted to encourage the younger man to speak. Sherlock made an impatient, frustrated noise in his throat and roughly thrust his hands out, causing the older brother’s own hands and the paper to hit him in the chest. “All right. Yes. I’ll keep it until I can figure out what you need.”
I could confer with Mrs. Hudson. She is undoubtably blunter with me than even with her sister. With the situations in which we have found ourselves over the years, this have proven to be a mixed blessing.
“Thank you, sir. Most folks condemn her, but I knew my sister. I know that she is with the angels now, and that she is calm and content.”
We had left in a rush, of course, and even though Mrs. Hudson had tided and cleaned as she had promised (threatened), there is still that air of chaos that makes our rooms so homely. There on the mantel was one of my pipes (not my favourite, which I of course had taken with me). There was one of Sherlock’s magnifying glasses tucked across the tops of some books. He somehow miraculously left his table of chemicals and scientific equipment surprisingly clean, but there were a few odd objects left there regardless—one left-hand glove of dark green leather, the dried-up bits of some sort of shrubbery, and a letter from which a corner had been torn and, I recall, tested to confirm the presence of something-or-other that he proclaimed brilliant and devilish and led to him seizing his violin and playing me a merry few hours of tunes in triumph.
Those were the only things? Wasn’t there something else? Someone else? He remembered someone who would sit and listen to him play for hours—someone on whom he himself could focus, shutting everything else out, for hours.
By the time we reached the lichen-blotched stone mansion, he was keen and focused in his assessment of the situation. As always, I enjoyed observing him as he threw himself to the floor and examined it and briskly tugged on the false bell-rope.
“No, he is much more likely to feel the cold,” she agreed. She looked out the window. “At least it seems as if we will see a change soon enough. That breeze is promising.”
He began it covertly; learning to tap into and manipulate the CC cameras that poked into virtually every space in London. That was actually required for his work. It was only after a particularly embarrassing incident requiring his involvement—he had long before gained the power to make criminal charges disappear—that it occurred to him that he might use the web of surveillance—quite literally “Big Brother”—to keep an eye on his errant sibling.
He considered this. He really did need to get some sleep, and he knew that staying in the same room as Sherlock would hardly be restful. He nodded and rose. “Yes. I believe that I will. You will let me know if he needs anything.” It was not a question.
I am, of course, accustomed to waking in such a state, and I obviously know that it is, for the most part, a simple trick of the adult male physiology more closely aligned with the build-up of catarrh in one’s throat during sleep than any state of arousal.
“Then, I propose that this evening, we take advantage of the fact that there will be no maid and that Mrs Hudson cannot ascend the stairs—because I should very much like to see exactly what poor Helen was exposed to this morning.”
“Meaning that if I re-married I would probably not be renting out rooms any longer. You would have to find new lodgings—and how would you expect to do that? Surely you do not think you could find anyone else willing to tolerate—the queer visitors. The chemicals. The erratic hours. The
“Yes, we do have caller ID,” Mummy Holmes replied a bit sharply. She was in no mood for her elder son’s supercilious tone.
It has been two days and I find myself finally at enough distance to pick up my pencil (I do admit to missing my pen) to explain all.
“He had been thrust out of the house and Father had locked the door already, and as much as anyone begged, he would not allow him admittance.”
“What on earth is he doing?” Christopher asked as he returned to the kitchen. Their wanderings resumed, they had ended up in the warm room, where Mrs Parker had greeted them cheerily.
And then I gently—as gently as I was able--began to prod the top of the burned, rapidly bruising and swelling foot. Our intrepid friend bit her lip and looked away, but she did not cry out or even wince. “It is a bit difficult to say for certain with the swelling, but I do not believe that any bones are broken,” I reported, and I am not certain which of us was more relieved.
“You wouldn’t. You would not. You would not send me… there. Please, Mycroft. No. Please don’t send me there. Please don’t send me away. I’ll behave. I promise.” His anguish and terror were horrible to witness.
“Of course, it is,” the doctor muttered, smiling fondly at him. He carefully unfolded the dignified paper—emerald green with golden swirls—and his mouth fell open at what he revealed.
He was also in extremely high spirits—dangerously close to a manic fit, really. He has calmed down now, at least, but whilst he was relating to me his adventures he had that glitter in his eyes that always alarms me and generally heralds days of pacing, shouting, and breaking things. I will have to observe his mood quite closely for the next several days.
“You mean to sleep on your own?” I demanded. I admit it here—I was, once realisation struck, a bit put out. We have been sharing for so many nights that it had not occurred to me that he might wish to sleep in his own bed.
I was away several hours. Mr. Thatcher was, indeed, quite ill. He was an older man—quite old for having a daughter of Miss Thatcher’ age, I thought. I could hear his laboured breathing before the young lady had even shown me to his bedroom—they had rooms over his shop—and I knew that I had my work cut out for me.
“What? Were you badly injured? What did the doctor do?” The outrage I felt still sometimes boils up within me even now.
“Yes. I showed her that I had marked several pages, and I said that she could try any of the dishes she wished. And that was when she… she stepped back, away from me, and her face grew very flushed. I asked her what was upsetting her, but she could not even raise her eyes to look at me, let alone tell me. I realised, of course, that this was not simply a servant shirking her duty. But, like a dullard, I did not comprehend the reason for her distress. I thought that perhaps she was not as confident in her own abilities as I was. ‘None of the dishes seem overly complicated,’ I told her. ‘You may order what you will need. None of it is too dear.’” She stopped, pressing her lips together.
“Mrs. Hudson’s hands are rough from work,” he continued. “And yours are calloused from all your writing. Mine—” he held them up out of the bath water— “bear the marks of violin strings and chemicals.”
Some readers will probably find my description of Miss Stoner’s bruised wrist—I can still see the distinct marks of the fingers and thumb in my mind’s eye—unseemly and unnecessarily shocking, but I stand by my decision to include such an intimate description of her condition.
“Well, I will not judge you; you and he are both clearly doing enough of that. But perhaps it is, as you say, best if you do as he wishes and stay away for a day or two.” She sounded so horribly disappointed that I could not bear to look her in the face.
“More? You do not need to share any more if it distresses you so.” I felt a bit ill at having led the conversation down this path.
“She did,” I affirmed, promptly and honestly. “She also participated in the distribution of cast-off clothing.” We both turned to our adversary.
“Don’t listen to him. Last night we went out and Mr Scrooge here personally delivered coats, hats, scarves, and gloves to ten members of his homeless network.”
“No,” he replied after a moment of thought. “He can wear mine for now. He’ll need shoes, though—he’ll never fit into mine.”
“We picked him up eight days ago. We don’t actually know how long he was back in the country before that.”
At that point Sherlock did indeed attempt an escape, and the rest of his story I must leave to surmise.
And then Sherlock Holmes did a thing that he does so very rarely that it is worth remarking on: he blushed. He truly did, and I found that I could no longer keep a solemn expression. “It’s true,” he admitted in a low voice. “I knew of other… men who wore such things, but I did not understand until that moment that I was living with one of them.”
“How am I supposed to pay for that?” Mrs Hudson replied a bit testily. Obviously, the severity of her predicament was sinking in.
“But you did. I have a thick skin—after so many years of being with you I must have—but this time you went much too far.”
“Oh?” I moved toward her. Sherlock, still chewing, looked with interest to me and then to Mrs. Hudson.
“This is one of those things I should not share outside of our rooms,” he stated. “At least, it seems to be.”
.” He had to speak loudly to be heard over his brother’s anguished, wordless moaning. He could not look directly at him. He gazed somewhere just slightly over and to the right of the bed on which his brother was stretched, his thigh freshly and thickly bandaged.
It was now dawn and Mycroft stood and stretched. He had been working with his laptop at the small desk—it really was an enormous room, Winifred had noted in admiration, and the rest of the house was equally impressive—while she read a book; she was seated on the straight-backed chair that he generally used when putting on his shoes.
Sherlock considered this for a long time before he hesitantly nodded. He was now pale and shaking and desperately in need of sleep. They led him into the next room and he stood, swaying in place, as Mycroft summoned his housekeeper to bring some blankets.
“It’s time for bed,” Winifred stated firmly, standing up. “Where is he going to sleep?” she asked Mycroft as he also rose and the housekeeper, Mrs Parker, who had been lurking discreetly in the pantry, reappeared to put the dishes in the sink.
She jumped; as he had been essentially speechless so far, his one word took her completely by surprise. And what he had said—well. He struggled to sit up. She gently helped him. He drew his legs up so his knees were against his chest and he wrapped his arms around them. He shivered and clutched at the blanket she rearranged to cover him. “W…” he attempted, looking around himself.
“You are thinner; you have not been eating,” I reprimanded, seating myself. “You worry our poor landlady to death when you do that.”
He knew that there were more samples that probably should have been gathered before he bathed, but he found himself so completely unwilling as to be repulsed just by the idea. It wouldn’t matter anyway, would it? It was extremely unlikely that the perpetrators of any of the dozens (at least) of assaults fell under any sort of category of common criminal. The people he would be looking for would not ever be appearing in any sort of regular court, that was certain—no DNA evidence required.
He made an attempt to rise, but it seemed a lot harder than he had anticipated. The blanket over him—why was it so heavy?
Damned tenants in the flat above his were playing—blasting—their horrid music again. If it could be considered music at all.
I admire our dear friend so. She is so observant and respectful of the feelings of others. She truly understands and cares for us—Sherlock in particular—and never questions his queer states.
John leaned forward and gently laid a hand on each shoulder. “Love, why did we start ‘this’? Why did we start playing?”
“And then, when Mr. Harper helped you on with your coat and walked you to the street—well, I do not wish to be indelicate, but your condition was rather apparent to me.”
And with that I presented him with the books I had brought with me and he, seizing the atlas, has become involved in—I have no idea what is enthralling him, to be honest, but he is being (relatively) quiet and focused and I shan’t say a word to him.
He wondered if his brother would play the piano for him. He was probably out of practice, too, but he did well enough for accompanying him… if he could remember where his violin was.
But it was like trying to move a leg when it had gone numb. For some reason the signal from his brain was not reaching his mouth. And as they continued moving smoothly through the dark streets, he began to be aware of an odd feeling. Everything was becoming confusing and overwhelming; the street lights were making his head ache and the car was moving too fast and he was suddenly very glad that the driver seemed to know where he was going because it was far too com… comp… something.
He allowed himself to become immersed in a fascinating volume about the history of food in Western culture—immersed enough that he was startled when he felt a thin finger poking his shoulder. He dropped his book to his lap.
“I hate doing it. I think it’s confusing him more than he already is, but he was hyperventilating. I did get him to take the tablets instead of an injection, at least, and he seemed to understand that I was trying to help him, not hurt him, but I’m still not sure it’s always the best thing for him.”
“Yes. Excellent.” I reached up and rubbed the back of his neck; if anything was going to cause one of his horrible headaches, it was a situation such as the one in which we found ourselves, and I wanted to—if I possibly could—prevent it. “Then…?”
He nodded and wrapped his arms around me, gently kissing my face. At some point I came to my senses and gently dissuaded him—realising that the door to the corridor was shut but not locked—but for several minutes I was unconscious of anything but the comfort of his proximity and of his touch.
“Now,” I said firmly, “if you would pour a sherry for each of us, I believe we have something more important to discuss than the restaurant’s china pattern.”
The man nodded. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. Apparently young Mr Holmes here was trying to get over the wall when he passed out.”
“Wait here,” I instructed quietly as I ducked through the adjoining door to my own bedroom and did likewise to myself. I left the door open, of course, and made random comments aloud as I undressed. I do not recall in the slightest of what I spoke. It did not matter that night, nor does it now. As soon as I was comfortable, I returned to him and with gentle tugs, drew him to the sitting room again.
“Ordinarily, yes,” I intervened, “but the entire reason that we are having this conversation now is because you are not making good decisions.”
“How commendable,” my love offered, his insincerity laughable if the situation had not been so dire.
“I’ll have your phone here in an hour,” she added. “Laptop’s going to take a bit more time.” He scowled at her and tapped a rhythm on the table with his fingers. Anthea gave him a wicked smile. “Yes, of course I’m getting you top of the line and no, your brother did not approve it.”
It is all inexcusable—all of it. I am a selfish man who makes excuses for my horrible habits and ways. I make our lovely rooms uninhabitable with my loathsome tobacco and experiments. I take pleasure in childish theatrics. When I plunge into the depths of despair I am inclined to pull you down with me, and when mania overtakes me I want nothing but to keep you awake with me.
The bed was empty. I saw spots in front of my eyes. I tried to breath. I noticed that the door adjoining our rooms was ajar. I knew that it had been shut. I burst into my own room and glanced around frantically.
He, apparently cooled by my ablutions to his upper half, gave a slight shudder. Then he focused his sharp eyes on mine and his voice dropped quite low. “I believe that you were somehow stimulated as I performed my investigation of the scene—and you were so ashamed that you fled, claiming to be a victim of the heat.”
He did not seem inclined to move even after I unwrapped myself from his gaunt frame, so I gently tugged him across the room by his hand. Not releasing him, I sat in my favourite chair. He now stood in front of me, still not looking at my face. “I want you here,” I indicated, patting my leg. “I want to hold you.”
“Victor,” he called out. The name caught in his throat and was obscured by a sudden burst of raucous laughter from the group. “Victor,” he tried again, a bit more loudly.
“Do not mistake me—you do anger me sometimes. You hurt me with your sharp tongue and your dreadful, harmful habits. But please understand that even if I go away, I will always—always—return. I love you so very, very much, Sherlock.”
“But… you could…” he struggled. He was truly lost at this point—I hated to see him confounded as he was, but this was necessary if we were to break through the dense, poisonous fog clouding his brilliant mind.
“My love,” I said sternly, “you have been far worse than this. You have been sick all over yourself and you allowed me to cleanse you then. I will be honest and say that that was much more unpleasant, and still I did it—and will do it again if necessary—willingly.”
The thin man huffed and dropped onto the sofa, his dressing gown floating around him. “All this enforced good will towards man is going to turn me into a homicidal maniac,” he growled, pushing an errant curl from his forehead.
“And what would you do about letters of introduction, or anything like that? I know that a few of my stories about you have reached America, but surely you cannot think that you would find doors open to you just anywhere?”
Sherlock did not reply. He did not acknowledge in any way that he was even listening; he had wandered over to where I had stacked the bits of his composition and was looking down at them with an expression on his face that I cannot quite describe.
That was it. She gave up. He had her dead to rights, and with corroboration to boot. She was screwed. Without another word she glanced at her watch, signed off, noting the time, handed him the clipboard, spun on her heel, and left.
He sighed, the burden of Atlas on his shoulders. “Ah… no. My sister somehow got a hold of some… they think it was what they used to control the rats… she took her own life, sir.”
She shook her head quite vehemently. “You know how those agencies work. I do not object to paying a fee for their services, but those poor girls should not have to pay one, too. How are they supposed to pay a fee when they are seeking wages?”
Everyone was temporarily relieved when, somehow, someone had convinced him to complete his studies. It had never been a sure thing, but somehow—the picture that came to Mycroft’s mind was of a tightrope walker wobbling between two towering buildings—he had completed his Master’s in chemistry.
Damn. Damnation. It could not be true. It had to be, though. I felt ill. My heart was pounding so hard I felt it would burst out of my chest. I rose from my desk and collapsed on the settee and groaned.
“Interesting,” the neurologist commented, writing something down on a clipboard. He was startled when Sherlock grabbed at it.
that you are willing to try new styles; that you can find a yellow-backed novel harmless and entertaining. There are many times when I am envious of your ability to enjoy such things.”
Tiring of his picture, he put the crayon he was using back into the box and looked up at her curiously. He pushed the book and papers aside and, untangling his long legs, he slid off the bed and approached her. His walk was hesitant and unsteady; his expression open and innocent and unsuspecting. She glanced up at him and stared, astonished at what she was seeing. She glanced down at the notes again and a word jumped out at her.
I looked at the letter with interest. This was a good opportunity for me to apply some of the observational skills Sherlock is always attempting to teach me. The first thing I observed was that I did not recognise the handwriting. That was not at all unusual. Most of the personal correspondence addressed to me was from strangers; admirers of my stories.
Now the nurse’s alarm chimed, and she bent over her patient. “Sherlock?” she said firmly. “I need you to wake up for a bit. Come on.”
“Do you think…” He paused, uncharacteristically unsure. An idea had come to him, but, for once, he was out of his depth. “Do you think my brother would react well to me joining him for dinner?”
Winifred couldn’t help it. She chuckled heartily at the younger man’s discomfiture. Young men were so easily embarrassed by what were perfectly ordinary feelings and behaviours. “He’s a grown man and so are you,” she soothed. “It’s normal.”
“Whatever do you mean… do you not wish me to attend to you?” I demanded, my hand arrested in mid-air, with the sponge dripping.
I do love him dearly—more than anyone or anything else in this world—and I do understand that at times he cannot control his feelings or behaviours in any useful way or he simply would not be Sherlock Holmes—but sometimes I do wish that I could come home to a quiet evening by the fire discussing the price of beef or the proposed expansion of the railway rather than what was in store for me. But we needed to discuss what had occurred between us—and it was to be one of those discussions that entailed me doing a great deal of explaining things to my love that any other grown man would already know.
“No what?” He fought to keep his voice even; the familiar baritone articulating that single word with utter precision thrilled him, and he felt his heart rate increase.
Sherlock looked slowly from one face to another again. He was clearly trying to follow the conversation but didn’t seem to be having much success.
Her long skirt, still covered by her immense, coarse apron, was gathered halfway up to her knee, exposing her bare ankle and foot—and the exposed skin was horribly reddened.
I now first listened closely. I could not hear any alarming sounds. I knocked, making a point of imagining that I was in our rooms at Baker Street, knocking him up to see if he wanted breakfast or something equally mundane.
“It was the cook—Mr Woodward—who read the advertisement for an upstairs maid in a very large house here in London and suggested I apply. I got a reference and there I was. It was very different. It was rather horrid, to be honest.”
He went on to describe where his line of inquiry had led him—firstly a butcher. A barber. A chemist. As he continued to list his visits, it occurred to me.
Keep it simple; keep it non-threatening. She knew that. “I’ve already ordered some of his favourite foods.”
He didn’t object—didn’t actually react at all—when Victor wrapped one large hand around his thin wrist and pulled it down by his side. Then there was something tickling him—it brushed against his bare stomach and he squirmed a bit.
“So, I asked her directly, ‘What is upsetting you?’ And can you believe… well, I most certainly did not anticipate her reply—not in the slightest.”
“Excuse me?” I stammered, sounding like an idiot. I was completely shocked, even as I absorbed the physical similarities between the two men.
“Sherlock,” the nurse said firmly, “I need you to sit down. If you calm down, we can discuss finding John.”
The older brother had already described what he had observed before he had been retrieved—the head injury and then the difficulty balancing and walking; the vomiting. His inability to speak. That his head hurt was more than apparent.
He had bellowed back angrily—if Mycroft used his imagination it could possibly have been the words “bad” and “injections” and “hurts,” but he wasn’t entirely sure—each word being spoken with great effort but in a different language, and none of them English. His split and swollen lip was not helping his ability to articulate, either.
He allowed her to lead him into the en-suite bathroom with the obscenely large tub and help him clean his mouth and face.
His brother had been so sweetly complacent about the bath; grateful in such a touching way, but the medical team had assembled and was now ready for them. He had helped him out of the water and wrapped him in an immense bath sheet before stepping into his bedroom to retrieve some clothing.
Sherlock stared at him as if he had just stated that the Sun goes around the Earth—no, that was a poor analogy—as if he had just told him that he could never have a lemon sponge for tea again. He frowned, not in anger, but in bafflement. “Of course I am,” he retorted.
My head aches and my chest is tight. It is painful to breathe. I sob—I do. I am not ashamed, here at least, to admit it. The only person who knows the depth of my sorrow is our dear Mrs. Hudson, and she has been strength and kindness and calm and sympathy personified these past three years. I am reminded, when I am at my darkest and she is gently rubbing my arm (proprieties be damned—yes she does come into our bedrooms), that she knows all. She lost not only her child but her husband to cholera. She knows the depth of my despair. She does not tell me these things directly, any more than she tells me that, having both a husband and a son, she is hardly alarmed by anything she might glimpse whilst tending to me (as she did with Sherlock, who was so very unconcerned with modesty in our homely rooms). But she sits on the side of my bed and rubs my arm and murmurs soft, meaningless words of comfort and sorrow. The words do not and cannot repair the rending of my heart, but their utterance ensures me that I should not be ashamed nor reticent. In her presence I can be and am honest.
That our marriage had ended by divorce rather than death was undeniable. Mary and I had been legally divorced (and if the means by which that divorce had been obtained—necessitating a stage-managed ‘assignation’ on my part as proof of adultery—we were assuredly not the first nor the last people to have play-acted in such a manner to achieve their goal).
I am not certain if I should consider myself “fortunate” in that that evening actually unfolded exactly as I desired. After the concert reached its conclusion and the crowd began to wander out of the theatre, I linked his arm with mine and guided him out to the street—did I fuss a bit settling his cloak and hat on him? Yes, I did. He was entirely in my hands, though. He did not seem to have the internal fortitude to accomplish something as simple as preparing himself for the night air, let alone hailing a cab, so I tended to all.
“We can’t give him anything stronger for the pain, sir,” Christopher, back for the evening shift, insisted. “He’s not strong enough.”
“No?” I was genuinely intrigued by his comment. “You do seem rather dedicated to maintaining the ‘status quo’ for your costume…”
“What does that have to do with anything?” I asked, but my voice was tight. I knew, of course—and he knew that I knew.
Have I written about this at another time? I do not recall, and I find myself digressing from my original subject. I will continue my narrative as intended.
Sherlock grabbed at the flannel a few times, pulling it towards his face and inhaling deeply, a small smile gracing his cracked lips.
So, when she was given the word, she had swiftly made up the bed in the room next to Mycroft’s and stocked the bathroom with towels. She put together the simple meal requested. She had made a proper pot of tea and ensured that the rest of the kitchen was clean and tidy. She took great pride in how she kept the house and prepared the meals. Granted, she was a traditionalist, particularly in terms of menus, and she suffered in silence when Mr Holmes would hire one of those snippy “event planners” and a caterer for his frequent dinner parties. She did understand that those dinners had to be sharp and clever and very modern and honestly had no desire to learn how to make some of the ridiculous, fussy dishes, so she tolerated it, and she was always grateful not to have to serve, but sometimes she did wish to create a lovely, lavish, proper dinner for twelve, with roast beef and Yorkshire pudding and sprouts. These thoughts floated through her head as she took out a few slices of bread and retrieved the butter.
were about to suggest a connection between what they found under their trees and the black sheep of the family.”
Despite the milling throng that was absolutely clogging the pavement in front of Harrods, John had had no trouble spotting his mate. In his dark coat and scarf, with matching curls and scowl, Sherlock’s very presence seemed to part the crowd, leerily shifting left or right to create an open space around him. Granted, he was leaning against a lamp post, but people seemed to be giving it (and him) a rather wider than usual berth.
“Merry Christmas!” He walked over to him and accepted the bag so the silver-haired man could take off his coat.
Why cannot I celebrate his life and mourn his death with the intensity with which I actually experience both? Is it because I am British? An ex-army captain? A doctor? —both occupations being rife with deaths of the most horrific natures. Is it because our love was illicit?
“Hello, Sherlock.” The smarmy man came in as if it was his room—oh, perhaps it was. “Mycroft Holmes,” he introduced himself. “Newest nurse?”
“Father would often do that—grip my arm so hard that I would bear the marks for days. Sometimes it was my shoulder. If we had visitors, he would parade me in front of them, boasting about what an excellent scholar I was, and all the while he would be digging his fingers into my neck to ensure that I behaved.
“A slight miscalculation…” she replied, laughing weakly. It was not until later that I realised she had used a favourite expression of Sherlock’s, which he used most often in reference to unplanned swims in the Thames or noxious fumes filling the house.
“Yes.” He looked as if he was going to continue, but he abruptly dropped his eyes to his plate and we sat in silence and stillness for several moments. Finally, he pierced a bit of the fish that lay on his plate and swirled it around. “I only wish that I could have offered the same when our mother was so ill, but I was not yet in a position to do so.”
I do remember that very first meeting—really, how did he, seeing that I was a stranger, know that announcing the results of his experiments with haemoglobin would not shock and horrify me? He is the most observant man in England (except for his brother, of course). If he, at that first glance, thought it acceptable to rush over and announce his findings—what did he see in me that I was not aware of?
Mycroft entered his brother’s room cautiously. His reaction to having been apprehended a second time—he had been spotted by Mycroft’s driver as they by chance followed the gardener’s mini through the gate—had been predictable. And violent.
“Perhaps I will not shout, my darling, but until you tell me what occurred neither of us will know. Come sit up here with me.” As I so often did, I arranged him on my lap. “Now, will you tell me what happened? What did you forget?”
I did not admit, even to myself at that early stage, that that was what I was feeling, but looking back, it most certainly was—particularly my compulsion to tend to him.
But every single time, he found himself drawing a complete blank, and then his head would start to feel like someone was piercing it through with a harpoon and his stomach would churn and more often than not he would end up kneeling over the toilet and then accepting the toothbrush offered by whoever it was who had gotten stuck with that shift.
Humming in satisfaction, he found a brown crayon and soon one of the bodies of water was graced with a distinct image of a sailing ship. “Here,” said Mycroft, bending to hand him the black crayon. His brother grunted—was that meant to be a thank you? —and carefully added what could only be a classic Jolly Roger flag.
“No, Sherlock, I did not mean that as a criticism. It is perfectly fine.” I continued rubbing his thin back (I could teach an anatomy lesson using him instead of a cadaver—I could name every bone—he really needs feeding up).
He brushed past her and peered keenly at his brother, who was sleeping on the sofa, clutching one of the cushions to his chest. His lip had cracked again; there was a bit of dried blood on it. “Do you have something for his lips?” he asked, obviously wishing to change the subject.
“Yeah. Winifred—the overnight nurse—got him crayons—we thought that maybe he could try to… not talking… well, you know.”
So now, as she brought the stack of soft, luxurious blankets up to the older brother’s bedroom, she did not question why Sherlock would be sleeping on the sofa there instead of the freshly-made bed in the room he usually used.
“What do you mean?” Solomon asked guilelessly. He had just arrived to discover them in the guest room. “My mum would be horrified to see what he’s having for breakfast.”
I will be with him as much as possible, but as the older man pointed out, I do have to occasionally sleep, and I also might find it oppressive and disheartening to have to be constantly vigilant. Also, as the elder brother expressed it, despite our devoted companionship, I am not responsible for Sherlock, and although he truly appreciates my role as his brother’s doctor and friend (which nearly made me blush), he cannot expect me to bear the entire burden of his family’s affliction.
The doctor laughed and shut his new backgammon set, placing it on the small table next to his chair. He rose and stretched. “Okay. If we’re going to have Christmas dinner before midnight, we’ve got to get going on it. Come on. Into the kitchen with you. You’re doing the chopping.”
He was still standing on the towel, wiping himself down in a methodical, slow fashion. He ran the sponge across and between his legs; reached around and continued his ablutions.
Mycroft’s calm façade faltered just the slightest bit. “No, Sherlock, I have not,” he stated, glancing at me and mouthing
But DI Greg Lestrade was gratified beyond words that Sherlock Holmes had actually made a point of letting him know where he was going.
We had coffee and some sandwiches. Finally, my cousin and Mr. Ryder withdrew to the smoking room of the hotel and she and I moved to a lounge. It was rather late by then, but the rooms were still quite lively. Nonetheless, we found a quiet corner in which to continue our conversation, and it was at this point that your wife finally revealed to me the truth of her situation.
He nodded and alighted on a chair. As he had been so agitated upon my departure, I was surprised and pleased with his attempt and praised him.
He grumbled deep in his throat but I took no notice, instead retrieving the items I needed from around his room.
“You are not!” he protested. “You are one of the strongest and most brave and stalwart men I have ever known.”
It is ten o’clock according to the bells of the unseen clock. Sherlock has been released from his imprisonment. He is injured, weak, and ill. There is a look in his eyes that I have never seen before.
It is now ten o’clock and—here is his warm milk. I believe that I will encourage him to put on nightclothes and see if he will lie down with me in an hour. The lightness of the mood in our rooms is such a welcome change.
“I have no idea… unless… There is absolutely no reason that I am here, living, and no reason that I should continue.  I cannot bear to take one more breath.”
“How precisely do you determine that you are a moral woman? Have you cultivated a specific collection of manners? Have you made a study of honourable and criminal behaviours? Are you more concerned with that which is ethical or that which is virtuous? Are your beliefs applied equally to all people, or do you expect a different standard from certain levels of society?”
“He sometimes goes for months without any episodes, but you were bound to encounter both his low times and his manias over time. I must say, when I found out that he was sharing rooms with a doctor, I felt rather a sense of relief. I believe that he is now, for the most part, in good hands.”
“Has he been?” I prompted. I sensed that he had finally backed Mrs. Bloom into the corner he had planned for her. Our interview was nearly over.
“I mean that there is a suite of rooms in my home that can be prepared as we deem necessary—and I can hire attendants to keep him safe day and night.”
I regret to this day that my reflexes were not the slightest bit faster, for although I realised what was coming, I could not reach them quickly enough to prevent it.
So Sherlock satisfied—in part at least—my curiosity about his brother, and then it was time to broach my second subject.
They had all taken heart in learning that Winifred was coming on duty at midnight; if anyone could take the situation firmly in hand, it was the calm and motherly nurse.
“It can get quite warm in here when I have something simmering for so long,” she pointed out, recovering from my reference to her impropriety.
He spun around and slammed his back against the window, panting and wide-eyed. He lost his grip on the blanket draped over his shoulders and it slid to the floor. He looked down at himself and his mouth opened in horror. He lunged across the room and, his hands shaking terribly, swiftly retrieved pyjamas. His balance difficulties caught up with him as he attempted to slide his feet into the bottoms, but he managed to cover his legs.
“My poor sweetheart,” I murmured, cradling him in my arms. “I am here, and we shall be quite cosy in our bed.”
He had spoken to them just the day before, as he did every week, but that had been before his brother’s sighting and return. Now, instead of the usual mild distain he had no problem sharing with them, he had felt uncharacteristically rattled. It would not surprise him in the slightest if Dad at least picked up on the strained inflection.
John had gotten her lovely lambskin slippers with a textured sole that she could even wear to nip out to her bins. Sherlock had gotten her a book about growing herbs in pots  (and vegetables and fruit, but it was clear what he had intended). John gave him a smack on the back of his head, and then she and John laughed and Sherlock let his shy smile grace his face for a few seconds.
“I will not waste any time with niceties,” the elder brother announced, seating himself on one of the side chairs. As if in response to this, Sherlock thrust himself up from the settee and began his too-familiar pacing. I believe that I tried to hide my dismay at this. I doubt that I succeeded.
“No,” I said sharply—for I was truly angry at this point, “you did not think. That is exactly the point that I am making. I do not believe that it is your fault, my dear friend, but what you are proposing to do has nothing whatsoever to do with ‘thought’. And the thought of you, so far away and alone, is deeply distressing. I cannot bear to consider it.”
—the speckled cobra—apparently the editor thought that this foreign word would not strike sufficient fear and awe in the hearts of readers and so changed it to the ludicrously inaccurate “swamp adder”) in the doctor’s room thrilled me equally. It made me quite impatient as we awaited the county police (the housekeeper, who had of course been roused by Roylott’s dying scream, proved useful for at least this task). While we waited, we organised ourselves—we were friends of Miss Stoner and had been invited to visit. We had stayed up quite late talking (Miss Stoner had not, upon withdrawing to her usual bedroom, changed into nightclothes, so it already appeared as if she and Sherlock and I had been doing just that) when we had heard the agonised screams of her stepfather. As his penchant for exotic animals was well-known in the district, we did not anticipate a terribly rigorous interrogation from the police—the housekeeper, who had been a bit baffled by our appearance, had been silenced when Miss Stoner explained to her that we had arrived after she had retired.
He nodded sluggishly. The motion was in such contrast to the odd twitches and jerks he had been exhibiting that it was disturbing. Languid now, he seemed a different person. I thought that I had longed for him to be still, but this was not stillness. This was stupor, and it was not a solution to his condition.
We sat in silence for a few moments. Finally, he spoke, and his voice sounded as if it was coming from a great distance.
After they ate, Sherlock got himself up from the table and walked slowly out of the room. Christopher followed quietly, letting him lead the way. Mycroft sat alone in his bedroom for a minute. It hardly looked like his bedroom anymore. There was a box of crayons and some blank paper on the dresser. There were stacks of books next to the sofa. His best dressing gown—the maroon one that his brother had used as a wall of his blanket fort—was now tossed on his bed, which was made up but rumpled from someone lying on top of the covers. He knew that Sherlock’s toothbrush and shampoo and deodorant, as well as a stack of clean towels and another of clean pants, cluttered the bathroom.
Mycroft scowled at the sight of his brother, pale and dazed and silent and vague, slumped sideways on the sofa, his bare feet protruding from the blanket spread over him. “What upset him?” he demanded, observing the sluggish movement of his brother’s eyes uneasily.
“Mycroft was most affected by it,” he continued. “He was extremely ambitious—wanting to have a public life—and the stain of any impropriety was a deep one indeed. He began at quite a young age to counter all the… gossip, I suppose you would call it… with projecting an image of unimpeachable character. Was the new program at the musical hall a bit risqué? He would rather be caught dead than in attendance. Were some young men being characterised in the newspapers as being ‘ridiculous’ for wearing their trousers so full? His remained modest to the extreme. No bright colours; no fads. No new music or novels or
“You are being deliberately obtuse,” I growled. “It is nearly the twentieth century. Things are changing, and we must change with them.”
“Well, I do not dwell upon it,” she explained, “and I wore my widow’s weeds for just a year. It was not out of lack of respect for my dear husband,” she hastened to add, “but a young widow may sometimes be perceived as being a bit… naïve. Vulnerable. I had to make my own living then, and it was so difficult to get anything accomplished—workmen can be terribly condescending. I found myself quite arguing with some of them about the alterations I needed in the house, and dealing with the lawyers and the bankers… I did it quite deliberately, you know.”
I am so very glad that I did. My readers are, as well, and although Sherlock condescends and deplores and insults every word I put down, I know that he is secretly quite pleased to be such a subject of fascination and is proud of my accomplishments. He does sometimes express a fondness for some of my tales. [Sherlock has noted:
I was in the next room tidying up—he tends to drop soiled clothing and towels to the floor, so I was gathering everything up to be taken away and washed (this is actually quite like home). The footman who entered was hampered by his heavy tray. He took both of us by surprise by announcing his intent and managing to get out into the corridor, where one of the attendants accosted him. It turned into a physical altercation. Ordinarily, with his deceptively wiry frame, he would have had the upper hand, but in his current state he does not have complete mastery of his limbs, and in the scuffle his wrist, elbow, and shoulder were twisted quite hard. The attendant was suitably apologetic, but I assured him that whatever force he had applied had been necessary.
“You are withholding something from me,” I accused, and he bowed his head in acquiescence. “Why? What is it?”
It took a while. Mycroft was amazed at her patience—and a bit alarmed at how long it took her to get his little brother to open his eyes (the swelling was going down a bit) and sit up. Winifred had wanted to get some tablets into him. She had procured some chocolate biscuits and a glass of milk from the kitchen and after she finally got him semi-awake, she offered them to him. He smiled guilelessly at her before carefully biting into one; wincing as he bumped his split lip.
I drew her into my examining room, gently excluding him. “I must examine her in private,” I said firmly. I already knew that it would not be a physical examination. That was not what she required.
“Apparently, although he claims to have had no idea nor interest in her—she is quite young and rather a silly thing, according to him.”
“One of the books he chose.” It had happened so quickly that she had been unable to prevent it, but after they had restrained him, and she had reluctantly injected him with the powerful tranquiliser, she had retrieved the book that he had been reading—the first book he had hurled across the room with surprising vigour. She had picked up all the others as well, quietly re-stacking them next to the sofa, but that one she had put on the table, cover down, and placed some papers over it. Now she retrieved it and handed it to the tall man.
Of course, the very thought of presenting myself to you in your den of sin horrifies me; it would be positively indecent. Therefore, you will meet me at Langham’s Palm Court at teatime on Thursday and we will discuss the actions that my duty dictate.
I followed him. When I opened the door, he did not pause in stripping off his befouled clothes or look at me. He did, however, make a rather angry growl.
The crowd in the lobby was slowly thinning out. Your wife sent the men to retrieve our coats, then drew me to a quiet corner. “Emily,” she whispered, her lips close to my ear, “would you and your cousin care to join us for supper?”
? There are no food allergies or sensitivities listed on his chart. There is no reason not to give him a proper, balanced dinner.”
Why? He thought he knew what had triggered the awakening. He knew not only about his brother’s love of the lovely, greasy takeaway, but how often the good doctor had indulged him with it.
As the team packed up their gear, the nurse who would be staying with them got him re-dressed in the soft nightwear. This seemed to calm him down a great deal, and he took up stroking the soft fabric as he had done earlier. “Are your feet cold?” she wondered aloud. “Do you want socks?” He examined her face curiously, then shook his head, wincing as the motion clearly caused him pain. “All right. No socks,” she agreed. It wasn’t easy. Poor man—she wanted to wrap him in cotton wool from top to bottom.
“Are you all right, Sherlock?” his brother asked. Anthea, observing from behind him, caught the slightest note of anxiety in his voice. “What were you doing?”
Then he was pacing again, and now was issuing a continuous litany of increasingly meaningless and undiscernible words, punctuated by the most disturbing laugh on occasion. He seemed to become completely unaware of our presence. Mycroft and I engaged in our own conversation whilst not looking at one another, but keeping our eyes fixed on him, and speaking over his endless monologue.
be hosting a party this year. The mad man with whom he shared his life had been so busy complaining about the mind-numbing music, garish store displays, and lack of well-planned, clever criminal activity he hadn’t dared to bring up anything about sending cards, decorating the flat, or planning a Christmas dinner earlier in the month.
“Sherlock, we have spoken about this many times,” I reminded him. He looked at me longingly and I sighed. “You know that my attitude towards following the letter of the law has changed.”
“Hm? I see,” Mycroft hummed noncommittally. The nurse had been explaining exactly what had transpired upon his arrival—not that he had been able to elucidate much on the subject. Observing how his brother behaved and knowing what was going on in his head were two entirely different things. The government man had tuned his rather droning voice out as soon as he had started.
“But I desire it now, John. I have been composing you know I have been but I’ve gotten to a bit that I simply must play to work it all out and I wish to play it for you I wonder if Mycroft would like to hear it as well he has excellent taste in music hedoesnot gotoconcerts butIwishhewould heused to go toconcertsproperones not musichallperformances whichIknowisyour preferencedo youthinkIcouldhavemorepaperIsomehowuseditallup didyoubringpaperoranynewspapers itcouldevenbeyesterday’sIfindmyselfignorantofthedatewhyis that sometimesIdon’t care whatthe date is itdoesn’tmuchmattertome doesitmatter? Doesitmattertoyou? Ifitmatterstoyou I willtry harderto knowtheday youwere gonehalf theday it’snearlydark—”
“Do you mean that?” I managed. “You would have him tended here and not sent to one of those awful places?”
John rolled over and looked blearily at the clock that glowed in the darkness of his bedroom. 3:12 a.m. He rolled back onto his back and stared up at a ceiling that he could not see. He wiped angrily at the tears that slipped down his temples.
Mrs Hudson shook her head at my apparent naivete. “There are more ways around those than people to enforce them.”
“Oh,” he sighed. “It was rather dull. After I realised that the intruder could not have lifted both herself and all those dishes through the window, I went around and examined the door that led directly into the kitchen. It was clear from the impression in the soft dirt around it that someone had recently rested a wicker basket beside it. From that I deduced that the intruder had transported those objects in a picnic hamper, placed them outside the door at the rear of the house, lifted herself into the dining room through the window, then unlocked the door from the inside and brought her burden inside to set up her macabre scene.”
Sherlock looked over suspiciously. They certainly looked special—or at least different. Unlike their gifts to each other, which had been wrapped in a dignified holly-and-ivy patterned paper (and yes Sherlock had wrapped his gifts for John and Mrs Hudson himself), the wrapping on the small stack of presents featured a mixture: two were wrapped in paper featuring penguins in festive winter hats and scarves, one was in a gift bag, two were in solid green, and the remaining two were in very shiny paper: one silver, one gold.
John rose and stretched. “This place is a skip,” he commented mildly. He bent and picked up the cardboard box in which his new backgammon set had been. He turned it over in his hands idly. Something caught his eye. He examined it, then looked suspiciously at his mate. “Sherlock, what’s this?”
“Mmm. It was July. It had not been terribly oppressive, but one evening, one could not help but notice that, as the sun went down, the temperature began going
I pressed my lips together to avoid laughing—does the man ever encounter anything that he does not question? “It probably has something to do with warmth, or maybe feeling another’s heartbeat or breathing—nearly all creatures gain comfort from close contact with another,” I answered glibly. Why did it feel so good? I cannot think of a better explanation now.
I nodded. I felt (still feel) the same way about my war wounds. For long periods of time they do not cause me pain, and I am lulled into a false sense that they have finally, completely healed and will never interfere with me again, and then I experience an unusually cold, wet day or a particularly hard run or other form of violent exercise and the next day I am in agony and frustrated and angry about it.
“Yes, he does. Let him have a good soak,” she suggested. “I’ll take these down to be washed,” she added as she gathered up the wet clothing.
Despite his statement to the contrary, I still believe that I did do well—and precisely as he had indicated. I did discover the name of the tenant who has taken Charlington Hall, and if he is convinced that this bad business is connected with the Hall, won’t knowing this name be useful?
“Are we... of course we are!” Mrs. Bloom’s voice raised above the restrained modulation she had, until now, managed to maintain.
He handed him one of the books he had found; he and the nurse on a previous shift had gone in search of the library and the nurse had helped him bring several books upstairs. The fastidious man sighed as he saw them stacked on the floor next to the sofa.
Oh, my darling’s face! He is just the loveliest thing in the world. I began by getting the sponge good and wet, and then wringing it out over that glorious, uproarious head of dark hair. The curls, in protest of the heat, apparently, had sprung up everywhere, but they are so very dense that I had to work a bit to get the lovely, cool water to his scalp and douse his brilliant and overheated head.
And of all things that now come to my mind is the fact that, when we were in our confinement, I was only permitted pencil, and so those pieces I wrote then are somewhat smudged. How I wish my memories were equally softened and obscured.
I—then and now, as I write this—marvel (and wonder) at her concern over his well-being, and I am more than touched by her solicitude for him. Our Sherlock is like the finest of china—admirable under heat, but unable to weather the slightest blow.
“It doesn’t really matter what it’s called when I’m the one doing the laundry. I’ve been feeding and caring for this man for years. I know what he likes and what he doesn’t like. I know what foods make him ill and which make him happy. I have already planned his next few meals, and I can assure you that not one of them will include rosemary chicken, mixed carrots and peas, and mashed potatoes with sautéed mushrooms. Tonight, he will be having Welsh rarebit and some apple slices. And a glass of milk. For afters I’ve made one of his favourites—chocolate mousse.
“She was so grateful, and promised that she would return, but the walk will do her some good, and it has given me some time to consider all that has transpired.”
He gave me a wicked, wicked smile that made me shudder from top to toe. He drew closer to me, his long arms wrapping around my waist. He looked directly into my eyes, and his voice was low and lovely as he brushed his lips against mine and uttered the most delicious words I have ever heard.
“But we can’t let him hurt himself,” the younger man pointed out. He didn’t disagree with her, but he saw both sides of the situation.
John wandered through the large store, staring at the displays of shirts. He hated shopping for clothing, but he really needed some new things. He found himself looking at suits, then shaking his head.
He shook his head. “They’re not exactly on the grid, Inspector Lieutenant. I have to go look for them.”
All of these thoughts flashed through my mind in an instant, and I knew absolutely that no, I never wished for my darling to be anything but the amazing, brilliant, and beautiful man that he is.
Solomon chuckled in amusement. Sherlock, wearing a blanket like a gigantic shawl, was seated cross-legged on the bed of his own room, avidly enjoying a book. “Got distracted?” he asked. “Happens to me all the time when I’m supposed to be organizing my magazines.”
He considered this for a moment and I slid my hand under his shirt again. “Oh! Dress myself properly!”
“Shut your eyes,” I instructed. He did so, pre-emptively closing his mouth tightly as well. I fished the sponge out of the warm water and, holding it over his head, wrung it out vigorously to rinse his hair and face. I wiped his face delicately until I was certain that no soap remained. I then took up the lathered cloth again and began on the back of his neck and his shoulders. “So… I want to hear the whole story,” I urged. “It began with that call.”
John obediently resumed his task, and as quickly as he could, he extracted the plastic pistol and a black eyepatch. “Can you put the batteries in yourself?” he asked.
Two shepherd’s pies in individual ramekins, popped into the microwave in the surgery’s staff room, would have been perfect, but the ramekins had remained in the kitchen at Baker Street when he had moved.
“I cannot… continue breathing. I cannot bear… one more second of life. I cannot continue. I wish for it all to stop.”
would do—because in his musings it had occurred to him that if his “situation” was revealed, what would Victor be able to say? He clearly couldn’t have tied both of his hands by himself. Once tied, he couldn’t have arranged the duvet. It would be instantly apparent that Victor himself had done it—and what would that say about
“Are you all right, Mrs Hudson?” I asked in concern. Her face was pinched and downcast. “Are you in pain?”
If I did not know him better, I would have been jealous. As it was, I was aware that his every word—his every tip of the head or placement of graceful fingers on Mr. Bloom’s arm—was an act delivered with the express purpose of steering our encounter in the desired direction. Somehow, even in the midst of my anguish, I was aware of his mastery and command of the situation and had the greatest hope that he would somehow reconcile the entire debacle.
“I know,” I managed to respond. The words hurt me as much as the bullets that had struck me during my service.
She paused, a thoughtful expression on her face. And then she smiled a bit victoriously. “Felicity Thatcher! She would probably be able to at least bring some meals from their shop,” she offered, “and perhaps she would be able to do a few things in the house.”
My thoughts must have been displayed on my face, as Mycroft, after observing me considering all of this information, suddenly burst out, “Oh, no! I do not mean to take him away from you. I believe that separating you from him would be extremely detrimental to the situation.”
This stopped Sherlock in his tracks. “John, is that so? You would be upset if I left?” He sounded astounded.
“Actually, Mr. Bloom has just been extremely helpful... to us,” my darling offered, and there was no mistaking the note of victory in his voice.
“You can barely keep your eyes open! And when you crash, you’re going to want to be somewhere warm and clean and dry, with lots of painkillers—am I right?”
Mycroft was a bit ashamed of himself—he was so very proud of his little brother for managing this escape so well. The wallet would be returned to its owner by post, of course, with enough cash to cover the cost of the purchases he had put on the credit card—how thoughtful of Sherlock to have stuffed the receipts into the pocket of the (hideous) coat. He had to estimate how much cash he had spent. He didn’t want to think about what he had spent it on, but it was necessary.
He was grateful that he had left Anthea behind to organise the medical team when he had headed out to retrieve him. He knew that over the years she had seen the younger Holmes at both his best and at his worst, but as they sped through the streets of London, he simply did not have the desire for anyone else to witness the great man, Sherlock Holmes, dazed and broken and struggling to speak.
“My books… damn.” He realised an instant too late that he had just agreed to leave with his—what was he? Former schoolmate? Accompanist?
Mycroft nodded. Despite his inarticulate spluttering, he knew that the nurse was not just competent but genuinely concerned for his brother, as was the night nurse, and he thought that the idea to provide him with a different medium in which to express himself was inspired. He was also keenly aware that the choice of crayons was more than appropriate.
Oh, I realise now as I cast my eyes over this—I have forgotten to note the most important portion of last evening. How could I do that? Perhaps because at the time I was so overcome with emotion that I was fairly embarrassed for myself afterwards.
Nothing was making him happy—or, more accurately—everything was making him unhappy. He fussed about the tea Mrs Hudson had brought up—bread and butter and lovely, hot tea. I was a bit taken aback. I was accustomed, even in those early days, to his eschewing good, nourishing food in preference for sweets, but this was different.
Mycroft gave a sharp nod and led the way out into the hallway. The nurse shut the light and closed the bedroom door almost completely, but he positioned himself so he could still see his patient through the remaining opening. “What is it?” the government man asked in some concern. “You know that he was quite agitated last night. He had to be sedated.”
“Please, Doctor,” she continued. “Is there something that you can give me? Not to mend it. To end it.”
Had he at some point played a great deal? He lifted his arms, miming cradling the instrument’s neck in one hand and holding a bow, and although his fingers were stiff and his hands shook, a vague memory floated up to the surface. He took a more correct position. Yes, even if he was terribly out of practice, it felt quite natural.
He carefully bent and retrieved a stack of the books next to the sofa, then shuffled out into the hallway and into the room next door. He put the books on top of the dresser and looked at the stack critically. They were all muddled and out of order. He began to re-stack them in a more logical order. He dimly recalled doing this before—sorting books—but with that someone else he couldn’t quite recall.
Mycroft stretched in his chair—he was even taller than Sherlock and his legs seemed to go on for miles—before offering me a cup of tea from the tray that had just been brought into his private study. He had sent for me to join him. Sherlock was engaged in writing something—I believe it was chemical equations—and barely noticed as I was let out of our rooms. It was the first time we had been able to discuss the situation in private.
make sense,” he agreed, smiling a bit at how Matilda’s beautiful, lilting accent became stronger as she became intrigued about their conversation. “It’s still surprising, though, considering.” He straightened up and showed her the clipboard he had grabbed. “Now, here’s his meds schedule, and… listen. Today was pretty rough. Something happened yesterday, and he’s still upset about it. He did have a haircut and a shave, but it wasn’t very pleasant.”
“Slight… problem with that,” the pale young man admitted, sniffing (Greg dug tissues from his glove box and received a nod of thanks).
She stood still, her arms folded across her chest, listening to the soft receding steps. Finally, sure that the woman had reached the ground floor, she took a deep breath, calming herself and composing her features before turning towards the bed. Sherlock’s eyes were open a bit and he was gazing blearily at her, his face slack and his mouth open.
The sight that greeted me caused my throat to tighten and my eyes to prick with tears. My friend was but a shadow of his usual self.
His lips slide over Sherlock’s jaw, his ear, down to his throat, and it’s messy and wet and wonderful. Sherlock tastes like honey and orange blossoms, and John remembers what their bathroom used to smell like whenever Sherlock had had a shower,
It's good to banter, Sherlock thinks as he watches John rise and adjust himself in his jeans. Unlike relationships, and love, and sex, and all their complicated implications, this at least is familiar territory. And it shows him that their old selves are still there, still hiding underneath it all. With time, they can get them back, and then they'll move on.
