“Dean, please,” Castiel says, “listen to me. No, you did not hurt me. No, you didn’t talk in your sleep. Alright: I can give you the truth or a cleaned up version, but you’re responsible for which one you pick.”
“Oh, drink water. That helps with the shaking… Eventually.” Sam passes him a bottle of water and nods towards the back door. “Want to head outside? I don’t want to talk business with you, but I’d like to talk to you as a friend.”
It’s ridiculous. He sounds like a dead squirrel, then like a dead raven, then like a live raven but still nearly not good enough to make it in their upcoming band practice. He boils some ginger tea and tries to do both breathing and vocal warm-up exercises simultaneously, which ends in miserable failure. There’s a collection of CD’s in the cupboard in his living room, and a stereo on top of it. He puts on music he hasn’t listened to since he was a teenager, before all of the messes in his life, and sings along while he does more laundry and then the dishes.
“Well, they’re mischief makers. If you angered some, they might have ruined your crops or maybe sent you here, I don’t know.”
“I feel good,” Dean says, running a hand down his face to regain a sense of reality. “I feel so good.”
The thought of Bartholomew being unfair was too much — that’s what eventually brought Castiel back down from the high of his wrath. That, and the realization that there was absolutely nothing wrong with being in a pod like this. It was quiet, it was safe, and the water gently splashed in time with his breathing. He let his ears sink below the surface, and all he could hear was his somatosensory tinnitus. It was bliss for a moment.
Castiel reaches around for another log to angrily throw in, but finds himself fresh out of firewood. Groaning out loud, he straightens his stiff body and throws on a woolen shirt and a scarf he received from Dean three years ago. Not thinking too much about how well it represents the guy – wrapping around him, providing warmth, impossible to let go of – Castiel pushes open the door and steps outside.
With a vague wave of his hand, he left - there was no reason to drag this on for any longer. It was already half past seven now and the annual Grand Firework Show hosted by the city was only half an hour away. If he ran now, he'd make it to the twenty-to tram and would be off into the distance before the party started. As he picked up the pace, he could feel the anxiety and pain building up in his chest; there was no escape from those lonely nights up ahead. At that exact moment, as to add a drum roll on his thoughts, a single set of fireworks went up in the air. Dean's heart got stuck in his throat. He was not ready for this.
As Dean was thinking about what kind of appointments Anna could have regarding her line of work, he noticed the man behind the counter looking their way again. There was something in him that reminded Dean of Anna  – or maybe, or most likely, he was already imagining things. It had been quite the hell of a couple of days.
“I know, sweetie,” she says, and this time, the caring in her voice is genuine. “Come, I'll make you some... Coffee?”
Dean looks at Charlie good-naturedly, squeezing the handle of his briefcase before catching himself. “Oh! I’m here for a reason.”
“Yes,” Castiel says and for a moment, his brain comes to a halt as he sees Dean against the backdrop of his flowers. Such a sight. Painting-worthy. “We need to go to the station. Apparently there’s a new suspect.”
"No, you're doing well," the clerk insisted, "Some people come in here and take a bite off the soaps there in the main table."
He offers one big hand for Castiel to shake and then turns towards the teas, placing his hands on his hips.
Castiel frowns, and shakes his head. “You’ve got a party going on. You wouldn’t want to miss it over some drama.”
Maybe it’s for the best, though. Castiel long ago noticed they just don’t work well alone anymore; either they become awkward due to Castiel’s staring, or they become way too cozy and fall asleep leaning against each other. In those moments, Castiel ends up yearning for them to
Charlie is trying to make eye contact with Castiel, of course failing slightly due to the whole Skype thing. Castiel briefly decides that they should meet soon.
“You’re a really good person, Castiel, and one of the most talented and creative people I’ve ever met when it comes to programming. I’m planning to start a business with a friend, and I know it might sound like a lot since you just got out of a stressful situation, but I want you on my team. As an executive programmer, or a creative leader-designer, or anything that gives you your freedom to create and not stress about the fucking law.”
When Anna returns to the front, Castiel turns off the heat and combines the onions with the minced meat. He frowns at his hands while they go through the motions, thinking back to when he started working for Anna. He had learned to cook from their mother, but that had been the first time he’d really had to put his skill to good use; suddenly, he’d had to cook not only for customers of the restaurant but for elderly citizens all around Boston. All of his fears of not being good enough vanished soon — not that he’d received fanmail, but at least there wasn’t any increase in complaints.
It hasn’t always been this hard. When Castiel and Dean met in grade school, Dean shared his pencil with Castiel and pretended to punch him during recess because Castiel wanted to look cool in front of the tough guys. They built a fort and slept in it all summer. They built a raft and made it to the local news when they had the police escort them back to the shore. They built a friendship and sealed it with a blood oath. They played Cluedo. They played battleships. They played FPS games.
Castiel snorts a bit. “Got me there. Now, point me to the general direction of the jerk who was drinking too much.”
“This is badass,” he says to distract them both, in awe of the layout upstairs. It's two small bedrooms, just enough to fit a queen-size bed comfortably, and a long hallway with a window at the end. “It's like a horror movie. No, it's like playing Slender in real life.”
was in jeopardy over the words this man chose to say to him… He left his beer because he didn’t trust himself not to drop it, and tried to see if Eileen was around, because she was safe and damn it Castiel could need some safety -- but she was nowhere to be found, and Castiel was getting dizzy already, so he muttered an excuse to Bart and Balthazar and headed outside.
“I’m failing to see how this is good,” Castiel muttered. Something in Dean’s eyes made him want to stow his arguments, but he was sure it was wishful thinking that was distorting his view.
“Hey there, home invader,” Castiel says. Instead of jumping, Charlie swirls around and greets him with the biggest smile.
He grits his teeth and gets rid of the hoodie. It's a ratchet t-shirt he's wearing underneath, but nothing he wouldn't wear while running on a good day. The breeze immediately latches onto his damp skin, but instead of freaking out it makes Castiel calm down. He's outside. The world hasn't ended. The ring is sated, too. All in all, good work.
It’s probably supposed to be a short kiss, but the instant Dean feels Castiel’s warmth, he’s unable to let go. Castiel drops his fingers, and all sound from the universe disappears – they’re standing in a void, a vacuum, a complete pitch-black emptiness where the only sense is touch, Dean touching Castiel, holding the kiss for an eternity before parting his lips slightly, and sound comes rushing back. His ears are ringing, Castiel’s
First, he vacuums the whole place. Then, he digs through his closet to find a black denim jacket with studs and changes into a worn t-shirt to leave under it.
He knew already that he needed to get rid of the apartment. He couldn’t be a materialist. But right now, more than anything, he wanted Bartholomew to follow him, to beg him to come back, to kiss him in the rain.
“Advice taken. Thank you… Castiel,” she grins, taking in his name from where it’s embroidered on his white shirt. “I bet you’ll have customers out of all our workers soon.”
Alright, time to get serious. Castiel places a hand on his diaphragm and tries to make his breathing come through the right place. After that, he composes a message.
“I’m just not really feeling that excited at the moment. I don’t feel I want to celebrate with people that-”
Castiel scoffs. She would immediately check out her old email address in case James had written him. She'd use her wits to seek James out in person and then wonder whether it'd finally be time for them to meet. She wouldn't have dealt with a long-distance relationship in the first place. She would have always known what she wanted.
“That’s the worst thing. I’m not ready for anything like that. I know I’m not. I don’t need to put myself back into a situation where I have to answer to someone.”
Now, he’s not much for architecture, but the building is clearly on the modern side; mostly glass and steel in that white-and-black design mostly seen in Scandinavian interior. There’s something in this he envies, but he also instantly craves the touch of old log cabins and stone arches from the early 20th century. He nears the elevator, wonders if he should be taking stairs instead, but feels lazy and heavy on his legs.
Castiel is uncomfortable, and his knees hurt where they’re placed against some roots of trees behind him. After his breath steadies and his heart is barely palpable in his chest, He struggles to hear what’s out there, but there’s nothing but the waves..
He watched Castiel's lips fall apart a little, but there was nothing in his attractive face that reminisced either regret, or disappointment.
Dean laughs, and that’s when Castiel realizes something else that’s changed; Dean, for some reason, is somehow more at ease with himself. Like years of stress have been lifted off his shoulders, and all that’s left is cotton candy.
Castiel moves slowly, but this time, Dean lets him add a third finger before he gets restless. He’s a mess, they’re both an absolute mess — kissing between words of nonsense and praise, getting lost in each other’s eyes and trying to control their breathing so they won’t slip into hyperventilation. Dean slowly puts the condom on Castiel, this time with his hands, and then lifts himself up a little to guide him in. Dean’s controlling the situation completely, for now, and he pushes their hips flush against each other far more quickly than Castiel would’ve dared, but the sound leaving Dean’s lips really washes away any care he had in the world.
Instead, he wanted to stay on Bartholomew’s good side. The man had been feeling down lately, and the last thing he needed was his boyfriend to start second guessing his thoughts. It didn’t make him voice any agreement, though, because that would’ve been lying.
Because it does serve him right. He wouldn’t recognize this person. He used to always be composed, never lose his temper, and-
He feels touched. Physically touched to the bone. He was unable to look straight at Dean during most of the songs, since after the song Meg chose everything started to sound like a direct message from Castiel to Dean. That doesn’t mean he didn’t feel his eyes on him, though. He feels positively ravished, admired, and for some reason, brave. He’s ready to take the final act head-on.
The sun has set, and darkness envelopes him. It’s almost ten in the evening, and it’s been a while since Tea Party was closed for the day, but for some reason the thought of passing by the store makes him finally get up from his meditative spot. His feet are heavy and all he wants to do is climb back into bed with Dean, but since that’s out of the question he drags himself forward to another night spent alone.
“No, I absolutely refuse to listen to you. I am insulted, and hurt, and embarrassed enough to evaporate any second now.”
Dean takes his bottom lip between his teeth while he’s thinking. Castiel absent-mindedly follows the movement with his eyes.
It’s been a little over a month since Castiel found out James and Dean are the same person, and since then he’s been growing in leaps. He’s realized he doesn’t need to be ready for something amazing to happen; good things happen regardless of your permission. He doesn’t need to be perfect, and he doesn’t need to always oblige. Sometimes he forgets and thinks he’s a lost cause, but those moments will hopefully grow rarer as time passes.
”I am aware of that, Dean. And I’m thankful you’re here now. It’s like I’ve lost my… essence in a way. My well is dry. I’m exhausted.”
Castiel is not going to ask what Dean's meaning with “we”, because he knows the answer and can't hear it. He doesn't need to ruin this beautiful house by imagining Dean hugging, and kissing, and showering, and sitting on windowpanes with someone else. He needs to pretend he's truly here to look for a new apartment with his fiance.
“Why did this person mention me?” Castiel asks. Jody looks at him closely, as if considering what he can handle.
They’ve known each other forever, and Castiel has never felt he has given something of himself away. Instead, James seems to fully realize who he is, and even more, make him more like himself. It doesn’t really make sense, but it’s got something to do with home. When all that was left from James was the ring Castiel got from him, that was his home. If all these years ended up with them finally meeting — preferably, with both of them awake — all the heartache, and all the longing would be worth it.
those heights served nicely. He could make out quite a lot of human forms over the spotlights on the walls, but not as much as costumes, let alone faces. He hoped the lights on himself were dim enough.
“Never said you were. Alright, Cas, have a good night, now. Are you up for a cup of coffee or tea later this week?”
Dean, at least, was swimming. It was like there'd been something intoxicating in his drink; a warm buzz ran in his veins and made him lightheaded. Castiel handed the present to Dean, and nodded sagely.
The music stops, and as soon as the man gets up from the ground where he just did a split, he turns towards Castiel. And just like that, whatever ethereal image he had already formed about the dancer is shattered.
“Fair enough. Uh, what’s your name? I realize we’ve spent more of today together than alone, and I’ve yet to put a name to your face.”
“So anyway, we have the cruise, and we have the Fourth of July, and we’re working on our surprise element as we speak. We will possibly choose an aesthetic for our decorative items, but other than that, bringing a whole theme to the party might seem like stuffing it too full. After all, the day is enough of a theme to begin with. I don’t want to crush your conservative friends by arranging a whole Hobbit theme in there.”
“I can’t wait to eat, to be honest. I don’t think those cinnamon buns make for an optimized breakfast.”
Dean laughs and watches the tortie run through the living room. Castiel nods his head questioningly towards the patio door.
“Uh. Harder?” is all that comes out of Dean’s head, even though that wasn’t the thing that caught his attention the most.
Castiel frowns. “Yes. My plan was to find a human foolish enough to follow me to a portal and then just push them in.”
They walked in silence for a while and as the sounds and scents dissolved, Dean felt he could breathe again. Their hands were still pressed together and he wanted to take his glove off to feel Castiel's skin against his – for investigational purposes, of course – to know whether there were actual sparks there.
Castiel’s nausea only worsens. He’s not good with time, but for James, he’s willing to try. He sends a quick OK just before Charlie returns with hot marshmallow lattes in hand.
Castiel gulped, trying to keep his words down, and succeeding only barely. This felt like a personal attack against him, but he didn’t know why Bart would see it necessary. Castiel hadn’t done anything to piss him off, had he?
”Not much,” Dean sighed, only barely being able to control himself from letting out all kinds of random rambles about Castiel. ”Should we be heading home soon?”
“So,” he says with a voice that's both prompting and menacing, “finding the apartment to your liking?”
Castiel had to phrase the following very carefully, tip-toeing around a subject that was way too sensitive to bring up now,
It’s a desire more physical than he’s had in a long time and it scares him – but he’s even more scared of the possibility that Castiel wouldn’t want that. It’s probably rude to assume it of him, though; another thing Charlie has taught him during the past weeks. Dean can’t assume nobody understands him without even giving them a chance to.
He’s standing in the middle of his beautiful store, numbly watching the glass painted windows. None of them are broken. The threatener has class.
“I need you, Cas,” he whispers, and his breath is shaky. He pulls Castiel in for a kiss that’s surprisingly gentle, considering how exhilarated they both are. Dean lifts his hips, moving Castiel further inside him, and presses his fingertips and nails gently on the skin of his back. “Please.”
“I love you too, angel,” Dean says, “and as I was saying, these fellas are rescues. Sam has a friend who’s a vet, and someone brought these in for euthanasia.”
Meg pushes her head through the crack in the staff room door. “I’ve put everything up. We’re ready when you are.”
Charlie’s chirpy voice comes from somewhere in the crowd. In the span of twenty minutes, the amount of people in the facilities has doubled. Everyone wants a piece of the Winchesters.
Castiel tries to swallow all the bitterness that’s trying to make its way up his throat. Like he’s known for ages, everything is going to end soon enough. He’s already wasted whatever opportunity he had with Dean by never speaking his mind. It’s been too late for a long time, and he shouldn’t feel bitter and angry at himself when he hears Dean’s interested in someone else. But just –
He presses send and groans. What gives? If James wanted to listen to this kind of nonsense, he could just read a blog — not even a good one — and be done with it. This, on the other hand, is far from the ideal message Castiel wanted to send. He just seems like the weird rambler he’s always been, and not interesting enough to hook the opposite party into a conversation. He should have asked something.
”Ah, it's the-” the girl gestured towards her halo and slowly took it off. ”It's alright, this is about how angel as I'm going to get.”
“I think we’re ready. Alright, you need to start singing whenever I give you the sign, okay? That’s how we’ll time perfectly with the fireworks at midnight. Some will be lit from the beach a bit further away, and some from the rear of the ship.”
Knowing this doesn’t help Castiel open up his email program or form a message. He isn’t even sure he remembers the password for the account he used back then. It would definitely be better to carry on and let new things happen in his life. Then again, it wouldn’t hurt to at least open up the account, right? That’s what Jane Villanueva would do, he thinks; she’d check her email immediately and then proceed on a plan of action.
“I’m just glad you’re listening,” Dean answers. Their eyes meet and for a scary couple of seconds, the air between them is filled with an unknown force — probably the same one that makes the world spin and the suns burn. Castiel’s chest fills with something heavy and he has to look away.
He scrolls around some news articles while the laundry machine goes into a full on centrifuge drum solo. Nothing particular going on; although, in this day and age, it’s always better to just skim over the headlines and not get too deep in thought with them. There’s tons of things wrong in the world, and it makes Castiel feel selfish, too. He’s here, having an existential crisis and a meltdown, possibly depression to accompany his anxiety disorder, but there are much worse things going on in the world around him, and those things aren’t going to wait for him to get better.
Castiel is surprised to find out he's not tired the next day. He expected to need at least five more days of recovery again, but as it turns out he's feeling brisk the morning after. It's far from a perfect situation, and there are probably relapses still to come, but with the heartbeat so prevalent on his finger he feels content. He brews coffee and hops up on the bar table again. It's always been a constant – and now it’s a place for him to relax, to think, and to feel just a bit like past Castiel. The one without all the drama, the one without his heart broken to smithereens, the one who still had bright eyes and quirks and jokes that nobody understood but most wanted to. He doesn't mean to dwell in the past again, but somehow his thoughts return to James.
“Yeah, we’re done. Let’s go,” Meg says, stepping back, still looking at the sight as if it’s a little holy. They slowly make their way back to the car in the fresh scent of a summer evening after rain.
“No, no. It’s refreshing,” Dean says, leaning back. There’s something that’s bothering him, but he hides his frown fast. Castiel starts rolling his ring around on his finger for distraction. He can feel James’ heartbeat against his skin. It’s almost in sync with his.“Still, let me just,” Castiel says then, turning his attention fully on Balthazar, “if you’re planning to act like this for much longer, I’d really prefer if you’d wait for us outside.”
"I like to think I'm not. But I'm not used to this amount of... Of sparkle, to be honest. I am overwhelmed."
Castiel looks up at him. They hold the eye contact for a second and Dean has to stop himself from reaching out.
He’s already sitting on the floor, and Eileen moves the coffee table so they can all face each other while seated. Castiel takes an awkward seat between Sam and Charlie, and concentrates on looking at his feet.
“Let me tell you what’s the most important occupation in the world, Castiel,” Bart said, and Castiel already knew what was coming. “It’s being an investment broker. You need to know when to encourage a human and when not to. If I were to encourage everyone to invest in these little ‘creative’ startup businesses, I’d be out of a job in a week or less. The investor would want my hide above their fireplace in no time. It just rarely pays off, that’s all.”
“Deep,” Dean huffed. He looked like he wanted to ask further, but a stall of pretzels distracted him. It was alright; Castiel felt bad enough about lying as it was, and he’d much rather watch Dean sink his teeth into a hot treat. While still chewing, he pointed towards a stall with all sorts of handmade decorations and trinkets. Castiel rolled his eyes fondly and let himself be lead in.
But that’s a stretch and he knows it, because if it’s broken that easy, it was never true sanity — just a flimsy experience for a couple of days. He’d been too busy with the 4th of July party to focus on himself, and now he’s paying the price.
“Got you,” Castiel says and returns to the counter. He grabs some dried orange from the bag he’s brought up for other purposes, but for ginseng he needs to make a quick trip downstairs. On a whim, he takes some gold drops made of sugar and adds them to the generous amount of darjeeling blend he’s making. Finally, he presses a Non-Partisan Tea Party sticker to the brown paper bag, and attaches the card. It’s an important thing to add on each of the packages he sells — he wants people to read it while they drink their tea. Although tea has been international for centuries, he’s eager to remind people of the origins of tea culture so at least something, if even only a thought, is passed on to the people who have made it possible. Also, on the other side of the card, there’s information of their fair trade rules and information about the origin of their teas down to the farmers themselves.
“Oh, please,” Castiel sighs, and Dean gently wraps a shaky arm around his waist. Castiel jumps a little.
They kiss again, but this time it doesn’t last — Dean pulls back, holding both of his hands on Castiel’s chest, biting his lip to compose himself. It’s, by far, the hottest thing in the world.
“Do you think we bothered to ask? Romance, money. That’s all we needed to know to be in,” Balthazar huffs.
“I hate what Rowena did,” Castiel admits after a while, “she should’ve told me. I mean, I know she’s dramatic and all, but this is a little more than she should’ve done.”
“Right, got it. Not comfortable with compliments. Trust me – and this is coming from the man who both had to save your ass from the river and feed you today – I am not going to drown you in compliments.”
“Yeah, I did,” Dean says with a grin. He seems to get lost for a moment, then inhales sharply. “What’s the scent?”
“It wasn’t easy. I tapped into the feelings of relief and fear that luckily never left me. As for you, right now, I’d say… How did you feel when we met after years?”
He walks to the petunias next, and decides to take a whole lot of them — but before he makes further plans, he sends Kevin a message to see if he’s working today. Usually, he doesn’t bother his friends with his delivery duties, but it’s only once a year for this amount of flowers.
A customer tried to pass them by, so Dean had to squeeze in closer to the strange clerk. He could feel his nerves trying to get the best of him, so he did what he knew best and gave the man a flirty grin.
“We’re about to hit the beach after work. I don’t suppose you’d want to come?” Meg asks, that sly fox, and her lopsided smile aimed at Castiel implies she knows perfectly well how he feels about both Dean and this suggestion.
Dean finished his drink and hoped there would be more somewhere in the immediate future, and followed Castiel towards the kitchen. They left their mugs for now, and continued to the dining hall. The drapes were a soft dark red color, and candles were ready to be lit. Dean felt his heart clench in his chest at the thought of Castiel putting up Christmas ornaments and candles alone in a house this big. It was a house in dire need of the sound of laughter.
Castiel cranks himself into a seated position and stays put, even though all the cells in his body scream for him to go to Dean — to hug him, to calm him down, to soothe him.
When Gabriel stepped into his closet which apparently held enough clothes for a whole theatre cast, Castiel picked up his phone and tapped another message to Dean.
“Some shithead drove into the traffic light post at the crossroads of Main and Woolwich right before I left my parents’ house. They were still trying to make sense of it, and I was stuck in traffic for miles.”
If it'd looked like it would be packed from the outside, it was a mess inside. Halloween-related decorations such as spider webs, pumpkin cutouts, pulp ghosts and fluorescent skeletons were hanging from the roof and some people were dancing and it all seemed a bit too awkward because it was impossible to take more than two steps without bumping into someone. Castiel had never been a dancer. Was Dean a dancer?
”For now, we want to see this through to the end,” Charlie added, ”we both want you to be happy. That's what’s good in soulmates too. They want the same thing.”
“I can’t really say anything at this point,” Mills says. Her radio screeches to life. She presses a button, shuts it down for now.
Dean places his phone on the table and sighs. Well, that didn’t go according to plan. If Sam were here right now, he’d tell Dean to drop it.
”I guess nobody's perfect then”, Castiel hummed and raised his hand to place it on the small of Dean's back, right about where his voice had previously felt. Dean felt he was gasping for air he couldn't have consumed right now anyway.
Castiel does laundry. While he is glad that Eileen has been taking care of that for him, he seems perfectly capable now of sorting out his own socks. As he takes a seat on the floor, he constantly feels like he’s forgetting something. They didn’t decide on a day for his return to work yet, did they? Kevin sent him the calendar app they’re using now, so he needs to check that out soon. Scratch that - he enjoys his state on the bathroom floor, so he’ll just bring his tablet here.
“Uh, I’d rather take it easy at the beginning of the week. I’ve not been drinking today, but I really have things to catch up with at home. Enough for tomorrow, and the day after, I guess.”
She nods, and Castiel feels another surge of gratefulness. He’s happy they’re getting along so well — he’s heard Rowena can be a bit of a diva. In Castiel’s opinion, there’s nothing wrong with knowing what you’re worth if you’ve got a reason to.
All he wants to do is sneak back into bed with Dean, exchange lazy morning kisses that possibly taste all hung-overy and gross, and let the rays of the morning sun catch the smiles on their faces and pretend there’s no world besides their bed. He wants to get up late in the afternoon to watch reruns that happen to be on TV, and order in, and never get up from where they’re sitting on each other’s arms.
Castiel shrugs. They walk to a black car and Dean opens the door for him. First, Castiel thinks it’s chivalry, but it becomes painfully obvious that Dean is actually just trying to protect the car. It’s valuable to him for whatever masculine reason that Castiel doesn’t want to know anything about, to be honest.
As if the universe was feeling Castiel's vibes and they were a little too comfortable right now, a girl in an angel costume appeared next to him. She was beaming at her phone and everything in her, from her flaming red hair to her Lord of the Rings replica ring screamed
“I’ve just realized we’ve never talked about, uh,” he breathes in and out, working himself up to finish the sentence, “things.”
“With this?” Charlie shakes her notebook, looking at him flat-out mockingly. “Doubt that. Where’s Dean?”
“You don’t get to care for me, and hold me, and bring me my meds, and laugh with me, and make me feel like you’re my home, because the more you do those things, the more desperately I fall for you -- and not as a fucking bro, or a pal, or a member of whatever ‘family’,” Castiel says, fully aware that his voice is too loud and everyone within a mile radius could hear his pathetic outburst. “You don’t do all that and then use me as a test run for your date. I will not be ridiculed like that.”
“It's a big deal, though,” Dean continues, “I know. But I wouldn't have suggested it if I wasn't ready to go there.”
Dean’s fingers start drawing lazy circles on his back, and even though the touch is perfectly innocent, Castiel’s head is not. He remembers perfectly well where they left off last night, and right now he needs Dean closer to him; close enough to taste, feel, hear him.
to end their friendship. It'd turned out the silence had been caused by Dean trying to recall all those times he'd thrown the word ”gay” playfully into their conversations and no amount of words could describe how sorry he'd felt. ”
“Are you sure this is not too overwhelming for you? It’s still early, we can make a change of plan,” Castiel says, keeping his voice low because Balthazar’s headed a bit further away and he’s not sure how many people Dean is comfortable sharing this with.
fills his mind with a new certainty, and for a while he wants to stomp on the fucking thing until the glittery present no longer boinks.
Dean did as he promised, he had another glass of red wine and asked Anna where he could bunk. She showed him a room that had a queen sized bed and not much else, but it didn't matter – Dean slid between the sheets and fell asleep immediately. It was a couple of hours later when he woke up to the feeling of falling.
Castiel closes his eyes. He wants to sleep through this part. He always did, but never could. He hears Charlie start pacing around the room.
Instead of laughing awkwardly or trying to convince Dean of the opposite despite not knowing him, the man tilts his head and asks, “Would you like to grab some burgers?”
“Yours too. And since we can hear human souls, we can hear when they’re craving – and what they’re craving. We can sense someone in need, regardless of what they’re needing.”
”Afraid so. If you don't like it, you can look at it as an experience. At least all of your follow-up costumes are an improvement.”
Whenever Castiel Novak sees Dean Winchester, his heart starts beating a little faster. He feels he could keep on staring at him forever – those poetry-inducing green eyes, that curve of his lips, and the freckles that makes Castiel wish he could kiss each one of them.
“What’s up with Winchester?” she whispers. Balthazar immediately catches up and starts playing a drumbeat that drowns out any sound, giving them a short time window of privacy.
Dean is just finishing up in the kitchen; he throws the pan in the sink and gives the bar table a short wipe before his eyes catch Castiel’s where he’s still standing by the bedroom door.
“Yes, I have. He… He knows more than any of you, to be honest. There are things I remember from Bartholomew I’m really not comfortable with.”
“Like you didn't know,” Castiel says, looking around a bit awkwardly. Surely there's customers hiding somewhere that they could distract themselves with?
There’s something pained in Sam’s expression, but he covers it up nicely. “Point taken. I’m sorry. Thanks for the tea,” he says with a hint of a smile that fades fast, “And I’ll be in touch with you regarding the… The party.”
“I was kind of hoping I could send you the paperwork and you’d take care of the taxes. Deadline’s today, and orders need to be put in, but even if we get everything done over here during reasonable hours… It won’t be good work.”
”I would love to drive with you,” he said, his voice a whisper now, ”I would love to drive and not think about the future. I would love to see the sea after the mountains and maybe – and maybe cross the border.”
“Doing alright. We were just going through some details with Jo and Dorothy about the backdrops for the second act.”
November had turned into December, but nothing had changed weather-wise -- it was still gray, dark, watery, cold, and windy enough to break any poor umbrella that dared to question its might. Wearing his trustworthy leather jacket Dean was somewhat safe from getting completely soaked, but it did little to help the ringing in his ears caused by miles of walking in the watery inferno.
Dean clears his throat and rubs the back of his neck, and straightens himself before sitting down on the couch.
Somehow, that transforms into energy on stage. After the first song, they take front and center with Kevin — they’re rusty on their
Why didn’t he realize that Dean could also have two phones? Even he had two phones, and he’s a small entrepreneur.
”Yes,” Castiel let himself consider what parts of their breakup he felt comfortable to share before continuing, ”When we got together, I knew what kind of a person she was. I knew she was more outgoing and extroverted than me and initially, I hoped she’d drag me out so I’d get out of my comfort zone. I tried – and I tried to change, to be better, to be what she deserved, but it didn’t work out. Apparently, I’m… still just me and there’s not a lot I can do with that. In the end, I ended up more tired than before and she ended up frustrated enough for us to break up.”
His hand instinctively finds Dean’s erection and he wraps his fingers around it. Dean’s elbows give in a bit; he’s still on his palms and knees in front of Castiel, but he catches on quickly. He sits on his haunches, takes Castiel’s head in between his hands and kisses him — kisses, kisses, kisses — so rough, so needy, so heated, moaning into his mouth in time with the slow strokes Castiel is giving him. Castiel can feel the shivers running up and down Dean’s arms and face, and oh god, he wants this to never end, he wants to make Dean feel better than anyone has ever before, he needs this as much as Dean does, he needs this celebration of victory.
“About that,” Kevin says, snapping the pen a couple of times, “I’m sorry I haven’t been there for you lately. I should’ve been.”
Three angels were descending the stairs, laughing loudly at a joke that was apparently The Best in All of the Creation Ever and even though they were all wearing elaborate, pearly-white masquerade masks, Castiel could recognize the red hair of the girl he saw in the crowd earlier. She threw her hand around the neck of the guy walking next to him, carefully avoiding hitting his wings. As Castiel saw the fluorescent glow stick, identical to his own, in the guy's head worn as a halo, he felt his blood escape his face – hell, his whole body, completely. He stood there, frozen in time, for too long and only vaguely noticed his hands sliding his own glow stick off his wrist and wrapping it around the thin railing before he could be seen. After this, his legs sort of worked, but walking through the crowd felt like running laps on a swamp. Heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy.
”What?” Castiel all but shouted. The girl giggled but her face was kind. ”Brother, are you serious?”
Dean blinks. “Well, those too. Demons, vampires, werewolves, everything that goes bump in the night. How’d you know?”
“That was, of course, until my Dad found out I was involved with a guy — and he said he wouldn’t make a big deal out of it if I let go then, but  I didn’t.” Dean looks away for a while, gathering his thoughts. “I lied to my dad because it was a fucking breeze, keeping everything a secret -- until he found our emails.”
It’s a beautiful, strengthening thing to notice, and Castiel rewards it with a quirk of his lip --and by finally collecting his courage, setting his tumbler glass aside and climbing on Dean’s lap.
Castiel frowned at the item -- bright red headband with a hard, sequin-wrapped present box sticking out of it on a spring. There’s a mistletoe, too, and some tiny ribbons and pieces of garland shooting in every direction. It was absolutely ridiculous, but Dean’s eyes were twinkling, and Castiel couldn’t have told him no even if he’d wanted to.
“Please, have those. I don’t… I don’t have any use for them, I’ve got plenty. The blue reminds me of-”
“Oh, absolutely,” Castiel mutters. “But it’s not the best choice. If we really can make the choice ourselves, I’d ask if the Japanese Garden happens to have an opening on Saturday. They have a beautiful tea ceremony gazebo and an amazing layout. Of course, it’s incredibly big for a party this small.”
“I wasn’t lured here by it,” Dean admits, “or by the purity, for the matter. I do like the touch, though. It’s ground-level marketing at its best.”
“Me to stay away from the Winchesters, apparently. Although right now, I’m not sure of anything. The first time I met this guy, I was still with Bartholomew.”
Dean could smell the lotion before he even tried to. It was intoxicating, and caused a thought to form that stirred his chest almost uncontrollably. He tried to stop himself from getting further with it, but nope, it was there, and crystal clear – how it would feel like to be smelling this straight from Castiel's skin, preferably with him having nothing on, and-
He makes it to the point where he’s sitting on the table with his coffee mug, until he realizes James has WhatsApp, and also seems to have been online a couple of minutes ago. Nervously, he opens the keyboard.
“Oh, your Swan Lake, Ms. MacLeod, I grew up with it. I watched it from tape enough times to know it by heart,” Castiel says, placing his hand on his chest. “The neighbor kids didn’t want to play it with me.”
“He seems like… A nice guy. A certain type of guy, that’s for sure, but I don’t think he’ll put you through anything you don’t want to do,” Sam says.
Finally, there’s an answer. Castiel squints hard enough for his vision to blur, as if that would help soften the blow of — of whatever it is he fears.
“To collect things again? I mean, sure, if I had the time. Nature is beautiful and has much to offer. You don’t even need to venture far; there are things outside of town that could very well be used for tea, for example.”
There’s no time to explain what exactly he’s feeling right now, so he just shrugs. Meg takes it as a yes, and goes back to her soundboard for a while. When she puts on the next song Castiel immediately recognizes it; they’ve played it before, during a summer gathering on an island where a surprise marriage also took place. It had been the bride-to-be’s special request, and it’d taken them forever to master.
“I didn’t ask. I felt it was not my place. But he told me this before I went home with him, so all the cards were laid out for me before, which, in hindsight, I really respect. It was a noble thing to do.”
“Oh, yeah, Kevin told me you left with that piece of ass,” Meg hums, her eyes focusing somewhere in the distance for a while, “so, you had a panic attack-”
As they step out, Castiel stumbles a little. Since Balthazar is whistling a couple of feet ahead, Dean’s the one who catches him. His hand feels warm on Castiel’s elbow and for a full five seconds, they just stare at each other. Oh, those are some green eyes, Castiel notes dumbly, as if he hadn’t done that before, and then he straightens up and wipes imaginary dust off his pants.
“Currently it's split in four, because all of the apartments have a reasonable amount of space around the corners of the house,” the man says, still obviously analyzing him, “but you also share a little of the benefits. There's no point in having separate barbecue spots, gazebos, or playgrounds. So those are things you would be sharing.”
It had been meticulous, calculated, brutal and haunting all at the same time, and after the Christmas Play, walking home alone on the lonely streets, his schoolmates still in their angel outfits had indeed come for him.
Truth is, he already knows he needs a damn miracle to get through this. It's been so long he’s forgotten basic aspects of his everyday life, and he doesn’t know how to make a return – nor if he wants to in the first place. He does recognize that parts of himself are still in complete denial, and that's, what, the first stage in the process of grief? Shouldn’t he be further along already? Sure, there’s been anger fiery enough to be considered rage, and there’s been bargaining; phone calls in the middle of the night, first to Him, then to friends, and finally a prayer to a God he left a long time ago. Every time, though, it ends up right back at the all-consuming, all-devouring grief that makes it impossible to even begin to process his loss.
No, what he really should do is to call his therapist, arrange a new appointment and deal with his head before meeting or planning a relationship with anyone.
“I’m so embarrassed,” Castiel huffs. “Just… Do you have those days when you don’t want to leave home?”
Things have been progressing fast. It seems like only yesterday when December happened, and now, against all odds, Castiel has pushed through the worst and is actually, legitimately, going out again. He’s constantly afraid of the relapse that’s bound to happen sooner or later, but he knows he should only worry about it when it’s time. He might as well enjoy what he’s able to accomplish until that moment comes.
Castiel slowly makes his way back towards the gazebo. His raincoat frustrates him — he didn’t think to take it off while at the van, and he’s getting hot under it. His boots, on the other hand, he still very much likes. The garden is muddy at some points, and dress shoes wouldn’t exactly help here.
Castiel automatically looked up to the open-concept second floor that held some classrooms, but now it was dark up there – the dance floor and buffet and tables were down here, but for all other purposes such as
Completely neglecting to tell Castiel what he needs to know, Dean frowns. “Who exactly asks you to find out this stuff? Capital G?”
Dean wraps his hands around Castiel’s waist and pulls them flush against each other, blurring the lines of their bodies, slotting their lips back together. With a gentle touch of his tongue on Castiel’s, Dean invites him to investigate further into his mouth, to which Castiel happily obliges. Dean’s palms are still pressed against Castiel’s back, stroking him first gently but then stronger, more feverish, more urgent. As Castiel leaves for another exploration across those beautiful cheeks and jawbones, Dean talks.
Frankly, it sounds like the kind of nonsense Castiel couldn’t agree with. He has always wanted to please people, to be considered good enough, and he’s always been ready to make sacrifices.
“It’s complete shit,” he proceeds, “I wouldn’t waste time if I were you. If you want my recommendations, I’ll gladly give them to you.”
There’s shuffling, and a clicking sound of a phone being opened. She’s probably googling what a Subnautica pod looks like right now.
Dean sighs. For a moment, his face looks like a man’s that’s seen a lot. He looks weary, like he’s carrying the troubles of too many.
Then footsteps approach him, and when Castiel closes his locker door the most beautiful eyes in the world are staring right at him.
Using the information he got from Sam, he arrives on the top floor and knocks on the door on the left. It takes a while for Dean to come to the door, but when he does, he looks like he’s been waiting impatiently anyway.
Dean felt his legs pull him backwards as the tram doors opened in front of him. No, it couldn't be like this. It could not – there was something he ought to do about this. If there was something this past year did teach him, he realized, it was that no more years would go to waste. It might have been Castiel who actually taught him that, and although they'd likely not meet again, he would always be in gratitude for that. He ended up being the first push back towards life.
First, it feels awesome. He’s lying next to Dean Winchester, post having actual sex with him, and he feels so cared for, and safe, and loved, and sated. He watches Dean sleeping next to him and thinks about how mesmerizing it is simply to watch him inhale and exhale calmly, as  his long eyelashes cast deep shadows in the dim light. Somehow he can’t wait to wake up next to him. Maybe they’ll both feel a bit embarrassed but drink coffee anyway, and talk about work or the party or anything, and maybe have a lunch before Castiel heads home.
There was interest in Castiel's eyes – he was waiting for Dean to take the bait for a leap. If they would remain hide-and-seek party friends, or... Or get in the shower together. Well, two could play that game.
“Well, from now on,” Dean says as he swallows the rest of his drink and turns towards Castiel to take both of his hands into his own, “you’re going to try to hear things exactly as I tell them to you.”
“That’s the spirit. Now, ask me a hundred times more, hell, ask all of us, and eventually you’re good to go.”
Castiel shuddered again and started to fiddle with the grass below him. How much longer until Gabriel wanted to leave? Should he walk home?
As Dean made his way with only the scent of a pie, he thought of Anna's reaction. Sure, if he hadn't seen his brother Sam in a year because of some douche, he'd be mad too. So it was really Castiel's reaction he should be worried about. What'd happened there? It was not like they'd become too close. Not like they'd spent days in each other's company, got acquainted with each other's mind and soul and body-
“I would love to go on a date with you,” he whispers. Dean smiles at him and gently brushes his lips on his forehead.
Dean’s eyes gleam with something unsaid between them, but he leans forward to place a gentle kiss on Castiel’s jaw.
“If you think I judge you based on your performance this year, you’re a fool,” Rowena says, patting him gently on the cheek. “I cried watching your
, like Castiel, who’s kind and compassionate and caring and Dean’s getting way too sappy way too fast.
“Of course. I woke up four months ago. I shouldn’t just expect anything. It must’ve hurt like shit when I didn’t remember.”
”I haven’t slept in a week, because I keep on getting anxiety attacks. I am so tired. I can’t do this anymore.”
“Eyes on the road,” Castiel says, and stutters out a breath. No point in denying it now. “Eileen noticed my ring. It’s working again.”
Castiel’s certain even his previous boyfriend didn’t make him feel this loved. He feels adamant about returning the favor, and that’s how they miss the first half of the first movie — by exchanging slow, languid kisses with Castiel lying on top of Dean. With the edge of urgency off, it’s that much more pleasurable to just kiss and enjoy the slow morning turning into an even slower day.
For now, the man is performing for an invisible audience, his back mostly towards Castiel and lights shining around his strong limbs whenever they reach out. It’s truly a beautiful sight. Castiel can’t decide whether he should just enjoy the view of a talented dancer for as long as he possibly can, dealing with the consequences later, or walk out loudly enough for the man to notice.
“And they work both ways?” Dean asks, still looking around the ceiling in hopes of catching a glimpse of something otherworldly.
Going through his memories for the first time was exhausting, but Castiel made it out alive. He can’t believe he’d forgotten such important pieces of his personal history, but he’s also feeling the forgiveness starting to make its way in.
“Man! That’s private!” Dean says, slapping Charlie on the knee. After a beat, he continues with much less determination. “Besides, I couldn’t talk. I’m shitty at words. I’d make it a joke before I can even get close to what I feel.”
It also wasn’t the reason Castiel agreed to meet Sam at the gym the next day. After he finished work last night he was tired enough to sleep well into the following day, and he woke up with a weight on his chest. He couldn’t breathe it out, nor talk himself out of it, and he was rationally aware that some struggle was likely to happen — it was only his first day back at work after such a long time, and to not need space afterwards would be a miracle. He wasn’t anxious, not really; more depressed and disappointed. As he checked his email for the fifth time that day with no answer from James, he knew it was time to do something, or at least try.
“Oh, yes, work’s fine. I like it, and I’m proud of what I’ve built. It’s the inability to think about things. I’ve yet to learn to… Think about things. I’ve always wanted to take care of people, and sometimes that means putting your own needs second.”
Castiel inhales through his nose and exhales through his mouth, half on instinct to protect his sanity, and half to enjoy the scents that fill the air. He starts towards the roses, gently sliding his fingertip over one of the petals of a white flower, and leans closer to inhale again. He definitely needs some roses on his balcony, and maybe some to accompany him while he’s sitting on the bar table.
“We’ve never met,” Castiel admits. Sam huffs out an incredulous laugh, but before he can say more, Charlie puts a finger on her lips, shushing him.
The kind girl had let Castiel off the hook now, returning to chat with people who actually responded. Frowning, Castiel checked his phone again – was there something he had to answer? Dean had already sent another message, though.
“What are you going to do?” Castiel asks. “This is going to be a hit to the publicity of the company, no matter which way you look at it.”
Their touches turn to needy now, again — they’re gripping each other more fervently, more roughly now, their lips and tongues are doing far more than exploring: they’re claiming. Dean pushes Castiel back against the mattress, takes both of his hands on his own and starts truly moving; he’s riding Castiel to oblivion, and it’s just too much, and Castiel’s moans come out as almost-sobs. He’s thinks he says something at one point, something he’d probably be too embarrassed to say in daylight.
“You’re a good person, a giving, kind, and patient person. You’re brave – you wanted to kiss me and you did, choosing your desire over your fear. I think these kinds of things are all you need to know about yourself. So what if you can’t find a label that suits you? You’re good either way.”
He decides to try breathing exercises again but fails. Before his frustration can become persistent, it’s time for his weekly therapist appointment on Skype.
“It’s just soulless, you know? These people care about money, and sure, I’m the same as them — but it’s not like these people are important to me, or family, or anything. When I was younger, I always spent the 4th of July with family, and it was a celebration of being together. Now, there’s the same faces year after year after year, but all they care about is whether this is the year you’ll sink instead of swim, and they’ll jump ships immediately when you do.”
There was a situation in which Castiel and Bartholomew were watching TV on a regular Friday night. A show about entrepreneurs was on; for the life of him, Castiel couldn’t remember what it was called, but it wasn’t the one with Dragons.
”Yes, Dean. Like I wouldn’t count. Not that I help out people to be thanked for it. But I don’t want to be denied my existence, either.”
Castiel, who was currently trying to catch an ice cube from his drink, lifted his eyes to meet the man's. He made an expression Castiel could not read – a mix between a frown and… admiration?
He tries to form the words for a while before answering. “Well, of course, it makes me extremely glad to have James back. Not that we’ve ventured beyond any lines of friendship, except for casual flirting… But I’m really glad to have him as a friend. Then, there’s this man who’s basically a stranger to me and it feels like everything about him is inviting me closer. His looks, his gestures, his personality — the little I do know about him…”
If there’s bitterness to Dean’s voice, Castiel knows he needs to pretend not to hear it. He mirrors Dean’s leg adjustment and sighs.
Castiel does as he’s told and shamelessly takes one of the whiskey glasses placed on the side table. He stares at the flames, briefly wondering where the glass aquarium opens. He thinks about Dean lighting it up while waiting for Castiel to exit the shower, and feels warmth radiating in his chest.
it’s the thought of letting yourself get confined and putting your life in the hands of a pilot that could be out of his mind.
He stops talking when their eyes meet – Castiel tries to keep his voice calm even though he’s agitated again. “You were following me?”
He walks among the tall grass and lets his hands caress twigs and ferns here and there. He faintly hears Dean following somewhere behind him, but doesn’t bother looking back. Somehow, an image of James fills his mind, and how nice it would be here with him, with the man he once loved, and could love again, if either of them ever were brave enough.
The ball rolled around the tub, spreading a surprising blue-green color while spinning on its axis, and finally dissolved in the water. What was left were a pale turquoise color and golden glitter mist that swirled below the surface like fog on a cold morning.
“This is probably a portal with links,” Castiel says, still completely focused on the portal. “Some portals have multiple correspondents in Heaven. It’s handy, because there’s less portals on Earth… But also inconvenient since you never know which portal you end up in up there.”
Dean shrugs, but he knows he needs to say more in order to convince Castiel into hanging out with him again. “I feel warm. I was so lonely, and I remember not being lonely anymore. I remember places, and laughing. We had a good time, right? If you’re feeling anything close to what I am beginning to right now, it must’ve hurt to suddenly see me not remembering.”
Dean bit his lower lip to keep himself from spinning towards another laughing fit, and he watched as Castiel put the damn thing on top of his head. He inhaled as if to say something, and then turned towards the lady.
“That might sound like we’re asking, but we’re really, truly not,” Charlie continues. She turns to face Sam with a smile anyway, and they hug briefly. Then, Sam turns to Castiel in anticipation, but Castiel doesn’t feel like hugging anyone. Sam coughs and nods.
Charlie, obviously, has no answers for him. Feeling both grateful that James had come after all and angry at him for bailing, Castiel turns his back to her and tries to fall asleep.
He leaves his phone to go digging in the closet. Until now, it’s been mostly college sweatshirts and whatever pants he could find lying around — but if he’s serious about going to get flowers, practically with James, it definitely requires something special. It’s not a date, he’s not going to make that mistake ever again, but still… Feeling alright about his exterior for the first time in forever might make him feel good about himself, and feeling good about himself might make him feel more
Castiel tilted his head, but continued. “And that's been going on as long as I can remember. Some years, I'd try to call up my friends and throw a shadow party. I only succeeded once, but it was a beautiful thing.”
Castiel shrugs. “Go right on ahead, then. Trust me, though — I’ve heard it before. It’s nothing new.”
As May turns to June, Castiel swears days pass in a blink of an eye. He doesn’t participate in the graduation parties, promising to take care of the store in the meantime. Tea Party has started to become a safe place for him again; he can deal with strangers, as long as they’re behaving nicely, and he’s the one who knows more of the product. Every now and then, some people roll in and pretend to know more about tea leaf shapes or essential oils, and Castiel has to gently guide these people to either experiment beyond their knowledge, or head elsewhere.
He feels nervous about Sam. Even after their talk yesterday, with both of them opening up a bit more than they initially meant to, they’d meet as potential business partners today. He’s also nervous about meeting Dean again. Would he still feel as baffled by him when they’re both sober? It could be that Dean was staring at him because he’d been too intoxicated to focus his eyes properly.
“This should go super well with coffee, I hear,” she says, taking one more item from her bag — glazed white and milk chocolate swirls on top of what seem like cinnamon buns, in a brown paper bag. Local bakery? “Should we have overly sweet breakfast on the balcony?”
“Now, this tank is filled with water and what’s called Epsom salt. The salt content is high enough for you to be able to float freely with no fear of drowning.”
Dean had always been so carefree on the outside. He’d been chill, and enthusiastic, and a bright person – but coupled with a fierce protectiveness over what’s dear to him had Castiel weak at the knees. He felt it tug his heart towards Dean when Sam came to them crying and Dean immediately left to speak to the authorities of Sam’s school about bullying; he felt it when Dean flipped off a bunch of dudes for catcalling Charlie; he felt it when they found a stray cat and needed to feed her until she found a new home.
With every word that exits Dean’s mouth, Castiel feels himself sink a little deeper into a shame-filled blush. Alright, as he’d already thought, this has been coming for a while now — but for Dean to be both so observant and so blunt about it… It’s refreshingly exhilarating.
Then again — when Castiel returned his gaze up into his boyfriend’s face, he was composed, calm, perfectly in control of himself.
“You look good in my shirt,” he says, eating the rest of the pancake himself. “If I had my way you’d be here every Sunday, in my shirt, just like this.”
The door to the balcony is open, and the thought of fresh air almost calms him down. But what helps even more is that as soon as he stomps across the apartment, Dean comes to the doorway, watching him carefully.
“Oh,” Castiel says, taking the book from his boyfriend, “I think I’ll manage. I am capable of making my own decision about how good it is.”
Castiel doesn’t send James a message at 4pm, although he briefly thinks he should. He doesn’t want to come off as too desperate for his attention.
“I believe in you,” Castiel hears himself saying, and when Dean looks up at him, an unfamiliar electricity runs between them. Castiel shivers and looks away.
He’s never been the type to storm out. Some logical part of him thinks this is due to the fact that the floodgate in his mind is opening; after suppressing his emotions for so long, they’re coming back all at once. He needs to learn how to control them at some point, but until then, torrential rain is punishment enough for his foolishness.
“I did! Luckily, James didn’t hold me accountable for the phone call I made. He shrugged it off. Damn, they’d both been working their way into my heart simultaneously, and I thought I could just skip the phase of deciding.”
Dean exhales sharply, lowering his gaze. Castiel can pinpoint the second he notices the hairband on the ground. He cringes. Castiel forces himself to move, walk past Dean and back to the fireplace, and he throws logs in knowing full well he should let them thaw first.
He throws the next grapple in almost angrily. He doesn’t want to group his acquaintances over the years into an either/or spectrum, because that wouldn’t be fair to any of them.
The pizza arrives seconds after, so they decide to continue later. All in all, it's a successful, albeit tiring, night.
Of course, that was an exaggeration. He couldn't know if Castiel wasn't a murderer, waiting to strangle him while he relaxed under the massage bar. He couldn't know if Castiel had a kink of rendering men helpless under his hands, and he'd be thrown out into the snow in a bathrobe.
“Rather clever than rude,” Castiel replies, lifting an eyebrow. He watches the man get on his feet and dust himself off before looking around the clearing.
Meg looks at Castiel for a moment, biting her lip. “Well, I don’t know if I should tell you that while we’re working.”
“I won’t,” Castiel says, smiling. “As long as you let me stalk you swimmers in the shadows, I’m fine.”
“Alright, alright, not gonna pry anything out of you. I don't care that much,” she says with a smirk, “now get over here and check the books. Balthazar and Kevin have been taking good care of them.”
Letting himself smile at the roots of this elaborate joke, Castiel stared out the window for a while. When he'd come out to Dean, his hands had been shaking and the followed silence had made him sure this would be the end of it – or it at least would set a completely different mood for their whole relationship with him being a clingy desperate loverboy and Dean being the creeped out Straight(TM) male, too
So he does exactly that. After they ascend the narrow stairs to the second floor, Castiel places his hand on the small of Dean's back and pulls him closer. For a moment, Dean looks at him as if he's wondering whether to kiss Castiel for good measure or not. Then, he coughs and looks away instead.
”Well, obviously I’m doing something wrong, here,” Amanda sighs, crossing her arms. ”Apparently, it has to do with inspiring my employees to achieve their best. I hired you because you’re intelligent, Castiel, and I must say I didn’t expect this to happen.”
“Well, we know his identity so if you want, I can tell you. There’s an upcoming investigation of his other crimes, so that I’m unfortunately not allowed to tell you yet.”
“Great. Uh, Sam has this number already, but here’s the store number,” Castiel says then, picks up a pencil and a napkin to scribble it  on. Dean scribbles his own on another one and hands it over.
They eat breakfast on the balcony, and this time Charlie remembers to feed him sunny fruits as well as another baked goodie that she probably picked up during her morning walk. Castiel’s feeling tired and groggy, since his head didn’t hit the pillow until four am last night. He’s still grateful for his friends wanting to help, but now he can’t get the image of meeting James out of his head and that makes him frustrated and twitchy.
“Are we good? Should we get up?” Castiel asked, eventually. Dean wasn't sure if he'd dozed off again.
“No, absolutely not. Nuh-uh. There might be a couple of reminders of Dad in the party, but then again, he’s bound to come up anyway. We did inherit the company from him, after all. Ain’t no way people don’t want to talk about that.”
Dean frowned and turned to face Castiel. Teal lights played on his cheekbones on a way that was only a bit breathtaking and Dean had to shake his head again. Keep it clear, now.
They exchanged numbers at the end of the night, and that was Castiel’s idea. He said he wanted to show Dean a library he likes – that he’s been looking for a human friend to take there. Instead of feeling used because of his humanity, Dean’s pleased to know nothing is expected of him – he’s way too rusty to get into the dating scene, and even if he wasn’t… He’s not entirely sure that’s what he needs or wants right now.
“You… Had called. Sam got a hold of me in the store phone and wanted me to call you when I get home.”
They melt into another kiss, and every single nerve ending in Dean’s body feels like it’s on fire. It’s almost uncomfortably strong, what he’s feeling right now, and he pulls Castiel tighter against himself — he never wants to let him go again.
They eventually agree on next Sunday. It’s a bit over a week until then, and the party would take place the Saturday after their practice. Castiel is swiftly put on the bench for everything but the singing and tambourine part, because that’s his niche, and he gladly lets his people take care of the venue, catering, and security services.
A memory from somewhere far away surfaces — of Castiel’s childhood friend who was always willing to hang out with him, because he always said yes to whatever shenanigans they were up to. It got Castiel in trouble at times, but he was so happy to belong somewhere.
“Hey, there, okay,” Dean says, worry knitting his brows together, “I’m gonna have to stop you there. I’ll listen as long as you want to keep on talking, but when it comes to self-deprecating remarks and comparing yourself to hypothetical people you don’t even know, I’m stopping you. Sound okay?”
Castiel reaches out to him to guide him where he wants; and soon enough, he’s straddled on top of him, and Castiel’s hand are roaming on the warm skin of his thighs. Dean is so incredibly gorgeous, and his eyes flutter shut the instant he’s touched, and his breathy moans are divine enough to make Castiel’s soul sing. He runs his fingertips on Dean’s sides and his chest, enjoying the feel of that gorgeous, freckled skin on his hands. He hazily considers himself blessed to have another chance at this, and then lifts his upper body from the bed to wrap his arms around Dean.
“Castiel, have you thought about songs? What have you been practicing?” Balthazar asks, taking a firm stance next to the drumset he’s finished setting up. He’s scrutinizing Castiel, knowing full well he hasn’t practiced anything in particular, and waiting for him to confess before he can make accusations.
”I’m done with silences and saying things are alright or whatever, okay? I thought we were over that already.”
There’s hands on both of Castiel’s shoulders then, and he gets on his shaky legs partly using Dean for support. He keeps his eyes closed, as Dean instructs him to, and lets himself be guided through hallways. They take a couple of turns, just enough to make Castiel feel lost, before ending up in what sounds like a larger room.
“Now,” he said, and his voice was definitely a tone darker, and quieter, “the shower gel gives instructions that if you really don't know how to use it, you can ask someone you like to show you how to. Because I am such a good person, I wrote my number on the label of your lotion. Just in case you need a more thorough presentation of these products.”
No matter what kind of thoughts he had before entering the theater, they’re all through the door as soon as the show starts.
Dean beamed at him and with one more apology, left. They had already been standing next to the carousel, so Castiel turned his attention to it; people of all ages were enjoying the crisp weather, the smallest children were screaming at the surprise turns of the teacup ride. Castiel let the mood of the people around him catch him, and even though he was spending tonight alone, he’d at least see his sister tomorrow.
“That’s-“ Dean sighs heavily. His head is spinning with thoughts he barely recognizes as his own; he can’t remember when he last wanted to kiss someone this bad. He knows why his soul is singing – he
“That must have been it,” Dean admits, “Anyway, I'm Dean Winchester and this is my fiance, Castiel.”
”Oh I bet you are. Do any of these people seem right to you?” Charlie asked from the windowsill of their hotel room.
Like Castiel predicted, it’s rush hour at one of the most popular Starbucks cafes in Boston. He manages to get a table for them by a window after some waiting, but Charlie is just in time for her soy chai.
His voice never faltered, or sounded rude, but Dean got the hint of rejection. It felt almost crushing, which was silly, since he'd only used the flirting to get through an awkward situation.
“Well, I’m taking the Red Line from here,” Castiel ventures, gesturing towards the station. “You’re welcome to tag along.”
“Yeah. I’m kind of waiting for someone to make a move on me, but apparently it’s not going to happen.”
“Okay,” Dean says, “check-in. That felt weird and amazing. Kind of want to do it again. Where are you at?”
“Uh, yes,” he says and is trying to make his way out of the conversation as soon as possible. Then he realizes he needs to sound interested in the place – let it be damned if Dean lost the apartment because Castiel is a general failure in everything he does. “Would we be splitting the gardening duty with the other people living here?”
If Castiel had thought the dress would be bad, it was worse. As soon as it's on him, he's filled with images of his middle school locker room after the school dance, him being blocked from all directions by guys twice as big as him, chanting
“You’re drifting,” Dean whispers, and kisses Castiel’s forehead to smooth out the frown formed there. Castiel shakes his head and leans it on Dean’s shoulder. He’s thinking of the previous time here, and how Dean caught him lost in his thoughts back then, too — he’s really no good.
Dean rolled his thumb across his lower lip in concentration. If Castiel got lost into the gesture for a while, he shook himself free immediately.
“Ah, that’s too bad,” Sam says, and obviously bites his tongue before continuing. His yoga and professional selves are about to blend, so he decides to say nothing instead.
problem. Still, Dean is the first and only person Castiel can think of right now. There’s still that card somewhere in his wallet and although he has to get back into the wreck of the car to retrieve it, there’s not much else he can do.
“I didn’t want to lose you,” he answers. “I didn’t want to ruin what we already had by confessing how I felt. I wanted us to stay close, and I was too afraid to take the leap.”
“This much I can tell you, because it will probably be on the local news soon enough. The wings I used during my performance on the 4th of July were found mutilated and covered in- in something foul,” Castiel shivers at the memory of the smell that was close to a combination of spoiled blood and fertilizers. “They were hanging in front of my store on a noose.”
“Who died and made you boss?” Meg asks. She’s done setting up her DJ equipment, hoping to spin some records in between live performances. It’s likely to happen, since they’re supposed to make a full evening of sound. Castiel hopes to be able to borrow her looper at some point today. There’s stuff he wants to try out with it, and hopefully also bring to the performance. He hops off the table, and ignores messages buzzing on his pocketed phone for now.
James was, in many senses, Castiel's first. He was his first internet acquaintance, his first MMORPG ally, his first friend, and his first love. They had a profound digital bond despite their real world distance, although they never shared personal data or pictures of themselves. Castiel could remember the many nights they spent together on the phone, just chatting over nonsense and falling into comfortable silences in which they might, or might not have, listened to each other breathe until they fell asleep. Castiel was a teenager back then, and his mother always tried to find out what exactly he was doing with a stranger who could've been a fifty-year-old pervert. The fact that they were currently both going through puberty and having their voices change did nothing to prove her wrong.
Castiel turns around, meeting Dean's gaze. He wants to tell Dean it's more than a fake kiss for him, and he wants to do that before they kiss – but he can't explain it now, because there's no time for elaborate conversations. He'd tell him as soon as they were out of this apartment, then. If Dean would end up feeling used, Castiel would try to make it right in every way he could. He'd, again, rather die than hurt Dean on purpose. God, he has it bad. It's the second time tonight he thinks about dying for Dean.
“We didn’t talk about whether you’re an exclusive top,” he says with a wry smile, “because if I had my way right now, I’d fuck you until you see stars.”
Sam chooses his words carefully to avoid raising suspicions of their loyalty towards the people they work with.
”I had you pegged for a good guy, and I thought you'd come around sooner or later, so I promised him I'd ask for your number.”
He sees Dean’s eyes in the dim digital screen lights of kitchen appliances. Damn, he’s beautiful, and possibly at the end of his strength here, yet still asking for verbal consent like their flirting hasn’t been taking them here all night.
Castiel hummed in agreement and fell silent. Trees were still a prominent feature of the landscape, so it would take a while longer to actually get into the serpentine roads. They could get something to eat from a store and enjoy a meal outdoors at a pit stop of sorts before continuing; in some of Castiel’s wildest dreams, they would eventually end up where the border met the sea.
“It just means a little more than I thought it would,” Dean says with a shrug. “Charlie, do you want to go out with me?”
Castiel notices himself scooting closer on instinct; the feeling burning in the back of his mind is quickly turning from anger to something completely different – a desire to hold, to have, to keep.
There’s one more phone call to be made today. Castiel doesn’t really want to do it, but he also knows he has no choice. He promised Sam, and he couldn’t live with himself if he was the one who bailed; he’d see this through even at the expense of being ridiculed.
There’s a lot Dean wanted to ask now that he actually got to spend some time with an angel, but asking about angel technicalities would’ve probably ruined the mood. Castiel seemed in need of distraction himself, although Dean never found out what he was running away from. If he had to guess, he’d say it’s that Castiel doesn’t want to spend his time getting hit on in a bar, or he doesn’t like one-night-stands. Probably not that, though. He could’ve stayed home, if that was the case.
Castiel huffs. “If you’re referring to God, he’s forsaken us ages ago. As much as I’d like to have a conversation with him, he’s nowhere to be found. No, I work for an angel in a higher position than I. We just want to keep the portals hidden.”
Castiel opens his mouth to ask about the change in Dean’s tone, but something stops him. He knows there won’t be an answer, but for some reason he wants to dig Dean out of his sadness pile. Ideally, he would like to make Dean smile, at least once.
“I have dreamed of you for so long, and I can wait longer if you need me to, but I’m also pouring my heart out just in case you’d want to make a life with me. A life, and a home. I don’t care if your apartment is small, and I don’t even feel like I’m giving up anything of myself. I feel like I’m coming home.”
“This has honey,” Castiel hummed, “and cocoa butter, and cocoa powder. And it's gonna melt on your skin if we don't get this going.”
Dean opens his mouth only to close it again. His eyes light up as a smile crosses his features, and for a moment, he ducks his head. Castiel tilts his own, wondering.
“It would kind of make sense,” Kevin says from behind the counter, the pen now casually in his mouth. He takes it off to point it towards whoever he’s talking to. “Since  you’re afraid of leaving all the threads to us and want to get to know Castiel better; and Castiel, you could use a helping hand… Or mouth.”
Luckily, some July specials are in for the season, and since Castiel already is here he might as well unload them so Kevin doesn’t have to do that on Monday. He unpacks loose tea, and tea packs, and containers for tea, and glass jars, and makes three different Daily Blends, and still feels restless enough to clean up. He meticulously ignores his phones; the personal one because he doesn’t want to hear how well things went for James, and the work one because he doesn’t want to get the final message from Dean — the one where he inexplicably tells him they can’t see each other again.
Castiel was out of the dress in two seconds or less and thrown into his jeans and t-shirt that wasn't his and it was too big but so, so comfortable. After that, he thought it best to step outside for a second.
“Now, come here,” he continues, stepping in front of Castiel and gently sliding his hands on his forearms before locking fingers around his wrists. Castiel is being pulled forward, and the acoustics change; there’s rustles and shuffles around them, like they’re in a really narrow closet space. Dean lets go to drop their bags on the floor, and more shuffling ensues before he speaks again.
Dean is hurt, it’s plain on his face, but he’s the bigger man right now and slides closer again. “Cas. Did you mean what you said in that message?”
The kid crossed their arms and looked at Dean in a defiant stare that probably broke their guardian's will every time. Dean couldn't help but roll his eyes and try again.
They travel silently for a couple more stops before jumping off at Cedar Grove station. When they emerge from the darkness of underground facilities and into the light of the day, Dean looks around suspiciously. For a fleeting moment Castiel wonders whether he’s a wanted criminal.  He finds it disturbing how little he cares.
A woman is sitting in the front row of the audience. For a second, it looks like someone else is just behind her — but when Castiel folds himself into a seated position, he’s alone with who can be none other than Rowena McLeod. Castiel takes off his wireless headphones and places them on his phone, neglected on the side of the stage.
Had he known this was the outcome, he’d never have confessed his feelings. Sure, they happened to be yanked out of him before he considered himself ready, but he would’ve taken a not-enough friendship any day if the alternative was this. He’s tired of feeling cold, unwanted, and tired.
“Another thing,” Dean says hastily as Castiel makes his way across the counter to take the necessary folders in his hands. “As another ‘love you in case we die’.”
If only it was that simple. Instead, seeing color from birth came with a horrible price nobody should have to pay. And now that doctors had confirmed Dean's status, Mary had no other choice but to sit down next to her son on the breakfast table, stroke his hair gently and clear her throat before finally starting a conversation with her 6-year-old. It was a conversation no mother should ever have to have with her child.
“Well, I do more than make sales,” Castiel sighed, almost frustrated now, “and I myself celebrate Saturnalia, so it would make sense for me to ask.”
“Okay. Let me explain. You’re amazing. You’re heartbreaking, you’re controversial, you’re an uncommon sight. We want that at our party,” Sam says.
It was not like Dean hadn't thought that Castiel would be interested in him already. Still, hearing this made the ground shake and it wasn't half as much as Dean would have said himself. It felt as if he was drunk and it might be too late to turn back now. He reached for Castiel's hand and intertwined their fingers.
Dean inhales sharply, as if to counter the statement in an offended manner, but then lets the air out in a quiet, long exhale. Castiel wonders briefly about the meaning of this, but lets it pass. None of his business.
They'd decided to meet up with some friends from yesterday, get some coffee and more pizza and even though Castiel couldn't eat a bite, he enjoyed the atmosphere of an authentic pizza restaurant and a spacious round table. He absend-mindedly shared his experiences through the phone, but Dean was ominously quiet. Castiel tried to tell himself it was fine – he was just busy preparing himself, possibly throwing a little party with his friends before leaving for the college that hosted the masquerade this year. His silence had nothing to do with having second thoughts and neither did it mean he didn't enjoy their First Ever Phone Call yesterday… Right?
The almost-not-there alteration in Castiel's tone was all the confirmation Dean needed. Alright, time to take that leap.
Castiel notices how the ring starts pulsating painfully fast. The situation is so weird, awkward, sudden, and out-of-place it’s overwhelming.
Castiel could actually feel himself blush and it was something he wasn't used to. With a short thought of
Castiel's voice was somewhat innocent, but the suggestion wasn't. Dean coughed awkwardly to hinder the excitement growing in his chest. What was he so excited about, though? No, even more to the point; how long had he been this excited about possibly getting closer to Castiel?
It’s Dean Winchester in jeans and a t-shirt, with a sleeveless hoodie carelessly thrown on to top off the ensemble. He’s still carrying a briefcase, which is nothing short of endearing.When his eyes meet Castiel’s, he breaks into a smile that crosses his sun-kissed features in an otherworldly way.
“Hello, Dean,” he whispers, and when the man doesn’t flinch, he continues. “I am so blessed to have you here. I can’t believe you’re here, and you want to be here, and we’ve finally got this right.”
“Nope. Get this. It’s the last day of Giselle. You’re going to have to get there and see it for yourself.”
“No,” Dean says, smiling. He clenches his fingers gently, examining them to give himself a second to think. “But I’ll get to that. I want to tell you how sorry I am for not realizing you were in danger from these people.”
Castiel kind of wished Dean were standing right now, so he could shove him a bit. Then again, he’s never been the pushy-shovey kind, so maybe it’s for the best they’re not at the same level.
“This isn’t,” Dean starts, and lowers his voice then, “this isn’t the time or the place to have this conversation.”
It takes a while for Castiel to return to this moment, and longer still to realize what brought him back to it in the first place.
The next day passes pretty much the same. This time, the one tagged ‘vacation!’ is the last one; a beautiful, delicate, small swan in light blue.
Until now, that is. Sure, Rowena made it known very early on that she couldn’t pay him a lot until they saw how well they’d do. It doesn’t worry Castiel too much — he has a decent amount of savings in a separate bank account in case push comes to shove. He just wants to finally fulfill a lifelong dream, and if his name can help bring the theater and its dancers to the surface, he’s happy to help.
Castiel nods and heads towards the bartender again. Now, if he can just keep clear from business-related drama, he’ll be fine.
“Alright, although we’d love to have come here for a Jane the Virgin marathon, I believe you’ve already watched at least a season today,” Balthazar proceeds. “Charlie found us in the store and Sam came looking for you today, and somehow you’ve got all of us now, so let’s have a seat on the floor and do a sharing circle.”
So after a while, Castiel goes to meet the bartender. Ruby, as he recalls, is wearing a smirk that implies she’s well aware of the effect of her products. The people she works with mostly clean the glasses and bottles behind the bar, but for the time being, she herself is sitting on top of it.
Dean is sitting under the coat racks again, pretending to read but his eyes aren’t moving. Castiel crouches next to him, but his feet instantly hurt and he kneels instead. Adrenaline is pumping through his body, rendering it shaky and jumpy.
”Were the instructions not clear enough?” she asks, crouching next to him but keeping her neck straight to retain the physical upper hand here. ”I’m sorry, I should’ve probably consulted one more person before handing them over to all of you.”
Castiel's heart thumped hard once, twice and then picked up the pace into a rhythm not entirely human. It was not the first time Dean used a word like this, but it was generally reserved for situations where he was a bit out of it – drunk, tired or tongue-on-cheek, for example. Now, for all Castiel knew, Dean was stone cold sober and it made the word mean a lot more.
Castiel knew what Bartholomew was talking about. It had never been mentioned before, but an idle touch here and a condemning gaze there made it perfectly clear what he thought about the ring still on Castiel’s finger. It bothered him terribly that Castiel held a piece of his past this close to him, and that someone he used to be romantically involved with a long time ago still held significance for him.
He’s tired and he wants to hide in his cave. He wants to wait for the next seasons of Jane to come out on Netflix, then gather dust and grow old as he watches them over and over.
“Yes,” Castiel says, “and they found nothing. When I was younger, I performed really well. I guess that’s why… I never learned to read the documents and books that were mandatory. It was enough to listen in class. It’s excruciating to have that sense of self, one that you’ve built since you were a child, destroyed. I know it’s foolish, because I know what it sounds like, and a lot of people have it worse, and I’m just-“
“Great. Uh, and,” Castiel hesitates before continuing, “make sure Dean Winchester gets to taste our tea blend tonight.”
“Before you proceed, Mr. Winchester: if you think nobody’s going to be judged at work after tonight, you’re living in a utopia. I, for one, am totally judging people here.”
“Yes,” Castiel says, staring at the front of the class, unable to look at Charlie right now. There’s a lump making its way up his throat – his body knows already what his brain is still denying him.
”Of course this is. Like I stated, I take pride in what I do. How should I explain this? Initially, I thought I'd end up in Africa and help endangered animals in their natural habitat. Instead, I help the animals in a fauna version of a circus.”
Dean nods and pushes his forehead against Castiel’s. For a moment, they stand there in the hallway, breathing each other in, listening to heartbeats, and letting the world happen outside of their perfect little bubble of love. Then, Castiel gets a grip on his earlier trail of thought and presses his palms on Dean’s chest to push him further.
“Let’s see,” Dean hums, and moves his hands to the waist of his pants. Unceremoniously, he steps back and takes the rest of his clothes off. He enters the stream once more to rinse himself before heading to the door. He yanks a robe from the hook next to the sink and turns to face Castiel after wrapping himself in it.
”No. I... I didn't know Anna had asked your people to stay. I invited someone to stay too. Now there's no beds.”
“Like I said, that’s only close to the kind of stable I was talking about. And if you can seize your joking for a moment, you’re letting me talk now.”
He’s aware how much his current situation in life mirrors the one eight years ago — how both times, he was left without his say-so. A rug was pulled from under his feet, and he had to learn how to live again. Still, the differences were astonishing, too. With James it had felt inevitable, and while he was absolutely devastated back then, he was still somewhat functioning. After Bartholomew left, though…
What’s even scarier than feeling warm and happy is what Dean would love to do about it. He would love to hug Castiel right now, to curl up next to him, to exchange slow kisses and –
Castiel wakes up to see the sun rise and feels arms still around him. They’ve only been resting for about  five hours and he could get back to sleep, but instead he turns to watch Dean. He’s fast asleep, eyelids moving in a REM phase, his breathing easy and slow.
“That I will be happy to assist with. Send me everything, I’ll make it work. And- And sorry I can’t be there.”
They end up having a good evening. Castiel is savvy with marine animals, and he loves that Dean wants to exploit his expertise with hundreds of questions. When they’re not talking, Castiel notices he doesn’t feel the need to say something; more often than not, his bingewatch experiences have included awkwardness and the need to try and entertain his guest at any cost. Dean seems comfortable enough, and when he grows bored, he starts dubbing the animals.
After what seems like a thousand more rounds, he starts to notice changes. His blood doesn't feel like it's made of acid and stones anymore and the adrenaline in his muscles is turning into laziness. He sighs and bothers a look in the mirror. Tired, depressed, failed. But no longer dying.
Dean, the jerk, hovers over Castiel’s lips for a moment before pulling back a bit, letting his hands go.
Nope.  As soon as he focuses on it instead of talking again, he realizes his breathing has gone back up into his chest. But he’s got a decently good feeling about Sam, so he wants to try again.
Castiel tilts his head, observing Dean’s face. “No, I’m here for a reason. I want to know what you’re thinking. I need to make absolutely sure you’re comfortable with our services.”
Since it’s only 11am, it’s not likely James will be able to answer right away. It doesn’t stop Castiel from checking his phone every other minute, but it helps him stop stressing about his direction and lets him get into a wandering mood — and also, some self-reflection.
On his way to see Balthazar and embarrass himself for good, he notices at least three more of his sunflowers are well on their way.
Five minutes. Everything inside him is telling him not to do this. What if he has some information about the operations against the Winchesters, and he doesn’t share that information with the police because Castiel is afraid? It’s not that Castiel should be thinking about anyone else but himself; but he’s afraid he  won’t forgive himself for not going through with this.
“You’re such an interesting character, Castiel, let me tell you that,” he says, the hesitance exceedingly present in his voice, “but we’ve got to work on your self respect. Currently, it seems like you place little value on yourself.”
His fingers are shaking as he types. He’s making it up as he goes, unsure whether this even is what he really wants to say. It’s an oddly liberating feeling.
Castiel is determined not to blush at the sudden change in direction. “Yes. Thank you for taking care of me.”
“This guy… He was my world. Man, he was awesome — smart as fuck, and he had this dry sense of humor that never ceased to make me laugh. I’d never thought I’d be happy without a physical relationship, but I rarely ever thought about it with him. He made me truly happy.”
What to put in their place, then? The new summer arrivals? He dusts the shelf one more time and brings his findings to the counter. Mixing strawberry infusions with green lime teas are always a good idea, and the lavender ones he puts together with the thistle ones, and as his hands stumble upon the pine green tea, he sighs again.
“Hey,” Dean says with a smile, and there’s a glint of joy in his eyes. Castiel is confused by his out-of-place happiness until he reaches down to his pocket. “Give me your hand, palm up.”
Dean’s fingertips are gently pressing into the skin on the small of his back, and he needs this, he needs this, he
, he tells himself, feverishly dusting off some products on the shelf that haven’t been moving in a while. He should make an offer bundle from these before they spoil. With a sigh, he goes to pick up a shopping basket and loads it full of various products.
Dean quickly pulls his hand away and buries his face in his palms. He can’t breathe. What the hell- What the hell is going on? Are these memories from before the accident? He still can’t remember what exactly happened to him, so he surely could miss more than just that?
“Yes, rather obviously,” he mutters, honestly just wanting to be left alone. His social well is already running on fumes.
It’s enough that Sam thinks Castiel is pathetic and felt it necessary to invite him for some amateur therapy session; he doesn’t need to find out Castiel’s also the type to spin himself into panic mode with irrational fears.
“Give me both, I’ll taste test a blend,” Castiel states and walks towards the wall-sized windows on the other end of the apartment. Dean follows him after putting the kettle on.
Lastly, they visit a circus. It’s possibly the place that’s the most “off” about the trio Balthazar chose for them — Castiel can’t imagine himself doing any fancy tricks on stage. He wouldn’t need to, either, that he was pretty sure of; again, it was about relying on your talent and staying in character. Out of the few words he says to  Balthazar during the performances, he makes it known that
She left before Dean could ask anything, so he decided to let it go. Instead, he picked up his phone only to read a hasty text from Charlie to come meet up with them. They'd apparently found what was ”the best cheesecake in town” and that if Dean had a taste of it, he'd never need a soulmate again. While it was probable that Dean's soulmate was of the Delicacy family, he was pretty certain it'd be a pie and so, instead of answering the message or even opening it as 'read', he headed out.
”You do realize, Dean”, Castiel said and Dean could've sworn he sounded short of breath, ”you've been ogling me for a while now.”
Now, Dean’s seen people look at him in envy, and in shock, and in awe, and in admiration. He’s met a lot of people who consider him either a good or a bad person by face value, and he’s met the wrath of people who he mistreated. Still, there’s nothing that could’ve prepared him for the way Novak looks at him.
Castiel laughs and looks away, blushing. It’s obvious his statement came out completely unfiltered. It’s awesome.
Then, the meringue was flying. It splashed forcefully into the pod just in front of Castiel, and before he could blink, the whole box flew behind it. Salt water splashed into Castiel’s eyes and he was about to wipe it off with his hands before realizing they, too, were wet.
“I’ve never felt this good,” Castiel says and moans at the feeling of Dean’s finger cleverly moving deeper. “Yes, I’m here.”
“Castiel,” Dean whispers, and Castiel forces his eyes open. Dean looks at him closely before continuing. “You here with me?”
he feels Dean's arms around him again and he's so glad Dean has learned to read him this well – well enough to know when to touch, and when not to. He moves his palm up and down Castiel's back until his sobs calm down a little.
“Hello, Gilda,” Castiel says, smiling back before getting up and shaking her hand. “I’ve heard a lot of good things about you.”
After the initial practice that’s more gestures than actual dance routines — which is fine, because Castiel
“Look at you, taking the moral high ground with me. No matter. I can deal with the couple of old bastards for now. I’ll let you know if something changes.
“Didn’t you also tell me that this is an important social gathering for possible new recruits and clients?”
“Well, for some reason, they had no pens. Like, what hospital room doesn’t have pens? That’s ridonkulous if you ask me. Nobody’s asking me. Anyway, I wanted to leave you a message of some sort that I’ve been there, just in case you couldn’t text me when you woke up or something. I used to wear the ring on a necklace under my shirt, and it was the only way I could tell you that I was there.”
Then, there’s the voice. There’s no touch, nobody looming over him the way he’d imagine medics would, there’s just a voice and as he shakes his beanbag of a head, he recognizes it as singing. It’s a song, emanating from outside his line of sight – as the disco ball drops and the party flattens out behind his eyelids, he immediately tries to find the source. He’s now lying on the ground, eyeing the space around him. Just as he’s starting to wonder whether he was hearing things, too, the song makes way for a lighthearted talking voice.
Dean is standing on the first big stones of the stream, focusing on the flow of the water. Castiel harvests some young mint leaves and nettles that sting him, and he feels Dean’s stare on him the entire time. Finally, he gathers his courage and raises his gaze to meet Dean’s.
“Oh, no, no! Nothing like that. I just wanted to point out the option’s there, if you want to chat up with someone you don’t know. You know, for an outside view on things. But first, let’s fix that breathing.”
“Well, it’s one and a half more days to the nearest village. I don’t think it has a lot more than a small inn and a store, but I’d venture a guess that there’s enough people to ask.”
“He was probably just overwhelmed to see you in these circumstances. If you two are close, why don’t you ask him yourself?”
When did he develop such a ridiculous obsession with love again? Wasn’t he supposed to only think of himself for a while? Then again, it might be better to think about love than give another moment of thought for the stalker.
”We should head home. It’s not gonna finish itself,” Castiel says, trying his best on what he hopes is a persuasive look. Dean scoffs.
“Well, it’s all how you perceive it, really. It’s an unbalanced Pitta issue. I need tea with roses, fennel and ginger, and maybe licorice, even cardamom. I’m not greedy, I’ll make do with less than that, and you could even throw in a surprise ingredient.”
He realizes it first when he lies awake in bed. It’s three in the morning, he’s slept for four hours, and when Castiel sends him a message at that hour… His heart starts pounding.
”What's your favorite constellation?” he decided to ask. Before answering, Castiel angled his arms to rest his upper body on them and let his head fall back. Even in the dark, Dean could make out the lines of his jaw and neck and had to shake himself out of any thoughts that came with it.
He realized the kid had been in a loud argument with her mother for a while now and he probably should do something about the fact that she was still on his shoulders. With not much grace, he yanked the kid by her waist and set her to the ground.
“Stay,” Dean whispers then. “I swear, I will make you feel even better, but you have to promise me that you’ll stay in the morning.”
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel whispers, and the way Dean answers his smile is nothing short of radiant. If he didn’t have his hand full of squirmy kitten and currently feeling like the happiest man in the universe, Castiel would almost feel bad about the way he panicked in the garage.
There’s a moment of silence, and things start clicking into place in Castiel’s head. He looks at the small origami sheets on his refrigerator and thinks about the vacation ones – and it makes a little, tiny bit of sense that Dean is nervous.
“I want to get all of this out of the way,” he says nonchalantly. “You know, as a ‘love you in case I die’.”
Dean finally let go of her hands and tried to catch her gaze by blocking the view. When Anna raised her eyes to meet his, there was almost a smile on her face. So, there was hope… Maybe.
Then, anxiety came. The calming waters of Epsom suddenly turned into scalding lava around his body; he tried to exhale but couldn’t fully empty his lungs. His next inhale brought some of the saltiness in, and damn, that was some salty water — all the tiny paper cuts he had in his body felt like stabs. He wanted nothing more than to lift his hands up above him and push the lid open, but he wasn’t sure if his time was done yet, and his feet wouldn’t have carried him anyway.
Castiel hums. “I guess I could. If it’s not too much to ask of you, I know a place that’s perfect… Or, rather, was perfect five years ago.”
“Would you do yoga if you got to decide?” Castiel asks. He’s adamant about keeping this strictly on Sam — he doesn’t want tidbits about how wonderful Dean is. He’s still haunted by those eyes anyway.
“You didn’t remember me,” he says then, trying on his best frowny face. Dean wants to kiss it off, although thinking that makes him feel a little selfish. He doesn’t know what to answer, so he keeps on making circles.
“Hey Castiel. You do realize it’s Saturday? You do realize you need to be at the garden, arranging things?”
“Okay,” Dean says, finally. Castiel gives him a kiss on the cheek before gesturing at everyone to leave. Then, before turning around, he lets out a long breath.
“I mean, I’ve known about the Steve thing as long as Dean has,” Sam says, “but seeing you two together, finally… It warms an old man’s heart.”
“Yeah. You’re a charmer, hon,” Jo says encouragingly. “If they don’t want to go out with you, it’s their loss.”
Castiel looks at him, suddenly stern. “Do you still have many questions up your sleeve? I’m hoping to borrow you for one more location.”
Castiel, in the meantime, can no longer take his eyes off Dean. He watches his profile, how he bites his lip when he concentrates, and how his pulse is barely visible on his neck. Again, Castiel is astounded that it matches the beat of his ring.
”I- For that, I'm sorry. I really am”, Dean said, taking her hands in his, ”but are you certain it's worth all the rage?”
He's on his feet immediately. It's not the first time he's surprised by a nightmare or- or night terrors, and he knows what a panic attack is, he knows the drill.
The next time Castiel opens his eyes, he’s truly alone. He stays in bed for a while, enjoying the smell of Dean on his sheets, until finally making his way to the kitchen.
Dean’s interest is immediately piqued, but he’s trying not to show it. Instead, he brings up his phone and taps away for a while. Castiel is both grateful and a bit sad for that. In Castiel’s wildest dreams, Dean would notice that he might need support from him, too.
It’s two verses into the song when he realizes the lyrics are also an apt description of how he thought he felt with Bart. It’s two verses into the song when he realizes he hasn’t thought of Bart during the song at
at the feeling of Castiel's hands on his muscles. Cas had been right – they were indeed sore. He had been more stressed than he knew.
James takes forever to answer again, but this time it’s because he seems to be typing and erasing for ages.
“I follow her recipes, but I get to cook,” Castiel says with a nod. “You might’ve already had something made by me.”
“Permission to touch?” he asked, his voice a notch more than a whisper. Dean blinked, twice, and nodded. Then, he noticed his mouth was open, and snapped it shut.
He’s been rock climbing since he was twelve. One of the older dancers in the school he was attending suggested it as a method to balance out all the hours spent indoors, and he had been pleased to find that the efforts also helped develop his muscle. Nowadays, he only goes to parks for climbing purposes when he wants to think.
Dean smiles. “And as for the college buddy part,” he continues, and suddenly lowers his gaze and frowns. “I don't think you've been my college buddy in a long time.”
“We could arrange you a performer that’s so much better, though,” Castiel sighs, “why do you want to stick with me?”
“I’m not- Bart, I’m not keeping you away. But I’m not ready to let all of this- this work that I’ve done to finally build my own life, without roommates, without anyone to clean after-”
A quiet piano song emanates from somewhere further away; the stage, Castiel thinks idly. He follows the sound through the halls, trying to make mental notes about the way back, and eventually makes his way to the rear of the stage.
Castiel is briefly impressed about how fast Redfield’s tone moved from his acquaintance mode to his therapist one. He also wonders whether he has some standard answers written down on a notepad — sentences such as
Gently and surely, as if in slow motion, Castiel had fallen in love. The more time passes, the more desperate he feels – soon enough they’ll have to move on with their lives, settle down with jobs and start families, if that’s what they want. Castiel decidedly doesn’t think about what kind of a family Dean is willing to start, if any; most likely it’d involve a beautiful spouse and a kid or two. Castiel would be both the best man and the godfather to their firstborn, and he’d forever hold his peace.
“It’s not the worst thing I’ve seen in the world, since the basics are there, but I think the stairs and the hallway might be a bit on the narrow side for the amount of people we’re having.”
They make their way down to the subway platform in silence, and as soon as they board the train, Dean talks. His voice is low, private, obviously meant for Castiel only.
Charlie, accompanied by Meg, makes her way to him. They’ve obviously been dancing — they’re all bright smiles and red cheeks. Is there a dance floor somewhere?
He climbs on top of the table and reaches out to run his fingers over Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into the touch and closes his eyes for a moment.
It’s half past eleven in the night when Castiel hears the doorbell. He’d been waiting for Charlie to come pick up her stuff and tell him that his mess isn’t what she wants for her summer vacation. At first he’d wanted her to come after him and tell him everything would be alright; he wanted to be nurtured back to his new-found sanity.
Castiel carefully keeps his eyes on his friends. He doesn’t want to look around and start guessing which of these people he just almost encountered in the bathroom.
“How much of them are in the future? In the scenarios you form in your head when you make decisions? In the things that haven’t happened yet or might never even happen?”
“Yes, I did it as soon as I was safe inside the store. There’s not much they can do. It’s not only fear of an external force — I mean, anything could happen at any given moment, so there’s nothing new there. What I fear even more is that I can’t control myself, that these circumstances will drive away everyone I love and I’ll eventually go crazy.”
Dean didn’t hesitate. He was in Castiel’s personal space immediately, a hand pressed firmly against the back of his head, their foreheads touching.
While thinking about his past, he’s managed to bring a giant pot of water to boil and he now adds the potatoes. He puts the first two roasting pans in the oven and prepares the salad while he waits for the potatoes to be ready.
Soon enough, he realizes why. Sitting on the office chair in a suit with a smug smile on his face is Bartholomew himself. Castiel’s feet grind to a halt and he shakes himself free of Dean’s hand. Jody stands there in complete silence, just watching the both of them.
“It… It doesn’t feel right. Bart, please, I don’t know how to explain it. It’s just part of who I am. You’re the one I’m
He slowly raises his gaze, painfully aware of how much he’s blushing by the mismatch of him in a raincoat and — and Dean Winchester, in a vest and a tie.
”Alright, kiddo, look, I'm sorry. You're obviously wise beyond your years and you gotta admit that pisses adults off. 't doesn't mean I wouldn't help you out in finding your… guardian.”
There’s a silent moment in the store as the afternoon turns into evening, just before the last rush that always comes right before the store closes. Talking to strangers about tea sometimes calms Castiel’s nerves, and this is one of those days — he feels sad for his past self for being unable to come to work. Meg joined him during the afternoon, mostly to mock him about the amount of obviously nervous work he’d done around the store.
There has been an announcement on their website about his hiatus, mainly because they’d wanted the customers to contact Meg or Balthazar for order and booking issues instead. But traveling? That’s a nice way of putting it.
Sam doesn’t say anything, which is thousand times worse than his faux pity would’ve been. Castiel feels he needs to fill the air with something, so he speaks his mind.
He can count three cracks in the ceiling over and over again as he idly twists the ring on his finger. It's the closest thing he has to entertainment.
He stands up and throws the backpack on his shoulder before making a salute and turning around. Okay, he’s being ruder than he probably should, but he’s so tired now – and besides, would it be too much to ask for a
“Hey!” Dean yelps, obviously not truly wounded by the statement. They continue exploring in comfortable silence, and Castiel feels his mood darken further.
They meet in the park. It’s cold, and Dean wants nothing more than for it to be a summer night again.
“I don’t think this is vandalism,” Castiel says. “This is too meticulous. This is a threat. Someone is threatening my life.”
“It’s been a while. I’m fine. But like I said, I wish there’d been someone to, you know, kind of see me through it.”
“Hmm, you were admitted in the night. I’ll have to see who our night nurse was. I only just got here, so I’m sorry, I can’t tell you anything else yet.”
“That’s one of the reasons I prefer the company of males,” Bartholomew continued, “most males don’t flaunt their stuff.”
”I'm staying with my sister for the time being, so it's not my screen size but I assure you, it's reasonable. I'll throw in marshmallows to sweeten the deal.”
He washes his hands, then washes them again because they didn’t feel clean enough, and leaves the bathroom. He’s still on the verge of a panic attack, but before it can fully kick in he walks to his phone and taps it open. He doesn’t want to scroll down to see how many messages from James there are. He doesn’t want to deal with it, but eventually he has to. Ripping off a bandaid, no?
Fuck it all. Fuck his anger, and Dean being late, and the Christmas lights that are no longer on. New Year is around the corner, and he’s ready to take it in with a bang.
“Hey there, Castiel,” Sam says, still smiling widely. Castiel tries to match the smile, but knows it looks more like a mocking smirk. The other man sitting at the table narrows his eyes at him as a response.
“Right, so. There’s a reason I wanted to help you, and no matter what your reaction is to what I’m about to tell you, I’m going to keep on doing that. This is not a thing I wanted to do to get something out of this, you know? I just… I care about you.”
“I have no doubt,” Castiel says. “So, a performance, catering, DJ — Meg, that’s probably you again — drinks, I guess fireworks, too? Also, do you have a venue or would you like for us to decide?”
Castiel takes off his shoes and walks to the living room, Bart following suit. They sit down on the couch and Castiel digs up two books from his army green bag.
Here, taking the rest of their clothes off feels natural. Dean turns on the water, and they come together in the steam from the showerhead. Castiel shivers at the touch of Dean’s skin on his, and lets his fingertips travel across whatever skin he finds.
He nods, biting his lower lip gently. Dean is too kind. Castiel feels like Dean is unfair, that he’s exploiting a weak moment to prove just how much he cares and how much he deserves the love of someone who’s much less trouble than Castiel is right now.
Castiel moves from the threshold, letting people pass him by. Charlie comes in last, and before continuing, squeezes his arm gently. She says nothing, but the gesture spreads warmth through him.
“Fine,” he sighs, and he means it to sound neutral but it sounds like he’s coming a little already, “fine, I’ll allow this.”
It was December 15th, and Castiel was putting up ornaments. He was a holiday person — even though he didn’t bother himself with thinking much of religion, he was a Christmas person. He wanted it all; lights, candles, wreaths, mistletoes, a big tree. It’d started with a thorough house cleaning a week or so before, and this was about to be the icing on the cake.
Castiel silences him with another kiss, which Dean answers with new-found fervor. Instinctively, Castiel shifts his weight, gaining more areas of proximity and making it possible for him to almost-accidentally and all-too-gently press his leg against Dean’s groin. Dean wraps his fingers around Castiel’s wrists, and Castiel can feel the anticipation all over his body.
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to sound mean,” Bart continued, as if the harm wasn’t already done, “but you bailed on me just when I was about to introduce you to someone. Now you- I don’t want to say you made me look bad, but…”
Castiel woke up with a stupid smile on his face, letting himself float in dreamland for a moment longer – in his dreams, Dean loved him back and wanted to crawl in a self-made velvet blanket fortress with him to never return to the cold world outside.
Dean shakes his head and presses his eyes closed for a moment. Castiel’s resolution shakes as he realizes how much this hurts the man he loves.
Dean whined, but sat up straight. Castiel moved the palms of his hands down Dean's back, emitting a sigh out of him.
“It’s never too late,” Sam smiles. “Why are you here? I mean, I’m glad you came, because I’ve wanted to talk to you alone.”
— they have a final meeting with their client, and for reasons unknown, only Sam is available. This time, Meg can’t make it and is replaced with Eileen. Upon greeting each other, Sam shifts to sign language fluently and it pleases all of the people present.
It was the day when Castiel would dress up as a – he had to admit it – eeriely beautiful interpretation of a caged bird and meet Dean Winchester.
Castiel nodded. “It's nothing weird that I'm about to do here, but I don't want to touch you if you're not conscious enough to tell me to stop if you don't want me to continue.”
Then Dean bottoms out and sets a steady, slow pace. Castiel grips the headboard for support with one hand, but keeps the other one on top of Dean’s on his chest. Dean kisses him again and again and again, and Castiel vaguely notices he might be saying something, but he can’t really hear what. No — it’s Castiel himself that’s speaking, and Dean looks at him with so much adoration he feels the need to blush, but it feels too damn good. He lets out a loud moan and feels himself clenching around Dean before, without much warning, he comes hard and long and loud. He scratches Dean’s back with his fingernails, sinking them into his skin as Dean follows him over the edge.
In all honesty, Dean could've asked anything to keep Castiel talking. He wanted to know, though, if he was as mesmerized by the night.
“Do tell,” Castiel pleaded. He didn't speak aloud anymore. The whisper traveled through Dean's body as shivers.
“It wasn’t too late. I’m fine. I am physically uninjured, and now it’s over. Besides, I could’ve just told you.”
“I only want what’s best for you,” Bart said to his back. “And since we’re an item, I want you to look good next to me.”
There’s one damn you too many, Castiel notes absently. He distracts himself by sending Sam a quick message. It’s almost like he’s in control of the situation. He recalls feeling like that sometimes during their college-time conversations — it didn’t matter how suggestive the themes got, Castiel was firmly in control if the result was to throw James off his balance for a while. It was harmless, and heated, and private.
“Do you have good cruise memories?” Castiel asks. “Or is there something we should deal with before we take off into the unknown?”
Every October, Castiel's university collaborated with the local college in throwing a Halloween masquerade party. It was one of the two absolute high points of any school year - the other one obviously being the Grand Holiday Ball thrown around Christmas. It was all anyone could talk about after summer. People were obsessed with costumes; sewing skills and imagination were on high demand, some were putting up sewing services, some were desperately selling their former year's garderobe, some were coordinating with their dates, their friends or their whole class and everything slowly turned into a Battle Royale of who's-allowed-to-wear-what and who's-the-most-outrageous-copycat-this-year. It was frowned upon to wear the same costume as someone else - this was definitely not a time to go buying some devil horns or pointy witch hats or kitty ears from the local store and getting it over with.
Dean could feel Castiel's breath in his damp hair, and on his cheek, and for a blinding moment, on his neck. He was already biting his lip and his heart was somersaulting, but Castiel leaned over the side of the tub to grab... A rubber duck.
Bartholomew had said anxiety disorder was a trendy, modern diagnosis, and that Castiel was generally too happy for depression. He’d suggest Castiel should put the little amount of personal stuff he had left in storage, and get a light therapy lamp. Castiel had felt misunderstood, even though he was too willing to please Bart to actually say it out loud, but it had started a wedge between them before December.
