“Don’t worry about it, big guy.” He smiled, pecking Steve on the lips.”I’m the one who got you in my bed, aren’t I?”
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
Steve felt his jaw drop at what those words implied.
“Tony, sweetheart.” Steve whispered, as he put Tony down again. “Maybe we should take this slow, right? You deserve slow and meaningful.”
“Okay that wasn’t nice.” He grunted. The masked man chuckled.
Could he trick his kidnappers into thinking he was working along? Well, at least he'd have a bigger chance of escaping if he had some tools.  He nodded, having made up his mind.
“patience is a virtue, Steven.” He teased him. Steve jolted when the ping of the elevator announced their arrival on their destination, and Tony grinned as he led Steve through the corridor and into his bedroom.
Pepper cut him off.
Then, he finally removed the blindfold off his boyfriend, grinning down at him excitedly.
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
‘Show me those piercings, Stevie.’
For now find the art here
Tony smirked, because now it was his time to surprise the raven.
‘Maybe… What will you do about it?’ came the cheeky reply. Steve cleaned up the breakfast table and got on the couch, where he pulled his pants down and took a picture of his hand on his cock to send to his cheeky correspondent. The answer was immediate.
"Of course I will, baby. I could never hurt you."
“Wow, you’re a lot…Beefier in real life, I mean I knew you got muscles but daaamn.” Tony whistled. Steve barely heard a word, he was too busy admiring the man currently feeling up his biceps.
Tony planted the dildo on the edge of the bed and sunk down on it, moaning as he did so.
“Show me.” Tony demanded.
‘I really like you calling me sweetheart.’
“dang, you really got it bad for him, don’t you?”
‘looks like you’re quite comfortable.’ Steve texted.
Steve smiled and shook his head as he watched them walk away. They were cute together and good for each other. He turned back to his easel and got to work.
Like he looked at Tony, and now at Tony and Loki together.
‘Please, please get back to me.’
“Clearly.”
“Begging for it , huh?” Tony grinned, gently blowing on the head of the erection. The cock twitched and Tony chuckled as Steve moaned.
Steve carried two boxes of clothes to the bedroom, while Tony got distracted by Steve’s family albums.
“1000 dollars?!” he shrieked, and then shook his head again with a smile. “Have a good night, boss.”
“Okay.”
“Get up you lazy bum, it’s Friday, we were going for a run with Sam, remember?” Bucky scolded his friend. Steve sleepily sat up and rubbed his eyes.
“kitchen.” He read aloud, before heading towards the kitchen island and putting the box there. Tony took one labeled ‘books’ and carried it towards the living room.
“Oh fuck… I was texting the wrong person all along?” Steve was mortified and ended the call. Immediately, his phone started ringing again, Tony was trying to call him. Steve didn’t pick up.
“Defenitly doing that again.”
‘I’m leaving for a business trip but I wanted to give you something to look at during the hours I ‘m in the air so…’
Tony loosened his tie a bit and smiled at Steve.
“Of course ,Sir. “
Steve sat down on his bed.
It wasn’t until lunch break that he got a text from his lover again.
“Come on Steve, you’re going to love this.” Tony grinned, and pulled Steve along.
“Così perfetto, ragazzo mio, non fermarti.” Tony begged, and Steve didn’t think of stopping. Not until he had given Tony the best orgasm of his life, not until he heard more of that delicious Italian from Tony’s plush and kiss swollen lips.
“J, lock the door and tint the windows, make sure we're not disturbed. Oh and noise cancelling , just in case. We don’t want rumours.”
“You’re such a good boy, Tony. You’re gorgeous, smart, kind…” Steve started.
“Non fermatevi, per favore”
“Of course I did, sweetheart.” He said, voice laced with affection. “And you get to take me out on any fancy date you want to prove it.”
“I... yeah...”
"Yes."
“Sweetheart?” Steve asked, a bit confused.
The blond settled over the brunet's head and fed him his cock slowly, moaning as the velvety walls of his lovers throat encased his cock once again. He slowly rolled his hips and Tony hollowed out his cheeks, making Steve sigh in pleasure. Then Tony canted his head and Steve slid deeper into Tony's throat, making him hiss in pleasure.
“I get that you need a distraction, Steve. But why don’t we go out tonight and hang out , huh? Just take a break. “Natasha  proposed.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
Tears were streaming down Steve’s face at the last three text’s, Tony’s hurt was clearly seeping through the words, and now Tony was abducted and Steve couldn’t tell him how he really felt. Might not get the chance to ever tell him how he felt.
Bucky hummed and thought his own of it. They eventually let go and Steve went back to his painting and ignoring Tony.
“I’m done with sitting here and listening to you insult me. I’d have you fired in a moment, but that’s up to Mrs Potts. I’m going upstairs, to my boyfriend.” Tony slammed the door behind him and went straight to the elevator. Texting Steve he better be ready to hold him as soon as he stepped out of it.
Tony's body arched in a beautiful bow, a long moan leaving his mouth.
‘Fuck, I just got a hard on while on my way to the airport.’
“would top Steve while he’s topping you.” Tony grinned. Loki’s eyes shone with  matching mirth.
“Hi Pep. Yes, I’ve seen. What? A board meeting right now?” Tony groaned. “all right , fine. I’ll send you my location. See you soon.”
“Moi?” he asked, daintily perching his hand on his heart and sitting back, placing his butt right over his lover’s erection. “you wound me, Steve.”
“So cruel.” Steve hurried to agree. “so please, Tony.”
He pulled out the blindfold from his pocket and tied it behind Steve’s head.
“Hey, you back with me?”
‘Darling, please let me know you're okay? Don’t be scared. I'm still me...’
Steve had convinced Tony to go out for lunch today for their three month anniversary. He was wearing shades and a cap and he had a stubble, so people wouldn’t really know who he was. Tony would wear a disguise too, he had promised, so they could be together out in the open without anyone recognising them.
“That’s it honey, nice and slow.” Steve breathed, while he teased the head of his own cock. Tony nodded and rolled his hips to fuck up into the hole his hand was making, as well as taking his own fingers deeper. It was a sight to see, and Steve certainly appreciated it.
A surprised 'oh, ooh' and a moan signalled the orgasm of the other man, and for a while there was only panting until Steve grunted as he creamed his pants. There was silence on the other side of the line, until…
Steve let himself be led inside by Tony, who was immedeatly recognised by the girl at the reservation counter.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
Tony hung up, and an instant later there was an incoming video call. Steve took the time to look at Tony, he had a split lip and a bruise under his eye and on his collarbone.
He wrapped his arms around Tony and latched onto that delectable neck while hammering up into the tight heat surrounding his cock.
"Green, but start slow." Was Tony's answer, and Steve answered him with a tender kiss.
“Well duh, no better place, believe me.” Tony said, clenching his channel again and making Steve grip the armrests to ground himself.
“Sure! I’ll send you a picture.”
“Of course, oh honey I’ve been waiting to hold your hand.” Steve said, kissing their joined hands. Tony smiled and then typed something in his phone.
Tony gasped when the first finger was pushed in and trembled slightly. Steve bent over and kissed Tony’s cheek.
Lots of love
“A bottle of wine, please. You know which one.” Tony winked.
“I love hearing you.” He told Tony. “Make as much noise as you want.”
“So, what are we now, then?” Tony asked, making himself comfortable on Steve’s chest.
Steve’s eyes dropped towards that pert ass and the tiny trickle of white running down Tony’s leg.
“You are , Tony. You so are.” Steve assured him with a loving gaze. That made Tony blush even more and his eyes drifted shut again at a particular deep thrust.
“Please don’t hurt him.”  Tony whispered. The man tutted.
“Hmm raspberry!” he fed Tony a spoonfull and tony followed by some of the brown ice cream and moaning.
“Yesss.” Loki hissed. “More.”
“hey, it’s okay, you have to go and sort this out. I understand that. I shouldn’t have kissed you without checking if it was safe.”Steve said regretfully.
‘Great, can’t wait. GTG. Have fun working.’
“I’m so sorry Tony. I just panicked. I should never have ghosted you.” Steve said softly. “almost losing you , this was the worst two weeks of my life.”
“Oh honey you are beautiful.” Tony smiled. Steve shook his head.
“And Tony wouldn’t want that to happen.”
“Hey, you gonna keep texting Tony or actually accompany us for the run you promised?” Bucky asked teasingly. Steve grinned and shot Tony an okay text before catching up with Sam and Bucky.
Steve bucked his hips unconsciously, enjoying Tony's soft lips on his manhood, but he didn't want to be the only one getting pleasure tonight. So he reached back into the drawer and got the lube and Tony's favorite vibrator, feeling Tony's lips leaving his cock with a soft 'pop'
“Ready?” Tony asked, a twinkle in his eyes and a grin on his face.
“Oh Tony , this is amazing .” Steve breathed, making the brunet smile.
“that reminds me. I don’t even know what you do.”
"Oh. Yes. Please." He breathed, body already squirming in prospect of what was about to happen.
“Sounds like you and Bucky were close.”
“Yeah. You like it?”
Natasha smiled and gave him a hug, which was rare.
"Well, uhmmm. You might be right?" He confessed, making Tony smirk.
When they sat down, Tony fished out his phone.
“We need you for a little... Project we’re working on.”  The man said.
Tony nodded and slipped into faded jeans and a shirt that he had stolen from Steve after he’d worn it. If he couldn’t have the real thing around, might as well have his smell around him like a hug for comfort.
Steve scrambled to find the app and entered the code, after which he found himself with complete access to the intensity of vibrations of the brunet’s plug. Oh, this was going to be fun.
Steve was studying him, and Tony smiled at him.
“Good morning  , what can I get you guys?” the employee asked with a smile.
---------
“But Tony stark? He'd never go for someone like me.”
“Thank you.” Steve said, positively beaming. A customer entered and Sam went to tend to his needs, giving Steve the opportunity to slip back to the atelier. Today he had a session with Thor, one of their fixed models. He often modelled for Bruce, who was a quiet painter who painted nudes and landscapes.
Steve got up to get ready for work, pleasuring himself in the shower before he got dressed. He had a quick breakfast and then headed to the gallery.
Just…
“it won’t be. It’s been a week, some people don’t get found for months!” Bucky said, that made Steve cry out in desperation.
‘I could make a cock ring’
“Ta-ta!”  he called over his shoulder, not taking in the stunned expression and the fond headshake his driver gave him. He also missed the gasp when the money was counted.
‘hmm hello sugar, got more treats for me?’ the text below said, Steve bit his lip and decided to just go ahead with it. He pulled his pants a bit lower so you could see the head of his dick peeping from his boxers and took a picture, which he sent.
‘Wow…
“anthony Edward Stark. Get in the car, right now.” Pepper said curtly. Tony sighed and looked back at Steve , before getting into the car, which sped away.
Tony gave a particularly hard suck and Steve jolted.
For now find the art here
The blond just smiled and let himself be pulled inside the parlor.  Tony was all smiles and happy and Steve couldn’t keep his eyes off him.
“Sweet.”
Tony settled underneath the covers and Steve watched him do so with a smile.
“Well then Mr. Stark, maybe you should consider working along then.”
"Hey there, better now?"
“I tend to have that effect on people, yes.” Loki admitted. “i suppose you’re here to tell me to back off your boyfriend?”
“Oh my god, that was so sexy. It’s even better in real life!” Tony said, wide eyed and trembling a little. Steve needed to regain his composure.
“i will be back shortly to take your orders, would you like me to fetch you a drink?” she asked.
Steve chuckled.
"All right captain, out with it. What do you want?" He demanded to know, and Steve turned even redder.
Tony was still slick from the night before, and Steve slid two fingers in while Tony sucked his cock to full hardness in his position underneath the desk.
“Hmm better. And even better would be if you have my painting ready.”Natasha raised an eyebrow.
“Sending the Heli for you tomorrow morning. Can’t wait to see you xoxo.”
“What?” Tony asked innocently. “I don’t know what you want until you tell me, baby.”
More importantly, was he alive?
'Sexy.’
“Of course it’s ready, right this way Madame.”
'My auntie Peggy when she was young, she fought the Nazi's in the resistance.’  Steve sent back.
"Oh baby, you really are the perfect little cocksucker, aren't you?"
Steve laid back in the bath for a while and then went to brush his teeth before crawling into bed and promptly falling asleep.
“Is the new Davidson painting done?” she asked her boyfriend. Bucky curled an arm around her petite waist and pulled her close to him.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
“I can’t wait to get to know everything about you, handsome.” He said with a fond look.
He buried his head in his pillow, heart beating rapidly. His phone started buzzing buzzing again on the nightstand. Steve turned his back towards it and willed sleep to take him.
“What exactly are you implying?” he asked.
“Come on babe. She was oblivious and talking to you about me while you were having your cock sucked by me. It is kind of funny. “
Smiling, Steve undid his pants and shimmied out of his boxers , pulling his shirt over his head too.
“Yes, I’ll let you take me to bed tonight.”
“Not if they put the company in a bad light, like so many times before, and now he’s spotted with a guy!”
“We could definitely make that happen.”
Another slap to Steve's ass, tearing a moan from his throat and making him really push down Tony's throat now, feeling the burning hot coil in his stomach grow even hotter and tighter. He chased his orgasm, hips hammering against Tony's face, until he came with a gasp, until Tony shuddered through an orgasm , moaning around Steve's cock.
‘Okay, the message is clear...I’m heading to my presentation. Would really love to hear from you, but I’ll stop bothering you... All my love, Tony.’
Steve looked from one brunet to the other in confusion. Loki chuckled and wriggled his eyebrows at Steve.
“Yes.”
When Steve got home early as Tony requested, he was prepared for a lot. He had never expected, however, to find Loki and Tony laughing together in the salon.
“N...No... My AI took it for me. ”the other stuttered, before a moan left his throat again.
He opened the text messages in the hope of there being one indicating that Tony was okay.
'Guess you're ignoring me...’
“Orange...?” Tony said, insecure. Steve pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s temple.
“So, you wanted to talk business?” Loki asked.
“Tony, sweetheart. “
“Anthony, I must say that we had never expected you to be... Well...”said one of the board directors uncomfortably.
“Damn now that’s an ass I’d like to bury my face into .” he said, making Steve flush as he grabbed his phone back.
“It’s okay, you couldn’t know.” Steve smiled, softly caressing Tony’s hand, making the other relax. Steve let Tony feed him bits of waffle and they talked about their friends and family. Steve learned that Rhodey was colonel James Rhodes, who had known Tony since his MIT days. Then Tony listened to Steve describing Natasha and promptly decided that she needed to get drunk with him and have a girls night. Before they knew it they had eaten all the ice cream and it was already late afternoon.
“Agreed, chocolate covered strawberries will be even better if you feed me by hand, preferably when we’re both naked.”Tony nodded. They kissed again and then Tony made a swift call and then led them back to the car.
Rogers hummed thoughtfully, not looking at him directly. “Tony, then. Figured you could use help with the round.”
“There was nothing accidental about it and you know it.” Rhodey pinched Tony’s cheek as he walked by. “But in all seriousness, it’s about damn time we get to meet your mystery woman.”
“Now that’s actually funny,” Steve replied. “But, y’know, sir yes sir and all that.”
“I was—I was at a gala with Pepper. Oh fuck, she’s gonna kill me.” Tony rubs a hand over his face. “Did we uh-“Tony lets his gaze wander over Steve’s shirtless form and god, if they finally went at it and he can’t remember he’s going to kick his own ass, Pepper be damned.
“Let me see it.”
at him. He wants Tony to see him. Rogers missed him so much.
It makes sense doesn’t it? With the both of them on the same case, they should combine their forces and have a better chance at catching the slippery fucker.
It had been a particularly busy week for the shop and true to his workaholic nature, Tony had decided to stay and finish up their orders for the next couple of days.
“The team, I mean.”
The moment he relented and lay down in bed, Steve realized he didn’t know exactly what he was getting himself into. Sure, yeah, he was down to fuck. Who wouldn’t be with Tony? But there was that competitive look glinting in those whiskey eyes, telling him this was going to be so much more.
As if Tony needed any other reason to hate Ross. The World Security Council. The god damned Accords. This was Nick Fury levels of secret bullshit all over again. Everyone had their own agenda, and Tony was just the stupid pawn they used to achieve them. He doesn’t know why he feels so betrayed; there was never any loyalty to be had between them. But they used him, much like a lot of people in Tony’s life and that— he was so over being used.
He cleared his throat, vibranium fingers bunching the material of his jeans. “How did he take it?”
Thank you for reading! Hopefully the next chapter won’t be such a long wait.
“For real, though,
Tony’s whiskey eyes grazed over the many insignias and patches on the uniform coat. Jesus, the guy was more blinged out than a southern woman’s flip-flops.
“Careful, I’d hate to see you wind up in Sam’s cuffs instead of mine. Best do as you’re told,” Steve replied without missing a beat. Guess he recovered from the earlier shock quick enough.
“Or more places to hide in plain sight, Nat. This is the first lead we’ve had in months. I think it’s at least worth checking out.”
It was wishful thinking.
Tony threw himself into work. He spent his time with Rhodes, accompanying him to all his physical therapy sessions when he wasn’t working on perfecting the braces he’d built. He made improvements on his suits. Finally got around to the nanotechnology he’d been wanting to use. And somewhere along the line, Rogers had deemed it necessary to send him a sorry ass excuse for an apology.
“Tony.
If an arrangement of Rue and Bird’s-foot Trefoil ends up placed outside the door of Rogers’ shop, well… that was his business.
They shared a heated look, Tony absolutely giddy with the way Rogers eyes briefly glinted with poorly-concealed desire. Oh yeah, he was definitely going for it. After months on end of uselessly pining and passive-aggressively gifting, Tony finally got the confirmation he needed. Tony hugged the bouquet to his chest, hip perching on the frame of the door.
It had been a mistake. God, he shouldn’t have come at all.
Tony definitely had his work cut out for him. “Promises, promises.” the brunette sing-songed lowly.
Ross, to his credit, doesn’t even flinch at the use of the dreaded nickname. “STRIKE Force is on another mission and won’t be available in the time span that the council wants this looked into. Vision is currently MIA, Rhodes is stationed here, with me, so tell me, genius, who does that leave?” The older man sneers.
“A fight, or some kind of argument, I believe it was.” Pepper murmured, perfect brows scrunching at the sound of the piano going off behind them. “I’m not sure what happened, I think Peter was the only one who heard him. Tony just stormed out. He isn’t a bad kid, he’s just— he’s been taken care of all his life.”
Why the hell was it so damn bright in here? “FRIDAY, draw the damn shades will you?” Tony’s voice sounds like shit and he rolls over, right into something warm and rigid. What the— Steve’s broad from is sleeping soundly next to him in a bed that definitely wasn’t his.
Stark’s limbs trembled, hell, his whole body was shaking. How— how
Wait…
Of course not. Not really. Tony’s biggest takeaway was the fact that this was an answer to his prodding. This—
Pepper came over and settled a hand on his shoulder. “You know, despite the fact that you two seem to get along as well as cats and dogs, both Nat and Sam are sure that Rogers has it just as bad. Just… something to think about.” She gave his shoulder a tight squeeze before packing up, definitely leaving Tony with lots to think about.
Stark bit his lip, unsuccessfully hiding the way they tried to twist into a grin. “Then I won’t tell you anything, sour-patch.”
because I want to meet her. I haven’t even been able to snoop since you refuse to give me her name,” Stark pouted.
“Oh, is that so?”
“I am not getting naked before you,” he shot, sliding his hands out from under Tony and into a position where he could unbutton those jeans of his. That’d be a goddamn crime. Fingers lined with white, tiny scars slipped the button through its opening, impatiently grabbing the waistline and sliding it down as far as he could. Which, to be fair, wasn’t too much considering Stark was on top of him. But it was enough to make Steve’s chest tighten as he grinned in anticipation. “Pants. Off. All the way,” he ordered, voice rough with want.
you here?”
“No. As in, ‘No, Rogers, I won’t turn down my music.’ No in that way.”
“I mean, May and Happy are fairly obvious don’t you think?” The genius huffs, placing his sunglasses back on his face.
There was no way. They’d barely ever interacted with one another.
Well, as well as he could from thousands of miles away.
“Depends on how vocal you think you can make me. If you’re good enough, I might be inclined to indulge you.”
“Why are you still here? Don’t you have a team to get back to?”
It was clear Steve had his work cut out for him, a disbelieving huff of laughter slipping off his tongue at that unmistakable challenge.
It takes Tony two days to finish up his reports and get around to being debriefed. He just— he couldn’t get over seeing Rogers. Sure, he was also pissed off about losing Batroc, but Rhodey informed him that STRIKE had been handed the case. It wasn’t his problem anymore. What
“What? Why would I—” Steve begins, already on the defensive. God damn it. “I don’t have anything to apologize for, Buck. We both made our decisions when it came to what was most important to us.”
Steve moves in, catching his right wrist. “Buck, please stop.”
Part of Steve couldn’t get enough of that snark. The other part of him just wanted the kid to shut the hell up so they could fuck. Not that he’d ever fucking bring it up, but between the way the brunette was running his tongue and teeth over him and the way their skin was already sticking together from the heat, Steve was ready.
him. Did Steve really believe that a piece of paper with a few pretty words and this dinosaur technology would be enough? That this is what Tony deserves from him? Tony slumps heavily against the desk, red light still blinking in his peripherals. God. He wanted to be angry. He wanted to… be spiteful, enraged, indifferent. But he just— couldn’t. No matter what Rogers had done to him, he was still Tony’s soul mate and damn it, Stark had a fucking soft heart beneath that iron shell.
“And don’t think I didn’t see the Dill and Roses. Orange and Coral, really?”
Broad shoulders raised in a shrug as war-torn fingers began rolling up his sleeves again, not ready to admit to himself where he knew this was headed.
“Tones, I don’t think it’s all that serious—”
Tony looks away for a moment. “Could be your story’s not so crazy. Maybe. Ross has no idea that I’m here, I’d like to keep it that way.” Tony huffs in amusement as he leans against the concrete wall. “Otherwise, I have to arrest myself.”
“You lost someone, didn’t you?” Steve questions.
“Try to not lose your voice, huh? I’ve got to question you in a few hours,” Steve deadpanned. Tony nearly chokes on his spit at the insinuation, wide, whiskey colored eyes briefly cutting to the blonde.
He missed the entire team, there was never any doubt about that. Its just… there was a special, fluttery little feeling that blossomed into something
“And you’re going to turn me down?” Tony looks like Steve had just insulted him.
Tony doesn’t wait for Rogers to respond, instead he shuts the lid on the phone. What the actual hell had he just agreed to?
The brunette saw the way Steve was schooling his expression into something nicer, could practically hear him counting back from ten. Well, well, well. Maybe he wasn’t such a cool cucumber after all.
The family all looked at each other in confusion. Sure, Tony was a little bastard, but he was right. Why was the other detective consulting? And why did they think there was something more going on?
They make their way up to the third floor. Batroc’s room is the last on the left, right next to the fire escape. The hall is empty, save for the cart of cleaning supplies at the other end. Tony motions them forward as Rogers pulls a gun from inside his coat. The look Stark gives him has the blonde rolling his eyes; what? Did Tony really think he would come unarmed? It was simple enough: Tony would get Batroc to come to the door and Steve would take him out. It almost seemed too simple, if he were being honest, but as far as Rogers and Stark knew, Batroc wasn’t aware that they had tracked him to the city.
Tony couldn’t have rolled his eyes any harder had he actually tried, and he knew Rogers caught it just before he turned and jogged up the stairs.
Barnes looks weary, a bit jumpy, like at any point, he was ready to tuck tail and run. Steve doesn’t look any better. The freeze frame jumps to life, a snowy, secluded road, shadows contrasting harshly against the white blanket that covers everything. Suddenly, a car speeds into view and careens off the road crashing directly into a tree. Stark watches intently as someone who suspiciously looks a whole lot like the Winter Soldier rides up.
Tony had been blinded by grief and rage and a fury he didn’t know he could possess as he went after Barnes. The hurt was only fueled by his very own soul mate protecting the other, fighting life and limb to allow his escape. Tony had hurt them both, but it wasn’t as if he’d been the only one to deal damage.
Somewhere along the line, the two had stepped back. Tony was practically pushed up onto the small table, and he took advantage of it by wrapping his legs around Steve’s tapered waist.
Pink lips parted in a sigh as he felt those gorgeous thighs slide over him.“Yeah, well you’re an—
Tony’s hands itch to quiet the damn thing, to simply open and shut it and ignore the fact that it was ringing in the first place. There was only one possible person who could be calling anyway… or was there? What if something had happened? Tony hadn’t reached down the Bond since before Leipzig.. what if- what if something was wrong?
Rogers.”
Did-Did Tony just compliment him? No. Of course not. He’s an engineer, a mechanic. He was complimenting Shuri’s work. That was all.
“Steve, how do you know that it will even work, huh? What happens if he gets worse? Or it drags up the wrong memories? And don’t— don’t do that. You can’t gang up on me like that.”
“See what, darling?”
Thank you to Himboplantdad for helpin’ me out.
Oh boy, Pepper was so going to kill him.
Now Tony might be drunk, but he still gets the meaning. The defiant look melts into something else entirely.
That had really thrown a wrench in pretty much everything. It was absolutely bonkers.
Rogers. Do us both the favor, and just go.”
“Tony, then. Listen, I’ve been tryin’ to be as polite as I can about it, but I guess the message never got across.”
Tony’s delivery door had been super-glued shut after that one. A little sticky note written in the same script as their first note was left just adjacent to the handle.
Oh god damn it.
There it was again: Captain. Tony sure liked that one.
Rogers sighed heavily, suddenly looking much more exhausted than he had a few moments ago, before he straightens and steels himself as if he were stepping into enemy lines. “There was a— fight. After the airport.” There’s a far off look in the blonde’s gaze; he’s clearly somewhere else. “I don’t— I’m— uh, it didn’t end good, Buck.”
“This isn’t— you can’t even use the word
“Alright, everybody. I’ll do this again one more time,” Wilson started, pointedly glaring at Tony. “My name is Detective Sam Wilson. I’m with NYPD. I know it’s a bit of a drive from here, but it is what it is. This—“ here, he gestured to a politely smiling Steve, “—is Detective Steven Rogers. He’s offered to help consult on this case and I’m, uh, gladly taking the help. So we’re gonna ask you a few questions, one by one.”
Steve goes wide-eyed and a shade paler as his head shakes vehemently. “What? Oh god,
The detective’s accented voice trailed off once his shoe hit carpet: They were in the bedroom. Quiet, simple, minimalistic, just like the rest of Stark’s house, with just a hint of what he guessed was actually the guy’s personality. A couple of bright paintings, a record player with a stack of vinyls adjacent to it, photos of nice cars and pet projects he’d worked on. Tony was completely at ease as he strode in, just like he had millions of times before.
“You’re never going to catch them. You’ll always be chasing your tail while the team stays three steps ahead.”
“We hurt each other.” Tony interjected as honey eyes followed the super soldier’s left arm. “But at least you got an upgrade out of it. That’s some sweet tech.”
“Buck is uh, back in cryo while our… friend, figures out how to help wipe all the mind control stuff out. Tony, would you just—look at me? I’ve avoided them all up until now, this wouldn’t be any different.”
I hope it wasn’t too terrible. Thanks for reading!
“What was it that you said about finally calling me by my name, huh? Or doing work in the bedroom? Wanna remind me of that?” Exhaling deeply, the detective ran a hand through his hair. He couldn’t help being a bastard. Leaning backward to snub the cigarette on the ashtray, Steve rolled his shoulders and slipped off his suspenders. He promptly moved over to Tony and slid his hands underneath the dark sweater, raising it above his shoulders and over his head.
Stark huffed out a laugh and stretched, languid and catlike, on the bed beside the other.
As they break away and Steve opens his door to let Tony leave, the blonde levels him with a sultry look Tony didn’t even know Steve was capable of. “Don’t keep me waiting too long.”
Pouting, Tony turned to glare at Rogers, who was obnoxiously spread out in his seat. “Move.”
“Hey sugar-bear, miss me yet? How are the braces holding up?” Tony hums in-lieu of a proper greeting.
“A guy done me wrong.” Tony lamented sarcastically, letting his amber eyes look up through a fan of lashes. “What’s your story,
Tony would definitely convince this guy to take him to bed.
Tony of course has his own quip ready and he doesn’t miss the way that Zemo seems so unimpressed. What exactly was this about? Zemo goes on speaking, exchanging words with Rogers about Vienna and how the man had spent the last year. He’d been following and studying them for an entire
“We’re still the leading name on clean energy, Pep and King Kitty, sorry ladies,” Tony grins sheepishly at them when they glare, “King T’Challa asked for me, so I’m kind of obligated to go.”
That— Bucky definitely didn’t expect that. Actually, he hadn’t expected Tony to be here at all. Bucky had planned on being snubbed and ignored, maybe even insulted by his soulmate. This was infinitely worse. Bucky wasn’t prepared at all for Tony to actually give him the time of day.
“I’m sorry, what?”
“If you’re not gonna help me contact Tony, then I’m gonna go and do it myself.”
“I’m sure you’d like that. Hell, I’d like it. Guess it’s an easy out to take if you think you can’t make me say your name. Don’t worry, honey,  I understand.” Tony was grinning up at him, tongue lapping at the thumb on his lip
“So, someone zapped you with a Neuralyzer, and now you’re missing some very prominent memories.”
“So… rain check?” Tony asked haltingly as he slipped back into last nights clothes.
too drunk last night. At first, he told Rhodes that he was full of shit; no freaking way had he drunk texted
“Best not to linger, Chuckles, people will talk.”
Tony to his credit, only smirked. Darn, looks like the cat was out of the bag, though who was he really kidding? Someone with a name as big as him could never keep it under wraps for long.
Steve’s eyes cut to the other, slightly taken aback at the mention of robotics. Robotic patterns? He wasn’t even sure what the hell that meant. Okay, so maybe there was more that met the eye to the rich fuckboy. Instead of saying anything about it, he simply nodded, gaze turning to the window as the car peeled out of the driveway, quickly turning individual trees into a blur of brown and white and shades of gray.
Wilson ran a hand over his face, the notebook in his hands dangling loosely between his fingers. It was clear he was resisting the urge to comment something snarky, but he managed to reel himself in.
“And for good reason too, we all know how you get,” Rhodes (the traitor) added in, sharing a knowing grin with Pepper.
Tony’s blinking stupidly at the familiar set of car keys dangling from those thick fingers and for a split second, he’s too distracted by them to react. Steve must’ve swiped them when pushing through the door.
“Well, great. Perfect. Ross is going to tear me a new one.”
It was a stretch. Tony was probably at some expensive high-end club with Pepper or Rhodes. He wouldn’t just abandon them to quell his interest. Maybe. Rogers was counting on the fact Tony wouldn’t let Steve one up him. Steve didn’t receive any replies after that and after half an hour, he gave up on waiting. Oh well… so much for that. Maybe Tony had found someone else to keep him entertained for the night. Rogers wrinkles his nose at the mere idea of it but realistically, Tony didn’t belong to him in any way, shape or form. He couldn’t let himself get any ideas. The super-soldier begins tidying up his den and is just putting away his materials when suddenly there is a loud pounding on his front door. Steve is immediately on high alert… that is until he hears Stark’s voice waking up everyone on his floor.
Wasn’t Bucky with Rogers?
“Clearly you can’t be trusted to bring them in. We’ll be defaulting those special missions to another, more capable team.”
“Adam,” Tony’s eyes are commanding him to go along with it as if he thought Rogers was stupid enough to use his real identity. “Je suis désolé, chéris, on dirait que ma date est arrivée.” Stark hums without missing a beat.
“Bucky, you haven’t seen Tony since Siberia.”
“Natasha, these are my best friends, Tony and James.”
a great time to drop this big of a bomb on him. Why did Rogers think this was a good idea?
Well, Rogers hadn’t been kidding when he said that it everything had been taken care of. In two hours flat, Tony was being summoned to Stark Tower by a mildly confused Pepper. As soon as he stepped through the door, two sharp dressed women addressed him, instantly confirming his theories. The Rogues were in Wakanda. Tony put on his best bullshit smile and waved Pepper off, going along with whatever the women said he was needed for.
Barnes blinks in self suspicion. He
“Oh, I’m just thinking ahead here,” Steve deadpanned, shrugging as if asking another how much it would take to yell his name was something he did every other Tuesday. The words left his mouth as Tony got his shirt over his shoulders and holy shit, what an expression. The guy was practically drooling, eyes wandering over his torso and making Rogers shudder.
“Dick.” The genius mumbled as Rhodey covered his laugh by taking a sip of his own drink.
That right there, was absolutely not fair. That was playing dirty and Steve knew it.
Bucky was pretty damn excited.
his problem, was the fact that he couldn’t keep his mind from drifting back to seeing Steve. Steve, who looked too fucking good for someone on the run.
[Tony Stark, 2:43 Am]
The next time Tony saw Rogers and Barnes, the darker haired man absolutely split a side laughing, while the other glared. If looks could kill, Tony would have been a dead man.
going to hell for this.
Rhodey and Tony showed up early in the morning, sometimes stumbling on little doodles on sticky notes stuck onto the front door of the shop. Sometimes it was full-on paintings or sketches that they hung on the walls.
The brunette had even signed it with a little heart and everything. Turns out the car had actually belonged to Barnes and not Rogers.
Rogers smiles to himself as he pushes his sunglasses up his nose. “I’m aware. I’ll keep in touch.”
A dark-haired man, Bruce, scoffed, arms crossed over his chest as Wilson looked on encouragingly. “That kid is spoiled. Never had a job, always got away with his late parents’ and, more recently, Fury’s money. Got sent to MIT at fifteen. We all expected more from him but after graduation and all that, he’s been— well, he’s not here, is he?”
War torn hands planted themselves square on Tony’s chest, shoving him backward and onto his bed. Steve was pretty sure he’d never even seen that nice of a bed before, let alone fuck around on one. First time for everything, he guessed. Glancing down at Stark as he loosened his tie and stripped if off, he grinned crookedly.
“Please for the love of God, Tony, wait until— Oh hi.”
Stark’s face softens just a fraction. “You too, Cap.”
Tony swallows thickly and shakes his head, hand outstretched for the device. Oh boy, he’s gonna get it now.
! Tony!”
Steve grabs him anyway and pulls him in. “Tony stop.” Blue eyes roll when Tony refuses to look at him and Steve cups Tony’s jaw. “I didn’t say I didn’t want you. I just want you to be
Tony was definitely praying to all the late great scientists that Pepper wouldn’t see through his bullshit.
Rhodey looked severely unimpressed, “That’s your biggest takeaway from all of this?”
The billionaire runs nimble fingers through chestnut curls, eyes landing on the small, black oval shape that lay in front of him. This stupid thing had been burning a hole in his pocket ever since he’d returned from Bordeaux. He didn’t know what spurred him to move it from the top drawer of his dresser to his person. It had felt weighty and awkward at first, and not just because this technology belonged in a museum. It hardly ever left his person now though, a little, somewhat comforting object he could fiddle with in his pocket. Never mind what it actually did, what he
There was a pregnant pause on the other side of the line before the colonel sighed again. Jeez, Rhodey did that a lot these days. “
the right time.
The glass of bourbon clinked against the desk in surprise, the large fingers wrapped around it going slack in shock. Nicholas J. Fury, probably the most famous spy-thriller novelist to ever exist, dead by suicide? And—wow. That was a lot of money. Huh. Detective Steve Rogers glared at the envelope in front of him as he raised his drink to his lips again, mentally demanding the newspaper clip to hand over its secrets. Strange, that he was given all this to investigate after Fury’s death was ruled a suicide. It was also strange that this whole thing was anonymous. Who the hell hired him?
He’s clearly joking. That’s all this was. Steve liked to poke Tony just as much as Tony like to poke Steve. That could be the only explanation. He hadn’t ever really showed anything but contempt for him so… why in hell would he change his mind now? Tony laughs, like the idiot he is. Because he
Tony only scoffed, refusing to acknowledge his chosen accents.
Tony took the flowers gingerly, amber eyes appraising the arrangement. It was no prize-winning thing but the flowers were clearly chosen with purpose. Jonquils and orange roses; wait, what?
“Uh, Stark— “
Wilson’s smile quickly faded as Stark blew right past him. “Anthony Stark, my name is Detective Sam Wilson and if you don’t mind, I’d like to have a word—“ nope?
“So,” Tony began, raising the bouquet to take in the sweet, floral scent, “you helped pick these out, hm?”
Tony hit him back by hot gluing a bunch of flowers to the shop windows.
—just something.
It didn’t leave much wiggle room, sky blue eyes landing on Stark as a puff of smoke left his lips, which quirked upward in a smirk. It was fucking stupid, that oh so polite way of saying “stay the fuck in place,” those glinting eyes and slip of a grin being directed at him. Yeah right. As if anyone here truly thinks that Tony won’t jump back into his Audi and get the hell out of fuck town.
“Sam! It’s good to see you again, I’m glad everything got sorted out.”  Pepper greeted the man (Sam, Tony catalogues) warmly.
“Think it’s the other way around here, Stark,” he roughed out, biting and kissing on the brunette’s throat, jawline, ears, lips. Anything he could, barely realizing the cigarette was still dangling in between his index and middle finger. “You’re the one who’s not going anywhere.”
Justin Hammer?
The brunette scoffs and crosses his arms, “I disagree.
’ all week long while the two set up shop. Tony had figured things would go on as they did, maybe even better now with all the new man-candy around.
“So, not only did you let Batroc escape after we’d been tracking him for months, but you also,” Ross slams a glossy magazine down on the desk with a loud
“Well, nice of you to finally join us, Stark.” Fury turns that one piercing eye on him.
A gala. There was always a fucking gala. Tony thought that he had left these stupid things behind when he decided to separate from Stark Industries and leave Pepper in charge. Unfortunately for him, it was still his name on the building and everything that came out of it and he was the poster child for all the charitable donations, it was his money after all. He’d just really been hoping that Pep would let him be and take the heat for him.
Oh. So that’s what this was.
The mechanic puts down his glass of wine, Rogers watching the way his body slightly stiffens up, prepares for an attack. Only he’d be able to catch something like that on Tony. Those whiskey eyes are round with surprise for a split second before the mask slams on, a well practiced smile nearly blinding Steve and the crowd around them.
“So, what’s the plan here? Bang and clear or are you still trying to sneak around?”
It happens again. A little more than a month since the night before the meeting and the day of. Stark must be going for a record because it’s a lot earlier than last time. Steve’s comfortable on his couch, feet up on the coffee table and his sketching materials strewn about him when his phone goes off.
going to process this right now. They were on a mission after all.
“And it’s not very
Why was his vision suddenly growing cloudy? Why were his eyes hot? Oh. Tony watched a droplet hit the paper below. God damn it. No. He didn’t have time to wallow. The rest goes on to speak about the Accords, how Steve wished they could see eye to eye but that he understands that Tony was doing what he believed was right, just like he was. Stark swipes at his face and nearly jumps out of his skin when FRIDAY’s voice announces a call from Secretary Ross.
Steve’s face pinched in confusion at the seemingly random question. “Uh, who, Buck?”
The police weren’t supposed to let anyone besides family enter the grounds, so why the shit was an R8 speeding around the bend and into the view of the entire family? The dogs outside went absolutely wild as a man stepped out, causing Steve to roll his eyes.
“There’s got to be some kind of mistake, I mean, you’re joshing me, right?”
Steve.”
“But it’s
Naturally, Tony turned his music up even louder.
Seems the feeling was mutual.
Tony walked his fingers up the taut plain of Rogers’ stomach, having
This was actually happening.
did Tony miss him too.
do with it. Tony hadn’t quite hit that level of fuck it just yet but… he was seriously getting there.
They weren’t at that stage anymore. No matter that the blonde was his literal soulmate, they weren’t involved any longer.
“And what? Have Ross, Interpol, and the Council up my ass? No thank you, I’ve been thoroughly fucked enough as it is…” Tony pauses and rolls the glass in his hands for a moment, “So just you? No…”
Some kind of closure that would allow him to forget Rogers and Barnes all together and allow him to move on. Leave it to Steve Rogers to always know where to hit him.
Of course, Tony immedeately halted.
“That was not funny  she totally knew.”  Steve scolded Tony.
“Night’s not over yet, Steve.” Tony teased, eyes twinkling. “so much can still happen.”
“Come for me, sweetheart. “ he panted, slamming into Tony a few times more before the genius came all over his hand and shook through his orgasm.
“So.” Tony smiled, gently rubbing Steve’s hip as they snuggled after their post coital nap. “What was that?”
“I do, but it’s too much. I can’t imagine how much this has cost.”
The alarm blared and shook Tony from his, frankly delightful, sleep. His mood turned even more sour when he realised what the alarm was for. The packed bag of Steve’s belongings being an extra reminder, it got a stink eye from Tony, just for that.
“so you’ve met someone, did you get laid?”
“I love seeing you in my clothes.” Steve blurted out when he saw Tony in the large shirt, and Tony couldn’t supress a smile when he saw that Steve’s eyes had darkened.
“I think I will, Bucky and I always bought fried squid and French fries on the pier of Coney Island when we were young. We haven’t done that since he got together with Tasha two years ago, but maybe we should.”
Tony sucked in a breath, because these  piercing emerald green eyes and raven locks certainly were beautiful. He could totally see how Steve would get aroused by this gorgeous man, hell, Tony was intrigued too.
“How deliciously misschieveous you are. All right, I am, as they say,  game.”
A picture of those glorious ass cheeks, a plug neatly nestled between them.
“I am.”  Steve had had the brains of going to the clinic to get tested, he grabbed his phone and showed Tony the proof.
“Show him our arguments, boys.” The man said, and gorilla number one grinned as he cracked his knuckles. Tony swallowed heavily.
“Huh, wha?” Steve mumbled when the door of the bedroom swung open and sunlight streamed in.
When the show ended, the actors received a standing ovation and Steve and tony walked out feeling excited and elated.
"I want to fuck your pretty throat." Steve repeated."and I'm going to make you drink my load. What's your colour for that, baby?"
Apparently, Tony got cuddly after sex, because as soon as Steve laid down next to him, Tony plastered himself to Steve’s side. A tanned leg was thrown over Steve’s own and tony buried his head in the crook of Steve’s neck.
Steve shot a picture of his chest and groin and sent it.
“With a bit of tweaking, they could use it to power weapons. “
“Can’t believe you’re here. That you came for me.” Tony whispered, and Steve melted.
“Me too,” Tony pulled the document from the bedside table drawer.
"Still green?" Steve assumed, but still asked.
https://twitter.com/eriotafterdark/status/1384890374326521859?s=20
Tony makes true on a promise
“Thats why you’re dating a millionaire, honey.”  Tony winked. “you’re arm candy.”
‘You’re a heathen. Woops gotta go, my secretary is scolding me for leaving the plane waiting, I’ll text you after the flight.’
“No Honey, My name is Tony. Tony Stark.”
“Tony.” Steve gasped, as the Brunet’s tongue dipped into his navel.
That’s fucking hot.
“sensitive.” He whimpered, reaching back to make Tony stop.
“I am terribly sorry, you’re beautiful, but I don’t top.”
“First date selfie “ Steve agreed with a smile. They put their heads together and Tony snapped the pic, sending it to Steve.
Hi guys!
“Of course you will Steve, he's gonna get home safe and sound, just you wait.” He whispered to his best friend.
“All it takes is someone sucking that gorgeous cock, do you say that to everyone you take a tumble in the sheets with?” the brunet joked, but Steve shook his head.
He pressed the call button, and to his surprise the call was answered.
Steve grinned and opened the camera, he pointed it at his chest and teased his nipples with the piercings, a moan escaping his mouth. Then he sent the video to the man.
“you’re just saying that because I promised to ride your dick.” Tony joked, and then kissed Steve.”just kidding, I know you think I’m beautiful.”
“I am now.”
“sweetheart, you okay?” Steve cautiously placed a hand on Tony’s knee, which caught the engineer’s attention
“Yes, I’ll send you the pictures.”
“Good morning indeed, sweetheart.” Steve smiled and kissed Tony. “Where did that voice come from?”
“Hmmm, taste like bubblegum.” He smiled, short from hopping up and down his chair. He then grabbed a waffle and dipped it in the whipped cream, Steve following his lead.
Tony’s grin got wider
A shudder ran through Tony's body.
“Go to sleep honey. I’ll talk to you in the morning, and maybe if you like I could come over this weekend.” Steve said, fingers itching to reach out and feel Tony’s silk looking hair under them.
“hmmhmm never happened before.” Tony nodded, and Steve couldn’t help the goofy smile taking over his face. All right, maybe he was a bit smug for making Tony feel so good he’d slipped into another language entirely.
“WHAT THE FUCK I WAS SO CLOSE YOU BASTARD.” The brunet yelled, and then moaned as Steve turned the vibrations right up again.
"Don't worry, my good boy deserves all the pleasure he wants."
Tony got pale, and the only thought in his mind was :'Fuck, not Steve!’
“Oh yeah I can definitely ride you.”
‘Thank you! It’s nice being able to show them off to someone. I often feel quite lonely.’
‘I bet you would make me feel safe. Enjoy your lunch, text me the address later and I’ll make sure the Heli is there at 9 tomorrow morning.’
“So,” Bucky said, while they were lapping around the park. ”What did you want to tell us?”
“Oh Tony, you’re so sweet.” Steve sighed and kissed and hugged Tony again.”but you know I need to go back to work...”
“I’d love to see them.”
For now find the art here
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
“Tony I swear I would never cheat on you, and I think you’re the prettiest man on earth.” Steve looked stressed and miserable, and Tony kissed him.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Tony asked, cupping Steve’s jaw.
'Guess you're not going to pick up. Maybe you'll answer texts? Please honey, we had such fun. Tell me you just needed some time.’’
Tony swallowed and murmured something, and then moaned as Steve softly stroked his cock.
“Out and proud.”
"I'm going to wreck your mouth baby, fuck the sass right out of it." He promised, and Tony's eyes widened.
Tony was impatiently pacing the lobby of stark tower. Awaiting the U-Haul that would bring Steve’s stuff over.
“Me too honey, want to touch and kiss you so bad.”
“Tony, have you seen...? “ Pepper came into the office.”oh, hi Steve.”
“We’ll have the rainbow cup, with waffles, oh and whipped cream!”Tony said .
“Sir?” A voice sounded. Tony groaned and snuggled closer to Steve.
“A nude portrait, Tony, he wanted a nude portrait.” Steve half moaned.”and he was gorgeous, almost in the same range as you.”
"Good boy."
“Okay, babydoll, sure, we can do that.” Steve agreed. Tony whispered a thank you and leaned over to pull something from under his bed.
He didn’t see the shock on Steve’s face until the blond was quiet for a tad too long. Then he looked up from his hiding place and saw the look on his beloved’s face.
It was a few minutes, and Steve was washing the dishes, when the promised photo came. Above that glorious ass, which was filled with three fingers, he could see a bronze back and dark hair. Hmm so a brunette then?
Steve couldn’t help a grin at the ramble he got in reply and lazily stroked his cock for a few minutes. Then his phone pinged again and good lord, Steve was not prepared. Not in the slightest.
https://twitter.com/eriotafterdark/status/1384890374326521859?s=20
“You’re all flustered, sweetheart.” He pecked Tony on the nose. “we should get going. The heli’s waiting.”
“hey Happy.” Tony grinned. “steves my assistant for the day!”
Together, they walked towards the struggling artist.
‘I’m sorry to hear that honey. I know the feeling.’
Steve didn’t know what to start with, his entire plate looked like an artwork, far too beautiful to eat.
“oh my god this chocolate ice cream is amazing. “ he gushed, scooping another spoon and holding it out for Steve to taste. It was indeed delicious and Steve smiled again.
Steve’s phone pinged a few hours later, and he was curious who'd text him at work. It was the new number.
Tony seemed to be back asleep, his grip in Steve somewhat weaker, and Steve closed his eyes as well. The warm body in his arms and the faint smell of Tony’s shampoo made him relax and he drifted off not much later.
Tony grinned broadly.
‘You wearing a suit? Being naughty at work, huh?’ Steve texted.
That made Steve flush and Tony flashed him a satisfied grin, leaning back in his chair and musing to himself.
He turned the vibrations up and immediately got a snapchat, moans revibrated through the room, a faint buzzing heard in the background. Steve grinned, oh this beauty was completely at his mercy, he turned the vibrations all the way up and the next snapchat was the curvy brunet screaming in pleasure.
“Is it weird that I’m so comfortable around you?” he asked softly. Steve smiled and played with Tony’s fingers.
Steve opened the app and searched the given user name, he quickly found it. He added it to his friends list and quickly got a text from Iron man.
https://twitter.com/eriotafterdark/status/1384890374326521859?s=20
“need a hand?” Loki smiled at him, and Tony grinned.
“Steve, you okay?” he asked, worried he’d said something stupid without thinking about it.
“And you’re going to see him tomorrow.”
“Auwtch.” Bucky flinched. “still, he was into it and he had a great body. Why you ignoring him, Stevie?”
They both blushed and were a bit shy all of the sudden, Steve’s hand falling away from Tony’s cheek as Tony’s left his arm.
“He’s here for me? What?” Steve said, then shuddered as Tony licked his neck.
“I take it you like it.” He breathed. Tony chuckled and licked the other nipple teasingly, before continuing downward and lavishing the six-pack Steve worked so hard for.
A sniffle.
“Indeed he wouldn’t, so now we're kind of waiting for the kidnappers to get in touch to negotiate other ransom.” She sounded stressed out.
“i know you've been worried and all that but I was kinda hoping we could play? Really get my mind of things...” he curled into himself, arms around his body and head low, as if he didn’t know if he could ask for it . (of course he could, Steve’d do anything for Tony at this point.)
Tony swallowed and looked at the man.
“i’m so giving you the best blowjob of your life once we get into the shower.”he promised, making Steve laugh.
For now find the art here
“Hey Pepper. Tony is using the bathroom for a moment.” Steve said, trying to keep a straight face because Tony kept sucking and that wicked tongue of his did sinful things.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
“Yeah and it’s going to make me sad, so you should stay here in my bed and cuddle me some more.” Tony demanded, firmly pulling Steve’s arms back around him.
Now that caught Steve’s interest.
“I saw posters for a theatre show on the way, do you want to go and see if we can get tickets?” Tony proposed.
“Hey Steve?”
“Love you more.” Tony smirked, eyes shining.
Steve was crying now. Tony was okay, he was coming home in one piece, they’d get to talk.
Tony flushed and nodded.
“Tones?” he asked, which made Tony look up and flash a dazzling smile his way.
“Yeah, you want breakfast, honey?” Steve smiled, and tony opened his eyes. Humming appreciatively while his eyes drifted over Steve.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
“It’s alright sweetheart.” Steve said, turning his head to kiss Tony’s temple. “All good.”
“You have no idea.  And I might not get to tell him how I feel .”
“hmmm breakfast.” Tony murmured, smacking his lips.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
“I didn’t know you knew Loki?” he smiled, and Tony’s eyes shone with mirth.
"Friday, clear my schedule."
Immediately, Tony’s free hand flew to his cock, jerking off slowly.
“Noooo, Tony. Please. I need...” steve moaned.
‘Gorgeous, doll.’
“Dig in!” Tony said happily. Already taking a big spoon of orange  coloured ice  cream.
Now, Steve couldn’t have that. His hand tightened around the base of Tony’s cock, making the engineer yelp and preventing him from coming as Steve’s thursts got even harder.  He was now really hammering into Tony.
“I’d like that.”
“Whatever it is, I’m not working along with it. I get the evil vibe from you.” Tony scowled.
“Au contraire, Mon Ami. I am a giver, and I like to spoil my guy. So if it’s you he wants, it’s you he gets. With your consent, ofcourse.”
'oh, show me?’
Tony  couldn’t stop smiling, and he giggled as he offered Steve a chocolate covered strawberry on the way home. Earning him a kiss and a strawberry in return.
Now, there is a gun on the back of his closet, on the top self so he can’t reach it without a chair. Getting a chair will give him the few extra seconds to slow down if the need to hold the cold metal in his hands comes overbearing. It has worked so far.
And that is how he ended up on the floor. There was a small puddle in front of him, but he just didn’t care, none of it mattered. And why the better times were the worst? Because the drop back down felt devastating. It was another failure, another time when he had tried. Made a change, tried a new outlook and a new way to present himself and once again it had failed. Tried to achieve a connection, but never succeeded.
But once again he miscalculated and it had all been in his head and not real. The reality had slapped him in the face when he had been leaving the uni that day, just walking and thinking how well the week had gone. He had noticed a group walking closely infront of him,  three of the people he had spend a bit more time now, smiling and even making some jokes. Some of them sat with him in lecture too.
And hopefully the next night would be dreamless (it never was).
The chatter went on around him and every once in a while he would have eye contact with somebody and nod his head and make an affirmative noise that yes, he totally agreed on that subject.
It was the first time this happened. His mother must know that he had some issues in his life, maybe a hint that he did spend a lot of his time alone. He wasn’t able to rise to his full potential and his father and all but abandoned the idea of him ever being anything a few years ago.
And now, tears welling up in his eyes and few shaky sobs escaping his mouth, he just wanted it to all end. It was all too much and he was tired. So tired. He was forced to live his life, even if he had never asked for it.
'The lingering feelings of the dream that finally woke him up felt like they were tearing his heart apart.
‘Be quiet, be quiet, be quiet…’
He didn’t want a graveside. All he wished was a forest where his ashes would be spread.
His mother had always been the only and only person who he could turn to. They weren’t close, they didn’t share feelings but his presence had been accepted with her. He knew he had been using her, spilling words out of his mouth without a floodgate and it had helped him. He never got much answers back but for some strange reason, after those visits he felt like his insides were a bit more organized. There would be small moments where he felt ‘normal’, almost like a memory resurfacing as a feeling and his thoughts were aligned and in order.
And with the week ending up on a good note was maybe cheering him up a bit. Or at least it wasn’t taking him down like what happened on those days when he didn’t manage himself in the outside world and when he felt that he had made a total fool of himself when trying to pretend that he had social skills.
Now the dreams had been plagued with loneliness. Other people saying it to his face how disgusting he was, how out of place. How nobody liked him. It had hurt so bad. In the dream, he had gone to complain about it politely, that you could not treat people that way. But the person he had been trying to tell it seemed uninterested, like it didn’t matter. Even when in the dream they should have cared, it had happened under their surveillance (his dreams were weird, he wasn’t sure where he had been but he knew that they should have cared and they didn’t).
“Tell me I’m a good boy?” Tony asked, voice small.
Baby of mine”
The pace they had built up to was quickly increased as Steve felt Tony's hand on his thigh, sneaking up to his ass to give it a slap: the sign he wanted more.
‘Hmmm look at that lollipop, I’d lick it real good for you😉.’ Came the reply. Steve flushed and almost chocked on a blueberry he was eating.
“Ah... Ah... Gonna come.” He whimpered.
‘you got it.’
“Colour?” Tony asked, just to be sure.
Steve grinned.
It had been a week since Tony went missing and Steve hadn’t heard from Virginia Potts yet, despite her promise. He was a nervous wreck, every day that Tony didn’t come home was a day where he potentially lost his life. He couldn’t focus on his work and it showed in the quality. Bucky and Natasha saw their friend crumbling before their very eyes and decided to do something about it.
“Someone with you who took the picture?” Steve asked.
‘Bed. Sleepy.’
The waitress returned and took their  order, promising them the food would be there soon. She handed them their drinks while they waited.
“He’s coming home.”
“Let’s make it even better, touch yourself sweetheart, give your cock some attention. I can’t wait to suck it real nice for you one day.”
“You calling me sweetheart, I liked that.”
"Put me down." Tony simply sighed. He didn't even fight.
Another picture popped up on Steve’s screen. The other had orgasmed too and sent Steve a picture of the result.
“Yeah maybe. I wonder what the press will think of that. “ Tony mused, still rolling his hips. Steve bit his lip to hold back a whimper.
“As if I want to bury my face anywhere other than between your miles of legs.” Bucky kissed his sweetheart.”hello babydoll.”
‘cant wait honey. Want to hold you so bad.’
“A date huh? Sure, Tony, you can take me on a date.”
“Steve, oh, you’re here.” Tony all but threw himself into Steve’s arms, and Steve understood Tony must have dreamt about the abduction.
Steve didn’t reply and just kissed Tony senseless again, directing them to the bedroom and proceeding to absolutely pound Tony through the mattress.
“you all right there, sweet thing?” Steve smiled at him, before pulling his shirt over hi head, and oh now Tony wanted to lick those abs. He would definitely have to tie Steve down sometime and try that. Yup, that had to happen as soon as possible.
When he saw Tony blink a few times, he went to caress his lovers hair.
“Sorry.” The brunet blinked. “kinda got lost in my own head for a minute, there. “
“We’re both clean, so throw that condom out and make a mess of me.” he challenged Steve, his eyes full of lust. Steve just kissed him again and soothingly rubbed Tony’s hip as he pushed in. He had, after all, no doubt about how big he was.
“I’m going to finger you open, and then I’ll just slide into you and fuck you hard and deep until you forget your own name. I’ll make true on my promise, you won’t be sitting comfortably for a week.” He whispered huskily,  making Tony shiver.  Steve added a second finger and kissed Tony deeply. Their tongues fought for dominance and Tony was rolling his hips to get more of the fingers inside him.
Steve swallowed and decided to take a chance.
“Stevie!” Bucky greeted him.
“You’re so beautiful Tony, you have no idea what I want to do to you.” He whispered in Tony’s ear, biting lightly on the man’s earlobe. A full body shudder ran through Tony’s frame.
“So good, still pleasuring yourself, doll?”
Steve chuckled and twisted the bar through one of his nipples as he texted his lover back.
“We can donate to stonewall or to other foundations that help LGBTIQ persons.”Pepper proposed, and that didn’t sound half bad, to be honest. Tony nodded, this plan could work.
For now find the art here
“Doesn’t he look pretty like this?” Tony’s voice sounded. Steve nodded dumbly as he took in the pants and Keens that only got higher as Loki moved his hips trying to take Steve deeper.
She patted his shoulder and left. Steve stripped to his boxers and got into bed.  He slept until Bucky came to wake him up to go for dinner, but he had slept fretfully , dreaming of Tony.
"What do you want?" Steve asked the engineer, and Tony sighed and nuzzled the captain's cock.
“Sensitive nipples huh?” Tony grinned, coming up. Steve bit his lip and nodded.
“Mmnight.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
“Tony?” he asked sleepily. Tony whimpered and look around wildly.
“Promised I’d make you feel good, baby boy.” Steve smiled, scratching Tony’s scalp lightly. Tony hummed appreciatively.
He nodded and lubed up his fingers, shuffling off Tony's shoulders and in between Tony's legs. He teased Tony's rim for a bit, getting it nicely wet and lubed up, before carefully working his first finger in.
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
Tony just made a noise deep in his throat, and Steve looked at him fondly, before kissing him.
“Yes, just please... Please ..” Tony begged again, Steve groaned and turned the vibrations all the way up.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were an adorable little baby?” Tony asked, sitting up and holding out the book for Steve to see.”look at those sweet blues.”
“Yes! Please don’t mother me, I just want some fun, okay?”  Tony sounded tired.
“Oh, oh so now my sexuality is an idea, an invention? Like the inventions I made, and have patents on, patents that could force you guys to stop making them, I might add.”Tony sneered. He calmed down a little when he felt pepper’s hand on his.
For now find the art here
“Boyfriends sounds fantastic. I'd love to be able to call you my boyfriend, Tony. “
When he finally came down again Tony was sprawled across the bed, blinking sleepily at the screen.
“Do it. Come for me.”
“You’re a menace.” He said fondly, kissing Tony. The other man melted into his arms , and an awkward cough made them realise that they were not alone.
The man with the mask returned eventually.
‘Is this because of my image? Because Steve I swear I’m not the playboy they make me out to be.’
"Much better." Tony sighed. "Thank you, Steve."
‘I’ll wait.’
“Add another finger sweetheart, go ahead.” Steve told him, and Tony immediately obeyed. His moans got louder and Steve groaned, hand pulling at his cock. His eyes fixed on the screen before him, other hand playing with his piercings.
"Colour?" He checked.
“peachy.” Steve forced a smile. Pepper shot him a weird look and then got back to Tony, who was now slowly rolling his hips on Steve.
“your legs will be under the desk. She won’t see your cock is in my ass.” Tony said, lifting himself up and sliding himself down Steve’s cock with a content sigh.
“Ahw you want to touch so bad, it’s adorable.” Tony cooed. He kissed Steve and trailed a hand over the ripped stomach, watching Steve’s eyes darkening from up close.
“You taking that?” Tony smiled.”because I can assure you that their lamb roast is sublime.”
Tony grumbled and dove deeper into Steve’s embrace, hiding his face in his boyfriend’s neck so he could take in the mix of Steve’s smell and the faint remnants of his cologne.
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
"Good boy." Steve said tenderly, watching bliss forming on Tony's face.
“Yeah, I like it hard.”
“OH.” Tony chocked out.
“Hmmm.” Steve said, savouring the taste. “that’s really good. “
“Definitely doing this again, sweetheart.”
“So if I help you, they stay unharmed ?”
Steve groaned when Tony’s cock slipped in right as he gently placed a hand over Loki’s nek. Loki moaned loudly and shivered, his hands flying up to grab Steve’s wrist.
He smiled when he heard the telltale ping of a text message coming from the living room while he was cooking. He took the finished plate of broccoli puree and sausages to the dining area and grabbed his phone.
Loki, apperantly, was a screamer. His voice almost feminine as he reached his peak. Steve finished not much later with a grunt that sounded from deep within, as if they’d pushed the air out of him.
“Not really, well... It is my business, but mostly that of my boyfriend. “ Tony said, and when Loki just stared at him blankly, he looked over his sunglasses.”Steve Rogers, the artist?”
“Of course, Tony, I’m all yours.” Steve promised with a peck on the lips, before stretching out next to Tony. ”Explore all you want.”
“And that’s scandalous in which way?” Tony quirked an eyebrow. “really, I don’t see why your nose is in my business...”
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
“Yeah, ‘mhere.” he slurred, Steve chuckled.
“Kind of want to explore you, get my mouth on you. I’ve been told I’m good with it, but I really want to this time. Can I?”
“But it’s your sexting buddy!”
“aren’t you going to pick that up?” Bucky asked. Steve shook his head and Bucky took the phone.
“Uh oh...”  Steve mumbled, as Tony swore up a storm.
‘or maybe I should work my fingers inside one by one?’
------Steve-----
“So close.”
“Ahw honey. Don’t be cross, you just blush so prettily, I can’t help it.”Tony said with an apologetic smile, right before the door opened again.
“No, no. I want you to kiss me.” To emphasise this, Steve was kissed again, and fingers laced through his.
“I still have to get used to be able to do that now.”
“You’re simply gorgeous, darling.” Steve breathed, reaching to cup Tony’s jaw. ”absolutely breath taking.”
---------Tony--------
‘Wish you were here too X love a good suck job. My hand will have to do for now, what should I do with my other hand?’
“Wait.” Tony said. “Are you clean?”
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
Art by the amazing eriot, if someone can show me how to add it to the chapters I'd be extremely grateful
-	A few days later.-
'bet your hand would feel nicer on that hard on, wish I was there. Would gladly suck you .’
“Tell me.” Tony gasped, and Steve smirked.
“good morning, honey.” Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek, and that wouldn’t do. That wouldn’t do at all.
Steve found Tony’s prostate and made sure to push that sensitive spot each and every time, smiling when Tony didn’t hold back his moans of pleasure.
Steve snapped a picture of the painting he was doing. A lady with ruby red lips, perfectly curled hair and a red dress.
“Oh.”
“Steve?” Bucky's voice rang through the apartment, he had let himself in using the spare key Steve had given him in case of emergencies.
“you youngsters and your... Ideas...”
He was awoken the next morning by his phone pinging multiple times, he tiredly rubbed his eyes and grabbed his phone.
"Nope." Steve said. "time for some stress relief, don't you think?"
Steve fell still at that. He didn’t know how to reply. Luckily, another text message came in.
‘Please don’t leave me...’
Steve chuckled and took another bite, taking care to not make a sound this time. He liked teasing Tony, though, so he occasionally let sounds escape, especially when he had almost finished his food.
“Yes, come for me, sweetheart.” Steve groaned, hand flying over his cock. Tony came with Steve’s name on his lips, and that pulled Steve over the edge too.
'I'm having dinner. Nothing special. What do you want me to do to entertain you?’
“I’m here, you’re safe, we're safe.” Steve reassured Tony, holding him close and rubbing soothing circles over Tony’s back. Tony had buried his head in the crook of Steve’s neck and was still clinging to him.
“Gonna come, sweetheart?” Steve panted, hand flying over his own cock. Iron man whimpered and nodded, sinking through his elbows so the plug reached deeper.
"I thought my good boy deserves a treat." Steve grinned. "Oh, yes yes yes yes." The brunet said, eyes wide.
“Hungry, obviously.” Tony snapped. The man laughed.
“Oh, yeah. Just relax honey, Loki and I are going to enjoy taking you apart. “
“That means both of us, oh and for the record: Even though I’m sore, I absolutely love shower sex. “
He slid the vibrator into Tony and pushed the on button, making Tony orgasm instantly.  Then he turned the toy to the lowest setting, allowing Tony to come back down a bit , because what he had in mind required for Tony to be a bit more present.
When he came back to his senses, Tony was smiling down at him, softly threading a hand through his hair.
“Of course you can.” Steve allowed him, and Tony grabbed the big toy, before easing it slowly inside himself.
“I’d brace myself on one hand and fuck you good and hard while I jerk you off. “ Steve said, voice low and lust lacing through his words. Tony pushed the dildo in faster and with more force and jerked himself with the other hand.
"Take your fucking pick, I don't care." Tony muttered, already grabbing at Steve.
“Hmm you like that?” Tony smiled, Steve smiled and nodded, then gasped as Tony bent down and flicked the rod with his tongue. He moaned as Tony tongued his pierced nipples in turn, clever fingers playing with the one not occupied by that sinful mouth at that moment.
A sleepy smile, and Steve felt like his heart was close to bursting.
“Please, oh please.” He begged.
‘You, lonely? But you’re gorgeous.’
https://twitter.com/eriotafterdark/status/1384890374326521859?s=20
'painting/work'
https://twitter.com/eriotafterdark/status/1384890374326521859?s=20
“I know you wouldn’t, Stevie.” He said, and hugged his friend close. Steve buried his head into Bucky’s shoulder.
“hmmyeah.”
He took the picture and sent it to the guy he met on Grindr, his ears burning with shame and arousal. He’d never done this before, but he had to admit this was easier than picking someone up in the club.
“you should see yourself right now, Tony. You’re like an angel.” He said reverently.
They were in so much trouble.
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
“You look happy today.” Bucky whispered in his ear. “is it because I told you to install a certain app and you finally did so?”
‘So are you.’
“I still  can’t  believe you’re here.”  Tony breathed, and Steve chuckled. He took Tony’s hand.
Yeah, this had been a great idea.
‘You think I’m beautiful?’
“You're gonna get jealeous if someone else was to see me, touch me?” it sounded breathless. Steve hummed in agreement.
Steve had asked for a show, and boy did he get one. Tony was whriting on the bed, two fingers buried inside his ass.
The masked man tsked.
“What do you want, sweetheart?” Steve asked. ”Tell me how to make this good for you.”
‘Hmmm, came all over that sixpack for me, huh? Delicious. I’d clean you right up with my tongue.’
“you’re not burying your face anywhere other than between my legs.” Natasha said as she came walking by. She flicked Bucky’s ear.
They arrived at the ice cream parlor not much later and happy, their driver, opened the door.
“Steve?”
Steve hit the dial button and his call was Immediately answered. A breathy moan and panting coming over the speakers.
“No. You better not come until you’ve made me cum.” Tony said, grinning devilishly and kissing Steve. “So I’d work for it if I were you.”
“Bye sweetheart.”
“having fun, honey?”he asked, unable to stop a smile because Tony was so cute like that. Wriggling his but and scissoring his feet in the air.
“hmm good, I like thinking that only I get to see you this way.” Steve rumbled. He could turn on the filth as well as the next guy, and with this particular man it seemed to come naturally.
“I could buy you a gallery, and then you could just move in with me, no more flying back and forth, no more sleeping apart.” Tony said, still very much huffy.
“Steve…?” Tony asked, but then Steve dove in and licked a broad stripe across tony’s hole.
‘Like what you see?’ It came across as insecure, so Steve shot a picture of the mess he’d made.
“gonna come, Tony.” Steve breathed after a few minutes, his hands automatically trying to get free so he could touch his boyfriend. Tony slowed down to a dirty grind, enough to keep Steve on the edge but not enough to actually make him come.
Tony had been acting jittery and out of it all week. It had Steve worried, especially since he never seemed to be able to get Tony alone for some... Stress relief...
“Really? Will the other guests be okay with that?”
He slid in a third finger and curled them to put pressure on Tony’s prostate, making the brunet scream. Steve dotted Tony’s neck with kisses  while whispering sweet nothings.
“so, what do you think?” he grinned, and Steve’s wicked grin told him he was more than into it.
“See isn’t that better? Nice and warm?”
"Well, you know how much I love your mouth, right?" Steve asked, and Tony hummed in acknowledgement. He did notice Steve loved his mouth on him.
“Baby mine, don’t you cry
“Tony, you okay?”
“Tony, please, honey.”
“hmmm yeah.” The other said, voice high pitched.
'hmm the water feels nice  ...’
“they’ll have a field day, as usual with you.” Pepper smiled fondly.With these words, she turned around and walked out of the office. Tony slammed his laptop shut as soon as she was out.
“and you would be okay with that?” Loki enquired, raising an eyebrow.
In the end, Tony had been left alone…
“You really missed his funeral after a stupid fight? Jerk,” the sixteen-year-old spat, only to be practically laughed at. Even the rest of their family seemed just as angry with him. Usually, he was just tolerated, given the slip because he had dirt on everyone.
“W-well. Mazel Tov.” Stark huffs intelligently. This was the absolute last thing he’d ever expected. The Iron Man’s faceplate slams shut with finality; he was definitely
this was bad news—well. In a good way.
Steve’s hands ball at his sides. Why won’t Tony just listen for once in his life? He wants to apologize, to—clear the air at the very least. “I can’t take back what I did, I know that. But, Tones, I miss you.”
The tips of Steve’s ears and high on his perfect cheekbones flushed a pretty pink. “Wait what? Buck—my
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “You forget our afterhours are probably their business hours.”
“Hammer Industries,” he repeated, rolling the name off his tongue like he was trying to place it. And then he was distracted, eyes moving to the curve of Stark’s ass. Fair enough.
God, Tony was so infuriating sometimes. “Will you just listen to me? This is the first time I hear from you in nearly a year and I just—”
Natasha’s voice crackles a bit over his earpiece.
Fine. It was— he could handle it. He always had and he would continue to do so.
That road… “I
“Hm,” Steve resigned, the only one in the room to hear his words. He needed the money. And this was someone Sarah knew. The two had been friends all those years ago. Rubbing his thumb against the sweating glass, the detective pressed his lips together. His gut told him this was something important, even though he didn’t have much to go on.
Stark orders another bottle and motions for the tables in the corner of the room, private and conveniently facing the door. So… he was here on Batroc’s trail too. Tony’s uncharacteristically quiet as they take their respective seats, the brunette moving in much closer than Rogers would have expected, but he had called Rogers his date. The billionaire flashes another kilowatt smile at their server, thanking them for the bottle and handing off a tip before he focuses his attention on pouring them both a glass.
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin, almost toppling the large order he’d been concentrating on. Who the hell—
And then Ultron happened.
“Where is Anthony Stark?” Steve questioned, brow crinkling as he wandered over to the large piano in the corner of the room. When no one answered, his gaze met Pepper’s. “You, do you know?”
Barnes. Good to see you aren’t all
Rogers snorts, and Tony used the distraction to dip his fingers beneath the waistline of Steve’s bottoms, pulling them down and over his ass. Even still, he had Tony practically pinned. Tony being, well,
“And I just wanted to say thank you. For, you know, all of this.” Rogers interrupted him, leaving Tony speechless.
Tony watched those pretty pink lips wrap around the cigarette, schooling his face into a mask of disinterest at the quick comeback.
Steve offered a smile but said nothing. He didn’t want to cause too much drama, not yet. Not when they didn’t know if Fury’s death was a murder.
“Um, I didn’t know you two knew each other. If that were the case, we could have all been introduced sooner.” Pepper tried for a save but Tony was too busy gawking as Barnes also sauntered into view, looking far, far too attractive in his very own dress uniform.
Tony was asking about Bucky. Interesting.
A perfect brow arches.
Not Rogers missing him, like he claimed in Bordeaux. Not Rogers wanting to speak to him. Reconciliation was an afterthought, just something of convenience for Rogers since he assumed that Tony would bend to his will regardless. Tony’s chest tightens with anger? Heartache? God, he doesn’t know.
Zemo is Sokovian. Gosh, that was a hot subject for Tony these days wasn’t it? Tony watches Rogers face as he studied the other Zemo.
Consumed with grief, tears glistening in his eyes, Stark turns to Steve. “Did you know?”
It took three whole days for Rogers to show up at his door. Afterhours of course because Rogers was such a
Yeah, well no shit.)
Before Tony could ask, he heard his name being called over the PA system and he sighed heavily as the table (even Rogers) raucously cheered him on as he tried not to stumble towards the stage. He gave a speech. People cheered. They handed him some kind of award (Tony had lost count of them by now, he didn’t really care) and he headed back over to hand it to Pepper before informing the others he was going for another round of celebratory drinks.
soulmate, Stevie, he should be right here with us.”
of all people. But the universe always had a funny way of pulling one on him and there was definitely evidence on his phone. Hadn’t he made an override to this already? He would definitely be having a conversation with Friday about this later when his head didn’t feel like it was going to explode.
The hotel room was empty.
Tony finally finished for the day sometime around nine or ten at night. He was doing his usual rounds, tidying up the front of the shop before making his way over to set the alarm near the front door.
The proper arrangement had been made and delivered. It had been easy enough, and Tony was in at early hours of the morning to prepare the shop for sale hours. It had been hours before Rogers and Barnes arrived to find their unusual gifts.
Was a declaration of war.
“Depends on which daddy,” Tony answered playfully, pulling out his phone to scroll through messages as they walked through the threshold of the home. It’s a message from JARVIS. Interesting. A decorated war veteran. Born and raised in Brooklyn to a Sarah—  why did that name ring a bell? Never part of the police force. How strange.
But before he can get anything else out, Tony’s leaning over towards the phone and calling out, “Ah, please hold!” While Ross is shouting at him. What? Tony had told him he liked the red, blinky light.
General Ross’ face goes positively red with anger just as Tony shuts the door behind him. Christ. Where had that come from? Well, he was never any good at flying beneath the radar anyway.
“Anthon— Tony? No. No one has been able to get a hold of him. He...” Pepper ran a hand through her locks and sighed, exasperated. She looked at Officer Wilson and tried to word it the best she could. “Tony is— eccentric, I suppose. But he’s practically just a kid. Turned twenty-two last year. No one is surprised he’s not here. He’s usually absent from family gatherings. Oh, well except for the gathering for Nick’s birthday a few nights ago. He was there. Everyone saw him storm out of the house.”
After Tony filed into the main living room, he watched Steve take another count. It seemed like almost everyone else was here: Pepper Potts and her husband, Happy. Their 20-year-old daughter Natasha. Bruce Banner, his wife May, their younger kid Peter. Steven Strange, who practically raised Stark after his parents died. Obie was nowhere to be found, probably off somewhere on business. And then there was Clint Barton, the nurse, and Maria Hill, the housekeeper.
Tony barely noticed though, whiskey eyes still wide with disbelief as they stare at his own signature on Barnes’ wrist. This— how was this happening?
Steve chided, cheeks pink.
And then Tony realized— “
Things have been going perfectly fine since he came out of cryo.
“And this is a flower shop. I’m pretty sure when they moved in the space above, they weren’t expecting AC/DC and Black Sabbath blaring through the vents, Tones.”
“So how about it, Brooklyn?” Tony was taunting, walking his fingers around his stomach and practically pressing against him. Not that he particularly minded, but Jesus, had he ever met anyone this ballsy? The detective’s gaze followed the pretty sight of teeth pulling against Stark’s lower lip, throat tightening in curiosity—focus, Rogers.
As if the damn thing had heard his thoughts, it springs to life loudly, clattering and chiming out an 8-bit version of that stupid 1966 Captain America cartoon theme-song that Tony liked so much.
What the actual fuck was going on here?
Steve was
I’m—- so sorry it’s been so long. Hopefully it was worth the wait.
Pepper just gave him a look and Tony ignored it. He did not have it bad. It was just—lust at first sight. So what if Tony had wandered into the tattoo shop one night that Rogers wasn’t in and immediately fallen in love with the man’s art. What? The blonde was a great artist, Tony could admit that. The fact that all the flowers Tony had sent in his passive-aggressive gifting spree were dried and hung in the man’s workstation, didn’t matter at all.
Rhodes was definitely unimpressed.
about it.
“I’m just keeping my eye on you,” Steve persisted, reminding the young brunette he wasn’t exactly allowed to leave the premise while shoving down the spikes of hope that were begging Tony to do exactly that. On a professional level, at least he’d get the chance to snoop around a bit and find out more about the character. If Stark was the one who had a fight with Fury the night of his death, then this was his lead suspect for the moment.
Tony thought, hands going to his pockets for his cigarette case. Still, Tony had drinks to drink and places that were not here to be. He’d be back, definitely to poke more fun at Detective Brooklyn over there. But that would be only when he actually wanted to.
If Tony “accidentally” elbowed Rogers as he squeezed into the space between the two vets, well, the blonde didn’t make a peep about it.
Tony plastered on a smile and leaned against the doorframe. “What can I do for you?”
It wasn’t fair at all that Rogers could just drop in, looking like the best fucking iteration of himself and ruin practically everything for Tony the way that he did. It wasn’t fucking fair that Rogers could just drop in and tell Tony that he
apparent soulmates as they move further into the bunker. It isn’t long before they arrive at a large chamber, the whole area eerily silent.
Rogers had shoved that oversized dinner plate right into the arc, leaving Stark beaten, bloody and shivering from more than just the cold. The usual steady feeling of
No beta so all mistakes are mine. Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoy.
“Just be yourself. That’s all you need.”
Rogers ran a hand through his beard. “Yes, okay. Yeah. I uh, listen Tony, not that I’m not all for expressing yourself and stuff but uh, your music is just--- kinda loud. And… bad.”
Rogers, for his credit, looks unamused and simply shrugs in answer. “You want an answer right? Come get it yourself.”
” Natasha’s voice chastised softly.
“Fuck,” Rogers breathed, dark eyes immediately drawn to the toned, tanned muscle. Tony couldn’t help the laugh that leaves him as he pulled at the buttons of Steve’s shirt, tempted to simply rip them clean off. He untucks Steve’s shirt from his bottoms, running a hand along the seam of his pants.
Like hell Bucky would. Rogers had always been a terrible liar.
“Need some help with that? Smoking’s bad for you, y’know.”
“An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumbles from within? That’s dead… forever.”
“Mr. Stark.”
Steve could practically see the gears turning in the younger genius’ head. Orphan, genius, billionaire, playboy. Possibly dabbling in weapons? Bushy brows knit together in curiosity. So, Tony knew a thing or two about modern weaponry. Or at least had a relative who did—there was that name again.
wanted to see more of Steve. Sweet Tesla, was this lust-at-first sight? Wait a minute, had Rogers been openly coming on to him right in front of his possible boyfriend?
“You started smoking again.”
They’d said their spiel about the shop and the blonde one, (
“I told you, it’s Tony. What do you want?” Tony asked suspiciously. Aside from their shoving match, the two hadn’t really interacted much, unless engaging in somewhat heated debates counted.
“Tony. I’ve known you for almost fifteen years. You really think you can keep anything secret from me? Give me the bag. Please tell me this has nothing to do with our neighbors upstairs.”
Rogers couldn’t help himself: he threw himself into it head on, a force of thrusts and bites and kisses, while Tony scrabbled for purchase on the blonde in an attempt to simply hold on to him. Amber eyes were rolling back, moans tumbling off his lips in punched-out sounds he couldn’t stop, even if he wanted to. Somehow, through all the haze in his mind, the soldier reminded himself how badly he wanted to beat Tony at his own game.
“I read about you on Twitter! You’re the, uh, the one famous detective. The one everyone compares to Sherlock Holmes,” the kid laughed in disbelief. “You do all the really crazy cases. You just did the one in Germany. With the underground Nazis.”
Strange must’ve sensed Tony’s imminent departure, because there was a strong hand being placed over his shoulder as soon as he tried to rise from the chair. No fucking way they were going to make him stay if he didn’t want to. Wilson got to leave to get food, so why shouldn’t he be able to go out and get a drink? Heaven knows his family probably drained this place dry by now.
Well, at least
Steve grunted as he slid in again, rolling his hips until he found the right angle for Tony’s prostate. The resulting cry felt like a jolt of electricity through him, a low groan slipping out as a hand anchored itself on the brunette’s shoulder.
Somewhere along the walls, speakers crackle to life. “If it’s any comfort, they died in their sleep.” An accented voice murmurs.
. The mysterious woman that managed to catch Pepper’s attention and apparently keep it for quite some time. Pep was counting on Tony’s curiosity to outweigh his will to stay home (not that Pepper would allow it). Damn she was good. The genius threw his arms up in a petulant groan.
had zapped down Bucky’s spine like a live-wire and he just
“So, is that enough information for you, Captain? Because you sure were talking big for someone who hasn’t made a move yet.”
The mechanic stopped beside his best friend, all pretty smiles and fluttering lashes.
Tony Stark believed that he was just one of those unlucky few who would never have a soulmate. And well, that was fine and all, he’d come to terms with it on his 30
) had given the genius an appraising glance and said something about hoping to see more of Tony now that they were neighbors. Tony had
” Steve spluttered. And god, Tony had to really chew his cheeks to not outright laugh.
“Well,
Sweet Tesla, the blonde rendered him monosyllabic. No one should be allowed to be that good looking. All heavily corded muscles, biceps for days and that tapered waist. And boy howdy, Tony was sure enjoying watching him bound up the stairs. Tony was possibly developing the most pathetic crush ever.
Thank goodness for the modern marvels of the 21
What exactly had he done last night? Somebody please tell him he didn’t have sex with Cap, and he wasn’t able to remember it! Tony’s mouth is too fucking dry, so he tries to slip away as quiet and carefully from the bed, but a large, warm hand comes around his thigh and Steve’s sleepy voice is just too adorable to ignore.
He was finally (essentially) free of Hydra’s grasp. He’d woken up with Stevie and Shuri by his bedside, Rogers’ cheeks all bunched up in that goofy grin that turned his brains to mush. The rest of the team had been waiting for him in the common room when he was finally given the all clear to be amongst the living again and things had been going great. Right up until he’d taken a peep at his soul mark.
“Be careful what you wish for,” Steve quipped, brushing the wrinkles off his tweed jacket.
He ran a hand through his hair to shake out the rest of the snowflakes. Maybe it was the low thrum of 80’s rock music coming from the radio, guitar shredding and drums beating to a ridiculous pace, or maybe it was the way he felt those dark eyes on him that quickened his heartbeat. Either way, Steve was on edge, fingers fidgeting with his suspenders or matching tie or really anything to keep himself busy.
“That enough of a move for ya?” Steve growled out.
Apparently the same alibi had been provided to Ross and been approved by the WSC so, Tony was cleared for travel. Jesus, no wonder the Rogues were practically invisible, T’Challa clearly had all his ducks in a row. Now that was left was the trip there in the spacious, sleek aircraft that made Tony’s fingers twitch with desire to tinker and then he’d be— well, best not to think about that now.
“Fuck,” Steve growled, his mind growing crowded with static. It’s a fucking stretch.
“You’re muttering.” Rhodes said in a sing-song tone that had Tony grinding his teeth together.
Today’s meeting consisted of Fury rambling on about PR (which unfortunately was his fucking department which also meant that Tony would have to participate) but Steve already seemed irritated and Fury for once, seemed to be taking mercy on him, even though he really didn’t deserve it. Rhodes looked a little smug and Tony had half a mind to punch his best friend for letting him get as toasted as he did last night but that was for another, much less hungover time. The meeting ended after what felt like much too long and before Tony could take solace in Rhodey, the man was waving to Tony and exiting with the rest of the team. Stark watches as Steve and Fury exchange a look and then its just he and Rogers alone. Fantastic.
Thank you all for the support!
“Uh-huh. So kind of—”
was blaring loudly throughout the shop, the jarring riffs and melody soothing to the brunette’s quickly fraying nerves. It wasn’t all that late, maybe 9 or 10 o’clock, when there was suddenly a loud knocking on the front door.
But Stark is jerking away from him, putting even more distance between them than before. His eyes look slightly glassy. Steve goes to move in, but Tony’s raised palm stops him.
“Je suis désolé, chéris, on dirait que ma date est arrivée."   "I'm sorry, darlings/honey, looks like my date has arrived.
Strawberry pink lips curled upward in a grin, snickering as the genius stalked toward him. Steve made a show of looking down on Tony, tilting his chin upward.
The soldier watches as Tony slips into his room without a second glance. He stands there, waiting,
“Hey.”Tony said softly.
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
His phone pinged three times after that.
Steve couldn’t hold back a whimper at the thought of the other guy working himself open, as if Steve was really going to be there to fuck him.
“we’ll be there for you no matter what. “ she promised. “now go and get some rest. “
“Wondering what you’re going to do now you have me all tied up, sweet thing “ Steve drawled, and God that made Tony leak in his pants.
“Ah Steve.” Tony keened, and Steve’s cock got even harder.
“No you’re not. Take your shirt off too. Wanna see those piercings. “
“Exactly.”
“I’d like that.” Tony said softly.
Chapter 8
“Hmmmm.”
For now find the art here
Steve hummed in pleasure, hands fisting in Tony's hair.
“And is kissing allowed on this date?” the blond inquired.
“We were, still are. He’s my best friend, and I can’t wait to introduce you to him. “
Tony and Loki were sitting on a sunny terrace on a fine Friday morning.
“Yes, and you know why? Because you’re mine, honey, every inch of gold brown skin and that perfect ass is mine, and I can’t wait to wreck it.”
‘Definitely not someone you'd want to mess with, she knew her way around guns.’ Steve smiled as he typed this.
For now find the art here
'Wow, a leading lady, then.’
“That sounds lovely, Tony.”
“Even though the sex was great?” Bucky smirked.
‘This has been driving me crazy all day, install plugmaster and see how I react. 😉 Code is 56003’
“Harder.” Tony demanded, and Steve obliged, picking up the pace. He balanced himself on one arm and stroked Tony's cock with the other, slamming himself into the genius.
“Ah, that will be our food.”
“I’m a mechanic engineer. Built my own robots and stuff.”
The man in question  looked over his shoulder to where Steve was still laying in bed.
"You're perfect honey, tell me. What do we say when you need me to stop?"
He hung up and sent his location before turning back to Steve.
"So?"
“Thor’s brother came in for a portrait today.” Steve started,”and he’d specifically asked for me, since he’d seen the pieces I did on Thor and he loved them.”
“Me neither. This is amazing, Tony. Just everything today ... The Heli, being able to touch and kiss you, the ice cream, the show, this place, oh and let’s not forget the limo.”
Tony nodded and motioned for Steve to go on.
"Got the feeling you didn't leave the vibrator on because you forgot." Tony said, and Steve blushed.
“I want you to curl them, find your prostate.” Steve demanded, and judging by the wrecked moan that came not long after, the stranger had followed his command.
“I’m here, I’m with you.” Their fingers intertwined and  Tony blushed. Steve watched him, already fond of the beautiful brunette. Their ice cream arrived with those little fireworks on a stick on them and Tony started beaming when he saw them. He was like a kid in a candy store and Steve could feel himself falling even more.
“Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ...” Tony was crying out in bliss and Steve felt his own orgasm approaching like a train.
“Thanks!” Tony smiled and then pushed the chair a bit further from the desk, before starting to ride Steve hard and fast.
“hey there ,honey.” Steve chuckled. “You ready to do this?”
“I don’t care, and I would never betray someone’s trust like that.” He said softly. Buckys eyes turned soft.
“Yes honey?”
The blond was finally moving in officially, and Tony couldn’t wait. He had cleared some space in his walk in closet, bought an extra bathroom cabinet for Steve and cleared some shelves for Steve’s books and trinkets.
Tony shot into an alley and pulled Steve with him.
“You okay Steve?” pepper asked.
“Of course, mr. Stark.” Then she turned to Steve.
He made quick work of it, then. Stroking Steve with a lubed up hand while working himself open, before ever so slowly letting himself slide down Steve’s shaft. They both moaned when Tony bottomed out.
“Then we’ll have to, ah, persuade you...don’t we?” the man said, pressing a button on a tiny device. Tony’s first thought was ' please don’t let them have Steve, Rhodey or pepper, anything but Steve, Rhodey or pepper.
Steve tightened his grip a bit and Loki moaned like a real slut, before going limp and just taking the pounding Steve was still giving him. His eyes rolling up in his head. Tony grinned and gave in to the lustful haze as well, kissing down Steve’s back while fucking up in that tight heat.
“i’m gonna do you so hard you won’t be able to sit for a week. Maybe you could ride me, sugar.”
"You, what?" He breathed.
“It’s because Tasha and I don’t give a fuck about what other people think of our bedroom activities. We just like exploring a bit and it brings us pleasure. I know about grinder because I’m bisexual and proud, Steve. It’s not because a dame managed to tie me down that I have never looked at the fellas.”
The touching ceased, but the warm presence next to him stayed, as if Steve knew exactly what Tony needed. The brunet caught his breath for a moment, before fully opening his eyes. Feeling like he had come down enough to face reality again.
“sleep now.” Tony decided.
A long moan escaped him when Steve immediately started hammering his prostate, the Precision with which Steve would always hit it should be made illegal. Tony was soon swept away in a black out orgasm.
“We’re doing the best we can to track him down. If you have any information whatsoever, you have to let me know now, Steve.”
Keep an eye out for bonus chapters in the future!
A picture of a toned stomach and proud morning wood graced Steve’s screen, he groaned and wrapped a hand around himself.
“But, this is an emergency!” Steve hisses and looks around the ER to spot a doctor who is not busy. “I’ll go find him myself.” He says and heads off to the reception.
“You gonna nap too, princess?” He asks Wanda quietly. The girl shakes her head no, even though she is tired. She did not sleep the night before because she was so worried.
“I know, Daddy.” Wanda says, muffled with her thumb in her mouth. “But, I get scared. And I love you so much I think about it all the time and I’m just so happy you love me too. And Peter. Isn’t he the best brother, Daddy? I’m so glad you love me.” She rests her head on his shoulder. “Can we play?”
“The doctor got a quick look at him and upped the pain meds, but then got busy with an emergency. He promised to come back as soon as he could.” Maria says to Steve while Tony comforts Peter.
“I bet Darcy will make nice pictures.” Wanda says, slurring and stammering with her words a little bit, as she often does. “At daycare. She’s a good drawer, Peter.”
“Bottle, Dada?” Peter asks quietly, still trying to process everything going on in the room all of a sudden. Peaking out of the window, he can see that the sun is barely up. This place is just so weird.
“I’m a big girl! I really am!”
“You're such a good boy, Peter!” Tony praises him. “We're so proud of you. What do you want to do now, honeybee? You can rest or read stories or colour. Whichever one you want. We'll be right here with you.”
Wanda does not move from her place on the couch. She feels like she can barely get up.
“I love you too.” Tony whispers, hugging him close. They stay there like that for a good few minutes until Wanda comes in with a blanket tightly wrapped around herself and her lips pursed together until she sees her brother.
Peter recovers and rests at home with his family.
“Morning, guys.” Thomas greets.
“Is okay.” Peter reports and flexes his fingers gently. He brings his arm to his chest again and traces his Daddy’s handwriting on his cast. “I like Stephen. He nice and- and kind.” The boy says with a little smile.
Peter smiles widely at that and nods a little.
“Okay, Daddy.” Wanda sighs. She rarely puts up a real fight, though she finds herself curious as to what would happen if she did. “I’ll be good now, Daddy. Can I be bad tomorrow? Or on Sunday.”
“Daddy’s mean, huh?” Tony asks with a frown, but then puts on a smile and kisses Wanda’s temple, knowing that she is just feeling sick and a bit embarrassed over having her temperature taken in her bottom. The girl sniffles and rests her head in the crook of Tony’s neck.
“Hey, hey, sweet pea, it’s okay.” Steve shushes and squeezes Wanda a bit tighter to his side. “You can play with your brother a bit, but Daddy and I want you to rest and get better. You can lay in bed or on the sofa downstairs and watch movies all day. That’s fun, right?” Steve tries, taking another more positive perspective on the situation. But, before he can explain more, Tony returns to the bedroom with a thermometer in hand as well as Peter on his hip.
“Missed you too. What doll you want? I want… Lissa.” She alternates between favourite dolls often, and today it is Lissa. “Princess.”
“I sure can.” Steve always does funny voices when he reads to Peter and Wanda, and he tries to make the bear sound big and growly. However, he tries not to be too loud, and reaches over to take Tony's hand as he reads. Wanda cannot keep her eyes open, but rolls over so she is halfway on top of Tony, her head resting on his shoulder.
When Tony praises him again, the boy cannot help but wonder what he did that was so brave. He just had a weird nap and then woke up to Stephen smiling down at him. His arm is a bit of a bummer though, with the cast being so heavy and stiff.
“Where are you two going?” Steve picks Peter up and kisses his cheek. “I’m sorry baby, but it’s just gonna be you today. You can come back and play with your sister. Wanda, back in bed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Wanda is getting better, but very slowly.
“Party, Papa.” Peter corrects as well, giving a cheeky grin as he kicks his leg back and forth. “Pop?” He asks, remembering what Tony said about Steve bringing popsicles.
“I doubt it’s a curse, baby.” Tony laughs and kisses Wanda’s forehead. “But, let’s check your temp and get you some medicine. Cuddle with Papa and I’ll be right back, okay?” He suggests, giving the girl another kiss before gently passing her over to lay down with Steve. Then, Tony gets up from the bed and heads to the bathroom to find a thermometer.
“Wanda, love, come sit with me.” He prompts, patting his thigh to invite the girl over. They really need to talk. Obediently, Wanda gets up and goes over to sit on his lap. She does not want to meet his eyes, worried that she is about to be scolded—and maybe she deserves it after how fussy she has been.
“Wan’a!” Peter grins as soon as he spots his sister and squirms out of Tony’s arms to get to her to give her a morning kiss. Wanda is so happy to see Peter that she does not even notice the thermometer at first. She happily holds her arms out to cuddle him.
“What was that, princess?” Tony asks. He heard that Wanda spoke, but he did not hear what she said. With the thermometer in hand, Tony goes to sit next to Wanda and pats his thigh. “Lay on my lap, baby.”
“Daddy! I missed you, Daddy!”
“He’ll be so scared.” Tony turns to glance back at the room where his little boy is lying there all alone. But, he and Steve both know that the sooner they go through with this, the better the outcome for Peter. “Okay. Tomorrow morning. Are you gonna want him to stay an extra few nights after the surgery?”
“Bye bye!” When Tony picks up another spoonful of food, Peter opens up eagerly.
“Yeah, we’ll go see Papa. What have you been doing with Vis, then?” Tony asks, bouncing Wanda in his arms as he heads up to Peter’s room where Steve is waiting.
Behind the double doors, Stephen and Thomas bring Peter to pre OP and wheel the bed onto a little ward that works as a waiting room for the ORs.
“How long?” Peter continues whining, getting a bit restless now and wants to move around. When he moves his arm, he yelps and freezes before wailing, more so out of fright and exhaustion than pain. Tony feels his heart break in two at how Peter’s crying and hugs him as carefully as he can.
“It's okay, sweetheart, Daddy’s here. Listen to my voice, baby boy. You're gonna be okay. Shhh, I'm right here.” Tony cannot keep his voice from breaking.
“I want... Elsa!” Peter says, which is the princess he always chooses. The two Littles head upstairs to play, leaving behind the mess of crayons and markers on the dinner table for Tony to clean up.
Concussion, that is a very grown up word and Peter has no idea what it means. But, his Daddies sound worried and he guesses that it is about him.
“We know you are, princess, and having your temp taken in your bottom doesn’t make you any less of a big girl. We’re doing this so we can make you feel better in a bit.” Tony explains for perhaps the tenth time, as Wanda always brings up this argument when her temperature is being taken. The girl is convinced that it is all a punishment no matter what the Daddies say to prove otherwise. Finally, the thermometer beeps, but Tony doubts that it is the most accurate measurement considering how much Wanda was moving. Still, the measurement is higher than it was the day before. “Should we call the d-o-c?” Tony asks Steve quietly while rubbing a comforting hand on Wanda’s back.
“Party.”
“How cool isn’t this, huh? Rolling around in bed and not having to get up at all.” Steve points out to Peter while he walks next to him, his hand held out for the boy to hold onto.
“Hey, sweetheart…” Tony whispers, stroking the boy’s cheek with a finger. “It's okay, you're awake now. It's all over. We're here. You feel better, love?” He keeps his voice low so as not to startle Peter and tries to coax him out of his sleep by using gentle touches. “You were such a good boy, we're so proud of you. We're all here to see you now.”
“I’ll get it.” Steve says, standing up. “What do you want, baby? Water or juice? And I guess we’d better figure out what to do with Wanda if we’re going to be gone for the night.”
When his Papa starts explaining, Peter turns his focus that way. Things are starting to make sense now. At least in a way.
“Ice c’eam.” The boy slurs, patting Steve’s shoulder for emphasis on the urgency of the matter. Setting the thermometer aside, Tony pulls Wanda’s pyjamas and underwear back up before gently picking her up into his arms.
“Hey, bud. How’s your dinner? Is it yummy or super yummy?” Thomas says cheerfully, coming over and lowers the bedrail to sit at Peter’s side.
“You're doing great, Peter.” Stephen praises him as he starts up the machine and Peter is moved into the machine. “So, so well. Wait just a minute, you're doing fine.”
Peter frowns even harder. He is not buying anything his Papa is saying and turns around with his giraffe still in his little hand. He needs to investigate this on his own and goes to climb up the stairs, using his hands too as he makes his way up.
“Okay!” Wanda motions for Peter to come closer. “You have to be nice to everyone and all the animals. Even scary ones like snakes. Also the fairies are mostly good, but you gotta fight bad ones. And wear pretty dresses and marry a beautiful person. Then you have a kiss and live happy after ever. You can do it, Peter. You’re a princess too.”
Wanda considers for a few seconds and coughs again. With a slightly hoarse voice, she finally replies.
Peter smiles and sighs in relief when Steve lets Wanda join him on the bed. He closes his eyes, finally feeling content and comfortable.
Peter grins widely at the praise and bounces on his feet, but at the mention of saying bye to his sister, he stops and frowns.
A few hours later, Steve arrives home with groceries and heads right to the kitchen to put the popsicles in the freezer before they melt.
“Right, right.” Steve says a little sarcastically, not buying what Tony is saying. He grabs his partner to make him face him. “Babe, he’ll be just fine. Littles sometimes have accidents, but they always recover. Our little boy will be okay. Worrying this much can only do him harm. You get like- all tense and set too many limits for him. He still needs to play and have fun.”
“Dada, read again.” Peter demands, pointing to the book at the bottom of the bed.
“Yep. We’re here overnight. But, it’s okay. We’re just having a little sleepover, aren’t we? Peter, Daddy, Papa, and Pooh Bear.” Tony says. “Here, let me change him first and then I think he’d like some cuddles.”
“You sleepy, little love?” He asks while Tony gets up to fetch some more water and Wanda’s medication that she was prescribed a few days ago. Wanda nods, trying her best to keep awake.
“Yeah, yeah. Text me once Peter’s awake and let me know how it went.” Vis says and reaches over to brush Wanda’s hair back. “Love you too, pumpkin. I’ll see you soon, yeah? Bye now.” He says and heads off with a smile and wave.
“Do you have any questions for me? I know the doctor spoke to you a while ago, but some more might have popped up since.”
“Okay. Just a little.”
“No.” Wanda admits. “I wanna be happy. And I'm happy with you, Daddy. Can we watch Care Bears first? And give kisses? And hugs. I have to.” She glances over her shoulder, surveying the room before turning back to look at him. “I love you. Come on. Let’s…” She coughs slightly. “Let’s go.”
“I know you want to go home, honeybee, but we have to stay here just a little bit longer.” Tony tells him. “So the doctors can take care of you and make your owie better. Then we can go home, okay? I promise.”
“That's true.” Tony considers. “Okay, how about you or I take Peter first and then we can take Wanda after? Then we can handle them one at a time. We can space it out by a few hours or so. That should give us time to comfort Peter or get him down for a nap if he gets upset.”
“We’ll cuddle and have a nap once you’ve taken your meds. What do you wanna drink then, kitten?” Tony asks, going to the cupboard and picks out one of Wanda’s Hello Kitty sippys, which she sometimes shares with her brother.
“He’s okay.” Stephen assures Tony. “The surgery went fine, but we do want to see him back to make sure there are no complications. You can go in and see him now if you want. He was excellent, very brave and good.”
Peter whines as he continues to feel overwhelmed. He just wants to go home already, but he does not have much choice but to lay back and hold onto Pooh. Everything just becomes worse when Stephen seems to cage his head in with some sort of hollow helmet. Peter whimpers and tries to turn his head, but finds that he cannot do that.
“I know honey, I know. We'll go home… Soon.” Tony says slowly. He looks at Stephen who shakes his head.
“I know you wanna play, I know. You'll be well enough to play again soon, but I really just want you to rest and be careful with your arm right now.” Tony says softly. “Can you drink a little bit of water for me, baby? I don't want you to get thirsty. We can read a story if you want, would that make you feel better? Any story you like.”
Peter is examined at the hospital.
“Wanda, please. This doesn't have to be hard okay? You can hold my hand if you want, but Daddy has to check so we know what's going on with you.”
“Papa is coming.” Tony promises. As if on cue, Steve comes in at that exact moment. He immediately goes to hug Peter, taking extra care to be gentle. “Concussion?”
“When’s Peter coming home? It’s time to play.” She still has not gotten to show him hopscotch and cannot help but feel she has been shirking her responsibilities.
“I’m being a big girl, Daddy. I can be brave. Is it over?”
“Papa’s at work, sweetheart. He’ll be back soon. He’s gonna go to the store and get popsicles for you.” Tony promises. “He’ll colour with you too, I promise. What do you want to colour, baby?”
“I wouldn't move her too much, unless you want her to wake up crying with Peter.” Steve whispers, leaning over to turn off the light after setting the book aside. “I'll keep an eye on him tonight. And I'm a little worried that he's getting under the weather too. Maybe I should bring him in to see Stephen just to make sure everything's okay.”
Tony feels his heart swell at finally having a calm moment with his family, and most importantly that Wanda seems content. When she curls up towards his side, he continues reading till the end of the page before passing the book over to Steve to set aside.
“Yeah, that would be great, actually.” Steve smiles at Tony and Peter, the two of them holding hands while Tony praises him for how well he is doing, how brave he is. “Someone who can explain it to him might help a lot. Tony?” He steps forward. “Thomas wants to talk to Peter really quick.”
Wanda curls up into a ball on the couch, grabbing her Cinderella blanket and pulling it over her body so she is fully hidden. Maybe Daddy will not see her, but she is too tired to care. She just calls out after him.
“Bright…” Peter complains a little, rubbing at his eyes when the doctor pulls back and pockets his penlight.
“Hi.” Tony says a little huskily to his husband.
“Love Papa too.” Peter replies with a smile, but before he settles against Steve to nap, he puts his hand under his pillow to find the pacifier that he hid under there. He plops the pacifier in his mouth and giggles tiredly at his Papa before settling down, knocking out faster than he normally does for nap-time when he finally manages to relax with a Daddy close to him.
“Peter.” Steve steps in front of the TV. “Remember our deal? Bath time now. If you want to watch another episode after, you can. Now come on, let's make this easy.” He is not beyond disciplining Peter and Wanda, but he always tries to save it as a last resort. “Let's go, young man.”
“D’eams…” Peter slurs, blinking slowly as he tries to keep his gaze fixed on Stephen.
“Yeah, yeah. Okay.” Tony says, having a hard time wrapping his head around everything, but he trusts Stephen. He trusts him with his baby boy.
“That’s a good one.” Thomas muses while he continues to help Stephen with getting everything ready.
“Oh, baby girl, of course you can!” Steve says easily, smiling up at the girl where he is crouched down in front of her. “Accidents are no fun, I totally get that. But, Daddy and I are here to help, so you should always come tell us when it happens, okay? Then we can help you and you’ll find your prince.” He says confidently.
“I did, and that sounds good. Chop an onion for me, will ya? I’ll make something edible while they’re occupied. God, I’m so glad that she didn’t go today. We’d be in the ER right now. There was so much activity. And Peter’s definitely going to be tired tonight. We’d better start getting ready for that now...” He seems almost absentminded as he talks about the day. “You know, I almost feel like we should get a babysitter one of these nights and go out for some time alone.”
“I brought your popsicles, that’s right. Do you want to try one? We can go down and have one now if you want.” Steve says. “Then dinner and a bath.”
“We’re ready, Strange.”
“Hold on.” Steve chuckles. “I think our little guy here is gonna need a bath after dinner. What do you think, Peter? That sound good?” He runs a hand through his hair. “You guys can have playtime before bed.”
“Good girl!” Tony praises when Wanda swallows down her pills and then hands her the sippy cup to wash them down.
“Okay, here we go, buddy.” Stephen says, wheeling the bed in. Peter jerks around, suddenly worrying.
“Had an accident. I didn’t mean to.” Sometimes it just happens and she does not quite know what to do about it.
While Tony reads the book for a second time, Peter feels himself sink into the mattress and almost falls asleep, but then things start moving again when a new pair of paramedics show up in the ER. Their uniforms look different and they seem more friendly, but Peter is still sceptical and yelps when he is moved from the bed and onto a gurney.
“Yeah, you sure were. And now you get to rest and do whatever you want while you get better.” Steve promises him. “Are you still sleepy, honey? If you need to keep on sleeping you can. You did have a very exciting morning.”
“See Wan’a.” The boy mumbles with his mouth still full.
Peter looks around to try and answer his Papa, but then he meets Gabby the paramedic’s eyes and freaks a little. As nice as the paramedic is, he is starting to get a bit overwhelmed with everything and just wants to go home. He tugs on the straps that keep him in place on the gurney in a sitting position. The side rails are also up and Peter is very much trapped.
“Night night.” He says obediently and waves at his sister and Daddy. He knows that this is not the finale good night though, as his family usually give him a proper kiss and good night when he is tucked into his bed. Wanda stays quiet and watches them leave, blowing a brief kiss to her brother first. She does not much feel like eating and slides off the chair and onto the floor instead so she can play pretend. When Steve has left with Peter, Tony turns to Wanda to answer her, but frowns a little when he sees that she had slid down on the floor.
“Okay!” That seems like a reasonable solution to Wanda. She daintily holds out her hand like a princess and then shouts. “Daddy, I gotta get ready!” She thinks she will wear her Cinderella dress today, but she wonders if they will have enough time to get her hair done. “Hurry Daddy, we’ll be late again! Peter fixed me!”
“Didn’t play cause Da up.” Peter explains, kicking his feet in anticipation when he feels the doctor’s fingers part his cheeks. Stephen frowns and considers chastising Steve, but figures it better not to do so in front of Peter.
“Great choice, honey. Let’s go read.” Steve picks Peter up and balances him on his hip. “We’re gonna read in a quiet whisper, okay? Like this.” He lowers his voice and puts a finger to his lips. Then he finally takes Peter over to the couch so he can cuddle a little with Wanda and Tony before he starts to read.
“And you know what else is cool, sweetheart? You can write on your cast! You could get your friends at daycare to sign it and you can draw pictures on it too. Doesn't that sound neat?” Tony keeps his tone upbeat. “All we have to do is stay just a little longer and then you'll have your blue cast and feel all better.”
Within a few minutes, the double doors to the ER slams open and Steve and Tony are rushing in. Steve immediately cups Peters face, while Tony examines the cast. They had promised each other in the car ride over that they would not panic so as not to scare their baby boy, but neither can stand to see their little boy in pain. At the sight of his Daddies finally arriving and rushing over to him, Peter starts crying again and uses his good arm to try and cling to them.
“Petey, your family’s here. You feel like saying hi to them?” Stephen asks, tapping the boy’s shoulder to get him more alert. Peter cracks his eyes open a bit, but his gaze is not really focused.
“Yeah, baby. We can play.” Steve promises, sitting down to do just that. “Honey, I’m sorry if we haven’t been giving you enough attention. I know it’s hard, and you’ve been so good. Sometimes Daddies make mistakes too. But, I’ll do better now and you and I are gonna spend some special time together. I would love to play with you now.” He holds his arms out. “Can I have a big hug, sweetheart?”
“Yeah, he's babbling. Sleepy baby.” Steve says affectionately. “You'll feel better soon.”                                        Peter notices when they get off the elevator and his eyes widen a little bit.
“Puppies, great choice.” Stephen smiles and takes the puppy one for himself. “Should Thomas get the same one?” He asks, gesturing to the nurse. Peter considers, but shakes his head. He wants to pick a new one.
“Feel better, sweetheart! We’ll put up the stickers together when you come back, yeah?” Maria says to Peter. The boy nods and waves with his good hand, then takes Pooh’s hand so that he is waving too while Maria leaves.
“I know honey.” Steve pats her shoulder. “Let’s go give you a bath, you’ll feel better.” Wanda sighs, but finally relents.
“Yeah! It's a friendly bear so he won't eat her.” She explains. “Even if a bear tried to eat me, I'd still be nice to it. It's just trying to live in its home. Forest. Trees. And flower.” She yawns again, suddenly feeling very tired. “Kisses. And…” She starts to mumble a little bit, getting lost in her own daydreams again. “He's so handsome and he loves me. He's a prince. Pretty flowers, Daddy.”
“Night night.” Peter whispers before promptly falling asleep. Tony smiles softly and brushes Peter’s hair back before planting another kiss on his forehead.
“Hm!” Peter nods and squirms out of Steve’s arms to pad over to Wanda where Tony had laid her down on the sofa. After struggling just a bit, Peter manages to climb up on the sofa and joins her sister under the blanket. “No icky.” The boy decides and then takes his pacifier out of his mouth to give Wanda some sloppy, but still very loving, kisses on her cheek. Wanda giggles and kisses her brother back.
Oh God, third time in one month, Steve thinks to himself. Perhaps it is time for them to bring Wanda to see Stephen too.
“Hi, princess! I’ve missed you too!” Tony laughs and wraps his arms around his little girl and then hauls her up and onto his hip. “Did you have a good time with Uncle Vis?” He asks, rubbing her back before extending his hand in a greeting to the other man.
“Peter!” Stephen is happy, but surprised to see the little boy opening the door. “What are you doing all by yourself? Where are your Daddies?”
Peter likes nice dreams. He examines the mask and nods, feeling a little more comfortable that he gets to see it.
“We need to keep the swelling down with ice. I’m also going to see if the pain medication he was prescribed before is helping, but if it’s not, we need to switch it to something else. I’m going to admit him overnight to keep an eye on the concussion and I want to double check in the morning how he’s doing with eye movement and being alert.” Stephen says, “But, I think for now he needs to be in one of the beds on ward.”
“Magic?”
Wanda shakes her head.
The boy is laying on a bed in the ER, his left arm resting on top of a pillow and protected in an air-cast that the paramedics put on his broken arm. The cast pinches his skin a bit, but at least his arm does not hurt that much anymore. Maria said that he had ’fallen asleep’ when he fell on the playground and he had panicked quite badly when suddenly waking up in a wailing ambulance.
“As long as we’re quiet, okay? I want your sister to get some rest. We don’t want fussy babies tonight.” He teases that last bit. “Go pick a story, angel. We can all cuddle together.”
Wanda stays where she is and shakes her head.
“It’s been a while since he got pain relief at Central, so it must have worn off now. I’ll give him another dose or something a bit stronger. He really looks overtired and in need of a rest.” Stephen says as he goes to fix a dose of morphine in a syringe. He then injects it into the saline bag hanging up on a pole by the boy’s bed before connecting the tubing to the IV in the boy’s hand. Or at least tries to.
“I know you do, but this takes time. Right?” Tony smiles down at Peter. “But, you really need to remember that, Wanda.”
“No, we play.” Peter says, taking Steve’s hand to try and tug him along to the play mat, but Papa is huge and strong, so the little boy can barely make him move. Stephen frowns softly as he considers Peter’s poor mood. It is obvious that the boy is feeling lonely and neglected, but his irritability could also be due to catching the same thing his sister has. The doctor turns to Steve.
“No need it... Big boy.” Peter mumbles a little sadly. He is not really arguing, but more so upset over not being like his big sister and cuddles up to Steve. “No diapey, please...” He mumbles, hoping that his manners will get him what he wants, even though this is how it always is anyway.
“But, the thermator makes me icky. Makes my tummy all like- tingly and feel weird.” She explains, trying her best to explain the nervous and overall just bad feeling she gets whenever her Daddies take her temperature. One would have thought that with Wanda getting her temperature taken twice a day for nearly two weeks that she would have grown used to it, but the girl is stubborn.
“No, not this time since this is just a warning. But, if you do it again, then we’ll put you in time out.” Steve says. It is a rule they have had for a long time, but the two caregivers still have to remind the Littles now and then.
“If you’re gonna sleep with us, I’d better get the baby to start winding down.” Steve says. “Let’s go eat and then you’re going night night, okay?” He taps Peter on the nose. “We can read a story first.”
“We’ll make it fast, I promise.”
“Okay, let’s get you ready for bed and then say good night to your brother.” Tony says, letting Wanda get away with not finishing her dinner this time. Steve and he can clean up the table later. Setting Wanda on his hip, Tony heads upstairs to the bathroom to help the girl get ready for bed. They pass Peter’s bedroom on the way and hear Steve reading to him. Wanda waves to Peter as they pass his room and blows him a kiss.
“Papa…”
“Steve, keep your head, will ya?” Tony calls after his husband before turning his attention back to Peter. “Oh baby boy. I’m so sorry. You’re gonna be okay. Look what I brought.” He reaches into the bag he had hastily thrown together before leaving, pulling out a stuffed bear and The Book About Moomin, Mymble and Little My. “See? We can cuddle and read stories until you’re all better, sweetheart. How does that sound?”
“Hey.” Tony kisses his husband hello and starts to put the groceries away. “You have a good day? Peter’s doing well, but I’m worried he might play too rough and hurt the arm again. We’ll have to keep an eye on him.”
“Daddy, you're mean.”
“She can lie down next to you but-” He gives Wanda a serious look. “You be very careful, young lady. Understand?”
“There you go, sweetheart.”
“No bath, busy.” Peter argues with his thumb still in his mouth and points to the TV with his eyes. Wanda is still dozing on the sofa and does not really have the energy to demand bath time and attention from her Papa. She coughs a little lazily before sighing and curling up a little more where she is laying under the blanket that Tony draped over her. Steve thinks about it for a moment, then relents.
“Okay, but… secret. Gotta be a secret.” She puts a finger to her lips, then to his. “Okay, Papa? And then… go play with Peter.” She is eager to get back to her brother.
With a little huff, Peter gets up on his feet and takes Steve’s hand. He has got Pooh with his still, whose tucked under his arm safely, and his thumb in his mouth. Wanda seems very much content on the sofa and closes her eyes again to get some more rest. The exhaustion is finally kicking in as the girl has barely let herself rest during the last week and instead has insisted on playing and being up as much as possible.
Picking up the pale pink pull-up, Steve comes over to help Wanda clean up. He has got some wet wipes as well and begins cleaning around Wanda’s privates and the top of her thighs. “The pool’s super fun, yeah, but I’m afraid your brother can’t swim with the cast on. We could go just the two of us though. Or would you rather wait for Pete?”
Tony finishes putting Peter's arm back in the sling and holds him close.
“There’s a good boy. You’re doing so well. We’re very proud of you and you’re going to have a treat when you’re all done, okay?” Stephen keeps talking in a soothing voice as he inserts the thermometer, patting Peter’s bum gently. The boy yelps out at the invading and cold pressure and whines loudly into Pooh’s fluffy tummy. How did he end up here and not downstairs on his play mat?
“Colour here?” He asks, pointing to his cast.
“I absolutely promise, sweetheart. And you know Daddies can't break promises. You're going to have a lot of fun at daycare today.” Steve thinks that if he at least hypes it up to be a positive experience, Peter might go in with a better attitude. Tony, however, might be stuck with a very fussy little girl today. To try and relieve that, he says in a slightly sterner voice. “Wanda, I want you to be good for your Daddy. Do you understand? He'll take good care of you.”
“Yeah! Blue. Like sky.” Peter points upwards, even though they cannot see the sky from the hospital room. “And like…sea." There are so many colours to choose from, but he definitely thinks blue might just be his favourite. At least it is right now. “Dada says… Says colour on it.” He adds, remembering what Tony said about how his friends at daycare could sign his cast.
Why does everything have to be about Wanda? Peter frowns and folds his arms with a pout. Why cannot he just for once have some grown ups playing with him?
“Can it make me really pretty?” Wanda asks hopefully, before falling into a fit of coughing again. “I-I want the medicine that makes me pretty.”
“Hey, honey!” Steve sweeps Peter up into his arms and settles him on his hip. “I heard you guys were playing together. Are the dolls going on exciting adventures today?”
“Steve, uhm- what about Wanda? She’s still in daycare and we are closing in an hour.” Maria points out and Steve groans out, rubbing at his forehead as he thinks of what to do.
“Thank you, Daddy. I can brush your hair too.”
Peter's lower lip trembles. He clutches to Tony's hand and whispers.
“Come on, Papa bear, show me what you got then.” He chuckles with a smirk.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t kiss it better with the mask on. But, we’ll get you fixed up very soon.” Stephen comforts and lifts Peter up onto the procedure table carefully. With Thomas’ help, he gets Peter to lie down comfortably. “And Thomas tells me you want a blue cast on your arm, is that right?” Stephen asks, stroking Peter’s cheek while he looks down at the boy.
“Hun’wy, Dada!” Peter repeats, thinking his Daddy did not hear him the first time. He taps at Tony’s shoulder again, but more impatiently this time. At least he settles a little when he gets put in his high chair and gets a hold of his bottle.
“I...I was trying to-“ She stops and just sighs. “Sorry, Papa.”
“You’re right. We need to chill out.” Tony says, taking a deep breath. He thinks to figure out how to talk to Peter about this and reminds himself to stay calm. “Deep breaths.”
“We heard noises and decided to check if there’s a tsunami going on.”
“Shhh, baby, it’s all over now. Daddy's here, Daddy's got you. It's all done. You did such a good job. Shhh, shhh, it’s okay. I'm so proud of you, baby.”
“Lets just see how it develops. She could just wake up fine tomorrow after a day of just laying around with Peter.” Tony smiles, patting at Wanda’s back to sooth her when she begins protesting. “Cause you wanna help your big sis, don’t you?” Tony coos and turns to Peter who is clinging to Steve. He tickles the boy under his chin and gets a brilliant giggle in response.
“Is not owie... Is okay.” Peter explains, gesturing to his arm, but that is only due to the painkillers. “Don’t wanna be- here.”
“How long does it take?” Tony's voice shakes while he speaks. “Do you have to put him under? Do you have to-“
“Yeah, I’ll call him right away.” Steve says, fishing his phone from his pocket. “Thank you so much for staying with him, Maria. We really appreciate it.” He says quickly before finding a quieter place in the busy ER to call Vis.
“All done, Daddy. I did it!” She looks very proud of herself, if a little shaken up. “I did it all by myself. Because I'm big. I'm so big and I can do it. I can help Peter do it too!”
“All done!” Wanda announces, hopping out and splashing and dripping water everywhere, not caring at all that her hair is still soapy and wet. “Let’s go, Daddy.” She steps out of the tub and slips a little as she grabs his hand to pull him with her. “More cuddles. Now.”
“Here... Fix it, Dada...” Peter says and points to his left forearm. The area has started swelling a lot and there are bruises that are starting to show up too.
“Wheels. Is fast, Papa. Round.” Peter uses his other hand to make circle motions. He has been learning his shapes in daycare, and he is very proud to show them off. “Circle is round.” He points down to one of the tiles on the floor, meaning to say ‘square’, but gets it all mixed up. “Tri-triangle.”
“Daddy, I don’t feel good.”
“You’re so brave, bud.” Thomas smiles and pulls out a lollipop from his pocket, offering it to Peter. “Here, you can have this after you’ve finished your dinner, yeah? I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” The nurse says and then stands up from the bed, putting the rail back up. “Then, if you guys don’t have any more questions...” The nurse says, looking at the two Daddies.
“Ponyo it is.” Steve agrees. He has definitely seen it one too many times, but he will watch it again if it makes Peter happy, especially after this. “Good choice, honeybee. Are you all ready to take a little nap so they can fix you up?”
“You just listen, love, we’ll read to you.” Tony says softly and gently makes Wanda close her eyes. “You wanna do the bear’s lines, Papa?” Tony asks his husband, moving the book over so that they can both see.
“Hey, Wanda, we’re not done! Back in the tub, now.” Tony says, just a bit annoyed that Wanda decided to get out on her own instead of wait to be helped out like always. “I still have to rinse your hair and wash your body.” He argues. Wanda crosses her arms, wanting to argue, but finally decides it is not worth it. She gets back in telling him firmly.
“Not yet, kitten princess, just another moment.” Tony says gently, picking up on the pet name that Wanda wants in an instant. With two demanding Littles in the house, both Tony and Steve have perfected the skill of remembering and learning things that interest their Littles in seconds. He strokes the girl’s hair till the thermometer beeps, then pulls it out carefully and inspects the measurement. “It’s a bit too high than what Daddy likes, but we have medicine for that kitten.”
“Baby girl, come here.” Tony prompts and goes to pick Wanda into his arms and then moves to face Steve so that they can all talk. “Wanda, you’re staying home today because you’re sick and you need to rest and because we don’t want your friends at daycare to get sick too. Peter’s going, because he isn’t sick.” At least anymore as he recovered from his fever. It probably had more to do with the lack of attention that day and getting upset over it than anything physical.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh honey, she can’t come today,” Steve tries to explain. “She’s feeling icky still and we want her to rest and not get anyone sick until she’s all better. But, you’re still gonna have a lot of fun today. Maybe you can colour a picture and take it home for her.”
"I’ll get Wanda checked out when she’s out of the bath, Steve, but I’d really like to take a look at Peter right now if I could. Just to make sure he hasn’t caught anything on too. You can never be too careful.”
“Okay.” Wanda agrees. She darts into her room to go find something to wear and picks out her purple leggings with candy corn and black cats on them, thinking of Halloween. She manages to get dressed, albeit struggling a little bit, then grabs one of her plastic magic wands. Maybe Peter will want to play Cinderella and she can be a fairy godmother.
“Of course we’ll be your knights in shining armour. We’ll protect both you and your brother from all the scary things out there.” Tony assures and goes to place Wanda back on her seat. “And Papa’s with Peter now and he’ll protect him, all right? Do you want a banana to munch on while I make the pancakes?” He asks, wanting to distract Wanda from worrying about her brother again.
While his Dada is getting him a bottle, Peter pushes himself up into a sitting position after some struggle. He is sat in his bed with everything he needs close. He has got Pooh, a few books on his nightstand, a bottle of juice mixed with some water and his pain medication that he was prescribed by Stephen to deal with the pain after the surgery. Peter looks down at his cast arm, which is tucked up to his chest in a sling. He really hates the thing, because it makes him so wobbly on his feet and limits his movements so much. He cannot even play with duplo legos properly.
“Uh-huh!” Wanda says happily. While Tony turns his back to peal a banana, Wanda hops down from her seat. “Daddy, I wanna help. I can use the stove, remember?” Technically she is not supposed to and the one time she tried she burned herself, but those two things are conveniently left out of her memory as she gets up again and reaches for the knob. “Here, I show you. See? I can help, I promise.”
“Oh, darling, that’s not true.” Stephen chuckles, placing a hand on Wanda’s arm and squeezing reassuringly. “Even princesses get icky now and then and that doesn’t mean they stop being a princess.” He argues, but he knows there is not that much point in explaining more when Wanda is so out of it and just babbling. “You just rest and your Daddy will be back in a flash. He told me that you’ve been super brave and taking your meds every day.” The doctor praises.
Wanda wakes up feeling strange. She is sick and shaky in a way that she has never been before, even when she has had little colds. This is different, worse. Her whole body aches and she feels like she can barely move. She forces herself to get up though, moving her pink blankets off of her body so she can stumble out of bed and onto the floor. She is not quite sure what to do and considers waking up little brother Peter, but does not want to disturb him. Maybe er Daddies will mind if she wakes them up, but she is not quite sure what else to do. At the very least, maybe cuddling with them will make her feel better.
“Thank you.” Steve shows Peter the ID band he now has on his wrist. “See that, baby? We all match.”
At the sound of that, Wanda instinctively covers her bottom with both her hands and shakes her head. At the doctor’s words, Tony nods seriously and gives him a genuine smile.
“Peter...n-needs me. Told him I’d draw for him.” She had promised.
“Soon, baby. We're gonna go to see Stephen first. You like Stephen, don't you?” Steve thinks bringing up a familiar name might be helpful. “And he's going to take care of you and make sure that your owie is okay. Then, when he says you can go home, we'll take you and you can cuddle with Daddy and Papa all you want. We're gonna stay with you the whole time, okay?” His heart just aches for his baby boy, knowing how confusing and scary this must be. He really wants to make sure Stephen gets a look at Peter's head more than anything else. “We're almost there. You're being so good for us.”
“Good job, baby boy. You’re doing good.”
Peter is just about to lash out, but then he sees the lollipop and the sticker. He gasps out and takes them both, grinning widely and kicks his legs in excitement where he is sat on the edge of his bed. When Steve prompts him to say thank you, Peter looks up at Stephen.
“Princess, Papa.”
“Okay.” Steve takes a deep breath. “Should we tell him he’s going to have to have surgery? We should. It wouldn’t be fair to leave him in the dark. I just don’t want him to be afraid. Christ, he’s gonna… He’s gonna freak, isn’t he?”
Thank you sm for reading!
Peter giggles quietly at the praise, snuggling up to Steve even more before sighing in content. At the question, Peter looks over at his sister and considers. She looks pale, but her cheeks are rosy and there is just something about her overall that does not seem right. And of course the constant coughing. But, Peter feels just fine.
“He’s really pretty and he kisses me and he takes me to magic parties. And I get a tiara. Peter can live in the castle too. He could be a princess. And you, Daddy. And Papa. And then we’ll live happily ever after.” She kicks her legs sighing dreamily. “It’s gonna be really good. And no rules. Except to be happy. And no timeouts. Or thermators.”
Wanda squirms a little in Steve's arms, wanting to just cuddle with her brother.
Thank you sm for reading! This is the end of part one, but there will be a part two, so make sure to subscribe to the series to be notified about updates c:
“That sounds like a good plan, Petey. You just nap and I’ll talk to your Daddies, all right?” He says and gestures for the Daddies to follow him out into the hall.
“She won’t let me take her temp, not even orally.” Tony sighs a little hopelessly where he is stood in the hallway outside of Wanda’s room. He speaks quietly so that the girl will not hear him, but with all the coughing he is sure that she cannot hear much else. Tony passes the thermometer over to his husband with a pleading look. “Can you sweet talk her into it?”
“Hmm!” Peter nods with a smile. The promise of a story, and cuddles that naturally follow, sound exciting and he bounces on his feet lightly. But, then he thinks of something. “Story to Wan’a and Da?” He says, pointing to the pair still fast asleep on the sofa. Steve hesitates, then nods.
“It absolutely will.” Stephen promises her.
“’M a good princess, make everyone happy.” He says. Tony chuckles softly at the sweet interaction between the Little siblings as he continues to wash Wanda’s bottom half.
“Hey honey. Papa’s here.” Steve whispers. “How about we have some cuddles together and talk about tomorrow? Stephen is going to make sure you’re feeling better and that means we’re gonna stay just a bit longer before we go home. Then you’ll feel better, okay?”
“You two heading to bed now? I'll be there in a little while.” Steve says where he is sat by Peter’s bedside, stroking his hair while he suckles on a pacifier lazily, already practically in dreamland.
“I know, I know.” Tony says, not knowing what else to say and leans over to kiss his husband sweetly. Their kiss lingers for a bit, their lips just lightly touching before Tony gives one more peck and pulls back to meet Steve’s eyes again. “He’ll be all right.”
Tony smiles fondly when Wanda begins to babble again and kisses her forehead before continuing with the story. Half way through the chapter, Steve comes to join them.
“Okay, let’s see.” Steve says, looking for a marker that will show on the blue cast. He grabs a dark red marker and draws a little monkey on it which is surrounded by hearts. “There you go, love. It’s looking real pretty already.” He says and Peter grins. He knows that he will have to go back to daycare next week and he really wants to show his friends his cool cast.
“You sure she doesn’t need to go to the d-o-c-t-o-r?” He spells it out, knowing that they will be in for a world of trouble if he says it aloud. “She’s being pretty fussy.”
“Ponyo!” Peter shrieks. He always suggests that movie and his family is getting quite sick of it, but they try not to show it.
“Oh, gotcha. Well, we have a real princess right here, huh?” He kisses Wanda's forehead. “And she's looking pretty tired.”
Peter considers for a bit. He feels a bit sick to his stomach and his arm feels weird and numb in a way, but he is not hurting. He gives the doctor a thumbs up with his good hand. Tony and Steve watch a little anxiously as Stephen assess Peter’s condition.
“He might cooperate if you hold his hand.” The nurse says.
“You look sleepy, Petey. You ready for a nap?” Stephen asks, rubbing at Peter’s cheeks to provide some comfort.
“Daddy? Papa?” The boy knows they are not there, but that does not stop him from wishing they were. He settles down a little when he sees the cool masks Stephen and Thomas have though. “Oh, pretty.”
“Daddy? Do you really love me so much? Do you promise you’re gonna keep me? Just promise. Please, Daddy. You and Papa. Even when I’m bad? I’m trying.” Her voice is faded, and she is starting to fall asleep.
“Wanna go home.” Peter whimpers, then falls still in a bit of panic when Thomas starts cutting his t-shirt up. He frowns at that, not having a clue of what to think. He wants to be angry, because his frog shirt was just ruined, but his Daddies are not upset? This place keeps getting weirder and weirder.
After parking the car at the hospital, Vis goes around and opens the car-door for the little girl.
“Peter.” The girl says immediately. “Sometimes he’s a princess too. So he knows all the important jobs. And I love him.” She reaches down to try and touch the bubbles. “Daddy, I wanna sleep in your bed tonight. Can I?” She tries not to ask most of the time, but she is feeling desperate right now. “I’ll be good. I won’t have accidents or anything, pinky promise.”
“Cuddle. Now.” Wanda’s little voice is demanding. Stephen chuckles.
“Your prince, huh? What is your prince Charming like?” Tony asks with a chuckle and brings Wanda with him downstairs. He then sets the girl on her seat by the kitchen island before beginning to gather the supplies for the pancakes.
“Oh, what age range is your girl in?” Thomas asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s right. And you get to find out what it is if you’re really good for me. Can you do that?” Stephen keeps himself as calm and clear as possible. Poor Peter has had enough stress already. Before Peter can really protest, his Papa picks him up and brings him upstairs to his room. The doctor follows a step behind with his medical bag. “Can you lie on your stomach for me?”
“No nap.” Peter decides, although he really could use with a nap after his exciting and busy day at daycare. He usually has at least a lay down after getting home, even though he already napped at daycare with all the others. “Stowy, Papa!” Peter reminds with a slightly raised voice, patting the front of the book demandingly.
“Can I have a spanking instead?”
“Ai’plane?”
“Yup, we do a lot of that here.” Thomas winces a little. “Do you want me to help out? Littles tend to be more afraid if they don’t know what to expect.” He points out.
“That depends on how the surgery goes. If all goes well and his head is okay, he might be able to go home tomorrow night.” Stephen replies. “The ortho will perform the surgery and you’ll meet him tomorrow so you can ask him questions, but I’ll be with Peter the whole time while he is awake and then help him come around to from the anaesthesia afterwards.”
“It’s good to see you too. Thank you so much for taking her.” Tony sighs. “We were just so freaked out yesterday and now they’re… Well, doing a procedure and they think he’ll be okay, but it’s still so much for him to handle.” He smiles at Wanda. “I hope she behaved for you.”
“M’scared.” Wanda whispers. “Cus if I have accidents maybe a prince won't marry me. Can I still have a prince, Papa? Can I?”
“I… need it. And I didn’t draw Peter’s pictures yet!” She grabs a marker and leans over to doodle on his cast. She is not a good writer, but she knows her name and writes ‘Luv Wanda’ on his cast. “See? Now you, Daddy.”
Peter does not quite grasp the complexity of Steve’s apology, but all he needed to hear was that his Papa wants to play with him and he grins widely. He hops down from the bed and pads over to give his Papa a big hug. After a moment, he pulls back and points to his doll house.
“Listen to Papa, princess.” Tony warns before Wanda can begin on insisting that she will play with her brother. “Can you turn over? We gotta check your temp.” Tony explains. The thermometer he has in his hand is all ready with a single use plastic cover with some light lubrication on it to ease the temperature taking process for everyone. Wanda shakes her head, sticking her trembling lower lip out in a pout.
“Moo and My.”
“But, we are the knights, baby. Papa and I protect you and your sister from all danger.” Tony says, turning to look at Peter before grabbing the towel and helping Wanda up.
”That’s my bravest girl.” Tony grins and kisses both of Wanda’s cheeks. ”You can go play while I make breakfast, all right? Then we’ll eat on the sofa and watch a Barbie movie.” He says and then pats the girl’s bum before the head to the kitchen again.
“Good boy, deep breaths now.” Stephen instructs when Peter doesn’t seem to freak due to the mask and presses it to his face properly. Gently, the doctor tilts the boy’s head back so that his airways are clear.
After a moment, Steve returns looking a bit less wound up.
“Bye bye.” Peter says a little sadly, waving at his sister before turning to Steve. “P’omise?” He asks, extending his pinky to make it a pinky promise just to be sure. Promises about him getting to spend time with his sister are serious business. Steve hooks his pinky around Peter's and gives him a kiss on the forehead.
When Tony returns, he opens the door to Peter’s room and whispers.
Hello! Welcome to this collab done by Ariel (fairydelight) and Rafni (professional_benaddict, me). I’ll be updating this series on Tuesdays and Saturdays, so make sure to subscribe!
“Help Wan’a.” The boy says with a determined nod.
“There. Your first signature.” Tony says, capping the marker. “How’s your arm, honey?” He asks, touching Peter’s fingers lightly. “Is it feeling okay? I think you look like you’re healing pretty well. I bet Stephen will be happy.”
“Oh God…” Tony tries to think. “I guess I’d better call around and see if we can get a babysitter for her. I think she’ll be too upset if we bring her to the hospital.” Wanda is a sensitive soul and she will definitely be upset to see her beloved little brother in this condition. “She must be terrified. Maybe Vis can take her for a little while. Steve, can you call and ask? We’re gonna read a little story here.” He opens up the book and kisses Peter’s cheek. “Alright baby boy, let’s read your story. Is Pooh going to listen too?”
Steve sighs heavily.
“Okay.”
“You’re very welcome. Thank you for being such a brave boy for me.” Stephen tells the boy. “Now Peter, I want you to rest and drink lots and lots today, okay? And I’d like to talk to your Papa for just a moment.”
“You're getting close, bud.” Tony laughs.
The girl nods and clasps her hands together.
“You’re right, Stephen.” Steve sighs. “I’ll talk to him. Thank you, Stephen.” Steve smiles before heading back into the room with Stephen, but the doctor does not stay and picks up his bag to head to Wanda’s room to check on the girl next. However, Steve remains with Peter and crouches down in front of him on the bed, trying to figure out what to say.
“Wasn’t quick...” Peter argues quietly since the MRI scan took over 5 minutes. But, all the crying and pain is making him exhausted so he simply slumps against Tony.
“Thank you!” He then passes the lollipop over to his Papa for him to remove the plastic wrapping and then pops the treat into his mouth.
“Daddy, Stephen said I’m a good patient.” Wanda says proudly. “And I’m trying so hard. Honest. Do you love me?” Her throat hurts, but she just keeps talking. “I’m so tired and I...oh.” She looks at the pills in Tony’s hand. “Is it gonna make me feel better?”
“Yeah.” The girl says and nods. “I don’t like it, but I’m gonna be really brave and not kick. So when Peter has to get it done he doesn’t feel as scared and I can be brave for him. And when I have to get a shot I don’t cry too. Promise. I’m a really big girl.” She feels a little better now. “Let’s play, Daddy.”
“Absolutely.” Steve picks him up and takes him to bed, making sure to hold Peter securely in his arms. He gets up just to switch off the lights and turn on the fan, so there is a soft breeze and comforting white noise in the air. “I love you so much, baby. Try to get some sleep now. Papa’s not going anywhere.”
“We’re gonna take you upstairs now where the magic happens.” Stephen says. “We’re gonna fix your arm and put a blue cast on in.” He adds.
“No, but!” Peter tries to argue, but let’s himself be placed on his own bed. He reaches over for his Winnie the Pooh stuffie and tucks it under his arm. “Don’t wike it...” He adds when he hears how Stephen is looking through his medical bag for something. “Wanna play doc, not- no this.” Peter explains, feeling just a bit betrayed that the events turned out like this instead of him playing with the two caregivers on his play mat. He would have liked to have shown the doctor his duplo lego creations.
“We go home, Papa?” They are driving after all so they could be on their way home.
“Yes, we’ll get you taken care of, little love.” Stella smiles. With Peter in the private ambulance with Steve and the paramedics, Tony follows them in the car and they all head to Greenwood hospital instead.
Also, follow our Tumblrs fairydelight and professional-benaddict
“Mine.” Peter pouts a little, leaning over to be closer to his food. Thomas chuckles and nods.
“Super yummy, huh? That’s great. I’m almost jealous over here.”
“Nu uh.” Peter says with a shake of his head.
“I'd rather not take any chances to be honest with you.” Steve admits. “He plays at daycare with other Littles and you know how that can go. Probably better to keep him at home and resting for a while.”
“I know you don’t, baby girl, but we’ll get you some medicine once we are done here, okay? Would you like some juice with it?” Tony asks, trying to distract Wanda as he gently parts her cheeks before inserting the thermometer. Wanda bursts into tears and tries to squirm out of it. Steve shushes her, stroking her hair comfortingly.
“Sleep tight, my loves.” Tony says, leaning over to give both his Littles a kiss after Steve. After a few moments, both the Littles are promptly asleep, breathing and snoring softly. “Babe?” Tony asks quietly, looking up at Steve after watching the siblings sleep for a while.
“You’re so sweet and considerate, princess.” Tony praises with a grin. After a quick ride up the elevator, Tony walks down the hall to Peter’s room and for a second he gets a mix of panic and relief at seeing Stephen in Peter’s room talking to Steve. “What’s going on? How’s Peter? Is he okay?” Tony blurts out.
“We play now?”
“Sure thing.” Steve smiles, glancing over his shoulder when he hears the Littles get down from the table and pad to the living room to play. “That reminds me, actually.” Steve says, opening up a cupboard up high where the Littles can’t reach. “The little man needs another dose of his painkillers.” He muses and takes out two pills to crush them into powder and then mix into Peter’s bottle. Stephen had advised them to do that because he thought Peter was too little to swallow the pills.
“How about we let the little man rest, yeah? Right, doctor?” Steve asks Stephen. Wanda frowns and taps on Steve's shoulder.
“Yeah, but… I can think in the corner.” Wanda usually does most of her deep thinking there actually, even if it is not fun. “I don’t know how to be good. I wanna play with Peter at daycare and I can’t and I feel sad.” It comes out in a rush. “Because I’m icky. What if I make him icky too?” She turns to Peter worriedly. “Do you feel good or bad?”
“Papa...” He whimpers, kicking his legs a little under the blanket. A moment later, both Stephen and Thomas enter the room with easy going smiles on their faces.
“You can give her a little kiss, sweetheart. You're very nice for doing that.” Steve just adores what a caring soul Peter is, so small and soft and sweet. “How about you two watch some movies together? I think that might be fun for both of you.” He glances at Tony as soon as he says it is a moderate fever. “I'll get her some juice and ibuprofen. Maybe it's just a twenty-four hour thing and she'll be better soon.”
“Daddy.” Wanda squirms around. “Can I get out now? I have to.” She explains to Peter. “So I can get better and be happy again. And I need a prince. Who’s your prince?”
“Nu uh! Wanna go home, Dada! Papa!” Peter continues to wail and squirm around, which only makes his pain worse. He tries to get away from Stephen, but he can hardly get far, so he plops down on the bed and kicks his legs since he can’t throw his arms around.
Peter blushes a little at all the praise and looks shyly up at his Daddy before lowering his gaze to his cast again.
“Open up for Daddy, baby, then we can cuddle. Tongue out.” Tony instructs gently, but with just enough edge to show Wanda that they are not budging on this. He holds out one of the pills, waiting for Wanda to show her tongue so that he can place the pill on it. Wanda hesitated, but finally obeys and takes the pills. She makes a face and lays back.
“Hmm!” Peter nods around the spoonful that Tony is feeding him. The boy usually loves bath time, but with the cast it has become a bit tricky and less exciting. His Daddies put a plastic cover on his arm every time and he cannot put it into the water still, which sucks. But, he can still splash and play with the other hand and he can kick his feet too, even though his Daddies do not like it when he does that.
“Wait.” She says immediately. It is much more fun with him, and she does not want him to feel left out. “‘Cause then we can splash and do mermaids and stuff. And go under the water. But not, because it’s scary.” She is rambling now. “Papa, gotta question.”
Wanda gets to see Peter after his surgery.
Once in the MRI room, Stephen starts to coax Peter into the scanner. Stephen and Tony will have to leave the room during the scan, so the boy will be all alone. But, there is a speaker and microphone in the scanner, so Peter can hear his Daddy.
“Without any complications, it takes an hour or two. And yes, he’ll be put under general anaesthesia, so he won’t feel anything nor remember anything when he wakes up.” Stephen explains calmly, paying close attention to how the Daddies seem to handle the news. “With Littles as young as Peter, we put them to sleep just using the gas, so it is painless and once they are asleep, we’ll prepare them. Peter won’t even know what hit him.” He smiles a little.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, absolutely.” Stephen promises. “I’ll talk you through everything as I'm doing it, okay? And when you're done you can have a little treat.” Peter was right, Stephen has no shortage of lollipops on hand. “Come on, sweetheart. Can you look at my finger?” Stephen requests, moving his finger from side to side, taking note on Peter’s eye movement. Next, he grabs his penlight and is happy to see that the boy’s pupils react normally.
“I think he definitely needs a quiet place to finally rest. We are long over due a change as well.” Tony remembers suddenly, patting at Peter’s padded bum.
Wanda breathes a sigh of relief. The past week has been so stressful, so full of fear that she is going to be cast out and abandoned by the people who she loves the most in the whole entire world. She giggles as Tony kisses her forehead and looks up to meet his eyes.
“I know it feels funny, baby, but it's good for you. It lets us know how sick you are.” Steve tries to explain. “You’ve gotta trust that we wouldn't hurt you. I know… I know that's hard to believe sometimes. But I promise it's true. Come on, angel, can you try to be good for Papa and Daddy? I promise it'll be okay.”
Peter frowns hard when he sees Steve on the phone and listens to the conversation and realises that his sister is even more sick than before. Instead of getting worried for Wanda, Peter gets angry at everyone and stomps his foot and tugs on Steve’s arm again.
“Check her temp again in a few hours to see how she’s doing. I think she’ll be fine.”
“She’ll be okay.” Stephen tells Tony. “I’m sure she doesn’t want her temperature taken again, but do it if you feel like she’s getting worse.”
“Wanda, stay still or we’re gonna have to start over.” Tony warns, making his voice a bit more stern now. At the mention of his name, Peter peaks up from where he is kneeling on the floor, but then yelps quietly and covers his eyes with his hands.
“Hi, baby!” Tony smiles, having arrived before them and stands waiting with Stephen in front of the ambulance ER entrance. Stephen walks forward to greet Peter too, smiling down at him kindly.
Tony has read this story more times than he can count at this point, but right now he realises that he could read it a million times more without getting tired of it. The fear that he felt when he heard Peter had been hurt… Well, he will do just about anything for his little boy right now. He takes it slow and speaks softly, not wanting to bother Peter’s head with anything too loud. When he gets to the end, he closes the book and looks up at Steve worriedly. “Shouldn’t the doctor be here by now?”
“No temp.”
“Dada? Papa…”
“Papa prince.” Peter giggles, patting at Steve’s shoulder while he sucks and munches on the carrot still.
“It's luckily just a mild concussion.” Stephen says, having studied the images while Peter was in the scanner. “We'd better get his arm x-rayed quickly, so that he can have a rest. But, take a minute to calm him down. You did such a good job, Peter.”
“Wanna play...” Peter frowns, then whimpers tiredly.
“Play.” Peter demands with a pout. Steve kneels down and cups Peters face in his hands.
“That or she’ll be thrilled to be around her one true love.” Steve says with a fond roll of his eyes. “I’ll call and see. Maybe Peter can say hi to her too and that might make him feel better. Seeing another familiar face.”
“Yeah, you’ve had a long day I bet.” Thomas says to Peter, and this time the boy feels up to meeting the nurse’s eyes and nods a little in response. Thomas smiles widely back and brings over a table and sets the tray down so that it is in front of Peter. “Do you like mac and cheese, bud? I got a sippy cup of milk for you here too.” He says. Peter feels his mouth water at the sight of the food and his hunger suddenly hits him. He points to the spoon and looks up at Tony.
