“Yes? I assumed you had them in your fancy wardrobe.” Greg replied.
“Mycroft, you are stating the obvious.” He looked up with a raised brow and it was so Sherlock, Mycroft relaxed. This was his brother and no matter what had been done to him, he would be here to listen and tell him his thoughts in this matter.
“I need to talk to some people. You can check online.” But John shook his head.
Sherlock fell back on the mattress and checked his body and mind for long minutes. He took stock of everything but found nothing bad.
Right then, Greg returned.
“11.30.” John nodded.
Sherlock eyed the already served breakfast and scanned the offerings. He questioningly looked at his brother but Mycroft had his back turned. He decided to take a plate and some scrambled eggs. Finally, there ended a roll on his plate with jam, a sausage, and some cucumbers. He also poured coffee and sat on the sofa. He balanced the plate on his lap and listened to his brother.
“Don’t you miss someone?”
“John, I'll be gone for a bit. Please, don't leave Baker Street without me. I'll be back as soon as possible. Here is your mobile, just in case of an emergency. I will alert Mrs Hudson. If you need anything, she will be up in a second.”
But John topped it when tightening little bells around his nipples and a feather on top of the head. Sherlock blushed and John smiled smugly looking him up and down.
“Ralphie, good to see you, too. I am sorry for not having been in contact but the moment I saw your advert, well. Here I am to pimp up my sub a bit.” The doctor looked at Sherlock now.
He watched him while enjoying his drink. Admittedly, he was tired, too. But he also still was excited.
“You are such an animal!” He loudly exclaimed shaking his head. Sherlock cast his eyes and felt all the humiliation. John opened the door.
They watched the whole film without talking or moving. When the credits ran over the screen, they looked at each other.
“Calm down. You are safe now. I will kill everyone who touched you in a very wicked way and also very slowly. And I will film it for you.” Moriarty smiled but it looked tired.
“I would like that very much...” Sherlock felt happy. Ian really was a good man.
“I agree. Get Anthea, too.” Mycroft nodded and both men settled at the large table. It left John and Greg standing around like furniture.
“Listen, brain-head. Your damn brother pulled me away from a concert I had been waiting to attend for months. It was utterly embarrassing because everybody thought I was arrested.”
“No, let me. I want to do it.” John dropped his hands and was undressed very carefully. His clothes just landed in a pile on the floor. An enema set was already on the toilet lid. John eyed it and suddenly there was Sherlock’s hand on his lower back.
“You smell delicious, your limping will fade away as soon as you are living with me, I don’t care about your scars and I can’t wait to have you beneath me.” John was dumbstruck and somehow even in awe. He knew he wanted to stay and he also knew he liked that guy. Otherwise he wouldn’t have come here tonight. The fact that Sherlock Holmes was a vampire left aside, this might work out. So, he let out his breath and calmly said:
“You went to Baskerville to interrogate him for two bloody days. Please, I need to know. I want to know what he had to say.”
“No. I am coming with you.” Sherlock gave in.
They stood in the semi-dark hall looking at each other. Greg actually sensed no danger and passed by her putting the gun behind the hem of his denims.
Sherlock was rendered speechless. John looked smug. Their eyes met and Sherlock pulled John into his arms and snogged him senseless. John came when Sherlock touched the place behind his balls.
“It was beautiful. Moreover, I did something I have never done before. I let you tie me up and I desperately wanted, needed, to suck your cock. I was in bloody heaven! Right after, I felt like floating. The pain in my nipples, the constant pull made the pain rise and fall as well as the ropes everywhere, your fingers pulling my hair. Just fucking everything! You were perfect! If I had only known before…” He shook his head.
“No, he can’t do that!” He looked shocked and now it became interesting.
Mycroft’s fingers did something on his steering wheel and soft classical music started to play. Greg turned his head to look at him.
“We are good. Don't worry.” Only then he started on breakfast for Greg and himself. He sat down with him.
“I will open the stopper now and empty the fluid into your bowels. I will rub your stomach and you will feel some pain but it will stop soon. You will feel the need to get up but you have to hold it. We will wait for about fifteen minutes and then you may use the toilet and empty yourself. Have a shower afterwards and come back to me.”
But he couldn’t help himself. He fell asleep and the last thing he saw was John.
“What do you want me to do?” Sherlock asked. John nodded and led the way up into his office.
“You amazing man…” He roughly said still panting. Sherlock turned his head.
“What is going on here? This isn’t simple murder!” Greg said and Sherlock had to agree. He looked at his mobile and found he had a net. At once, he texted his brother to tell him they had escaped. The reply came almost instantly.
John in the meantime spoke to his chief of security and gave instructions regarding his associate. They weren’t nice but they were clear. He needed to protect it. They were to shoot his partner in crime when he approached it or touched it without John being around.
Suddenly there was John by his side touching him. Touching him? He grabbed his arms and rubbed them.
They slept in late and John only woke because Sherlock dropped something in the kitchen. He groaned and buried his face into the bedding.
“Sherlock, you can’t ignore it.”
“I mean, I do appreciate what you did but you didn’t have to if you don’t like it and…” John lifted his finger and Sherlock clamped his mouth shut.
“Yes, that hurts, doesn’t it? It needs to be pulled out; you see? Or you will get a nasty infection. You know, I know everything about infected wounds.” The man muttered something and tried to push John’s hands away but he was too weak.
“Of course, you can stay.” Ian's face told Sherlock where he would like him to stay and he relaxed.
“Thank you.” That made him smile again. He felt a bit better now. Perhaps he should talk about it with John. Find out, what was going on in John’s mind. He decided it was a good thing to do.
Sebastian suddenly stood by his side and held him back by his shoulders.
„What?“ John's head shot up and he swallowed. He wasn't only excited, by now he was aroused. Both things coming up had made his cock swell.
Several seconds passed but Greg was able to see he was typing a reply.
Automatically he started to mix butter with herbs for roasted bread. He also prepared a tomato salad. He found some smoked salmon and used that, too. At last he took the melon with prosciutto. He was very pleased with his arrangement and expectantly looked at Greg.
“You are here with me. That’s all I need. I am not alone.”
Saliva and snot covered Sherlock's face as well as all the pre-cum. He gurgled but kept sucking when he could. He hollowed his cheeks and sucked hard making his dom groan and clawing into his hair.
“No, don't be. Listen, I actually don't want to be here. I am gladly offering my flat. You know it already. There is not much space. But you could offer your place.” Greg said and Sherlock tilted his head.
A few minutes later, an unmarked helicopter landed quietly. It was a brand-new and very quiet model. Several men poured out and Sherlock waited for them to approach. He actually knew some of them. They had been working together.
But he didn’t know if John wanted him. Did he even like him? Or was it just the behaviour of a natural caretaker? Sherlock had no idea. He only had desires.
“Thank you, Gregory.” Mycroft quietly said after Greg was done with his song.
“It's my bloody job! I owe it to Sherlock.” Mycroft didn't reply at once but Greg could hear him breathe.
“The talk will give us the much-needed time. John will be inside the courtroom and wait for Sherlock to appear as a witness. The witnesses will be led in one by one and I put Sherlock in the middle. We will take him away from the room he will be waiting in. He will be patiently waiting to be called in. I will take him away myself. He knows me and he will listen to me.”
“Don’t worry, love. I simply want to fuck you and come inside you.” Sherlock relaxed.
“Now I need to punish you for pissing on the hardwood. Afterwards you will clean the floor and then yourself. When you are done, you will join me in the living room.” Sherlock nodded.
“We have talked about this. You do remember that, don’t you?” Greg calmly asked.
“Where does this come from?” He quickly ate half of a chocolate bar.
“At first you didn’t realise how aroused I was but when you did, you started to play a bit by forcing my arm back, by pulling my hair and everything you did was perfect. But you never let me come and I was so hard for you, so hard.” Here Sherlock stopped and licked his lips.
John left and he was limping.
“What about him anyway?” He asked.
“Well, try again.” His face showed a very smug expression when he just walked away into their kitchen and started to prepare tea.
“Maybe? Come on, Sherlock. Please?” Greg said.
“John? What's up?” John's voice was shaky when he said:
“I am. He will have one. I already have found the perfect place. The moment Dr Watson's organisation has been destroyed; he will move in.” Mycroft seemed to be convinced about it.
Sherlock smiled feeling good to be able to support John. A very strong dom. His dom.
“I got that. But it was too much. He can’t rule over me like this. He has to talk to me.” Greg said.
Weakly, Sherlock lifted his arm needing him close. No matter what he had done to him, he simply needed him now.
“Very good, John. You are just perfect. Come on now and get up.” Sherlock whispered and moved off his body. He gently pulled John into the bedroom and undressed him.
“No, I am not. I have made my experiences in the past. Good experiences. I loved these games in bed. I haven’t done anything remotely deviant in years.” He sighed.
“Or have John sign for them.” John snorted.
“I am sure it was the same person who told you not to touch your rings, right?” Sherlock nodded.
Ian's head rested on his elbow and he kept looking at him for a long time. Actually, he looked at him until he slowly woke. The snoring stopped and was replaced with a snuffle. He rolled on his back and languidly stretched.
Time passed by rather quickly and soon enough it was late afternoon. John felt Sherlock’s eyes rest on him and he looked up. Sherlock almost looked greedy. John remembered what he had said before and slowly got out of his armchair. He walked over to him and sat on his armrest.
“Yes, you did. In the hay.” John grinned and plucked some out of his hair. Sherlock blushed.
“Oh God, don’t make something up! Consider the punishment! So?” He had been angry and pulled hard at his locks. Sherlock steadily focused on one button of his dress shirt.
She didn’t ask anything and just waited him out. After dinner, John sighed and started to talk.
“Have you talked with him about sex?” Sherlock curiously asked.
“Yes, Anthea?” He said and slowed a bit down.
“Nothing is wrong, Sherlock. I just want to change into something comfy. And since I have my few belongings in this room, I need to go here sometimes.”
John was quite a bit surprised. Mycroft had given this to Sherlock to get what he wanted? Needed? Did that mean he wanted or needed him? His surprise changed to confusion and he still looked at Sherlock who looked back.
“Get closer and lower your body.” Sherlock did that, too. The man stood behind him and pushed his feet wide apart. John in the meantime had taken the camera off the tripod and stood beside them filming a close-up.
“Sebastian? This is John speaking. We have found your boss. He needs to go to a hospital because he is badly injured. Tell me where to take him.” He told him his coordinates and waited.
“You will do anything for me! Absolutely anything! And of course, I promised to make you behave and lure you in, you stupid cunt!” His dom yelled up into his face standing in front of him. Now Sherlock screamed and pushed against his chest. But John was a trained close combat fighter and he took his wrists and pulled. Sherlock was forced forward and a fist hit his side. He felt sick and groaned but he kept standing. He only stumbled a few steps away.
Mycroft tilted his head. He was clearly surprised by the emotions that ran over John’s face. He could read him just as well as Sherlock. John was an open book.
Later they sat on the sofa. Sherlock looked at John.
“Shut up!” Sherlock stilled again.
“I love you, too…”
He attached the heavy nipple clamps and switched them on. He chose a slow pulse. He sat cross-legged by his side and watched him suffer.
“Don't worry, Sherlock. I am here. I am not leaving. Do you hear me?” Sherlock let out a pained noise which almost broke John's heart.
“Tell him exactly that. Let him know how much you are struggling. Thinking. Wanting. It will be all fine.” Mycroft sighed and John followed Sherlock upstairs. The door stood open and John stepped inside closing it. He was home and at once relaxed.
“My protection detail might not recognise me and lose my tail.” Greg laughed.
But rules could also say what was allowed and what the other had to accept, such as smoking on the roof.
John could just stare. He slowly pulled out and cleaned his finger with a towel he had brought before.
„But you ...“ John stopped him.
“Not in here. Find some other bath.” Greg started to look into the other rooms and found a second bath. It was small but Sherlock simply nodded.
Sherlock swallowed and tightly held him. Finally, he let go and looked into his eyes.
“Isn’t this supposed to be gone after an orgasm?” He naturally had to ask. John had to clear his throat.
“Stop it!” Sherlock hunched his shoulders but managed.
John was working while Sherlock looked at the crime scene. Of course, he knew everything about it but he didn't tell anything. He appeared to be clueless for once. He felt a bit sorry for the Detective Inspector but since it wasn't Lestrade but someone else he had never met before he didn't care too much.
“Stop being such a great kisser! I don’t want to come into my underwear like a bloody teenager.” John made a step back. Sherlock just looked at him not being sure if he had made a mistake. John saw his confusion and calmed himself down.
“So, do you. Finally.” Then there was silence until Sherlock cleared his throat.
He was still eating when he heard the door downstairs. It was John and he was early. Sherlock grinned. John’s steps were a bit different. He was probably walking with spread legs. Sherlock grinned.
“What do you mean?” John carefully asked.
And suddenly it dawned on Sherlock. This was his fault. He had done this to John. He had tied him up and made him suffer through the stress-positions. Sure, he had given him a safeword and he had relied on him to use it if necessary. But he should have known better. He should have seen. And he cast his eyes.
“Sherlock?” John asked leaning against the counter looking at him. Sherlock’s head came up slowly.
“You can indeed hear me. Interesting.” John tilted his head a bit.
The next thing was John moving down on his knees and rolling him on his side opening his shirt. He took his nipples between his fingers and pulled and pinched them before he put the clamps on.
Sherlock tasted sweet, there was something like cacao and a little hint of tobacco and fruit. It was nice.
“Anyway, see you later!” He called and left. Sherlock stood and looked out of the window. He saw John disappear into the tube and checked upstairs if he had donned a prepared boxer.
He was in severe pain when he was kicked into a cage and hit the bars. The cage was small. He had to pull up his legs and hunch his body. He would cramp soon. He already needed to pee.
“Are you happy to serve me soon, bitch?” John whispered into his ear.
“I agree. Next time though you might bring your handcuffs into the game, dear Gregory.” Mycroft lowered his head and they kissed good-bye. Greg felt his cock twitch and Mycroft smirk. He gently pushed him back.
“Your guest will arrive at 5 o'clock. She booked tea-time, then some fingering and licking followed by dinner and some bondage and sex for dessert.” Sherlock was frozen. His client was a woman? He never had had sex with a woman. What was he supposed to do?
“Admit it, John. You like this. Me.” The pressure from Sherlock’s palm increased a bit. John didn’t answer him but tried to get up and move away. But now Sherlock held him down.
Two hours later Sherlock closed his book and switched off the light. He carefully moved down and pulled John close.
“I want you to top me.” He spoke the words and felt Sherlock tense beneath him. And then he sat up and took John with him. John was fairly surprised when he ended up between his sub's legs leaning against him. But he stayed.
“I am absolutely pleased with its performance tonight. It worked better than expected. It will be rewarded.” Sherlock gave everything he could and John came into his mouth. He had lowered his head when noticing John was ready.
“Thank you very much, John.” Mycroft politely thanked him. He saw he was wearing the collar again which was actually a good sign. They must have talked already. Well, otherwise he wouldn’t have been in his brother’s bed, would he? Mycroft sighed trying to shut down his brain for a second and enjoy his drink.
“Oh, fuck …” The man muttered. And he loosened his restraints until only the gag and wrist cuffs were left. He rolled him on his back and easily moved him up to lean against the headrest. He looked at him out of hooded eyes. Quickly Sherlock cast his eyes. He could hear him chuckle and then pat his thigh.
“OK.” Sherlock slowly nodded and made a few steps towards Greg.
He didn't want them to have fights because of the sex. Mycroft needed to be happy. He deserved to be happy. And if he needed to ask questions or even experiment, then he should do just so. But he needed Greg to do so. Greg needed to provide assistance in this matter. They needed to talk. Urgently.
“I am very, very green with everything.” John answered smiling. Sherlock pecked a kiss on his nape.
“Tell me about Watson, Sebastian.”
John moved into the back with Greg who just shook his head.
“Don’t forget to fuck me.” Sherlock was serious.
“No, I am taking the tube.” They smiled at each other and kissed properly.
“Miss Adler brought proof that Sherlock is in real danger. Please, tell him what you told me.” Now Mycroft did look at her. And she spoke about everything she knew and how she found out. Finally, she handed over the DVD. He hesitantly took it. It had no cover but Mycroft had seen these cases before.
“I just keep hoping for the outcome.” Sherlock whispered back. They kissed some more until Sherlock finally rolled on his back. John’s nose touched his skin.
The moment he returned into the flat he had to shed his clothes. Only then he was allowed to do the chores.
“I found out. Never mind me. We have to take care of Sherlock.” He locked eyes with Greg and found he simply returned his stare. He was impressed. Was he as strong as he himself?
“I don’t mind at all. Come closer. I will stay with you.” John tiredly smiled and rolled on his side with his back to him. Sherlock’s arm came over his waist and held him. For a second, he nuzzled into his hair and then continued to read. John held on to his hand and had their fingers entwined. Very slowly he fell asleep again.
“She didn’t say.” He said.
“I believe I am; you know?” A gentle smile was on Mycroft’s face and Sherlock did love the sight of it.
“I suppose you are rather old, aren’t you? You surely must have had somebody? You need to feed, don’t you?” Sherlock nodded.
Soon after he left and hailed a cab. He rode over to Ian's home. It was early in the evening and his heart was beating fast when he stood in front of the door to the apartment complex. He rang the bell and a sharp voice came out of the speaker.
Ian left Sherlock doing his wonders and returned to John's side. He fell into an armchair and John poured him a drink, too. Ian smiled.
They both slumped into the bath and showered. Sherlock sat on the counter and watched John cooking. He actually liked that; it was domestic. At first, he had thought it pedestrian but not anymore.
“They left just half an hour ago. They took everything away, including the corpse.” It was Mr Leicester, their former host, talking from behind them. He had sneaked up on them. Greg turned around and made a step back.
They finished dinner and John placed his glass on the table. Sherlock pulled him up and into the bedroom. He undressed him and placed him on the bed. His hands moved languidly over John’s body and he kissed and sucked his nipples. Soon John was hard and so was Sherlock.
“Myc told me you were coming over. We appreciate it.” They shook hands and Anthea quickly scanned Sherlock's appearance. He knew her of course but wouldn't look at her for long. She just took another chair and sat by his other side carefully avoiding to crowd him. Instead she looked at the screen.
Sherlock swallowed. The thought alone aroused him heavily but John was right. This was something not to be done alone. John must be present for it. But they would use it. And the straightjacket, as well as all the straps and the medical mask could be used any time. He carefully touched the material. Everything was made from thick leather. White leather. He buried his face into it and inhaled deeply.
“Yes, I have several appointments tomorrow. But I will be back to visit you if you like and your brother allows it.” Sherlock at once looked at Mycroft who just nodded his approval.
sometimes.
Somehow, they reached Marseilles. They sold one of the watches John had taken and were given instructions on how to reach the coast of Africa. Greg spoke French so no one was able to cheat them. John simply followed him and Sherlock followed John.
John let go and watched him fall to the side. His mouth stood open and he breathed hard and loud. John used his foot to put some more pressure on his prick. He slowly moved his foot over it and saw him shake and tremble.
“Yes, Master.” His leash was handed over and the man left. A pull was made and he followed it. They stopped in front of a stretcher.
„Not, that's not necessary. I won't have the time to watch it. A recording is just fine. I look forward to it. A very private snuff video. I didn't have that in a long time!“ He rubbed his hands.
“Thanks!” He rushed upstairs and heard the voices already.
Sherlock padded into the living room and followed the cluttering into the kitchen. John turned upon his arrival. His eyes roamed over his body and he smiled approvingly.
“Yes, absolutely. I will tell him about you coming over though.”
Sherlock became hard and erect and he wasn't gagged. He let it all out. He groaned and moaned and made noises.
„What have you got there?“ John asked looking at the syringe. Sherlock stated his idea but wasn't sure if John liked it. He would follow John's lead and hold back but John had offered and asked him what he wanted to do.
Mycroft had provoked him. Willingly. And he fell for it. He knew Mycroft was a stubborn brat. Not so different from his brother then. Normally though he was in control of himself. But probably the whole business with Sherlock had scratched on his attire. And Greg had let it happen. He blamed himself. He shouldn't have yelled.
“How?” His fingers scratched over his scalp.
“Yes, perhaps I should.” He cleared his throat. Then he rather abruptly stood.
“Yes, I do know I have to see you. But I don’t have to like it. No, I don’t. I’ll be there.” He angrily hung up. He fumed. Sherlock could feel his anger. Possibly John hadn’t even seen him coming back. He slowly approached him.
“Open your hair.” Sherlock loosened his hair which had grown over the time he had been living here. John greedily looked at him.
“Can I assist you then? Please?” He had lowered his voice and stared into her eyes when asking. She started to sweat and the heat crept up.
“Actually, it's the best time, no waiting lines for examinations and such. We would like to have a look if you feel OK enough.” She shrugged and tried to get up.
“Please, you have to come down.” John switched into doctor’s mode and his voice changed, too. He climbed on the bed and knelt by his side. He put an arm around his shoulder and felt his cold and clammy skin through the fabric of his wrinkled dress-shirt.
“I think I do. I also think I might up the ante back home.” Greg stared into his eyes and looked forward to it.
“It is a bit inflamed. After breakfast and a shower, we can put some ointment on it. Dr Kim left some for you.” He took Sherlock's wrist and pulled.
“Whatever you say...” He followed him upstairs and was rather surprised to find a nice room with a big bed and a fire-place.
“Yes, it made me his. It was a proof of love.”
“Sort of. He shows how it is supposed to be done correctly.”
“Is everything alright? You sounded … sad?” But John shook his head.
“Yes, it was. Sir.” He spat out the honorific and Sergej knew the fun would begin right now.
Sherlock slowly blinked his eyes open. His eyes moved between his brother and Greg. His fingers twitched and nervously played with the blanket.
Sherlock bucked up and came. He had no strength left to scream. He just softly whimpered and then he was utterly still and quiet.
“This is heaven…” He murmured and started to lather a roll with jam. Sherlock was pleased again.
He straightened up and grinned into the mirror. Then he opened the door into the bedroom.
“Why aren’t you in bed?” Sherlock murmured sleepily.
“The list I wrote after we decided about our actions.” Sherlock raised one eyebrow.
“I have some files here I want you to go through. I need your opinion on how to best approach and bribe these people. They are in the way right now, you see?” Sherlock nodded and took the first documents.
„I might need your help but I would like to do it myself.“ John wondered if some of this had been done to him in the past. But if his balls had been nailed, he would have seen the scars already.
“You touched my prick. I had to face away from you afterwards.”
“That’s what I thought. So, why don’t you just invite him over for a drink? You could also finally cook the pie for him? We have talked about that, too.” Sherlock suggested.
„Dry orgasms?“ Sherlock wondered.
“John, please! Of course, I won't. But I will if you don't tell him sorry.” Ian stood and looked at John.
“So, you haven't met his fiancée?”
“But you are on a case! You never eat when being on a case!” John said.
“You could have asked me, you know?” Sherlock quietly suggested.
“John isn’t here. I just stopped working because of the light. He didn’t call or send a text.”
“Don't worry about me, Ian. I am good.”
“I feel horrible for not having seen his trouble. God, John.” He rubbed over his forehead.
“Bloody hell!” He swore loudly again. Who could come to the rescue?
Downstairs he met Mrs Hudson who was cleaning the aisle.
“You will soon, Lestrade. Don’t worry.” Suddenly Sherlock stood by his side and grinned right into his face. Greg closed his eyes and shook his head.
“I said I was sorry.” John nodded.
They wouldn't want to damage him, leave scars on him, would they?
“I…” Then he shook his head.
“Perhaps? Perhaps not. You have to tell me if you want to know.” John looked into his eyes for a moment and then tried to word his sorrows.
“Get some rest and restore your health. Then you can provide dinner for me at your own place.” He cupped his face with one hand and smiled. Suddenly there was a spark in Sherlock’s eyes that hadn't been there before. He had a goal again. Both Mycroft and Greg were able to see it.
He grinned and rather excitedly waited for the next text.
“I am hungry. I'd like a full English. Can you do that?” Sherlock nodded at once and stood.
“What do you think?” Both their grins were quite a bit lopsided.
“Oh, we insist.” Mycroft said and pointed at the food.
“I wonder why …”
“What can I possibly do for you? What would you need me for? What did you tell my super?” Greg demanded to know.
. He sighed and nodded. Molly just threw her arms up but didn’t intervene. Then he followed her into another cabin where John was just waking up again. His head turned and he was covered by several blankets. Sherlock hurried to his side. He lowered his head and droplets of water fell down on John’s face.
“I am done here, Lestrade. Send me the file and I will call you when I find anything.” Lestrade just nodded and Sherlock left the crime-scene.
“If it is a special restaurant?” He didn't actually know how to word it. Of course, John knew what he meant. He had been there, a lot of times. With several slaves in training. And so had Sherlock when he had been trained.
“You didn't like what he said because you saw the dom in him?” Greg asked and Sherlock's eyes widened.
“You were distracted.” Sherlock said.
“I understand.” Now Sherlock slowly stood and reached out for John.
“You don’t have to panic. I assume you have never topped, correct?” Greg didn’t tell John that Sherlock had told him that fact.
While Greg got ready, Mycroft used the time to log into his computer and speak with Anthea about the ongoing investigation regarding the
“Well, so am I. Why don't you freshen up and help me prepare a late lunch?” At once Sherlock stood.
“Yes, you are. Plus, you are way too cheeky. Again. This is so not good.” Sherlock seriously replied.
„What are you thinking about?“ Sherlock suddenly asked. He had tilted his head and looked curious.
“Yes. But I am your mate. You are a vampire. Weird and inappropriate are just new parts of my life.”
Half an hour later they sat inside a pub looking out over the water. Rogers had gone inside first and cleared a table for them. They kept close but not too close.
Mycroft knew his little brother. He must have found more than he had admitted, had given him. From what John described he was on a hunt and close to something. Too close, obviously.
“Sherlock! Stop that!” He turned around and looked back.
“But his computer is password protected.” Sherlock grinned. And Greg knew he was back. He had something to work on.
They fell on the bed and John rolled them towards the middle. He didn’t want to hold him down, that’s why John rested on his side and kept kissing him.
“So, John did what you wanted? What you liked? He really came out of the box?” Greg asked.
“Use the colours for now, my bright boy.” John suddenly whispered close to his ear and Sherlock smiled nodding to his words.
“You are dressed for business, Myc. Where are you going?” Sherlock asked. Mycroft almost choked on his toast. He quickly drank some water.
“I didn’t mean to tell you like this. It just overwhelmed me. You did. I don’t know what to do. It feels like bursting…” Now Sherlock looked up and into John’s bright blue eyes. His lips started to quiver again and John found it adorable.
“I am not laughing about you. I am wondering how this could happen to you.”
“Good boy.” Sherlock praised him and it felt strangely good.
Until he got smacked on his behind. He woke and his head moved off his bed.
“I wanted to ask you something though.” Sherlock looked up again.
“Do you remember how to safeword? How to make me stop?” John nodded.
“Yes, please.” John brought his drink and they kept sitting in silence for a while. During the evening they had more drinks. Sherlock only drank because he didn’t want to leave John alone. He still looked sad and he tried to be there for him.
“Come in!” Sherlock called out from the inside and Ian found it sounded hopeful. He pushed open the door and entered Sherlock's room.
“You may try again. Perhaps you’ll do it better now and I just might let you come.” Mycroft pulled his body up and leant him against the headrest. He stood above him and lined back up.
“I feel fantastic!” His eyes had a light shade of red and John couldn't but stare up and into them.
“You will be laughing about me.” John replied with a smile.
“Me, you mean.” Sherlock acidly replied.
“Don't do anything stupid, Sebastian. Please. I will handle it. I promise. Call your sister. Tell her that I … Tell her that Sherlock can be picked up here.” Then he turned around and took off downstairs. Sebastian dialled the number his sister gave him and told her everything.
John sat down on the bed and spread his legs.
He wondered how he should reach out and talk to Gregory. Should he call him? Should he appear at Baker Street? Would he even understand?
“Sit here. Use my office. You know how to reach me.” Mycroft told her.
“That's better. We don't want to damage some nerves in your pretty face, do we?” He smiled. Sherlock was scared. He had heard about Botox but never intended to use it. Why would he anyway?
“Stay, please.” Obviously, John had reached the desired position. Then he watched Sherlock get on his knees. He looked up at him and smiled. Then he took the fabric and held it up. John slowly took it. He wasn't that stupid, was he? Sherlock wanted to be blindfolded while sucking his cock. John fiddled with the torn fabric but only for a second before he covered Sherlock's eyes.
“Yes, what is it?” He tried to remain where he was when Sherlock’s face came close and his lips were almost touching.
“Sherlock, it's me, Greg. Please, come down again. You are back home. You are safe.” His voice was low and soft and he carefully reached out for him.
Sherlock watched him for several minutes but he didn't move or twitch. Only then he changed into something comfortable after he cleaned himself up a bit. He never expected something like this to happen. But it had been great. John had been great. He was sure they could do it again. He rubbed his prick through the garment and sighed. He was half-hard again. Then he climbed into bed beside John and pulled him close. He didn't move away. His body was limp. Sherlock’s cock was pressed against him and he rutted carefully until he came. Only then he let go and fell asleep, too.
„You are the most amazing dom in the world and I love you very much.“ He whispered pulled him on top of him. They kissed for a while until Sherlock's stomach actually grumbled. John grinned.
“Some drugs for the pain. Water. Juice. Nosh. Whiskey.” Sebastian raised a brow.
Later that evening John tried to write something for his blog. His therapist had forced him to write but he had no idea what to write about. Nothing happened to him. He stared at the blank screen and his fingers hovered above the keys.
“I understand. More than you think. But I want you to feel safe with me. I am your friend, Sherlock. And if you like, you can be mine.” Sherlock needed a few seconds to fully understand the words but then a broad smile came up on his handsome face. He beamed at Ian.
“Perfect! Let's have breakfast!” He turned and got plates and knives. They sat at the table and enjoyed the goods. After his first coffee, Sherlock spoke up.
John looked over his shoulder. Sherlock looked a bit exhausted and wild. His hair was tousled because he had let it dry without combing or products. John licked his lips.
“And now show me what Anthea has found. I need to know.” Mycroft shook his head.
“Why? Have you met someone?” Mycroft looked at Sherlock.
“John is a good man. Do not spoil it.” Greg tried to look stern but failed.
“Don't you want to get comfy?” Greg asked and Sherlock swallowed.
They walked up to the wall shielding the back-yard and Sherlock sat down leaning against it. Greg did the same. And then Sherlock explained what had happened and what Mycroft was planning to do.
“I am not pleased.” He said after a minute.
Sherlock had checked all the emergency exits after their arrival and now knew where to go. They were able to leave without further interruption.
“I never asked for it, Mycroft. It is only happening because you told him some stupid story from when I was a child.” It sounded disgusted.
He didn’t notice anything, not even when the clamps and pads came off. Greg binned the used pads in a plastic bag and knotted it off. Only then he dumped it into the bin beneath the desk. The last thing he removed was the mask and he gently pulled it off. Mycroft was sweaty beneath it and now his lips kept being open after having pulled out the gag. But he still didn’t wake.
“How are you doing?” Mycroft cleared his throat. It felt rough and his voice was raspy.
Sherlock's long fingers went into his lap and he twitched. But he kept talking.
“You do that. I'll get you a second blanket and pillow. This time though you may move further from the edge. Otherwise you might fall out.” He shot him a grin and Sherlock blushed a little and quickly disappeared into the bath.
But John found he hadn't liked that. It had felt wrong. And he knew the feeling in itself was wrong, too. He should collar him. He should be on his knees. He should be crawling. And he should feel pain, suffer, and scream.
But Ian stayed consequent and kept him locked away. He used the narcotic to keep him calm when he brought him food. There was water in the bath. He still wasn't able to talk to him. He wouldn't listen.
He walked through into the kitchen and opened the fridge. There were all his favourites stored, even his favourite beers. He shook his head and took one. In the bath, he shed his clothes and prepared the tub. Looking around he saw that there was new foam, shower gel, and shampoo, as well.
“Ok, not later than 10 am, do you hear me?” Greg said.
“Well, I think we have to try, don’t we?” Sherlock stood and grabbed his coat.
He hadn’t stayed with someone for years. He hadn’t had intimate relations for ages. He had used his body for his job several times over the last years and it had always worked prettily. But it had meant nothing. He had felt nothing.
“Yes, I suppose I am. Thank you, Mycroft. I appreciate it.” They clinked glasses and sipped their drinks. John had a few more sandwiches. They were very good and he wondered if he could save one and show Sherlock to copy it. But he probably would be annoyed because he liked these sandwiches better than the ones he had made.
“Well?” Greg asked. John looked curious, too.
“I smelled her baking this morning.” Sherlock quietly laughed.
“I am glad to hear that. I really didn’t mean for it to be such a horrid inflammation.”
“Well, I can make you a very happy man tonight. And it’s just that I don’t like dirty talk when I am submitting to someone. I can give you names though. The other way around it does the trick. If it arouses you to be verbally humiliated, it will arouse me, as well.”
“What are you doing? You said you wanted take-away?” Greg asked.
Only it was different perfect.
Then he felt his prick between his cheeks and he straightened up. John pushed and he moaned. His back arched and his prick was held. He almost shrieked.
“No, stay. Sherlock, everything is just fine. I was only looking for you. Come down.” He spoke with a low voice and Sherlock relaxed. He finally remembered and cast his eyes.
“This isn’t a key.” He said and gritted his teeth. What else had Mycroft done in the meantime? He couldn’t just rule over his life like this.
“Please!” Rather quiet and rough. John just shed both his denims and t-shirt and crawled on the bed beside his mate. Suddenly he was taken and moved to Sherlock's other side so he was resting beside Greg. The two brothers were on the outside and there was still enough room to move about. John held on to Greg now who was still a bit cold.
“Yes, John!” He heard John leave and lay back on his bed. He threw the duvet off his body. He got up and knelt on the mattress. One hand stroked his penis and the other one got bathed in saliva. He touched his hole and pushed two fingers inside. He spread them. Soon enough he fucked himself on his very own fingers.
Sherlock yelled out his pain and scrunched his eyes shut. But then he spoke with a trembling voice.
“You will be staying up here with me until Lestrade is back, won't you?” She gently took his hand.
“What club? You sound as if I am supposed to know.” Sherlock still didn’t look up at him.
When the blinding white lights were gone and Sherlock was again able to see properly there were bruises on John’s body where his fingers had clawed into his skin. Very carefully he moved and also stroked his cock until he came with his permission whispered into his ear.
“I want you to take it. It's for your safety. Please, Gregory? For me.” Greg looked into his eyes and saw the concern. And he hesitantly took it. He weighed it and checked if it was loaded. It wasn't yet but Mycroft reached into his desk and put a box with ammunition on the table.
“Shopping?”
“It was the place where to find the Russians. Now Sebby can take care of everything.”
“You look sad. Please talk to me because I don’t know how to make it better.” John swallowed.
“You didn’t leave my side. You were over there typing.” Greg said and Mycroft sighed.
“Moriarty has texted him. First of all, he was furious. He thought he had drunk himself into a stupor. Now he almost seems worried.”
He hurried downstairs and had a quick look on his way into the bath but it was unharmed. He smiled. This was his home.
“What does she want? Did she hurt you? My security is already on the way to you!” He sounded worried.
“Enjoy all of it now. Be with him. Have a good time. Spend quality time together.” Sherlock told him.
“I begin to wonder about all this. It started with a simple
The moment he heard his steps approach, he knelt straight up and folded his hands over his nape. Expectantly, he looked at the door.
“I don't want to hurt you.” He bluntly told him and Greg smiled stepping up closer.
“Yes. I didn’t want him to go out alone without a collar.”
“What a pleasant surprise, Mr Holmes. I already talked to your lovely DI.”
“That looks very good to me. And now hand it over to me.” His leash was given to the stranger and Sherlock knew what to do. He opened his mouth wide and the thick cock was already forced between his lips. And thick it was. Sherlock at once started to sweat. The dom didn’t give him orders, so he just held his position. He felt the flesh grow more and more and soon enough his breathing got constricted.
“You are perfect. John can be so very proud. You, too. I want to do the last thing and then the session will end. Feel free to come any time if you can.” Ian stroked over his cheekbone and fetched a deprivation mask from the wall. He pulled it over his head and white noise filled his ears. His eyes were covered by a padded blindfold and a stuffed gag was moved behind his teeth. His mouth got covered by a wide leather strap. Everything sat tight and his head got lifted up and hooked into the system.
What had happened here? John was quite a bit worried.
Sherlock sulked a bit but then finally understood. He circled him the whole afternoon while John read medical articles online and went through his shift for the next week. He was able to start on Tuesday and he was very excited about it.
“You liked it then?” Mycroft wondered.
“No, you don’t.” Sherlock replied.
“Please, John, don't make fun of me.”
“I know.” Mycroft sighed. “I have done my research.” Greg raised a brow but also walked back to the bag.
“I need to tell you that you smell very good, as well. You bathed.” Sherlock hummed.
“You agree to be with me outside but not in bondage. You wouldn’t even do it if we are absolutely alone?” John asked. Sherlock shook his head.
His dom dished out thirty strokes but didn't make him bleed. Sherlock was panting. He also cried and drooled.
“No, no, please, no...” His voice hitched and his lips quivered.
“You waited for me to come home because Anthea brought you something? What did she bring?” He curiously asked.
“Now that's just perfect.” He laughed and clawed into his damp hair. He roughly pulled him over the ground until they reached a cage. He let go and opened the door. He kicked him into his behind and Sherlock just crawled inside and settled. Inside he wasn't able to stand or stretch out. He could just sit and lean against the bars. He also was still wearing the harness and the ball-gag. Sherlock knew better than to touch it.
“Mr Leicester, the host you have met already.” Sherlock hummed. He didn’t like their host.
“Listen, Mycroft. This is not the favour we promised, OK? We are here to help a friend. You are our friends. You have always been good to our pack. Now we will come and fight with you to get Sherlock back and kill that sorcerer.”
Sherlock simply padded along with Greg and stood by the tub when Greg washed it out and filled it. He added some of the foam he found and hung a towel over the heating.
Sherlock had been surprised when the intruder came into his flat. He had fought him, of course, he had. He wasn't helpless. But that man was very skilled, probably an assassin. Sherlock had ended up throwing things at him but he only laughed. He had finally fled up into John's room because the impulse to be protected was strong.
“Stay!” Sherlock barked and John stood as if nailed to the ground. He thought he might combust any minute. John stood there only clad in his socks which only increased the feeling of humiliation. Now Sherlock pointed downwards.
He came completely still. He fell on his side and rode the waves of his orgasm. He bit into the bedding waiting for the shaking to stop.
“What did you think of?”
“Yes, in return for helping me when I had problems.”
“I want you to know that it wasn't your fault what happened. I could have safeworded but I didn't. I wanted to experience to the full extent. I had a wonderful time being dommed. You are a wonderful dom. I just should have known better.” John seriously looked at him and Sherlock slowly exhaled.
Standing in their living-room Sherlock turned and faced John again. He slowly dropped both his scarf and coat on the floor. Just as slowly John approached and picked them up. He hung them on the coat-rack at the door. Then he hung his own coat beside it slipping out of his shoes and socks.
“Yes, but we knew each other for ages beforehand. We were living together. It only didn’t happen before because I was too chicken to make the step and admit my feelings for you.”
“Yeah, yeah, I am brushing my teeth right away.” He smiled up at him.
“Then we followed the trace of clothes. We found his shoes and trousers. There was no shirt or underwear. Finally, we found him.”
“If you don't hold still, I'll give you a Prince Albert as well. So?” Sherlock stopped and stood still.
“John, you? I expected the janitor to see me!” She sounded surprised.
“I want to try what you two have.” Greg nodded and walked to the bar. John's eyes followed him and then he looked at Sherlock.
Sherlock actually filled his plate, too, since she had cooked one of his favourites. He even had a smile on his face. And even Mycroft ate. He had something different but obviously, this woman knew how to make the Holmes boys eat.
“Yep.” Sherlock said and was happy.
They entered a room and John looked around. He seemed to be pleased.
Sherlock became louder and already started to pant. John waited for the moment when he started to pull his hair. Normally it took longer but this was different. This was their first encounter after their row. It was special, for both of them.
“I can't tell you that but you do like him, too, don't you?” Greg sighed.
“Very good.” He actually enjoyed the fingers in his hair. He had given up control and it had been great. He now knew how his brother could have fallen for Dr Watson.
“What?” He wondered aloud but only to himself while he listened to Mycroft let the water run.
He climbed into bed beside him and pulled up the blanket. Sherlock didn’t move. He was still gone.
“We don't want to leave you alone. Plus, you have to bring stuff from Myc's in here. Only with your table of elements and the bat as well as your violin, this place will be complete again.” Greg said.
“Thanks, mate. This is great.” John smiled at him and Sherlock’s insecure expression changed.
“See? Much better, isn’t it?” He asked and sipped the whiskey. Then he moaned and closed his eyes in delight.
“I would really like to ride the London Eye.” Sherlock nodded.
Hours later Sherlock felt totally exhausted. But he stayed by John’s side. He needed to please him. And John seemed to appreciate his efforts.
“Did he really call it a dinner date?” Greg chuckled, too.
He muttered something nasty and John knew he would have to be back as quick as possible.
But finally, Sherlock sighed and pulled away to get up.
John had finally managed something that only cocaine and heroin did before.
“You might just receive a payback the day after tomorrow, Detective Inspector.” His voice was smooth.
“Yes. It will be weird at first and I might feel strange but I do trust you not to harm me.”
“Relax, please? I won’t yell at you or shout abuse. I just want you to listen to me, OK?” He gently steered him over to the sofa and made him sit.
Somehow, Mycroft took the tumbler from his hand and placed it on the carpet. Both of his large hands moved over his shirt and rubbed his nipples through the fabric.
Greg carried everything upstairs and placed the tray on a small table between two armchairs.
“I am more than ok, John.” They looked into each other’s eyes.
“I'd appreciate it.” Mycroft was pleased enough.
“You do?” Greg asked pouring more coffee.
“Besides the things due to his moving about? No.” She shook his head.
“You look awfully tired.” He quietly said.
“Really?” Ian nodded.
“As long as you are in it?” John sighed but smiled.
”Yes, I do know. I already arranged the delivery. It should arrive at your hotel very soon.”
John raised a brow and tried to look into his face. It was a mask of pleasure and pain and his eyes were scrunched close.
“Hm.” He swallowed. “You are right, of course. I am grateful for your presence right now, little brother.” He even gave him a smile and Sherlock surprisingly realised it made him happy.
“Dr Kim left some medicine for you. Take them before you go to sleep, please.” He handed them over with a glass of water for his brother who simply took it. He quickly downed the pills with water. Then he carefully looked up.
John just had to reach out for him. He took his hand very gently and held it for a moment.
“I am always presentable.” Mycroft hummed.
John swallowed everything and when Sherlock pulled out, he licked his lips.
“I don’t know. We talked and you fell. You were unconscious.” Sherlock looked at him and the look on his face was unbelievably sad.
Mycroft poured them drinks while the DVD waited to be shown. They looked at each other and Greg swallowed.
“Why?” John tilted his head.
„Can't you see it? It's so obvious!“ Sherlock looked at both Lestrade and John.
“No!” His arms came up again and John got angry by now.
“It really is worth the price I paid. They didn’t lie about it. I think this will work out perfectly. I think I will tie it to my bed now and just watch for a bit. Then I will fuck it and perhaps I will hit it. No, not perhaps. I will hit it.” He laughed loudly grabbing the leash and took him upstairs. Sherlock crawled by his side. He was scared. This man was different from all his tormentors he had encountered before. Even the ones who had used him as a bin in their kitchen.
Greg topped up his tumbler and filled their own as well as the decanter Mycroft had brought. Greg knew he liked it neat and he obliged. He would have drunk out of the bottle.
“I need to eat. A sandwich. Something. Please?” He said.
“You wanted to come along, remember?” Sherlock almost hid behind the bags and dashed inside and upstairs when they returned to Baker Street. John fumbled for his wallet but the cabbie just said:
“Thank you, Master.” His dom sat down again and Sherlock's long fingers curled around the bowl. He enjoyed every single bite and fully relaxed.
“We have to do something...” Greg felt utterly helpless.
“Oh, this is fantastic. I haven't had Indian for a long time. Thank you!” He sat down with him and poured him wine. John started to eat and after he was done, he was given a whiskey. They looked at each other and Sherlock slowly tilted his head.
“If I think this is what I think it is, it requires an answer.” His words clearly confused Mycroft.
Sherlock smirked. It meant; Mycroft needed him. Probably to get rid of someone. He was looking forward to that.
Sherlock left Dr Kim in a hurry but ensured him that everything was OK. He used Greg's card again to pay the cab and rode over to Baker Street. He dashed upstairs and pushed open the door.
“That sounds actually good. Are you sure?” John nodded. Sherlock reached out for John.
“Very good.” Sherlock licked his lips.
“What do you want me to do? Read you a story?” Sherlock smiled up at John.
“No whiskey.” Both men stared at each other.
“Oh.” John said and wondered where Mycroft was practising.
“I am. I really am. I have found my mate, Mycroft. Finally!” He smiled.
Sherlock was in heaven. Why only did he insist on being not gay? Stupid. Boring. Two fingers pulled down the blanket some more so he could see his arse. He still wore his boxers, of course. Black boxers. Cotton. His muscular arse showed pretty much and he licked his lips.
“Listen to me. He abused you. He forced you to appear in sex-movies, violent sex-movies. He is renting you out. He hurt you, still does probably. You need to leave him. You are capable of a life without him, Sherlock.” But Sherlock's eyes were full of panic and he shook his head.
“He told me about mates, sex and that the wants me to move in with him.”
“Well, get up. It needs to eat.” Sherlock was quite a bit worried about tonight. But his dom had promised to protect him. He had endured so many things. What had been done to him, had changed him. He would manage and proof his usefulness to his dom.
“I am glad to hear that. Haven't lost my magic then.” Greg looked rather smug. Mycroft coughed.
“You would like to go with me to that
“What?” Ian asked absolutely clueless.
“It’s fine. Thank you, Sherlock.” His voice was quiet.
“Where are you going? I thought you wanted to read that chemistry book?” John wondered.
“I was scared my brother would be tortured to death. I would have gone on a rampage for him. As I would for you. My feelings were so strong, I wasn't able to control my strength. I would never hurt you knowingly.” He looked desperate. He didn't dare to touch Greg and his long fingers restlessly twitched by his side.
Sherlock was horny as hell and he gave himself some strokes. He was panting. Finally, he just started to rut against John until he came. He spread his cum all over John's naked body. Then he fell down by his side and rested.
“I will be in my office.” Sherlock replied and Ian left.
“I agree. I was hungry, too.” Sherlock grinned.
A while later he came back and was dressed into work clothes. He picked up his bag.
He felt being carried outside and placed into a transporter. The van rode away with him in the back.
“I just wanted to see if the mobile has arrived.” Mycroft said looking at Greg and his brother in each other’s arms.
“Oh no, dear. No dessert for you.” Sherlock smirked and closed a blindfold over his eyes. He rolled John on his front and used lengths of rope to tie his arms and wrists, ankles, and thighs. He did a perfect hog-tie and even connected John’s toes to his wrists.
His eyes fluttered closed and he whimpered more loudly.
Afterwards, he had another look at Sherlock and was very pleased with the result. Both Sherlock and Mrs Hudson were sleeping when he met DI Lestrade downstairs.
“We need your help to get my mate back. The sorcerer tortures him. He raped him. Please, help us!” John begged her. She looked at him.
“Ok, see you later, love.” He blew him a kiss. “Love you.” Another smile, broader this time.
John dropped the plug, freed his cock, and pushed inside without further ado.
“Why are you asking me all this? Can’t he do it himself?” Greg wanted to know.
“Don’t you like this?”
“We need to talk about the Russian business. Plus, I have heard rumours about your new slave. Is that it?” He pointed at Sherlock and quickly walked closer. John followed.
Sergej picked up several lengths of rope from a cupboard and returned to his side.
“Yes, you can. You absolutely can. I’d be grateful if you do so.” And he turned around and swayed into the bath. Soon John heard the toilet flush and the water run. He collected something to eat for Sherlock. He also peeled some fruits and threw them together.
“Sorry, sorry... I believe you have seen it yourself. John has changed somehow. I yet don't know why and how this happened. But I will find out. Until then I would like to keep you safe.” Sherlock looked at his folded hands.
“I know and I will help.”
“Your cock.” Sherlock replied and John blushed a shade of red.
“Very good. I will be careful.” He disappeared into the bath. Sherlock listened to all the noises but only relaxed when John came back out clad in a towel. He looked quite a bit exhausted and Sherlock brought him back to bed and pulled up the blanket.
“You are a saint!” Ian exclaimed and devoured everything.
John lowered his body towards him and now his eyes widened. He was scared which was good. He dragged him into the cage and closed it. He wasn't bound, gagged, or even plugged. He was just naked, bloody, dirty, hungry, and thirsty.
“Yes, Sir, very clear.” Greg swallowed and Mycroft hummed his approval.
“But…” Greg tried to argue but Sherlock shook his head.
Had he left already? He looked upstairs and listened into the flat. Then he smiled because he could hear him snore.
“You understand me very well.”
“Still the control freak, is he?” She looked at Greg who just shrugged.
team.
“I am happy to see you, Greg. Now I know I can get my life back.” He deeply inhaled.
And again, John hadn’t seen this coming.
“Please, I need to check.” Greg handed over the mobile and looked at him. But his face wasn’t worried or anything, so everything seemed to be ok.
“I need it to go away …” The door banged close and John was clueless. Carefully he rubbed over his groin and closed his eyes groaning.
“How close can I come?”
Mycroft rubbed his backside and it actually felt nice. Then something cold and slicked touched his hole. Quite unceremoniously it got pressed inside. Greg pressed his face into the mattress. The thing was massive and he groaned. But he took it because it went in rather smoothly and it felt oh so good to be stuffed to the brim like this.
“I am about to leave and don’t want you to get bored. As promised, I have something for you to keep you busy.” Sherlock’s eyes darted around John but couldn’t find anything remotely interesting; except for John himself of course.
“Myc?” His head came up and he quickly checked the time.
Having guests over would be the next step. He would rent him out but at first only in here. He would make the studio into a brothel and his submissive into a whore.
“Sherlock, look at me.” Slowly Sherlock’s head turned towards Ian and they locked eyes.
“I know what you are talking about but I never did such things.” John shook his head.
John looked at the closed door and smiled like an idiot. Then he looked at the table and saw that he had actually had breakfast. He sat down and waited. He read his file again and found that everything was just fine. He only had to take care of his wound. He would check on it daily and make sure that the scar wouldn’t turn out too bad.
They kissed languidly and Mycroft let Greg dominate the kiss. They kissed for minutes until Greg broke the connection between them.
“I can’t stay here if he is alone out there.” He replied.
“God, I don’t believe that…” He groaned.
“I didn’t mean it like that, Sherlock. I don’t want you to do anything. We are good. There is nothing wrong.” John tried to assure him but Sherlock couldn’t be convinced anymore.
“See you, Anthea.” He got out.
“Oh, young man, you can’t be serious.” Sherlock pulled her close and roughly whispered.
“Like making him do ridiculous things?”
“Very good. Mike, pick him up and get him into my car. We are done here.” A strong hand grabbed his arm and he stood on still shaking legs. He still didn't look up just in case his eyes would betray him.
Finally, Greg just needed to get it out.
From down below Sherlock recognised the remote and suddenly felt cold. He held up his hand.
“See you tomorrow, guys!” He smiled and left. He hopped down the stairs and sat behind the wheel. Out of his eyes, he could see John looking out. He started the car and left. Everything appeared to be normal.
While waiting for his bedding he ate the leftovers and drank a pint of water. He didn’t want to drink alcohol when he was alone. Not only Sherlock had
“I told him to offer some blood and listen to him. And that your brother won't harm him because he liked him.”
He moved behind Sherlock and gently pressed on his shoulders. Sherlock fell on his knees. John lowered his body and took his wrists. He pulled a rope from his pockets and tied his wrists on his lower back.
“I believe you made him understand.” John deeply inhaled Sherlock’s scent. He had missed him.
“No, we know what we are doing. There won't be any scars. The welts will show for a while though. Here, this is the key for the collar.” It was handed over.
“Listen, Jim. If it will be the last thing I do, then so shall it be. But I am begging you to release the vampire and just be with me. Please. Whatever you dish up, whatever you want to try in bed, I will be with you because I want you. I need you and I love you. And if I am not enough, then I can't help it. I will jump off the bannister of this place because I can't stand you longing for somebody else.” James looked at Sebastian. He was absolutely shocked. Then he stood and slowly took his hand away. Then he showed him his palms as if he was offering peace.
At first, he took his long hair and piled it up on his head. An almost gentle push made him lower it. His dom took his arms and pulled them down from his neck so they hung by his side. His fingers started to move over his back and over the welts he had created. Sherlock bit his teeth and didn't let out a single sound. He managed to stay quiet even when John scratched over them or poked his finger into them.
Sherlock had spread his legs and tried to listen to the noises around him. His head slowly moved but he was still blindfolded.
“It is not allowed to answer their questions or even look at them. It will only listen to me and my orders.”
“What are your plans for today?” He asked. Greg shrugged.
“No, Gregory. You sleep. You look horribly exhausted. I was told already what you did. Had to do. I am glad you weren't hurt.” They looked at each other.
Sherlock’s eyes were unfocused by now and his eyes drooped. He swayed on the spot but kept himself upright.
“I just want to let you know that Sergej is the best dom I have. He is from Russia but his English is fluent. He will always listen to you. He will give you what you desire.” Mycroft pulled out his mobile.
Soon he had his fingers back inside him. Sherlock tensed for just a second but relaxed again.
“Do not exaggerate. The man you will meet at Mr Holmes’ house will have further instructions. Good day, Sir.” She hung up.
John was at work and he sat in his brother's office in the Diogenes Club. He sat cross-legged on an armchair in front of his desk with a drink by his side and looked through a folder. He worried his lips and sipped. Then he read it again and looked up.
“I have no bloody idea! It’s itching and red and swollen. God…” John shook his head.
“That's right. It doesn't matter how they are doing the books. It's possible to fake everything.” He still didn't look at him. And he spoke very quietly. Ian saw he needed to reassure him and approached him.
“Try to soothe him. I'll hurry to get ready.” He threw the mobile back at him. Sherlock nodded and started to talk to his brother. John got up and into the bathroom. He dressed in some old jeans and a tee and just went barefoot into an old pair of trainers. He grabbed his med-kit and called out for his mate.
“I see.” John didn't like it at all but he had no choice.
He had a look in the bedroom but there everything was in order. The same in the bath. Finally, he went upstairs and into his room. He found the door forcefully opened and inside furniture was toppled over. There were blood-drops on both the hardwood and the bedding.
“I know now. I don't know what to say. You two have no idea what you got yourselves into.”
“What for?” Greg asked looking at his profile.
“But I am very happy for you both. He deserves a good man...” Then he cast his eyes and his eyes were wet. Greg reached out for him and placed his palm on his thigh.
“I threatened her. She accepted my dominance over her. That’s all. By the way, I am proud of you. The way you handled her assault was very good.” Sherlock bit his tongue.
“Yes! They are great. I know they are not healthy but I like them.” He had finished his bowl and stood to get a second helping. Now John was really surprised.
“Yes, it should be. I am not sure how to … Anyway, that’s not your business.”
.” John only thought for a second before he breathlessly begged:
“Yes, and I am extremely grateful for your help and support. But I can apply this by myself. Thank you very much, Sherlock.”
“I wasn’t able to find him. The tracking device didn’t work.”
“Reward you? Oh, I so will reward you! This has been the most wonderful thing someone ever did to me! I can’t wait to watch her being thrown out of her flat!” He kissed Sherlock. And then he started to eat some snacks. Sherlock kept watching him sipping his wine. John licked his fingers and looked at him.
“Never mind. You were so responsive. It was amazing, it really was.” John said. They kept looking at each other.
“No, I like it like this. You invading me, taking me roughly, not fully prepared. Please, John. Captain. It is part of my preferences. I enjoy it…” Sherlock explained.
“Don't.” He whispered. Sherlock stilled and they locked eyes. Then John kissed him good-bye.
John closed the door and hurried back to Sherlock. He knelt by his side. Now he had another chance to show him how much he cared or him.
“Stay.” Sherlock didn’t move while John watched him. His eyelids fluttered and he was close to losing it. He was exhausted but he wanted to play the game. So did John.
“Perhaps I really should do some shopping. It wouldn’t hurt me to go to Tesco for once. Or to some better shop. I can do that. John would like it and it would make me feel useful.” Sherlock made a decision, took a shower, and brushed his teeth. He dressed up as impeccably as ever and pocketed his mobile and wallet. He quickly googled some fancy supermarkets and hailed a cab right outside.
He wondered what he was supposed to do now. Should he really ask Dr Watson first or better his beloved brother?
“We meet at the Yard. I will bring him over.”
“Why not? They are your servants now, too.”
“Yes, Master.” He did all that and wondered if he was allowed to take the case file with him. He needed to read it. He needed to be prepared.
„Could you hold him up for me, please?“ Sherlock asked and John just nodded and pulled. The man's head lolled but he still breathed. Sherlock knelt in front of him and took his balls. They were extremely inflamed and he cut them off. John orgasmed right away and threw his head back. He almost cramped and fell on his behind. Sherlock looked at him and grinned while storing the flesh away. The blood was gushing out and Sherlock was very pleased.
“You were worried about me? Why?” John carded through his hair.
While Sherlock quietly knelt in his corner, John kept thinking about Greg's surprising visit. But he found nothing suspicious. He had the file with him and even left it for Sherlock to read before he had to witness. John had no choice but to let him appear before the court.
Sebastian's eyes were closed but he kept thinking of Sherlock while being kissed.
Sherlock pulled his head up by the collar.
“Hello, Jim.” He kissed him on the forehead and went down on his knees by his side.
“How can someone create something so beautiful, so wonderful, and at the same time be such a monster?” John really wondered. Suddenly the music stopped and their eyes met. John smiled and Sherlock placed his violin back into the case. John grinned.
“He is ready to go. Would you like a drink before you leave?” John grinned.
“I really don’t know why you want me here. This is not my jurisdiction and you never liked it.” Lestrade almost hissed. He seemed to be really pissed.
“Please, take the plug away. Both plugs.” His arms were still cuffed and Mycroft just carefully pulled down his dirty trousers. Sherlock was more than smelly but he ignored it.
“But I don’t have time for that now!” Sherlock exclaimed and John looked a bit disappointed.
They finished their drinks and a bell rang. Dinner was ready and waiting for them. They all slowly walked into the dining room and looked for their seats. There were actually small cards with their names on them. It was beautifully written and John liked it a lot.
“Yes?” He questioningly looked at him.
“But how did you do it?” Sherlock shook his head while he picked up a sausage.
“Turn back around, please.” John threw his body around and spread his legs making Sherlock smile. He lowered his head.
“What could you possibly do?”
“That’s really nice but I am not bored at all.” Sherlock smiled at him.
“I provoked him into telling me and he fell into my trap. Meaning, you don’t have to worry about this evening. He does return your feelings.” Mycroft fell silent.
“Yes, together. They are a couple. We have yet to find out more.”
His tormentor now grabbed his jaw and brutally shoved a silver spreader between his teeth forcing his mouth wide open. His teeth lay bare and he suddenly had an idea what was coming up.
“Yes, I brought work home like I always do.” Now Sherlock's eyes focused on his bag.
“Bend over, slut!” John did and presented his backside. One of Sherlock’s plastic-gloved hands was placed firmly on his cheek and the other moved between his rim and around his hole. He really tried to relax but he jerked away when Sherlock poked on his hole. At once the chain dangling from the nipple clamps got pulled making him groan.
“You took me in. You bought me from the agency. You saved my life.” Sherlock’s throat was rough and he sipped the wine.
“I did not expect that. What am I supposed to do now? You have to help me!”
“Clean yourself up. I want it to look nice when it comes downstairs for dinner. Half an hour.” He snatched the blanket from his naked body and pushed him inside.
“Would it help if I’d promise to hurry?” John said with a smile.
“I needed to get up anyway. Don’t worry. I don’t hurt that much anymore. I am still bruised though. If Moran wouldn’t have cleaned the welts, I am not sure what might have happened. Surely they would be infected by now.”
This was rather new but being with John in his bed after a scene was very new, too. And he liked it. That’s why he toed off his shoes and climbed all dressed into bed.
Greg had followed them upstairs and watched standing by the door. He was glad his idea had worked out. Sherlock turned to look at him. His face showed his happiness and his eyes were wide open.
“Why do you want me? I mean now. You didn’t want me before. You had other women.” He kept looking.
Mycroft had watched him closely all the time but couldn’t notice anything bad on Greg’s face. And he kept going.
“No, I didn’t.”
“Could you get rid of it?” Sherlock replied cheekily making John blush. But a second later he was bent over with one hand on the table and the other on Sherlock’s thigh. He dove right in and violently sucked and licked as fast as he could.
A few more minutes passed by and the water reached his chest. Suddenly there was the voice, his voice.
“Would you like me to draw a picture?” John just shook his head and pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Sherlock, you are up already.” Sherlock was buttering a toast.
“I would like, no, I want to dom you again, John. I want to do more to you, experience you to the fullest extent. I want you to give yourself over to me. I want you to …” John just placed a finger on his lips and Sherlock’s eyes widened.
“I believe my side has been severely bruised.” He murmured softly. John quietly laughed.
He danced with several people, both men and women, until the public fucking was announced. The crowd became excited when several bound and gagged people were dragged into the room. John stood in front of them and Sherlock shuddered. How easily it could have been him amongst them. He never wanted to go back to the agency. He would do anything to avoid it. Anything.
“John, come in!” He made a step back and waved him inside. John looked at him and saw he had taken his time to get ready for him. He smiled and stepped inside.
“What else of my things did you pack?” Sherlock made a careful step back but didn’t answer. John got an idea.
“Sherlock?” John called out but Sherlock was gone already. A few minutes later he was back with a large bag holding breakfast. He put everything on a tray and carried it over.
“Hush. Let me. Hands off.” Sherlock leant against the tiles and lowered his head. John held his cock and also pressed on his bladder. Sherlock scrunched his eyes shut and panted. Then he pissed for about two minutes.
“Trying to deduce me, Gregory? Just don't!” Still loud and angry.
“Even we haven't been up yet!” He snorted.
“You are getting it, John.” He nodded.
“Well, I wanted to see you anyway. Are you at the Yard?” Sherlock asked.
“I want you to take a bath now. You will find clothes afterwards and I want you to join me for dinner. Just like before, you know?”
“He is at home. Not yet feeling a hundred per cent fit. But much better. I just came by to thank you.” He did look serious.
“Hey, beautiful. What do you need?” Sherlock’s answer was a smile, as well.
John decided it didn't matter.
“Oh… I mean… What is this?” Sherlock muttered and quickly moved up close staring down.
„Would you like to take some of it home for experiments? It's probably better than roadkill.“ John suggested and Sherlock again knew why he liked him so much. They were both very sick specimen.
“Would you like me to take it off for you?” Greg suggested. Sherlock swallowed. He trusted Greg. And deep inside he knew that both his brother and Greg were right. John hadn't been good to him. He had done horrible things to him. But perhaps he had deserved them because of his horrible behaviour? John had told him numerous times that he needed to be trained and educated. He had to bear all of his methods to become the perfect submissive for his dom. And he very much wanted to be good for him. He had finally found his place, felt so much better, calmer. He didn't need any drugs when he was with John, subbed for him. And he was given love. He had made love to him. And to receive it, he had gone through all the other things John had dished out for educational reasons.
“Haven’t you really…” He tried to ask again but Greg just laughed loudly.
“Back in the museum, you finally realised that you are free. Free to do as you please. Free to feel what you like. And your corporal reaction triggered all this. Am I right?” Sherlock slowly nodded with grounded teeth.
“What did Ian tell you?” Sherlock simply asked.
“Are you feeling better now?” He nodded.
.” Mycroft said.
“I won’t do anything stupid. I will destroy him in another way.” He threw the cigarette down and opened the car. Greg raised a brow but followed suit.
“But where are they kept? Who extracts their blood?”
Sherlock donned his dressing gown and slippers but nothing else. He made a beeline by the bed and lowered his head because John was just still sitting there and watching him.
But today he had seen how Sherlock had looked at him, really looked at him, when he stood in front of the mirror. Obviously, it was the uniform. He also responded well to orders. The moment John got really fed up with him and yelled with his parade-ground voice, he always hurried to comply and behaved orderly.
“I really don't mind. Plus, I could be of help with that, too. And you know it.” But Ian shook his head at once.
“Eat, my dear.” It seemed there were no pet names in for him right now and Sherlock relaxed a bit more.
Mycroft had done a background check and was very pleased. He approved very much.
He led the way and Greg’s horse obediently followed him. He didn’t have to do much. Rogers looked much better on his horse and sent him a calming smile that Greg returned. He actually wondered what else was in their job description. Probably a lot of weird things.
She nodded to herself and dressed into a coat. She took her purse and called for a cab. It was a risk she had to take. But somehow, she thought he would not arrest her after what she would tell him. He had been Sherlock's only friend except for John Watson.
“He rented all of his staff and personal slaves from the agency and became one of their best customers. And one day he found you. He told me about you, about your looks and your skills. I know about his parties to gather intel and how you helped him. By now you surely know he is leading a criminal empire.” Sherlock slowly nodded.
They didn’t talk during dinner and when John stood, Sherlock stood as well and rinsed their dishes. He stashed everything into the dishwasher and cleaned both the table and the kitchen. After he was done, he stepped up to John and bid him good night. He knew better than trying to kiss him. Instead he just longingly looked and swallowed. For a second their eyes met and John’s were just as dark and sad as his own. John had trained this expression for a long time in front of the mirror at work.
“Very good. I’d like some cake or biscuits.” Sherlock reached out and took John’s hand. John’s wasn’t yet used to that but he liked it. Everything was new and he was with the man he loved.
“Did you tell him about me?”
Soon enough Sherlock was blindfolded and gagged, too. Nipple-clamps were attached, as well. Sherlock was hard. John again and again pinched and slapped his prick making him groan and whine and mumbling something like
Now he leant against his taller body and looked at the picture before him.
“I am tired. I want you to join me in bed. Come on.” John slowly stood and Sherlock followed on his heels. He walked close behind his dom and closed the door to their bedroom.
“The horses were good to me. I enjoyed the time being here.” He whispered the words.
Back inside he scrubbed the mattress with bleach and lemon cleaning stuff. He put the mattress up leaning it against the bed's frame and opened the window to let it dry.
“Why weren't you scared of Moran?” Mycroft asked because he really didn't understand.
Sherlock swallowed and rolled over. He was on top of John and his prick stuck between his legs. John groaned into the pillow and his arms were by his sides. Very slowly Sherlock took his wrists and held them. John moved them up on his back and Sherlock held them there.
“See you later.” And he left without kissing him. Mycroft felt cold. This wasn't good. He was going to speak to his little brother. Perhaps he could provide some insights.
Sherlock peacefully slept through the night. When he woke up, he felt warm. There also was a warm body behind him and a strong arm slung over his waist. He was in bed with his dom. He had taken him to bed with him.
“I am glad to hear it. You were gone for a very long time and I started to worry just a little bit.”
Mycroft had to stay on his side and the final thing Greg did before he would leave him be, was yet another electric toy. Actually, it was more a set of pads that stuck to one’s skin. They came on to the insides of his thigh and cock. He chose the same pattern as for the clamps and watched him for any signs of distress.
“Yes?” Mycroft replied.
“Have you got your senses back?” Sherlock asked coldly. John cleared his throat.
He hurried downstairs and into Mycroft's office. He approached him and stood before his desk looking at him.
Mycroft knelt by his side.
“Did anything happen?” Greg asked handing over the coffee.
“Not at all, mates. What about twenty pounds?” One of them finally asked. Mycroft looked at Greg having no idea what this was about. Greg though trusted Mycroft skills. He was skilled in everything.
He ground his teeth and sat up on the ground. He actually was outside. He was half-naked in the woods. Steps crunched through the trees and the voice came closer.
“Yes, I would like that. Thank you. I will make a fire. Why don’t you bring everything there?”
“You look different.” She tilted her head. Mycroft had no idea what to say to that. He just looked at her.
“My pupils are dilated because I am aroused. And I am aroused because of you.” Sherlock tried to get free but his position wasn’t the best. John might be injured but he still had all his skills of a close-combat fighter. He also was still strong which showed now when he took advantage of Sherlock.
“You said to bring certain clothes.” Mycroft stated.
“Are you cold?” The deep voice rumbled into his ear. It shot right down his spine and he weakly nodded.
He closed his eyes and cried when cramps shook him. He relaxed his body and let go. He filled the diaper and panted behind the pacifier-gag. He fell on his side when he was done. It felt awful and he was sweaty inside the hamper.
Sherlock wouldn't know what his dom sent through the gag. But for sure it wasn't proper food. Just mushy things and water probably. But he would get fed and he was thankful.
Greg closed his eyes in delight and sighed.
“Thank you, Master.” And he did enjoy the meal. He also looked forward to later when his dom would fulfil his wish. He would make love to him. Love. Like the very first days when he simply used some ropes and only sometimes a blindfold. He would touch him gently and caress his body. He would slowly fuck him for a very long time and made him come several times during a night.
Little bells were attached to his nipple-rings. His arms were forced back by a mono-glove. A head-harness with an attached bit-gag followed. The bit was thick and pressed into his mouth. Blinders were attached, too. On top came a black feather.
“That’s actually a good idea. I will call him tomorrow.” John smiled and slowly stood. “I believe you haven’t eaten anything?” He asked and Sherlock nodded.
“Have a good time!” She cheerily smiled and he returned it automatically.
“You could have woken me. I could have made coffee.”
“Don’t let him surprise you!” Sherlock blurted this out and Mycroft raised a brow.
“Who did your hair?” He asked all of a sudden and it surprised Sherlock.
“I think you might need more restraints, John. What do you think?” He rubbed the back of his head over his chest and said:
“To my wonderful submissive!” The toast made Sherlock blush but he drank. He already had wine and now this, it made him quite a bit drunk very quickly. John topped up his drink and pulled him close.
“Morning, Greg.” John said looking him over. He looked rather rumpled and hadn’t shaved.
“I might have results tomorrow at breakfast.” Mycroft said and started to finish his meal.
“It likes the place it is given?” Sherlock nodded. The man took off the gag and Sherlock’s jaw cracked.
“I only want you to be safe!” Greg seriously stated.
John filled two bowls with nuts and crisps and brought them over to the coffee table. Sherlock joined him and sat by his side. Not too close though. Not yet anyway.
“But if you need medical help...”
“Sherlock, you are supposed to be rather strong, aren’t you? Please help me with this?” He raised an eyebrow and snatched half of the bags out of John’s hands. Then he quickly pulled him inside.
Sherlock looked shocked.
“Get behind the wheel and drive backwards!” Sherlock called out but Greg shook his head.
“Yes, I have, haven’t I? You needed a quick orgasm. It was the best way. And you are not the only one who can do such things, you know?” John grinned. Sherlock slanted his eyes.
“I admit I didn’t get it back then. I was angry that you held me back bodily. I just thought it rude.” He shrugged. “But Sherlock explained and since then I kept thinking about you.”
And then he smiled.
After about one hour of quiet thinking, he blinked several times and focused back on John. He sat up straight and talked.
“There you are. We are good.” Sherlock covered both their hands.
He quickly changed and didn’t bother with freshening up. He only brushed his teeth and realised he should have told Sherlock to do the same. It was too late now and he shrugged it off.
“Whatever. Is that him? Will there be scars?” A female voice asked and Sherlock had a lot to do not to twitch. It was Anthea speaking. He closed his eyes.
“What about your report?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s not stupid at all.” Greg said.
“Thai?” He asked looking over the different dishes. Greg nodded.
“What’s the bloody time?” He murmured and reached for his mobile on the nightstand. Then his eyes widened.
“I think I do. Sometimes it's still very difficult for me to adjust. But it's getting better.”
“You are saying what exactly?”
“Nothing.” Sherlock replied.
“Don’t play shy, Lestrade. I know what you like. So does Mycroft.” Greg looked up again.
“He looks much better.” Greg said quietly lowering the heat a bit. He wore cut-off denims and nothing else. Mycroft looked at him and again wondered why this so very attractive man loved him. He sat under a parasol. He was pale and had tons of freckles. He hated them but Gregory always kissed all over them. The same with his little pouch. He was running every day on his treadmill but it was never enough. He was very slim and tall. And his horrible ginger hair even coated his chest.
“There you are, my lovely.” He sat on the bed and gently stroked over his face. Sherlock grabbed his hand.
“What do you need?” John asked having cleaned his plate.
“What? No, I haven’t.” He cleared his throat and concentrated back on the men in front of him.
“No, surely not. It wasn’t his fault. The local constables made a mess of everything. I believe he has taken over by now.”
Sometimes later he heard Greg use the loo but he didn't come out. He simply went back to bed and his steps sounded tired. He really needed to rest and Sherlock left him alone.
John wanted more and lowered his head. He mouthed over his neck and shoulders and gently bit into his skin.
“It's time, Gregory.” He nodded and followed him. They donned their coats and left the house with security on their heels. Reports came in that both John and Sherlock had left Baker Street by cab. Mycroft seemed to be pleased when his car reached the garage beneath the court.
Sherlock was busy on his computer and forgot about the time, so it was already getting dark outside when he finally announced:
“Do you have feelings for him?” Greg asked.
“I wanted to show you and not tell you on the phone.” They looked at each other and Sherlock smiled.
“Come on then.” He opened the door for him and Sebastian climbed on the back-seat nodding at Sherlock who just quietly snorted.
John felt his bones protruding but didn’t complain. He just moved around until he was resting comfortably. He felt Sherlock’s fingers move over his head and he fell asleep.
“Yeah, well. It sure is a nice home.” Greg told him.
“I never should have told you. I knew I made a mistake; I was told it would end badly for me and others. I am so sorry, John and Greg. So sorry.” Now Greg came to his side, too.
“So what?”
“I probably would have, yes.” John exhaled and looked up at him. He looked directly into Sherlock’s wide-open and terrified eyes. He also still held the garment bag and he hadn’t moved.
Mycroft returned into his office and sent a message to Gregory.
“That sounds great, Sherlock. Will you help me up, please?” When he was clad in his pyjamas and bathrobe and sat with his legs pulled under, he sighed. He could hear Sherlock rummage in the kitchen. There would be chaos but he didn’t mind. Sherlock’s signs of friendship and even love were always different from others.
“Mycroft gave me this a few years after I was made. He clearly expected me to find a suitable mate sooner. Well, I had to polish it but here we go. This will be your collar. As I promised, you only have to wear it inside.” John looked up and Sherlock showed him the box. It was black leather with silver engraving and the buckle looked like solid silver. It had one ring at the front. It looked more like jewellery than anything else. John bowed his head. Sherlock made a hitched noise and dropped the box. Then he stepped up to John and put the collar around his neck. He buckled it so it was still a bit lose. John looked down and saw he was aroused as hell. Fuck.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back in his head and he sank down on his knees letting out low keening noises. John stroked over his head and let his fingers move through his hair. He listened to his ragged breathing and knew he couldn't leave him alone.
“I have contacts in France. We won't be lost.” They looked at each other. Then they started to walk.
Right then Sherlock's eyes became wide.
Sherlock felt very happy and waited for him leaning against the headrest. He didn’t want to play or have sex. He just wanted to be held by John or even hold him in his arms, put him under his shoulder, spoon him from behind.
But he would make Sherlock carry these things in here from upstairs, no matter how long it took. But before he took the last item out of the package. He lifted it before his eyes and turned it in his hands. It was a stainless-steel collar that held a battery system and could send shocks into his spine up to his brain and down his whole body. It would fit snugly and when once closed it couldn't be opened except with a bolt cutter. John became hard once again and slowly walked upstairs.
The next morning Ian found breakfast ready when he came downstairs. He really wondered how Sherlock did all this. He joined him in the dining room.
“You would like that…” He roughly whispered. They kept looking into each other’s eyes.
“John, please?” John stood and grinned.
“Well, there will be tonight. Then the shoes.” They were the perfect fit, too. John was very pleased.
“Then why are you treating me like your
“Sherlock, your happiness.” Sherlock held up his tumbler.
Another full-body shudder hit Sherlock and he closed his eyes. His stomach hurt painfully because he was so hungry. He was also thirsty but he had managed to drink some urine to survive.
“We will go by car and see a friend of mine. You will not speak. You will not look at him. Your eyes won't look at anyone or anything. You will only answer to me and me alone, no matter what. And you will do as I tell you, am I understood?”
“Did you show him your document?” Sherlock nodded.
“You are clean, Sherlock.”
“No, kneel up straight!” Sherlock did but couldn’t manage very long. John grinned.
“I have some work to do. You two know where to find me.” And he left Sherlock's room who looked at his back. Then he looked at Greg again.
After dinner, John yawned and his eyes were small and tired.
“I never did such a thing…” He shook his head and carefully reached out to touch the plug. He pressed a little bit and Sherlock made a noise. John looked up and there was a question in his eyes.
“Help me up, you utter moron!” Now he made him stand up. He still swayed but leant back against Moran and stuck his dick back into his pants.
“I don't know...”
“I will only say this once, Sergeant. Don’t you ever disregard my submissive in front of me. He deserves much better than you calling him names. Don’t think that I don’t know. Talking badly about him means talking badly about me, too. Think about it. You don’t want to upset me, do you, Sergeant?” She swallowed feeling his presence. Her skin tingled even though she was a domme, too. But not as powerful as John Watson. She felt a bead of sweat run down her spine and swore to herself. Outside she snorted and let go. Anderson would have to pay for that tonight.
“Go on, Sherlock, it’s fine.” Sherlock smiled and started to move. Within seconds he had found his prostate making him yell and buck up. He rubbed over the little nub and watched John writhing on the sheets making very wanton noises. He didn’t even tense when Sherlock added another finger. Instead, he fucked back. Sherlock spread him and loosened his flesh until he thought he was ready. He withdrew his fingers making John whine. He quickly lubed up his cock and moved closer. He held himself and locked eyes with John again who slowly nodded and tried to relax.
While eating the broth John had cooked, he looked at Sherlock who slowly enjoyed his food. The suggestion he had made was exciting and he looked forward to doing it. But first, Sherlock had to be back to normal again. It wouldn't take long though.
“Aren't you just the sight. I have heard of you. I will keep you. I will keep his business and his slave.” He loudly laughed and his accent was from some Eastern European country.
After a bit Sherlock appeared also clad only in trackpants. He fell on a kitchen chair and looked at John.
By now John also understood why Sherlock enjoyed it. Why he wanted what he wanted. It was good. To let go completely with someone you loved and trusted was special. Wonderful.
John also bit into his cheeks, pinched his skin, and also slapped his behind while he was licking and fucking him with his tongue. He could actually feel the soft skin inside and it was so different from everything he had ever felt, he could hardly describe it.
“Thank you, Sir.” He walked over to a group of armchairs and a table on which sat water and some fruit as well as coffee. He settled and patiently waited for someone to talk to him.
“It’s your job. I won’t do it myself.” Sherlock looked at him for a second and then hurried to retrieve the collar. He knelt beside John and buckled it around his neck again.
“I am not sure. I think he is very much confused. He had no idea what to tell me or say to me. I send him away to think about it and just let him be. I read his report in the meantime. You gave him the names he worked on, am I correct?” John asked.
“What? No! I don’t. Oh … Lestrade?” Mycroft nodded again.
“Yes, master.”
He let him cry his heart out for several minutes until he reached for the box with tissues on the coffee table.
“My dom has taken everything away. I own nothing anymore. It is all gone. He changed his old room into a play-room first. Then he changed my bedroom, our bedroom, into something else. First, it became a film studio. Then it was turned into a Victorian brothel. I don't know where he took my things. Perhaps they are all lost...” Sherlock looked so very sad.
“Please, do read this. Have a snack and a drink and come back to me.” John just nodded and Sherlock walked away to sit with his laptop.
John finger-fucked him for a long time moving up to four fingers. He had him on the edge and listened to his begging.
“How did you break up? What happened exactly?” Sherlock kept going. He saw Greg tense. Sherlock topped up their wine and simply waited. Greg breathed and opened his eyes again.
“Do you need a break before I start on your wrists?” He asked but Sherlock shook his head.
He hurried downstairs and into the dining room. John was already there and sat down when Sherlock appeared. Dinner was served and Sherlock again ate a lot after having had several helpings for lunch, as well.
The pain was excruciating and Sherlock screamed out his pain. Soon he was hoarse and his muscles had cramped a lot. He only whimpered when the man let go and knelt by his side.
The dream he had, had been intense. He took it as a sign. He also knew if he wouldn't tell Sherlock sorry, Ian would spank the living hell out of him. He wouldn't care if Sherlock was present or not. He would turn back into his dom and show him the correct way.
“I believe they brainwashed me. Sometimes I remember things, see faces of people I knew from before.” He looked at Ian.
“You really mean that.” Suddenly he sat up and downed his drink. He pushed the empty glass back into John’s hand.
“I do.” Slowly Sherlock moved his hips and with every move, he pushed a bit more into John who after a few moves started to push back. Soon Sherlock touched digit and was fully engulfed by John’s hot flesh.
“Yes, I have. I am taking the most powerful and richest clients. People who need to keep their desires secret.”
“You are serious about this?” Greg asked and Sherlock nodded.
“No, you won't be anywhere near the arrest. It's too dangerous.” Mycroft said but Greg talked back.
Sherlock was pleased. It felt good to have Greg around at first upon John’s return.
“God, how stupid am I?” He stood and folded the blanket back over the sofa. He yawned and decided to have a look into the bedroom, see if Sherlock was still asleep.
“I will do so tonight.” Sherlock replied.
What about Mrs H? Suddenly, he remembered she was visiting her sister up north.
“Are you feeling better, Master?” He asked with a sleep-rough voice. It aroused John but he held back.
“Don't!” He hissed and it sounded painful. Sherlock was taken aback but let go. Obviously, John was in pain.
Their bodies were tightly pressed together and soon enough things happened. This time Ian didn't move away. He stayed where he was and let Sherlock feel.
“Today?” Toby nodded wildly.
The most disturbing feeling had been jealousy. He had watched John interacting with other people. Not Lestrade and his team. People at the supermarket or the hospital. His guts had coiled when he saw John talking to nurses. He had been laughing and seemed to be extremely relaxed. Also, the people around liked him. Sometimes they liked him a bit too much.
“We’ll buy it tomorrow. Together.” They looked at each other and Sherlock tilted his head very slowly.
“No, you really don't, do you?” He didn't help him.
Irritated he looked up. Why was it dark? And where was John? He stood and switched the light on. He checked his mobile if he had missed some calls or texts but nothing. Actually, nothing. That was suspicious in itself and he frowned.
“May I sit with you?”
“Listen, we have started this a bit head over heels. I haven’t expected anything like this but now I feel good. And I want you to feel good with it. That’s why we have to talk. You need a safe-word if it becomes unbearable for you. You also need me to tell your no-goes.” Sherlock just looked at him.
“Just tell me your no-goes.”
“Come to bed then and I will apply the cream.” John carefully stood and Sherlock had to steady him when they walked over. John stood in Sherlock’s bedroom and questioningly looked up at him.
John just pulled him close and kissed him senseless.
“Green, Sir …” It sounded a bit week already. Sherlock wasn’t used to John being weak and at once he started to worry.
He got his shaking arms under him and slowly pushed himself up. He groaned and shook but made it back on all fours. And he crawled. His speed was snake-like but instead of leaving behind a trail of slime, he left blood.
“Thank you, John. I actually found a lot. I wrote down what you wanted for these three.” Sherlock pointed at the folders.
“I do trust you, John. Most of all people. You are good for him. I know you are calling me because of him. Just let me know, OK?”
“This doesn’t look good, mate.” The man’s eyes widened in shock when John started to poke around the wound after he had donned gloves.
John slowly woke because he needed the loo. He blinked his eyes open and looked into the semi-dark of Sherlock’s bedroom. Their bedroom? He smiled and sighed. He wanted to get up and tried to lift his arms but couldn't. His hands were still cuffed to the belt around his waist. And he remembered what Sherlock had done. His whole body was still so relaxed and the pain was almost gone.
“You are such a filthy, fucking slut, John! You are unbelievable. Come on!” John fell down on him again and clenched several times in a row which made him snarl loudly. Then he came into John who followed suit shooting his cum all over Sherlock.
“I will carry this outside.” Mycroft lifted up the tray and it was rather heavy. He made a sound but managed. Perhaps he should change his workout plan. He made a mental note to himself to do just that.
After about twenty minutes he looked up and their eyes met.
“The last thing we will show is how he is enjoying this treatment. How perfect he will be as a sex-slave.” The Russian stepped away and the second man took over. He also used a condom; this time Sherlock was able to hear it being pulled over. His hands were on his hips when he lined up and pushed inside.
“It sure is. Wonderful choice. Gregory.” He smirked.
Sherlock woke because something was in his hair and pulled at his locks. He opened his eyes and found his dom very close, almost too close for comfort. But he was asleep. Only his fingers were moving through his hair but he wasn’t aware of it. Sherlock didn’t move but enjoyed. This felt nice. It didn’t hurt. He embraced his dom’s strong body and held him. He couldn’t sleep but it didn’t matter. He felt good. He didn’t hurt. He thought about strategy.
“No, stay. You can listen to my problem and tell me your opinion, as well.”
“There will be video footage and I will hand it over to him. He can watch whenever he wants, with or without supervision. But he needs to take over his life again, get back to normal. Be a detective again.”
Sherlock couldn’t do anything but hold on to the ride. John was a sex god, he was convinced. The moment John stuck his tongue into his ear, Sherlock came without being touched.
“Suddenly you grabbed my hips and pushed into me. Your big cock was breaching me and it burnt and hurt like hell. I shouted out my pain. But at the same time, you stroked my cock and I had no idea what I wanted.”
“You won’t. Lestrade is attracted to you. Perhaps there is even more. He probably prefers you naked anyway.” Mycroft almost looked shocked. He had no words for his little brother.
“John, don’t be upset, please. Just give in. I mean, look at me. I am rather good looking; I am interesting and intelligent. I am offering you a flat-share with benefits.”
“No, I am staying at home today. I can cook. I have to check our supplies though.” John hurried upstairs and got dressed properly.
“Yes. Again, I am sorry. I panicked and had no idea what was the right thing to do.” He sadly shook his head.
Only now John realised that Sherlock was still fully dressed in his suit and shirt only without the shoes. He smiled. He was happy. And then his stomach grumbled. Sherlock didn’t wake.
“Turn the bubbles on, please.” Mycroft did that, too. They enjoyed being close to each other until Greg yawned.
Then he started to search the flat and John returned to Sherlock’s side.
“Mr Holmes' personal doctor will have a look at you later. You can trust him. He already takes care of Sherlock. I am sure Sherlock will be happy to make a room ready for you.”
“You still know that?” Sebastian shrugged.
“Sherlock, love, I am too exhausted to do anything. I am too tired to make love to you. I am so very sorry.” He quietly said.
“Sounds good to me.” Greg looked into the oven now.
“Perhaps they are…” John groaned when he was pressed against Sherlock’s thin body and a bone poked him somewhere.
neither liked it. So, I am asking you to do it.” John felt quite a bit scared right now.
Sherlock fondly looked at the picture of him and John in Vienna. At first, he hadn't wanted to go there because he didn't understand why he should leave London for a vacation. But John had insisted and more or less begged him. Of course, he really couldn't deny John and they went.
And he was right. The next moment James appeared, bare chest, and holding a thong in his hands. Sherlock snarled and his fangs came out, just by instinct, the danger made him react and he couldn't help it. Jim grinned down.
Sherlock stroked over his head and carded through his hair.
John groaned loudly and his hands twitched but didn't come up.
“I am glad you came, Mycroft. Come and sit with me. Please.” Greg gently took his hand and pulled him into the living room. Mycroft relaxed and sat down.
“No, it turns me off. Just speak normally. Just as you usually do. You handling me will do the trick.”
“No. You need to drink some water. Then I will tell you what happened. When you are up to it again, I expect to be punished severely. But now you will drink.” Sherlock didn't dare to look at him when he held the glass to his lips and lifted his head.
“See you tomorrow.” John replied.
“You did not. You couldn't have done anything. But now it is over. Sherlock is safe and so are you.” She placed her on the passenger seat and buckled her in. She also gave her a bottle with water and she emptied it at once.
“I need to look at it before Anderson destroys everything. I will bring it over tomorrow.” He said.
John got even closer. He worked on his cock, his other hand pressed on his bladder, and his lips sucked on his pulse point.
“I will have another look later tonight. Home now?” He hopefully asked.
“Sh’lock?” He mumbled into the pillow. He sat beside him on the bed. He carded through his hair.
Afterwards, he felt much better and made a beeline through the bath. He stared into the mirror and tilted his head.
“Take this off, Sherlock. Please, take this off.” Sherlock did as being asked and placed it on his night-stand. He stood and looked at John.
“So are we.” John said and gestured to Greg to take over the wheel again. He let go of Sherlock and John pulled Sherlock close.
“Did you send it to Jim?”
“Oh!” Sherlock nodded, too.
“Good morning, John, Sherlock.” Gregory nodded and pulled his shoulder-bag off. John relaxed. This was only because of Sherlock's work. It must be an old case and Greg had simply come to ask some questions.
Outside, the sun shone onto Baker Street and Sherlock turned his head blinking. The sun was too bright and too hot. It hurt his eyes.
“Not directly, no. But I got reports. He has started the cleaning up rather successfully. He is unharmed and safe.” Sherlock relaxed and emptied his whiskey.
“Shh, relax. You can't escape this.” The needle pierced through his skin and it hurt like fuck. Tears streamed from his eyes without a break. Snot ran out of his nose. From time to time it got wiped away by the nurse while the doctor injected the Botox into his forehead and both his cheeks.
Sherlock wondered if John would wank under the shower or just use cold water to get rid of his arousal. He had clearly seen his arousal. He had been affected. Good. Very good.
But then he remembered the box with all the evidence. He hadn’t yet catalogued everything because yesterday had turned out a bit not good. He sighed and sent a quick text to Lestrade to let him know he would be late.
“You made quite the mess but I don't mind. It was worth it. I have people to clean the place. I want it to shower and dress. Come downstairs afterwards.”
“What?” They looked at each other.
“Have you had dinner tonight?” Mycroft asked out of the blue.
“Come here, Sherlock.” He turned towards his brother who lifted his hands. Sherlock suddenly knew what he was up to and lowered his head a bit. Mycroft moved his fingers into his hair and ruffled it. Both men quietly laughed and it warmed Mycroft's heart.
“No, Master. I am sorry, Master.”
“Please, John. I’d do anything. You can do anything to me later. I need you to forgive me…” His voice was quiet and his fingers shook a little bit.
“Yes, John.” But he looked as if he had a question. John grinned. He had rented the perfect slave, a prime sub.
“Yes, Greg. I’ll go and open the door for him. Get ready and meet him, he really is a very nice person.”
“I got interrupted by the enema set. But I will get comfy now.” He smiled and sauntered back into the bath. John smiled and looked forward to later that evening.
Sherlock didn't notice Mrs Hudson lurking out of her door. She had heard the door upstairs and then someone on the stairs. She saw Sherlock holding the notes and open the door. She smiled and watched him.
“He will love you, too.” John had no idea what to think about this but strangely he felt absolutely safe.
“Get naked.” John ordered and Sherlock quickly obeyed. All the equipment hung neatly on the wooden wall and John dressed him into a harness. He connected the head-harness and pulled it over. The bit was pulled tight and the rings pressed into his flesh. There were even blinkers.
The helicopter had landed a mile away from the castle. It was shielded by a hill and couldn't be seen from there. The troops got out and with them came Mycroft and Greg.
Then man started to bounce him again and Sherlock's cock started to leak while the man played with his nipple-rings.
“Don’t be sorry, it’s all fine. Don’t worry.”
“What did you do? What changed?” Sherlock dared to ask. His voice was low and soft.
“Is everything OK?” She asked and both men nodded.
“My team has searched your flat, Sherlock. All your things are still there. John Watson stored everything in 221C. He also had his place at 221C, a fully furnished flat.” Greg looked angry, very much so, but suppressed the emotion. Instead he offered.
The man reached up and held the ropes. He slowly pulled and pushed until his prick invaded Sherlock's mouth. Soon he gurgled and choked. He cried a lot because his testicles got pulled in the process, as well. The man actually never moved his hips, he just pulled and pushed Sherlock on and off until he spurted into him covering his face and head in the process.
“There is no reason to be sorry. And remember, you can do what you want in here. You do not need my permission. But I would like to see you back for lunch. If you aren't hungry, at least have a tea.” Sherlock nodded and returned into the guest-room. He shed his clothes and climbed into bed. He buried his face into the pillow and could still smell his dom. John.
He pushed deep into his throat and felt him swallow. He pulled out again and listened to the desperate panting and breathing. He enjoyed this a bit too much and wanted to extend the duration. He slowed down a bit and let his sub lick and suckle the head for a while.
“What would I do without you?” He sighed and lifted their hands to kiss his knuckles. Greg smiled.
“Will you fuck me when I promise to eat?” Sherlock asked and John just stared at him.
John walked faster and opened the door into their living room. It was semi-dark and his eyes adjusted while moving over the furniture.
“Yes, Greg.”
“And did Ian ask about John Watson?” Greg wanted to know.
John got up and stood by the bed. He looked at Sherlock who got up slowly and guided him into the position he needed him in. On his way, he picked up a piece of his torn shirt and John wondered what he wanted to do with it.
“The answer is no, John. We are just best friends.” John blushed and cast his eyes.
“I will tie you to that chair. You will be both gagged and blindfolded. I won’t be here. You will be safe anyway because I have a remote to put in your mouth. If you bite into it, I’ll get a signal and the cuffs will open by themselves.”
“Yes, very clear.” He muttered trying to hold his stare but failed. He knew it was stupid. This was just a game. But hell, was Mycroft good at it.
The warmth of the laptop slowly slipped through his denims. He pulled it a bit closer to cover his swelling member. Then he looked over the lid of the laptop at Sherlock who returned his gaze. He looked bloody smug. He could probably smell his arousal.
“I suggest we have breakfast and then we should talk.” John nodded his consent and Sherlock bit into his nape making him yelp.
Sherlock never begged. John wondered. What was going on in that massive brain?
“I am good here. I can talk to Dr Kim for a while. He can do a check-up on me. I know he wants to. He is still worried. I will tell him about my progress. I will also text Greg it will take longer and he will stay where he is.”
“Where is my breakfast?” He looked at Mycroft's mug.
“I hoped that. You are so thoughtful.” He kissed him back and licked his lips. “Let me freshen up and I’ll be done in a second.” Sherlock snatched the bag and disappeared into the bath.
Greg decided to be daring and formulated a careful reply.
John followed more slowly and swallowed. This was bloody luxurious. The bed was bigger than their bathroom at 221B. He walked through and found the ensuite. A broad smile came up on his face. There was a whirlpool. He would very much enjoy this right away. He could have a bubbly bath before dinner.
He was lost in his fantasies when the door opened and John entered his room. Sherlock turned his head and smiled.
“It sure is. But he doesn’t do that anymore. Nowadays he just asks about the time I’ll be home.”
He had to widen his stance and hold on to his hair. He scratched his nails over his scalp and pulled his hair a bit. It seemed to be the perfect thing to do because he groaned around him and increased his speed. He licked and sucked and bopped faster and faster until he pressed forward when he felt John’s ball pull up.
“Then talk to him.”
Sherlock never saw the stainless-steel room again or even the people who handled him there. John bought him and never mentioned any sum of money. Sherlock was as happy as one could be in his situation.
“You are a fantastic cook. This is simply great.” Ian said over the dessert. And even Sherlock had taken a slice.
“If I wouldn't know better, I would say you are a bit Lycan, John. A Lycan close to change.” Mycroft looked up and then between John and David.
“No, he was just wondering if I am ok.” Mycroft replied. Greg looked over at Mycroft’s bodyguards.
“Well, I have duly noted everything. Now I know what to do when you disobey or behave naughtily.”
“We can have beautiful family dinners in the near future then.” They looked at each other and then broke into laughter.
“I thought so. I will think of some predicament.” Sherlock licked his lips and couldn’t think straight anymore.
He sighed and listened to Mycroft’s steps coming closer.
“Brilliant cheating, it is!”
”Sherlock, aren’t you enjoying my little treat?” Mycroft asked.
“I know that. I wanted too much too fast. But I had waited. And I had already explained myself. What else?” Sherlock sounded desperate.
“John, how are you doing? You look hellish.” Greg said coming closer. John carefully shrugged.
“Sh’lock? You are home …” He blinked and then focused.
“You are supposed to take care of me! Why don’t you? Why do you let her hurt me? Is this some sort of weird punishment?” John stood absolutely still.
Sherlock suffered a lot and by now he had doubts. He still loved John, his dom. But he also missed his former life.
He reached into his pocket and looked at the small box. He opened it and looked at the ring. It was a silver ring with a few engravings on top and inside. He sighed and put it back.
“Now lift up your wonderful arse, so I can help you.” John did that, too, and his face showed a rather nice blush by now. Sherlock grinned shoving the thick diaper for adults under him. He closed one side and held down his prick before he closed the other side tightly. He pulled him up into a sitting position.
“Could you please lift me up a bit?” He asked looking up. Mycroft nodded.
On his way, John took a box meant for evidence and stepped up to him. He knew it would be useless to remind him that he could have sent a text for him to make him come along. Instead, he just placed the box by his side.
He had talked to the owner for a long time and he had been very helpful. John had asked him about Sherlock’s latest kink and he had had some ideas. Now John was on his way to pick up some things.
“Get up.” He said and gently pushed him back. Sherlock got up too quickly and swayed for a second. He had been too far gone already and John quickly reached out for him.
“Thank you.” Ian topped up his tumbler.
“You need to get a special treatment to make you look even better. I can't do this here, so we need to go there. You will behave, won't you?”
The first thing he would change would be to call him by his name and stop calling him
“Only if you eat the wrong things.” They looked into each other’s eyes and John lifted his head. Sherlock didn’t move but his lips stood a bit open.
“I saw some other things in your bag.” Greg carefully said.
“Yes, I am Greg. Nice to meet you.” They shook hands and John sat on Sherlock’s armrest.
“Up for a scene again?” John nodded.
“Help me up against the headrest, Seb.” He did it and saw him pull a face because it hurt sitting on his behind, but he didn’t complain.
“I might do just that.” John replied and pulled himself up.
“We have to get rid of them. We have to find them. No, it's too late.”
“Look at me.” Softly spoken but Sherlock's head came up.
Finally, he admitted to himself that he wanted John for himself. He didn’t want to share John with others. Sherlock knew that his wish was utter nonsense but still the feelings wouldn’t leave his mind.
“No, it's all fine. I am just cleaning up and then I'll be gone.” But the butler shook his head.
“Feel free to take what you want, my friend. I will be back soon. And don't you worry!” Ian looked stern but failed. It made Sherlock smile and relax. He slumped into the chair.
“Won’t you ask why he killed that Afghan?” Mycroft looked up.
Then he took the fabric off his eyes and Sherlock blinked up at him. John questioningly looked at him.
“Stop.” John suddenly said and stood. Sherlock stilled and didn't look up. Carefully he put down his fork and folded his hands in his lap. But his dom just stood behind him and gathered up his hair. He pulled it back and used a rubber-band he pulled from his pocket.
“I actually never have… You know… I only… Anyway, we will figure it out, won’t we?” John muttered.
“I would like to know about your brother’s livestock.”
„Not like that. He had been using again and just finished another detox. He needed company and my wife just left me. So, I took him in.“ He shrugged it off.
One day his routine was broken and they tied him up and blindfolded him at an unusual hour. He was let out of the room into another one upstairs. He felt carpet beneath his feet. A feeling long gone. He tried to enjoy what he could.
“You know, I had ordered several things to try out. Then bad things happened and Greg needed to sort it out for us. Furthermore, I decided to go another way. I still want to explore these things but now I found there are special places, apartments, that cater to people who like to
Somehow, Sherlock carried a suitcase on his way back and again John didn’t ask because Sherlock was too pleased with himself to spoil this.
“Listen, since I can’t sleep anyway, why don’t we try to find out about what happened to Jim?”
He barely noticed when he was left alone. He heard his dom talk to the man and they both laughed. Then it became quiet. He heard John use the bath and soon he came out dressed in comfy clothes. Sherlock relaxed just a little bit because this normally meant a session was over and done with.
“Please, Captain, may I have the ball-gag used on me?” John smiled and patted his head.
“Sebastian.” They looked at each other and suddenly there was magic. James forced Sebastian on his knees. Then he placed his palms on his shoulders and lowered his head. He kissed him wet and dirty and this big man didn't do anything, didn't move. Instead, he closed his eyes and moaned into Jim's mouth.
“I am going to use you, watch you, humiliate you. This is new and it is good.” He rubbed his hands and then got a wicked spider-gag. John gurgled as his mouth was forced wide open.
The light was dimmed and only some candles burnt.
“There we go. This is new. I read about it on the internet. You know how to safeword, John. If you won't I will proceed now.” John looked up at him and just nodded. Sherlock snarled happily and pulled him up. He had to spread his legs a bit because the diaper was thick and he wouldn't be able to close his legs. He wondered what Sherlock was up to. He found out right then.
“Why are you still dressed?” John smiled.
“Please, don’t hit him. I did that already.” Sherlock said.
“I will pull over. Go into the bushes.” And Sherlock did as being told. John got out, too. Just in case he would snap again. But nothing happened and he came back. He handed him a bottle with water he brought from Baker Street. Sherlock drank and leant against the car.
“The nurse brought them and I showered after I got Jim something to nibble on.”
“Yes, at first I just liked the idea of living with him. I thought I stood no chance. But then it happened, you know? At first, he only told me he liked it rough and I was so worried. Finally, he sent me over to his brother who told me everything. It was like a revelation. Now we are a couple and I promised him everything he needed, everything he wanted. He goes under so beautifully…” John sighed.
“I will be perfectly fine. No one will harm me while hiding in my room. I could even hide inside your panic-room if you insist. But you have to go after him. Promise me!” Sherlock reached out for him.
“I need my dom... I can't live without him. He takes care of me. He provides everything. He educates me and he praises me. Please...” He started to cry but very quietly.
Mycroft swallowed. He was clueless already. Should he simply dive into the experience with Gregory? Just listen to what he had to say and then react? Or was he supposed to explain himself first?
“Drugs?”
“I have trouble finding the correct words. I can’t put my feelings into a proper sentence. You do this to me, John. And it is a first for me.” Sherlock smiled as well.
“We watched the castle for several hours, actually since we found him here. There were guards at first but never down here. John Watson had sent them away except for two guards by the door who are probably supposed to alert him when anyone approaches.” Greg nodded.
“Yes, I am ready to do this with you.” He roughly whispered and his eyes couldn’t let go when John slowly approached him.
“So?”
“Did she try to talk some sense into you?” Now Sebastian smiled.
“I let you have an Advent wreath. It has candles, real candles. I let you put snow on the windows. I even moved my skull so your crib could sit on the mantle. But this? It’s atrocious!”
“What niceties?” Sherlock asked following John out of the room.
“Don’t worry, I called them and changed your hours to this morning. Don’t worry.”
“I just want you by the side.” This made Sherlock smile.
“Why not? I can introduce you and then you could go.”
“Oh, I love the sight of you wanking and I didn’t forbid it, did I? I mean, we were done. So it is all fine.” John shrugged and saw him relax.
“Yeah, off you go. Leave me behind. It's all fine.” And he even pouted. Greg quickly stepped over to him and kissed him hard.
“What did you answer him?”
Only then, he wiped over his forehead. Obviously, Mycroft was still a bit confused. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have agreed to that.
“What?” John asked. Sherlock kept munching his overcooked pasta.
He heard himself beg and had been gagged, too. Mycroft had grabbed Sebastian's hair and pulled him up making him look at Sherlock. Then the last blow hit right between his legs and he lost his consciousness.
“Well, I do like it, too. In addition, I do both sides. Tonight, I want to bottom. Tonight, I am going to submit to you, Gregory. Chose anything from that bag and be assured it will add to my arousal.” Mycroft replied and for a few seconds they locked eyes.
“You know, I really wish I’d been there to help you. I am sorry you had to go through all this. It is not right to do such things. It is pure sadism and I hate such things.” Sherlock tilted his head.
“Get into the bath and clean yourself properly. If you aren't ready in 20, I will drag you out. Am I understood?” Sherlock's eyes watered when John took some strands of his hair and shook his head from left to right and back. His scalp was on fire.
“I don’t know. I have never done it.” Mycroft replied.
“He is anxious to see you, DCI Lestrade.” She said while typing into her mobile.
“He was all by himself in the woods. The last thing I saw was a pair of legs dressed in camouflage before I passed out.” They looked at each other.
So, he tried and tried but couldn't make it. He was too weak to try more than a few times. He quickly was bathed in sweat and panting hard.
“I need to talk to you. Privately.” Mycroft said pouring coffee for himself.
“You suggested to do baby-play next?” He looked at John who nodded.
It took nearly two hours until the groaning started. John turned to look at him. His eyes were scrunched close and he shifted. His thighs strained while he automatically tried to close his legs. It was impossible, of course.
“I sure do.” Sherlock smiled and suddenly his eyes widened.
„Your source was great. We found our certain someone and also a place. We will bring some toys, just in case. I will also take care of the camera and sound equipment. I will provide a live feed for you if you want to?“ Sherlock offered.
“I believe we can leave John with the doctor, Sherlock. Let’s move back to the hotel and get to work.” Greg looked at him. Sherlock though shook his head.
“John asked for pictures of you assisting me. Perhaps I will film some trials so he can watch you.” Sherlock looked up.
„Kneel!“ Sherlock ordered and used a scissor to cut off the gag. The man weakly coughed and almost fell forward. Sherlock started to shower him everywhere and had a good time. The water was cold and the pressure rather high. He could actually shove the slim man over the tiles with it.
“What food?” He asked.
Soldiers jumped out of the helicopter and followed them. John managed to get Sherlock safe. They were hiding and weren't found. They had to watch how they grabbed Greg though.
Inside the bath, he found his favourite foam, shampoo, and shower gel. Even his conditioner was there. Everything was set up for one person and his fingers moved over all the bottles and flasks. His brother had thought of everything. Of course, he had.
“What am I supposed to do, Mycroft?”
“Yes, he said it would help me become the perfect submissive.” Sherlock was dead serious.
“Don’t be peckish. I know you love the risotto.” John said and lightly kicked him under the table. It made Sherlock look at him and half a smile came up.
“Good morning, sunshine.” John said all smiles. “You should really take care of that or you might cut yourself.” He turned around and disappeared into the bath.
“It actually sounds like fun. I will do it!” Now he brightly smiled and pulled John into a hug. John lifted his head and kissed him. He obviously surprised him because Sherlock was just being kissed. He lifted up his hands and palmed his face. He snogged him senseless and when he was done, he licked his lips.
He turned the water warm.
“No problem. Wake me up and I will make you breakfast.”
“Yes, I know what you can take. Outside, on a crime scene or when fighting a criminal. But how could I have known what you could take in bed? I had to be careful.” Sherlock stared at John. He hadn’t seen it that way. He just had been bored.
“Let's go. I called a cab.” He gestured towards the door and Sherlock started to move. He had been briefed very thorough. He had been given permission to go and witness before the court. No more interactions though. Only if he saw Greg Lestrade, he was allowed a few words. But no talking to anybody else besides the necessary persons on the trial.
“It has been awkward at the beginning. I didn’t know what to do or how to act. Where to sit or where to go. Gregory though had everything under control thanks to his experiences with you, I believe.”
“No, not at all. It was me, we talked. I told him something and he bought me coffee and cookies afterwards.” Sherlock’s voice was rough and he didn’t look at John.
Sherlock froze and the notebook fell from his hands. He swallowed and licked his lips.
“This feels almost like your skin. But your skin is so much better.” John’s hand changed to Sherlock’s chest that peeked out from under the blanket.
A minute later he heard the suppressed noises coming from half under the blanket. He cried. John turned his head.
“But John, I mean, you are here with me. No one ever stayed to do this …” John was clueless.
Mycroft stared into the car.
“What will happen to John?” He asked just as they reached the door. Mycroft wouldn't look at him.
“But I need to ...” Sherlock's palm pressed down on his groin making him moan.
“You need a break. Let’s eat something warm and head back to the hospital. I’ll drive and wait for you.” Sherlock looked at him and relaxed.
“Let me know if he replied.” Sherlock said.
“I can’t go home and just wait. Do you have anything for me?” Sherlock asked.
“Besides Greg, I am the expert here. And I will interfere if seeing something I don't like being done to you. I know you, Myc. You will exaggerate. You won't stop because you think you need to explore, need to know. We are very much the same.” Sherlock looked dead serious.
“It's Sherlock. May I please come in?” He both spoke and looked into the camera. He knew it was on because by now the light was blinking.
“There is a dining-room at the end of the hall. You'll find everything in the cupboards there. We will join you right away.” Ian smiled and John saw how Sherlock soaked it up and even returned it. He turned around and left.
Sherlock grinned and panted lightly. John could feel his erection. This had been good then. He hadn’t hurt him and he looked rather pleased and surprised.
“So?” John was very insistent.
“See, there is a walk-in wardrobe. I will have another one built for you, Gregory.”
“Come on and sit with me!” John called him and he returned to the kitchen table to take his bowl. They decided to sit on the sofa instead of the bed and Sherlock pulled his long legs under.
„God, who do we want?“ Sherlock wondered scrolling down and down.
“Well.” Sherlock tilted his head and licked over his lips.
“It just might.” They quietly laughed.
“For instance, there is a plug. It is just thick and big and does nothing. It just fills me out and is just the right amount of too much to make it uncomfortable. There also is a metal device you hook into the nostrils. It gets attached to a head harness or whatever. I hate it. It hurts in a bad way and makes me cry.” John hummed.
Sherlock was surprised and relaxed just a little bit.
“We will. Grab him now.” Sebastian picked up Sherlock who didn't move at all. He carried him upstairs and placed him into a comfortable bed. He moved his hair out of his face.
“Come on, I want to sit with you for a while.” John said after he had cleared away the dishes. He pointed towards the sofa and Sherlock quickly followed him. He found his place between his dom's legs and on his chest.
“He told you about me taking drugs, didn't he?” John nodded.
“I am afraid it is tomorrow already. At 9 o'clock sharp. Please, be on time?” He looked at Sherlock, too.
Sherlock soon understood because he did the same. His fingers clawed into his grey-blond strands and pulled him onto his prick. He held him for several long seconds until he let go. John breathed heavily through his nose and moaned desperately. Sherlock was extremely aroused.
“Of course not.” John moved his finger over Sherlock’s hands.
He was close to giving up and tried to think of nothing. He emptied the bottle and splashed around until he could barely stay awake. He quickly towelled off and walked naked as he was into the bedroom. There were new sheets and blankets and he closed his eyes. But he just climbed inside and pulled up the duvet. He sighed and closed his eyes. He fell asleep in seconds.
“Let me draw you a bath. It will do you good.” Sherlock whispered. John leant back and looked up at him.
“You saw the film. He is in shock. But he was awake and aware of everything when Anthea picked him up.” John turned his head. He had been taught his fair share in psychology and also learnt a lot while being in Afghanistan. Sherlock needed to talk about it. He would be there for him if he still wanted him. John wasn't sure because of how he had treated him during the last days and weeks.
It took John a few minutes to come to his side but when he did, he grinned.
“I am fine.” Molly looked at him.
Only the moment the door had closed behind her, she allowed herself to close her eyes and sigh. She walked over to a window and looked over London. She had come back here for some business.
“Lestrade came to my room and we both asked around for you and finally found you in the depths of the park. Someone must have hit you on the head from behind with something heavy.”
“John?” There was no reply and his eyes didn't even blink. Sherlock sat by his side and pulled him into his arms. John's head rested on his chest and Sherlock held him close.
“As I said, I don't mind. It is for us. It's like buying some new furniture.” Sherlock just shrugged it off.
“Of course, I don't want you to get bored while waiting a bit longer. But you know I am just a few rooms away. I will pick you up later. In the meantime, you may relax and think about how proud I am right now.” Sherlock instantly relaxed and John used the moment to shove the plug into him. Sherlock groaned. He always was sore inside and tears threatened to spill again.
“Perhaps, I should bring him something nice when going back to the hospital. I know how he hates to be there.” John wondered aloud.
“It’s not for me. Go away.” John closed his eyes.
“So, what do you expect of me?” John asked.
“Oh…” John said moving his thumbs over Sherlock’s shoulders feeling the bones protruding. Perhaps he should be preparing some dessert as well.
This man, a dom, was cooking him his beloved mushy eggs. He was excited about it. Soon enough, Ian brought him his plate and expectantly looked at him.
“You are not to blame, Gregory. I am glad you are with me. You have shown me life. Finally, I allowed myself to love someone.” He took his hand and kissed it.
“Very good. So did I.” He started the car and they slowly left London and drove south.
“What? No! I’d never leave him!” It just came out and it made Greg smile.
“Thank you. It's fine.” He clearly enjoyed this and Sherlock relaxed just a little bit. He still felt utterly helpless. He wasn't used to being helpless or even serving people. People were serving him in every way possible.
“So, I have seen...” Sherlock said. Ian felt the urge to tell him about himself.
“Do you think he is willing to be intimate with me?” He asked very quietly.
“The London Eye.” John was surprised.
He snorted. He needed something to do. He needed work. He dashed upstairs and left his coat on the hardwood. He decided to do some lab work. That would keep him busy until his appointment was due.
“Now you want me to come?” Sherlock raised a brow and Mycroft pressed his lips together.
“Your beautiful eyes are very smallish.” Mycroft said thoughtfully. Greg tilted his head and smiled.
And he allowed himself to give in and come. He shot his load into nothing and had no idea what was going on around him. Ian let him swing for a while and when he got him off the system and removed the mask, the client had disappeared already.
Suddenly Ian pulled his mobile from his pocket.
“Yes, but involving doing it, we need to measure you. Your weight. Your height. You must be totally safe in there.”
Finally, he sighed and lifted both his arms. His fingers felt for the lock and he had to fumble a bit but he managed. The chain fell from his neck and he held it. Greg wordlessly held up the bin from under the desk. Sherlock dropped it and stared into the bin. Then he started to scratch his neck.
“Oh Gregory, you shouldn't have done that. You are not going to touch yourself in my presence. Let go!” It was his voice that made his cock twitch and leak more than before but Greg's hand left his cock. Desperately he looked at him. Mycroft's eyes moved over his naked body.
In return, John seemed to be at least a bit affected by this. He didn’t move away from him but he looked quite a bit confused.
“What if we wouldn’t have met? John?”
The tension very slowly left Sherlock's hand and fingers and the moment he completely relaxed he also was asleep.
“Absolutely! Very much so!” Greg replied with a smile and sat up against the headrest. They looked at each other and Greg saw that Mycroft had no idea what to do next. Greg felt he needed to do something. Say something. Initiate something.
“Are you freezing?” He quietly asked looking a bit worried.
“Absolutely.” Mycroft walked inside and poured whiskey into two tumblers. “There you are. Where is John anyway?”
“You are free to leave, Mr Holmes.” She said and then blushed. She quickly left again.
“Absolutely. They were great.” John smiled and watched him.
“I am sorry. I meant to say help; you were here to help.” Sherlock looked pleased.
He picked another device from the box and lowered his body towards his cock and balls. It was a stainless-steel cage that fully covered his testicles and partly his cock. The head stayed free so he could piss.
“Here, take mine.” Sherlock reached out for it, not looking at him.
“Naughty, bitch!” Mycroft exclaimed and pulled out. He was extremely hard and hadn’t come.
Next, he followed him back to the table towards the planned killing. To John, it seemed like murder but Sherlock simply lowered his head and poked the man into the side.
“What else do you want to ask?” Sherlock wondered.
He had seen John’s prick before, of course, he had. Secretly so because John was quite the private person. Sherlock had cheated and looked during the night while John was very much asleep due to a little help from Sherlock’s freshly brewed tea.
“This isn't your blood, is it?” He asked. John shook his head.
“Mycroft? What happened?” He listened intently.
“Somebody shot him with something.” John said quietly.
Mycroft was driven to Baker Street. He left his car and stood on the pavement looking up. The windows were open, Greg had probably smoked. He smiled.
“Very good, slut, very good.” His dom patted his behind and went back to sit in his armchair. He actually left him alone and Sherlock was a bit confused. He had expected more control, more questions, more anything.
Sherlock had his long arms around John’s broad chest and held him. John’s head rested against his shoulder and his eyes were closed.
“Follow me, pet. Sergej, please wait up here for a minute. I want to prepare everything to your likings and you know I don't like to be watched while preparing a scene.” He seriously looked at him and the Russian nodded and sat back down. Sherlock crawled over to his dom and quickly followed him. He didn't speak while he was led into the basement. He hadn't yet been down there and he wondered what he would find.
“Then what?” John shook his head. Sherlock turned around while walking.
“No, we hadn’t.” They looked at each other.
“Yes, Master.”
“I said shut it!” John repeated his words from a few seconds ago.
“Get out of the dress and hang it up nicely. The shoes, too.” Sherlock quickly obeyed. John hummed.
„You have to help me, Greg. John is ...“ He stopped dead.
“It’s not red or swollen. I don’t need a shot.” Sherlock replied.
“It’s true though.”
Something had changed. John had changed. It seemed like he was in shock. Ian needed to find out what had happened while John was away for his clean-up.
“I made it myself.” Greg added and Sherlock’s face lightened up.
“I wanted to set up the table for you but there are no plates.”
“Because I don't want you to get hurt. I don't want to see your eyes filled with fear.” He shook his head and Sherlock could just watch.
now. I am sorry. Please, forgive me...” Sherlock roughly whispered.
“Is it going to hurt a lot?” Sherlock quietly asked.
“I will be buying new clothes as soon as I have my own money.”
“Yes, but that was before you made me come!” Now Sherlock had to smile.
He pulled up the blanket and huddled into it wishing it was John’s body he could hold on to.
“Just do it. I will talk to Sally and she will take over my cases and everything else needed.” He could hear him exhale. Relax.
“Greg, don't blame yourself, please. He always threatened me by harming the people close to me if I won't behave. He told me he would come after all of them if I would ever tell anyone.”
“But I wanted to see you!” Sherlock smiled.
“The smaller one, please.” Sherlock got out the words.
He cleaned his teeth and brushed his hair. He had nothing to dress into but wasn't used to it anyway. So, he just stepped outside. To his surprise, there were clothes on the bed laid out for him. He carefully checked the size but it was meant for him. He climbed into the trackpants and t-shirt. There was no underwear or socks but anyway.
?” Greg snorted and shook his head.
“And where is John?” He looked right into his eyes.
John quietly laughed.
“What?” They looked at each other and then John sipped some more. Then he said:
At last, he called Sally Donovan and asked her to send some of his cold cases by courier to Mycroft's place. He would bring Sherlock back. And that was how it would work.
“No. He was just happy and excited. It was a new experience and he enjoyed it quite a lot.”
He sighed and left the window. He entered John's office. He started to work. He forgot the time. But John had left him a mobile to be able to reach him in the cause of problems or whatever. And now it had dinged with a text message.
And this time Sherlock not only pulled his hair but also held him down. John had excellent body control. He also was disciplined. He did not choke. He breathed when he could and held his breath when needed.
“Why not?” They sat on the sofa together and watched the brothers soon being joined by Anthea who brought the latest intel on the incident.
“No, I don’t. Where should I put it? The rooms are too small for a dining table. I am eating alone or not at home anyway most of the times. So why bother?” Greg shrugged it off.
“Let’s sit down somewhere.” Sebastian suggested and Sherlock just moved back into his room. There was no table in there, so they both sat on the bed and stared at the screen. Sebastian felt a bit weird but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind.
“You are going on a date if I remember correctly. That’s why I didn’t ask.” Sherlock shrugged.
“We need to talk!” He exclaimed and dashed out of the car and into 221B. John was left to pay the cabbie. He gathered his bags and followed him more slowly.
“Here you are, John. Freshen up a bit and wake up properly. I’ll be right here waiting for you.” John thankfully smiled and took some clothes. He quickly showered and carefully washed his hair relieving it of the blood crusty strands.
For the first time, he admitted it to himself. He had fallen in love with Sherlock Holmes. This insane man had saved his life, had given him a purpose, and had fallen for him. And vice versa.
“I never have been to a cinema.”
“Very well. See you soon!” He stood and John followed him to the door.
Sherlock looked at the closed door. He knew by heart he had been stupid but he had felt like it. He had been disappointed and he needed to show it.
“Forgive me, my friend. Why are you so self-conscious? You were perfect! Just as I expected. And he did book a session.” Sherlock nodded. Then his stomach rumbled and Ian raised a brow.
“How long haven’t you played?” John snorted.
“No, he isn’t. Go ahead and call your big brother.” Sherlock pulled out his mobile and called. John climbed on the back-seat to watch over Moriarty. He didn’t listen to Sherlock talking until his voice became rather loud.
“Jesus, Mycroft. This is incredibly good stuff!” He licked his lips. Mycroft stared at his mouth and swallowed. Then he almost choked on his drink.
„Girls?“ John asked and Greg shrugged.
Sherlock stared at the screen and the camera followed the fluid through the hose. When it reached his arm, Sherlock swallowed. But he didn't turn his eyes away. He kept unblinkingly staring until the camera moved over to a screen where a flat line was on.
“Hand me some tissues, will you?” He roughly said and Sherlock did exactly that.
“John? Dinner is ready!” He called and John quickly stood. He sauntered over and looked at everything.
“I am not sure.” Greg said shaking his head.
“I am so sorry...” Ian whispered but Sherlock shook his head and came closer.
He stopped running when he was pleased and had a plan. He had also just made half marathon.
“What did you do today, Sherlock?” He straightened up and proudly answered:
Surely his dom had filmed enough to make several clips from the material.
“Perfect. We will celebrate tonight. But now the books, if you please?” Ian smiled and Sherlock nodded.
“I'll see you later, Greg. Mycroft, no more sucking until we have some results.”
Sherlock hailed a cab and bribed the driver to rush to the bank beside the Tower Bridge. Lestrade was on his way already, too. He had texted him just a few seconds ago.
“I only can speak for myself.” Sherlock seriously said.
“Yes, except for that.” John held out his hand and let Sherlock pull him up.
“I would have done anything for you! Anything! But you once promised! We have a contract! I will not do it!” He panted and lifted his arms to defend himself.
“I will get you scrubs.” Sherlock looked shocked.
Then Sherlock switched the dildo on. It started to vibrate and rotate over his prostate at once. It switched from slow to quick and had several patterns that drove John mad in seconds. Sherlock just watched him shake and tremble.
“It’s all fine.” Then he looked at Sherlock. He had been wondering how the two would get along. But it seemed rather well regarding the empty cups and cookie crumbles.
He knew he had to feed him soon. But he wanted him weak. He wanted him to whimper and wail in front of him. He wanted him to sway on his knees and cry while he fucked his mouth. And while he would fuck his throat, he would tell him what he intended to do to him. He smirked.
“Haven’t you called him?” Mycroft asked.
One night he woke because he felt being watched. But he didn’t feel in danger. He slowly blinked his eyes open and found Sherlock sitting on his bed eyes glinting in the semi dark room. He shot up.
Again, he wondered why he felt what he felt. By now, the feelings weren’t only in his head, his mind. No, by now his pants became rather tight, too. He had a bloody erection. He needed to get rid of it or otherwise it would be rather obvious beneath his tight dress trousers.
“Don’t do it. He will be annoyed for days and close the bedroom door right into your face.” Mycroft smirked.
“Any traces about the disappeared evidence including the corpses?”
“Because they are metal and will hurt you. I don’t want that.” He replied and Sherlock pouted.
The doorbell rang and Greg hurried to open it while inside the bath the shower started to run. He opened the door and gaped at a tall man looking like a cook from a fancy restaurant.
“What does that mean, you can't sense him?”
“Please do so.” They exchanged a last glance and Sergej closed the door. Mycroft exhaled and straightened up. He was a bit sore but not too bad. He turned around and dropped the blanket on the sofa. He got dressed again but left the pullover. He was still too warm. He folded it and put it into the bag. He looked around for a mirror and tried to manage his hair but it was useless. He looked at himself and tried to see what Greg might see and what Sergej had just seen. He sighed.
“Diogenes. I took it from there. It belongs to Mycroft and has only been used on me.” Sherlock slowly got up in a sitting position with his long legs crossed. John stayed halfway up on one elbow and looked up at him.
“Get him into my bedroom.”
“House-warming present, remember?” John took it and felt the fabric.
“There was a terrible accident on the motorway. We could save some, but not all. There was blood everywhere, body parts. I suffered a flashback. I got triggered. I…” John shook his head and scrunched his eyes closed.
“He indeed is a worthy mate for Sherlock.” John even had the decency to blush a bit which made Bela chuckle. Mycroft looked back at Greg.
Greg very well realised that he had freshened up and washed.
“Tell me right now …” Sherlock’s hand sneaked behind the hem of his trousers and boxers. He groped John’s cock and made him spread his legs.
“This is the cause of death and it isn’t.” Right then DI Gregory Lestrade entered the morgue.
“I know what you are doing. Get your laptop and come home. Bring John. I want to show you something.”
There was only red. He couldn't see anything but red. James hit him until he fell down and on his side. He wasn't able to move and he stopped making tiny, weak noises, too. His eyes slowly closed.
The moment the door had closed behind them, Greg was all over Mycroft. He pressed him against the wall and kissed him hard. He had taken his wrists and held them over his head. Their bodies were slotting together and Greg slowly lifted his leg and shoved his knee between Mycroft’s thighs.
“My thighs burn like hell and I am wondering, if I can ever fuck someone again …” Sherlock had a closer look at his cock. It was badly bruised and skin was chafed off, too.
John swallowed. This was a bit not good.
The man made a few steps back and leant against the cross. John walked around his submissive and once and again zoomed in.
And Sherlock sensed there was something going on in Ian's head. He tilted his head and looked at him. They had just finished dessert and Sherlock had topped up their glasses.
“Where is my coffee?” He heard the sheets rustling but he didn’t come out.
“You need to come inside and take a hot shower or bath. Get up, please?” John said and Sherlock slowly stood. His teeth were chattering and he was pale, sickly so. Inside Ian had taken a blanket and placed it over his shoulders. His whole body shivered and trembled by now.
“What can we do to help him?” Greg looked at Dr Sanders.
He lifted his head higher and screamed behind the gag. He was sweating and he came wildly. He kept panting while being attacked. His arse hurt more and more. His cock must be massive, huge, more than average size. He just hoped, he hadn’t come too soon for the likes of him but then he heard him groan and tense. He came and shot his cum into him. He fell down on his body and clung tightly to it. He stayed there for minute after minute and Sherlock wondered if he had fallen asleep.
“Sounds interesting to me.” Sherlock tilted his head and looked at John whose body was leaning in his direction. He was interested. Very much so. And he tried to entice John by asking:
“You are drunk. Do not touch me when you are drunk.” He hissed. He could smell the alcohol on John and it made him feel sick.
“Yes, now I can remember, too. But no more.”
“God, you are amazing and so beautiful…” He licked his lips.
“You have proved me many times that you are more than worth to be my submissive. That's why I am giving you this.” He held up the silver chain and dangled it in front of his face. Sherlock looked at it and swallowed. He actually couldn't believe it but there was his dom taking the collar away.
„I made a chicken broth. It won't hurt too much to eat that.“ John wouldn't look at him.
“I know that. We are friends, remember? And it is my work. I am earning a lot of money.”
“I should have been home. I should have insisted on being informed about his deductions.”
“Mycroft! Did something happen to Sherlock?” It was the first thing that came to mind. He opened the door wide and gestured him in.
„Well, John, what would you like to do to him?“ John concentrated on Mycroft again.
“I just need some answers and wanted to give you time and date for your witness account.” He turned his head between the two men and it seemed as if he spoke to both of them at once.
“So, he was here talking to you.”
When John came outside, he just handed back his weapon and sat in Greg's car. The commander talked to Mycroft.
“Sherlock, are you sure?” John asked and looked at him.
“Oh, yes, absolutely. He always takes care of me. Now you are with me and so you don’t have to worry.”
“You challenged me, John.” He breathed over his ear and his nose moved over his scalp.
“I am glad you stayed...” John replied and forced his eyes to stay open.
John let him come several times and stopped when he wasn't leaking anymore. He had fucked him slowly and almost tenderly. He had even kissed him and Sherlock melted into the bedding.
Moriarty was not moving. Sebastian’s hands were shaking and he had to blow his nose.
“I’ll make sure you won’t forget that.” He grinned and John weakly smiled.
“How did you find out all this?” He asked. Mycroft cleared his throat.
“No, actually not. Unfortunately, I forgot it. I am sorry but it seemed to be ok?” He asked. Sherlock nodded.
“It was my brother who showed me. He is the most perfect dominant. He showed me because sometimes he needs to come down as well. And he can’t do these things in public. He needed a confidante.”
“Yes, well, but why?” Greg stammered.
“I don’t understand.” Sherlock said and drank his coffee.
“I would be dead by now.” Now Sherlock held him a bit apart to look into his eyes.
“I wonder if you could give me something to do? No matter what. I will do it. But I need to be busy. Please?” Ian looked at him. He had actually expected this and hoped for it, as well.
“Wait…” John looked a bit closer and found he looked confused and insecure.
“John, are you really that blind?” Suddenly it dawned on John and he swallowed.
“Oh.” They sipped their coffee. Then there was John swaying into the living room rubbing his eyes.
“Out! You are not welcome here! Don’t make me show you the way out!” Now she paled a bit and Anderson was already back outside.
“My guest orgasmed three times and she looks very pleased, Master.” Sherlock replied.
“I could clean up a bit?” John had to smile.
“What did you do to me? I hurt …”
“Look at me, please?” Mycroft said. Carefully Greg looked up and Mycroft reached out for him.
“Use this on the few bruises. They will fade after two days. For the implants you need to come back but I took all the information already, so you won't have to wait long. He will need to stay in bed for a bit after that but I am sure we can arrange that in here if you like.” John slowly nodded.
, Mycroft. You should know that I am interested. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have accepted your dinner invitation. And the dessert. But you are moving too fast.”
“You are in love with your slave!” He stated while holding up the bowl. John's stomach made noises.
“A very good idea.” He showed him a guest bath downstairs and then the kitchen while he cleaned up, as well. Greg looked through the cupboards and saw that someone had been eating. Probably John. He found a pasta dish and put it into the microwave. Having thought about food, he wanted something warm now. It dinged and he pulled it out. It smelled and tasted delicious.
“He was just here. Shall I get him?” John looked at Sherlock on his knees and had to calm himself down.
The man took the remote and the system lifted him up. He slowly swung and so far, it was all fine. But Sherlock knew it wouldn't last.
“I went through your employee's files. Ian gave me some names. I wrote a report.” He pointed over to the table. John's eyes followed the gesture and saw the document. Slowly he walked over and sat down.
“Yes, he even asked for your mobile after Myc closed your case.”
“I’d like to see that.” Mycroft raised a brow.
“I gave up too quickly, it seems.” John said quietly.
“I understand you want a snack right now and in bed?” He asked standing up. Sherlock nodded.
“Hm?” He smiled at him and his calm relaxed Mycroft, too.
He slowly stood and had a shower. He dressed in fresh clothes and felt free. He actually felt much better after yesterday.
“I only need some quiet. Nothing much. No sex. Only quiet…” Now John raised a brow. What was wrong with him? He gently placed two fingers on his pulse point and felt it racing.
“It has now.” Mycroft replied and got out of bed shaking his limbs. Greg watched him from down below.
Another sound told Sherlock there was a text from Mycroft.
Sherlock cried and whimpered. Tears and snot and saliva covered his face. He had no idea how long his ordeal lasted but suddenly his throat and mouth were filled with cum. He almost choked and the man pulled out shooting the last part all over his face and neck.
“Hey...” Mycroft said with a smile. He had changed quite a bit since being with Greg.
Sherlock knelt and assumed the proper position in front of him. John's hand clawed into his hair and held his still thin wrists.
“This is amazing! It feels great!” He lowered his head and offered his lips. John kissed him. They groaned. John reached between his legs and rubbed over the bulge. He hadn't yet closed the strap between his legs.
“Egyptian silk.” Mycroft stated.
“You still need to rest. They don't want you to faint outside and nor do I.”
He walked over to the sofa and plonked on it. He left the plug and started to touch himself. He pulled and stroked and pressed his testicles. His free hand pinched and tweaked his nipples. He arched up and came again after only a few minutes.
“Sit with me. Don’t lurk around.” Mycroft sat down but after a second stood up again and went to get their drinks.
Again, Greg held Sherlock’s hand and the soldier carefully worked his laser. Afterwards, the woman took over again and gently put some ointment and more bandages on the tormented flesh.
“Which will change soon.” He gave him the look. Greg made a few steps closer to the bed and carefully touched the sheets.
“No. I thought he really might like me …” Now he looked sad and his brother pitied him. He knew he needed a mate.
“No, unfortunately not. I am going to get ready, shall I?” Sherlock kept looking at John while walking into the bath. After the door had closed behind him, John quickly checked his appearance in the mirror again. But everything was just perfect. Someone had even polished the buttons on his uniform as well as his boots.
“OK, I’ll stay. Go to sleep.”
“You are probably right.” John replied. Sherlock looked at him and tilted his head.
“Sit.” Sherlock sat by his side and folded his trembling hands on his lap. He smelled food. Oh God, he needed to eat. He was so hungry. He stared at the beef and bowls with potatoes and mushrooms and creamy sauce. His stomach rumbled.
“I am sorry. You must think me horrid and weak.” He tried to go away but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
“It felt very cowardly. Like I am not able to speak for myself.” John lifted up his chin.
„No, very good. Do you want to do it yourself or am I supposed to do the work?“ He asked.
“Your brother told me you were just a lazy sod. It wasn't the reputation; it was the fact that I asked you to carry the bags.” Sherlock showed his fangs.
“Oh, and Sir. You have a parcel delivered for you.” He looked at Greg.
“I am not wearing scrubs!” John shrugged.
John looked up and met Sherlock’s eyes. He smiled and adorably blushed.
“Can I do anything to help?” He kindly offered and John was surprised and turned around.
“Greg!” He turned his head towards the voice.
“Yes, Master.” Sherlock hurried away and disappeared into the bath. John heard the water and went to sit on the sofa. He poured a drink and took a paperback he had wanted to read for a long time. He listened to Sherlock in the bath and him padding into the bedroom. Bedroom! John again smirked.
“You can go and see him now. It’s room 567.” Sebastian hurried away and John sat down instead.
“Let's start right away, shall we? I really need to remind you of your place. I need you to know!” He yelled the last sentence and kicked him in the back. Sherlock fell forward and huffed out his breath.
“Have you slept well?” Ian asked and poured tea for him. Sherlock nodded.
“It’s what I want. You already accepted my dinner invitation and the special dessert.” He smirked.
“So, you really liked it? I always liked to sing, you know? And of course, I will sing later if you like me to. I am glad I can make you happy. Really. But you need to tell me because I can’t read your thoughts or mind like you do mine.”
“Well, your brother was right. We will use it more often.”
“No, Sherlock, I am sorry. I am sorry for not having noticed your sorrows. For never having told you that I considered you my friend. For never having told you that I like you a lot. Perhaps you would have come to me earlier if you would have known.”
John stared at Sherlock like an animal in front of a predator. He really wanted to kiss him. It looked like Sherlock wanted to do the same.
„Same here. Plus, we can't do this in here. We have to rent a place. See? We can do that online, too.“ Sherlock pointed at the site and both men nodded.
„What now?“ John looked at the shaking body in the rack.
Now Sherlock wondered about the situation. But only now. He hadn't thought about getting intimate with Ian. He liked him, yes. But could he ever be with him? How could he forget that Ian was another dom?
“Thank you.” He gave him a small smile and the doctor smiled back.
“They were staring at me and I had to say something!” Now he looked hurt.
In the morning, he yawned and right away thought about the tree downstairs. Was it still standing?
“But you can bet, I will follow you like a magnet attached to your back.” Now Greg raised a brow and John just turned away.
“No, we won't keep them.” After a few seconds Sherlock nodded his agreement.
Greg let him drink first and then stood to get a Kleenex box. Mycroft took it and blew his nose several times.
„A very good reason to be punished.“ Sherlock smirked and reached inside. A tiny key hung from a buckle on the front and he ripped it off. He unlocked the jacket on the back and peeled him out. He was sweaty and smelly. The diapers didn't have a lock.
“You could learn it for me, you know?”
John had cooked something small because there would be a feast tomorrow, Sherlock had told him.
“OK.” He sat on a kitchen chair. Mycroft looked between John and Greg. His fangs were still out and his fingers were moving restlessly. John opened the fridge and found some of the special. He heated it up in the microwave and handed it over to him. Mycroft snatched it out of his hands and gulped it down greedily. Slowly his eyes changed and John saw he needed more. He made him a second one and finally he calmed down.
as well.”
John quickly made a few steps back and opened the door for Sherlock who looked high as a kite. His eyes were red-rimmed.
“It's a pleasure, John. May I?” John nodded and was well aware of the fact that the shape-shifters showed him respect at once. Raven sniffed him and then David approached, too.
A few seconds later he took his cock and pressed something into the slit. The penis-plug, Sherlock realised. Inside his head, he actually wondered how John would stimulate him with nothing in his behind.
“This was the most intense thing I have ever done, my love. You are wonderful. So special and beautiful.” John almost cried but got a grip on himself.
He opened his lips and Mycroft took the invitation and invaded his mouth. He dominated the kiss from the very beginning but Greg didn’t mind.
“It is my business if you treat Lestrade like a toy you want to chew on. You can do better.” His voice was soft and the next minute passed by without words. They just looked into each other’s eyes and the communication was through their eyes and their minds.
“They hacked into your computer network and used the leaks to transfer money onto their own accounts. They also stole drugs and sold them by themselves. I am sure I could find more if...” But John shook his head.
“Talk to me, my beautiful, please?” John softly demanded stroking over his sweaty head.
He wondered how his dom managed to hold back. His massive cock kept leaking and twitching. The big head pressed against Sherlock’s body.
“Yes, I do.” His right hand crept up and his left thumb pressed into his inner thigh. John jerked and gaped at him. Sherlock leant in licking his lips. John just stared at his mouth, his lips, wet and full. He swallowed moving a bit closer to him.
“Sherlock! I was scared to death. I could see you. I saw you in that cage. I felt your pain.”  Sherlock reached out for John and pulled him on his lap.
“John? John!” John’s head came up and he met Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock actually didn't understand why his dom behaved like he did. He had done nothing wrong. John had approved of his actions here with Ian. Sherlock had read his texts. Ian had shown him.
“Yes, I am telling you exactly that. I not only want him dead; I need him dead.”
“For me and John, yes. Very much so. But what about you?” Sherlock asked.
“It is for your own good.” Silence. Sherlock just went mentally away, he logged out. Greg looked at John.
“No, I am sorry. I shouldn’t have fallen asleep while you were tied up. It could have been worse than just the urge for the loo.” He sounded too tired and Sherlock took a good look at him after having taken the blindfold off while John untied his ankles.
“Who?” Sherlock asked and saw his brother swallow.
“No. He won’t ever touch it. I am not allowing it. It is mine!” Sherlock was surprised. John grabbed him so hard it hurt, but he didn’t say anything. Sherlock just looked at John. He couldn’t understand this reaction.
“You have no idea…” Mycroft replied and stretched his arms over his head reaching the headboard.
“John, how are you?”
“Whatever.” John started to eat and didn't look at him. Sherlock swallowed and sadly turned away.
“Bloody hell, he is driving me insane…” John thought.
He dressed into one of his posh suits but left the jacket. He expected to find John having made tea or coffee already but the pot was cold and he was nowhere to be seen.
That’s why he started to push into him. He just pushed and pushed, never let go of his hair, until he shot his load deep down his throat.
“What?” Lestrade’s face was expressionless.
Greg placed the tray on his thighs and looked at him. But Sherlock simply looked back. Greg understood he needed guidance. He sat on the bed ignoring the glares from behind.
“My opinion? On what?” He asked and became very curious.
They were seated at a table for two by the window. After John had ordered, he looked at Sherlock and wondered if he should just ask. Suddenly Sherlock said:
“I know what you are doing and I think you are exaggerating a little bit.”
“With my brother. I don’t know why.” He shrugged.
“Sherlock, give me your glass and go to bed.” He looked at John and clung to his glass.
“I hate you...” Sherlock cast his eyes and swallowed.
John swallowed but took his hand. Together they entered Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Oh, don't you worry, dear, they will grow again.” He giggled and approached. He stared into his eyes and Sherlock stared back. And then he ripped out his left fang. Sherlock gurgled and blood ran out of his mouth and over his lips and chin. Jim kept watching him and waited a bit until he pulled out his right fang.
