They were so caught up in their game that none of them realized the knocking on the door. Tony only turned to look at Steve who had opened the door when his scent reached him through the humid air filled with fruity smells. Steve was also soaked to the bone and Tony could see him shiver in his wet clothes. The pair smiled at each other and Tony released his daughter to lean on the edge of the tub when Steve sat down on it. Morgan immediately swam over to her brother with her beloved ducks and the two started whispering among themselves.
Tony's dark hair was longer than he remembered it being, the first tiny wrinkles at the corners of his eyes were visible and he now had a complicated looking goatee which accentuated his strong jaw perfectly. He had aged over the course of the last five years, but Steve supposed that he'd changed a lot as well. Still, Tony was as beautiful as on the first day Steve had met him and suddenly the longing and the feelings the former Jedi had buried deep inside of his heart were bubbling to the surface. Fear and sadness melted away and before Steve knew what he was doing, he was pulling the shorter man into his arms while a shuddering breath escaped his lips against his will.
Five years had passed since the blaster shot had hit him when he dodged the attack of Commander Brock. Steve stilled his hands where he was checking over his lightsaber, to rub over the spot. He tunic was dirty and smelled of smoke and blood, he definitely needed to wash it. Hopefully they would soon find a small space port where they could take a break and breath without getting shot at. Also, the Quinjet needed immediate repairs, the last battle hat been heavy. They lost their main rear deflector shield, the guns on the right side were destroyed and another jump to hyperspace would probably fry the complete system and they'd end up floating dead in space without any power at all. Steve had no idea how they were supposed to pay for a new hyperspace engine.
“Clint, you're overreacting, Potts was probably just fetching spare parts from somewhere. And the astromechs were really trustworthy looking.” Steve tried to reassure his friend. Though he could understand that he was nervous. Clint had a dangerous past as a former smuggler for the Black Sun and the city was filled with shadowy people.
Two hours later Tony slowly stood up from where he had been crouching next to his daughter’s bed. The little troublemaker had been clingy after their heartfelt talk in the bathtub and an improvised dinner that consisted of Steve's trademark spaghetti carbonara. Getting her to let go of him and go to sleep had taken some time. He tucked her Iron Man Tsum Tsum plushie in next to her and she immediately turned around to hug it in her sleep.
“Oh, you have the best ideas, darling,” Tony happily grinned up at him. “Well, except for maybe deciding to turn our son into a 1960’s pop idol.”
"Y-yeah? What's wrong? Are you hurting?" Steve was instantly worried and felt guilty for putting his own desires above Tony's comfort no matter how turned on he was, and-
“Are you sure we can trust that Potts-guy? His workshop is a mess and everywhere are half-finished machines and he wasn't even there when we landed! Only his droids! And who the fuck needs three astromechs? Three, Steve, three! This is suspicious… I say we get the fuck out of here. Also, this planet sucks. It's hot and everywhere is sand and the most important: We're in Hutt territory!” Clint whisper-shouted at him. They were carrying bags of food and supplies back to the Quinjet. “I was a smuggler, if someone recognizes me we'll have the next bunch of bounty hunters up our asses! Steve, please let us hurry back to the ship. This stinks worse than a tauntaun!”
“Oh, it’s not Dr Getz I’m not trusting,” Steve told him, a little miffed. Self-consciously the soldier zipped his hoodie up that he wore over his shirt, and crossed his massive arms over his chest. He twitched when the movement made his shirt rub over his aching chest.
“Yeah. Just one more minute. This-This is… You have no idea how long I dreamed of this. Of holding you in my arms. Being so open with my feelings, so… so me. I want to be able to blink without being afraid that the moment I open my eyes again you’re gone again.” Steve whispered and focused on a spot on Tony’s shoulder. “I lost you once. I don’t want to lose you again, Tony.”
I'm offering a fic and handmade merchandise this year. You can find me as Perlmutt listed among the creators. ;) <3
If Tony would have been honest with himself, then he might have admitted that it wasn’t half bad to be this close to the sheriff. But Tony was still Tony so he grabbed the horse’s mane to have something to hold onto and stubbornly kept his eyes on the path before them. James caught the reins of Labella and took the mare with him, leaving the two of them alone.
“Do not worry, dear Captain. I will not be defeated by this small wound. When my time comes, I shall leave this life in a glorious battle, alongside my brothers-in-arms.” The Asgardian grinned at him cheerfully.
Tony was on the verge of dozing off in the warm water, when the wet head of a child bumped his chin. He opened his eyes and surely there was Morgan, snuggling close to him, trying to get away from her brother and his water gun. He pulled her in to press a kiss to her neck and she giggled.
Laying eyes upon their ship, Steve winced when he took in the current state of the Quinjet. Wires and metal scraps were scattered all over the sandy floor and various droids were bustling around as well. Amidst the chaos was a man, shorter than Steve, with his back to them, elbow deep in a mess of colorful wires that were sticking out in weird angles from the backside of the ship. He wore greasy and dirty work pants, tools and pens sticking out of the pockets and a probably formerly red, sleeveless shirt. His dark hair was sticking up in every direction, some scars were on his forearms and his face was hidden beneath a complicated looking welding mask. But what drew Steve's eyes toward him the most, was the small circle of blue light that shone softly in his chest, that Steve could see when the man turned around to gesture wildly with his free hand at his blue astromech to hurry it up. He'd never seen someone or something like that.
The pair broke the kiss and straightened up again. To their right a small group of onlookers had gathered, half of them with their phones out and filming them kissing. The people - mostly teens, some with costumes -  flushed beet red, apologized and ran away, giggling.
A little bit embarrassed, the two looked at each other. Then the one-armed man nudged his companion with his elbow. The blonde guy glared at him but obediently came over and sat down on a log next to Tony. He kept a polite distance between them and Tony was thankful for small mercies.
“Okay.” Tony patted the trunk of the Quinjet. “I think that’s it. Your hyperspace engine is back online, the deflector shield is working again and I updated your maps of the outer rim. Yours were a bit dated and some of the smuggling routes are now controlled by the empire. I don’t want you to walk right into their traps.”
“You are the most breathtaking creature on this planet, Tony.” He took his husband's hand, marvelling at the excellently painted nails, and kissed the back of it tenderly. “
Tony had never seen a photo of his future husband, but it didn’t matter. He told himself that he’d be happy and that he’d love him. Soon the future he dreamed of would be his reality.
"Oh," Rogers blinked at him. He scratched his neck and stood up. Tony thought he might have imagined a red hue to his fair cheeks. "I guess we didn't think of that. Sorry… There's a river nearby where you can wash up and change. We passed by it when you were still sleeping. I can show you the way if you want me to."
“Yeah. It is.” Steve hummed and inhaled Tony’s scent deeply. He nosed at his hairline and littered his skin with small kisses. Tony couldn't suppress the quiet purr that escaped him at Steve’s content growl. It filled him with happiness.
Within seconds half a unit of stormtroopers were swarming about the place and all hell broke loose. Clint and Natasha shielded Bruce and Thor who had been fetching the last boxes for the Quinjet. Sparks were flying, the astromechs were screeching, and Steve jumped into action to deflect the red lights of the blasters of the troopers with his saber. Yelled orders by distorted voices were filling his ears and he saw red. It was pure chaos.
The soldier scratched over his chin and carefully he took another strand of his son’s hair between his index and middle finger. He brought the scissors down on it and short brown hairs fell onto the red towel. Steve immediately regretted it. Now it looked even worse than before.
Tony raised an eyebrow at the beta but said nothing. His shoulders tensed when the beta addressed his gender.
Tony laid on the floor of the train and tried to catch his breath. His stomach churned. The train was still moving and the last few minutes played on an endless loop in his head. It took him a long time until he calmed down enough to be able to sit up properly without feeling like he might heave out his guts any second.
They stayed that way for another couple of moments, trying to catch their breaths and simply enjoying the afterglow. Meanwhile, Tony's hands fluttered along his flanks, tenderly and almost tickling. Steve's muscles twitched under the soft ministrations. He kept their lower bodies pressed together, not ready to pull out just yet, and caressed Tony's backside. He was way too comfortable with Tony's weight on top of him, and he could feel his dick throb inside of Tony pleasantly with every heartbeat. The pad of his index finger found the spot where they were connected and Steve felt how wide Tony's hole was stretched to accommodate his still hard dick. Involuntarily, he jerked and thrusted shallowly into Tony.
“He should just ask them!” Morgan concluded simply. “Then he knows!” She had moved in Tony’s lap until she could lean against Tony’s chest sideways and was listening to her daddy’s heartbeat. Thor-duck and Loki-duck were swimming on the foam in front of her.
“Well, gee, I guess if it’s that easy to teach someone something new, then I’ll just start explaining the mechanics and physics behind a steam engine to you, what do you say?” Tony snarked back half-heartedly.
Tony snuggled back into Steve’s chest. The fingers that were splayed over his middle were cold and he rubbed over them in the warm water. Steve pressed a kiss to his temple. He could smell Steve. His mate smelled of rain, autumn, pines and cinnamon and something that was uniquely him.
Leering in delight at having won Steve over, Tony rocked forward and sat up again. He brought their cocks together once more, so they could rub against each other to take the edge off the burning need. The next second, Tony continued forwards until he was sitting on Steve’s abs, and his erection sprung free from beneath the smaller man, bobbing up and slapping against Tony’s ass with a lewd sound. Clumsily, Tony reached for the remnants of his sweatpants, searching through the pockets until he pulled out a small tube.
“I missed you too, you big sap.” Tony kissed his husband square on the lips. They stood together like this for another moment before separating again.
The round landing port was enclosed by walls, high enough to almost reach the level of the rooftops that surrounded them and the open blue sky above was a stark contrast to the yellow-ish stones. It was small. Clint had managed to land their space ship without destroying anything, but it was a close fit.
“Papa will be back in a minute, peanut. Just don’t move, okay?” Steve placed the scissors in the sink and hurried over to the kitchen. A minute later he came back with the only thing that could still save them both.
Now he noticed that the group had started to set up another camp, just like the one from last night. Thor was carrying wood for a campfire, Clint and Natasha were collecting their weapons to go hunting, Bruce obviously tried to make tea in an old pot and Sam and Bucky were taking care of the horses.
“What?” Tony gasped. The omega’s voice was rough and he struggled to breath. This was impossible. Peter had been fine just that morning! “What are you talking about, Harley?”
Maybe it was just Steve's imagination or wishful thinking, but he was sure there was a slight bulge to Tony's lower belly, which moved along with his thrusts, whenever he relaxed his abdominal muscles.
He pressed his face into the fabric and inhaled the familiar scent. It soothed him. From the inside pocket of his suit jacket he pulled a folded letter. The paper was already thin from how often Tony had folded and unfolded it. He read the lines again, even though he knew the content of the letter by heart.
Steve’s right hand wandered from Tony’s hip first to his dick to give the swollen member a few good strokes, before it continued upwards. The blonde needed to feel for himself if it was real, and he experimentally pressed his lotion- and cum-covered fingers to the impalpable bulge, massaging it gently as it moved.
The silence of the forest gave him time to think and plan his next steps. But he soon got distracted. The memories of the train robbery and his escape from the wedding had kept him awake last night. He soon grew tired. The horses were much faster than him, and the brunet kept on stumbling over roots and stones. Every few minutes the others had to stop to wait for Tony to catch up with them. This way he at least didn’t have to run. Still, he was sweating and his legs started to protest after a short amount of time. Hiking in a wedding gown wasn’t exactly easy and the constricting clothes made breathing even harder than it already was for Tony.
.” Tony answered and raised his leg to wrap it around Steve’s waist. He could feel the other man’s arousal through the fabrics of their costumes.
“Hi, sweetheart.” Steve stroked a hand through his hair and smiled fondly at him. “I don’t know. It looks a bit cramped already?”
At his words, the omega could feel himself tear up. He placed another soft kiss on his mate’s lips. There was no rush, no heat, no urgency behind it. It was simply filled with everything that he couldn’t phrase. Tony closed his eyes and laid his head back on Steve’s shoulder to bury his nose in Steve’s neck. His lips found the mating scar on Steve’s neck and he pressed them to it. Steve followed suit and nuzzled his neck where Tony’s scent glands were. It made him shiver slightly.
It was so good, better than good. And after some experimenting, Steve found what he'd secretly been looking for. There was a knot inside of Tony’s channel, a bundle of nerves that he knew made Tony see stars, whenever Steve’s dick brushed over it. It was his prostate. And Steve was big enough that he always brushed over it, with every thrust. Should he be ashamed of how smug and proud he felt when Tony keened on top of him? Perhaps, but on the other hand he couldn’t not do it. Seeing Tony crumble where he was perched on top of him and succumb to the pleasure was heaven on earth.
The parents turned to look at their children and Tony grinned up at his mate. “There you have it. Come on, darling. Throw your wet clothes in the hamper and join us. I can see you shivering from over here. The water will warm you up.”
But Tony caught his face between his hands and forced Steve to stop wiggling. The brunet’s face was twisted up in pain and pleasure, and his breath ghosted over Steve’s skin, searing hot and damp. “Stop, st-stop! Stay! Don’t pull out, Steve. That’s the best kind of sore. And I like it when it hurts a bit.”
As Steve held Tony down on the mat after sweeping his feet out from beneath him, Steve realized that maybe he shouldn’t have taken the bait that Tony's opening obviously had been. Tony grinned up at him, predatorily. There was a sheen of sweat on Tony’s forehead and his beautiful hair was a mess. The smell of musk, rubber and Tony was intoxicating and it took Steve a second too long to react. Suddenly Tony had flipped them and he was the one on top. Tony was kneeling above him, his knees to both sides of the Captain’s body as he held Steve’s hands down over his head.
"Fuck!" Tony breathed and one of his hands came up to frame Steve's face like he needed something to hold onto. "Where did you learn that, Steve? You were supposed to be an innocent wallflower!"
Without waiting for an answer, the former spy and assassin vanished into the hallway, her lekku swaying slightly behind her. Steve always wondered where she'd learned to move so soundless. He'd once made the mistake of stealing her breakfast. She'd sneaked up on him and had him pinned to the ground in mere seconds, two locked and loaded blasters right at his throat. In that moment he'd promised himself to never anger her again. He was pretty sure that she had also had some kind of Jedi training in one of her previous lives, even though she was neither force-sensitive nor did she own a lightsaber or had been part of the Order.
“You’re sleeping on the couch for another week,” Steve decided and ducked his head where he was sitting in one of the uncomfortable generic plastic chairs. Tony could only describe his husband’s demeanor as pouting and it was the most adorable thing ever, next to their son of course.
Steve’s arms snaked around Tony’s middle to hold him close. He whistled and within ten seconds Dodger came running towards where the pair was standing in the living room. Tony stared at their dog as if he’d suddenly grown a second head.
Tony stared at the two most important people in his life for another second before he burst into laughter. The engineer had to hold onto the wooden door frame so he wouldn’t just collapse. His cheeks and belly hurt from laughing so much and tears were streaming down his face. Steve snickered tiredly at his husband, loving hearing Tony laugh so freely and easily.
“And your suit was also done in no time. He must have gotten that talent for design from you.” Tony’s hands found Steve’s waist. “I am a dead loss when it comes to working with anything that’s not made from metal. I’m an engineer, not a tailor. I can’t even sew a button back on.”
Steve flushed and brushed over the lapels of his pinstripe suit. “Thank you. I am extremely impressed by Peter’s talent. He’s a pro with the sewing machine. It was very fascinating to watch him take your measurements. And then he went and finished your dress in less than two months.” Steve let his gaze and fingers wander over Tony’s dress once again.
“Nice to meet you,” Tony said because he had manners. He wrapped his hands around his mug once again. He let his gaze wander over the camp, the sleeping figures and the horses. “You don’t look like peddlers. Who are you?”
In Tony’s defense, he’d wanted to stop long ago, at least since Peter had started teething a short while ago. But with the teeth came the pain, and with the pain the crying increased, and with the increased crying the sleep Tony got every night had decreased significantly. He still had the night shift and was responsible for Peter from dusk until dawn, so to speak. So he’d just continued.
A few heartbeats passed in which the omega stared at the alpha, whose smile never faltered. Then Tony sighed in defeat.
Steve’s fingers found the edge of Tony’s briefs on the swell of his ass. With the tips he followed the seams between his partner's legs and slipped them teasingly beneath the fabric. Without warning, Steve pulled at the hem and let the elastic snap back. Tony bit down on the corner of Steve’s mouth, strong enough to send a spark down Steve’s body, but still gentle enough not to draw blood.
“I can’t wait to undress you, Tony. You have no idea what you’re doing to me, wearing a dress like that right before my eyes.” He growled deep in his throat. Steve’s nimble fingers found the buttons on the side of Tony’s dress that would open the walking slit that went up to the middle of his husband’s thigh. He grabbed Tony’s ass once again, unable to keep his hands to himself. “
The omega sniffed while lonely tears ran down his face. His eyes hurt from crying. In the distance he could hear a wolf cry under the crescent moon. The only other sound was the crackling of the fire, as well as the soft wind that wafted through the crowns of the large trees around him.
It was embarrassing, but they had to repeat some poses, because Tony’s hand would find its way to Steve’s bottom again and again, and keeping a straight face was definitely not as easy as Steve had imagined at first.
Tony had just enough time to prepare for an ungainly slump when his fall was abruptly stopped by a brick wall in his back. Two strong hands held onto his shoulders to help him regain his balance. Tony shook his head to clear his vision and looked up into the blue eyes of the man who had caught him. A certain scent reached his nose and his subconsciousness immediately recognized it as
“You’d be surprised if you knew what I always carry around with me…” Tony told him, his tone teasing but he grinned satisfied like the cat that got the canary. Meanwhile he warmed the white substance between his fingers. It smelled faintly of coconut. Steve watched him, fascinated. “That’s hand lotion. But it’ll do the trick for now.”
Tony might have lost most of his meager belongings, but he was going to marry a man who would love him. He was going to live a happy life, far away from the city and the alphas from his past. Maybe they’d even start a family. Tony had never thought he’d be the kind of omega to wish for children, but now that a family and kids and a brighter future were a palpable possibility he found himself longing for it.
“Steve, honey, I ca- can’t, oh my Goodness… How did you think this would be a good idea- holy mackerel, Steve!” Tony wheezed, holding his belly. His face was all kinds of red and he nearly doubled over laughing.
Peter had gone to MJ and the two happily looked over the pictures they had taken. Hearing his son laugh so much was making Steve incredibly happy.
Steve slowly opened his eyes again and looked at the man in his arms. The dusty air of Tony’s quarters smelled of motor oil, metal and Tony himself. The two suns of the planet let his body glow softly in the dim light of the morning. The air around the pair had been cold last night, but in the heat of their touches, they had lost their clothes. Steve could see the faint scars on Tony’s back and the ridges of his muscles and tendons. He was breathtakingly beautiful with all his edges and curves.
"Sure. Whatever you say, Tony." And that was the last thing Tony heard before his eyes fell closed and his head fell back onto the alpha’s shoulder.
“Daddy! Peter hurts! That’s not funny!” Morgan threw a handful of foam at her fathers, who tried to catch their breath again.
"What? I can't understand you, jellybean? Did you say my beard itches?" Tony grinned and rubbed his chin over her neck to make her laugh.
Tony stopped in his tracks. Clint snickered. Without looking at anyone, Tony turned around and started walking in the opposite direction, avoiding everyone’s gazes. This was humiliating. His face was burning.
And Steve’s thumbs were caressing his belly. Tony was always self-conscious of his belly. Three pregnancies had left their traces. Small red pregnancy marks were visible beneath his belly button and as much as he liked to pretend that they didn’t bother him, Tony often covered his belly with a towel or a light shirt when the family was at the beach.
Steve huffed after a minute. As much as he loved hearing Tony laugh, this was maddening. Reluctantly letting go of Tony's ass, he grabbed the taut fabric of his briefs and pants with both hands and simply ripped them apart along the seams as if they were made from paper towels. “You’re infuriating, Stark,” he complained good-naturedly.
Tony bent down to press a kiss to Morgan’s forehead before he turned around to go to his mate. “Is Harley sleeping?” He whispered into the dimness around them.
"I'm planning on it," Steve promised him, and Tony burst into laughter at his horrible line. It made Steve grin involuntarily and his heart swelled in his chest at the sound.
But not just any alpha. Suddenly all of his instincts screamed at him and he started trembling in the arms of the large alpha who was holding him.
From behind the ship Steve could suddenly hear Thor and Bruce laughing. Both had wires and tools in their arms and Tony turned around when he caught sight of them rounding the ship to deposit their boxes. “Can you please just put the rest next to the right wall? I'll look at them later!” Tony called out to them.
“We know that, donut. And Peter knows it, too. But sometimes it’s nice to hear it again.” Tony smiled at them and thought about all the times that Steve had told him that he loved him. He treasured every single time in his heart.
“Mr Stark-Rogers?” she asked and raised a brow when Tony stood up and grabbed Peter’s carrier. “Please follow me.”
Tony’s first pregnancy had been rather difficult, mentally and physically. Back then many people from their circle of friends and acquaintances had advised them to get an abortion. Tears had been shed and a lot of ice cream had been eaten, but Tony and Steve had decided to keep their child, no matter what. They had decided to become a family.
Tony sat up a bit straighter and swallowed. No wonder the woman had made him shiver. “And- and who are you hunting?”
"Oh, I'm aware of just how big you are, big guy. But I’m a size queen," Tony winked, and his wicked hands drew patterns into the thin skin of Steve's loins now. "Babe, this is like Christmas has come early! Do you know how much fun we could've had if we'd done this sooner? Fuck, I could cry at all the lost opportunities at hot post-battle sex."
“What was that, Pete?” Tony asked, curiously. A kid in a dinosaur costume was still holding onto Peter’s leg, and the embarrassed parent’s of the boy apologized profusely before they fetched their son to continue down the aisle to the kid’s corner.
“His voice and his scent.” Tony sniffed and took another sip of the mead to hide his teary eyes behind the mug. The images of the train robbery filled his head again and left a bitter taste on his tongue.
Well, unlike Dodger and his fur it seemed. There was a large patch of caramel colored fur missing on Dodger’s right shoulder.
On the spur of the moment, Steve planted his feet flat on the mat and lifted his hips along with Tony like he weighed nothing. Tony -who was by now completely sitting on top of him- yelped and very nearly fell forward in surprise at the movement. Steve held onto the smaller man with one arm and pushed his own pants over his ass with his other hand. With an obscene, wet sound Steve’s erection sprung free and slapped against Tony’s ass.
Steve watched him stand up and his eyes were glued to Tony’s form. Seeing the man he had thought he had lost long ago so alive before him, was everything for him. Naked, bathed in the golden light of Tatooine’s suns he seemed to be even more real than last night, when all the light Steve had had was the kyper crystal in Tony’s chest.
Later he would have been happy to tell the story of how they managed to escape this hellhole of burning workshop furniture and dead bodies. But the moment Steve felt a shadow of the dark side reach them, was the moment the attacking troops returned.
“Tony. No more beating around the bush," he told him. Tonys eyes grew wide at his words, realization dawning on him. "You want Captain America cockiness? I’ll give you cockiness,” Steve told Tony in a sudden rush of bravery and lifted one knee up until he could press his thigh to Tony's groin and butt. Steve could feel the heat through their clothes and the shorter man moaned in surprise at the touch. The sound went straight to his pulsating dick. The brunet’s eyes danced and there was a hunger in his eyes that hadn’t been there before as he moved back against Steve's leg. The soldier was almost sure that he hadn’t just blown it all. And that was an exciting thought.
“That was you being in character and attracting attention and being embarrassing at the same time. Stop it, guys. And come on over, so we can start!” Peter came over to them and pulled until they were standing in front of the wall where someone had put up huge screens with printed backgrounds. The one behind them was of an old and abandoned villa.
Still laying on the mat, Steve felt the butterflies in his belly go nuts. He craned his head to meet Tony in the middle and Jesus Christ, it was hot. It surely wasn’t perfect with how their teeth clashed at first, but it was good, more than good in its own way.
“Filthy bitch! I’m gonna teach you some manners!” The man roared and moved to grab Tony again, but the alpha intervened.
It was a sunny day on Coruscant, the sounds of the busy city were a quiet hum in the air, when a smooth voice called out for him. “Hello, Steve! How are you doing? It's been a while since the last time we met. Rumors have that you will soon be knighted!” Steve looked up into the dark eyes of the man that calmly approached him. They were warm and welcoming.
"You'll have to ask the sheriff," Natasha explained and shrugged. There was a smile on her lips. "He will decide whether we return home or not. He was also the one who found you unconscious near the river."
“What took you so long?” He asked, but he’s grinning. A black leather backpack was waiting by his feet. “We have a photoshoot in ten minutes! Come one, I’ll take you there!” He grabbed the backpack and the little bottle with a skull on it and led his parents through the bulks of dressed up people. Tony held on to Steve’s elbow, since Peter had talked him into wearing heels. Amused, the soldier noted that he was still a bit taller than his husband.
“Guys, this is MJ. She’s our photographer and fucking talented.” He introduced the woman with the camera. She waved at them. Steve noticed that she was wearing a Batman shirt.
“Don’t tell me you’re carrying lube around with you all the time?” Steve stared at Tony as he opened it and squeezed some of the substance on his fingers. His hands petted Tony’s thighs tenderly, squeezing the muscles every now and then, prompting Tony’s breath to stutter. Behind Tony he raised his knees up once again, planting his feet on the mat so he had a better leeway for his hips and could provide some kind of support for Tony in case he needed it.
“You know, I’m sure it would look even better here.” Tony’s fingers found the front of his pants and played with the zipper. The movement was hidden by the sleeves of the dress, but Steve still swallowed down his moan that threatened to tumble from his lips. “
“It's not usual, but it's also not forbidden for a Jedi to celebrate.” Steve felt fuzzy and warm all over. “I would feel honored to spend the evening with you. Thank you, Tony.”
“Clint and I?” she repeated and there was the tiniest quirk to her lips when she said, “We’re bounty hunters.”
"Do you need help with washing your hair, kiddo?" Tony asked his son. Morgan's older brother was still busy putting on his diving goggles and only shook his head before taking a deep breath, holding it and diving forward into the warm water. Tony chuckled while he and Morgan watched him swim. Not long after she started to sing the Paw Patrol theme song to her rubber ducks.
Steve chuckled, a bit embarrassed of himself. Years of built up want and need had exploded last night. “Should I apologize for the state of our ship or be proud of the compliment?”
Steve shifted his box of supplies to one arm and pulled the hood of his poncho deeper into his face. No need to be reckless with bounty hunters and the imperial forces all around. The Empire paid a shitload of money for survivors of the Jedi Order. “But you're right. Let's hurry back to the ship.” He nodded in Clint's direction, who'd covered a part of his face with a dirty rag to hide his characteristic Zabrak tattoos that would identify him immediately. Clint's foldable bowcaster was safely hidden away under his wide clothes. “I hope they've already repaired the hyperspace engine. We're lucky that the astromech in charge promised us to hurry and make it cheap.”
Peter sat on a stool in the bathroom of the penthouse of Stark Tower. He couldn't reach the floor from where he was sitting, so he let his legs swing from left to right. A large red towel was around his small shoulders and his eyes were glued to the storybook he was holding.
Steve could feel his own dick twitch in interest. The sounds that tumbled from Tony’s lips, his small frame jerking on top of him, the scent of sex that was hanging heavily in the hot air around them… Maybe he’d died and gone to heaven when Tony’d thrown him on the mat earlier.
Tony looked at the man. He was tall, broad, and muscly. A few blonde strands framed his face. Tony was no match for him. This man looked like he could, would, and had, killed before.
“Yeah?” Steve shifted a bit behind him so that Tony was laying a bit more comfortably in his arms. He was slowly warming up again.
“Guys, really?” A new voice said. One of the men who had pretended to be asleep sat up and stared at his comrades, but Clint and Bucky ignored him and started bickering over the money. James stood up and he and Clint went over to the new guy. Tony thought he heard the name Sam being mentioned.
He would no longer just survive. He would live. And if Tony wanted him, then he would live with Tony, wherever the force would lead them, be it in the caves of Kashyyyk or on the mountains of Ralltiir.
“Nah, it’s okay. I was awake.” Tony trailed off and his fingertips drew circles into Steve’s chest. It sent a slight shiver down his spine. “I didn’t think I’d get some of the best and most mindblowing sex when that wreckage of a starship landed here yesterday.”
“Fuck, Rogers! Undress… and touch me right now, or I’ll make you pay for making me cream my pants!” Tony commanded, kissing up and down Steve’s neck where he was busily leaving red hickeys.
“What’s wrong, Rogers? Tired already? Where’s that famous Captain America cockiness now?” Tony panted. His face was only a few inches away and from this angle Steve had a perfect view of his lithe body. The white muscle shirt he was wearing was growing transparent with his sweat and Steve could see the pink of Tony’s nipples. They looked so tiny.
Now, fourteen years after Peter’s birth, Tony could look at their family and he just knew it had been the right decision.
Not too far away from the camp he found a little clearing near the water. Hidden by the thick underbrush, he hurriedly stripped off and washed up as well as he could considering the water’s icy temperatures. Absent-mindedly, he touched the still healing scars on his chest. The skin there was red and ugly.
The omega looked at the deputy. He was a bit older than him, his dark hair was tied up in a messy bun. Tony wanted to believe that he’d been found by good and kind people, but today wasn’t his lucky day. They stared at each other for another moment before Tony sighed and gave in.
“No, we’re not peddlers,” Natasha agreed. “We’re the lawmen of our hometown. James, Sam and Thor are deputies. Bruce is too, but he’s also a doctor and prefers his stethoscope over a colt.”
They were all standing in the landing port of Tony’s workshop, surrounded by bustling astromechs and various boxes and bags. The rest of the crew of the Avengers were loading the ship, not paying them much attention. Judging by Nat’s and Clint’s knowing grins and Thor’s big smile, they all knew what had happened between them, last night. Bruce was the only one polite enough not to react in any way.
“You won’t lose me, Steve.” Tony raised his hand to his face and his thumb traced Steve’s cheekbone. “I’m not going anywhere.”
The minutes passed without them moving from the bed. “We should stand up.” Tony said after a while. His hand was laying on Steve’s sternum, heavy but grounding.
“You can’t go there! You won’t come back alive, please, Steve! Don’t go there!” Tony grabbed his hand and his eyes were frantic. A shift in the force was palpable to him as Tony’s heart rate spiked and his fear became obvious, fear for Steve’s life.
“I’m a, or rather, I was a mail order bride,” Tony told her quietly. She was the only one who wasn't busy bickering. “It was better than staying at home where- well, I’ll spare you the pathetic details of my life. Let’s just say everything was better than staying in the city. The train I was on was attacked and ironically enough the only thing they didn’t take from me was my wedding gown. I thought I was lucky, when it was just the biggest mess of my life. The guy I was supposed to marry was also the guy who attacked, punched and robbed me of everything I owned.”
The little devil kept his parents busy with how vehemently he demanded to suck on his papa’s nipples. Explaining to a four month old baby why it could no longer suck on those delicious nipples was obviously pointless. Steve and Tony had tried every trick they’d read on the internet to get Peter to give up on them, from the most colorful pacifiers to blankets and stuffed toys. But nothing had worked so far.
Tony’s hands were damp and hot on his wrists, his thighs quivered where he was kneeling above him and Steve experimentally moved his leg up and down where it was pressed against Tony's crotch. A moan escaped Tony and his breath hitched, giving Steve the perfect opening to gently take his bottom lip between his teeth.
An hour later, the selfie Peter had taken with his parents kissing in the background, had cracked his personal record and was trending on twitter.
"Like a unicorn! Thank you, Daddy!" His baby girl stood up a bit wobbly and pressed a sloppy kiss to his cheek.
It hurt him to see his mother’s dress in this state, but there was nothing he could do. He didn't have any other clothes left.
But the point was that Steve genuinely liked Tony. Their size difference was only a nice added bonus, a little extra, that just pushed certain buttons. Okay, okay, he could admit it. So maybe Steve really liked how much smaller than him Tony was, how easy it would be for Steve to just throw the brunet over his shoulder and have his way with him.
They sat together like this for a while until Tony felt himself get drowsy again. He really was tired.
“The senate wanted me to inform them about the new gunship for the clone troops, since the fighting in the outer rim is getting heavier from day to day.” Swallowing hard, Tony's voice lost its cheery tone for a moment before he collected himself again. “And since I'm already here, I thought I'd pay a quick visit to my two favorite Force users, Master Jarvis and you. Now tell me, are the rumors true? Will you become a Jedi Knight? Your Master speaks highly of your skills. He told me you proved yourself worthy in many battles against the Separatists and that you have a strong connection to the Force.”
The situation was as follows: Peter refused to let a hairdresser touch him, ever since Tony’s barber had accidentally injured him. It hadn’t been the poor man’s fault at all. Peter hadn’t held still and it had been just a tiny scratch on his earlobe, but apparently that had been enough for him to develop a dislike for barbers and hairdressers in general.
, Tony thought to himself when he felt his bond sing and a warm and fuzzy feeling bloomed in his chest,
"I-I can do this alone. You don't have to babysit me!" Tony hurriedly grabbed his stuff and started walking into the direction of the river. His face was red and burning. "And don't follow me!"
“I’m okay, thank you. Just a bit roughed up,” he reassured her and tried to smile, but it came out as a grimace.
Tony's heart ached to see him like this. Life had been a bit difficult for the fourteen year old. Just a few weeks ago he had presented as an omega, and some boys from his class had started calling him names. And now he was lovesick. Wasn’t that just the icing on the cake that was puberty?
Averting his eyes after a heartbeat, he put on one of his dark wool sweaters. It was a dull color and pretty shapeless, hanging from his shoulders and looking like a sad excuse of a shirt. But it was long enough to fall over his belt and hide his weapon. He refrained from putting on the scarf that he normally wore with this shirt. They were going to Tatooine. He'd never been there before, but the planet was known for sand, heat, smugglers and its twin suns. The stories he'd heard, said that Jabba the Hut had his palace somewhere in the northern dune sea, from where he controlled not only a big part of the galaxy-wide black market and the secret hyperspace routes to the outer rim but also the local gambling industry and commanded every bounty hunter and owned all of the illegal slave auctions. Therefore this desert was exactly the planet Steve would avoid landing on, if they weren't in immediate need of repairs.
Tony just looked at Steve and there was the same spark of fire in his eyes like all those years ago. Oh, how Steve had missed it. “Ignore them, please.” He told Tony. The spy and the smuggler were a handful and Steve didn't want to creep Tony out within five minutes of their reunion. “They are giving me headaches all the time.”
“Hey.” Tony looked over his shoulder at his alpha. Steve bent down and pressed a kiss to his nose. It made him smile.
The engineer's arms gave in and he nearly slumped down on top of Steve when his elbows hit the mat beneath them. With their chests pressed together tightly, the Captain could feel Tony’s smaller frame on top of him shudder, and he gently eased his hands out of Tony’s grip, while distracting the brunet with an intense french kiss.
Steve started nuzzling Tony’s hairline and hugged him a bit closer to his chest. The omega could feel their love thrumming over their bond and it made him truly happy. He turned his head around a bit until he could press his cheek, nose and forehead to Steve’s chin. “I love you.” He told him quietly, purring. “I got no words for how happy you make me.”
Tony wasn’t sure what he’d expected when he’d accepted the marriage proposal, but it definitely wasn’t a gun to his temple.
But after forty five minutes everything was over. Steve exhaled as he was finally allowed to relax again. This was exhausting. But also fun. He was excited for the pictures.
“Steve!” Tony was reaching for him. He was running, panting, his skin glistened with sweat and his eyes were wide.
“Hey, darling.” Tony laid his wet cheek on Steve’s equally wet thigh with a smile. “Do you want to hop in? I’m sure we have some space left in here.”
Tony started walking stubbornly with Labella curiously sniffing his hand, while the sheriff mounted his horse silently behind him. Tony didn’t know what the man was thinking. But he didn't want to care. The only important thing right now was finding a train station and getting out of this forest. Then he could start living his life the way he wanted to; no more stupid alphas, no more stupid rules, no more stupid confusing feelings.
"Two weeks." Rogers confirmed. He shrugged and pointed in the other direction. "It's either two weeks to Shield or three days back to where you've come from. We’ll have to follow the river until we reach the valleys. Then we’ll follow the Buchler mountain range, cross the river and after that we’re home."
A blaster shot very nearly missed him when he turned back towards where he’d last seen Tony, but the mechanic was gone. Cold fear settled in his gut for a heart wrenching moment before he heard his friend yell at his astromechs. In a flurry of movements the three droids grabbed some things and vanished from Steve’s field of vision but he had more pressing matters at hand than to worry about them.
Tony's primal instincts wanted to purr at the promise of an alpha keeping him safe, but... "I'm not tired…" he protested weakly.
The voices of the arguing men distanced themselves and Tony blinked until he was awake enough to see Natasha shooing Clint, James, Sam and Bruce away.
(Jedi are the good guys on the light side of the force, Sith are the bad guys on the dark side of the force. They are often selfish, greedy, brutal and extreme)
But she was probably right when it came to his clothes, Steve mused. He stood up and carefully placed his cleaning tools on his small bed. His team always made fun of him for dressing like a grandpa, but he liked the traditional Jedi robes, they were comfortable and reminded him in a good way of his past life. Pullip up the rough fabric over his head, he caught a glimpse of himself in the shiny surface of the metallic locker to his left. He was tall and his shoulders were broad. Muscles from years of hard work and fighting made him look more intimidating than he'd liked it. On the rare occasions when he saw a hologram of himself from his years as a Padawan, he wasn't sure if this body really was him or if this new appearance was merely a dream or a force-induced illusion.
Through the pain and the tears that had sprung to his eyes, Tony saw another bandit come over to them, a beta this time. “Is that him?” he wanted to know. He had an accent that Tony couldn’t identify.
Steve could not help it, he laughed at the lame joke, but it turned into a grunt when Tony rubbed his fingertip over the head of his dick. Delighted, Tony wriggled in his hold and rose until he was sitting once again, looking down at where Steve was spread out beneath him.
Tony shrugged as if it was nothing. But secretly he tried to hold the emotions at bay that threatened to well up inside of him. He didn't want to make a scene in front of those strangers, yet he could feel the tears in his eyes. His dreams of a happy marriage with a loving alpha had been shattered and his hope for his own happily ever after had been crushed. In the end it seemed that he just wasn't meant to lead a happy life. Maybe it was just better to be alone.
“And you are here, because we love each other. Your daddy and I.” Absentmindedly, his strong fingers gently caressed the long scar across Tony’s abdomen from the three Caesareans.
It was raining outside and they heard the storm rage on. It was a cold autumn evening and Morgan and Harley had come home after a shopping trip with their other father completely drenched and freezing. The three of them had been caught in the rain and no one had thought to bring an umbrella. They had nearly given Tony a heart attack sneaking up on him in the lab and hugging him from behind. DUM-E, U and Butterfingers were now cleaning the workshop from the dirt they had brought in.
There were a few whispers here and there, Peter saw that. But this was a school where the kids had grown up with being tolerant and that not being straight was natural too. So school was going to be a breeze for Peter, except for Flash. But Peter saw straight through Flash, so even though the boy acted horribly against Peter, he knew it was mainly because of their parents. Peter saw his fathers nearly every morning and at least one of them every night, them always making time for him when they were able to. Flashes mother had died a few years back and his father had just expanded his company to India. This made for loads of travel and a new girlfriends every month. Peter knew flashes nanny Roberta, she had been working for the Stark-Rogers when he was younger. She was a nice lady and provided Flash with what he needed, except for what only a loving parent could give. And Peter had two of those. It made sense that his former friend turned on him to let out frustration. Although it didn’t make it okay, it made Peter able to handle it.
. The night before, he’d managed to negotiate lights out half an hour later, for once he’d be able to tease Ned about going to bed early, instead of the opposite. The part about Ned going to bed later wasn’t really true, but his dads didn’t need to know that. He was psyched. Plus, prom was happening the next day. Plus hang out with Bucky and Sam-day. After a turbulent week, thing weren’t just looking good, they were looking great. He shrugged a hoodie on and stepped into his slippers, making his way to his parents’ bedroom. Peter paused right before entering, and knocked.
Steve had gotten a list of things he was bringing to the hospital, but gave himself ten minutes to straighten the couch pillows, close drawers and cabinets and make the beds. Then he showered. Steve usually loved post-mission showers as it was the one time he truly let himself take as much time as needed, but this time it was a hassle. The shower was meant to be as quick as his everyday one, but there was so much dust and grime that he used some extra time.
Ever since he was little, Peter had had a bad immune defence. His mother, one of many girls Tony had spent the night with at the time, had gotten pregnant and never told Tony about this. He was for some reason still listed as the father on the birth certificate, though, and after the mother had died of a drug overdose Peter was left in his care. Peter had been about a year old at the time, and Steve had just officially moved into the penthouse with his boyfriend. It had been a shock to say the least, but as time passed the fresh family had grown to love their life together. As time passed, they had also realised Peter carried a lot of symptoms that came with his mother using drugs as she was pregnant and breastfeeding. The only thing they ever really noticed on him as he got older was Peter’s physical size and weak immune system. He took extra vitamins and minerals every day, but still rarely stood a chance when a bug was going around.
Tony returned to Peter and Happy, caressing Peter on his cheek. The lights were brighter in the ER than what Peter was used to, Tony imagined it wasn’t helping the headache. ”Hey bud, we’re staying over here tonight. A nurse is going to come over and help us upstairs. That sound okay?” He was sitting the the edge of the bed, facing his son. ”Yeah. Needles, though, right?” Tony smiled. ”Yeah, it’s gonna be a few tonight. I’ll be there, though.”
”Peter’s right here with us honey, you’re on speaker. He’s tired, trying to eat a bit before going to bed. Right, bud?”
”Do you think Steve will want a nice coctail making set, Peter? Yeah, he doesn’t have that. We could get that for him. That’s good, right?” Tony said, wawing a box too close to his face to even see what it was. ”Dad. Get your shit together. First of all, there’s a shaker set in the bar cabinet in the dining room. Second, neither of you guys drink alcohol, like, ever. He doesn’t want
The door opened and Tony supposed another hour had passed, but Peter didn’t glance up and then away. He looked up at the door and for a second, his whole face lit up. ”Papa”
”How about you take a slow morning here while I’m downstairs in meetings? Then you could come to the lab with me at around ten, get lunch together, you could join my conference with secretary of defence and some other hot-shots and come back here early? Or chill in my office at the end of the day. Your choice, really.” Peter’s dad suggested as they made their way to the kitchen.
After a couple of minutes, Happy rolled the privacy blinds back and told Peter they would be going to the shield facility. His father was coaching a couple of classes and had some paperwork, but nothing that Peter couldn’t join him for. Peter started working on his homework that he
So Peter knocked on the master’s door and opened it before anyone could answer, “Dad! You won’t believe my schedule for school. I’ll show you everything later but every second friday I don’t start until ten!”
Peter was painfully aware of the clock ticking ten pm, but was hoping no one noticed. They only had like an hour left of the movie they were watching and it was a really action-packed part. He barely had time to finish the thought before the screen went black. ”Papaaaa! Why are you like this? Our poor guests should get to finish the movie,” Peter started argumenting, turning around to sit on his knees preparing to throw out more reasons. Before he could do so, a hand covered his face.
If Peter wasn’t already flushed, he would have. Tony snatched back his tablet, but said he’d walk him out.
”We’ve seen this case of the flu several times the past few days, Peter and the others with low immune defences are at risk of becoming pretty sick. He’s still not experiencing any other symptoms, though, such as congestion or coughing. I’m guessing it’ll arrive within a day or two.”
He laid down and let himself feel a bit childish as his papa tucked him in, snuggly under the covers. ”Where is it? Will you at least be in the same time zone?” Steve shrugged. ”I’m not sure time zones will matter that much, it’ll be pretty intense from start to finish this time. In and out, really. I’ll try to call, but I can’t promise anything. Sorry, bud.”
”Tony, I’m this close to hanging up on you, drive Peter home and just letting you guys figure things out for yourselves!” Rhodey exclaimed slightly hushed. Peter would probably be back any minute.
No more than ten minutes later, Tony was in his office in an impromptu meeting with a couple of developers when FRIDAY spoke up. ”Boss, Peter would like to speak with you. He wants to move to the living room.” Tony sighed. ”Patch him through, Fri.”
Peter was in the hallway outside the office. Steve shut the door after himself and stopped. Peter was frozen. He was usually so shy around other people, this was Peter’s worst nightmare. Then, Steve started to walk. Peter walked right behind him. They walked to Steve’s other office, which wasn’t in the ”big boss hallway” as Tony called it, but right beside the training grounds. It was smaller, cosier. It only had a desk and a couple of chairs.
to work, Steve!”. He pretended to sleep through that one, feeling slightly like a burden. He also heard Steve leaving for work after he had leaned over Tony to stroke his hair, before kissing both of their foreheads.
Peter knew what was coming once he reached the other side. He’d gotten too caught up on that one thought again, too caught up to care about his own safety crossing a trafficated road. ”Peter Benjamin!” Tony almost shouted, while Steve just wrapped his arms tightly around Peter. He didn’t dare to look up at either of them, just mumbled a ”Sorry” into his papa’s chest. Peter pulled back from the embrace and took his backpack off. He said goodbye to Julietta who stood next her father. He looked just as concerned for Peter as she did. Peter accidentally looked up at his dad, who just gave him a look. The look of ”we’re talking about this when we get home, now get in the car”. Peter straightened his shoulders, not wanting to look childish on front of Julietta and her father, and went to the back seat of the range rover.
”Pete, jello-man, come here,” Tony gathered the lump of sick teenager in his arms, shedding blankets as they rose together. ”Yeah, I’ve said it before. I’m not papa, I can’t carry. You’ve gotta help me out here, okay Pete?” He counted the affirmative mumble he got as an answer a win, put his arm around Peter, and they shuffled for the elevator to go upstairs. Tony had a nagging feeling they’d have to get dressed to go out soon.
Steve did believe, he’d already seen said schedule. Tony had sulked a for a couple of days after they’d received it, because Peter would have longer days in school now. They had agreed he should start doing his homework alone until Steve or Tony returned, to help Peter with his focus. Friday would play a bigger part in restraining the kid than before, which meant Tony had no excuse for scheduling meetings after lunch anymore.
”What do you want, Squirt? Hot meal is burgers but they’ve got some salads, wraps, baguettes… I’m sure they’d be willing to make you something if you ask them nicely.” He could see Peter thinking about it. God, that kid treated every decision like it was his last. Goddamn adorable.
Steve wasn’t holding around Tony’s waist anymore, and Tony’s hands never connected behind Steve’s neck.
The very best snuggles was in bed, a father on either side. He would get head massages, engulfing strong arms, and lots and lots of warmth.
”Dad, why are going home?” Tony sighed. The biggest reason was that the loud cafeteria had given him a killer midday headache that could only be solved by coffee from the machine in their kitchen and a couple of painkillers.
”All right. So we’re all on our way back to the jet now, the flight takes about eight hours, then two hours of debriefing. So I was thinking that before you go to bed tonight, Pete, you and dad should make me a list and text it to me. I can bring some extra clothing or stuff you may need at the tower, get changed, then I’ll be right over. So I think that’s gonna place me in your room between nine and ten tomorrow morning, how does that sound?”
”Ooh, something smells good in here,” They heard from the hallway, recognising Sam’s voice and a second pair of steps with him. ”Sam, Buck!” Peter exclaimed, forgetting all about whatever uncomfort he might have had and met them in the kitchen door. Bucky did as he used to; picked peter up and slung him around to his back, the teenager latching on. As he was younger it had been carrying him like a child. And it wasn’t like the super soldier couldn’t still do it. But a couple of years earlier Peter had decided he was too old for a bunch of things, including being carried. Latching on to his uncle’s back, he felt way cooler.
Sam had already migrated over to Tony to talk about dinner that the two were planning together. Bucky had noticed that Sam had brought over som pre-made food in a bag, but wasn’t allowed to look into it.
Tony handed Peter over to Happy for a moment, talking to the welcoming nurse behind a counter. ”Hey, my kid needs a bed. Peter Benjamin Stark-Rogers, fourteen years old.” Happy didn’t listen after that, having more than enough to focus on with the kid. He was almost sleeping while standing up. Almost.
Peter agreed on that. ”Dad, can I go back upstairs now? This suit is itchy and Abe and Ned got to play playstation the entire day, I’ve barely played after new years!”
When Peter was settled in his bed, his dad kept fretting about Peter’s things. He was folding and refolding clothes, putting them in their overnight bag. It was currently his fourth time telling Peter how sorry he was for not bringing a laptop or a tablet. Peter couldn’t care less, he was too tired to do anything that evening either way.
”I’m not sick dad, I’m just tired. It was a long day, you know?” Peter tried to reason, now already on his way to the bathroom to get away from the medical examination.
Tony smiled. The boy was always nice about it, but he hated how little time he got for video gaming. And it wasn’t like they were playing really violent games, if they did FRIDAY would have alerted him. ”Yeah, but I got an email about work you should do before school tomorrow, so that first. On the kitchen table, I’m sticking FRIDAY on you to make sure!”
“Hi. Hello. It’s me, the once beloved, now forgotten and ignored Steve Rogers. I’m leaving, not seeing either of you until tomorrow. Now, I’m down on hugs and kisses and I’ve been here all day!”
They stood like that, not saying anything for the remaining couple of minutes until the food was ready.
”Hey Hap. Here you go, I brought some home made granola bars. Made ‘em last night.” Peter said as he approached the car.
Peter scoffed. ”If you’re asking, I’m gonna assume you already know.” Peter was going for playing it cool and brushing the topic off to hide how awkward he felt. He kept his eyes intensely trained at the table. ”Hey, do you think this goes in the sky or the ocean?”
”Dad! Pops! Look!” Peter shouted, starting to run as he got closer to the gates of the schoolyard. Julietta wasn’t running, they were going to cross a road after all. Peter was waving his ticket in front of him, not thinking about anything else than showing his fathers how cool the tickets were, laminated and all. His papa turned around at the sound of Peter’s voice, face quickly turning from a developing smile into a panicked look. Peter couldn’t quite understand that, the ticket was so cool! He supposed he’d just have to run faster for them to see. He sped up and slipped between two cars standing on that side of the road, almost there-
Tony handed him a dish. ” Get this ready for the filling to go in. And set the table. Dining room, we’ll have dessert if we need to make the conversation last longer. And yeah, I gave it some thought. I think Peter expected all his ADHD signs to go away now that he started his meds. Here, put these back in the fridge, make sure we’ve got ice cream. What we saw was obviously Peter being hyperfocused on whatever was in his hand, som much that he subconciously didn’t care about his own safety. Typical symptom, we’ve seen it plenty of times before, right? All right, get the cheese out. Goes on in fifteen minutes” Steve nodded along with Tony’s argument while putting the now ready dish of lasagna in the oven.
After another hour in the mall, Peter practically fell into the back seat of the town car parked out front. So exhausted, so excited for social life. ”Do you need a nap or something? You look a little like caspar the friendly ghost there, bud,” His dad asked, and Peter didn’t need to look over to see the frown line in his dad’s forehead. That was a good idea, actually, because then he would be able to stay out longer. The mall was in the outskirts of the city, so Peter would have about 45 minutes to snooze. It only took him two to drift off, Happy turning the music down and driving smoothly.
”Why are you so worked up about this, babe? It’s an impromptu christmas party, half of them aren’t even going to show up anyway! If we throw a party without much planning we need to invite people with the right vibe to make it good. You’re only suggesting boring socialites, that’s gonna be a drag!” Tony complained. It was saturday evening, the 20th of december. They were down in the workshop together, sitting by Tony’s work desk. Peter had fallen asleep early, his uncles probably having tired him out during the day.
He hadn’t been out of the penthouse in a week, and it was all his fathers fault. Peter had gotten five school days of detention last friday, and he’d been looking forward to this afternoon for a week straight. Because, apparently, detention wasn’t enough for being a
When in the elevator on the way back up, Steve held Peter one handed on his hip, almost like a toddler, head resting on his shoulder. This freed him to sneak a hand around his husbands waist as well, kissing him lightly, quietly, so that they didn’t wake Peter. ”I love that you’re such a big man, honey. I dread the day Peter grows too big for this. He’s so adorable. Don’t you agree?” Tony said between soft pecks on Steve’s hands, mouth, cheek and neck. Steve could only hum and whisper that he never thought there would be a day where he couldn’t carry Peter, although he knew there would be a day when it would be a much rarer occurence. They reached the top floor and went straight to the boy’s room. It was quite far from the elevator, straight across the hall from the master suite. They both had a routine for when this happened, and Tony sat against the headboard of Peters bed for the teenager to be dropped in his lap. Peter was dead to the world when he slept well, but when he was sick he was like an octopus, needing the human contact more than usual.
As they had settled in, that including Peter being forced into his room to change clothes, Tony brushed back peters hair. It was curly in the evening. He tried desperately to style it straight every day, but by night his soft hair had lost all product and fell back into curls. Peters mom had small bouncy curls, and Peter was some place in the middle of that and Tony’s waves that didn’t really show as it was too short.
So Tony climbed into bed behind him, so Peter could rest against his dad’s chest while Steve plated up the fruit and kept it in his lap. Peter felt them looking at him, then looking at each other, having some silent conversation before a grape was presented to him. A conversation was started between the two, talking lightly. Peter could feel Tony’s chest rumble behind him, and found the slight movements calming. As he listened to his parents speak, Peter accepted a few more pieces of fruit.
”I think the reason this is such a problem for you guys is that you always talk about everything, no matter what,” Was uncle Jim a mind reader? ”And don’t get me wrong, that’s usually a great thing, your fathers have always been adamant for you guys being close enough to talk about anything and everything. But in this particular case there’s not really much to say. And you’re all so caught up in your routine of talking things out that you don’t do what most families do. Pretend it didn’t happen.”
”Can I just sleep on the couch tonight, papa? I promise I won’t ask for anything again this whole month,” the last part was slightly muffled as Peter turned his face into the shoulder he was resting on. He heard a typical dad snort, followed by ”Don’t make promises you can’t keep, bean. Come on, up we go.” Then his arms were being tugged at by those familiar, calloused hands.
Tony had stopped by Rhodey’s place to update him on Peter, but Rhodey was in the shower after getting home from the mission so Tony settled on the couch while he waited.
Tony reached around Peter’s waist and helped him up. ”Yeah, it’s like that a lot of the time. But otherwise it was kinda cool, right? You even got to hear more about this clean energy-plan, it’s kinda fascinating how we can do work that will literally save the planet, right?”
As soon as Peter saw Steve heading for the bedroom, he followed. If there was one thing he wanted right then, it was the comfort of his parents’ bed. Flinging himself onto it and settling under the blankets in the middle, he heard Steve chuckle.
”Yes, he is located by the I-678, three miles from the shield and avengers compound. He is standing still.”
”Well, you can, but then it’d be meaningless to have dressed so nicely. Listen Pete, you do as you want. I don’t want you to join something you’re not comfortable with. But now that you’re able to sit still and listen to what goes on, I think you’ll find it interesting and educational.” Tony’s hands were on Peter’s shoulders as they stood outside his office. Peter felt a new sense of pride of his dad noticing his increasing ability to concentrate, and shot his chest out a bit. ”Yeah okay, I want to.”
As he scrolled through instagram, he saw that @peter.bsr had been active again. A few insta stories were stating how
Exiting the elevator on the first floor of the penthouse, Steve could see signs of a stressed Tony having been there before him. See, Tony didn’t mind a bit of clutter here and there, but he was a stickler for all cabinet doors to always be shut. ”I don’t see the hassle with closing a drawer or door when you’re finished!” He always said. But as Steve took a walkthrough of the place, it was evident that tony had gathered necessities for Peter such as his meds and paperwork, a bit of food and drinks, clothes for the two of them and an overnight bag.
They followed Peter into his bedroom after knocking and being let in. He was pacing around, looking like he wanted to pick something up and throw it. Tony stopped in the doorway, not knowing what to do. He wanted to help, but didn’t know how. He hadn’t even fully grasped what the problem was. ”Peter, sweetie, please look at me. What’s not working? Peter, use your words, please.” He tried, but all he got was frustrated, almost pleading looks from the boy. Tony hadn’t been paying attention to what Steve was up to before he emerged from the closet and pushed clothes into Peter’s hands.
Bucky was confused. Where was his hug? He glanced at Sam, who was eyeing everyone else in the room. ”Hey Sam, Bucky, did you know papa was in a car accident today?” Peter exclaimed once he processed who was in the room. ”Oh.” Oh. Wait, what?
Then the nurse came in with all the stuff, and Peter couldn’t help but shed a couple of tears onto dad’s shoulder. It wasn’t that he was
It wasn’t long before dr. Garcia came in. Steve and Tony had just eaten some of the sandwiches Steve had brought, and they had placed Peters clothes in the dresser. From the way their son was looking at the moment, they were surely staying through the weekend at least.
They were in Rhodey’s office, by the table specifically meant for puzzles and big lego projects. Peter and his uncle had bought the table when Peter was three years old for that purpose, the calming activities were their little thing. It opened up for comfortable silence, light or serious conversation og just joking around. Whatever they felt like that day. The pair was currently searching for puzzle pieces in silence, but it wasn’t comfortable. Rhodey cleared his throat.
”Happy, will you join us upstairs before you go home? I’ll give you two weeks paid vacation as soon as Steve and the others are back for working so late tonight, promise.”
It was 10pm, and Steve was putting out the fire while Tony tidied the rest of their ice cream stuff. Two hours had passed since Peter left the living room. ”Ready, honey?” Steve asked, Tony was still in the kitchen. ”I’ll be the in a minute, I’m just gonna turn the dishwasher on!” Was the answer he got, so Steve made his was upstairs to Peter’s room.
His father turned around and held Peters shoulders an arms length away. ”Listen up kid, I was supposed to go out christmas shopping last friday when that limited edition iron man waffle iron came out. Never mind production couldn’t even spare us one, but right as I was on my way out, the school called and we had to go to a meeting just to hear all about you acting super irresponsible lately. And now I don’t have a christmas gift and christmas is five days away. This is partly on you, and you’re gonna practice being responsible and righting your wrongs. So. Help me buy papa a present and we can go home,” His speeches were always so boring, but Peter found it most effective to shup ut and pretend to listen at these times. Tony loved giving speeches and when he got to complain about his problems, there was nothing stopping him. Peter was surprised it was that short, actually.
Peter’s uncle smiled. ”Of course Pete, guest room is always ready for you. Although we need to make a deal. You can sleep here tonight, but you gotta call and talk to both Tony and Steve. Not talk as in talk, but you need to say goodnight, okay?”
After ten minutes, the Stark-Rogers men decided that Peter had to be asleep already, and walked silently to the guest room. ”-ad? Papa?” Was the first thing they heard when popping their heads through the now open door. Rhodey sighed. He had a suspicion this would happen, backed on the fact that it was the case every. Single. Time. The men did something like this. Such impatience.
Knowing Steve, he hadn’t slept properly since before the mission started. That night, before he left the hospital to go home, he made sure Steve was given a bed of his own to rest on. When Steve fell asleep before Tony even left the room, he spent a few extra minutes cuddling Peter so both his boys was asleep as he left.
”Really? No, I didn’t. Are you looking forward to it? Anyone you wanna ask to go with you?” Damn. Right on the spot. Well, actually not. Kinda. ”Well, I don’t know. Suppose not. Can’t decide,” Peter said, looking dismissively out the window, having said enough for now. They fell back into their comfortable silence, occasionally interrupted with either of them pointing out fun christmas window displays to the other.
ahead of me and my personality on the goodness-meter. And I know, you despise every part of Peter that’s me. Well you know what? Without me, there would be no Peter! Same couldn’t be said for you.”
”So what you’re telling me is that motherly and fatherly principles isn’t actually required to be executed by a mother and a father?” Steve asked, still not fully getting Tony’s explanation. They had been up for two more hours after Tony started explaining, and then gotten some sleep before getting up again. Their boy was still sleeping, cheeks not as rosy from fever as the night before. The kitchen was dimly lit as it was still the crack of dawn.
”Sorry, got a text from pops saying we’d have dinner and dessert with bucky and Sam. Pie now is just gonna ruin the rest of the day for you and you know it.” The boy had the biggest sweet tooth, Steve and Tony always had to limit him. He always lost focus completely when he had too much sugar, but would never admit it out loud at the risk of his own words being used against him. ”But burgers are fine?” ”Do you want me to take the burger away?” ”I’m gonna shut up now.”
”No, I mean for a while it was kinda uncomfortable, but dad noticed, went on a rant that lasted all through breakfast. I’m considering ditching lab time in exchange for not needing to listen to him.”
Tony could basically hear the puppy dog eyes and thanked the lord that it wasn’t a video chat. He would have given in immediately. ”Pete, I’m in a meeting right now but remember what we said about focus? Living room doesn’t work out well, you know that. You want to finish everything quickly right? Play with your buddies? Best bet is sit tight in the kitchen. Pops will be home in half an hour, he’ll help you out.”
Thank you for taking the time to read this! It very quickly became way longer than anticipated, I'm sorry if you thought it was too long.
Steve crouched down. ”Bud, I was wondering if we should get you in the bathroom, get you some clothing? Then you could take a nap while dad and I talk to dr. Garcia?” He was stroking Peter’s arm, just rough enough for it to be stimulating instead of relaxing. Peter groaned. ”It’ll probably give you some sense of day instead of being stuck in pajamas all the time.” Tony added, trying to sound motivating. It wasn’t easy, he knew how uncomfortable it was for Peter to move. ”I think I saw a ham and cheese sandwich in papa’s paper bag. You could have a go at that, if you’d like? C’mon, Pete. We’ll help.” Peter sighed and started pushing the blankets away.
But it was almost routine at that point, it was neither the first nor the last time it happened. Peter’s middle school housed several famous New York based children, so at least once a week the stairs to the main entrance would look like this. It was in the past year or so it started for Peter and his friends, since they were only there for the kids that had turned about thirteen, and so started showing themselves in the media more.
”He said his head hurt earlier, and he got dizzy from any movement earlier. I think it’s still like that, to be honest. He’s a bit congested, the nasal spray doesn’t help, and he’ll barely swallow down anything because his throat hurts.”
”Nothing special, really. IVs, papa, that nurses voice,” Peter said, actually feeling coherent for the first time since that morning. Tony smirked, and Peter saw him take a quick look towards the door to make sure no one heard them. ”Yeah, if that’s not sunshine and flowers in a voice, I don’t know what is.”
“Pops! Hi!” Peter exclaimed. Steve turned around to see the first wave of high schoolers emerging from the building. He recognized a bunch of the kids from before, Midtown high school of science and technology was a normal school for pupils of midtown elementary to move on to. It was a STEM school, and the other high school right down the road focused more on the arts. Peter had chosen the one he ended up with himself, although he had always enjoyed both art and music class.
It’s not better, is it? You know I didn’t mean to run into the road like that, I forgot to think about it.
”Yeah, it’s me. Hey, squirt. I thought you were sleeping, you were laying so still. How are you feeling?” Peter turned towards his dad and reached his arms out. Tony didn’t need more prompting to sneak his hands under Peter’s back and lift him up to a sitting position. Peter sighed as he relaxed towards his dad, resting his chin on the shoulder in front of him.
”Yeah, you’ve got that right. Peter started feeling something last night, and has gotten worse ever since. He was barely awake enough to join me in walking upstairs just now. He’s completely knocked out, I’m getting worried.”
Peter wasn’t ever alone in a building. They had allowed him to be alone in the penthouse for short periods of time, but there was always some kind of security around the kid. Peter didn’t really mind, because part of his security detail was his family, so it wasn’t normal that he went with the normal security team. Kids in school with similar situations to Peter had normal security hanging around all the time, and they complained all the time.
Peter started brushing his teeth while Steve shared a look with Tony, who had just entered. The boy shut the bathroom door, which Steve thought was a good thing because neither of them could hide their giggles anymore. Both Steve and Tony secretly enjoyed it when Peter got mad. He’d stomp his feet, clench his fists and his face looked exactly like when he was a toddler throwing tantrums.
”I just don’t want it to be such a party-party. I want to get to know people on a more personal level, there are so many in our social circle but we only know a few, and that’s cause you do regular business with them,” Steve sighed. He needed to convince his husband to do this, it was eating him up inside that they’d gone thirteen years and never given Peter the one thing he truly needed…
When Peter was in the toilet at the sandwich shop they were in, James picked up his phone again and dialed his best friend. Tony picked up right away. ”What did he say? Is he super traumatized?” ”Tones, tones… Tones, shut up will you? He hasn’t said anything of importance, but he’s not looking me in the eyes and was really scared of me talking to you earlier. Do I need to restrict him from anything? What did he do exactly?”
Happy was sticking with the father and son until they were situated, he was currently behind them on the way into the emergency room. He felt sorry for the kid for having to go through this again, but he had seen it coming. It had been over a year since the last time they had to take him to hospital, and throughout Peter’s upbringing there had been many trips to that particular ER.
Tony was crawling across the bed, curling up against Steve’s side. Steve put down his book and leaned back.
Well, that made for a pretty shitty night for Peter. He slumped back down to the couch, at least relishing the extra time he didn’t use at sleep. The adults were talking about something Peter didn’t really want to focus on. He was noticing how he was used to going to bed a bit earlier. His bones were kind of achy, and his eyes were itching. Peter let out an accidental yawn, which unfortunately made everyone else look at the clock on the wall. It was ticking towards half past, and his urge to argue bedtime once more was washed away by papa tightning an arm around his shoulders and stroking him over the head.
”Here. Make him get changed and I’ll go set up the couch after showering,” Steve whispered, handing Tony a pair of Peter’s pajamas. Tony started playfully poking his son in the sides, rubbing his back so he would wake up. After a few minutes Peter stirred and his eyes opened slightly, before he sighed and shut them again, curling into his dad. ”Where’s my jacket? Just so you know I have a deal with Ned, I have to be there by six, I need to get going,” Peter said, very obviously pretending like he didn’t know he had just been carried to bed by people who had definitely felt his fever-hot forehead. Tony laughed quietly, not needing to tell the kid that the movies would be a no-go. ”I’ll text Ned’s mom, he’ll be fine. You, however, should put these on. If we don’t get down there soon, papa’s gonna put on that super old movie he loves,” Peter didn’t need to hear more, going to his bathroom to get changed. Tony stopped by the bedroom to change into sweats, and joined Steve in the kitchen cooking a couple of frozen pizzas and tea for Peter. Entering the living room, Peter was glaring at them both, not saying a word as he settled in his spot between them.
See, Peter Stark-Rogers was an affectionate boy. Touch was natural to him, whoever he talked to would often get a hand on their arm or a bump on the shoulder. It was a known fact that no one really gave a second thought anymore. If you didn’t know him super well, though, you wouldn’t know that this only escalated when at home. As Peter was raised very affectionately, he had no issues letting his urges free when they were home. And times like now, when he was getting ill, he needed that form of love even more. Steve and Tony never deprived eachother or their son of loving touches, and the routine of him being sick was exactly that by now. Routine.
”Oh, believe you me. If he had oversight over the dates and details like me, I could have stuck him here with you guys alone. Kid’s fourteen and probably smarter than you all combined.”
Peter had been sleeping when they got back in, but had woken up shortly after. Tony had seen a colouring book and crayons set in the hallway of the ward as they came back in, and had excitedly presented it to Peter. They had both received ridiculously mean glares at this, but he had taken to colouring for a while after that. It had become almost a theme that Peter gradually felt better as the day progressed. At around five, he had even walked to the bathroom all on his own. He had needed help on his way back, but Steve felt he could count it as a win.
need that.” Ugh, All Peter wanted to do was go to the car and take a nap, and what he should do was go out ane meet up with some friends.
So there they were, early one tuesday morning. Tony only hearing Steve’s laboured breathing, only seeing Steve’s beautiful upper body, only feeling his husband inside him. Steve had finished up, and hid under the covers, him and Tony joking around before Steve started blowing him off. It was heaven for the first time in the new year. Complete bliss.
”I know. But it’s just temporary, we know that. It looks and feel worse than it is. Remember when he was eight?”
”Hey uncle Jim,” Peter looked a bit anxious, a bit like he did when he worried. ”Have you talked to dad today?” Rhodey hadn’t, except a quick text exchange confirming him to pick up Peter. ”Why, is anything wrong? I could give him a call if you’d like?” But Peter didn’t want that, and looked relieved as soon as Rhodey had said this. ”Are we going to your place today, uncle Jim? I wanna work on the puzzle we started before christmas” ”Sure we can kid, but food first. I’m not cooking today, so where do you want to go?” Rhodey knew this kind of deflection, Peter was hiding something. Something that his dad knew about, but didn’t want Rhodey to know about. Probably some kind of trouble that would make Rhodey set limits as to what they were doing. It wouldn’t be the first time. But James let it go, saving it for after they ate.
He heard Tony sigh. ”Honeybear, it happened. I don’t know what to do, it was so weird at breakfast, I don’t know how to move past this!” Rhodey was confused. Peter was generally a good kid, what could be so horrible that the Stark-Rogers didn’t know how to deal with it?
”I still don’t get why you had to fly out in your suit, Tony. You could have at least tried calling me again, or checking my vitals! You’re going to get so much shit from DC now, flying without permission like that.” Steve complained. They were still in the air and it was freezing cold, but Tony had the suit heater and Steve rarely felt cold anyways, so they were both in great shape to bicker on their way back home.
Peter visibly relaxed, realizing there was nothing wrong. He bounced from his seat and landed diagonally on Steve, and cuddled onto him. ”Love you too pops,” he whispered. Steve hugged back, rubbing circles on Peter’s back for a while. They were quiet, only the fire Tony had lit could be heard in addition to their breathing. Steve turned towards Tony and they did nothing but look into eachothers eyes. Peter was calming down even more, and Tony reached over to rub Peter’s neck like he loved when going to sleep. Steve was getting tired himself, it had been a couple of emotional days.
For Peter, that had always meant a man who was used to hearing loads of weird stuff and was comfortable to talk to. Which was why Sam was his first choice for what he had to say but didn’t know how to. Peter figured he had the entire holiday to ease into it though, so he started soft.
And it was a good thing they did. The thing about living in the penthouse of the tower was that they didn’t exactly open any curtains to look out at the road. Everything was so far away, they relied on FRIDAY to update them if anything was out of the ordinary. But that day was FRIDAY’s system reboot day, always within the first two weeks of january. That’s why her scanners were out until 10am, so she hadn’t alerted them to the absolute blizzard that had formed throughout the night.
Tony and Steve let out loud laughs at the same time, filled with both humour and relief. If that was what Peter was most concerned about after the past few days, they wouldn’t have to worry too much.
”I’m fine. Peter, you’ve got to stop calling it an accident, people always think something horrible happened! The car just slipped on the highway heading back, I ended up on the side of the road. Of course, when I was half an hour late these two panicked, and I ended up being flown home by iron man before the tow truck could show up.” Steve explained, and Bucky snickered as much as Sam did. They were both definitely imagining Steve clinging on to Tony’s suit, in addition to stressed Tony.
”Here’s your room, Peter! I think you’re going to do fine here, it’s private and quiet, but not too far from the living room. You get to spend today in bed, though, and we’re going to start you up on a couple of bags of fancy water. It’ll refuel your body with what it needs give you a little pain relief, and hopefully you’ll be able to eat something small later. For now, get settled with your dad while I go get some equipment.” The nurse was a tad too chirpy to fool fourteen year old Peter, but he supposed her attitude and voice helped the younger children. He nodded weakly from his chair as she spoke, taking Tony’s hand when it was offered.
There were only a few things Peter enjoyed as much as being out with his best friend, but baking was one of them. Spending time in his dad’s lab was also one of them, but peter felt a strange need to do something with both of them that morning. Therefore, a huge chocolate cake was on its way. ”Papa, will you pour the batter?” Peter asked, and Steve could hear in his voice that something was coming back. Whether it was fever, a sore throat or a headache he couldn’t tell, but Peter was looking slightly more pale, coughing once in a while. He shared a look with Tony, both noticing how Peter was leaning against the counter while mixing the cake. ”Hey kid, do you want to try some tylenol, just as a precaution?” Tony asked, keeping the tone light. Peter accepted a couple of pills while Steve put the cake in the oven.
I appreciate kudos and comments if you liked it, and I'm also available to talk on my tumblr at the username "lerums".
”Hello boys, sorry we’re late, you know how it is.” Tony stopped their murmuring. ”I’m sure you know who this guy is, it’s snow day here in the city so he’s joining us.” Peter mimicked tony in popping the jacket buttons open, taking it off and hanging the garment nicely over the chair before they sat down.
But the latest book he read, a book about teenager psychology, was the first that had mentioned the importance of the fatherly principle and the motherly principle. It had told him that for a teenager or really any kind of person, these two principles represented two very essential parts of building a mentality that would be stronger and more resilient. And Steve knew that Peter wasn’t exactly the strongest voice of any group, despite his many great qualities. Maybe that was the reason? It wasn’t that steve thought peter needed a mother per say, but a female role model who could represent this thing was obviously what peter lacked. He had Pepper, but she was a busy woman who was rarely around other than for when tony did work from home. Wanda would pop by and spend time with peter, but the two were like siblings. It wasn’t the same. Natasha was out on mission most of the time and Peter was a creature of habit, so he didn’t bond as well with someone he didn’t see regularly. And that was about it for Peter’s female role models that were close by.
To Tony’s surprise, Peter didn’t say a word. No ”gross”, ”oh my god”, not even an ”uhhh..”. He just opened the door, saw Tony half sitting and a still moving, not hearing anything Steve, and shut the door again. The look on Peter’s eyes must have mirrored Tony’s, because as soon as Steve noticed him tense up the wrong way and peeked up, he stopped. ”What’s the matter baby? Want to take control?” Steve  got a smack to the side of the head. ”You idiot! Did you not just hear our son come in and back out just as quickly? Dammit Steve, we lost track of time again!”
“Yeah, yeah. Fri, make space. Plot it in. Hey, where’s our kid? Doesn’t he have some kind of big day? I distinctly remember him bouncing from six am and through the entire morning. Did I dream that? Did he choose dinner?”
After saying their goodnights and goodbyes, Peter turned over to get some sleep. He wouldn’t manage to sleep for a while, but he owed papa to try. It wasn’t often that Steve got called out on rushed missions like that. When he did, it only told Peter that it was more dangerous. Steve didn’t like them either, mostly because they all liked to prepare for someone going away a couple of days in advance.
Peter sighed, rolled his eyes and went to lie on his papa’s side of the bed. The man insisted on still taking Peter’s temperature with a thermometer in his butt because when Peter was a toddler, his pediatrician had told them that would give the most correct reading. Tony rolled his eyes playfully, as Steve made a deal with the boy. ”If you’re on the wrong side of the fever limit, your body is still fighting something and you’ll stay in. If you don’t have a fever we’ll let you go out for a couple  of hours..” Peter agreed, pretty sure he didn’t still have a fever. He was truly feeling better, just tired. He supposed he’d just slept poorly again.
“We’ve agreed multiple times that we weren’t making him used to money letting him get anything, anytime! We agreed, Tony, to not make him be like - like-”
”Mr. Stark-Rogers! Am I right in that it’s not just you being chatty making you call today?” She responded, as always chirpy and calming at once.
The elevator dinged a couple of minutes later, and Happy stumbled out. He came straight to the kitchen. ”Peter, it’s all going to be fine. I promise you. I spoke briefly to your dad, him and your pops will be on their way home as soon as they can. It’s going to be
Peter was in his room reading the comic book he’d just gotten when he heard doors opening and closing, followed by heavily muffled voices from the master bedroom. They weren’t calm and pleasant, they were strained. Just slightly louder than usual.
As he took a look around the room, he missed placing that vibe in their lounge at home with a healthy Peter. Their kid loved spending time with them, they knew that, but he was always so busy nowadays and with his ADHD fueled brain, they could never make him sit down with them and do nothing. It was always two things at a time with Peter. Watching a movie together and talking over it. Playing video games and chatting to his friends. Reading comics and blasting music so loud that the SI executive’s floor could hear it. It was rarely peaceful, quiet and one thing at a time. Not that he’d change a thing about Peter, the boy was perfect in Steve’s eyes. But Steve knew that Peter enjoyed slowing down too, he just never got in the mood to actually do it. Yeah, they really needed that vacation.
Papa Steve snuggles was great because even though he would always try proving otherwise, Peter loved feeling small and protected. His papa’s lap could take Peters entire body and wrap him up.
As they were outside, Tony let out a shaky sigh. Steve had sat on the bed, and was patting the spot beside him. Tony leaned into his husband as he sat down. He was so relieved that Steve was back in time for this, he needed his other half by his side to function properly. ”It’s been such a long time, seeing him like this. It hurts so much, Steve”
Steve laughed, and shook his head while shutting the kid’s laptop. ”In the bathroom you go, bud. By the way, didn’t we talk about trying to cut back on screen time before bed? Did you read the articles I forwarded to you? I even made your dad surrender his tablet the last forty minutes before he goes to bed,” Steve started. ”No, papa! God, why are you being so annoying tonight? By the way, I want to renegotiate bedtime. Even ned can stay up until 10:30 now, I’m the last one left on ten and I’m older than them!”
Peter was puzzled. The project on the table was long forgotten, and they had migrated over to the small couch in the room. Did the man have a point? ”Uncle Jim, do you think I could sleep here tonight?” He asked. ”Don’t get me wrong, I heard everything you said, I just… Think I’d rather sleep on it without having to talk to them, If that’s okay?”
”I’ll have a burger, and then we have to get that apple pie that they had last time, that’s the best!” Tony laughed a bit at his son, shaking his head.
that, Papa? It’s like you have this huge need to embarass me wherever we go! For everyone’s sake, learn some human decency. Please.” There was no answer. Oh well. If it was gonna be like that, two could play that game. Peter picked up his phone and started texting Ned.
Tony knew how much Peter loved the cafeteria. While Peter wasn’t the one who had the guts to stand out in a crowd of kids, he could probably live on attention from adults forever. And when you’re Tony Stark’s son in the Stark Industries cafeteria, there isn’t really any person who doesn’t want to talk to you.
”Right. How are you? Let’s see if we can sit you up for a bit,” Steve fiddled with the controller doing nothing, so peter snatched it from him and drove his bed into a more upright position. Steve sat on the bed, and Peter slumped forward to bury his face in a hug. Although he was physically tired all over, Peter didn’t feel like he was going to fall asleep anymore.
Peter and Steve were running on the treadmills, slowing down bit by bit. They had been running, rowing for a bit, then boxing for a long while. A good two hours after they had entered the gym floor, Peter was initiating the end. Tony had been watching, still sore from the workout he and Steve had done the day before while worrying about Peter. Steve was the one who had suggested that one too, always a great strategist in stressful situations. It was almost like watching him as captain america on the battlefield, always the man with a plan.
Tony tucked his head over Bruce’s shoulder comfortingly. He stayed there for a long time watching the light brighten against the wall.
“Of course, I participated, the little one with the glasses is absolutely brutal.” T’Challa continued pulling on his shirt for bed.
“My father had just beaten me bloody,” Clint said. Tony can feel Bruce tense against his legs and threads his fingers through the mans hair to calm him. “I was trying to hold back tears so my brother wouldn’t get angry,” Clint continued after a short pause. “They appeared and the Lady leaned down and brushed away my tears. The Father stood behind her looking amused. She pushed away my hair like my mother had done before I presented. She shushed me and placed her hands over my eyes. Then as one I heard, We take your tears for our eyes.” Clint was quiet for a long time. The crickets clicked in the distance and Tony listened to his own breathing his head still tilted over Clint’s.
“Whatever for?” Bucky asked continuing to rub Clint’s feet. Clint put down the book he’d been reading on his chest curious.
Clint was slipping in and out of locker rooms getting groped and poked as he dropped some hints about where the next fight club was going to be. He batted his eye lashes at Fisk who slapped his ass a little too hard and ran right into Bucky. They smirked at each other. Bucky grabbed Clint’s arm and dragged him out behind the bleachers.
“Mister Lee. I accept your deal. My names Mr. Wrotty just so yous know.” The alpha leaned in for a kiss and Tony ducked away and wrinkled his nose.
“Our plan was to leave them for the birds, but you’re right bury them we shall,” Sam said drolly. Clint tucked his hand into his elbow and brought his arm up. Natasha laughed.
Clint walked over and placed an hand on Steve's shoulder. "He did not ask your pack to lie to you. They will tell you what you want to know."
“What’d he do?” Steve asked. He had pulled off the school blazer and was currently walking around with his thumbs hooked under his suspenders and his shirt sleeves rolled up over some delicious forearms.
"A mirror to shave with," Bruce said scratching at his scruff. "I need to get rid of this creature before I slice my own face off shaving blindly."
Bruce smiled causing Tony's frown to deepen into a pout. "They are I just caught you taking them early today."
"I think congratulations are in order?" Tony said startling the couple. Clint flushed and absently covered the bruised and bloody mark. Bucky watched him wary.
Tony clicked his tongue and was surprised when Steve pulled out a chair for him. "Oh, there's fun, just the small amount that you haven't stolen from me," Tony said sitting down. Steve pushes the chair in for him bending forward in the movement so that his lips brushed Tony's jaw.
Tony took in a deep breath. “You are deeply involved with my third in rank and I am here to… to… give my approval,” Tony gritted out.
Tony crumpled he felt the frog choke him and the pond well up and flood over and out. Steve wrapped him up in his arms and gently rocked him. Tony fell asleep there in his arms and Steve took the time to walk them to the cot in the corner of the room and lay them down. Tony breathed against his collar evenly and just when Steve thought that sleep wouldn’t take him, he fell into the sweet relief of unconsciousness.
Steve snorted. “Believe it or not, little devil, they are your pack and they do know how to read you.”
Words were lost then in the feeling of bodies pushed against each other and warmth being spilt and emotions shared through actions.
Tony set down his tools and stood at the end of the table drawing everyone's attention. “You're leaving. How long?”
“Even shot the fucker won’t show up.” Stane grunted just before Tony’s eyes rolled back in his head and he was out.
Jarvis patted his knee again before toddling off to pick up Dummy who had tripped a few yards away over a small rock. "You know," the automaton called, "you're the only one who asked him to be their mate."
Clint scratched his head. “I guess? But you're like supposed to hold up house rules and you bang me and routinely break house rules. This way you get to help your fellow students stay safe.”
“Hammer may be dead but it is your legal name until you produce an heir to the Stark enterprises.” Stane said his pen stopping its journey across the paper only to fall in an inkwell. Tony dropped to his knees at that moment and started to pull the nails out of Dummy with trembling fingers. He had to swallow down bile. They tore off his wheels. There was the scrape of wood against dirt as Stane stood up. He stepped around his desk watching as Tony, pulled the first nail out his fingernails bleeding.
His eyes caught sight of a pile of sketches that were not his. He flipped through them. There were various pictures of the cauldron and the shrapnel and urn and the hammer and the anvil. Tony looked past them uninterested. Then he caught sight of Jarvis holding a wrench out, one hand on his bent knees, to an excited dummy the claw open and in movement. He couldn’t help the smile that over took his lips.
Natasha touched her temple gently. Sam flinching behind her at Bruce’s sudden vocal shift. He hadn’t quite shifted yet but he was close, his shirt groaning under the tension of his growth.
Bruce shrugged the accusation off and turned to look inside his backpack. “No, I’m just really clumsy, that’s all.”
He finally felt something snap in place and bowed his head submissively with instinct instead of control. “Thanks.”
Just like that Bruce fell crashing into his body again shivering and naked and covered in blood and gore.
“What changed,” Steve said leaning in. “Was the innate respect my pack had in him. I trust your judgement, and believe Mr. Stark a good, while raunchy, man. It also helps that we rolled around skin to skin and nose to fur last night in a game of chase I could not have won if he hadn’t seceded.”
“Good guessing, observant angel,” Tony said. He called for Clint to come. “Go to the warehouse, take Jarvis with you.”
Tony rubbed his temples. “Fight Club is a betting ring that funds student’s tuition and future tuitions. You guys didn’t even know it existed until literally three months ago. Last week was the first time someone broke ranks and tried to beat me bloody.”
“He texted me yesterday.” Steve said around a yawn. He couldn’t feel everyone’s eyes on him. “He said his near death experience caused him to have an epiphany and he asked me for my hand in marriage.”
Steve pushed himself up and stretched looking towards the sky. Sunrise was long past him. Steve's winced and cursed under his breath. For all his angry alpha posturing he was going to be late for his own set time. He shifted skirting over earth and slipping on the fresh fallen mildew.
Bruce had gotten a broken arm once and that had been the extent of their hospital visits. Natasha was a master of superglue if any of them had cuts that might need stitches but other than that…nothing. In the two years of fighting ring no one had been as fucked up as Tony currently was. Natasha frowned.
“Of fucking course.” Bruce snapped. “I mean I would have liked to have known before hand so we could have stopped before people decided to try and murder you.”
Steve's fingers itched he needed to draw in such a visceral way. It was almost melancholic given how long it had been, before the war with great surety. He scrambled almost for a small piece of charcoal, a flat plane of wood and paper.
The three came closer and Steve let out a growl of warning. They slowed and the bird shifted from a drop rolling into a very familiar looking man.
Steve waited patiently. Tony felt the words block his throat. “That night laying cold and in pain waiting for the other man to come in and take what I did not want to give, I realized my heat was due and I started planning my own death because I’d rather die than raise a child in that house.  Then She came. She placed a hand in the center of my chest and said with sympathy, ‘What you do not wish to bear you must create’. I did. Stane found out after the third miscarriage and locked me up for the fourth but I had already made the body it just needed blood and my childhood butler... He was old. He wasn’t going to last to next year and he sacrificed his final days so that a child would not be trapped there.” Tony swallowed. “It was so painful John was much too far along when the process was complete.”
Clint hissed struggling. “No. You had your words I get mine.” Bucky snapped his grip tightening. “Do you not think…” Bucky paused. Clint stopped moving. He could wait.
"Lady I ask for your grace," he groaned. A foot stepped on to the back porch startling him. He looked up and met the gaze of a tired Doctor Banner holding a food tray. He stood up, but the doctor shook his head.
Thor turned and sat down next to Bruce making the bench let out a thunderous boom. “That is not what I have come to talk to you about.”
“If it’s about money we can’t stop Fight Club,” Natasha said. “It’s the easiest way to find them and stop them before anyone gets actually hurt. We just need some allies.”
“I don’t know why he’s so mad. They’ve been fucking for nearly three weeks now and the man is already as pregnant as can be their fornicating can wait at the moment.”
Tony shifted out of the bed leaving Steve snoring peacefully. It was a rare thing, they both had nightmares and insomnia and if one or the other was asleep they always left them be. He grabbed a tunic and a cloak from the floor and wrapped it around his shoulders. He wanted to see the snow. He felt a childlike wonder at the flakes coming down and it tied to his drive to create and make. Once he was bundled up he walked down the stairs and stopped as was his morning routine to touch Jarvis”s knee and greet him. Every night he'd say his goodbye and then head to bed. Jarvis still sat above the fireplace and would occasionally move his head in acknowledgement and rarely greet people. Usually, Steve or Bruce since those were his favorites. Today, Tony touched him as per usual he was cold. Which was odd for he sat above an almost never ending fire. Tony shrugged it off willing some of his magic into the bot. The magic would not leave him. His hand remained cold, the metal not even warming up against flesh.
"You're staring at him," Tony said smacking away his hand. He turned to Clint ignoring the other pack. "Where's my automatons?"
Too much was happening. Tony’s eyes couldn’t focus and things were happening he knew but he was in a haze. The curtains were new. Thor found some fabric they hadn’t used liking the deep red color and Bruce had sewn them the next day. When did they get the lace? Tony suspects it was Bruce. The man refuses to admit it but he likes more feminine tastes. The red was Thor the lace was Bruce. Bucky’s book was on the table it was written in another language. Tony read the title and smiled. Utopia. There were charcoal stains and a piece of paper with a drawing of apple pie on it. Tony felt tears burn the edges of his eyes. Steve.
"I object on account of the sand getting in my joints, sir." Jarvis said and hopped up on top taking the wheel.
“There’s nothing we can do.” Tony cut him off. “We let him come and you keep the pack and this place safe. I have all the plans for the houses made and set up so you could make them and grow the tavern. You could change the name too, but Clint might fight—”
Mr. Stark laughed outright this time. "Good luck with that but I'll agree. You’ll win the game of chase when I am with child, foolish angel.”
Steve leaned over him his chest resting against Tony’s and their fingers over lapping where he’d set them on either side. “I would very much like to kiss you, Mr. Stark.”
Tony leaned against the door jamb that he had allowed Clint to sand just to get him to stop lifting the drywall upstairs so it’s uneven and thus the door would sometimes open by itself if not closed properly.
“Finally awake,” Stane said. Tony stiffened. How long had he been asleep? He hadn’t wanted to but his body had hurt and Steve’s voice had been so worried and as soon as his eyes closed he was gone.
"I am made of steel and titanium, sir, not much could break me." Jarvis answered and continued with Clint.
"I thought my birth control would still cover it because I hadn't had a period in months." Clint admitted.
Now Tony felt guilty. Great. He put his head on Clint's shoulder and patted Clint more throughly. “Poor baby.”
Bucky and Clint. Oh god. What about the work shop, please… Off in the distance he could hear fox hissing and desperate barking. He didn’t know where anybody was. They could be on the second floor. From the side of the house the deafening sound of splintering wood came, and Tony could barely see a large pale body being thrown through the wall of the kitchen. Bruce. The next thing that came out was the monster, roaring. Stane’s pack of seven froze at the sight. The two in the closest vicinity were picked up and slaughtered with a snap of jaws and the grip of the beast’s claws hands closing on their abdomens spraying blood and viscera over the green woods.
The angel jerked back hitting his head on the window sill, he leaned back out bracing his arms on the edge. “It seems there’s a devil witnessing mine.”
“It's been over a month since you've been indoors, Lord Stark, I am surprised they came so late,” Bucky said snidely.
Clint licked his lips. He was a spy like James Bond. He could do this. “Who's telling you guys where the fights are happening?” Clint blurted. He winced. Smooth.
Tony’s eyes closed and he held unnaturally still for Steve to clean his neck. They sat in silence until Tony’s bite showed clean. There was a hard bruise where Tony had dug in for his ill-timed spell.
Bucky pushed closer, so he could whisper in his ear. “It would be at the bottom of your pack, pidurok.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I shall take a leap of faith in saying your not looking to create soldiers with my pack, but may I ask would you be willing to bow to me?”
Steve closed the back door behind him. The kitchen smelled of the start of dinner and he sat himself at the table.
Good. More blood. He pressed his palm over their crude figures barely there in the dark the sun gone beyond the trees and the moon hidden by the rain. Magic coursed through him.
He turned and kicked them and then jumped on that guy. He thinks he’s screaming words. He’s not sure. The student under him isn’t moving so he gets up and walks forward shoving and pushing anyone and thing in his way. Someone elbows his ribs and Bruce bloodies their nose and hears their scream. He continues pushing through, but people are starting to avoid him, his vision was still red around the edges. Blonsky stepped into his line of sight and cracked his knuckles.
That's right around when Thor began a pace that turned Bruce's brain into pure bliss. His climax came between one breath and the next and when he became limp and Thor used his body until his own completion.
Bruce placed a hand to his abdomen and closed his eyes the green hue rising to a brighter shade. “I don’t like this plan.”
Bucky rolled them, and Clint experienced a bit of vertigo. "Now?" Bucky asked. "When our leaders are having a power struggle--"
Sam crossed his arms and Thor leaned in closer. Steven, Samuel, and James all wandered into their dorm and began asking vague questions about the underground fighting ring. Thor had a feeling he knew who T’Challa was talking about.
Thor pulled away from Bruce who had been sitting in a rocking chair before the large prince picked him up and squeezed him like a ball of dough.
“Especially to kids who are spending their allowances and haven’t touched their funds yet,” Bruce continued for him.
Two hours later when he finally finished sweeping the entire house, washed the dishes, and folded the laundry from the day before, Bucky was not smiling. He was out right frowning. Clint had spent the time sitting and threw small balls of paper into waste bins. He was now reclined on a couch in the parlor eyes half lidded and the fringes of sleep upon him.
“Farewell, lustful devil.” He responded laughter in his voice. Tony huffed watching him turn back to his room. He dusted himself off and headed to the metal shop he created in the farm house. He built a chicken coup and a small covered area to house guest horses should they need it but considering Clint's hunting skills and their own steam carriage the need for a farm seemed arbitrary. He opened the heavy door and stared at where the majority of his savings went. It was beautiful.
Thor held out his hand and no sooner than he did, that the hammer flew past them Steve feeling the air whip his face as it left them in its wake and landed squarely in Thor's hand. Steve swallowed his eyes slowly finding Tony. The man was absolutely delighted.
The beast whirled around snarling ready to taste blood between it’s teeth. Pack leader stood there hands up. Pathetic.
It had been six total months away and they were haggard with exhaustion as they ran the last gap home as wolves. Their packs hit them harshly against their sides but they could not stop. Would not. Home. It sang through their blood and pounded with in their bonds. Home.
Steve stared at the ghost of their trail for a long time. "This place gets stranger and stranger, I swear on The Father."
Thor came closer and Bruce felt trapped. His adrenaline spiked and the urge…oh the urge, to hurt was crashing upon him. He hunched inward. Thor gently put a hand on his shoulder.
“We could leave. No need to worry about Obadiah Stane, Thor, Captain Rodgers. Clint and Bucky will be alright they have their own pack growing in his belly.”
Tony widened his eyes and looked around. He ended up catching Steve’s bland and unimpressed eye. He knew. Steve also didn’t like bullies and was very LGBTQIA friendly despite his high standing amongst all their peers. Probably because he seemed straight as a board. Tony knew better. Steve returned his attention to the book and the teacher tapped Tommy’s table forcing him to turn around. Tony flicked four more rubber bands at the back of his neck before class was over. As soon as he was in the hallway Tommy made his displeasure known. He grabbed Tony by the shoulder and slammed him into a locker.
The dry skin on Tony’s lips split, blood dribbling from the cracks, and he tasted the metallic tang on his tongue. His body fell apart piece by piece around him, held in place by the suit that stuck to the shirt and his skin. It would be his coffin, floating in space for all eternity.
“We need help,” Tony said, returning to the upper level. Nebula sat, scanning the radio frequencies. The same sounds repeated on every channel: Chaotic, desperate pleas for help echoing throughout a broken universe. “Without power, we’re sitting ducks. Food and water will last us another month, tops, and then the oxygen’s gonna run out.”
Steve looks wrecked when he gets to his feet and crowds into Tony’s personal space — as if he had been the one getting off. “That was...that was
Things went downhill from there in record time. When the smoke receded into the ventilation shafts, Tony took a closer look at the core. Earth physics took him as far as identifying the components making up the reactor but, beyond that, he drew up against a solid, unmoving wall. The technology was alien, the fuel source, unknown, and the spacecraft had stopped moving since the explosion, five days earlier, leaving them stranded. The only direction of time and distance they had was the position of the nebula millions of light years from Titan—when they left the planet, the faint, coloured clouds had been visible from the right side of the cockpit, wispy like morning fog in Winter, and then shifted out of view as they trudged on, homebound.
An alarm pinged in the cockpit. Nebula looked up to see a fluorescent light blinking next to the communication channel. Their ship, stranded and powerless, was being hailed. Someone, somewhere, must’ve heard the dozen distress calls she made. She shuffled Tony off her lap, laying him down on the floor with gentle hands. His eyes closed and she nudged him, trying to jolt him awake. “Stark, we’re being hailed. Someone’s found us. Come on, stay alive. We’re getting off this ship, one way or another.”
Tony swallowed, shrinking in his seat under her cold, penetrating gaze. He nodded.  “I… yeah. Yeah, I’ll help you.”
“Who were you talking to?” Nebula asked hours later when they sat down to eat. She was back to her firm, expressionless self. “Earlier, I saw you talking to your helmet. Were you calling for help?”
he can say, anyway, which he knows is a shitty way to react to someone who had just given him the best blowjob of his life. So, Tony does what comes to him naturally. He deflects the impending, awkward conversation by kissing Steve. It starts with a peck on the lips, but that's all the invitation Steve needs to deepen the kiss, his tongue pushing past Tony's parted lips. Steve tastes of come,
“I love him,” Tony said in a brief moment of clarity. “I love him. I’d have done everything for him. He was my world, all of it, but he left. Never even looked back once. The bastard.” He swallowed the bitterness rising at the back of his throat, sharp, piercing; Steve's retreating back, the way his arm had slung around Barnes, steadying him and supporting his weight, floated behind Tony's eyelids. The choice still stung.
,” and stomps into the living area, where he finds Thor lounging on one of the large, expensive sofas, the ones meant for hosting world leaders and other dignitaries when they drop by the Avengers headquarters. Not for—for whatever the fuck Thor's laughing at on his phone, but Tony's nerves are too frayed for a confrontation.
“Hey Cap,” Tony says, his lips stretched into a taut line. His eyes search for a safe spot to stare because every visible part of Steve, including the man's flushed, sweat-soaked skin, his bulging arms, the carved ridges of his torso — more impressive than anything the Greek sculptors could have ever envisioned — and the way the grey slacks cling to his hips and thighs, sends Tony's mind to places that threaten to throw him off his orbit. He's straight, he's spent most of his life dating women and yet—Steve puts him out of his misery with a sheepish grin and picks up the discarded black tank from the floor.
Tony waits for the rejection to come; he waits for Steve to burst out laughing at the fact that he would even think himself worthy to have something with Captain America.
. You're Mr Charming Fella and even when you annoy the hell out of me on the field, I trust you with my life. And this—this is all new to me,” Tony says, gesturing around them. “I always thought I was only a ladies’ man, and mostly I am, but you,
“Earth’s mightiest heroes. She tore us apart like cotton candy,” Steve once said. The disdain in his tone never stopped cutting through Tony like ice shards poking an open wound. The Avengers started off as something, something exciting, but then came the mistakes—“My fault,” Tony admitted, readily—the compromises until the very name festered into something rotting, putrid-smelling, a catalogue of flaws that crumbled the team’s foundation.
“It’s not your fault. I had a chance to kill him but I was too arrogant. He caught me before I could finish him off.”
Nebula adjusted the metal casing and stuck her tongue out. Tony squinted, and, in the ship’s dim lights, he saw it had been sewed back together, uneven. “It’s not the worst thing he has done to me but, this time, my sister paid the price. Because of me, because I couldn’t succeed in something I’ve spent my whole life preparing.” Her fist slammed on the console next to her, the sound of metal clashing against metal reverberating through the ship, and Tony flinched. When she stood up, he shrank in his seat, his pulse racing, mind calculating all of the painful ways she could finish what her lunatic father had started. Part of him welcomed the possibility of dying at the hands of an alien, hidden behind the stars, billions of miles from home.
feel this arousing. “I didn't say I won't teach you.” Tony’s mind draws blank when Steve slides an arm around his waist, his palm resting just above Tony’s groin. “Must be a lucky guy, whoever this schmuck is if he makes Tony Stark want to learn how to suck cock. I am almost jealous.”
Tony whimpers. It's not the first time he's heard Steve say something crude — one of the first things the team had learned after moving to the Tower was that Captain America's ‘good boy' image was nothing more than a carefully cultivated, dirty propaganda. Steve swore like a sailor and had zero reservations about airing details of his escapades from the ‘40s. The man was determined to defy every Captain America stereotype that people in Tony's generation grew up with, and Tony adored him for it.
The days passed in color, the leaves fell painting the ground gold and burgundy, Steve watched over Tony’s machines his hands moving quickly across paper to get their movements. Tony either watched him or would bring out his own paper to write things on. Then move on to building a clock, then building a crib, then another crib, and a rocking bassinet, or two. They would spend time in each other’s company mostly in silence until Tony got bored of that and would talk. Steve would sigh and put down his drawing until their little word game bored him or he found something else to fiddle with in his time. Steve’s eyes would wander to Tony’s movements when humming to himself and the way he held himself when he was asked a question by the pack and how he always could find a way to fix every problem that surprised the rest of them. Tony chest would tighten at how kind Steve was to his automatons. Most thought of them as curiosities but Steve talked to them as people. He was ruthlessly nice to everyone. Most of all though Tony felt Steve’s eyes on him and preened. Such a pretty alpha noticing how smart he is. Such a foolish angel. He’d occasionally touch his mating mark from all those years ago his fingers clenching at the skin as if that would remove his curse. A foolish kind angel.
Clint turned and was surprised to catch his lips. Bucky pushed forward and… Clint pulled back. “Even if the note exists, I’m still mad at you.”
Thor and Steve had the same look of outright suspicion between them when Tony looked up when they didn’t answer. He had a memory skim the edge of his mind, of a hand coming down and how to avoid such a thing happening to him. Tony shrugged and drank the rest of his wine. “Thor you must know of his mood swings,” acknowledge, “given that you spend so much time together,” compliment. “Are you sure there aren’t any stories you have that might catch our interest?” divert.
The pack stood quietly around the small child size grave. The coffin was already laid with runes carved in of blessing and scattering for any scavenger willing to trespass. Clint finally started to cry when they stood there.
Steve looked up Tony's body his eyes leaving a hot trail and licked his lips. He finally reached the other man’s eyes. "My idea of courtship," Steve said falling over Tony so his body covered him, "is that I give you my heart and in return you give me yours."
When he opened his mouth again, the carriage creaked forward and the whistling of steam in its engine covered his words. Tony laughed to himself with a hefty shake of his furred shoulders and then set off at a light jog. Jarvis followed swiftly behind him on the paved road.
Steve watched Tony pace his words tripping over themselves as he went on and on about probable events and unlikely futures.
Bruce sat down and stared at the room tables and chairs a deep roan and the walls a pleasant peach color. The bar was a bright oak and the door leading to the kitchen the same.
“Leave. I cannot do this. I plan to leave when Clint gives birth. There is a town with a doctor but a day’s ride away you all will be fine without me. Leave me be.”
