"A rat?"
"And the twins?"
It was at this point that Sherlock slipped into his mind palace and paid little attention to the priest and instead focused all of his considerable attention to his lover and best friend.
"Thank you kids...How did you get Mycroft to wear a party hat?" John asked making Lily give him a slightly evil smile before she twirrled away to force a hat on Sherlock.
John and Sherlock immediately jumped out of the car to stretch their legs then made the mistake of turning around.
"Kyle, you said you were running through the manor?" John asked the boy.
Later that night Mycroft was sitting in bed reading a book when Greg came in to flop down on him, effectively breaking his concentration. "Is it just my imagination or have the twins' separation anxiety and codependency virtually disappeared?" He asked as he shifted to lay across his lover. "Yes now stop shifting."
"John!" a male voice called out making Sherlock growl in annoyance. "Holy crap man I haven't seen you in ages!" he smiled and reached over to give John a hug which made Sherlock glare even harder.
I've finally found my way
"Yes well I knew Sherlock and the kids were plotting something but I honestly thought there were just going to pull some prank. I never thought..."
"Really?"
John thought it was cute.
"Ah, but only the first time that we have."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Am I hallucinating or is that the twins on the side of the road waving at us?"
"Thank you" the twins said simultaneously as they sat on the couch, obviously not wanting to be parted from one another. "Hope you don't me asking…but what or who are you running from?" Raz asked as he put the kettle on.
Two hours later
"The twins have a puppy in their room."
The kids would look at him with hero worship for the next week
"Hey My." Greg smiled as he greeted his lover at the door. "How was your day?"
'if looks could kill I'd be dead right now' He thought at the look on Johns face.
"KYLE" Lily harshly whispered as she tapped gently on his door. "Jesus Lil, give me a second." Kyle growled as he opened the door to find the twins on the other side. Lily's arms were loaded with bedding while Lucian's were full of snacks and a few movie cases. "Movie night and you're our prisoner for the duration."
side note: the song Sherlock plays is 'Elements' by Lindsay Sterling.
"True, but you would think that because we stand out and it's such a small village that we would be easy to find…I mean this must be the fifth time she's ran by us."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John tried not to laugh while Sherlock looked a bit getten pointedly did NOT look at the two.
We're unwanted and unneeded. We should go. Lily pleaded with Lucian.
"NO Mycroft, if I sell you my blue card then you will own them all and then the rent will go up..." Sherlock pouted making Greg laugh.
"I don't think Lily likes tea."
Her mother was fighting with her new dealer and the screams were getting louder and louder.
"What twins?"
Sàlçone Destrivina
"OH MY GOD REALLY?!" the attendant almost shouted.
"I see… well I just came by to see how John was fairing; I know it must be uncomfortable to be here without Shamus…"
Suddenly the door opened quietly and Sherlock saw his offspring try to creep through the flat only to stop short at the sight of John and Sherlock on the couch. "Upstairs we are going to have a chat later." Sherlock mouthed to the twins only to smile when John cuddled closer only to sigh as he buried his face into his neck. Ever since they started sharing a bed Sherlock had noticed John growing more and more affectionate towards him and he himself felt more at ease in returning the affections given.
"Alright you two these are my digs…make yourselves at home." Raz said as they walked into an abandoned train car decked out to look like a flat. For some reason the two twins looked really familiar to Raz but for the life of him, he couldn't place their faces. Oh well probably ran into them a while back then forgot…though you'd think they would stick out…
"You're too young."
At that Lily tried to slip past the adults only to stop short at the look John shot at her. "Nice try Lily but I was in the army and lived with your father… Its going to take a lot more than that to slip by me." He smiled grimly then pointed to the chair in the universal parental way of 'you and I are going to have a chat so sit' that they all seem to have. "Now explain why the children had to go to the hospital." That Lily gave more or less a play by play of what happened.
“Yea but you broke John”
"Good choice.
Sherlock woke up with a snort and took a look around him. He had fallen asleep against the wall. He had only meant to sit for a second as he was talking to the children and must have succumbed to his exhaustion.
"Shit."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Lily blanched at the command then visibly steeled herself as she started to speak.
HOME AGAIN…ISH
"Any questions?"
"I like it." Lily replied and went back to looking under the couches. She liked seeing things from different points of view and imagines this is what a puppies world looks like.
"At least it was your tea, Lily kept switching out the little bottles the hotel gives you."
Any outsider would look at the two of them and see two teenagers sitting by the water fall. The girl looking as if she was about to shatter and the boy trying to keep her together. Unaware that they saw exactly what the twins wanted them to see.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This left the three teenagers with a huge house that they could do virtually whatever they wanted, with the stipulation from John that fire not be involved. To which Lucian replied that he was no fun, much to the doctors surprise. The teenagers were fine with that idea until Lily found a short sword and proceeded to enslave the boys.
"Fine I'll call him in the morning." The detective muttered as he wrapped his arms around his blogger once more, enticing him to sleep.
security guards decided to tell my children that they in fact
....olive branches and memories...its  right there in the title...I don't know how to do summaries....not at all
"Your brother has decided that me working in Scotland Yard is 'no longer acceptable' and has put my resume in to various government offices!" Lestrade fumed making John openly gape. Thought he would have more sense than to do that! John thought. "Perhaps he believes you to be wasted on Scotland Yard?" John pondered hoping to diffuse the bomb cleverly disguised as Lestrade. Seeing his partner open his mouth with that gleam in his eye (the one that said that he was going to say something that is defiantly 'a bit not good') John covered his mouth with one hand, effectively quelling the comments that were about to come out of the consulting detectives mouth. "I don't know! All I know is that I kept getting calls asking if I still wanted the position that I applied for and when I asked Mycroft about it all he said was 'Scotland Yard is no longer acceptable' then ran off!" Lestrade shouted as he started to pace.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock was laying on the couch, staring at the ceiling in annoyance. “JOHN! I’m Bored!” he yelled as he heard his blogger come down the stairs. “Well if you hadn’t insulted Lestrade, the chief and all the officers at the exact same time then maybe you would have a case to work. But since you did-“His words were cut off as a pillow managed to smack him right in the face. “It was their own fault! That case was barely a two John. A TWO! There’s no challenge anymore. I WANT A CHALLENGE!!” The Detective yelled then yelped as the pillow hit him back with a little more force than necessary.
"No it has to go back." John pouted and handed it over.
Do you John Watson take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband?"
“Tried to eat Lucian”
"Sherlock Holmes, I give you this ring in token of my commitment and love."
Cheater
"Well England is north of Greece…so if we keep walking north…"
“DON’T CALL ME SHERLY!” Sherlock shouted and luckily John was there to pull the detective back.
John and Sherlock looked at each other and John lifted a hand to point at Sherlock. "Yours."
John turned to give Sherlock a small smile in return and squeezed his hand in return then turning around he held out his hand to the twins, Lucian running over to grasp his hand while Lily grasped Sherlocks hand, every occasionally leaning forward to keep an eye on John.
“Pen snobs? What do you mean but that?” Sherlock asked and blew on his tea to cool it before taking a sip.
"Why would you do that? The only thing you are thinking of right now is yourself Sherlock. How can you get John back, How can you keep him by your side. What about what he wants?" Mycroft asked as he stood up to his full height to look down on his little brother. "I've seen you experiment on John; I've seen you break his heart and spirit. Why should I tell you where he is?"
John leaned against the counter as the popcorn was being made and tried to calm his racing thoughts. What is Sherlock doing? First that thing this morning and now on the couch…Does he wish to pursue a relationship or is he just playing around to mess with my head? What is his end game? Went through his head as his body went on automatic and poured melted butter and salt over the popcorn. He better not try anything during the film or he will be losing a few teeth…actually I'll just bruise him… "Hey what movie did you guys pick?" He feigned happiness as he brought out the popcorn to the twins and settled on the couch with the other. "Dead Poet's Society with Robin Williams." Lucian said as Lily started on the popcorn. "That should be good." John remarked then glared as Sherlock scooted closer. "I want some…" the detective pleaded as he stuffed his hands into the bowl which happened to be on Johns lap. "Okay I'll make you some…" He tried then sighed at the shake of Sherlock's head. "I don't want a whole bowl I only want some." He said then shifted closer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did it just said shit…how can you watch your mouth It’s below your eyes….” Lily wondered as she picked up the disinfectant spray.
"No shit. First of all he's a guy and sweet and innocent doesn't actually work with him. Second of all he's a known threat so getting on his good side? Yea not going to happen. So he plays it as himself. Thirdly you both made it OBSENELY easy to fool you both. Just tip your head and widen your eyes a bit and 'wa la' the big bad assassins tripping over himself to cuddle you and make everything all better again."
"Gregoravich…are you sure about this?" Lily asked as she walked over and poked him in the shoulder.
Panting John held Sherlock against him, rubbing his friends sweat slicked skin as their bodies cooled and their pulses stopped racing. "Mmmm" john signed as Sherlock rolled them over so the lanky detective wasn't crushing his little blogger. "That was..." John started but couldn't find the words.
"Yea I found it in a little market and remembered when you read me to sleep when I was younger."
"Jawn! She's vomiting! What do I do?" a wild eyed Sherlock almost shouted as he came barreling down the stairs. "Give her a bucket and get her to the loo." John said evenly as he dried the dishes. Scenes like this one was the reason he's had a headache for the last three days. "But how do I make it stop?"
“What about it Sherlock?”
Lucian stared at the man before turning on his sister. "The one language you didn't try." He said then turned to the man as he ignored the petulant 'shut it' that his sister whispered. "Yes sir, we're English...sort of."
~~_~~!
Dear lily,
Half an hour later Lily and Lucian handed their test in with small smiles at the proctors glare. "There is no way they you were able to finish so quickly." He said then started at the twin smiles he got in return. "Fine you get your results in at the end of the week." He growled dismissing them then started to mutter under his breath about mutant offspring from homosexuals making Lily give him a worried look.
"Not the best time to do it, I know." Sherlock whispered as he led John over to the couch so he could have a proper cuddle with his blogger. "I do have a question for you though."
“Obviously.”
That was how it was for the next few days. Someone would come up to give John a hug and Sherlock would then take possession of his blogger while his minions annoyed the offending person.
John turned to find both twins peering past the threshold, only their eyes and the top of their heads could be seen from his point of view.
"It's alright sweeting, we aren't going to hurt you. Bad Sebastian had to knock you out. After all we couldn't have you seeing where you were heading now could we? As for Kyle… Well we left him back at the manor. Lucian is here though, he's in his own room!" He giggled and flicked the tip of her nose. 'Alright mad man thinks' I'm harmless, I can play that up.'
"I thought he would be a complete arsehole."
And boy, I believe in us
"Alright you two go pick out your bedding while your father and I go pick up some tea. Meet us at the café?" John asked then nodded at the twin's agreement.
The next day Mycroft had the files sent over which John immediately opened, pouring over them with Sherlock reading over his shoulder.
Obvious bullet holes and they are obviously shooting at me but why am I not hit? They aren’t aiming for me but guiding me somewhere…leading me somewhere I definitely don’t want to be…and away from someplace I do want to go but what is in that direction? Restaurants main street, people, shops… people and crowds! I have to get back there but that freaking sniper has me pinned down so how? She asked herself then groaned when she thought of the answer oh this is going to hurt.
"Oh hush, I'm holding a bouquet of what I'm sure are poisonous flowers."
"To protect you, your brother, and Jim."
As soon as John and Sherlock left their room Lily ran over to Lucians bed and slid in between the sheets. They had a lot to talk about and it wouldn't do to have to shout across the narrow space between their beds. "Am I the only one who thinks that was weird?" She asked as she wrapped her pinky finger around his.
Father has just started writing his vows.
"Yep. To be honest I'm glad we aren't wearing dresses."
He really loved them sometimes.
She had to be honest. The twins were starting to freak her out with their children of the corn impression. “Alright how about this? I’ll start by telling you what I know about you. I know that both of you suffer from symptoms related to PTSD not just Lily. Lucian you are Jumpy and easily startled in any place you don’t feel comfortable in. Both of you have issues with sleeping or staying asleep. Lily you have night terrors and Lucian you have nightmares. These pertain to a certain event in your past. But here’s what I don’t know. I don’t know what happened to either of you and will not unless you tell me yourselves. Now I would like to get to know both of you better but I cannot unless you two actually speak to me. Now how would you like to start? You can tell me what was the last thing that happened to you two if you wish.”
"Luce…LUCE! Wake up!" Lily whispered harshly as she shook the person sized lump under the blankets. "Not Lucian." The person groaned as he sat up and before she could flee, wrapped his arms around her wrist to tug her into the bed beside him. Essentially pinning her between the wall and himself.
"Sherlock if they were running through the manor that means they weren't in one place." He said.
“That’s alright…call me when you can? Maybe we can go for coffee?” Harry asked hopefully.
Greg tried hard not to laugh at the thought of the twins purposely messing with the detective.
As he walked up the stairs to the flat, he was met with the most beautiful music he’s ever heard. The notes rose and fell like the tides and then swelled back again then quickened to fierce notes that faded into wispy sounds that rose and fell like the wind, eventually coming to a complete and final note that rang out to fill the air before fading as if it never had been before.
Alright people this is chapter 40...my 'planned' story ended about five chapters ago so do me a favor? see that little box down at the bottom? if you ask a question or say 'hey I want to see!' i'll more than likely include it cause after this funeral thing....I'm all out of ideas about what to do...so yea help?
At the word “lab” both twins shot a look at each other that did not go unnoticed by John.
From Lily
“And bake you a cake”
(See the end of the chapter for
In the cab John sat curled up against Sherlock with their hands entwined.
Summary: Four years after Sherlock's return from his fall Mycroft visits with two unexpected visitors. Normally that wouldn't be a problem but...what? They're his kids? How will this change our favorite consulting detectives life? and what happens when the enemy appears and takes an interest in the two kids? Mainly dialogue for this first chapter. (Just to get the ball rolling)
"Right what about Russia?"
"We're twins you stupid genius."
Love indefinitely
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"Alright then stop pouting."
The twins were curled up in Lucian's bed, facing each other with their hands clasped in a symbol of unity. "I've already taken at least thirty photographs….want me to send you one?" Sherlock asked as john shook his head in amusement. "Most definitely. I'm going to frame it for my desk at work…you know they look a lot like you when their asleep?" He asked with almost hidden amusement. "Well half of those genes are mine so I would be remiss if they did not look like me even a little bit…"
Sherlock looked shocked at this.
"Alright if you insist."
"Wait a second Sherlock." Trymann said from just outside of the door, halting the detective in his tracks. "I will not allow you to put my grand children in danger, so no one is going anywhere and Amalee? You hush now, this is MY house and you will abide by my rule. The twins are guests in this house. Now Mycroft explained the last year of their lives to me last night and if they wish to draw comfort from each other's presence then so be it. As for what happened with Sherlock and Mycroft…well we are going to have a little chat about that later. Now everyone this argument is settled and breakfast is on the table. I suggest you eat it while it is hot."
Greg's head snapped up at John's voice. "Oh sorry I was in my own little world... anyways like I said I know you don't want to stay with Harriet so you can always stay at my old flat for a while. That way you can keep in touch. Plus it will be easy to find you once we've located the children."
They walked for a good hour and a half before they came upon a small village. "Food, water…PHONE!" Lucian begged as they stumbled into the town square.
I am bound to you
“I have a question” he said almost meekly.
Lucian blinked slowly making Jim sigh. "You see with a real threat you can always just neutralize It and be done with the entire thing but with a perceived threat there is no target to neutralize and you're forever watching your back! MUCH more effective." Jim said with a brilliant smile before turning back towards Sebastian. "Go and bring me that sniper Sebastian. I want him here as soon as possible...Oh!" He suddenly started as Sebastian left the room. "You two are growing children... children are always hungry...I should feed you! COME!"
The silence on the other end of the phone worried John. "Yes, yes I do...I suppose he refuses to let you leave the flat until they get better."
“Then we would have to”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well first of all Mycroft might be able to help you, second of all what if it turns out to be dangerous?" He asked making Sherlock glare.
"Lily is not a hussy mother. Now Lily…why are you in Kyle's bed?" Sherlock asked, curious to the answer as he ignored the frightened boy. "Thought he was Luce."
She then attached the coil to the flux capacitor then attached the other end to the unused terminal on the switch.
While Greg was in the shower Mycroft paced the small room. He did not understand this issue Gregory has with Anthea. For a while he had been very defensive of her and this alarmed the tall ginger.
“I wasn’t there but they will tell you that I have been suspended for a  week  before all this happened…” Lucian announced and then shifted his feet. “One of the reasons that Billy was annoying Lily so much was that I overheard him talking to his friends about how ‘easy’ Lily was going to be and how much of a ‘freak’ she was…I may have broken his nose.”
"I demand a different seat. I do not wish to be near these two pillow biters! Go and tell the captain." The woman growled while glaring at the two men.
"Yes as I understand it that is the main purpose of cellular phones."
The next day John left Sherlock and the kids with the order to behave and he’ll be back soon.
Soon after dinner John sent the kids to bed, hoping to have a chat with Sherlock.
"Give the man a case and he's happy. Have him face a murderer and he's completely fine but face him with two sick teenagers and its the apocalypse!"
"Yep." Lucian said while Lily just gave him a thumb up from the floor. This made Sherlock suspicious and he determined that he needed to talk to Lily about her silence once the woman left.
John opened the twins door and was immediately assailed by a small black fur ball that whined and scratched at his legs to be picked up.
"I still have that twenty that Anderson gave me to make me go away…"
Sweet Love, Sweet love
"No not yet…"
He came face to face with Donovan who was trying to hand Lily a card. The small girl obviously didn’t want to take it, her arms firmly crossed across her chest and she refused to look at the officer.
"How did he even manage..?"
"Yes but I don't think he found it funny."
"Sometimes I just love you too bits." Lucian grinned as he interrupted her thought process and threw an arm around her shoulders to give her a one armed hug. "Just leave it to me Mo Dheartháir."
Anyways feel free to write me love notes in that little box at the bottom of the screen (I love getting them!) and I am going to announce something right now.
~~__~~
"Lucian and I played Spec. Ops." Lily remarked making her brother snicker while John frowned. "And that means?" He started then continued when Lily opened her mouth. "Not the definition…how did you play spec. ops?" John asked making Lily blush. "We got bored in Molly's office and she kept trying to feed us tea and cakes…and she treated us like we were five so Luce and I snuck around till we found dad." Lily explained then realized her mistake as Johns eyes narrowed. "But he was in the laboratory so Luce and I just hung out while he worked! And we had too Molly kept trying to stick me with unicorn paraphernalia and I don't like unicorns their really really…sparkly…." Lily said looking up at John through her eyelashes. "See? No rules were broken."
"Did you see what she put in the punch bowl Sherlock?"
But before their lips could touch there came a rapping on the door and both men glared at the intrusion. "Sherlock I know your home so open up!" came lestrades voice from the other side of the closed door. "Crap." John muttered through gritted teeth as he let the Detective Inspector into their home. "Sherlock…What the hell is wrong with your brother?" Lestrade demanded thrusting his hands into the air. "You mean other than the usual?" Sherlock scoffed at the glare that was aimed his way at his words.
"Greg."
This chapter is dedicated to 1butterfly_grl1 from AO3 who gave me the prompt of the twins cooking or baking something for Sherlock and John…and maybe Mycroft, maybe no Mycroft, we’ll see if he decides to pop in later.
~~~~~~______________~~~~~~
“Lily what happened obviously wasn’t your fault so just go sit down but
“Maybe he thought she was in enough trouble as it was and decided to take some off of her.”
"Canadians!"
John turned to look at the twins. Lily held her head high while Lucian looked down at the ground. They were obviously guilty.
"Sebastian says that you two have a bad habit of popping up and… well staring at him… that's freaking him out so could you two please not do that?" Jim smiled and tried not to grind his teeth at their confused looks.
John smiled down at her then wrapped his arms around her shoulders. "Alright…and I'm sorry about the unicorns…so you all sit down I've made dinner and before you say anything you are all eating, so no arguments." John remarked at the detective gave the children a guilty look. "I guess ice cream wasn't the best idea after all…" he whispered to his children as John went over to the stove. "How was the hospital?" Sherlock asked as John sat with them at the newly cleaned table.
'Sherlock, These past few years have been a whirlwind of chaos and I honestly cannot say that this has been boring. But even after all the chaos dies down, and life stills just a bit I can honestly say that I come out on top. Because I'll have you. You make life worth living for and I don't want to think about where I would be without you because it hurts to even imagine life without you. I love you so much Sherlock..."
48: Proposal plus some of the planning for a wedding.;
"Kyle is upstairs working on his model."
"Now's not the time love" John sighed then gasped and squirmed when his Sherlock started to bite. "But..." Sherlock frowned as he tried to keep a wriggling John in his lap. "The machine isn't dangerous its just an intricate puzzle." Sherlock went silent which worried John even further. "Sherlock…you don't think it's…Do you?" John asked quietly making Sherlock's gaze snap back to his little lover. "Honestly? I have no idea if it's him or not. But John, that tune…I was taught to dance by that tune… Stardust one of my mother's favorites…"
He knew exactly what to say and when to say it so that his target kept up with what is essentially a monologue. One that has a nasty habit of incriminating the person speaking.
"Yes?"
"Well he did come for us and it seems as though he is making plans to keep us…so I think we have a good chance of being kept. But just in case I am not getting my hopes up till I have solid proof." Lily responded as they walked over to John and Sherlock.
"You know he means that fondly. After all everyone is an idiot to the great Sherlock Holmes!"
"Well…sometimes." John muttered beneath his breath and refused to look Sherlock in the face. Sherlock pondered this new turn of events before picking his blogger up and walking him into the bedroom. "Sherlock?"
“Actually yes it does. John and I have been living together for many years and it was understood when
"No one yet…Anthea I want EVERYONE questioned, I don't care how long they have worked for me, yes everyone." Mycroft growled into his phone then took a look at his brother who was holding Johns hand as hard as he could, trying to keep his anxiety over the children at bay. He couldn't help but feel guilty as he saw the damage the kid's absence took on his brother.
"Because you are both too young to be left on your own for a month that is why." Mycroft growled through clenched teeth as he gripped the steering wheel. Greg sighed beside him and rested a hand on his leg. "Relax they don't mean to annoy you My." he said hoping that his words would somewhat ease his lovers tension. "I know they don't mean it, but what do we do with two fifteen year olds?!"
Sherlock however, simply sat with her and listened, wiping her tears away before asking if he could do anything. To which she could only shake her head.
“Watch your mouth young lady.”
From Lily
~~__~~
John, His John, was laying across the bed, spread eagle, wearing only his robe and his face buried in a pillow. He was definitely the cutest person that Sherlock had ever seen. (Not that Sherlock would ever tell him that. Something tells him that John would take offense to being called 'cute')
John looked from the sulking detective to the twins who gave him a conspirator wink, to which he winked back.
"Fine then you pick a direction!" Lily shouted and stomped off leaving her brother to sigh and follow her. "Lily-lie wait up. Let's just keep heading in this direction for a while alright? I mean it has to be better than staying in one place. Alright so let's take a deep breath and just keep going." Lucian smiled at his sister making her feel guilty. "Alright we'll go."
“But they’re just pens.” Sherlock remarked in confusion.
"He just congratulated me...and meant it." Sherlock frowned wondering what was going on. "Sherlock that's a good thing now enough about Mycroft." John smiled as he wrapped his arms around his husbands neck. "When is our flight?"
"Your dog tags."
"Whatever. Now stuff our clothes with leaves and huddle close I guess..."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Sherlock we're supposed to feed each other by hand."
"What is it with you and duct tape?"
"I knew it...I'm in hell." She muttered to herself with a scoff. She walked over to the door to see if she could leave (she didn't think so but it didn't hurt to check) when she heard it unlock. She jumped back when the door opened to reveal a smallish man with black hair and creepy eyes on the other side.
This got John laughing as Sherlock pulled a wad of papers out of his jacket. "I'm sorry would you please give me a minute?"
Lily signed, walking up to the blackboard only to start writing with a small piece of chalk muttering about 'idiocy' and 'moronic teachers' before tossing the chalk piece to the open mouthed teacher. "Can I have that 'A+' now?"
Lily lay on the old futon mattress that they had thrown down on the floor and closed her eyes.
Two hours later and the questions and statements were getting a bit annoying.
"Of course I will you idiot." He smiled and moved to kiss his love greedily. "Damn it Greg!"
"No…"
_._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.
“That’s fine I fully expect trust to be earned and not something freely given. Now tell me about your nightmares.”
The twins started to fight between themselves but stopped when John enclosed both of them in his arms. “I love both of you very dearly, neither of you broke me. Now lets get this placed cleaned up before Sherlock comes home.” John laughed as he gave them both a kiss on the head.
"Are you sure?" Sherlock asked as he palmed his best friends face with one hand and rubbed a thumb over his bottom lip, pulling it open slightly.
“Sherlock you do realize that you’ll have to take a case soon. Otherwise the yard won’t leave us alone.” John remarked as he pulled out a book.
"Freak?" Lily asked quietly making Sherlock take a step towards her, only to be rebuffed by Sally as Anderson tried to put his hands on her shoulders. "The tall one dear…now where is your mother?" He asked gently as Lily stepped away, narrowly avoiding his touch. "Why do you want to know that?" she was obviously terrified.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"LILY! It's alright! You're home safe!" Both John and Sherlock tried to sooth the girl who only stared at them with eyes too big for her face and were filled with terror.
"Yep he can't find it anywhere."
"WHAT THE JUMPING MONKEY FUCK?!
“Or how about you just hear him out. He might have something for you and our walls might survive. Besides…” John trailed off as he opened the door and could only stare.
After the paint incident Moriarty tried a new tactic to win the twins over without having them fight. he used a tactic that had won over numerous men and woman. A tactic that, when used correctly, can be the most devistating weapon in his arsenal.
So he took a few cases and simple ones where he could return home as quick as possible, not wanting to leave them for too long. Even with Mrs. Hudson.
"Hello Lily." He said as he sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close.
"Hmm normally that's what I would do but Sherlock managed to kill our phone, Mrs. Hudson is away for the day and Lily has my phone incase either of the twins have to stay after school." John lied easily as he poured the tea. "Actually might I borrow your phone? Thank you." John smiled and ignored the shouted accusations that he hid the phone in some adolescent example of revenge for the plant incident that came from the living room following several crashes. "John wasn't there a thing…?" Sherlock shouted as he tipped over the couch as though he just remembered. "Oh yes…Mycroft I have a gift for you would you please be a dear and fetch it for me? It's in the bedroom….Oh Sherlock…" John smiled through gritted teeth.
Good point now get off your phone you're being rude.
“That’s alright but when you do that it drives me up the wall.”
When they reached the top John noticed something odd. "Sherlock where are all the tourists?"
"Alright now we are going to play a game!" One of John's army buddies announced as he brought over a round of shots. "It's called 'Never Have I Ever' and for every question that you have done you have to take a shot." He grinned making them groan. "Alright I go first. Never have I ever... Shagged a man" He grinned and soon the game was rolling with questions specifically tailored for the couple including 'never have I ever snuck onto a crime scene to scare an ME' (Though both John and Sherlock had to take a shot at that one.)
"But he's so cute!"
"Shut it! You've said worse you chipmunk!"
Lily took a breath and opened her mouth.
Now all that was left was to tell Lily and Lucian. Which would definitely fall on his shoulders.
John grinned and winked at his husband before turning swiftly on his knees (He was going to feel that tomorrow) pulling the edge of the black garter back, then firing it in such a way that it soared above the crowd like a fluffy bird. That happened to find itself landing right in Mycrofts lap. "Oh my dear I think I love you." Sherlock gasped when he saw what his new husband had done. "You only 'think' you love me?" John grinned as he gave his husband another kiss.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Obviously the same  applies to him SH
Everyone applauded the new couple as another song began again and John and Sherlock joining the party to dance along, laughing as the twins took turns dancing with Kyle.
He was even more prideful when John broke a random coppers nose after he made a comment about gays in the military.
Next chapter is going up soon and hopefully some light will cast away some of this darkness.
"Helloo children!" Moriarty sang brightly as he skipped into Lucians room "Hi Jim." They said in unison making Jim stop. Alright he might have a point in the creepiness he thought before continuing.
John was sitting in his chair when Sherlock walked over, grabbed his book, pulled him out of his chair and proceeded to drag him to the door. "Come on we have to go..."
"She doesn't do anything!"
Over the next few weeks John was extremely busy as the flu season hit London tremendously hard. Unfortunately for Sherlock this meant that criminals were way to sick to create any interesting crimes.
"Shut up."
“I already know what you’re going to say John.” Sherlock remarked from the couch.
"Can we just get this night over with?"
"Lucian."
Mycroft groaned as he clung to his pillow. "No Greg."
Lily slowly raised her hands above her head as she knelt on the ground, eyes locked on her brother.
“Oh? And I suppose we should add mind reader the list of your abilities?” John remarked making Sherlock glare at him. “I realize that all of this could have been circumvented by responding to Lestrade’s text. But there is nothing I can do about that now.” He responded, moving over to make room for John on the couch.
Both children did not make eye contact with anyone, preferring to stare at their cups and huddle as close as possible to each other.
“You and me both”
"Lost."
"Everywhere...feels like I've been hit by a bus but mainly my head and joints." She ground out making him wince in sympathy. "Sweetheart It sounds as If you're gargling glass...I'm going to ask you a few questions...here squeeze my hand once for yes and twice for no alright?" he asked as he popped a thermometer in her mouth.
"How do you mean?"
Mycroft began to message the bridge of his nose. “You speak Farsi?” He heard his brother ask John.
"I love you." Sherlock said as he braced himself over John's frame making him smile. "And I love you too." Sherlock lowered himself down and kissed his husband once again. Soon that wasn't enough and Sherlock raised his hands up to slide his hands underneath John's robe. Moving the fabric down his arms he exposed his husbands body to his gaze then smiling when John did the same. He slid his hands over Johns skin, finding the spots that made him gasp and sigh with ease. "Sherlo-" John's growl was cut off as his husbands hands found his inner thighs and started to play with his length. "John...I want you...let me have you?" Sherlock almost begged as he caressed his lover. "Yes...oh god yes Sherlock" He gasped and pushed Sherlock off to start groping around for the tube of lubricant that he knew he put in the side table just an hour ago. He almost sobbed in relief as he found it then tossed it over his shoulder to Sherlock, remaining on his hands and knees waiting for the cold fingers he knew was about to come. Fingers that never came but Sherlock's moans got louder making the army doctor curious.
"Stealth operations"
"NO."
Later as they lay in bed curled around each other, they couldn't help but worry about the music box. "Sherlock… who else known about that tune?" John asked as he pulled his fingers through the detectives hair. "A lot of people I would assume…it's a very popular tune…OW!" he growled when John gave a tug on his curly locks. "Alright smart arse, who known that you learned to dance by the tune stardust?" John growled back as Sherlock rolled over to lay on him. "Only Mycroft and mummy would…oh."
"John?" Sherlock whispered sweeping his hands down Johns back in a comforting motion trying to get the tears to stop. "That was so sweet of them and poor Neil…" John whispered then turned towards the twins to ask how they like to movie only to find the arm chair vacant. "W-Where did they go?" He asked suddenly terrified to be alone with his detective. "Probably up to their room…Are you sure your alright?" Sherlock asked as he rubbed his friends back until he arched. "Oh…the PTSD and the….no Sherlock I'm fine …thank…" John started then stopped when he realized that he was laying ON TOP of Sherlock Holmes…
"Loch nan Ealachan near Achfary?"
“What are you saying to them John!”
Lucian stared at Moriarty. "You're Moriarty."
"It's a puppy."
"What is that?"
"Lily you don't like wine…remember at Uncle Mycroft's when you tried some?"
Sherlock laid his best friend down onto the bed down as carefully as possible only to hover over him, covering every inch of exposed skin with gentle kisses and paying homage to Johns wounded shoulder. "God you taste good!" He muttered as he lifted himself up to claim John's lips again, pausing only for the army doctor to remove his shirt. "My turn." John rasped as he rolled them over to use his teeth and tongue on Sherlock's chest, trying to wring out every moan and delicious gasp as he could. Why the hell didn't I try this sooner? He thought as his chin his Sherlock's belt buckle and he lifted his hands to remove it only to pause. "Can I?" He asked tentatively.
"Brother."
"Shut up git." John laughed as Sherlock took a piece of cake and carefully placed it in his husbands mouth. John could not resist. When Sherlock leaned down to accept the bit of cake John offered he smeared the detectives face with the icing.
“Can you please play the song you played when we came back from the clinic?” She asked, a soft blush creeping along her cheeks.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Text Message from: Unknown
And now he's tearing up the paper and starting over...
"Lily, Lucian we can't help you if you don't tell us what she threatened you with." John spoke softly after sitting down on Lucian's bed.
Then Sherlock began to speak.
"But who?"
John shuddered as Sherlock growled in his hear and pressed back against him. "I absolutely ADORE the second option…" he purred and lifted his head for his lovers kiss.
Lucian smiled at his father and walked over (pocketing a monocle on his way). "I know but its weird enough explaining the fact that no those aren't my girl clothes they belong to my sister. Who lives with me when she's in London. Which isn't often anymore so there isn't any worry about her walking in...again." Lucian blushed remembering when she had, in fact, done that.
Lily was wearing a floor length gown that started off a heather grey but faded into an icy blue at the bottom. She was carrying a bouquet of purple roses mixed with blue hydrangeas. Her long black hair was half pinned up and had some braids that fell to the side of her face where Anthea had twined in some heather. Anthea even did Lily's makeup for the wedding, darkening her eyes with black eyeliner and adding in a purple eyeshadow. Mixed with the dark red lips Lily was the picture of a fairy princess. (John knew it was going to be fun when the world population of boys discovered how beautiful she was. He was already planning on getting a shot gun and lets face it, Sherlock knew how to hide a body and not get caught)
"Lil we haven't seen stars for almost a week"
John lay in Sherlock's arms, panting with exhaustion. He needed a shower as his body was covered in cum and sweat. "Jesus John..."
"I know I just wanted to see what the flight attendant would do."
Both have co-dependency issues
“Lucian you told them that you had broke Billy’s nose prior to the incident when I did it after.” Lily’s eyes were large and sad as they stared up at him.
"Er, actually I'm in your Calculus, Biology and Religious Education classes… You're taking really advanced classes by the way. But no we've never actually met…anyway I didn't need to know you to help you. No man should put his hands on a woman unless their armed…there is no reason to do so." Kyle stated then blushed at Lily's stare.
Greg fought the urge to wrap his arms around his lover. "But when I need to talk about something you can't just run off on me…it makes me feel as though you don't give two shits about our relationship, about ME. And it's not a good feeling at all. I mean besides having sex we don't do anything but fight or at least try too…" Greg gasped when Mycroft suddenly lunched forward at the heartbreak in his voice. "I am so sorry." He whispered as he wrapped his arms around his beloved. "What if you moved in with me? I mean this way we can't just leave during a fight. And I love waking up to you. And it'll bring us closer and save money on food rent and cab fare…and I'll be there for when Sherlock tries something…" Mycroft kept babbling not wanting his Gregory to be able to say 'no'. So the detective inspector did the only thing he could think of, he kissed him. "I love you Mycroft….of course I'll move in with you." He whispered against his boyfriend's mouth making him grin.
"Luce, Lily and I were messing around when she found this old sword. She then took Luce and I as prisoners but we staged a revolt, we chased her through the manor and into the garden when she turned back and told us that we'd never take her alive…then someone hit me from behind." Kyle said trying to remember anything else he might have missed.
"Alright but I'm not going if Anderson goes. "Love...no one will go if Anderson goes."
She skipped the page on what had happened to the twins. She always felt that children were more comfortable telling her what had happened rather than her just having prior knowledge of it.
"Yes."
It was one of the barristers who came running after them.
“That’s because they are all idiots. Lily, do you not like tea?” Sherlock asked noticing that Lily had not touched the cup in front of her.
"I know you don't want to hear it Sherl…But they have been through so much lately. I honestly think that a therapist is needed Sherlock."
"So who the hell are you?"
"I was walking to bio when I saw these three boys harassing someone. They were shouting things like 'ass-bandit' and 'faggot' so I walked over to…dissuade them from using those terms." Lily said trying to be impartial and only give them the facts. "I went over with some random kid and we managed to get the three boys away the kid, who turned out to be Lucian. And the kid...s...may or may not have been sent to the nurse…then the hospital…"
They reached the town of Oligos after a few hours of driving and John immediately jumped out of the car and dragged his beloved out as well. “Alright you’re out of the car now would you please just be quiet?” John begged and seeing that he truly meant it, Sherlock relented. “I’m sorry.” He whispered in John ear making him sigh.
"Yes Luce?"
“Yes, I seen them. I tried to let them use phone but no service out in my town.” The boy said with a gentle smile.
I am assuming you mean the music box SH
"Trying? Just trying?"
“Alright, but I think we should stay together as you still can’t speak Greek.”
He made it to the park before he had to sit down, his leg feeling as if someone was trying to skin it and he was having a little trouble breathing. All it took was a few words from Sherlock and he was bordering on a panic attack and his psychosomatic limp came back worse than before.
This made John realize that Sherlock may not be the ONLY push over in the house...at least on some things.
John smiled up at the babbling detective and covered his mouth with one hand. "Shut it Sherlock. I do wish to marry you too. But with everything that is going on…I can't give you an answer yet…I'm too..." he motioned vaguely to himself.
"This coming from the man that forgets about the little things… like eating and sleeping…by the way I do hope that he remembered to feed you or rather john remembered." Mycroft remarked turning his attention back towards the children. "Ah, I see my brother and his…friend have been enabling your co-dependency…I do hope you have not been letting them sleep in the same bed. Perhaps I should make sure that they spend the school days apart at least." He remarked absentmindedly making the twins tremble.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Both twins leaned out the doorway of the bathroom and stared at the two. “We thought you were a couple.” Lucian remarked as he came out in his new clothes.
“But you broke the blender”
“I know I just can’t help it sometimes.”
Two hours later
"How did you gain access? I thought he thought you didn't like him?"
"Alright vows...vows...What do I say?" Sherlock muttered as he paced back and forth in front of the twin beds. "How do you feel about John?" Came the unexpected question from the teenager lounging on one of the beds. "I love him."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“John it’s been almost a month since we’ve heard from Sherlock. You know what happens now.” Lestrade seemed resigned to that fact as he watched Donovan head into Sherlock's room and Anderson head up the stairs.
"Not really he's holding his leg and...Yea he's crying."
Alrighty then! We have the beginnings of the end!
“And bake you a cake”
"Pictures...definitely need pictures...one to Mycroft...one to Lestrade ...one to Molly they are so sweet!" John smiled as he quietly left the room. He knew that his lover would sleep for a while yet and if the army doctor took that time to get some blogging done...well who would blame him?
Greg sighed yet again as he opened the door to 221b baker street and let the team inside.
After they purchased and changed into the clothes their mother shoved them onto yet another bus and took them to Regents park.
"Come on, I think I remember Dad telling us about the guy who survived in the woods for a week by eating bugs and using leaves as blankets."
"You think you know everything but really you only know the story they told you. You see we didn't kidnap you to harm anyone, least of all you two. We wanted to save you from Sherlock." The black haired man said making them even more suspicious. 'Why would we need saving from our father?" Lucian asked the insane man before him.
"Woah, you said no the first time?" Greg asked making John groan.
"No, no tea. Now what is in the twins room Sherlock?"
This chapter contains the aftermath of child abuse.
“Harry! How are you?” John smiled as he gave his sister a hug making the twins frown.
“Niki, where do you live?”
Trapped in your love
"Air head? That's solid vacuum." Lily remarked watching the woman run back yet again then stop and type something on her phone.
"Who the hell are you?" This obviously came out of Lily.
“It’s nice to see them like that again.” Greg said absentmindedly beside the minor government official.
"I know what you thought now watch." John smiled and walked over to Sherlock and knelt down.
Suddenly they both went quiet and through the silence Lily could hear gasping and grunting.
"Alright here's everything." Lucian grinned as he put the items on the elder Lestrade's desk. "Everything but the handcuffs."
"To keep you out of Mycrofts clutches." Lily could see the vein in his temple start to throb as he clenched his jaw.
A few hours later everyone had helped pack the entire flat up and Greg was treating them to coffee and ice cream. "So why are you moving in with Uncle Mycroft?" Lily asked.
Greg watched his lover pace his small flat and moved to sit down on the couch while he rambled.
The next morning they woke to their mother slamming the door open.
Text Message from: Unknown
The twins decided to take pity on the doctor, even though camping out did sound a little fun.
"Relax it's only a very intricate music box but if you press any of the buttons the fog changes color!" Lily managed to grumble even as she smiled. "And if it had been a bomb?" John asked then glared at the look of non-chalance that graced the girls face.
The next morning. "Alright I found the twins they are getting dressed as we speak, there is no school today so they are all coming in with me after their appointment unless you want to take one or two of them?" Greg asked in a hopeful manner as he watched Mycroft get dressed. The look on Mycrofts face was priceless and sent Greg into a fit of giggles. "I take that as a 'no' then." He giggled and imagined how 'behaved' the twins would be in one of Mycrofts meetings. "That would be a disaster of epic proportions Gregory."
Both children did not know what to say to that and just sat there silently for they have encountered such people and knew that their way of dealing with them was 'a bit not good'.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They searched for an hour before alerting Greg and Mycroft. "There are many places that they could be John…" Mycroft remarked earning him not only a glower from not only John but Greg as well. "Mycroft I know you don't understand but there are three of them. Three teenagers make a lot of noise even when they don't mean to. Silence is never a good sign Mycroft."
"ANDERSON! DONOVAN! Right here right NOW!" Lestrade shouted making everyone jump once again. "As of this second Anderson, you are suspended for two weeks." He snarled making the two pale.
“To be honest? No. I ordered x-rays for the kids and John...both kids have had numerous broken bones and fractures and judging the healing, this is over the course of their entire lives.” Sarah looked to be on the verge of tears.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Well if my help isn’t needed, I’ll be taking my leave. Have a good day.” Mycroft gave a regal nod of his head and turned on his heel to walk out the door.
Sure enough Lucian came down with the flu the next day and both twins were bed ridden and poor Sherlock was beside himself.
Lily immediately threw herself into her brothers arms only to start babbling that there was so much blood. "It's alright lil, there is no more blood."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I need an itsy bitsy favor from you two." He smiled at the twins who eyed him suspiciously. "And that would be?"
He stood there simply looking at his lover’s body until said lover gave an audible throat clear and looked pointedly at his clothes.
“No.”
"We know where the twins are..."
John sighed as he walked up the stairs. He woke to an empty bed, something that he did not especially like.
“It was your idea”
Greg blinked for a second then gave a solumn nod. "Right...So i'm NOT going to ask you if you have set a date yet because you two just got engaged and I know it drove me up the wall when I had first proposed to my wife. So now i'm going to pull your kid out of the punch bowl and ask her what she put in it..." He said then wondered towards an evil looking Lily.
"Nope not up for discussion. My lovers favorite uncle just died and I need to be there for him. And I can't leave the twins alone as that would be irresponsible (see? I learned from the last time). Now you would say that they can stay with Mycroft but he's in the Dominican Republic doing…something. And they aren't staying with my parents or Lestrade…"
"Loch nan Ealachan."
YOU DECIDE MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
"But-"
“Don’t swear in front of the children and get a towel.”
Harriet gasped at the girls language then glared, only to be glared right back at. "You don't speak to me like that little girl!"
Pressing the camera into a pillow she had brought with her, she clicked the shutter button which set off the flash and with a quick move, yanked out the battery.
"Where did you get this?" He asked gripping the paper tightly. "It was in my locker at school." Her response was muffled by the pillow. "Alright…I'm going to bring this to your father….Don't worry you and your brother aren't going anywhere!"
"So far you have berated me on numerous things regarding her and I watched as you threatened a man who had the audacity to pinch her bottom. But what I do not understand is why you are doing this. why are you defending a woman you hardly know…or is it that you do know her and I have not noticed? I know I a busy all the time and we don't really get to see each other that often…But when I am busy she is usually free…"
As they walked up stairs Lily was reminded of the school incident when John had to her that in order to help they needed to speak. "Lucian…we should tell him…" Lily whispered making Lucian pale and wrap himself up in his arms. "Luce…they can't help if they don't know."
“That big guy,”
Lily blinked in response but before she could open her mouth Kyle's shout of 'awesome!' filled the room, covering up the sneeze that escaped. "Alright no more American shows for you." Lestrade smiled as he rubbed his son's hair making him grumble.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Their night was filled with frivolity, an enormous amount of alcohol, strippers (Male strippers), three men getting arrested and one man getting chinned by Sherlock. (To be fair the man did grope the man's army doctor commenting on how much he would love HIS d...It didn't go over well.)
"How are we poor?"
They looked beautiful together and John felt a little shabby standing next to them. "Come on lets go!" Lucian smiled as he grabbed John's hand and dragged him into the ballroom.
"No idea." "Hopefully he's talking about us."
"Greg?"
I thought we were going to give him a chance? Lucian pleaded back.
"Oh Lily…Sweetheart." Sherlock said as he spied the little girl huddled into the tree roots, legs drawn up against her chest with her forehead pressed against her knees. Unfortunately her long dark hair obscured his vision of her face. "Come here sweetheart, it will be alright."
“Sir-“
"Why not?"
That is all
With that Sherlock wrapped his arms around his husbands waist and drew him into a loving kiss, even bending him over backwards in a mock of a romantic movie. "Alright you two, save something for the honeymoon!" Greg laughed even as there were a few cat-calls from John's army buddies.
"I don't care Sherlock…I'm going to check on them." John said through gritted teeth then watched as Sherlock carefully turned off the Bunsen burners, wrote a few sentences in his notebook and gave him a small smile. "Alright lets go."
"Nope you're either going by yourself or taking the dog with you."
The detective moved silently towards John and made a motion towards him, urging him towards silence then into the kitchen.
“JOHN! JOHN WAIT!” came a yell down the street and John turned to see Harry running up the street.
"Oh she's menstruating!" Sherlock almost yelled to everyone's embarrassment. "This is what I meant about sensitivity and being subtle!" John hissed. "Why? It's a natural bodily function that she has no control over. The female of nearly every kind of animal goes through it so why be subtle?" Sherlock demanded. "Probably because we females don't want it broadcast what we are going through to an entire café…Kind of like walking around with an erection." Lily said with a quirked eyebrow making the boys stare at her and Lucian groans her name in embarrassment.
“Ah, you must be the guard who decided to turn my children into criminals.” Sherlock growled at the man.
"I don't know I quite like the tent in the snow thing..." Lucian remarked earning a playful glare from John. "No devils advocate from you." He said then gave him a kiss on the head as well.
Obviously she was not as sweet and wholesome as he was led to believe.
"Lily..."
“Captain or Doctor. I haven’t been Mr. Watson since university and even that was a stretch.” John replied and looked the woman right in the eye.
"Sherlock I can't find the twins anywhere!" Molly cried as she burst through the door. "They're right here with me." Sherlock sighed as Lily waved at the mortician. "You two nearly gave me a heart attack! Don't do ever do that again!" Molly almost shouted making Sherlock glare.
John thought for a second before giving a curt nod. He would let him speak but not into the flat.
"Why are people hugging up on you?" She huffed and jabbed the man a little bit harder.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"And you are?"
"Part protecting and part spoiling eh Mycroft?" he grinned and then stared as the iceman blushed. "Yes well..we also figured that the twins may get bored at the manor and this might keep them out of trouble for a while. Also we will be picking up the Lestrades to keep them out of the cross fire and Mrs. Hudson has gone to her sisters."
"No they just woke up."
"You might have a point there...but you wouldn't be lonely." Sherlock muttered as he stirred something on the stove.
"Wait did that just come out of your mouth Mr. I'll have the last word even if it kills both of us?" John asked then pretended to faint into the couch making the twins laugh. "So theatrical…" Sherlock said with a grin. "Who left it?" Lucian asked as he started to shade in his drawing. "Good question." Lily responded then visibly jumped as someone knocked on the door.
Lucian and Lily shared a look then turned towards their father and John. “Are you going to stay for it?”
Just remember it's always darkest before dawn.
About an hour and a half later the twins were free to go, having gotten their physicals and immunizations.
"I'm just sore is all. Nothing to worry about my dear." He said and shifted a little uncomfortably. "Sherlock."
"Kids upstairs?" John asked then smiled when Greg nodded. "Alright we're going to go surprise them."
Lily stared at his back for a second before turning towards her test.
Needless to say he was on top of the world when he dropped them off to the secretary, to whom he gave instructions to hit them with a stapler if they started to act up.
"But if we have to give him up-"
"Who are you to Sherlock?" She asked suddenly as she pierced him with startling blue green eyes. John shook his head and straightened his shoulders, moving jerkily under her gaze. "Um, no offense but I don't see how this concerns you…Who are you to Sherlock?" He asked narrowing his eyes as he realized that this conversation was running along the same lines as another he had almost six years ago.
John should have known it was a bad idea from the start.
Tearing the lube packet open he knelt between his best friends legs only to hesitate. "Sherlock…it's alright." John murmured cupping his friends jaw with one hand. "But what if?" The detective asked gently with a frown. "I want this but what if it ruins everything?"
“That is mine. Do either of you two play an instrument?” Sherlock asked. Both children just stared at him. “Would either of you like to learn? It doesn’t have to be the violin.”
" See that didn't take long." He smiled then his face fell when he saw the look on Mycroft's face. "What's wrong?"
"And we can find north by?"
One day the fight got out of hand.
Lucian sat at Moriartys desk and tried to look riveted as Moriarty rambled about how work. "You see you need crime in the world unfortunately. All sunshine would make a desert and no one wants that. Did you know the last time the world was 'crime free' it sent off the dark ages?'
Then the door opened
"If I don't will you tell me to go lie by my bowl?"
DING DONG
“Yep.”
The twins slept through the next day only to wake up starving the day after. Which was completely understandable seeing as they had spent almost a fortnight in the woods following captivity with a psychotic criminal mastermind. And as soon as they woke both twins plowed through two full English breakfasts each, Lily not caring that she was eating meat. After all spending almost two weeks in the woods would get even the most determined vegan to eat anything so long as it was, in fact, edible.
"Then why would they need a therapist?" The tall detective snarled making him sigh.
"Cause of"
(See the end of the chapter for
“About fifteen years give or take.”
“Bic just to be difficult.”
He groaned and went to run a hand through his curls when he found that he could not move his arm. Looking down he saw that had been stapled to the floor. His children were definitely little devils.
“I’m going to go see if Mrs. Hudson has a spare towel. We used all of ours on the flour.” Lily remarked as she carefully moved past Mycroft to start downstairs, her brother following her closely.
If anyone had told him a few years ago that he would be helping to raise his Homosexual lovers twins he would have laughed. But at this moment he couldn't think of anyplace that he'd rather be than with his lover and the twins beside him.
Both of the twins stared at Sherlock, disbelieving what they had just seen. "I have a question for you two…" The detective trailed off as his anger depleted. "Yes?" Lucian asked with hero worship in his eyes. "How the hell did you two manage to make if from Molly's office to here without being seen?" He questioned after mentally running though the corridors. "Magic…" Lily said off handedly then signed at the look Sherlock gave her.
"Lily…you know I love your family right?"
“For as long as you wish. We do not wish to force a living situation onto you or your sister. However, I would wish to get to know both of you.” Sherlock responded making Mycroft and John stare at him yet again.
"Bet the doctor doesn't use it."
After fetching Lestrade a cup of tea and getting him to sit down John sat next to him, even as Sherlock made disgusted noises and tried to pull him into his lap. "He's always doing that you know. Running off to solve other people's problems but when I confront him about ours he acts as if nothing is wrong!" Lestrade said sadly and gazed into his tea cup. "I'm sorry…is there anything we can do?" John asked as he patted his friends hand and ignored the growl from his lover. "I don't know…Destroy his fucking phone?!" Lestrade growled making them chuckle.
Lily stared up at her father with watery eyes and threw herself against him, curling into his outstretched arms. She couldn't unburden to her brother as he was too fragile for her problems and John. Well john would want to try and fix everything that was bothering her and though she loved him for it she needed to do it herself.
At the end of the week Lily and Lucian received their course list as well as their list of items they needed for school. "Why book covers?" Lily asked in the store as John had immediately dragged them out to get the items they needed. "To keep the books clean." John responded. "And we need this stuff for today?" Lucian asked as he threw a bunch of binder paper into the shopping cart. "No but you will need them soon…school starts in three weeks so it's better to get everything now…What's next on the list?" John asked a sullen Sherlock who tore the list out of his pocket. "Highlighters and Graph paper." Sherlock and Lily said in unison, making everyone stare at her. "Show off…where's the graph paper?" Lucian asked then smiled as a grumbling Lily led him through the aisles. "Sherlock don't sulk." John said as they followed then shook his head when the detective opened his mouth. "No Sherlock they cannot be homeschooled!"
He thought then stared as John and Sherlock looked toward him to confirm the story.
alright two chapters because I...well forgot this account exists...again... I'm SORRY!! I swear I didn't mean to forget but I've had a little bit of a time with technology...it hates me...horribly.
"You're our father."
The twins spoke in rapid fire. Each question coming right after the last and each of them was directed at Sherlock who could only smile and shake his head. “Not sure about that myself but it must be most of her pay the way she acts.” He responded and led them to Lestrade’s office.
Lily blushed and he couldn't help but chuckle at her red cheeks as she stuttered a 'good bye' then fled down the hall to where her brother was waiting.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
~~__~~
"SHERLOCK!" John yelled after getting off the phone with the headmaster. "What is it?" the lanky detective asked not bothering to look up from his microscope. "We have to go to the school." John said through gritted teeth. "What happened? Are the children alright?" Normally it would warm John's heart to see such concern but he simply glared. "Oh they're fine. By the way that was their headmaster threatening to EXPELL them on their second day of classes!" John snarled slamming the phone down into the cradle.
It started out slow and gentle with Sherlock pressing soft kisses to any inch of exposed skin he could find. But soon it became not enough and he whisked away Johns shirt quickly to press opened mouthed kisses to the newly exposed skin. As much as he loved the taste of his Jawn he loved hearing him moan and groan even more. "Sherlock!" The man in question gasped when his new found lover found his nipples.
With that Amalee saw red. "Oh…my…god…GET OUT. GET OUT OF THAT BED RIGHT THIS INSTANT…GET OUT OF THIS ROOM GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" she screeched.
"No I'm fine lets get dressed and go down to breakfast."
Something in Johns pleading gaze transcended language, making the boy melt. “I live one hour, that road. But twins, they go. They come to use phone, phone no work. Twins leave. But Ya Ya. She give them food, water and bath. She try to make stay night but twins go. “Have to go.” They say, “Have to get back to papas.” Niki said as he bobbed his head.
"What do they chatter about?"
In the end John ended up with a silver wedding band in place of an engagement ring. He had said no to numerous requests and ideas including a tattoo on his forehead that said 'Taken'.
"You got it. Remember I helped him research and put it together?"
"Oh…and how do you like your father dating a man?" Deborah asked the two children honestly curious and that was the only reason she didn't get her head bitten off by anyone.
Lucian thought about it for a second before he stood up and did something that not only shocked the criminal but shook him to his core. Lucian, the hostage, HUGGED him. "Thank you for listening and I will DEFINATELY take your advice!" he said then rushed out of the room.
“To make a cake”
The Problem With Clones
Mycroft grumbled as he slid the garter up Gregory's leg then quickly retracted his hands only to see John and Sherlock taking pictures out of the corner of his eye. "Congratulations Greg!" John smiled as he walked up to give his friend a hug. "For what?"
The End of Accidental Daddy.
Sherlock and John quickly notified the cab driver that there was a change in their destination, sending him to Mycroft’s place.
"I promised Lily that I wouldn't let anything bad happen to her and when I get the chance to prove it I broke that promise and they were kidnapped!" He cried and flinched back as his father moved to comfort him.
************
The female will go out of her way to make sure no one harms him.
"Essentially lily's death would hurt a lot more but he would lose his leverage. Sherlock would hesitate if lily were Moriarty's captive as her safety would be paramount in his mind. He would hesitate to ensure her safety but if Lily was killed...." John trailed off as he hugged the girl harder. "I would hunt Moriarty down and make his worst nightmares come to fruition." Sherlock growled as he placed a protective arm around his son. "And that goes for you as well Lucian." He said as he gave a kiss to the boy’s hair who gave a half-hearted grumble of protest at the action.
John closed his eyes trying to ignore his body's reactions. "I-I'm not nervous…" He stuttered making Sherlock scoff at his obvious lie. "Yes you are…but why are you nervous?" Sherlock was like a dog with a bone with this subject and if he wasn't careful then johns answer would slip from his lips.
"Wow…this is nice!" Lily remarked as she and Lucian took seats across from their fathers. "I agree… John?" Sherlock asked quietly as the blond man sighed.
"Well I don't like it."
"Before Dad found out"
"And do you promise to keep him, love and comfort, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, for better or for worse, and to be faithful until death do you part?
"According to dad they taste like chicken..."
Sherlock sprinted down the hall and directly into 442d. "John I've..."
"He joined the art club…I don't want him there for her!" Lily announced from the bottom of the stairs. "Lily She does have custody rights…and unfortunately Lucian does have to be there as well but don't worry we won't let anything happen to either of you." Sherlock said gently making her frown. "But she doesn't want to see him…she only wants to use him as leverage to gain more money." Lily announced making her father sigh.
“Sherlock would be fine for now. Father or Dad if you wish in the future but I know that this is a big change and it will take time to get used to each other.” Sherlock replied as he placed Bartholomew back on the mantle. “From what John has said, everyone has their own hobbies. What are yours?”
"It's a secret now come along."
Soon John had Sherlock opened up and to his surprise the detective rolled them over so that he was on top. "I want to ride you."
Text Message from: Unknown
"What happened?" Kyle asked as he tried to sit up only to be pressed down again. "How are you feeling?" John asked making the boy glare. "Head hurts but other then that I'm fine…where are Lily and Lucian?" he asked making Sherlock and John share a panicked look yet again. "Mycroft…"
“No they were taking advice from someone in authority, Mr Rawson here. Now he instructed my children that they had to break into the tower control in order to see it. And seeing as he is part of the security force here, they took him at his word. Now who do you really think is at fault here? The children who were taking point from a security guard, employed by
(See the end of the chapter for
"My dog tags?"
Alright peoples that was chapter 50 of this story (I'm tearing up but don't tell) the wedding is now over and done with! woot woot no more research for me! until I decide i need too! First dance: Bound to you by Christina Aguilera (Heard this song at a wedding and thought it would be perfect for their first dance)
The next day Sherlock sat on the couch in his thinking pose, trying to figure out how to solve the issue of John and the twins' safety when Lily burst through the door.
John could hear the tears and panic threatening his lover in the detectives pleading voice. "I'm sorry love, but the only thing we can do is let the virus run its course. Try rubbing her back, my mother used to do that when ever Harry or I were sick...always made us feel better." John said as reached up to stroke his lovers neck and shoulders, trying to relieve the tension brewing. "But she's so miserable." Sherlock's voice was filled with hopelessness as the situation and it made Johns heart break a little. "I know she is love. But she's sick." The doctor said as he turned to fill a glass with water. "Here give her this and I'll be up stairs as soon as I'm done here alright?"
"Squire Trelawney, Dr. Livesey and the rest of these gentlemen having asked me to write down the particulars about Treasure Island, from beginning to end, keeping nothing back but the bearing of the Island and that only because there Is still treasure not yet lifted..."
Wanna trade? Dad is freaking out over the ceremony.
"As you wish dear."
When the kids left Lestrade handed Sherlock a file. “A total of seven bodies have turned up over the last three days. Each body had markings carved into their faces and hands. Obviously we have no idea what these markings are.”
Lily looked at Lucian who eyed John's red face. "wow madame…you're going to hell!" he said then turned around to sit back down.
"Good start but needs to be more than that...Like how you feel when he smiles or how you feel when you think of life with out him. Things like that." Lucian muttered and reached for his phone even as his father grabbed for a piece of paper and a pen.
"Who's Lexy?" Sherlock asked and Deborah turned to look at Sherlock but found herself faced with three pairs of identical eyes. It was a little disconcerting to see.
"DAMN IT!" Lily said making Anderson and Sherlock stare. "Right…" Anderson said as he backed away to flee from the children. "Well that was interesting…" Sherlock said and continued on towards Lestrades office.
“What do you mean?” Lucian asked with a tip of his head.
"Dr. Travis?"
If you walk away I will suffer tonight
....summary...smut???? idk I don't summarize very well (I'm pretty sure if you made it this far you know that but hey thanks!)
"Yes sir."
Text Message from: Sherlock
From Lily
John and Sherlock smiled at each other. "Just one big happy family."
"Yes you did. Congratulations."
"Why is that so bad? Is it because he likes tea?"
“I know I just wanted to get here as quickly as possible.”
“Yep.”
“About?”
WEDNESDAY
And the actual story continues!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I'm sorry John."
"Around seven I think…" John responded trying to ignore the warm body pressed against his as well as the breath slithering down his back. "Your pulse is racing…Why are you nervous?" the detective asked as he settled his large hands on Johns hips.
I'm sorry.
Greg nodded and laid back against Mycroft with a sigh. He knew that he was not going to be able to get into his pants tonight so he'd have to settle for a bit of cuddling.
*THUNK THUNK THUNK* came a knock on the door.
"I'm sure...Now that I know what he actually thinks of me, I'm damn sure."
"I'll take that as a yes."
“Not if I get to her first.” Lily whispered and Lucian could see the vengeance in her eyes.
Both men sighed when they thought about how romantic that would be, then Lily spoke and shattered their illusions.
________________________________________
John was laying against the pillows of the bed he shared with Sherlock, smiling to himself. He was glad that he did not have to go In early today, especially after last night's sexcapades that even now brought a blush to his cheeks.
“Orders from the chief. No one could get a hold of you and you weren’t responding to anyone. So per protocol we had to do a dru…this” Lestrade said.
Sherlock stared at John. "A pet."
The cook promptly fainted.
"They don't listen to me!"
Afterwards John stroked his best friends sweat slicked skin unable to do anything more than lie there and pant. "Give me a second and I'll stop crushing you…" Sherlock grumbled into his best friends shoulder making him chuckle. "That's alright…I don't think I'll be able to feel my legs for another week anyways….you can always just stay where you are…I have no complaint." John remarked making Sherlock laugh as he rolled them over to cuddle John.
“Alright are we going to keep doing this or actually get something accomplished today?” He snapped at them. Lucian flinched at his tone which made Lily glare.
Greg grinned at that. "Do you still have it?"
“We don’t need to be here if you don’t want us too.”
"Well your grandparents house is off limits for now so you two are coming back to stay with Mycroft and me while your parents are on their honeymoon."
“Well you took out the sensors.”
Greg stared at John. He had always thought that he and Sherlock would be the couple to make it through thick and thin. "If you're sure."
"You know one day you're going to walk into someone...or something." Kyle grinned as he pulled his friend off balance for a second.
"Hey Jawn?"
From Lucian
Lily and Lucian immediately stood and started to glance around for an alternative exit. "Are you two alright?" he asked ignoring their fear of him and taking a step closer towards his offspring.
"Yea me either...Anyways we can't do anything about it anyways. So we should just play it like we have been you the big brother and me, uber harmless. But be wary, and make sure he sees it too. He knows we have trust issues so make sure to let him think that he's winning us over little by little." Lily whispered against her brothers shoulder, feeling rather than seeing him nod.
"Room 442d...." She gasped as the tall man whirled around and ran to the lift.
“We wanted to see what it looked like.”
"Alright and how did you escape?"
John looked at Greg with amazement before Sherlock broke that bubble. "Let me guess, he needed your help but by the time you got there it was already finished? Then it was 'well you're here so let’s have dinner' excuse then he brought you back to his hotel room."
Her name was Dr. Verone and she seemed to be the nice sort and after an extensive background check (Mycroft insisted) he made an appointment for them for the following Wednesday.
"Alright so that place was a bust...Now what the hell do we do?"
The next morning a sullen Sherlock saw his children onto the school bus accompanied by a camera bearing John. "Not fair…I just got them and already their being taken away…Why?" He grumbled making John sigh. "For one it's the law all children need to go to school. Second of all they will be back in a few hours. Now let's go upstairs and I'll make you some tea alright?"
After packing the twins, Sherlock and John joined Mycroft at the front of one of his many cars while the kids took the backseat.
"Molly?"
“Why did you do that?”
"It says 'this will keep you occupied for the near future, have fun' there's no name or calling card…." John muttered then sighed as Lily waived her spoon at her father. "I say we need better locks." Lucian mumbled as he started on his drawing at the counter. "Most people I know just pick them…" Sherlock said as he started poking at the object adorning their coffee table.
"Lily I don't think their Spanish..."
“No you can’t I can take care of him!” He growled making the other man smile grimly. “Perhaps I can arrange a flight for you all if you wish.”
It was a few days later that Lily spoke to him. Asking if they could have Chinese for dinner and John couldn’t contain himself as he wrapped his arms around her shoulders
"Lily…"
"What did you talk about?" he asked earning him a smack on the shoulder from John.
"Let us commend Shamus to the mercy of God, We therefore commit his body to the ground, earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust; in the sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal Life."
That was when Greg noticed that Sherlock had not followed his kids and boyfriend out the door and the aging DI turned to see the Consulting Detective leaning against the wall, staring at him.
"I don't know Luce, it's always the quiet towns that are filled with murderers. You hear about them all the time how tourists would 'go missing' and it turns out that the whole town would be in on it." Lily remarked back making him incline his head in agreement.
The very next day John jumped on the phone and started trying to find a child therapist for the twins. He called many of them but only found one willing to rearrange her schedule to fit them in.
"Or tea pot"
"…yes."
From Lily
“Even so Lil. You should have told
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
She grinned and ran towards the man, her thick black boots pounding the pavement in a steady cadence until she jumped and wrapped herself around the man she had not seen for almost two years
finally the twins get reunited with john and Sherlock...because I've grown tired of keeping them apart. I know probably should draw it out a little more but I feel kind of bad for them. So here's a short reunion chapter, the next one is going to be all fluffiness and feels
heard a stupid joke I hope you like.
"Lets see...A teapot...no sorry an entire tea set...how the hell? Never mind...A flask... a pair of handcuffs...I don't think dad wants those back now that I REALLY think about it...a baton and...really?"
“Cause no one uses those machines!” Sherlock grumbled as he stood up to glare at his brother. “What do you want?”
Normally such an action on her part would not be cause for concern but even through the fog of his mind palace Sherlock could see the blood that stained his daughters face and arm before she collapsed against the wall.
~~_~~!
From Lily
AHOY! END OF SMUTTINESS!
Both were fast asleep.
"Ta…care to share?" John asked with a smile that faded when he took a good look at the expression on the girls face.
John and Greg shared a cab to Greg’s old flat. He hadn't needed it since he and Mycroft had gotten together. "Alright this is the sitting area, the kitchen, bathroom and the bedroom... That's about all you need to know really." Greg sighed and scratched his head. It was a weird feeling being back. Come to think of it he hadn't been back in over three months. Did that mean that he and Mycroft were living together now?
Niki gave John a blank smile then turned towards Sherlock, obviously hoping for a translation.
“Would that make it harder or longer to do?” The boy asked, peaking around his sisters naked shoulders to the army doctor.
"I want you Sherlock..." he groaned as Sherlock lubed up his fingers and started to open him up.
“Well first you both need full physicals and then shots. I’ll describe everything before I do anything so neither of you are surprised at what happens alright?”
“They’re alive and well. So what did you want?” Sherlock asked, now annoyed.
Harriet frowned at that and leaned past John to look at the kids before grabbing his arm and pulling John away.
~~~~~~______________~~~~~~
Soon though the twins had to leave so Lucian made a makeshift bag out of his tee-shirt and safety pins that he had stolen from Lily's skirt to put the berries in.
The twins blinked slowly before giving a shy smile. "Some art stuff would be nice." Lucian smiled gently as his sister thought it over. Only he could see the wheels turning in her head. "A few disposable cameras would be cool."
Thank you all who commented on this story! It's really made my day (seriously I get a 'you got mail' noise from my phone and my face lights up but its usually just spam >.
“They have a cinnabon”
"And you Lily…where the hell did you get the paint from?" He asked making her flinch back. "Recreation room." She muttered and slouched down making herself appear to be smaller.
“Doesn’t seem right.”
"Tell me what you remember before you were knocked out."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^___^~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~`
(See the end of the chapter for
After the incident at the loch John took his family to the village where he treated them to ice cream and Lucian to a bag of ice for his hand. "Do all small towns have a village idiot?" Lily asked as she licked her ice cream making John laugh. "I don't know but I know this one always had one…it's genetic." He laughed and gave her a hug.
"EMP?"
"Done and became boring."
From Lucian
"What is it?" The girl asked, eager to please her new friend. "Where is your brother?" He asked and instead of letting out a giggle the teenager scoffed at his question. "Who cares?"
Suddenly the doors opened and they both tensed, ready to bolt but then collapsed against each other in tears as their fathers came running towards them.
"So How do you think it went?" John asked getting a shocked expression from his lover. "Fine…you didn't tell us that you served with him in Afghanistan nor that you saved his life either. "
"Alright Greg has a big night in front of him as we aren't helping him move into Mycroft's place. Now come along kids say thank you and good bye." John smiled and as always was in complete control of the situation. "Sherlock don't be long."
"Alright, what is it?"
"Alright time for some very uncomfortable bed."
“The travesty!” Sherlock teased and then his heart leapt as she gave a tiny smile.
John waited until Sherlock removed the hand from his mouth. "You love me?"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They then stepped back and then watched the coffin as the priest say a few words about the individual that lay inside of it.
one of the twins is sick, Sherlock has no idea what to do...also this WILL be the last chapter for a while as its all I have written but I will try and update it as much as the other site :)
“Alright first leg is over, who’s hungry?” John asked making Sherlock grumble. “Ignore that, Your father has the appetite of a five year old and now that I think about it, the taste buds of one as well” John laughed even as Sherlock push him, not noticing the twins slowing down and putting a little distance between them.
