Harold boomed a laugh and Pepper shook her head, eyeing Tony with a fond if critical eye.
~*~*~
He needed a drink, which was perfect because somehow, he’d made his way toward the beer barrels he realized as the kitchen girl Hortense shoved a full foaming mug into his hands with a bright smile.
"You poor lambs. To be betrayed by a parent - the very person whose duty it is to lead by example and protect you from the treachery of the world - it's dreadful."
"Stefen, I did what Nik wanted because I saw the same thing. Alright, not right away, but I hoped for it. You can't deny that you both want the same things."
She’d been as small as Maria when Father had first brought his mother to live with them. Harry used to make fun of the way she talked but Mother had said that was just because the Osborns were stuck up. Baka wasn’t wealthy and she was foreign and people looked down on that sort of thing. But Natacha had always thought there had to be more to it. She wished she was wrong but she knew she wasn’t.
“Péter!” Tony exclaimed once more, feeling staggeringly light headed and fearing he might drop to the cobblestones like a sack of bricks. “Péter!”
“Not a cheerful fellow, is he?” he called out, loudly enough to carry through the window.
“Do not talk about my wife Stark!” Stefen snarled, closing the remaining distance between them to loom over him threateningly but Tony stood his ground.
"I’m glad you made it.” he said just as quietly in return, reaching up to smooth the rumpled shoulder of Tony’s jacket. A painfully banal gesture, but it allowed him to feel Tony’s body without making contact and smell his aunt’s soap while scent and body remained intact. Neither was guaranteed to last any longer than the other, and Steve needed the reassurance of both.
'I live every day hoping you don't come to your senses,' Tony says as he pulls an eager, naked, Captain America into the shower with him.
'Captain America's cowl is blue,' Steve replies.
'You're not going to figure this out tonight, are you?' Steve gazes up at him.
'They always do,' Tony shrugs. 'Single until proven guilty.'
'He's healthy; the serum changed you fundamentally,' Bruce reassures him, 'the illnesses you had as a child won't be passed on to your children.'
'Because he's Captain America and Dada is his favourite,' Pete tells them.
“And he asked you to be his babysitter?” Sam asked incredulously.
“Well, Peter did,”
“Pepper, it’s fine. I’ve got all of this under control. Go home and get some rest before you pop a blood vessel,” the billionaire tossed back the rest of his drink and dropped the glass into the sink.
Of course, that didn’t stop Bucky from falling, quite literally, into the enemy’s hands yet again. Although this time he had been announced killed in action. Rogers had seen the lackey who shoved him off of the speeding train into oblivion with his own eyes, and even his stubborn demeanor couldn’t bring someone back to life. His friend’s death had forced him into fighting even harder. He was convinced if he was stronger, had done better, he might’ve been able to save the man who had meant the most to him.
He'd only been half paying attention to her explanation so when he approached the art room, he was immensely grateful for the bright, garish sign hanging on the door. Only stopping for a second to ponder what kind of cardigans an old man with the name 'Mr. Rogers' was parading around in, he shoved the door aside. His eyes zeroed in on his son, who was currently sitting at the table and drawing something that looked suspiciously like the Millenium Falcon.
Art was no fun with rigid instructions, so Steve tended to give a general prompt and an art supply, then let them do whatever they wanted. After all, they spent the entire day forced to listen to boring teachers prattle on all day about math and english and history. Sue him for wanting to give them something free of rules. Rules were for chumps.
“I...guess you’re right, Peter,” Steve sighed, putting his hands on his hips and hanging his head in defeat. “I’ll lock this place up and meet you there.”
Maybe it had been shortsighted of him to agree to be Peter's babysitter last week. He had thought that he would watch the boy for an afternoon or two if at all, and that would be that.
“Good afternoon, everybody! How was your day at school?” Steve started every class the same way, figuring it was a good enough way to grab everybody’s attention.
Tony had thought about warning the babysitter before he got home, but after witnessing what he did, he was glad he didn’t. There was something about seeing the man interacting with the light of his life and making Peter smile like it was nothing that made him feel like a ridiculous teenage girl. Natalie hadn’t been a bad babysitter in the slightest, but she certainly hadn’t been on the same level of dedication as Steve helping his son create a mini city in the living room for Peter to play superhero in.
“Aww, did you miss us, Stevie?” Bucky teased, kicking his feet up on the coffee table. “If you wanted to see me that bad you didn’t need to make up an emergency for it.”
What, with Stark running into Ned’s parents and immediately throwing himself into a conversation with them. Which had been a surprise for not only Steve, but Mr. and Mrs. Leeds, as well. There were twin looks of shock written across their faces as someone who they’d only seen on a television screen beforehand was asking if their son could come over tomorrow and build a Lego Death Star.
Pacing was definitely a more desirable habit to pick up than Tony’s penchant for getting shitfaced and singing Queen songs on top of tables.
Tony wished he could sue the shit out of whoever took this picture, but it technically hadn’t broken any rules. Peter’s face was obscured in the picture, there was no telling if it was actually his son or not, despite that line of thinking being entirely braindead. Of course it was his son, why the fuck would he be holding some other random six year old from the Community Center?
“I haven’t a clue what you’re talking about,” Tony lied, poking at the circuits attached to the fingers of the arms and making them jump.
“Jarvis, I told you to tell me if something was wrong, why the hell didn’t you tell me anything was wrong?” Tony missed the way Natalie’s annoyance briefly rose to the surface at being completely ignored.
Peter wasn’t hurt once, JARVIS hadn’t a single notice for him either day.
He jogs up to the front doors of the tower and rolls his shoulders as he crosses the foyer to the lift.
*          *          *
He loves this man. He cannot let Steve have a bad experience with this; Steve deserves everthing he can give and more.
'Coffee is important for brain function in adults,' Steve grins at him.
'I've got you,' Tony murmurs back.
'When you get back,' Steve wipes his hand against his open slacks so he can type two handed again, 'can we reenact this?'
'Hey, Tony,' Steve smiles up at him.
Not massive ones, but still enough that I feel I should warn for them.
Well there's some logic for you.
'You wouldn't have wanted this either, if I'd asked you a couple of days ago.'
'Right,' Tony agrees before scowling suddenly. 'Jarvis, get me one of those child-sized crash-test dummies.'
He misses Tony terribly even though his day probably wouldn't have been any different if Tony were home.
'I do,' he nods. 'Because it is. He's just starting to find things that he enjoys; I can't rip that from him and hand him a baby.'
'You were building a generator for Doctor Richards,' Jarvis tells him.
'You have always been better at caring for others than for yourself,' Jarvis adds.
He hears her laugh before the call is dropped.
Tony arrives freshly showered and shaved as Pete finishes his food. Steve immediately holds up the coffee jug as an offering and Tony makes a happy noise in his throat as his mug is refilled.
'Yeah,' Tony summons up a smile as he steps over to the lift.
'Do you want the Jaeger or the Panerai?' Pepper has moved away to pick up two watches.
Steve gets the impression that Pepper finds looking after the two of the them positively relaxing after being responsible for Tony.
'Yes, Captain,' Jarvis confirms. 'My presence now stretches across much of this floor.'
'You don't call me Steven,' Steve teases.
Tony opts to leave for a quick shower to try and relieve the tension.
Pete is silent for a moment,
'Have you been awake all night?' Steve blurts.
'Jarvis,' Steve turns to root through the kitchen as Pete turns his attention to the entire zoo of plastic animals Tony bought, 'shouldn't there be people working on Pete's room?'
'The north east corner of this room will be the correct location for deployment,' Jarvis adds images to his display.
The charging net deploys beautifully, just as he designed it, and glows a soft white colour when it starts to transmit power to the sensors below.
'How about your second favourite, baby?' Tony takes pity.
Tony nods and takes a large swallow of coffee,
'Noted,' Tony sighs.
It doesn't work.
'He didn't answer,' Tony shrugs. 'I left a message.'
Steve contemplates slamming his head repeatedly into his kitchen cupboard.
'Yeah,' Tony isn't looking at him either. 'Look, Steve, there's something I...'
'I thought you were...'
'You have questions,' Tony waves a hand. 'Jarvis had to threaten to shoot you to keep me from going completely off the rails, you deserve some answers. So, one time offer, shoot.'
'I would love to see those,' Steve breaks into a grin.
'I'm the man with a plan,' Steve agrees absently. 'What plan?' he asks a moment later.
*          *          *
'You're so warm,' Tony informs him.
‘You believe you can do this?’ Jarvis asks and then continues after a pause, ‘very well, Dummy. Captain, Dummy believes he can activate the arc reactor. I suggest you allow him space to work.’
'You should go back to your meeting.'
'No,' he sniffs and rubs his eyes, 'but Jarvis does.'
Tony's wearing sunglasses but Steve's pretty sure his pupils have just dilated,
'Ahh... Can Tony...?'
‘Yes, Ms. Potts.’
'Good boy,' Tony smiles at his bot and then engrosses himself in his work.
'Hello, Captain,' Jarvis is nearly as clear as at home. 'Peter was convinced to explore the Mansion by Mister Pennyworth, who agreed to accompany him.'
'That's why Jarvis is our favourite, Pete,' Tony declares expansively.
Tony can't help smirking a little when Steve looks up. The blonde blushes but grins and averts his eyes as he stands up as well.
'Will it hold us up?'
'Tony, come down,' he tries again.
'And the data?' Fury clasps his hands together as he looks between them.
‘As you shouldn’t,’ Tony starts picking his way though the workstations and fiddling with things. ‘I thought, after Dummy, that I’d try an AI that knew more from the beginning. With Jarvis I basically installed my database into his head. As it turns out a shiny new consciousness that’s just becoming self-aware will freak out quite spectacularly if it knows that much but has no memory or, well, anything to hang on to.’
'Call me Pepper,' she shifts her gown around her shoulders.
Tony grins and gets up long enough to strip completely; he pulls off the last of Steve's clothes as well before resuming.
'Steve, when was the last time I disappeared into my workshop for days at a time?'
'Sure, I can do that.'
Rhodey looks constipated.
He can do that.
'But what was she like?'
'What the fuck?' Clint just looks bewildered.
Fives minutes after that a disheveled super soldier walks into his eye line looking gorgeous and lost.
Tony hums and scratches his neck,
'I think you'll like it when you're older,' he grins and sits up to topple Pete to his side.
'Well, it will be a shame to have no reason to be in your room anymore; you're such a charmer in the mornings.'
'Jay, put something child friendly on.'
‘I’m Captain America,’ Steve declares, hoping for a smile, ‘of course I have magic hugs.’
'Do you want me to shut up and just keep hugging you?'
'I am sorry for not telling you.'
It's the early hours of the morning when the lights where Steve's eating breakfast adjust and some music starts playing. If Steve didn't already know what that meant the coffee machine turning on would be a pretty big clue.
'Uh, hello?'
'Thanks,' he sets off.
'Hey, what is it?'
'Good,' she smiles. 'Keep me updated on Rhodey's eta?'
'Right, that might have helped,' he concedes.
He is certain that trust is the issue here; it can’t be an OCD germ thing or putting the item down wouldn’t solve anything, so he must be half expecting to be grabbed or something. Steve tries not the dwell on all the possibilities that could make Tony react this way.
Reassured Steve smiles and joins them.
'Yeah?'
'The basics first,' that's Tony's PR smile, 'do you want to change his name?'
'Yes,' Steve agrees readily, 'yes, ok, let's go.'
Steve follows obediently. Upstairs he lets Tony strip him of the rest of his uniform and push him into the shower. He half expects to be joined, but Tony waits for him to finish before taking his turn.
'Oh, Pete,' Steve pets his hair as he hugs him to his chest, 'he's just downstairs.'
'Welcome back, sir,' Jarvis' adjusts the lights. 'Would you like me to turn on the coffee machine?'
Pepper turns to smile at him as Tony stands beside her and strips off his top. Steve's eyes widen as Tony promptly strips off his boxers as well and takes the coffee from Pepper as he steps around her to get fresh underwear.
‘Sir is stable enough now for us to work on the spare arc reactor,’ Jarvis tells him and Steve is not imagining the relief in his tone. ‘Dummy don’t… that was unnecessary, Dummy.’
'He did say something about not wanting me to prefer Jim to Pete,' Steve recalls.
It's so hard to imagine that this nervous little boy could ever become Tony Stark as he knows him now.
'I told him,' Tony confirms. 'He didn't take it very well.'
Tony turns his wide eyed gaze on Steve,
Steve pulls him tight against his side and presses his nose into Tony's hair. Tony presses a kiss to his chest before stretching such that Steve can feel him all down his side. He shifts so he's laying on Steve's chest now, with one leg between Steve's, and rests his head on his arms as he gazes down with a small smile.
'I don't,' he agrees quickly, 'no, Steve is... But this is my kid, Pep; aren't I supposed to do everything I can to provide for him?'
'I'll be there all night! I'm not leaving him for that long.'
Steve rakes a hand through his sweaty hair and heaves a sigh as he catches his breath,
'Don't call me Rogers,' Steve tells him, but he's grinning now.
'It's... like déjà vu,' Tony speaks against Steve's chest. 'Like I've lived this before. I have... I remember living this day twice before.'
Later in the story Tony knows he's looping but continues to sleep with Steve. Steve loves it each and every time and of course he consents, but he might not if he knew he wasn't going to remember. -- In this verse Steve is still mostly a virgin so anything Tony does with him is new, it probably isn't fair that Tony does it knowing Steve won't remember.
'Cap,' Pete tugs on his pant leg, 'I want my elephant.'
'It's maybe fair?' he grins as drills another hole.
'Of course, sir,' Jarvis just sounds amused.
'Fine,' Tony tips his head curiously, 'what is it that I do best?'
'Dada!' Pete squirms as soon as Tony comes into view and runs to his father's side.
'Hey,' he replies quietly. 'Go back to sleep.'
'Anal?' Tony presses a kiss to his nose. 'No, not for your first time. You want to be the catcher though, in future? That's good. I mean I'm versatile; I'm good at it all but if we're talking preferentially I'd rather play dominant.'
‘Sir is in his workshop,’ Jarvis tells him.
'I do have digital copies of many of sir's baby photos,' Jarvis tells him.
'Flow of zen?' Steve grins.
At one point Steve feels that he and Jarvis are both on the verge of tears from just not being able to communicate enough. Steve does not understand technical language and Jarvis, for all his brilliance, is not used to dealing with anyone other than Tony. And it is fair to say Tony is quite a bit smarter than Steve when it comes to technology.
The world spins a little.
'Yeah, it gave off some weird readings,' Tony rolls his shoulders and straightens up.
His car?!
Tony turns away again without a word.
'Come on, baby,' he crosses the room and carefully lifts his son into his arms while trying to avoid touching Steve's thigh.
‘Instructions, sir?’
He takes Pete over to the sofa in the corner and helps him arrange his animals on the floor,
'Oh, well, I am sorry,' he smirks and steps away to plate up the toast.
'Of Tony or of his son?' Natasha asks.
He doesn't let go.
He straightens his suit just as the doors open to Steve's floor.
'Our Gatekeeper, Heimdall, keeps watch over all of the nine realms,' Thor smiles. 'I requested that he keep me apprised of the continued wellbeing of my Midgardian brothers in arms.'
'Yes,' he agrees eventually, 'because he gives hugs and makes breakfast, but Jarvis is my very next favourite.'
The fingers of the suit relax and the repulsors power down.
‘Bond marathon,’ Clint replies.
'Because Stark doesn't know how to be in a relationship that doesn't hurt him,' she tells him shortly.
'That we're a terrible match,' he tells her with a glance to his closed sketch book.
'Oh, I'm going to kill him!'
'Here, Tony,' Steve waves him to a chair, 'coffee for you and milk for Pete.'
He gives his team mate a look and Clint grins back shamelessly,
'He doesn't need to know,' Tony shrugs.
'Sorry,' he peppers his face with kisses, 'you don't like it; I won't do it again.'
'Anything?' Steve murmurs.
‘Mmm, coconut,’ Tony grins, and then eyes Steve as he pushes the generator aside with his foot and gets to his feet.
To tease or not to tease.
'Captain Rogers is about to enter hearing range,' Jarvis reports.
'Yeah,' he grimaces. 'Well, he's mine.'
Steve has to take a photo.
'Steve,' Tony's voice has gentled, 'I can assure you that you can call me anytime.'
‘Tony,’ Steve smiles even as he looks carefully at the jagged wound on his temple, ‘you’re late home.’
'Of course,' Pepper almost wishes it were a socially acceptable time to drink.
'Come on,' he holds out his hands and then lifts Pete into his arms, 'I'll take you to your Dada.'
Steve only finally relaxes a couple of minutes later when Tony presses the arc reactor into place.
‘Sir, I believe Captain Rogers may be in shock,’ Jarvis reports and Steve notices his hands are shaking enough that the water from his mug is sloshing over the sides.
Tony’s repairing his armour when Steve gets back from debriefing. There is a large ice pack on his shoulder as well as a brace, which makes Steve feel better.
'What would you do, Steve? I think you'd tip your head back; you'd expose your neck to my attentions. I bite harder and you whimper and push yourself into my hand.
Pete grins triumphantly.
Tony rakes a hand through his hair and glances to the incubator in the corner.
'I can't imagine why you've kept him hidden until now.'
Tony eats a little before becoming distracted by something on his tablet. Pete doesn't seem to mind his father's distraction; he's chattering happily about his new toys.
'Cap, relax,' he laughs. 'It's fine; saves me the bother of calling them all in again.'
'Jogging isn't my thing,' Tony replies easily, 'but I'm sure I can think of an activity we could do together that'll work up a sweat.'
‘He’s a program,’ Steve scowls, ‘that’s what Pepper said.’
'It is quarter to seven, sir.'
Tony sits up and his son slips into his lap,
'Come on.'
'Jarvis has created him a back story,' Tony adds. 'Born to a surrogate and living with me in secret. I just need to choose a name and he can falsify all the birth records. Any problems from Fury and I unleash the pack of SI lawyers..'
'It's ok,' Pete tells him, 'we're Starks so we don't need anyone else.'
Steve hitches a leg up further and rests it up over Tony's waist.
‘So we’re going to New York?’
Steve waits several long seconds,
'That dog... Danvers?'
'It's incredible, Tony. How do you find the time?'
He accepts the reprieve,
'Please,' Steve gasps. 'Please. Tony, I want this with you. Please.'
That's good too.
'Chocolate,' Pete beams.
'I was going to turn in,' Steve tells him. 'What about you?'
'He didn't hit me, if that's what you're asking,' he replies. 'He ignored me for the most part; told me to keep out of his way. If he knew that Maria... what was happening, then he never let on.'
'Are you hitting on me? It's working.'
'Well, you'd have to work it out between you.'
He’s fiddling with a tablet that he’s most likely stolen from Pepper and rubbing absently at his arc reactor.
'Look who's here Pete,' Tony reappears with his son freshly dressed and perched on his hip.
He all but pulls Tony into bed that night and holds on tight.
'You're welcome,' Tony sounds smug.
'No,' his laugh sounds strange, 'I don't. And I know that you know I don't.'
When Pepper arrives she’s as white as a sheet. Steve told her over the phone that Tony is fine now and is just sedated so her reaction is strange.
'Whenever Pete wakes up,' Tony replies. 'Jarvis, bump it up half a percent and run the numbers again.'
*          *          *
'Farewell!' Thor waves as Clint just grins.
'But you love your dada; so you'll allow it,' he taps his eye piece. 'Where's your brother?'
Anything could happen.
'I'm not going to keep them apart!' Tony slumps against the bar.
'We're playing cars,' Pete tells him.
'I'll get a doctor,' he half rises but Tony's already shaking his head.
'Of course, sir.'
'Oh, thank you Jarvis,' he can see Pepper blushing.
Tony looks suddenly so innocently surprised that Steve can't help but smile.
‘Tony?!’ Steve shouts rather unprofessionally.
'Tony, will the suit protect you if it goes off next to you?' Steve asks even as he joins the two assassins in exiting the area while still fighting the remains of the gang.
‘Figures,’ Tony snorts and scowls at Steve.
'Again with the positive thinking.'
has given me a better translation so I have edited the chapter. Thank you :-)
'Yeah, but this was different,' Tony tells her. 'I thought this through.'
He watches Pete walk away talking to Jarvis using his own ear bud before collecting what turns out to be a cold coffee,
'Hmm,' Tony responds. 'Yeah. I was only checking over some data I've been sent. I think I'll have this working...'
Steve hopes the sudden warmth he feels at the mere concept of having a family doesn't show on his face,
In the kitchen he pours Pete a beaker of milk and refills his coffee.
'Sir has learned that few choose to stand by him for long,' Jarvis replies quietly.
'Please,' Steve actually begs, 'please, Tony. I will never let this happen again. Not with Pete and not with Jim...'
Tony catches him with his left arm and pulls him back against the suit as the right gauntlet steadies them.
'Is there more work you need to do?' Steve asks as they eat.
'Because given half a chance Tony will fall for him, and fall hard, but probably still not tell him the truth,' Rhodey groans.
'Everyone stop talking,' Tony complains without opening his eyes.
'Not just yet, Captain,' Jarvis replies. 'He is awake, however.'
'I don't know if Cap would be able to drive your car,' he grins, 'but I'm sure you'll be able to convince any of the other Avengers to join you.'
'Oh, you're on the video feed?' Tony stalls.
'We all know this is about trying to win the war. We can't do that without bullets and bandages, tanks and tents. That's where you come in,' he summons up a winning smile to emphasise his speech. 'Every bond you buy will help protect someone...'
There's a moment of silence before the AI continues,
'What am I supposed to do with it?'
'Ok, you know he has a little boy and another on the way?' she waits for him to nod. 'The first, Peter, is a clone of Tony himself but the second, who he's going to call Jim, is biologically Tony and Steve's.'
*                                  *                                  *
'Nah,' Tony leans into his side, 'it's gone across well. Stocks have actually taken a small jump.'
Steve's eyes flicker open and he smiles sweetly,
'Does she like waffles?'
Steve makes himself finish preparing his dinner and then put it into the oven before he calls.
'Jay, proof read and then release,' Tony stands up and sheds his jacket and tie. 'If there's nothing else, Ms Potts, I'm heading back to the workshop.'
'Look, I like Cap,' Tony gestures vaguely. 'We're getting along alright and he's settling in better now. I don't think suddenly having a child is going to help. And having a child with me? When we're only just at the stage were he feels he can tease me? And with him coming from the 40s? No, it'll throw him off his stride when he's only just found it.'
‘Oh,’ Steve had been hoping for a little more time. ‘No. I guess I’ll see him now then.’
‘Is he ok?!’
'Tony,' he's glancing at the gun turrets, 'God, Tony, do you really think I'd hurt him?'
'No,' Steve shakes his head, 'it's fine.'
The man stares at him, blinks and then says a very bad word,
'Captain,' Jarvis responds promptly, 'you are up late. What can I do for you?'
Disappointment and shouting and pain. The only variable is the intensity.
'I bet she didn't say it was a suggestion,' Tony takes his coffee from Steve.
'Do I need to go back to the Tower?' Steve asks quietly.
There's no response initially; Tony is operating on autopilot as he continues to work on something on his tablet. He drinks some of his coffee and finally looks up and around.
'Hang it on the wall?' he can hear Jarvis' amusement.
'Eggs,' Pete tells them. 'Thor says eggs will make me grow.'
It shouldn't surprise him that Jarvis would handle surveillance for Tony.
'I'm sorry?' he starts to pull away only for the blue eyes to widen and to suddenly have a super soldier latched around his chest.
'Avengers merchandise!' Tony grins suddenly and waves a hand across the table making all the images disappear and new ones form. 'Some of the things I authorised are brilliant!'
Jarvis falls in step with him as he walks to the Mansion entrance. Alfred opens the doors as they reach the top step,
'Sorry, Steve,' Bruce tells him, 'but we do worry that you... well... don't have that many friends.'
*          *          *
Her name is Tammi and he remembers sleeping with her in DC a few years ago.
'That's good to know,' Steve sounds a little strange but Tony's too busy right now to wonder about it.
‘You’re still here!’ Steve blurts pointlessly.
Clint laughs but Pete doesn't see how it's funny.
‘Tell him, I’m sorry, ok? Tell him whatever it was I said that upset him; I’m sorry. Tell him that he needs to come out and eat something, please? And tell me what he says, please.’
‘He does. He has never actually done so however, though he has watched sir many times.’
Tony smiles and closes his eyes as he relaxes into his partner's arms.
'So this is good for more than just Stark Industries?'
'Hello, baby,' he looks over to the couch.
Two days after Clint and Natasha arrive, Pepper leaves to join Tony where he apparently got waylaid in Paris.
Hulk huffs and drops a mangled thug at Steve's feet.
'Thank you,' Steve smiles as he turns on the phone
Steve shakes his head with a smile and turns back to making breakfast.
'Better than making the guy think he imagined your flirting.'
'Sir is worried he will not be good at this; his own upbringing was far from stellar.'
Tony is still sleeping though and they start trading off on who sits with him as he recovers.
'Relax,' Tony nods vaguely, his mind still spinning, 'sure.'
'You shall sleep first, little warrior, ' Thor smiles.
'Sir, I do not have any records of you having made a generator for Doctor Richards.'
'Pepper is going to be so mad at me,' Tony grins manically as he jogs the last few feet to hammer on Bruce's door. 'She's going to love you though. Come Brucey-boo! Time to go home!'
'He meant to name him after me, didn't he?'
*                                  *                                  *
'Dada?'
'Really? A half-assed attempted coup?'
Steve dithers as Jarvis picks up the bag of toys from the trunk.
Steve does realise how utterly pathetic that sounds.
'My friends!' Thor stands and stretches his arms out, 'I am glad to see you all again!'
'Do you want me to move?' Tony looks at him closely.
'Umm..'
'Stay here,' he gets pushed behind a desk and the man makes the other people in the shop go out of the door. 'Kid, I can't get the guards to put your Dad's name over the tannoy; there would be a riot.'
‘And if you never remember?’
'Ms Potts,' he stumbles to a stop.
Steve feels strangely lonely after he leaves the penthouse. It's incredible how much he already adores that little boy and his regard for Tony has reached new heights after seeing him as a father.
Bruce is allowed to mention Howard because he's Tony's favourite.
'What about him?' he glances to where Steve is standing beside one of his other cars with his arms crossed.
‘Did they miss you?’ Steve smiles.
Maybe he should ask Tony.
'Welcome back, Captain Rogers,' Jarvis greets him.
'That sounds like the sort of logic he'd go in for,' Natasha smiles.
‘Right,’ Steve rushes to take the generator from You and presses the device at the end of the cable from the generator into place in Tony’s chest. He watches in desperation as Tony’s whole body shudders and falls limp again. ‘Jarvis, what do I do?’
'Thanks, Jay,' he steps out from the spray and stares at himself in the mirror. 'I may need a pep talk when Pete goes down for his nap.'
'Hey, Pep,' Tony greets her.
Tony nips at his lips before pulling back just far enough to knock back the rest of his drink,
Bruce shrugs,
Way to prove that you are fatherhood material, Rogers, just walk out when things get tough.
'This is pretty good, Tony,' Steve adds.
'Sounds good,’ he renews his efforts to smile back. ‘I was thinking; if you're going to be working I might take Pete out for a few hours? I mean, if that's ok?'
Steve shakes his head and follows.
So much of this conversation makes no sense to Steve.
What did I do? Is the first thought to crash across Tony's mind; Dummy immediately reacts negatively to the mere suggestion. 'You're as loyal as you are stupid, Dummy,' he tells the bot as he gazes at a nervous looking super soldier.
'Oh God!' Steve moans and Tony watches as his abs clench. He moves to lick away the liquid beading at the tip of Steve's cock and earns himself another whine.
‘Yeah,’ Tony huffs and drops his head back against the wall. ‘Cap, get them to bring my armour up to me, will you?’
Steve nods again, still staring at the floor,
'He's my son,' Tony declares as he strides into the room looking like he just stepped out of a high rollers' casino.
'Isn't worth the possibility of a happy, lasting, romantic relationship with the father of your son?'
'Anything for you, sweetcheeks,' Tony pats his chest vaguely and falls quiet again.
'You taste great.'
Natasha and Bruce duck out of his way leaving Steve and Clint to be caught in the hug.
There's a pause where Pepper just smiles at him.
'Baby, I would never just leave you,' Tony looks up at them beseechingly.
Tony kissed him. And Tony is selfless in some ways, but he’s not likely to have thought that Steve would have wanted that to be their last interaction. Tony didn’t kiss him because he thought Steve wanted him to. So Tony kissed Steve because Tony wanted to.
'Pepper was never
*          *          *
*          *          *
‘Certainly, sir.’
‘Sir!’ the AI’s voice is raised but calm. ‘You are fine. You are in your tower with Captain Rogers.’
'What the hell took them so long?' Tony grins and grabs his tablet back up. 'Get them in on this call.'
What small boy doesn't want his mother?
Steve does at least laugh a little at that.
Steve bites his lip and grips hard on the console as he watches Tony work. Natasha and Clint stay outside and Steve guesses it's to give them some privacy; he appreciates it.
'Jarvis nearly shot you!'
That sounds fair.
'I bet you were a cute kid,' Steve smiles at him.
Steve makes him breakfast, even though it's well into the afternoon, and sits with him as he eats it.
'Of course, sir,' the guns retract.
'Always work to do,' Tony closes his eyes. 'But tomorrow's all for you, pet.'
'You owe Cap an apology, Jay,' Tony announces as he pours a scotch one handed; Steve is still gripping the other.
Steve tries not to sigh audibly and then freezes when he sees the blank look is back on Tony's face,
Tony stands up and shifts Pete onto his hip,
His blood is pounding in his ears as he pulls short gasps of air into his lungs,
'Jay, you're such a ray of fucking sunshine.'
'Where are you going?' Steve interrupts.
'You think?'
'Sure,' Tony blags it and grabs his phone knowing Jarvis will bring up the answer without being asked, 'signed Avengers posters, one of my cars, a month's loan of my yacht and a prototype for the next StarkPhone with personal tech support for a year.'
'Proximity,' Jarvis replies.
‘Alright,’ Steve agrees nervously. They’ve never planned their flying together; normally Steve is busy falling or needing a lift somewhere in battle. This seems more intimate.
Tony leans back far enough to stare into Steve's face.
I have rewritten this several dozen times...
This is simultaneously brilliant news and a little daunting.
'I'm not going to keep them apart,' Tony points out. 'They'll see each other all the time.'
Pepper rolls her eyes at him but gives him a fond smile before disappearing back out of the door.
'Of course I want you,' Tony scoffs and pours himself another coffee.
'Just running the numbers on an idea I had for the Quinjets,' Tony tips the screen towards him as if any of it will mean anything to him.
'We could watch that movie I wasn't paying attention to before,' Tony grins.
'There's speculation about his mother,' Pepper glances over to where Pete is digging out all his cars and ignoring them. 'And some photos have appeared which seem to show you near a hospital recently?'
He had been given a file before the whole issue with Loki but that mostly concerned Iron Man and the capabilities of the suit. Tony and his grand array of personality quirks were left out.
'He left,' he shrugs and looks away.
'Sorry, sir.'
Steve does not feel trained for this.
The look of concentration on Pete's face is truly adorable.
‘You’ve done a number on this, Big Guy. I’ll salvage the metals from it though,’ he puts it down on the side and returns his attention to the coffee machine.
‘Ha ha.’
'Pete's on his bike in the east wing,' Tony keeps talking, 'by the library I think.'
'Just be you,' Natasha tells him. 'Kids like you.'
'Iron Man is connected to the computer and is making progress,' Steve tells him.
'It’s a mansion,' he tells him with a relieved smile. 'I'm sure we can fit you in somewhere.'
'I can't cook,' is the reply.
'Tony...' she sounds a little strangled. 'Didn't we talk about not giving overly excessive gifts?'
'Yes,' large brown eyes blink up at him.
'I'm working, baby,' he shifts them in the air to get a new angle, 'you can go find him if you want. Get him to take you to Alfred so you can both eat.'
'Yes,' Jarvis replies simply. 'Several of the inhabitants of the tower... may believe they have disabled monitoring functionality within their spaces; they are incorrect.'
'Of course you can.'
'I had the cupboards stocked during the night, sir.'
Tony ignores him,
'And you stayed up here anyway?' a small frown appears.
'With your Board of Directors, sir.'
'Where's Dada?'
‘Uncomfortable?’ Tony is walking backwards towards the lift. ‘I’m not uncomfortable. See you around, Cap.’
'Yes,' Tony agrees and lounges back, 'and the other one.'
Tony watches Steve melt into a puddle of patriotic goo.
'Well,' she turns back to them, 'whatever it was he found he's wiped the data from here. Chances are he has the only copy now.'
'Ah, he has your likeness,' Thor beams and places his hammer just inside the door. 'Greetings, little one, I am Thor Odinson of Asgard.'
'Thank you,' he whispers as he presses his face between Tony's neck and shoulder.
'I don't make a habit of speaking to people who aren't speaking to me.'
Tony waves one of his hands around as he argues his point and Steve catches hold of it to keep it still without thinking. Tony stops talking and stares at him in surprise as Steve rubs a small circle over Tony’s fingers with his thumb.
‘No, Captain. I do have enough feelers within SHIELD systems as to be able to summon them is necessary, however.’
'Jarvis,' Pepper pinches the bridge of her nose once the doors to Steve's floor have closed, 'can you check if Rhodey would be available to speak to me?'
'Welcome back, sir,' Jarvis says as the door opens to reveal Tony and Pepper.
Tony scowls as he eats his toast and thinks about what he read on theoretical time travel the day before,
Nobody answers which is really an answer in itself.
'Wasn't your fault,' he looks away.
'Nothing,' Tony straightens his tie. 'Have my tailor meet me when I get to my room and get someone to pick up some casual stuff in my size. And I want sushi on the plane.'
'I had a lot of fun,' Steve smiles, 'but we both have things to do.' He makes himself walk to the lift, 'I'll see you around?'
They eat in silence for a while.
'Yeah,' Tony lies. 'I'm all yours.'
There's a small pause,
'I didn't think...' Steve's mind races. 'I mean, I knew we were friends now, but until a few weeks ago I still thought he meant to be mean every time he teased me.'
'Clint used a bad word,' Pete tells him gravely.
'I just... What we did earlier...' Steve is suddenly very aware of being in out in public and hurries into the relative privacy of an alleyway.
'Everything I do is important,' Tony does up his fly and accepts some cufflinks from Pepper.
'It's a little tight at the moment,' he types obediently, 'I wish you were here to help me with it.'
'Clint's retreated to an old SHIELD safe house,' she sounds amused.
'Were they good?' he asks as he manages to get out some mugs.
'I guess I need to learn about time travel.'
He leads the way down to the kitchen and heads straight for the coffee machine,
'No!' Steve panics. 'No, Tony, don't; you're doing important work over there!'
'Just an hour,' Steve presses a kiss to his hair. 'You just had a panic attack; just relax for a bit, ok?'
'He could have been killed!' Tony doesn't acknowledge the interruptions. 'He could have ended up with AIM! What is wrong with...?'
'Thank you for the flowers,' Steve decides to display his good manners rather than argue pointlessly.
‘Hey, Tones, what's up?'
'Right,' Tony squares his shoulders even as he sighs, 'this isn't going to be weird at all...'
‘Literally?!' he can hear the sudden alarm in his friend's voice.
Steve has taken to sketching in the corner of Tony’s workshop exclusively because after a few minutes Tony forgets he’s there and so doesn’t make conversation.
'The device may be obtaining power from the Universe itself and unplugging it may end all of creation,' Jarvis informs him dryly.
*          *          *
'Assuming it unfurls as you have designed,' Jarvis displays an upsetting lack of faith, 'a square foot should be more than adequate.'
Everything goes dark.
'Twelve on the floor we were on,' Jarvis tells him, 'and the hallway, the floor above and the bedrooms that we skipped last night.'
The floor isn't waxed. The floor isn't even clean.
'Sir, Ms Potts is requesting your presence in her meeting.'
'You have my most heart-felt apologies.'
'Fury's calling.'
'Ice cream then,' he agrees.
'You work for me?' he glares.
It’s only after eight days that Steve actually realises that Tony hasn’t tracked him down.
'For the Board?' Tony rolls his eyes. 'I know what I'm doing, Ms Potts.'
a secretary. Anyway, she was CEO for a week or so.'
Tony picks at his lunch but he can't really delay putting Pete down for a nap after the boy practically falls asleep in his plate.
'You're kidding.'
the only way I've found to keep track of you,' Steve offers him a weak smile.
'Will you go back to the workshop today, then?' Steve asks.
'Pancakes. Right. Good,' he gets out of bed and trails Steve as he gets Pete dressed.
'Tony,' he pulls back enough to catch Tony's eyes. 'You went back for the elephant.'
And then he remembers that the man he has an unrequited crush on is asleep beside him and the good feeling shrinks rapidly.
'Cap,' he greets. 'You enjoy the change of scenery?'
Rhodey just looks unimpressed.
'How does this bullshit always happen to Tony?'
'No,' Steve smiles back. 'And, for the record, I'm much better friends with you than with Howard.'
'Probably,' Tony agrees as he runs out of ammo. 'Kid, bring me all those darts so I can reload.'
'Ms Potts is on her way to interrupt, Sir,' Jarvis announces in his ear.
'I need to clean up before I can deal with Reed showing up here,' Tony dismisses. 'Penthouse, Jarvis!'
'Pete deserves more than just me,' Tony points out.
'Time to go, kiddo,' he shifts his son onto his hip as he stands. 'Lovely to see you again, Tammi.'
‘We need to be ok,' he pushes his fingers through his hair. ‘There's too much riding on us.'
‘Oh, no don’t…’ Steve starts.
'Aww, Capsical's all grown up; I'm so proud.'
Yep. There he is.
Pete seems to consider that,
Steve watches as Tony flicks through the images and wonders that Tony is as clueless as him about appropriate toys.
Pepper sighs,
Steve tries not to feel jealous.
'Oh,' Steve bites his lip, 'you've got it planned then?'
'Look, doll,' he drawls, 'you and Bruce? Sure. I can get on board with that. But Clint? No. And something tells me Natasha would rather try her hand at running SI for me than looking after a baby.'
'Tony?' Pepper's voice sounds out across his room.
He retreats to his room and opens his sketchbook to a new page as he settles in by the window.
‘Hey, buddy.’
Steve nods, strangely accepting,
He didn't sleep well.
Tony takes the toaster.
Out of sight out of mind, right?
'Thor also says that mechanised carriages are no substitute for good horses.'
Steve shoots him a bemused glare,
'In our defence,' Clint finally speaks, 'he didn't tell us he needed to pee.'
'Great,' Tony sighs.
'Mine but not another clone,' Tony guesses. 'Any idea who the mother is?'
'What do you want to eat then?' Steve asks as he accepts a hug from Pete.
'I just... Yesterday you said...' he pauses.
'Just after you,' Steve glances away, still blushing, 'sorry.'
On the screen Tony chokes on thin air.
'I'll be thankful for having you as a friend,' he corrects. 'I don't need a new bike for that, or lots of muffins, or an original Da Vinci.'
Steve unconsciously tenses to see what Tony will do.
'What toys do you want?' Tony hopes she thinks he's just prompting.
'Is that why Dada wants you to watch me? Because he likes me?'
'I'll set the machine running then,' Steve fusses with their mugs for a minute and then checks, again, that he's put in enough beans.
He brushes some of Steve's hair off of his forehead and smiles, despite himself, as the man snuggles closer.
'They had a someone beat him while claiming to be his mother?' Steve can't help the growl in his tone.
The other members of the night team have joined the meeting and are discussing the output values with their counterparts but Tony tunes them out.
'Tony?' he calls over the music.
'Three.'
'At least a couple of miles,' Tony already sounds distracted. 'It's full of shrapnel by design and it looks like they may have made it dirty.'
'What's...?'
Tony grumbles but follows him to the table and cuts up Pete's toast for him.
'Very nearly,' the AI hedges.
Steve winces sympathetically.
'What time is it, Jarvis?'
'You don't do things for him that often,' Steve is still grinning.
Steve is slowly taking more of Tony into his mouth and adjusting the angle as he goes. When his cock nudges the roof of Steve's mouth it's all Tony can do not to start thrusting into him. He does grip his fingers into Steve's hair and, for a split second, behave as if he's going to hold him there.
It's wonderful and terrifying how tactile Tony can be without thinking.
‘Because head wounds always bleed excessively!’ Steve argues.
'I'd believe you more if you weren't making eyes at that coffee,' Steve sounds amused.
'Oh, please,' Tony scoffs. 'Pepper is  incapable of believing anything isn't my fault.'
'Hello,' Pete glances to Tony, 'I'm Peter.' He pauses and tips his head as he thinks, 'I'm Peter Jarvis Stark of...' he looks at Tony beseechingly.
'If he wants to.'
'Delivery on the lift for you, sir,' Jarvis announces.
'For what, Captain?'
'Cap?' Tony blinks down at them in confusion.
'He just likes Iron Man more?' Steve ducks into the ruined barricade to check for survivors.
Steve watches Tony turning elegantly on the dance floor with Pepper and wonders, not for the first time, how two such good friends couldn’t make it work.
'Tony?' his pillow is moving.
But his son is grinning again so sure, why not?
‘But… I was only surprised! And a bit put out for you that Tony never said anything! I’m sorry, Jarvis, if you thought I was… unhappy about you.’
'Am I that pathetic?' Steve sighs. 'Alright, can you put it on the tv on my floor?'
He swallows down the last of his pancakes and refills his coffee before venturing over to help Steve with the boxes. Dumping them all in the middle of the floor means they can see what's arrived as well as freeing up the lift.
Tony, whatever you do, do not thrust.
He does owe Rhodey the full truth.
Tony forces his hips not to thrust forwards,
After that Clint had told Thor that Pete needed a turn at something. He had been convinced they would both be repulsored where the sun didn't shine if Pete got upset.
'Steve,' Clint hisses, 'all it would take is one bad guy to recognise the kid and they'd know they're in the money. Can you imagine how much money Stark would hand over to get that kid back?'
'Jarvis, did I fall asleep on my desk?'
Steve sits in silence for a bit and his mood sobers again,
'Pete, do you know how to steer your car?' Steve asks.
Jarvis? That's Jarvis...
'No touch Tash-ah,' Hulk rumbles.
'True,' Tony takes a breath and heads back out, 'alert me if he stirs, Jay.'
He receives a look for that, but it's no where near as impressive as Pepper's.
‘Oh God, Tony!’ he’s moving closer before he can even think.
'You need a real table, Tony,' Steve tells him as he helps Pete move his chair closer to the bar.
Whenever he needs to give something to Tony he does exactly as Steve had to with his phone. That he doesn’t need prompting, like Steve did, just means that he’s adapted to this quirk of Tony’s. They do spend a lot of time together.
'Peter,' Tony replies seriously and crosses to crouch beside his son, indifferent to the mess the boy's fingers could make of his suit, 'Pete, baby, I love you.'
They’ve already left the helicarrier by the time Steve realises that he hasn’t reported any of this to the Director or the rest of the team.
'This is cold, Tony.'
*          *          *
‘Hurt.’
'This wasn't your fault, Tony.'
'Oh, so much. The liberties you've taken... Make me breakfast for the rest of the week or I'll never forgive you.'
'He does adore you,' Pepper smiles down at him.
'Sir, it is ten minutes past seven,' Jarvis points out, 'Ms Potts is in bed.'
‘Fine. Yes,
'Oh,' Pete considers that.
'Unless you would like to ask out Captain Rogers...' he can hear Jarvis' amusement.
'I'm... I want this, Tony. And I know I can trust you to...'
Steve takes a reluctant step back as Tony crosses his arms and stands, entirely casually, between where Hulk's clenched fists are pressed to the ground.
'Hmm? I'm going to Singapore for a conference on Intellicrops. And, because she is an evil woman, Pepper has scheduled a conference call with the Board while we're on the jet.'
'Ok, we know whatever it did happened sometime last night because we agree on what has happened since I woke up.'
‘He’s your best friend, isn’t he?’
'Tony!' he squeezes his partner's shoulder and breathes a sigh when Tony blinks and turns to focus on him.
'I know that,' he agrees perhaps a little too readily; Tony shoots him a bemused look.
Steve lets out a strange laugh,
Tony pulls a face and then shrugs,
'We're home,' Steve tells him quietly.
Tony sighs,
‘No,’ he shakes his head. ‘I can’t expect you to stay. I was just going to say I’ll miss you.’ Steve hates that that is the best he could come up with.
‘Dibs on riding in the back,’ Clint hisses at him as they follow Tony out of the door.
'In fairness it's quite soothing,' Bruce smiles.
Steve puts off asking after Tony.
'Would you want to?' Tony starts to rhythmically roll his hips.
Maybe he should get Jarvis to call in Pepper.
'There's a garden?'
'Of course,' Pepper looks back to her tablet. 'That'll make the table the four of us, Bruce and Jan.'
'Already here,' Steve laughs.
'Goodnight, Tony,' he smiles back.
‘What for?’ Tony stares at him then retrieves the ratty blanket Butterfingers has brought to him. He shakes the blanket out then just holds it out to Steve to take.
'You're panting too hard for kissing now so I bite at your lips and press kisses over your face. When you tip your head back I bite your neck and add a twist of the wrist to my hand action.
‘Can he not hear you?’ Steve glances at the ceiling.
He’s suspicious of all of them.
'Jarvis said you needed me for something, I think.'
He jumps into the car and puts on his sunglasses as he revs up the engine,
'Hey,' he offers Rhodey a grin and pulls him into a quick hug, 'it's good to see you.'
Well, he wants more than to be best friends, but he's shoving that small rebellious thought into the back of his mind.
'The pleasure is mine, Cap.'
'You're tracking him,' he gesture to his own face to imply Tony's eyepiece.
'Unless it's somehow messing with the data you're collecting,' he shakes his head, 'and possibly with my brain.'
'And I've closed the store and please don't fire me...'
'He did not want you to prefer James over Peter.'
Tony sits up further and then throws his leg over Steve so he's straddling his hips. Steve's hands automatically find their way to Tony's waist. He looks up at the genius in confusion.
'Favouritism,' Clint sighs, though he's clearly relieved, 'that's what this is.'
‘I’m sorry,’ Steve gives Tony some space reluctantly. ‘God, Tony, please figure this out.’
'Where would Pepper sleep?' Tony sounds almost offended.
'Sir would be delighted to see you,' Jarvis is clearly partially quoting, 'in whatever state of dress you may find yourself.'
'More for me then,' Tony beckons for the jug.
'Hey, Dada!' Jarvis is great at finding Dada!
'You're going to think I'm really silly,' Steve tells him.
'Thank you,' Tony sounds relieved as he steps back into his armour and rockets away.
'Daaaaadaaaaaa...' Pete pats his back before crawling around a little. The small hands and fuzz covered knees aren't exactly comfortable against his bare back so it's something of a relief when Pete collapses across his shoulder blades so their heads are together. 'Dada?'
'I got you a present,' Clint declares.
'I need to eat and get back to work, darling.'
'Dada?'
'Don't get those muddled up,' Tony smirks.
Something in his chest tightens at those words.
'Good night, bud.'
'I'm not going to be any better a father than Howard was,' Tony sighs.
'I'm glad you're up,' Tony tells him as he fusses with the box. 'Come on, there are another eight boxes in the foyer.'
'Stop teasing him, Tony,' Bruce just smiles. 'Jarvis can't get a 3D image from anywhere at anytime.'
‘Still several hours, sir.’
Tony has one arm crossed over his bare stomach and his other hand covering his arc reactor.
'Pants and coffee,' he goes to the closet and puts on the first pants he finds.
The next person to move in is Pepper who arrives ahead of her boss, with all of his tech from Malibu, so it can be set up when he arrives.
Steve is sitting quietly over in the beaten up sofa in the corner; Dummy is hover nearby peeking over his shoulder at whatever he's sketching. You is in his charging station and Butterfingers appears to be reordering his wrench collection.
Additional note~
'Is he another...?' is this a rude question?
'Ok, I have to go to work now, baby. You stay here, with Thor and Clint, and I'm sure you'll have lots of fun. You be good, ok?'
'Cap?' he looks around again. 'Jarvis, why am I not in the penthouse?'
*          *          *
'Steven Stark?' Tony smirks suddenly, 'you like the sound of that?'
'How are the rest of the team?'
Steve is glad he's realised that the names are meant teasingly rather than maliciously.
'Tony is...' Bruce hesitates before visibly opting to change tack. 'Do you know how many times I have... Hulked out... since moving into the tower? When we aren't on missions, I mean.'
Blanking his mind to think just of the next punch; just the next thump against the reinforced weave of the bag, works for a little while, but then other thoughts fight their way into his mind.
'If I just wait,' Tony hopes he'll understand, 'then he'll love both of them, right? And then, when I tell him, he won't be able to stop spending time with Pete too.'
son?!'
Hope you like it, it's taken me far too long to be happy enough with it to post..
'Fucking Richards...' Tony mutters as he scowls at the generator. 'Whatever, it's not done anything and I need to do stuff.'
'Tony, can I ask you something?' he asks a few minutes later.
'Oh, my phone is... Where's my phone?'
He opts to just ignore it and slumps against Steve's side.
'It brings out the glow of the arc reactor,' Tony tells him pompously and then laughs as he turns to the fridge.
'You need a pick up?' Steve winces at each of her gasps, knowing she's digging metal from her own flesh.
'Ok,' Steve agrees, 'what should I paint?'
'I suspect,' Tony smirks up at him, 'that any minute now a small person will...'
'This just in!' the reporter announces from the television. 'We have new images of Tony Stark visiting a hospital over the last couple of months! This added to reports that he has been sighted with an unknown, but heavily pregnant, blonde woman leads us to wonder if...'
And then he realises Steve's eyes are shut.
'James,' Pepper steps forwards, 'he's moving to the Mansion to install Jarvis.'
It's upsetting to realise how little Tony trusts him, but knowing what he now knows he can hardly be angry with him.
I'm sorry this took so long. I'm still not quite happy with it...
'Ok,' Pete agrees without lowering his voice at all. 'Why does Dada need more sleep? Does Dada need coffee?'
He smiles at the photo and runs his thumb over where his son's name is printed neatly at the bottom.
*                                  *                                  *
Tony shifts to gaze into his eyes and grins,
It's a massive box of Duplo.
'I'm afraid there's not a gym here,' the subject is changed, 'but the grounds should take you a couple of hours to run around.'
'I didn't... need to see you for anything, Tony,' Steve shrugs and sighs. 'I just missed you, that's all.'
‘Or you could come downstairs and have a pizza,’ Steve retorts.
'I expect so, Captain,' Jarvis agrees. 'He knew you were the child's father when he chose the name.'
'We have some fresh muffins, if you're interested, Captain?' the waitress smiles at him.
'Hi,' he climbs into the couch.
'Obe resented looking after me when I was so much richer than him.'
'Fair point,' he allows, 'but I do deal with most of those things all of the time.'
Tony huffs an inaudible response and curls into the corner of the sofa. He looks exhausted.
A stream of data presses for his attention as Dummy gives him a run down of Tower security.
'I'll make it up to you, promise.'
'Captain,' Jarvis speaks through the earpiece he's gotten used to wearing, 'incoming call from Agent Romanov.'
'Sure you have.'
Tony is actually surprisingly good at following orders when they’re in the heat of battle.
*                                  *                                  *
Short silences from his AI either mean he's checking a fact somewhere across the world or he's laughing.
'Everyone likes you,' Tony scoffs. 'I bet even Red Skull collected your trading cards...'
'Sir, Captain Rogers does not appear to be a threat at this time?'
'Wow,' Steve laughs. 'Being Tony Stark really is something, huh?'
'He doesn't really seem that keen on forgiving me,' Tony sighs and looks up as Rhodey arrives. 'Maybe his next present will help...'
'Hey, he went down ok?'
‘You must connect the generator to the electromagnet in sir’s chest,’ Jarvis instructs him. ‘Butterfingers is getting a spare reactor but it will need to be activated and we must buy ourselves time.’
Here goes nothing.
'All right,' Tony rubs his hands together. 'Let's assume I'm not completely crazy; what does that gain us?'
'I don't know,' Tony hesitates before stepping closer to Steve. 'I spent all of my yesterday afternoon thinking about this, assuming that actually happened, and I don't know what to think anymore.'
'Be patient with him,' Jarvis pauses. 'Sir simultaneously knows how important family is and doubts its necessity.'
‘Tell them I want their full data not just what they think they’ve learnt from it,’ he says and keeps staring. ‘Hey,’ he adds finally, ‘you’re all here then.’
'That,' Tony waves a hand at the generator as he accepts his squashed toast from Dummy, 'gives off a spike of energy at six in the morning and sends me back in time by a day.'
'Give just a moment with my booty-call, Ms Potts,' Tony grins back.
'Will Master Stark be joining you?' Alfred has prepared three plates of food, two of which he places on a small table across the kitchen.
Steve makes the best noises.
Steve looks up to see Dummy has apparently snatched the arc reactor from Butterfingers and has moved it to a workbench where he’s now peering down at it.
'Who's in?'
'I don't understand how anyone could let that happen,' Steve tries to keep his voice from cracking. 'You were barely more than a baby...'
‘Sir,’ Jarvis’ voice sounds from the phone, ‘Captain Rogers has a point. You were poisoned and reaching landfall in Malibu is no longer sufficient; you must reach New York. If you insist I can have the jet meet you on the helicarrier or in Hawaii.’
'Imagine he did,' Pepper persists. 'What would you want? What would be your ideal scenario?'
'If he feared you,' Jarvis replies, matter-of-factly, 'I would have shot you.'
Tony tenses then slumps boneless against Steve’s chest,
'I'll get the ketchup,' Clint carries him to the fridge. 'What do you drink, kiddo? Juice?'
What ever would he do without these three?
'I love you,' Steve blurts. At some point Natasha has melted back out so at least he's alone.
Steve would disapprove but Tony is asleep in his arms and he would pretty much have to let him go if he wanted to be in a meeting with Fury. Letting Tony out of his sight is just something that isn't going to happen right now. And it's not as though he could convince Tony to come with him.
'No,' Tony smirks at him. 'I can't leave Pete with anyone so he'll have to come, so you'll have to be there to look after him.'
'You in the ballroom?' Rhodey shifts on the screen, 'I'm coming to you,' the connection drops.
Tony smiles suddenly,
'What are you doing with my son?' he demands of the empty screen and then hides his surprise when a young man appears.
And the way Tony declared he wanted him as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, even if he didn't mean it like
'Looks to be mostly positive,' Pepper ignores his interruption. 'Some people are asking why they haven't seen him before but most seem happy that you haven't been shoving him into the limelight as a baby.'
'I miss you,' Steve tells him again; enough repetition should get his point across.
Steve gives him a slightly confused look but just smiles when Tony catches his wrist to tow him to the sofa. He slumps against the blonde's side as Steve starts looking through the list of movies and doesn't pay attention to what's chosen.
Tony straightens and wraps his arms around Steve’s neck,
'Ok.'
'Gah...' Steve has apparently forgotten how to speak.
'Valid concern,' Rhodey wrinkles his nose, 'but doesn't he have a pack of lawyers that probably need some exercise?'
He jolts and gazes down at the nearly finish portrait of Tony.
‘You mean you want to fly?!’ Steve may have raised his voice a little as Tony actually flinches.
'I'll pass,' Steve tells him with a small smile.
'It's fine,' Steve has gotten even closer.
'Extremis,' Pepper snaps and away while fishing out her phone, 'Jarvis, explain,' she demands and slams her way through some double doors.
'Thanksgiving isn't really a gift giving occasion,' he smiles.
He's begging.
*          *          *
Steve makes an embarrassing squeaking noise and pulls the cover up to his neck.
*          *          *
'Shall we take your blanky with us?'
‘Hi,’ Steve smiles hopefully.
'Tony!' Steve scolds.
'Quite the opposite, Captain,' Jarvis disagrees. 'Sir believes your presence will be beneficial in whatever form.'
'I like it here,' Steve tells him as they watch Pete bump the car randomly into everything Steve owns. 'I've made friends now.'
'Come to bed, Tony?'
Tony Stark is standing in front of them, flicking at a tablet that he has magicked from somewhere, with a small boy perched on his hip and cuddled against his side.
'Yes,' Bruce sighs. 'It seems that due to the serum they were able to manipulate some cells of Steve's into behaving as eggs so then they just injected them with your DNA.'
'Jarvis, analysis of my recent messages; are any of them repeats?'
'You are my first priority, sir,' Jarvis hedges.
Everything goes dark.
He can tell when Tony falls asleep; a previously unnoticed tension bleeds away first and then, as Tony shifts to press his nose against the sofa’s back, his legs straighten out and bump into Steve’s thigh.
'Captain Rogers,' Pepper makes him nearly jump out of his skin.
‘I’m sorry!’ Steve blurts in case Tony doesn’t already know. ‘I’m sorry for making you think I was… I’m sorry I offended Jarvis. And you.’
Steve howls and his hips snap up as he empties himself down Tony's throat. His hands clench tight into the bedding and he stares blindly up at the ceiling,
There's a sudden tension in Steve's shoulders,
'Where will he stay?' Steve doesn't really want to have to point out to Tony that his penthouse isn't exactly child proof.
'Oh?' Tony lets Clint tug him towards the sitting area.
'That's great, darling,' Tony finds his voice. 'Anything you're comfortable with. Just careful with your teeth.'
'Oh, Tony,' she steps closer and touches a gentle hand to Pete's head, 'he's adorable.'
'I have no idea what I'm doing,' Steve shakes his head as he speaks to Jarvis.
'You have fun while I was busy?'
'Howard owned the rights to you and he passed them to me,' Tony wrinkles his nose. 'I can sign them over?'
'Nah,' Tony shakes his head, 'let me finish this and I'll be back to normal.'
'Coffee isn't food, Tony,' he smiles.
'I'm still at the mansion.'
'Why?'
‘Good boy.’
'Me?' he blurts in confusion and looks between the other two.
'That should not deter you from ever making another attempt.'
Tony takes it as encouragement anyway.
'You're a massive sap, Rogers,' he can hear Tony's smile.
His stomach drops,
'But coffee makes Dada awake now!' Pete objects and pats Tony's cheek before Steve can stop him.
Pete looks pleased before turning on him,
'It does,' she agrees finally. 'The meeting is at eleven; that's forty five minutes from now. Can you please make sure he is on his way to the conference room before quarter to?'
'Very good, Pete,' he praises his son, 'where'd Pepper put my stuff?'
Tony scowls as he fiddles with the pyjamas he’s found himself dressed in,
'Right,' Clint agrees as his hand hovers an inch from the bodywork. 'So, you're telling me that Stark is trusting us with two things he loves at once and that doesn't seem strange to you?'
'Jarvis, where's Pepper?' he leaves Tony to his work and stalks out of the ballroom.
'Your desire for caffeine did not require you to go to the penthouse.'
'Cap!' Pete calls out from behind him. 'Dada! Look! Cap is here!'
‘Too late now,’ Tony dismisses.
'Fuck,' he groans and slumps forwards beside the stove.
'I don't believe Captain Rogers believes this is something he needs to forgive you for, sir.'
'No,' Tony tells him emphatically as he carries him to the mess that is the main room of the penthouse.
Pete settles against his chest, though his hand is fisted in the material of Tony's t-shirt.
‘Sure thing, boss,’ Happy just grins as they peel away.
'I want Dada,' he tells the man wearing Dada's name on his shirt.
'Ok, we can work with this.'
It's always nice to see Pepper curled up in comfortable clothes, even if she is still working.
'Offer him milk and cookies!' Clint can't help himself.
'Tony, please?' Steve steps up to the counter beside Tony as Jarvis returns the armour to its previous motionless state.
'Tony, have you considered telling him your reasons rather than pretending you aren't interested?'
'Thanks a lot,' Clint pulls a face and then pokes him in the stomach. He giggles so Clint does it again, 'oh my god, you're ticklish. Is your dad ticklish? How quickly will Jarvis kill me if I try to find out?'
'Hey, Jarvis,' he leans against the wall as the lift rises. 'What's the time?'
'Tony,' Pepper steps closer as he takes a large swallow of his scotch. 'Tony, you have to tell him.'
'Jarvis, what do you do when Tony isn't here?'
'You want to discuss whose is bigger?' he grins and watches Steve blush.
'She is moving to greet your arrival,' Jarvis tells him.
'Tony!' Pepper objects immediately. 'You can't drop everything to rewire the Mansion!'
'I'm not so lucky as to ever be able to have you.'
'Here,' Steve hands him a plate of eggs.
'Ok,' he watches his son climb down from the chair before Steve hands him his beaker. Pete glares intently at the milk as he walks slowly across from the kitchen. Tony opts to help him put it onto the table and smiles as Pete scrambles up onto his chair ready for his breakfast.
“Good on ya, J,” the genius mumbled around a yawn, getting ready to stumble through a lightning fast shower so he could fall into bed and get a couple hours of shut eye before he went to pick up his son. Maybe he shouldn’t have been up so late the last few nights, but while in Vegas…
Tony hadn’t been lying about a short drive. It took under ten minutes to get there from the Rec Center, and with New York traffic that was saying something.
“I dunno,” Peter’s eyes were still trained on the show, but it was obvious he was no longer paying attention to it anymore as he curled up around his monkey. “I was with Ms. Natalie all weekend. She knows how to cook but she doesn’t read any of my stories right and she doesn’t hug me right or say goodnight right.”
“Hey, Nat,” Steve grinned, opening his arms for a hug, only half expecting her to react.
“No, it’s okay bud,” Tony sighed, the guilt of that one question weighing on his already aching chest. This wasn’t the first time the man had panicked in front of his son, and everytime it happened, Tony felt like a useless excuse of a father. Rhodey had luckily been visiting when a particularly bad episode happened, and had been there to talk him through it. When he finally had caught his breath enough to see straight, Peter had been standing right behind, Rhodes. He’d been crying and asking what was wrong with his dad. It wasn’t easy to explain PTSD in a child-friendly manner, but Peter, always so smart and so thoughtful, understood that his father needed a little extra help sometimes.
With every time that Steve happened to be in Tony’s presence, it seemed less and less appropriate to start an argument over the way he was raising his son. As it happens, the day after witnessing a six year old call out his own father in daycare feels just a bit too early for any of that.
“I’ll put you in a damn barn-”
“An excellent idea, sir. I’m setting the alarm as we speak,”
Steve scoffed, “I don’t actually go on any of the dates she tries to force me into. The last person to try and put the moves on me was Peter’s no-good asshole of a father.”
“He was watching my rugrat, for christ’s sake,” Tony sighed. “What are you trying to pull here, Barnes?”
“Hey! What’s that supposed to mean, you little heathen. I make cookies too!”
The extent of his cooking skills were throwing things into a big pot and only the simplest of baking. Like a ‘prepackaged cookie dough put onto a baking sheet that still ended up a little too crispy around the edges’ kind of baking. In fact, he was making his famous Totally-Not-Tollhouse cookies right now! Just to sweeten the deal after Peter had such a rough day.
“And that’s very noble of you, Steve,” Sam started, getting up from the couch to put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “But you don’t have to take responsibility for all of the people around you. You’re allowed to say no to something if you’re not comfortable with it.”
“That’s Ironman, another hero Peter made up. He’s a super cool billionaire who made the suit from scratch and goes around New York, helping Spiderman save the day,” Steve explained with a shy smile. “I suppose you can guess who he’s based off of.”
“Actually, I’m going to have Natalie along with us on this trip,” Tony glanced to where Rushman was packing her folders into her shoulder bag, the image of nonchalance. He could tell she was listening to every word he said.
“Are you really ok with this?” It had been gnawing at the back of Steve’s mind all throughout dinner. “You don’t know anything about me besides my name and where I work, and you’re letting me take care of your son.”
Tony Stark was a rich, handsome genius.
“J, call Rhodey up for me, won’t you?”
There was a part of him that wished Peter’s mother was still alive, they’d never been close, but Peter deserved someone who wasn’t weak like him. Being a single parent was one of the most difficult things he’s ever done, and he revolutionized clean energy via arc reactor a few years prior.
"I do." Tony finally offered in reply with a dry swallow, forcing his hand to steady as he raised the knife, and began to peel once more. “Apparently more than my own life.”
“The children are their leverage,” he continued, picking up speed as more of the pieces clicked together. “Yes, see how we can be merciful? See how just we are, to leave you with a living reminder of everything you lose when you defy us? They’ll want them visible for that reason. Not an institution or a prison, but a stage. It’s theater.”
“Yes, perhaps you should Tony, “Hortense agreed fretfully and Tony relented with a nod.
“I’m sure he’ll be alright Stefen. He’s got the right papers for travel and he’s clever, like you.” Charlotte continued to sooth him, her gentle hands returning to his brow. Steve grit his teeth.
“Are you sure?” he snapped, eyes darting between Tony and Stefen’s still form.
that I now know
“Untrue, very untrue. I’ve always cared about food.”
Tony laughed.
Patrols were everywhere. Traveling even with the right paperwork was dangerous. It was all ‘who are you and where are you going’ and the Stark name was too well known not to garner attention. Maybe he could feel a bit of sympathy for Rogers after all. He wasn’t the only symbol the Nazis would be interested in using for their own purposes.
“Where do I stop compromising, Charlotte? What more should I let them take?”
Tony was not a father, but in that moment, he felt the heart of one cracking within his chest like bread as he leaned down to press his lips against the cool skin of her brow and uttered the first deliberate lie that he’d ever told her.
Really? He hadn't noticed but he supposed it was possible. It would be a better turn than the last two tutors. Considering James and Natacha had put a dead chicken in a previous governess’ bed, it really wasn't that hard to imagine.
“Of course. Péter’s train comes in tonight. I promised I’d be here.” Stefen murmured. Tony started in surprises, realizing how completely and utterly he’d lost track of the days. The captain’s brow furrowed, expression deepening with concern, as if he’d read his mind. “Tony, the children say you missed breakfast
She wasn’t. But when Frauline Werner clucked her tongue and simpered that she must miss her mother terribly she agreed.
“We’re really going to America?!” Steve heard one of the children crowing from the living room. He thought it was Péter but couldn’t be sure with the muzzy way it came through the walls.
“Sara isn’t here to see me eat any of this.”
“What do you think happened back there Tony?” Stefen asked innocently with a cock of his head but Tony wasn’t fooled. And the bastard had no right to look as fine as he did, leaning there against the door.
He licked lips gone dry and mustered up some semblance of a smile. He hoped it looked more convincing than it felt.
the place of his making. Of course, the Wehrmacht said it was in the hills and mountains where the ‘’Lion of Austria’ had been made but no, that was where he’d become this. This shell. Whatever they wanted him to be. Fabricated out of myth and unrecognizable. That had been the making of Major Rogers.
“The boy’s father was a shepherd and had many sheep in his care, which meant the boy and his mother lived very comfortably. But one day the father died… as sometimes happens, and the boy and his mother were left alone. Life became very difficult for them, and even though they both worked very hard they became poor and often very hungry.”
Ian couldn't believe his ears. No matter how many times he tried to refocus on what their father was saying, the words just slid past like water. Nothing seemed to stick.
Steve had fallen asleep in his study again. This time at his desk. He'd lain his head down for one moment just to ease the pain and the next thing he knew he was being jerked from a light sleep by...banging? Thumping to be precise, just above his head. It was late, the household should be abed.
James’ giggles turned hysteric, his face turning red as he clutched his side. Bucky slung an arm around Natacha (who rolled her eyes at him) and looked up to find Stark watching them, his head cocked at Bucky with an inquisitive look swimming in his eyes.
Tony looked pale.
“Besides, you could do with a break. Little more music, yeah?”
“-Herr stark” Pepper said from across the table, again warning him, though there was not much heat behind it.
The poor children...
A year ago, even months ago you needn't have worried about speaking your mind. Now it seemed like everywhere Steve turned there was another vacant spot where a friend had been. Caught supporting the wrong ideas. Arrested for the wrong politics. Knifed in their beds to path the way for Hitlers rise.
“... doesn’t have children is all I’m saying Duncan,” the woman said, her voice becoming clearer as she neared the kitchen window and Tony froze, flattening his body as tightly against the wood as he could. He was just under the loft window, above the kitchen, but if the woman stuck her head out and happened to look upward, she’d see him.
Dark brown eyes. A quick smile.
Steve jerked awake,
“Children, get ready for dinner,” Tony instructed them firmly, sparing them a brief nod. Dinner wasn't for another two hours but no one argued.
That Steve, if he hadn’t been escaping a prison camp, he would have given Tony something special. Something he couldn’t have at the villa, but that Steve had known for a long time was something he wanted. Tony had made Christmas time beautiful for all of them. But that night at the party, they’d had to put on a show for the world. Steve had been waltzing with Charlotte, and Tony with Natacha. The dance had brought them close, and Steve had looked over at Tony. Steve had been unhappy to be forced into dancing when he was so poor at it, and tired, but there had been such a look of longing on Tony’s face... of wistfulness, that had there been any way to do it, Steve would have left Charlotte there on the floor and tapped Tony upon the shoulder.
Bucky would wouldn’t he? He’d kept every woman who entered his life at arm's length. Even Larua. Especially Larua.
"Tony. And by all means be frank."
“Will you take her for a moment? Thank you.” Tony didn’t give the man much choice as he handed the child over, it was between accepting her and dropping her which considering how much beer the man had swimming in his system was almost a near thing.
“Enough!”
For the first time in Péter’s life he wasn’t considered strange or weak for liking books more than he liked sports or wrestling. He was admired for his brains, and challenged at every turn to get even better, and it was so wonderful he could barely sleep at night.
“I-I’m s-sorry Tony.” James stammered through chattering teeth, his voice barely above a whine. He looked up at Tony with round glassy eyes and Tony’s heart crumpled. He stooped, hauling the shivering boy up into his arms and holding him tight. Swallowing back the block in his throat he gestured sharply with his head for Péter and Ian to grab the door and carried James inside. Natacha who must have been watching at the window met them at the door.
Steve resisted the urge to reply back, or even continue looking. Instead, he turned back to his daughter and observed the pretty way she had plaited her hair. He reached over and touched it, one hand trailing down the long braid until the end of it between her shoulders. She glanced at him when he shifted it to hang over her shoulder and put his arm around her back. He ignored the immediate itch of discomfort.
They finally stopped at a building in the center of the quarter. Sandwiched between two square buildings it had a white stone façade, with detailed stone columns on either side of the doorway. The rose window over the entrance would have given it away as a place of worship, even if not for the gold plaque by the doors that declared it to be the ‘Synagogue of Nice’.
Frau Hogan paused, her eyebrows raising as she took in his wadded jacket on the floor before sliding the envelope onto the desk, her brow furrowed. Steve lowered the pen. He could already feel he wasn't going to like what came next.
“Vati! They’re going to start soon!” Artur pressed him and Steve chuckled. Allowing the boy to pull him over toward Herr Klein. Joshua smiled broadly as they approached, greeting them happily.
“I’m relieving the stairwell watch.”
“It changes everything.”
All right then. More laps.
Tony was pulled from the violent memory by a pair of small hands tugging sharply at the hem of his shirt. For a moment he almost didn’t recognize Ian, his sight full of terrified brown eyes and blood, almost unable to process the sight of the child in front of him.
“Incorrect. But you’re damn right that I’m not your father. That means if you eat, if you sleep, if you survive another god damned minute, it’s because
And it was back to Sir. Steve frowned. He hadn't wanted that. What had he said?
Steve let himself a small smile though, trust Kurt to start straight in on the subject Steve was least comfortable with. Dobas had always been implosive, hotheaded and much too eager for good time and glory for Steve’s tastes. Even now Steve wasn't sure if Kurt had missed his company or the customers he brought in.
He was never happier to be right as the slight woman passed under the lanterns in the church yard and turned her face up in the direction of their shuttered window. She flashed a brief grin up at them before continuing on her way to knock on the door of the priest apartments.
“The car? I don’t understand – ”
“A sick woman attended a lecture I gave once with her father. In my arrogance I claimed that every disease was curable, simply a puzzle waiting for the right man to come along and solve it. She approached me after. She and her father begged me to use her as a test subject, to find a cure for the incurable.” Bruce recounted, and Tony sat still, not quiet believing that after all these years Bruce had chosen now to open up.
“My behavior?” Tony’s eyes widened and he let out a startled sounding chuckle. “You sound like my father. Which would be funny, if I weren’t several years your senior and very much not interested in being one more of your children.”
“Then what is it about?” Stefen snapped with agitation, confusion furrowing his brow.
Hammer’s sympathies with the Nazi Party were not a secret, and had certainly put a strain on their relationship over the past year; but Steve had resisted letting him go on those grounds alone.  The butler had served his family diligently and faithfully all these years, and took an uncanny amount of pride in his position. Hammer had talked so proudly of the long line of fine butlers in his family when Steve had first hired him. In truth he and Peggy had few options, after the scandal of her pregnancy and her engagement to a nobody from nowhere had made her the black sheep of Austrian high society. Hammer had been one of the only men they’d interviewed who didn’t seem bothered by Steve’s low social standing.
"Ha! I'm not the one you want on their back!"
“Yes, I’ve heard...many things about your work.” Steve got out stiffly.  He’d heard nothing, but his paltry attempt at inviting conversation seemed to calm her, her slim arched brows disconnecting back into separate entities and the scrutinizing look she’d fixed him with after his outburst, easing slightly at the mention of her work at the orphanage.
“No backing out of it Hedy, I’m meeting a fellow and he’s only got a short stop before he’s headed up the river.”
“We’re in the middle of a lesson. Herr Stark-” she tried but luck was on his side because for whatever reason, Stark threw his lot in with Bucky’s.
The words fell much easier then he'd ever expected them to. Years of lies and the truth slipped so easily out, their weight lifting from his chest.
"It's as I've always said Master Péter. There are only a few men like your father. It is the honor of the common man to path the way for the heroes."
The clock above the mantle chimed five. Something in the Captain moved, Tony might have called it a flinch in anyone else.
~*~~*~
Steve paused, his spoon halfway to his mouth. The smell of cucumber wafting steam onto his face.
In the back of the truck Clinton let out a whoop of victory and Tony’s eyes met Bucky’s in the driver’s seat briefly as they both grinned manically at each other. Had they really just done that?
Tony didn’t shrink back but Steve could see his thoughts moving behind his mind, that quicksilver brilliant mind of his that was always going and
Greetings. So, some of you know this already but TheFault_InOurThought and I have some exciting life changes headed our way and with that in mind we are going to have to do some reorganizing.
“Herr Stark, is it your goal to put us all off our food?! I don't think I've ever quite been subjected to this particular type of indigestion.”
Artur's face wrinkled in a frown of disagreement, but he just sighed and asked, "Will Tony be home yet?"
“Ian?”
“We went to the emperors wood. Grigur told us about it,” Péter began, and seeing the darkening expression on Steve’s face he stumbled in a rush to get the words out. “We go there every day, and it’s been fine, only Natacha wandered off. Though I am sure she is fine!”
Natacha watched him sleep from the chair she'd picked up off the floor after Tony had knocked it over, her knees curled up close to her chest until she imagined she could feel her heart pounding against her knees. Her eyes burned with unshed tears; but she bit her lip and swallowed back the force she felt rising in her throat - because she had no right to cry.
But not for the first time, Péter found himself thinking that maybe it wasn’t good enough just to stand guard in case something bad happened. Maybe they had the power to stop the bad things before they ever happened.
Tony lets the momentum of Steve's gentle correction send him into the soldier's bare chest,
'Barton's an overgrown kid who eats peanut butter with a spoon,' he grins. 'Romanoff thinks we're all idiots but I'm pretty sure Pepper has made her promise not to kill me.'
Tony presses himself against Steve's side as the blond seems to freeze,
'I know, Tony. You're a good friend. How I reacted when we first met was...'
‘Tony?’ Steve is aware he sounds a little desperate.
God, he still looks like he's expecting Steve to say something terrible...
'No; he's not.'
'Goodnight, Cap,' Tony smiles.
Jarvis gives Tony a written notification when Steve returns to the tower. He glances to his son, who's now playing a picture matching game on his tablet, and doesn't mention it.
'On my way,' Steve agrees readily. 'Iron Man, keep working on that,' as if Tony would do anything else, 'Hulk stay and guard...'
‘I don’t… Tony threw me out of his workshop…’
'Tony, you like him,' he's ignored.
'I...' Steve shifts away uncomfortably and freezes as his movement causes Pete to stir and grumble to his right.
He does manage to wake Tony up without the other man having a panic attack, though all the computer systems on the Quinjet go haywire for a few seconds.
'Pete, this is Auntie Pepper,' Tony adds. 'She organises your Dada's life.'
'I am not certain, Captain. Sir seems to have experienced a panic attack, but I am uncertain as to the cause.'
'He's Steve,' Tony blinks, 'everyone loves him. He doesn't need me.'
He arrives at the entrance to the workshop only to find the massive metal shutter in place across the windows.
Steve just nods helplessly.
'If it gets down to a minute then put on the suit and get out of there,' Steve insists.
“Okaaaaayyy,” Peter groaned, but he still had a smile on his face, so he obviously wasn’t too broken up about it. Tony shot Steve a grateful smile as the boy bounced off of his bed and ran over to give the blonde a hug. “I had lotsa fun playing with you this weekend, we should do it again next weekend!”
"Hey, you must be Peter's father," the blonde held out Peter's backpack, it had the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on it.
“Stubborn bastard probably hasn’t realized it yet,” Bucky muttered, rolling his eyes like it was a regular occurrence for him to talk about his best friend’s less than stellar self-awareness in relation to dating. “If you ever get him alone, you should ask him out.”
The first grader just huffed and turned away so that he was facing away from his father once more.
“And you were just...joking...about those lasers, right?” The babysitter asked nervously.
Hell, his friend Natasha even offered to put in a good word for him at the place she works at. She'd insisted that, while she couldn't tell him anything about the job, she knew he'd be a perfect fit and it'd keep him busy while giving him adequate breaks. But Steve was nothing if not stubborn, and informed her that while she may have what it takes to be some kind of super spy secret agent? He definitely didn’t.
That got the genius to drop what he was doing immediately, his head snapping up to glare at the screen.
If there was an odd job here or there to pick up, he would offer his help immediately. Whether it was something simple like mowing a neighbor’s lawn or assisting his close friend Sam out at the VA, he lent a hand wherever he could. It's not that he was desperate for cash or that he just wanted to help everyone he could. (Steve did want to help people, but the motivation behind all this wasn't that selfless.) He just didn't want to sit still and let his mind wander.
Peter seemed satisfied enough with that answer because he dunked his brush back into the water before picking up some green paint next and streaked the bottom of the paper with it.
Before Tony could respond, Steve sheepishly stepped into the room with a couple of folded blankets from the fort in the living room.
There was an awkward pause.
Therapy had helped, obviously. But it came with the unattractive side effect of giving Bucky the ability to psychoanalyze everything that Steve was doing.
“Isn’t that funny,” Tony hummed, what are the odds he’d just so happened to pick the dynamic duo out of the Howling Commandos. “Think they’d put me in the middle of a super-good-looking-soldier sandwich if I asked real nice?”
He’d be petty as soon as he had a moment alone with Tony.
The genius rose back to his feet, readjusting the backpack still slung over his shoulder. He offered a hand out to his son, who eagerly grabbed on, then shot an awkward smile to the teacher who had stood there and witnessed the entire offbeat conversation that had just taken place.
“As fun as this evening’s been, Rogers, I think it’s time for us to head back home,” The genius muttered, sliding out of the booth and gently tugging his sleepy kid along with him. “Methinks our superhero over here is tired after working hard all day to keep the city safe.”
“Don’t worry a hair on your perfect little head, Pep. I’ve got myself a brand new sitter and Peter thinks the sun shines out of his ass and everything,” Tony informed, pride creeping into his voice.
Bucky informed him that Sam was one of his closest friends and he'd die for him without hesitation.
“Give it to me straight, Doc. Are you going to have to amputate?” Bucky asked where he sat on the exam table in front of Tony.
Now would be the perfect time too, as Tony took the backpack from the blonde and tossed it into the backseat, slamming the car door shut after it. The genius pushed his shades to the top of his head and rubbed at his eyes tiredly. Now was his chance.
“Mr. Steve can pick me up super easy!” Peter giggled. Tony shot a glare over to where the blonde had been on standby with the carton of apple juice.
I recently came to the horrifying realization that this fic is slowly morphing into a slow burn fic, something I vowed to never do because of how insane they drive me. You either die a hero or live long enough to become the villain. Thank god I look good in black.
“My therapist told me to work on empathy. Now stop tryna dodge my questions,” Bucky huffed, folding his arms against his chest and pinning the blonde with an accusatory look. “Your mom was a single parent, Steve. You know how hard it was for her at times.”
Tony snorted, cookies always worked.
Peter’s room was different from when Tony had left, that was for sure. There were crayons and markers strewn across his desk top and dozens of new pictures were taped to the wall next to the couple of posters he already had up. The one the boy was most excited about was a picture of two red and blue heros. One of the heroes had a spider in the center of his chest and wide white eyes standing next to his sidekick, who had a star and stripes on his costume. The drawing had been put up above his bed next to his favorite poster with the different species of tarantulas on it.
“Hey, Steve. Wanna get dinner this Saturday?”
The teacher seemed to deflate a little bit at that. It was like the fight had flew out of him the moment his mother was mentioned. He knew his best friend hadn’t purposely brought up his mom to antagonize him, it was more that he was disappointed in himself for letting his protective streak take him over like that in the first place.
Steve peeked his head up over top of the table. Sure enough, the billionaire was back in his class room, standing awkwardly next to his son. Tony looked a bit hurt at the lack of reaction from his kid, but not surprised. The teacher couldn’t help but wonder what had happened since Friday to make Peter so cold towards his father.
“Here, why don’t you tell me more about Spiderman while we clean up the living room?” Tony offered, putting Peter down next to where the bare bones of the blanket fort stood remained.
“It’s not fair! I’m not going! Bullshit!” the six year old was throwing a full-on tantrum now, and Tony had just about had it.
"How in the hell was I supposed to know that, when my student said his dad worked for Stark Enterprises, it meant he's literally the face of the entire damn company!" Steve groaned, burying his face into his arms at the diner table he was seated at.
“That’ll be all, Mr. Stark,” she gave him a saccharine smile before sitting back into her seat properly and opening the folder up across her lap. The genius tried his best to pay attention to her briefing, lest he face her wrath.
“I...uhm, ok?”Steve looked even more confused now, the tiny crease between his brows looking close to becoming a permanent fixture on his handsome face. What the hell was Tony doing thinking about his handsome face like that for?? He needed to focus. “See you later, I guess…”
“I can have as many best friends as I want, stop changing the subject. Are you spying on Tony?”
“He was famous for being a total tank and barreling through almost any obstacle in his way, but just as famous for his last years in service where he did everything in his power to keep out of the press,” Rhodey explained before jumping straight to the point. “And what the hell do you mean babysit? This man could bench press a truck.”
“Goodnight, Ms. Potts,” Just as he was returning his phone to his pocket, Natalie approached, bag slung over her shoulder as she got ready to head home as well.
“You see, that’s the thing. It’s more like what can you do for me,” The genius hummed, curiously enough not making eye contact from behind today’s pink-tinted shades. “Are you free tonight?”
“An’ I wanna hang out with Mr. Steve too,” Peter sat up in Tony’s lap, putting a hand on either side of his father’s face.
“Apparently Mr. America is spending his retirement as an art teacher at the Rec. Center in the afternoons,” Tony sighed, pushing himself into a sitting position and glaring ahead of him. “I love Peter more than anything in this world but leave it to him to get attached to possibly the hottest teacher in existence.”
“Jarvis? The time?” He muttered as he folded the box up and stuck it into the fridge where he had previously pulled it out from.
“Whenever someone tells a shitty joke it just goes ape, absolutely hog wild, and slaps the shit out of them. Here, I’ll show you: tell me that joke you brought up last month?”
“Well it’s not, and it’s so exclusive that none of these schmucks are allowed on the team except for us,” the genius grinned, before holding his arms out wide. “Now give me a hug before I head out.”
“You know what’s not appropriate? How tight that shirt is,” The genius huffed. “I mean did you buy it a couple sizes too small on purpose or do your muscles just do that-”
“My apologies, I must have scared Peter off if you had to go find someone else.”
Before he could ponder that any further, his phone buzzed from where it sat in his pocket. A glance at the screen told him it was Pepper calling him.
“Happy, right? You pick up Peter in the afternoons,” Steve asked politely, trying his best not to gawk at the red head who stood directly next to the man he was speaking with.
"Five-fuckin'-fifty??? Why the hell didn't you get me up sooner!" He called out as he jammed his feet into a pair of chucks and burst out of his bed room.
Steve had the pleasure of hanging out with them one night and nearly called the cops when he saw how hostile they were towards each other. Bucky, who had been living with Steve at the time, was honestly shocked when the blonde asked him if he needed help cutting off ties with Sam.
“Oh! Right, the babysitter thing,” Steve muttered as he pulled his phone out from his back pocket and handed it over to Tony.
Maybe it was because it was frankly uncomfortable seeing the genius without a know-it-all smirk on his face or just because this was getting sad, but Steve decided to have mercy on the billionaire. He went to grab Peter’s bag off a hook by the door.
As soon as he was strapped in, Tony shut the door to the car and turned to Steve. He held out his hand expectantly.
“Well, if he’s so into me then why doesn’t he just ask me out?” Tony asked quietly, his regular speaking voice would seem too loud in this weird silence they’ve lapsed into. “Steve does this absurdly annoying thing where he damn near reads my mind. Figured he’d know I wouldn’t be opposed to a roll in the hay by now, I’m not exactly subtle.”
“Because the man’s insufferable! While he’s not the worst parent I’ve ever met, he’s obviously not giving him enough attention at home,” Steve began his rant, too caught up in his aggravation with Tony to notice Sam and Bucky sharing a look. “Peter is such a smart little guy, and it kills me to know how little anybody realizes it, and-”
“Thanks, but what about you? Don’t you need a shield?”
“As soon as you allow me to update this hideous chrome disaster into a modern masterpiece.”
“He just insisted that Ironman have a metal suit in the same colors as ‘daddy’s favorite car’ from the basement. Peter showed me a picture of it then told me to put a big blue laser cannon in the chest. Honestly, I have no clue where he gets these ideas from,” Steve chuckled, shrugging his shoulders. Noticing how uncharacteristically quiet Tony’s been, the artist leaned in a bit, trying to catch his eye. “Hey, is everything alright?”
“Then we will take this chance while we have it. Agreed.”
“Well when can we see her?”
"Hah" Tony scoffed in response. "You know damn well I'm weak for you Mio Capitano."
"I think it is an excellent idea to hold the concert here. People are shaken true enough, but that just means they need it now more than ever. Christmas is a time when people should come together is it not?" he asked the table, receiving several nods, none more eager than little Maria's. Tony didn’t look at him but Stefen could see it in the tension around his mouth. He was thinking that having the winter concert here would draw a crowd big enough to fill the ballroom and provide Coulson ample cover.
“Hello Bakhuizen, how was your night?”
Willamina and Hortense were hard at work when the trio entered the kitchen, and they did not look all that surprised to see them.
“If I may speak freely sir?”
Natacha slowly got to her feet, and the two had a silent battle of wills with their eyes. Finally, her brother relented. He left, but not before assuring her (and warning his father) that he’d be right outside the door.
Thankfully his younger siblings immediately latched on to the request. They were anxious over James’ condition and Tony’s looming departure in the morning. Everyone was. Tony told them a story about his childhood, in a city by the sea that sounded magical to Ian, and how his mother used to sing him to sleep when he was worried or sick like James.
“This is about your company," the captain stated after a long moment. Damn his eyes. Tony tried not to clench up, refuting.
AN: We need to talk about Steve for a moment. Poor baby is sick and in a very dark place. Also, war isn't pretty and isn't exactly what I would recommend for anyone recovering from PTSD, but in true Steve Rogers fashion, he's going to try and *checks notes* punch his way out of it. I do not recommend you try this at home. To quote MJ, "Stop it. Get some help."
"I regret to say that I can no longer agree to marry you, Major Rogers." She replied blinking back the sting of tears. She pulled the engagement ring he'd gifted her from her finger and set it gently on the desk. Her hand felt so much lighter without it and it was horrible.
“Hello, Buck.” He was unable to keep from smiling at his old friend, no matter the circumstances.
Tony didn’t know. He was so torn… so deeply terrified of making the wrong choice. If something happened to Stefen or any of the children, and it was because of him? It made him weak with fear. He took a deep breath, thoughts racing inside his head.
The atmosphere intensified as their vessel drew closer to the dock and the man waiting there. As Bucky slowed them down and they pulled adjacent to it, Bruce cleared his throat. Brother Simone stared back at him, widening his eyes at the discovery of the boats other occupants.
“Péter’s not here.” A simple sentence, but Stefen made it carry the weight of the world. “I need you. You and Tacha have to look out for the others.”
Steve slammed his hand over the picture, as if covering it up would stop his intrusive thoughts.
A startled breath pushed past Tony’s lips as Steve pushed their mouths together. Steve kissed him desperately, as if any moment now the pressure of Tony’s mouth against his would end his pain and fill the hole in his chest. It didn’t.
As the moment dragged on becoming heavy, Tony wondered if he hadn’t made a colossal mistake. His mind had begun to race with ways to smooth over the awkwardness and assuage the hurt Péter was going to feel, but then Stefen slowly reached out and placed one hand upon Péter’s shoulder and squeezed. Then his other hand was picking the mandolin up by the neck and everybody was clapping with anticipation.
The dreaded Frauline Werner arrives and both Steve and Natacha must make big decisions with the best interest of the family in mind. Bucky has all of Steve's numbers and comes to the conclusion that Steve's growing feelings are dangerous. Steve's feelings continue to grow and he continues to ignore them - until he really can't (no but really. He can't).
Never again, he promised himself. He’d never put anything above Stefen and the children again. Christmas day would be spent tucked in the villa with the children and what gifts could be bought and brought back from the shops. They’d make music and eat the sweets Willamina had left for them by a warm fire. They would tell the children how they planned to leave and make a new life, and as soon as Stefen was well enough to travel they’d do it.
“Father! Uncle Bucky!” a near dozen young voices called out in various orders and the whole lot of them abandoned their lesson to come greet them.
Stefen shouldn't promise things like that. Ian might believe him. Might think Stefen had a choice when he didn’t.
"Sam's family came from Deutsch-Ostafrika. His grandfather migrated here from Berlin as a young man.” Stefen explained stiffly. “Though Sam and the rest of his kin were born here in Austria, prejudices being what they are can make finding fair wages difficult. I was happy to help him."
With their driver taking the country roads at top speed they’d managed to make good time, arriving in the crush of state cars and gleaming automobiles that were trickling through the gates of the magnificent lodge.
’ with the fervor of someone who’d had their honor besmirched and Tony was still refereeing the ensuing squabble when a voice called out from the hall.
Tony had his own fractured relationship with his father as prime example.
Steve’s throat tightened. He couldn’t think of a thing to say. Only that he couldn’t let go.
“We’ve all come here to put a good face on this ridiculous decision. The least you can do is show my daughter a little respect and dance with your fiancé.” Charlotte’s father the Count leaned close and hissed lowly at Stefen. He didn’t seem all that perturbed that Tony might hear, but that was the gentry for you. Tony could recite each of his father’s many long tirades against them verbatim. The worth and the meaning their titles might have dissolved along with the empire after the Great War, but their sort would go to their graves still holding their noses up.
Ian was sitting up in his bed, hair still spiked from where his head had rested on his pillow, sleepy befuddlement quickly turning to fear and alarm at the sight of Steve looming over his bed in the dark.
“No! Father I’m not ready. We’re not been in the water long at all.” James tightened his legs around his Father’s waist, wriggling desperately.
“It got you to stay.” Stefen shrugged, looking wholly unapologetic and Tony wanted to be more irritated than he was. But since he really just couldn’t be, he chuckled and leaned back over to kiss Stefen soundly. He shivered as Stefen took control of the kiss, his hands moving up to frame Tony’s face and hold him still as he deepened the kiss, tongue delving bolding inside Tony’s mouth.
“Very good bambina.” Tony encouraged her with a smile that felt sticky on his face. “See. You’re doing so well.”
"Ah, so it's a different kind of nerves. Well then we'll take two warm chocolates," Tony instructed the host who nodded quickly and began fixing the drinks. When frauline McCabe opened her mouth to protest he cut her off with a wink and an assurance, "there's nothing like warm coco for calming your nerves."
Charlotte was another start. They’d all go spinning in a new direction into… into
He and his family had spent much of his childhood traveling and he’d picked up parts and pieces of many languages out of sheer necessity, but for every place they’d settled and every jargon they’d picked up, they always had something of their own. Having a language of their own meant that wherever the caravan went they knew who and what they were. And no matter how Steve was teased for his blond hair and his gajo father, he knew he still belonged. He spoke what they spoke and they could never be strangers to each other.
“Tomorrow will sort itself out. You’re going to bed now.” The hand Tony had on his stomach clenched slightly, the muscle beneath quivering under the gentle kneading pressure.
James had insisted.
Bucky was deep in his thoughts, but not so deep that he wasn’t paying keen attention to his surroundings. Letting your guard down for even a second was a good way to get ambushed. A flicker of color in the window of a shop snared his attention – he couldn’t say why. But he turned and slowed until he was facing the window, a giant poster with a photo of Stefen’s face had been freshly slapped.
“Thank you, Hammer. That’ll be all.” Stefen barely noticed the disgruntled look Hammer shot his way as he took the parcels from the man's outstretched hand and tucked them under his own arm and dismissed him without a second thought, darting up the stairs to snatch some of the tipping manuscripts off of Tony’s teetering tower and grasp hold of his arm for balance.
"Captain. Captain I'm so sorry. I have no idea where he found this trash but he wouldn't stop!" Hammer immediately launched in but Stefen's eyes were on Tony who was tightly gripping the hands of Wanda and Pietro Lehnsherr who both looked as if they wanted to flee for their lives.
“I don’t know Captain…” Jan murmured softly on her next turn. When she faced him again her eyes were soft, but there was something incredibly tired in them. “There’s a lot of danger out there in the world for a woman alone. People like to take advantage. A woman in my position especially… well she has to walk carefully.”
“No Stefen!” he barked with a surge of anger. It was not selfish to protect your family before others. It wasn’t selfish to not want to see those you loved save themselves. Tony clutched Stefen’s hand, imploring him to listen. “You’re barely standing. Think of the children. Must they lose you too after everything else they’ve lost? Your place is here getting well and seeing to their future!”
But he was here… and that was such a miracle, Tony barely knew what to do with himself.
"I imagine we were trying to be." Péter smirked with a knowing leer and Stefen gave him a warning look as Artur wrinkled his brow.
“You were a beginner once too, Natacha. No one ridiculed your elementary mistakes.” He admonished. He was reluctant to embarrass her by scolding in public, but he could not let her go unchallenged. Even if Aleksy had not fully understood, that didn’t mean no harm had been done, and it was a level of cruelty that Tony could not abide, kicking someone when they were already down. “Apologize to Aleksy.”
“All inventors start small Péter. Let’s focus on something small, like the identification of acids. Something we can show your father and warm him up to the idea of having a scientist for a son.”
“I’ll go with you Artur.” Natacha offered, rising from the couch. “Power in numbers.”
Bucky grinned, arching an eyebrow at her.
“It was a trying day for all of us I think, not just the little ones… You weren’t well earlier.” Péter hedged and there was something too observant in his eyes, too knowing, that made Tony want to squirm. He’d been playing a dangerous game with his life saying the things he’d said to the children that day, giving in to a panic attack and all manner of erratic behavior when the reason why it was so important for him to stay in control was playing out right in front of him. Péter was an extremely intelligent boy and Tony had been
He cradled his drink to his chest; the balmy coolness of the glass had long since faded. He’d regulated himself to just the one glass (no sense in Pepper figuring out who stole the schnapps).
But she was right. Steve
“That was why he came early, yes.”
“Bambino, take some
How could he show such little compassion after what they had seen?
Frauline Werner was a tall woman, slender with a regal bearing that did nothing to soften the sharpness of her features. It was the coldness of her eyes, their slow almost feline appraisal as they took in the welcoming party standing to greet her, that really put Tony off.
“Stark was amazing. The only real word for it. He was a true pioneer. He wasn’t a sailor but he knew his way around a ship like nobody I’ve ever encountered. He knew the guts of it. The first time I ever met him I was serving on the Neptune, one of the brand new dreadnoughts that Stark was pushing out. She was faster than any other ship on the water and her guns, I’d never seen anything that powerful. It even had the Brits pissing themselves. But Stark was still working out the kinks. There’d been a bit of a blow out in the engine room and Stark himself came down, because he was like that with new projects. It was personal with him. He knew every inch of that ship by heart.”
“When we get there-” Tony whipped around to find Bucky looking at him, his shoulders hunched near his ears.
"Tony? Now I'm very hungry." Artur piped up and Tony sighed. Right then. The respite had been good while it lasted.
Tony could have kicked himself for not recognizing the pattern for what it was. Hadn’t he and his mother been kept out of the public eye, only to be trotted out when some necessity demanded it, their lives kept largely a mystery?
“Stefen,” Charlotte's voice was laced with alarm and Steve reflexively flinched, gazing down at his palm to find the source of the unexpected sting. He was bleeding, but only a little. The knife had slipped and cut into his flesh. Frowning Steve pressed a napkin over the wound, watching as red bloomed onto the white.
Someone was slumped over the side of the bed sound asleep. Even with his face mashed up against his arms, Stefen recognized him instantly. Even with greasy brown hair sticking up in odd directions - as if he hadn't washed it in days - Péter was a beautiful sight, his mouth slightly open and whistling softly every time he took a breath.
“Don't you ever say those words! Never again.”  He’d hissed, grabbing him by the shirt collar and the boy had looked up at him with the shine of terror in his eyes.
Steve wrenched to the side, back arching of the bed, the leather restraints biting into his wrists and ankles.
Wrapped up as warm as he could get, Ian grabbed the rifle and left the cabin.
“What kind of a question is that? Why are you a captain?” He shot back defensively, but Stefen ignored it, pressing on with a patient look.
Steve had the fleeting thought that Ian tagging along meant he wouldn't be able to push himself as hard as he would like, and he’d been rather desperately looking forward to pushing himself until he sweat the thoughts right out of his head, but he let the it go, not willing to deny him when it was still sitting so fresh on his mind how easily a man could find his family torn from him.
Over on the bed Rogers continued to struggle with the physician, pulling strength from somewhere as he thrashed away from the doctor's hands. It was amazing really. Dvorak had never seen him so ill, so broken, and still the man fought with every breath. It was disturbing in a way to witness. Dvorak tried to ignore the troubled sounds coming from the bed. But Rogers made it difficult as he grunted and began to moan and mutter words of gibberish. Some of it German, some of it foreign and slurred that might have been polish.
“What – where do you think you’re going?” Magda asked but Steve hardly listened.
You made out alright in the movie. They made me a girl!
She didn't answer, her eyes searching his for god only knew what. Perhaps a better man. Maybe just anything but an old broken soldier at his wits end. It was clear she didn’t find him as she mutely nodded her understanding.  Steve could have warned her it was pointless to look.
“Happy Christmas, Tony!
“Not particularly,” Péter, turning back to his notes, said in that snide way the young were so good at. But of course he wasn’t done, following it up a moment later with a mutter.
"Christ Mary and Joseph," he cursed, pulling his mouth away. His eyes welled up with tears, mouth screaming from the heat. Bucky gagged into his arm with a grimace. God damn it. What did she do, he wondered, empty a whole bottle of pepper in the thing?
Tony flinched, lifting his arms in defense as she beat at him.
He hoisted her up and out of the water and she wrapped her legs around his waist. She clutched at his shoulders, rubery fingers digging into his skin and just when he was admiring the water beading in her eyelashes and the glint of happiness in her eyes, she sneezed lake water into his face.
“What does the Abwehr want with me?”
“She’s all yours Cap.”
“I told em what the army told me, that they were repossessing some of my apartments for military use and I wasn’t dumb enough to ask questions.” Grimm grunted in reply, the premature frown lines around his mouth deepening. That was good, but they’d still need to be careful. There was always danger still if some concerned resident of the building brought too much attention to their presence there.
Steve had thought long and hard on the things Tony had said to him. He knew this was right. This was the best way. And the least selfish. Péter could study and learn without inhibition or fear of harm. Without the burden of the Reich and bullies that dogged his back, Péter might have a chance at a decent life, the life Steve and his mother had always wanted to give him. The life he deserved.
The bottom fell out of Tony’s stomach. Just like that? Booted out with just the clothes on their backs? No food, no money, no travel papers, and two sons left behind them?
Who? Steve rolled onto his back to hide the motions of his hands and so that he didn’t have to struggle so much to look up. But just that much effort felt enough to end him and he sagged down onto his back, his head far too heavy to keep lifted.
Natacha turned her face to hide her grin. Charlotte would never be her mother, but sometimes she was glad to have her as an ally.
“Or whatever you wanted to be. If you want to be anything... Your mother always wanted you to be a doctor." Steve babbled, the words were certainly coming easier now, almost too fast as he tried to back track. “You don't have to be a soldier either. I think she’d like the idea of you-”
“No, you certainly don’t feel delicate, and good thing too. Lovemaking is not always a delicate business.”
He couldn’t bring himself to let go.
“That attitude is exactly why I was chosen, and boy you fellas sure do make a woman’s job easy. I already spoke French fluently because of my father, and I had higher scores than any of the other candidates,” she tartly answered while executing a sharp turn that forced Stefen to lean into the door and Tony into him. “You know, I expected more from
“Surely nothing horrible? “he asked hesitantly. “The men in the caravan, they would have beat me and left me for dead. I always knew that. But I always thought it was different for your sort.”
Steve’s words where followed by a heavy silence, every man in the room still. He swallowed. Johan’s was just young and looking for reassurance that there were doing the right thing.
’ Tony wondered as he slowly turned about the room. Close to the window, on a Bonheur du jour, stood a display of silver framed photographs, blue cotton runner protecting the dark wood from the metal frames. It took him a moment to identify the accompanying objects as medals and then he was blown away by the sheer number of them. Good lord this man was decorated. The captain no matter the boldness of his stature would look ridiculous with all of them on.
“You can’t know how.”
, kept hammering trough his skull on repeat. The desperate ramblings of a fool made stupid and powerless with fear. But Tony was not powerless damn it, and this was not a problem for the gods but a problem of science. There was a fix and we would find it! Starting with the heat in this room. Christ it was hotter than hell in here.
"The days mostly over, Arty." Steve pointed out.
“It does not matter, do you hear me?” Nonna clucked fearfully. “It does not matter if he is kind now, he will not be kind later. It is how they are. They are born knowing how to kill. It’s better if you stay with your own kind.”
“I would never hurt him. I don’t know how to make you believe that.”
Tony kept Péter and his siblings busy with lessons during the day so it was hard for Péter to find a moment alone to speak with either Anya or Péter alone where either one of his siblings or Tony himself was not around. The only one he didn't have to worry about was his father because the captain had barely made it to a meal a day since the pair had arrived, caught up in some important business that took him away from the house for long hours.  It looked as if whatever magic had been responsible for Vienna and his sudden desire to spend time with them was over. Not that Péter cared. He'd always known it was too good to last.
The meeting was clearly over as Herr Hoch wilted and Admiral Erhard stood with a resigned grimace. He thanked Tony for making the trip out (as if he’d had a choice in the matter) and Tony assured him that he’d keep them and their efforts in his prayers.
Steve tapped again. The sound seemed to echo through the room.
"No one believes what he said about you." Steven's said, but his eyes told Tony a different story. They said 'I know the truth, and I don't care', and a moment later Tony knew why as he finished with a kind of painful earnestness. "Your service won't be in vain. Your work will save lives. That’s what matters."
Tony stared at him. He knew that look, had seen it in the mirror a thousand times, on his father’s face, on his uncle’s face and the face of his grandparents. Sieger had already decided Stefen was to be feared and that made him someone to watch. The lesson was repeating itself right outside the window, that there wasn’t much people couldn’t bring themselves to do when they found a need to defend themselves.
Though it certainly didn’t make his job easier Tony could see the boy’s point. Fourteen was too old to be taught at home and he was sure that Péter would have rather enjoyed being at a public school with other boys and girls his age than coddled and cooped up at home, heart condition or no.
Since he’d lost his mind and kissed Captain Rogers, the idea of knocking on the door of Stefen’s study after the children had been put to bed and the staff away for the night seemed too big a temptation to Tony. Enough to send his heart slamming away inside his chest like a drum at the mere thought of it.
A clever girl.  The housekeeper would do well to send her abroad if she could. it wasn't the child's fault she favored the father. Any more than it was his Rene's or Helene's fault that they favored darker relatives.  Her mother's position in Rogers staff would afford her some protection, but not at all times or in all areas. On the street, anyone could say or do whatever they felt inclined to foreigners. He warned Helene often enough. It was hard to tell the good people apart from the bad these days.
“For how long?” he asked, doing his best to sound resigned.
"But the dream was snatched away and then what? You just decided it was better we were done altogether?"
But then again Susann Richter had always been a bit too frank to care about social conventions when it came to friends. He’d always liked that about her.
wellbeing.”
“It’s good for them to sleep in their own beds again.” Tony said from behind him, and Steve turned away from the empty music room – the mattresses and sleeping bags they’d been using for beds since the night of the riot glaringly absent – and turned to glare at the monk, jaw ticking.
He stared up at the bright blue sky for a dazed, brilliant, moment before he sucked in a lungful of air and he flipped over, managing to get his feet under him just in time to dodge a kick to the ribs.
There was, Tony realized. The final piece clicking to into place, his new utterly crazy (perfect, beautiful) plan fully formed in all its bold audacity.
“Oof! Beg pardon Frauline Rogers. I didn’t see you there.” She quickly apologized. Her eyes flickered nervously to the door of father’s room and the young woman shifted back, as if the thing were a snake uncoiling to strike. “You shouldn’t be seeing the Major right now, Miss. They say he’s got the fever. The whole house has to empty. I wouldn’t stay another moment if I didn’t want to see you and your siblings off safely.”
“I’m fine.” Bucky reassured her, delicately pulling himself away from her grasping hands. “Could do with a cup of your cider.”
Péter blinked as a strange hardness entered Wanda's tone, and her eyes narrowed with conviction.
With a clunk of notes Tony dropped his hands and turned in his seat. His expression was blank but for his eyes. Steve had seen that look before in Pietro, Sam, and countless others. More recently he’d seen it in the mirror. It was the look of the hunted, equal parts fear and defiance.
Pushing away from the door the captain straightened up, and he should have looked ridiculous, looming over Tony with his pants around his thighs, but somehow, he only managed to look beautiful to Tony. He shivered when Stefen grasped his face by both hands, eyes staring deeply into his as he spoke slowly and firmly.
Tony swallowed through the tightness in his throat, heart drumming loudly in the silence of the attic. Sitting over on a closed trunk Péter watched him, an uncanny stillness in his posture as they both breathed shallowly into the silence. Waiting.  Tony didn’t expect an answer but he hoped they’d heard. He hoped they told the world, and the bastards finally began to understand what they’d done with their silence as Hitler took power in Germany.
“I'll bring a plate of apfelstrudel” Kurt announced brightly walking away with a pep in his step. So it was the celebrity then and not his company, that had brightened Kurt’s day. While Kurt had tolerated Steve as his commanding officer he'd never gotten on well with Bucky.
"Here," he said, thrusting the small suitcase he’d brought against Clint’s chest, the boy’s arms coming up in instinctively to hold it. "They're going to check us for weapons and before you blow the family jewels try this. Trust me it is better."
“Looks like it’s happening right now. You could let me go Stevie, that’s an option.”
Later when they were having dinner in the Swiss House he teased Tony about it and the monk threw his napkin at him.
~*~*~*~
Steve forced his body to move, furious with its lethargy.
“What would he gain by that?” Steve rebutted, eyes narrowing on the slender prince. Loki crossed the space between their seats and extended glasses toward him and Bucky, giving him a pointed stare.
His arms tightened around Maria as he turned to face Captain Khalmmer. The man’s easy grin was back, and Steve took note of his position. Whether Khalmmer meant to or not he was clearly obscuring the two of them from the questioning gazes of the group he’d left behind. The question was why.
Tony swallowed, noting the sadness that had crept back into Artur’s tone. He finished tying the end of the snare and returned Maria’s triumphant grin before he looked back up at her brother and replied gently, “Frau Hogan will take care of the things you had to leave behind. When we get to Pola we will write to her. Maybe we can have them sent on.”
-Word index -
"Why does Schmidt want you to be there?" Bucky asked gruffly a moment later and Steve replied without looking up from his work.
“I didn't think I'd find you here when I came home. I thought the abbot would have told you we were going to meet and you would have left. Mission completed. Or is the money really worth that much?”
When the boy didn’t speak Tony turned his head, laboring for breath to demand of James who had rushed to the boy’s side when Tony had dumped him into the grass “What the
“If that’s you Cap, go away. I’m busy.” Tony shouted, staying paused a moment longer to hear a reply.  He was glad for it when he heard Péter’s voice come muffled through the door.
"Would you care to walk with me? In the garden," Steve added as if Tony couldn't have assumed that on his own, and Tony was halfway tempted to tell him no, just to see that flustered blush of his once more, but with Stefen it was just as likely to aggravate and send him on the defensive.
“What do you mean?” Pepper asked looking livelier as her eyes following Stefen as he moved toward the back door. “I passed the shed on my way in and I didn’t see him then.”
The mood lifted drastically upon the announcement that Steve had changed his mind about throwing an elaborate Christmas party. Charlotte was pleasantly surprised, and Steve could see the relief in her delighted smile. The children were excited about the prospect of food and music. They asked Tony if they could sing, the canceled winter concert back on their minds now that the dust had settled.
Which really had to be a damn lie, or at least kin to one Tony huffed. If that little display was anything to go by Stefan was just as powerful in the water as he was out.
Anxiety tightened Tony’s chest. And why not? It was heavy material, featuring a cast of undesirables. Definitely not Reich approved.
“Good catch James. Can you tell what kind it is?” Tony asked and James grinned up at him proudly, clutching the jar.
"Save it." Bucky interrupted with a growl, turning away from him to shove the key in the ignition and start the truck with a rumble.  "I know you Stark. I'm not Stefen. I don't want any of your tricks on my watch."
He might never have thought of them again if not for the warning he had received from Farkas. Clinton had delivered it that afternoon, slipping over the garden wall and lying in wait away from Hammer for the opportune moment to jump out at Tony and the little girls, who had noticed it was falling into disarray with Sam gone and wanted to learn something of flowers while their older siblings were off at their programs.
He didn’t want to know what made his children indestructible while others got to be vulnerable, but Kroger was looking at him, hope barely disguised in his eyes.
“Poland’s still got the Jews holed up in internment camps – won’t let them leave the border towns.” Bucky announced, lifting his eyes up from the news cast as they walked in, eyes locking with Steve. “They’re starving, and the Germans are shooting anyone desperate enough try and escape back this way. The Brits are down there, trying to feed the poor bastards. Though to hear the Reich tell it, they’re all actors.”
Grimacing he straightened, purposefully keeping his mind blank as he went about washing and zipping up, and then he left the latrine. He snapped the door shut behind him, only to discover that Kroger was awake and sitting up now. The man met his gaze with a smirk as he asked, “Alright, Major? Got everything in hand?”
A picture worth a thousand words, Tony mused darkly, wondering how long Obi had waited after his father died to take over the office and put that monstrosity up. If not for the painting Tony might have been tempted to think he had stepped through a door twenty years in the past.
Tony watched Natacha leave with Artur and Maria, loath to let the trio out of his sight and staunchly ignoring the irrational urge to get up and follow them. He was irrationally grateful when Bucky ‘s impatient pacing drifted toward the door of the hall. He stopped and leaned against the doorframe with a sigh, head angled in such a way that Tony knew he could keep an eye and an ear on the hall.
“Well…” Bucky drawled slowly, considering the man as he worked. “Even the crazy get it right every once in a while.”
Anticipate.
Within the drawer there was also a small leather-bound journal. When he opened it, Tony found that it was full of names and addresses but no helpful descriptions to shed any light on why Stefen had felt the need to write them down or their importance. They weren’t all local either. There were a couple of English addresses including that of a May Parker, a professor Charles Xavier at Cambridge and one for Samuel Wiess.
“That’s an exercise in futility if I’ve ever seen one.” Tony remarked to Sara who trotted along beside him swinging their joined hands.
“I’ll have my way in this.” Stefen murmured almost gently, before pressing a kiss to Tony’s brow. “Now no more. We’ve got to get clean and dressed or we’ll be late for dinner.”
The door wasn’t locked, as if Bucky was expected. Maybe he was. Maybe it was a trap. But so be it if it was. Bucky pulled the door open and stepped inside, shutting it quickly behind him.
She hit him as hard as she could, fist closed, thumb out, knuckles aligned just the way
“I defend the integrity of our academics; I don’t risk my life and all of yours. There’s a world of difference.”
“Mussolini will not allow them to do what they have done in Germany. The Germans will not come here. Don’t worry, bambino. I’ve prayed on it, God is on our side.”
Stefen barely responded as Tony knelt beside the couch and began to remove his shoes, talking him through it the way he talked little Sara through getting dressed in the mornings. When Tony had removed Stefen’s slacks and began to lower his briefs Stefen winced as the cool air met the mess of semen smeared all over his skin.
“Ah, Antony, good.” Brother Filip smiled blandly as he sipped from his cup of coffee. He set the cup down gently on the saucer her held in his hand and said almost cheerfully, “We were waiting for you.”
“I appreciate the advice, but I’m the adult, Ian” Tony replied. “I look after you, not the other way around.”
For a time he just let the notes flow from him, allowing the soothing sound of music to carry him out of the dark and back to places far from the cold and dark of St. Péter’s Abbey. He was a boy again at home in Pola, standing on the shore with the crystal sea stretching out before him, the sticky sweet marmalade from a hastily gobbled
(twice over) was unimportant to him, but it didn't shake the feelings of foreboding or the fear surrounding the old teachings. At best Steve’s bewitchment with the monk was bad luck and frankly they needed all the luck they could get.
It’s strange. Some days I feel as if I am a million years old, and other days I feel younger than I ever have."
"Yes, if you would, Charlotte. I'd like to marry you. If you'll have us." He took a breath, letting the air in his lungs settle him. "I know it's asking a lot. It's not your ideal... well, anything. But I'm asking anyway."
"It makes me happy to see you lose your mind Stevie," he said with a chuckle, still in Romany. "Makes me feel less alone. I'll speak to Jann. She'll get the twins here, but what will we do then?"
Tony hadn’t meant to say that last bit out loud, but such was his conviction to do the thing right.
engine was going to do twice that in half the time, if he could just get the damn
“I’m sorry Uncle, but your faith in me is misplaced. I had no intention of going to Germany before, and I have no intention of going there with you now.”
He’d resolved to try and dig up some dirt on the man by going to the children (because they were the best source) starting with James because Péter while the eldest was too trusting in nature. Watching him and Stark together it was easy to see that Péter liked the monk and anything he had to say would follow along the lines of burgeoning hero worship.
As Stark left the room with the children and quiet descended once more Charlotte returned to Stefen’s side.
Worried that she would injure herself Tony grabbed for her, attempting to make her be still, but though he had the advantage in size and weight the girls hysteria seemed to give her an uncanny strength as she bucked beneath him.
Damn it all but Rogers was confusing. Tony had gotten the impression that Stefen cared little for the Nazis and their politics, which had only been enforced in Tony’s mind a dozen little ways over the weeks: his changes to the children’s curriculum, the lack of Nazi propaganda in the home, the seclusion of the household, his unapologetic friendship with a black gardener, the things he let slip in his letters about his childhood and his fears for the future.
Ona dropped his legs as soon as they were deep enough into the barn. She darted off to where they stored much of the harvest equipment, returning with a long rope. It was old and it might not hold him if he tried to tear loose, but from the state of him Magda would be surprised if he could manage so much as a tug. He looked like one of the rag dolls she used to play with as a little girl. Only she’d kept her doll well and safe from wear and tear. This man had been thrown away.
Stark put his hand on Péter’s shoulder stilling him and Péter looked up at the man and swallowed, uncertainty in his eyes.
kill Hitler. How long do you think that's gonna last? Asking for a Steve.
He couldn't shake the feeling that he’d missed something important. It stayed with him through the ride, nagged at the back of his mind as they approached Rogers home in the country. The anxious feeling blossomed into blaring red lights as soon as they were greeted. Rogers Butler, Herr Hammer answered the door, and he seemed far too at ease with their presence as he begun to escort them inside.
“Neither do monks,” Natacha shot back at him and Tony shrugged again.
Stark means strong, Tony’s father used to say. A Stark man is an iron man.
And then, as if Steve weren’t knocked back enough a chorus of voices answered Tony, and if he weren’t staring at them lined up in front of the piano Steve would not have believed that
“Bite them?” piped Artur’s sweet voice from beneath the covers and Tony almost laughed.
“Nothing is as it ‘should be’ Cap,” he scoffed taking another deep swig from the bottle. Steve watch the liquid go down, tensing. Any other day this kind of behavior would have angered him but tonight it felt like a test.
That got a few grunts of laughter as the rest of the men began to stir.
“Father Farkas was rather unexpectedly forthcoming with the information. I got the impression he’s fond of you.”
So it had been what four, five years maybe? Tony’s mind quickly did the math. James might only have been three or four the last time he got in the water and Ian not much older than James was now. Seven or eight.
Ian lowered his book eyes wide with shock.
Tony had seen the starving, the ill, and the derelict up close. He'd fed hungry mouths, and prayed over dying bodies because they'd begged it of him, and had tried for their sakes to ignore the painful ache in his heart wrought from disbelief.
The woman sucked in a breath, clutching her robe to her frame and looked past Steve into disarray of the room, Stark and the children staring back with wide eyes.
"Line up now children. Quickly now, we mustn't miss the train." One of the ladies from the Kindertransport called out over the bustle, she and her companion impressively managing to herd their small horde of young charges in an orderly fashion to line up outside the doors. Deiter glanced back toward the table where his own charges sat, spine stiffening in alarm when he was met with the sight of an empty table. He didn't immediately panic, noting that all of their coats remained in their chairs suggesting that they'd merely gotten up to use the toiletries rather than leave the establishment altogether.
Tony’s lips stretched tight over his cock. Brown hooded eyes looking up at him. God he wanted…
Tony followed Bruce’s notes on how to administer the binding agent to the letter. Rapid doses the first day, and then tapering off the next. There was no way to tell besides testing Stefen’s blood to know whether or not the solution was working. Stefen’s temperature still spiked off and on, his lungs were still weak and full of fluid, and he still could not keep much food or water down. It was a good sign that he was urinating more, as hopefully it meant the solution had properly bound to the ions in the metal in his blood and his body was getting rid of it all.
“But you met him, right?” Ian ventured after a long moment of silence. “And he was as smart as they all said he was?”
It was still dark in the kitchen, and Péter took a moment to light the lanterns before he went to the pantry, rubbing his aching eyes as they adjusted to the light. He hadn't slept much the past few days. Truthfully, not since the night of the riots. Maybe Frau Hogan had a point about him getting some rest, but Péter knew he wouldn't be able to sleep with his father's condition so unstable.
“You think everything’s silly Tacha.” Péter drawled with a roll of his own eyes and Tony caught the way she poked her tongue out at him.
A sad smile tugged on Tony’s mouth just as a tender swell of longing tugged on his heart. He replaced the dried sprig and closed the book, gently placing the old girl atop the desk. He was learning that while one did not have to live in the past, one didn’t have to bury it at the bottom of a drawer either.  Stefen could benefit from just such a lesson.
“But where are the crustaceans!” Artur was demanding.
James ran into the room, all lingering traces of gloom instantly forgotten in the face of so many presents. Tony gaped at the disarray of discarded wrappings and boxes filling the room as gift after gift was passed around excited hands and caught Pepper’s eye in disbelief.
Hopelessly out of their depth and too stubborn to ask for help.
“Fathers are all the same aren’t they? You’ll always be a child in his eyes.” Faur Greer whispered conspiratorially at Natacha with a wink. “But you’re a natural with my Oliva, and I’m sure you’re eager to have one of your own. My life hasn’t been the same since I had my first. It’s just like the Führer says. Children are what make us noble. A woman should do everything she can to bring children into the world. The more the better.”
“She’s not dead. The silly bitch is rotting in prison for treason. Her and that husband of hers thought they could get away with continuing to employ undesirables. They know differently now.” Mueller revealed with a dark chuckle, as if they were discussing the weather and not the imprisonment of his own flesh and blood.
Tony held his gaze for a moment longer to impress the fact that they’d be having words about this later – god how he prayed that there would be a later – and held a hand to his lips in the signal for quiet.
“And you think there is something we don’t know.” A statement and not a question. Holmes’ gaze was sharp on Tony now. But all Tony cared about was Stefen lifting his head up to look at him.
“It would be difficult for them to make it up here anyhow,” Dagmar grunted in response, and Karlina sighed, commiserating. “Life on the mountain can be hard. But we help each other through. Dagmar, in the morning you’ll help him find the way back. I’ll send you both with some fresh linens and my good soup.”
"No one to make sure they were eating, no way to bathe, no one to give a damn what was happening to them." The monk continued to berate in a scathing tone. "Surely if there is a god in heaven he would beg us to show them more kindness? If he won't then I will. Stefen, if not for their sake then for the sake of your own children, I implore you to do better."
“What’s going on?” she asked, scuttling over to hide under her big sister’s outstretched arm. Father left Charlotte, taking the stairs in swift strides to meet Sara, who had noticed and begun to run towards him.
“A ball?” Steve sputtered. He vaguely remembered receiving an invitation to such an event, but he’d thrown it away as the expense had been ridiculous and he’d do a lot for this charade but he drew the line at balls. Bucky hummed in affirmation and Steve stared at him aghast.
“We leave in the morning,” Tony grumbled rising from the chair with an unamused scowl, still coming back from the fright she’d given him. “So we’d better help Artur find his shoe, before James loses his head.”
“I guess this is goodbye, Stefen.” Sam began after a moment of thick silence.
Artur’s whole face turned red as the breath was driven from his stomach and his grip on the vest slackened. James pulled it away, his face spreading into a triumphant grin. It was short lived, because Artur, cheeks puffed with rage, tackled him headfirst. His curled fists swung like windmills as he shouted to bring the roof down around them.
Charlotte was not a stupid woman and it would only be a matter of time before she drew all the right conclusions if Steve couldn’t get his damn head on straight. Bucky had meant what he’d said that night.
“The people have a right to vent their frustrations.”
"Captain," Tony croaked into the silence.
“You leave your Da to me. Have I ever steered you wrong?” he pressed and Natacha’s fingers bunched in her skirt. She was wavering he knew.
He put all his strength behind it and swung the broom, ducking when the glass gave way, a few of the raining shards nicking his bare skin despite raising his arm to shield himself. He righted himself quickly, gesturing for Tony and in an instant Tony was there beside him, looking up at the window with a dazed expression. Steve grabbed his shoulder and brown eyes met his.
156 hours and 18,120 seconds.
“The men are saying people are in shock. They don’t want to think poorly about Stefen, and nobody wants to see the kids get hurt.”
They both heard the sound of the door to the attic stairs opening, but Steve was loath to turn away from the machine for even the second it took to answer Bucky's shout for his whereabouts.
!” he beamed at them. The sweetness of their voices raised in song was almost as pleasing as the pride brimming in their eyes at his praise as they finally achieved perfect harmony.
“You have a lot of nerve calling my father’s very best friend such terrible names.” she snapped instead, narrowing her eyes at him. She was happy to see his stupid smile start to falter.
It was overwhelming, but he was getting a better handle on it after he’d embarrassed himself their first time around. He wouldn’t falter like that again. Tony wouldn’t have to sooth him like a babe when he should be the one that Steve was taking care of.
Stefen had Natacha’s foot resting in his lap. He’d removed her shoes and stockings and was cradling her swollen ankle gently between his palms.
Was he overreacting? He didn’t think so. If Stefen had been the one to catch her like that she’d be dead. Speaking of dead, it was damned
No. No god tell him nothing! Steve bit down on his tongue until he tasted blood in his mouth, desperate to let nothing slip out. He didn’t know if this was happening again or only in his head but he couldn’t risk it.
“I’m home now, you could show me after dinner if you like.”
“We’ll get them there.” Stefen declared in a tone that conveyed certainty. As if there was no other outcome possible. It would be, simply because Captain Rogers willed it to be.
“Crustacean,” Artur supplied primly, doing a very fair impression of Virginia. Steve grinned.
“We had to walk to the border of Czechoslovakia, which wasn’t so bad. We hitched a ride with a truck full of laborers headed that way. They had other boys on their service year with them so we were lucky. We asked for a stop to pee about an hour out and slipped away, crossed the border about ten miles away from the road and didn’t see any patrols. It was easier to find people willing to help us get to Poland once we were on the other side. The Czechs hate the Germans because they take more and more Czech land every day. They say it’s to protect the people and retaliate against those who still resist them taking over the Sudetenland, but everyone knows it’s a lie. It won’t be long before the whole country is under German control. Just like here.”
“Know what became of me?” Tony finished for him with false levity. “That’s what happens when you decide to devout your life behind abbey walls.”
Tap, tap tap, echoed him from across the room.
“I’m fine,” he managed to bite out, the words stuck behind his teeth as he swallowed down a groan of pain.
Other people might be impressed to receive an invitation to the Führer’s home. But more and more Ian was beginning to think Tony had been right, and that other people were too stupid to know better. They had to be stupid to try and forget so quickly what they had done. Ian hadn't forgotten. Nobody wanted to talk about the riot. Least of all Ian, who could still remember the way his heart had lurched and pounded like it might come out of his chest when that man had grabbed Maria to take her. He wasn't sure where. Away, somewhere... or maybe just to hurt her.
“Did you...” Péter fumbled to a stop, suddenly embarrassed to ask after Tony. He wasn’t sure why. Herr Stark was their tutor after all. Part of them. The household that was. Father had always maintained that the household was important, even the staff, because they were all family and as head of the house it was very important for him to care for the people within it. With Father gone that meant Péter was the head.
Chest clenching Tony leaned over to cup Stefen’s cheek in order to keep his mouth where he wanted it, whispering, “Thank god for that.”
“She’s just turned it wrong,” he answered lowly in the wake of Tony’s unspoken concern.
“They’re going to take whatever you let them take Steve and a lot more than that. Who you are, what you stand for… don’t let them take that.” Bucky huffed after a long moment. “And the Stevie I know wouldn’t turn his back on family.”
It was not his first time on a train but such was the life of a monk that it had been some time since Tony had traveled first class on one. He was gratified that Stefen’s unnecessary efforts to woo him had continued in this area. He’d never been so thankful to see plush cushions on the seats and a pastry trolley making the rounds. It was not such a long journey between Austria and Germany but several hours in a thunderbox could be a test on the nerves when one was packed in like a sardine on a hard seat.
Didn’t matter. Whichever it was Stark was a growing problem.
He folded his hands behind his back and planted his legs, looking down at her small form. She blinked up at him, her hands tightening into fists as they crumpled the hem of her skirt. She was clearly terrified of him and yet there she stood, barring his way like a tree planted firmly in the soil.
need to apologize? Anybody sane would be ringing up to have the man committed.
Tony focused on packing up his things as slowly the Rogers children began to gather themselves as well as their own things. He didn’t look up as they shuffled from the school room, indignation and quiet anger still simmering lowly inside.
His laugh was a little more strained this time. Thankfully at that moment the royal party was announced. All five of their foreign guests descended the grand staircase in a glittering procession. Even from where Steve was standing in the crowd Norway’s Crown Prince was unmistakable. Perhaps he’d ask for a pencil and sketch them for Maria, there had to be paper someone could fetch. Tony had written about Maria’s never ending questions about the prince and his wife.
Steve scooped her up, his head spinning with dizziness and full of what ifs.
"If I go to Switzerland, then you can't give up on your ideas. That's the deal or I won't go."
But now, he'd changed. Now he said things just as dangerous as Herr Stark did and it didn't make any sense!
Captain Rogers’ service in the “Howling Commandos” is one of the most well-known stories in the world. It was there, in the inter-allied commando unit, that he famously earned the moniker “Captain America”. It wasn’t until recently, thanks to declassified documents, that it became publicly known he was active in the war effort much earlier than that.
Her hand hit the counter top hard and sent pain shooting through her wrist. The jarring sensation was followed by a sudden clatter. The kitchen maid Hortense cried out in alarm and Natacha jerked, confused and trying to make sense over the unexpected pain and the sharp sounds in her ears. She wasn’t sure what had happened, but somehow the little pestle and its wooden bowl were laying on the ground, crushed almonds scattered like soot at her feet. She must have pressed too hard, and the bowl had slid out from under her.
That's twice in two days Steve has managed to make Tony that defensive.
'Dada,' Pete keeps smiling at him, 'an' me an' Dummy an' You an' Jarvus.'
Steve takes the lift down as far as the communal floor and then sets about preparing the massive batch of coffee for when the others start arriving.
'They did,' Tony interrupts and waves a hand dismissively. 'This had nothing to do with wormholes.'
What did she interview him about last time?
It's for the best that Pete isn't here to hear Tony's response to that news.
Steve nods,
'Hey,' now he's not holding Pete he's much more aware that he's half naked.
'Did I just interrupt your meeting?'
Steve pulls back to see Tony staring blankly at the opposite wall,
'And if the child bares an uncanny resemblance to Steve?' Bruce asks, but he's smiling so Tony's pretty sure he's happy with this plan.
Tony comes into view. His shirt is hanging open, which explains the light, he has no pants on, his hair is a mess and his eyes are drooping.
'Tony, what's wrong?'
'I do not believe so,' Jarvis replies gently.
'I love you.'
'Jarvis had to make Dada coffee today,' he's informed, 'and Dada had to make breakfast!'
'But you're Cap's favourite too so that's not fair? Cap needs to be someone's favourite.'
'You have many,' Thor sits down.
'Jarvis?' he squares his shoulders.
'Sure,' Steve gives in and quietly joins Pete with his action figures.
'Natasha,' he sits back down, 'hello to you too. You're up early.'
Tony blinks at him then walks passed the Bentley to one of his sports cars,
‘Fuck, this is a whole new level of hell. I made Captain America cry. I’ll be facing a firing squad in the morning, just you wait and see. The President himself will pull the trigger and I’ll be dead. Please stop…’
'I know,' Steve shrugs, 'I meant how you were as a kid; obviously you looked cute.'
'I didn't mean...' Steve knows he's blushed scarlet by now. 'Why are we friends?'
He didn't try and stop him.
'And what do you like to play with your Dad?' she beams.
Steve lets himself relax.
Tony walks over to the other man and puts his hand on Steve's arm,
Steve takes in the colourful boxes along the way and moves to the kitchen.
Tony just looks baffled,
‘God, Tony, I’m sorry,’ Steve tries not to stare at Tony’s right shoulder which even with the armour on is clearly several inches lower than it shoulder be.
'Thanks,' Tony shoulders himself away from the wall and crawls onto the bed.
'You always sound like you're insulting me.'
'Oh, thanks Jarvis,' Steve stretches and tries to flatten his hair as he stands up.
'Why when looking forwards do you always come to the worst possible scenario?'
'Yes, sir,' Jarvis agrees.
'Christ...' Tony surges back against him and claims him in a possessive kiss.
'What the hell, yes please,' Tony grins.
'You've known the entire time,' Rhodey was right; Steve looks stricken.
'Tony!' Steve curls in on himself as he comes hard down Tony's throat and then drops back on the bed and pants.
'Why?'
‘It’s alright, I’m fine,’ Tony rubs one hand over his eyes, leaving the other against Steve’s chest.
‘Jarvis?!’
Steve doesn't know what to say.
'Hello,' Pete gazes at her.
'I would,' he agrees. 'And stop that.'
'It's going to be fine,' Tony repeats softly and starts pressing kisses to his neck. 'Come on, let me distract you...'
'Come on,' Tony loops his arms around Steve's neck. 'You were with me a moment ago.'
'I think we need to get the exits covered,' Clint gets his phone out.
'Nearly complete,' she replies and gives a little sigh of relief, 'have you ever noticed how shrapnel is always disappointingly small compared to the amount of pain it causes?'
'Thank you,' Steve blurts suddenly, 'for the painting. I mean it's insane and far too much and I have no idea what to do with it, but thanks; it's beautiful.'
'Not that Stark isn't a great guy at heart,' Clint voices what Steve's been thinking, 'but why does he care so much about what happens to the kid? No offence, kid.'
'You should have just come and got me,' Tony shrugs.
'I...' Steve's brain has short-circuited due to horror. 'Creamkitten?'
‘Not a lot,’ Tony dismisses but looks a little pleased with Steve’s concern. ‘If I can neutralise it I’ll need a new reactor casing already, as well as the reactor itself. If it takes me too long then it will start to corrode the reactor itself and then I’m dead.’
‘I can find out quickly enough what I’ve created in that time and what I’m working on. I don’t think there’s anything else I really need to know.’
How can anyone think to argue with that?
'I do this pretty regularly, sugar.'
'Thanks,' he calls just before the door would have closed. 'For this morning. Thanks, Cap.'
