Later, he’d comb through every detail of the night and analyse every part of it and worry himself to death.
It was three days before Tony could face the chaos he’d left in the workshop - and even then, only because he’d run out of other ways to distract himself from thoughts of Steve.
Steve looked over to Tony, standing just behind him now. He saw Tony sigh in recognition, and then look over at the man with a faux-cheerful smile.
“I know all your worries were about the big picture. The long term and the underlying meaning. And… you’re not wrong, about that being important. And, looking back, maybe I was just… unwilling to even engage with that. So desperate to fix things
...Of course, she hadn’t given him that slightly nervous, quizzical expression the first time he saw her - but then, he hadn’t beamed at her like a maniac, the first time.
“Seriously, what the hell is this?” He demanded, grinning too much to really nail the delivery. “Who ever heard of a ball pit where you have to tread water?”
Then Bucky grabbed Steve by the shoulder, pulling him up onto his knees, holding Steve’s back against his chest and pushing even deeper into him. A sharp, startled cry fell over Steve’s lips, his hands clawing fruitlessly for something to grab hold of.
So much so that the physical sensation almost faded out of focus, as Steve settled into that fast, brutal rhythm. It rolled below the surface, a wonderful, uncomplicated euphoria throbbing beneath the far more spiritual elation that had overwhelmed him-
“No, I’m not here because I knew your dad,” he very deliberately answered that question first. “I’m here for
since Steve left, which had felt frankly ridiculous. Lying poker straight on his mattress at 3am, not even remotely tired,
moment, and he suspected that would always be hard… but, partly, it was because he was taking on a personal challenge, trying to say this out loud.
of it… and his feelings just weren’t as grown up or as logical as that. And suddenly, he wanted to say them
“So, usually we start with a little summary of The Facility, a little history of the place and what we do here, all of that. And please stop me if you’ve heard all this before – but, often, the things that seem important to you when you leave aren’t the same things that seem so important when you arrive, and a lot of the time people forget to mention those sorts of details to people when they make referrals, am I right?”
...He was always thinking ahead to how things might sound, and how much he might let slip, and how he was going to deal with the
Even as he was slowing down he was yelling at himself to keep going, to keep his head down, to pretend he hadn’t seen Tony and hope Tony wouldn’t see him-
“Please,” Steve groaned, caressing his palms roughly over Tony’s thighs. And Tony just hummed happily, and placed his hands over Steve’s, taking hold of his wrists with a warm and patient grip.
“And they did all of this to you, and there was a whole timeline where I knew that and I never said a thing about it,” he sighed. “A whole timeline where I just… Wasn’t thinking about it, and that was that… But, you know, if you’re crazy for thinking that SHIELD might be watching you, then we both are. And honestly, I don’t think it is us - I think the people breaking into houses and bugging people are the crazy ones, personally.”
Whatever happened, however it had to look, Tony was entirely sure that he’d spent the rest of his life making sure that Steve was okay.
“Tony,” Steve whined, having writhed as far down the bed as his restraints would allow him. The tip of his cock was starting to burn from the loss of contact, the tension pulling so tight across his hips that it felt like something might break-
Steve was still feeling overwhelmed and exposed when he came to choosing his second destination - so he decided to go with whichever idea felt the least significant to him, in the moment.
had a sex slave. That, if it was suddenly put in the real world, there would be all the unpleasantness and the wider issues – the stuff you put aside, when you’re indulging in a fantasy, just for a moment, just because the
already thinking about how to cover himself, how to avoid fucking it up - how to get out of the conversation before it all went wrong.
walking away from this, with all these confused ideas swirling in his head. He wouldn’t be truly free to think about any of it, until he could stop thinking about the next time he saw Steve.
the right thing, given the chance - if he was sure that he wouldn’t put his own happiness ahead of anyone else's, or let it motivate him to do wrong…
He did remember so many of the moments they had shared, the times they had relied on one another, the things they had achieved… Things that would still be gone forever, even after he met another version of her.
“Well, he wasn’t really a talker,” Bucky remembered dryly. “He didn’t really tell me any of what he was doing… But I don’t remember him saying anything about installing anything…” And then he glanced over at Steve, for confirmation, and his eyes immediately widened in alarm.
be sharing and storing information via this specific system… Which, on the one hand, will make it very hard to crack that system from the outside. This whole setup is designed to be self-contained. Unless they choose to link the entire thing up to the main network wholesale - like because they want to launch Operation Insight or whatever - it’ll be nearly impossible to even
Now, this pleasure was all there was – the intensity of it, the build of it, the desperate need for more of it even as it was crashing over him-
“Well, I’ll have to run the tests before I know the specifics, but it’s going to take a few more appointments,” Tony explained. “I’ll go through the details when Bucky is in the mood to listen, but, basically, it’s going to involve a lot of smaller procedures. There’s just no way to do this thing except a step at a time – his body is going to have to learn each upgrade separately…” Tony had to stop himself from getting carried away with the technical details.
, of his own body. Aware of the air moving against his hands and neck, the feeling of his clothes against his skin, the exact shape and weight of all of his limbs...
… A side project that Tony would never have thrown himself into, if he hadn’t been so desperate to avoid Steve and Bucky, after… after what happened…
have the ability to kill groups based on their DNA.” Steve informed her, seriously. Her lip quivered.
at an alien Folk Dancing competition right now - and why Steve was at a narcotic flower show. Because Steve had so stubbornly insisted that Tony’s idea was ridiculous, and therefore Tony had to insist that Steve’s plan was pointless.
“Okay, Tony,” Pepper tried again more softly, stepping over to him so that she could put a gentle hand to his arm,
His curiosity had led to a few slightly braver internet searches, back when he was still new to the 21st Century, but the imagery he found was always violent and spiteful and ugly. It wasn’t that any of it frightened him, or offended him - on a purely academic level, he could understand why it appealed to some people… it just
to pay attention as Tony explained the step-by-step details of the procedure… But it was just a list of words in his head. Steve couldn’t engage his brain at all right now.
He really did try to do the right thing - to check himself, to think about how to be mature and realistic and fair…
bite Steve like this. That he would give into this temptation, however intense and physical it was, if it would hurt or scar Steve. When he was supposed to be helping Steve-
He huffed a surprised laugh at himself, as he blinked the last of his tears away and took a good look around him…
Steve had spent most of that time thinking through the familiar cycles. Anxieties and fantasies that he’d run through so many times, it was like he’d worn grooves in his head – which just made it easier for every train of thought to run that same way.
“I’m trying to minimise the number of trips to the bar” Tony explained, when Steve raised an eyebrow at him. And, when Steve looked back, he saw that the woman was now bent over it-
He couldn’t be completely confident that anything inhuman or supernatural had ever happened around Steve - or if Tony had just been having this irrational reaction to him, all along. If, maybe, Nick and Wesley had just been intimidated by Steve in a perfectly normal, human way. If Steve had simply lost his temper last night, or snapped under the pressure, as any person might.
to be tense and hard and desperate when Steve found him. He wanted Steve to know how much he loved it when Steve fucked him like this. He wanted Steve to watch him come.
Steve had always known that being bonded to a vampire would change him. Even before he learned anything about vampires – he’d felt it happening. The physical reaction he had to Tony, the awareness he had of Tony’s hunger, the sense he had for Tony’s moods… Steve had always known that being a consort meant being something more than human. Something
And then he felt Tony sweep his fingers over his prostate, and his whole body jerked involuntarily, a truly whorish moan just falling out of his mouth.
Pointedly, he reminded himself that this was the home of a once great, now dead civilisation. This was the birthplace of a millennia of epic history and the final resting place of so many of Thor’s friends - it demanded more attention and respect than he was giving it…
And Tony was suddenly overwhelmed by all the things he wanted to say to Rhodey – and by all the parts of it he hadn’t worked out yet, and all the things he didn’t know how to describe-
An almost wistful look came over Tony’s face then. Just for a second, and then he just blinked, and carried on.
This had always been one of Tony’s favourite places; an iconic luxury hotel in the centre of Paris, famous for two centuries of effortless class and quality. This specific suite - although not the fanciest one available - was still the first image that sprang to mind whenever he thought of the historic elegance of France. It was a light, airy space, decorated in white and gold leaf, furnished with high-end silks and antique silver. The king-sized bed, draped in gold fabric and flecked with light from the chandelier, used to make Tony think of the palace of Versailles-
Steve exhaled, hot and hurried, fidgeting more urgently against this new source of friction, both of his hands clawing through Tony’s hair now.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Steve replied merrily, turning to face him again. “I’m afraid I only help people when Tony Stark asks me to. So, if I were you, I’d start making nice with him
Unthinkingly, Tony took a sip of his drink – and then pulled a sour face at it, and set it aside. Somehow, it was both fierce and flavourless in his mouth, a bitter heat that pooled unpleasantly under his tongue…
always been hurt, that he was supposed to be grateful for such compromised, begrudging affection. Maybe he’d always been bitter about being seen as a burden, or a project. Maybe there had always been a tiny, deeply buried voice that asked why someone couldn’t love him just the way he was - something that nagged at every attempt to build a relationship with a reasonable person that probably
“And, wait, ‘you don’t know if that’s a bad thing or just a thing’?” Rhodey remembered. “That’s what you meant when you said you
But the nights spent wondering if Tony liked him, or reliving their every interaction, or asking himself if
perfectly human - or, at least, he was sure that he would always have thought Steve was incredibly hot, right now… But the depth of feeling that Tony was capable of seemed to be increasing by the day. He wondered if it was possible that he actually felt attraction differently now. If he maybe just experienced
“...I came to return this,” Steve skipped to the end, his hand still slightly unsteady as he held the Soul Stone out between them. The Red Skull simply looked at it.
research files…but, when you read them…” And he stood aside to show Steve, a whole page of neatly typed notes, which Steve tried very hard to pay attention to,
Stape finally looked away from them and turned his attention to the equipment he was setting up. Steve felt his limbs begin to tremble, his breathing suddenly high and tight in his chest. And then he glanced over at Bucky, who was looking back at him with a confused sort of concern.
,” he breathed, revelling in the freedom of simply speaking his thoughts. “So sweet, and kind, and earnest, and brave…”
he was prepared to take a leap of total blind faith like that… Could Tony risk the thing he cared about most, on that little information? Could
was fucked either way - already committed to this warped, unknown future, because he didn’t ask enough questions of the US Army. Why
For Pepper to bring every spectacular quality of herself together, to help Tony when he really needed her-
Steve saw Bucky flex his wrist, and then glance first at Dr Stape, and then at each of the guards in turn, and then at the door. Steve understood entirely – and he understood that it was his job to get Dr Stape into position.
Tony winced, as he rolled his head and shook out his arms. It certainly felt like he’d been lying in the same position for ten hours. He’d done it often enough to be able to judge these things. This was the dazed sluggishness that came after he’d worked way beyond his own limits, and then slept for far too long afterwards. The painful stiffness that only happened when he’d slept deeply enough to stay completely still. The dry thickness in his head that he only got after ten solid hours in bed. Or, on the couch – hence the
“I’ve missed you too,” Tony grinned, pressing a soft kiss to the side of Steve’s face before he lifted his head to look at him.
“Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you,” Nick explained, still managing to sound as though he didn’t feel any need to explain himself. “He thought - we think - the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That's something the world sorely needs.”
come to Tony, not now that Tony had given so much of himself, not now that he’d taken so much of Steve as his own… The thought of Steve being with Bucky – with
about holding it there. He didn’t register the slightest effort on his face, his muscles didn’t tense, he just… Didn’t let go of Steve’s hand.
you take the blood no one else wants. And it just seems like you taking that from other people is… like it doesn’t make any sense. Maybe I don’t know what I’m talking about, but, I mean, the stuff you drink, does it actually keep you healthy?”
“-but, yeah, it’s uh, my eating habits are pretty bad,” Tony manged to finish, through his giggles. And then he heard Steve take a sharp little breath-
, just because you make everything look so much better than it is… I don’t know, does any of this make sense?”
“Hey,” Tony smiled – and took a step closer. Steve looked up in time to see Tony glance down at the carry case, his arm lifting almost hesitantly towards it. Steve took a sharp breath, and willed his hand not to shake as he held it up for Tony to take.
He could take everything in at a sweep, immediately spot the patterns, retrieve and review theories in his mind even as he was reading ahead to something else.
He slid his hand into Steve’s, and felt the gentle strength of Steve’s grip warm all the way along his arm…
Smiling, Steve took a sip of his drink. Lemonade… And something he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
than perfect,” Steve went on, shifting his weight onto his knees again so that he could lean back just a little. “You can be perfect without being
… But a couple of glasses was enough to loosen Steve’s shoulders, and soak the sharp edges off of his excitement, and let him feel like he was joining in as Tony sipped his scotch.
And then Steve smiled at him, seemingly reassured that Tony understood what he was saying, and added,
get to meet a person who astounds them and excites them and challenges them, more than any fantasy they could’ve dreamed up. They never get to meet someone as beautiful and brilliant and brave as Tony Stark. They never get to experience a love affair this all-encompassing, this life-affirming – this
“And the easy part of that is - I can promise you, you aren’t fucking this up,” he said, more resolutely. “Even if it feels like it sometimes. Even if you still feel lost and confused and… broken, sometimes. That’s just the things that have happened to you. That’s always going to linger a while, no matter what sort of person you are afterwards - so you can’t use that to tell you what sort of person you are. But I can tell you what sort of person you are. And I can
“No, because you look like shit, and this place is a mess,” Rhodey answered casually, standing up to leave. Tony snorted a laugh.
to convince himself that it was all because of the ‘truth serum’, and the potential, ever-rippling consequences of saying something he couldn’t take back… But that very train of thought was so familiar. That was the
like Jarvis had always done with him… Then Steve would feel exactly the same as Tony had, when Jarvis did it. He’d feel even more guilty. He’d feel even more embarrassed, and even more eager to run from it, because
“Okay, so just answer me this one question,” Nat suggested, taking a step closer to him. “Is he a creep?”
“I know,” Steve sighed. He’d known that anyway, even before this little interlude… to be honest, he’d been surprised that Bucky had let him get away with it for this long. And, up until tonight, that had been yet another item on his increasingly hysterical list of things he really couldn’t deal with…
no. Tony was sure of that. Every cell in his body instinctively recoiled from this idea, every part of him knew it was wrong. He was terrified to even think about it.
So, The Accords do come up. However, neither Steve not Tony really get into what they actually think about them or any debate about their actual political opinions - this is more dealing with the *way* they discussed things in CACW, and how they might go on to talk about things in the future. They both make apologies for how they dealt with the disagreement, rather than saying they've rethought or amended their actual views in anyway. Any specific apologies given are for the way things came out/wording/tone/approach and not for any of the principles of views they once held. It's not stated whether they have or haven't rethought their actual politics, really, it ends on the idea that they have a lot more (hopefully more healthy) political discussion to do in the future.
” was basically entirely muffled by the sheets, before it broke into a high, pleading whine. He jerked back more sharply, finally able to push himself up onto his elbows, trying to force himself back against Tony’s mouth-
An immediate swell of love and affection and optimism, and all the nice, simple feelings he’d been looking for all this time.
They both looked toward the noise and then back at one another. Steve scanned the room behind him. Tony looked towards the door, and then at Steve again. Steve nodded, subtly dropping into combat position as Tony walked over and opened it.
“...This truth serum thing,” Tony mumbled, awkwardly. “I mean… Have you felt any powerful urge to just say what you’re thinking, or…”
“Yeah… So, thinking about it… the drug show is probably the worst place to learn about the drugs…” Rhodey said, very slowly. Nat barked a laugh, while Pepper carried on staring out over the field. And Steve…
“Oh, I’m sure you do,” he nodded, “I’m sure you know exactly how I feel, and exactly what I’m thinking, because clearly you know everything. So, perhaps you know enough to answer a few simple questions - have I committed any sort of crime?”
Tony, in the last six months… being so hurt, and not knowing how to be. Not being able to reconcile a life’s experience with something he just felt. Telling himself that he couldn’t be hurt and shouldn’t be hurt and could never show that he was hurt…
“So pretty,” Steve murmured against his throat - and then nipped lightly against his skin, teasing with the very edges of his canine teeth. Tony gave a breathless yelp, his entire body flinching into it, dissolving into shivers as Steve covered the same spot with an intentionally sweet, chase kiss.
And he wanted Tony to feel wanted. He wanted Tony to feel loved, and needed, and beautiful. Steve wanted to take all that pain and doubt away from him, just for a minute. He wanted to be the thing that made Tony feel good.
… But it was so hard to think back to that moment and not love him. Everything Steve remembered about him was through this filter, every little detail came with context that he couldn’t have known at the time – but couldn’t unknow, now.
That tension eased another notch, the thaw finally reaching his ribs. He took a deeper, more comfortable breath before he carried on.
“So clever,” Steve whispered close, punctuating it with the same barely-there scrape of his teeth, and the same tender press of his lips, a little lower down his neck. Tony’s heavy panting was interrupted by desperate, high pitched squeaking sounds as Steve carried on in that same pattern, marking every kiss with an endearment,
that he did already know that Steve was the most beautiful man on earth, so really, he should’ve been better prepared for this…
And, maybe, if he’d had more than a second to process the situation, it would have occurred to Tony that he had to save Bucky for
“Oh,” Tony blinked, scrabbling to remember what excuse he’d contrived to call Steve in the first place… “Oh! Yeah, I, uh, wanted to tell you about this… thing that happened…” And even as he was speaking, the enormity of it was overwhelming him. All the ways he thought of wording it sounded far too mundane. And he realised – or rather, he heard himself
Steve was going to drink the alcohol, even though it was a risk – because, hey, he was already drinking the water and eating the food and breathing the air. He took the risk of being killed or ambushed or mind controlled on every mission. They’d just have to be careful.
they don’t mean anything. Because if they meant something it would be all awkward and complicated and not fun anymore…”
Tony’s hand reached out for one of the bags – jolting briefly at the shock, as he felt it moving under his palm.
He could see the guy trying to blink himself awake, his face already contorted in pain, his body trying to curl away from the visible dent in his shoulder.
He only briefly tensed when he felt the caress of damp cloth against his neck. Relaxing against it before he worked out what Tony was doing, for no other reason than it was Tony doing it. Tony, stroking a warm washcloth over his throat, and chest, and stomach, carefully washing the stickiness away. And it was just so…
Breaking out in a sharp, delighted cry, when Steve nipped lightly at the sensitive skin behind his ear.
So, firstly - I know these two still have things left to discuss, and a *little* bit more talking to do before they're really in a good place with this... But I figured they'd been through enough for the moment, and deserved a little break.
Tony was entirely overwhelmed for a few seconds, his body weak and surrendered in the wake of his climax, just riding Steve helplessly… and then, so quickly, some of that tension returned to his arms. He braced himself to push back against Steve. He started to roll his hips again.
like a thousand bright lights in the darkness – painful to look at, and impossible to look away from…
And then he saw Adam move – just wiping his face again, actually, but it was enough to trigger Steve into responding. He was on his feet in one fluid movement, suddenly glaring down at Adam, his fingers still curling and uncurling as he fought his bodily hatred of the man. He saw Adam still, his eyes widening at the sheer speed with which Steve could move, his body melting away from the physical presence of him. For that brief second, Adam looked entirely different. Smaller. More human, when he dropped the mask of a calm messiah.
Tony actually giggled. He just didn’t know what else to do with all this joy. And Steve glanced down at him, his eyes still soft and heavy, that wry, questioning look that Tony had seen on his face so many times…
He was so overwhelmed by the desire to bundle Tony up against his chest that he couldn’t believe he’d ever felt any other way about him…
hadn’t done anything wrong, that he’d controlled himself as much as the drugs would let him, that he’d done his best to make sure Steve wanted it, that he probably wouldn’t have done it without Steve doing everything he could to push Tony toward that temptation…
If Tony had met Steve in another life, if they had both been human, he would’ve been happy for an initial interest to develop into a physical draw, and then an emotional yearning. It would’ve seemed perfectly normal that he’d want to commit more of himself to Steve the more he grew to like him. No one would have questioned why they took risks for each other, or made compromises for each other, if it turned out to be true love. Tony would’ve accepted the effect Steve had on his body, known it was real,
“We figured out what was going on. We found the missing agents – they’ve been through some stuff, but they’re going to be okay. We collected all the evidence we need, we arrested as many bad guys as there were on the premises, we got into a bit of a firefight when it came to taking them in – but I’m
“So, don’t think about it right now,” Steve offered, almost eagerly. That tone a kid uses when they think they’re winning the argument,
Tony kissed him harder, pressing his fingertips more firmly into Steve’s muscles, grinding into him deliberately. He let Steve writhe against him, allowing him to get himself more worked up-
For the time being, Steve simply stopped the train of thought dead, replaced the Aether, and picked his next destination-
“I love you,” Steve whispered back. And he saw Tony hear it. He saw the way Tony’s eyes lit up, the smile that warmed through his entire body – Steve saw how much it meant, he felt it, and he
earn the level of respect and trust that Steve could apparently never lose. He even hated Steve a little bit for letting it go tonight – and yes, he knew he’d told Steve to let it go and he would probably have hated Steve for
So, Steve sat patiently, and Tony rattled through his points, occasionally bringing a holographic display into life over the coffee table, to prove something that Steve hadn’t actually questioned. Steve kept his eyes fixed on Tony, or whatever Tony was showing him, nodding along with Tony’s logic. He spoke only to answer direct questions, or give the occasional assurance that yes, he was following so far.
And, as Tony shrugged his way out of the last of his clothes and settled himself into Steve’s arms, relinquishing himself completely to the warmth of his chest, he recognised that was all he cared about too.
That particular issue especially panicked Tony. It complicated and frustrated so many other things, sometimes threatened to unravel him completely. Those moments when he really thought he might be getting somewhere, on just one small element of it – an article in a medical journal that sparked an idea, a passage in some ancient text that helped shape how he was feeling, a train of thought that threatened to actually lead somewhere – and then suddenly he’d just hear it,
Tony huffed out a joyless laugh, that tension in his forehead sharpening into an actual headache. He knew he was annoyed by that,
And then Tony thrust into him harder, sharper, hitting that sweet spot inside him and holding him there.
to snap him out of his haze. Well, enough that he was now feeling slightly confused and uncomfortable about his own desires, rather than lovestruck and dizzy… That was closer to the appropriate response, right?
be able to help, all the positive changes he could be a part of - the Bucky, and the Tony, that he could make happy.
And, as he was letting this joyous revelation settle, he noticed Steve looking at him. His eyes more focused now – obviously indulging in his thoughts of his own…
Tony sighed, all alone in his kitchen. His cheek was still damp from her casual kiss goodbye, the air around him still ringing with her cheery
There was a dull, searing pressure, that crawled all the way up his body as Tony slowly filled him up. Steve tried to catch his breath, his hands wrapped so tight around the chains that his knuckles were white, his shoulders trembling as he felt Tony’s thighs push up against the back of his legs-
,” Tony exhaled, strolling past Steve and back in the general direction of the couch. But he didn’t sit, and neither did Steve. Tony saw the way that Steve looked him up and down, the subtle little swallow… He couldn’t help wondering if Steve was thinking any of the same things he was.
. I’m annoyed that you tried to lie to me again, that you tried to tell me that you didn’t know it was him, that you just
. They’d also been given countless recommendation about where to go at different times of the day, and what to wear – and what drugs to take.
Of course, it was no comfort whatsoever to have finally worked out how he felt about Tony. Maybe it would have been, on any other night. As awkward and difficult and destined for heartbreak as it undoubtedly was, on any other night it might’ve at least helped Steve make sense of some things…
take advantage of this situation – take advantage of Tony. And if Steve really couldn’t trust himself to make as much effort as possible, if there was even the slightest chance he’d… then he’d have to step back.
“I said I was sorry,” Bucky groaned – and then he corrected himself in the exact tone Steve had just used, “Wait, no I didn’t. I’m
But the one thing that had seemed sensible, and bearable, was ending this professional obligation. Saying it was over
But in his heightened state of hope and relief, it simply occurred to him to wonder, and then it was falling over his lips…
He was just floating in this wonderful feeling, just letting it happen to him, just letting it feel good… just that.
Of course, he knew it should be the mission - at the very least, he should probably figure out exactly what the mission was-
Eventually Tony broke away, pulling back just enough to look up at Steve, his arms still draped around Steve’s shoulders.
“And I have this for you.” Zan added quickly, already thrusting her hand into her pocket to retrieve a little spray bottle, like a miniature perfume dispenser. She brandished it at Tony, eagerly, like her desire to get out of the room was growing the closer she got to the end of this.
By then it wouldn’t even have occurred to Steve to scream or cry or beg. By then, those were things he just didn’t do.
And Steve couldn’t remember now what part of that process he’d reached, when he’d paused in the stairway to think about where the hell he was… But he decided to skip to the end.
Steve felt that familiar pride bloom up in him, soaking into all the other sensations currently pulsing through his body – every pain, every pleasure, was heightened and focused by the awareness of what it was doing for
...That he’d just spent two hours daydreaming about a future with Steve, and it hadn’t frightened him at all.
something… Which was probably the only reason he didn’t think to make an off colour joke about how long Steve could hold his breath.
The nightmare he’d been running from was an image of himself transformed into something else, something animal – or
anything you could’ve done to stop that from happening,” Steve pushed on, before Tony had the chance either way. “I think, if you’d been in your right mind or had any control at that moment, it wouldn’t have happened… and I don’t think you really had any choice about
anything else,” Tony said instead. “That’s what I’m telling you – I really don’t know anything about him. I don’t know if he’s smart, or funny, or aggressive, or, I don’t know, he could be a white supremacist, for all I know.”
But, tonight, Steve was filled with such a dreadful, painful hope. Knowing how unlikely this was to work, and how very much he wanted this to work…
he blame Steve, for what had happened in Siberia? Did he really think any of the things he’d said, while he’d had Steve chained to a bed – did he
Adam” He looked back at Tony, who flashed the indulging smile he’d used for a million unfunny corporate jokes. “He came here with a research team, following a theory that innovative new drugs could be made from the unique natural resources here. And, when he arrived, he found that the local population were indeed incredibly advanced in the field of intoxicants and pharmaceuticals, even though they weren’t much more advanced than us in other respects.”
This fic now includes some truly incredible art by Snowzapped, which is featured in Chapter 5 - if you haven't seen it yet, I fully recommend you check it out. It's amazing.
going to take his blood… and drink it. So, he could at least forgo all that back and forth about whether he should try to explain to Steve, or pour the blood away, or any other bullshit like that.
that being brave, and sweet, and secretly sassy, were qualities he would always have fallen in love with. He
He was aware of the voices around him, and the feeling of movement when he was wheeled from one room to another, but he felt like he was floating through it, in a dream. He had to concentrate a little to keep himself pliant and unresponsive when they were taking him out of his uniform and checking him for injuries and putting him into his faux-1940s outfit - but, luckily, at that point the doctors were more interested in watching the monitors than Steve’s face. He drifted away again when he heard two consultants discussing his ‘encouraging recovery statistics’, and was reassured that they were buying his performance.
Steve chastened himself for the little stirring of optimism, every bit as much as he had his stab of disappointment.
Tony immediately went to unfasten Steve’s jeans, his movement blunt and clumsy. Then he curled his fingers over Steve’s waistband, jerking his pants and underwear down over his hips in one rough tug. Steve had to break the kiss so that he could shuffle his way free of his clothes, Tony grabbing at him the whole time. And then Tony let his hand stroke over Steve’s stomach, revelling in how smooth and warm and
“It’s… lots of things,” Steve huffed. “It’s… the fact that I’ll age and die in front of him, and he’s going to live a thousand years. For a start.”
Steve felt his balls tighten painfully, his cock weeping steadily against his stomach as he listened to the reaction murmur through the crowd. He grabbed Tony by the hips, trying to disperse some of that desperation, sucking harder against Tony’s skin.
Tony found himself trying to pull those aimless observations together, put them into some sort of order – actually thinking about them for the first time.
Tony had been so kind, and patient, and thoughtful, and when it was right in front of him it had been so easy for Steve to get swept up in it, to feel safe and comfortable around it…
He’d wondered, more than once, how it would’ve felt if he’d managed to kill the Winter Solider before he’d realised who he was. He’d tried to imagine the awfulness of that moment, if he’d pulled back the mask and realised not only that Bucky was dead, but that
That it was actually okay to end a relationship, to decide someone didn’t deserve his love for no other reason than they didn’t return it. It would have been a completely valid reason to walk away… he didn’t have to justify that.
In terms of fair warning, I should let you know that this particular scene is a fade to black, and the next update will start 'the morning after' - although there IS more smut in the next update, if that helps to compensate :-D
“I think that’s a yes.” He sighed, trying to keep the animosity out of his voice. And then he looked back at her. “So, how long have you been here?”
Steve dropped his eyes and swallowed hard, clearly floored by that. Tony watched him struggle to find the words for a second or two-
knew he was wrong for. He would never have called Steve to tell him he was sorry for attacking Bucky… He hadn’t said that in the six months Steve had been back-
Steve was driving himself mad with the repetition of it, but every attempt he’d made to stop himself had proven even more stressful. Without that, it was just the endless cycle of ever more horrible thoughts.
“Well… Well, they- they said… They said that Captain America might get, you know, might, try to help you out-” Wesley stammered, shuffling towards the wall as he spoke, like he was trying to hide.
By the time Tony was standing with him, calmly waiting for Bucky to come around, Steve felt a genuine contentment that he hadn’t felt in a long time.
“Well, not unless I stop you actually drinking it, forever…” he joked, weakly, awkwardly making for the elevator. “I’ll, uh, see you upstairs?”
group of people when someone else is trying to bully them - whether it's an alien warlord or a Hydra cell posing as a government. And I
“And, it’s like suddenly there’s no context,” Tony continued, with a gentle smile. “Like, okay, everything I thought I knew was wrong… so what do I know now?”
“No.” Dev laughed kindly. “It’s not like there’s ecstasy in the reservoir, or that you can get high on the air. It’s actually very trace levels of completely natural minerals which, over time, can have an almost imperceptible effect on a person’s mood and physiology.”
Bucky, or what Zola was even inferring. I remember wondering if Zola just made the whole thing up… And… You know, it’s
The peculiar look that would cloud his father’s features whenever someone mentioned Steve, or Operation Rebirth - the mix of guilt and fear that Tony could never name, but seemed so obvious now.
“And, when I look at you – now, especially… I know I do have something to make up to you.” A more aware sort of sincerity had come into Steve’s voice now, a
Everything he’d learned, every effort he’d ever made, every sacrifice and hardship and failing up until this moment… It all seemed to fit into the context of this final task.
He should have pulled out of this mission before it even started. Everyone had been looking at Steve to object, when someone – probably Bruce, he couldn’t remember – had pointed out that Tony should probably take someone enhanced, seeing as they couldn’t smuggle a lot of tech in… And, one by one, they’d all turned to look at him, because Vision still wasn’t the same after the stone had been removed and Wanda would’ve made even less sense…. And, even as they all worked out that there wasn’t a counter argument to the suggestion, that there wasn’t a better candidate… Even then, everyone knew it was a bad idea.
Steve. That low growl that had been pushed into the background by all these other neurosis and panics… but had never gone away. The part of him that had wanted to call Steve back just so that he could touch him.
he called Steve to say no, this morning? Had he been lying to himself, this whole time? Was there ever really any chance of him resisting a temptation like this…?
Tony found himself just following his feet. It wasn’t that he’d decided this was a good idea so much as he’d forgotten the question. The only conscious consideration left in his head was whether he’d reach the lobby before Steve left it, and how he’d go about finding him in that case…
’ for her, after she spent three weeks pretending to be a personal assistant called Natalie Rushman. But I’m
about Afghanistan, Nick. Tony finds out the person closest to him had set him up to be killed. He has his body modified without his consent. He was locked in a room and ordered to engineer on demand. And then you send someone in to get close to him, and set him up. You stick a needle in his neck without warning, much less asking for permission. And then you lock him in his house and order him to engineer on demand, or else Coulson will taze him - which would have killed him, by the way. What, were you trying to run a tribute to his trauma, Nick?”
Steve smiled in spite of himself, as Sam’s tirade faded down the corridor. Then he heard the microwave ping cheerfully beside him, and turned to give his meal an unimpressed glare.
Rhodey hummed a good-natured smile at that, setting a casual, friendly sort of tone for the question that followed.
He looked over to the side table, and got his first real look at them - at least eighteen long stemmed imperial roses, in a familiar shade of deep crimson… and tied with a gold ribbon.
Steve’s head started throbbing as the battery of camera flashes started up again, Tony standing like a barricade between them, like he was taking the blows. Tony waited patiently for a few seconds, not moving or posing, before he sighed and told the guy,
He’d been so enamoured with the idea of doting on Steve, and the image of Steve being happy and comfortable and safe… He’d not stopped to analyse the idea all that deeply.
And then Bucky drew back his shoulder, and threw back his arm, and punched Tony right in the jaw – with enough force to send him flying clear across the workshop.
But, as Steve carried on talking, his words coming faster and more fluidly and with a certain sort of…
been goaded into speaking honestly back on earth – by something other than a drug – then he was pretty sure he would have cried. That his reaction last night was only a slightly exaggerated version of his true feelings – that his phrasing might’ve been dramatic, but the things he’d said were all true…
Without even realising he was doing it, Steve bowed his head lower, dropping his shoulders. And then Tony let his hand slide down between Steve’s legs, stroking over his thigh. Steve was forced to pinch his lips together, a strangled little
He roared again, the gauntlet raised to where the shot had come from, his other hand covering the wound that was already bleeding through his shirt.
He had to concentrate to keep his hand steady as he unfastened Tony’s belt. And then, in a fit of eagerness – or possibly nerves – he curled his hands over Tony’s waistband and tugged his pants and his underwear down over his hips in one sharp motion-
have an excuse. People who assumed he was judging the rules of their relationship – when really, he’d only ever tried to explain the sort of commitment
How much Steve still wanted to kiss him. How much he wanted to remember that night, and relive every inch of Tony’s skin, and-
He swallowed hard, letting the exhilaration settle into something more comfortable before he looked up at the house again. And then he smiled, his heart still fluttering behind his ribs as he walked up to the door and rang the bell.
“My beautiful Steve,” Tony whispered, his voice tightening, that control beginning to fray at the edges,
“No…” Tony repeated, realising a lot of this as he was saying it. “No, I understand making a mistake, or digging yourself into a hole. Better than most people, actually. If you’d have said
Steve rested his weight on the wall behind him, and let his gun dangle as a dead weight in his hand.
the effects of the serum. Yeah, the fact that all of his biological processes had been enhanced added a layer of complexity. It meant that Steve felt physical urges more strongly than other people, that he had certain…
took another second for one of them to come to his senses and fire a shot – a tiny little dart, lodged into Tony’s shoulder.
Even before he really knew any of them, Steve had understood what he’d just become a part of. Even in the depth of trauma, he’d felt that ray of hope...
sorry for, at one point… But he’d had a lot of time to think recently. Not only on his unexpectedly impactful mission through time, but in the six months he’d already been in this timeline.
He didn’t really know what he was saying. But, in the moment, it felt as close to the truth as he could bear to say out loud. As much of it as he could find the words for. Because he couldn’t say
on… what was here, before.” Again, she sounded defensive – although Tony wasn’t even sure what point she was defending herself
life. Dimitri never once doubted that he was exactly as he was meant to be, that every event in his life had happened exactly as it should – he had the ultimate, unquestioned proof right there in his arms…
Buoyed by his new sense of purpose - and deliberately leaning into that certainty - Tony braced to stand up from the couch, already thinking about where he’d filed his father’s old research books-
be good enough. Even though I know I’ve messed it all up so badly, and I could never expect you to forgive me… If you’re willing to give me a chance, I promise, I can be good enough, for you”
“When Dev was telling me all about the proud history of drug harvesting, you ran off somewhere?” Tony prompted. And even then, Steve had to struggle to find the memory. It’d seemed fairly insignificant at the time, much less when there was all this in his head.
to consider Bucky’s particular issues with trust, the things that might make specific treatments more difficult for him. Thinking objectively, as a doctor should, Tony had easily recognised that this particular anxiety might be eased, if someone Bucky trusted was in the room with him. It was an obvious way to reduce the downsides of the patients preferred course of treatment…
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Steve hissed, silently begging Tony to argue with him, still rocking against him.
.” Tony forced himself on more brightly, taking a breath and sitting himself up more, before he moved on to the next section of his plan. “Which is supposed to be about the fantasies that are just fun at the time, right? The things that don’t change anything when you leave the room, the things where you don’t even want to think about the background – the things you just want to
It did help, to clear the air and clarify the situation and cleanse the soul… Well, if it was done like this.
“It’s okay.” Tony soothed. And then he grinned, thinking how important it was that he could finally say these words,
Steve was briefly taken aback by the question. That emotional static fuzzed up over the top of all his calm, logical plans - as it always did, whenever someone mentioned Bucky.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, on autopilot. He didn’t even know where the words had come from. Tony gave his head an affectionate little shake, and shuffled closer.
The problem was that Steve didn’t feel any connection to these long dead people - especially since he’d started reading this file. Now that he knew exactly how much human science and everyday engineering had gone into creating him, how many centuries separated him from the last of ‘his kind’... Now, these were mundane stories of the lives of strangers, and nothing more.
it, and whether it mattered, even hypothetically… Those were questions Tony had been driving himself crazy with all week, questions he already knew he couldn’t answer-
worth of work into this cover story, and taken particular care to avoid as much conflict as possible-”
be some stuff you got to change your mind over. Like just believing that he made you into something horrible…”
, that the Mallamens enslaved these people in order to make themselves rich and powerful?” Tony challenged – scooting left, ever so slowly. “Did you know that Mrs Mallamen, whatever her name is, is only working with you because she needs someone to blame for her crimes – so that she can avoid prosecution, and ascend to power?”
Giving his body weight over to Steve, letting Steve hold him, and move him - letting Steve set the pace and then meeting it, eagerly.
“I gather, you don’t usually get drunk, when you’re drinking like this?” Belle asked Steve directly, as the redhead unfolded four little legs from beneath the panel – thin, and long, and sharp, like needles…
“For intentionally getting you wasted” Tony sighed. And then, when Steve frowned at him, he added “I know, it’s ridiculous, and that’s what we were there to do and neither of us could know, blah, blah, blah… I dunno, habit probably. I just… feel like I should say sorry right now” He shrugged. He saw Steve pinch back a smile.
“Here,” Bucky muttered impatiently, holding it out for Tony. Still somewhat stunned, Tony simply reached out and took it, finding that it was in fact a large white sheet - or, rather, one of two large white sheets, the second of which stayed grasped in Bucky’s fist.
the two remaining guards a clear shot, keeping his arms outstretched so that they had a bigger target-
He didn’t really know what responsibility he had in this situation, what behaviour would make him the asshole-
. And it somehow didn’t matter that he still knew he wouldn’t be any of those things tomorrow, it still didn’t stop the totality of that feeling
The tension spread into Tony’s shoulders, as he inched his way forward to peek around the edge of the dumpster - astonished to catch a glimpse of Sam disappearing around the corner of the building.
wanted to kill Obie, when I told him,” and Tony glanced up in time to see Rhodey give a stoic little nod of solidarity. “And… it’s all so big, it’s like it won’t fit in my head. I keep thinking about all these things I…
And it was like hitting a vein. It was the sudden overwhelming rush of finding the words for something he thought he’d
“Well, you know how to get in touch with us,” Nick sighed, when it became clear that Tony wasn’t going to say anything. “Think it over. See if you might want to come in for a look around, at least.”
to do it… I want to feel something, to care about something that much, to believe in something like that… I want the sort of thing it would hurt so much to lose, because that’s what makes it special to have it. And I know it won’t look like anyone else’s life… But I like the way it looks.”
He’d spent the first two hours after Steve’s return hidden away in his workshop, under the direction of a wordless anxiety that he ‘probably should’. And it wasn’t that he’d talked himself out of that, so much as the cabin fever had gotten to him - and now he didn’t know whether he should feel guilty. Whether he was supposed to be talking himself out of a ridiculous, irrational paranoia - or whether he should’ve listened to that warning and run.
– shut down any tantrum from Rhodey if he really got in the way… it was just simpler to appease him, until he did.
“This is Wesley. Something attacked him,” Tony answered, very carefully. “No idea how bad it is, so I want to get him to the hospital as fast as we can, okay?”
“I haven’t changed my mind,” he said. “I mean, I promise I’ll tell you if I do…” he paused so that Tony could nod at him, approvingly “...But, no, I was
“Well, we’d have to work the details out.” Tony answered, softly. “You look tired.” Again, Zan just nodded.
“Look, maybe you got into this thing to help people – but what if you were wrong? What if you’ve just been tricked into helping an
Well, whatever it was that’d stopped him telling Tony all this, Steve was sorry for it. That much he was sure of. He knew that he wished he’d said it all sooner, that Tony had never felt unloved or unwanted – that they hadn’t wasted so much time.
Tony stared again, as humiliatingly obvious as he’d been the first time that he saw Steve. Tony even knew he was doing it. It was just…
Which made this whole thing so much stranger, so much more impactful, than meeting with an extraordinary creature that had always existed - that had always been fundamentally separate to himself.
There was just no way that these topics had been picked at random, and no way they were being looked at in isolation. They had to be connected by
Steve would never really be able to make this apology to Tony, because it would never really mean anything to him. This Tony could never really understand what happened, or have his say on it… or forgive it.
He squeezed his eyes shut, and gave his head a shake, and warned himself to concentrate. When he looked back at the tower, his vision was obscured by purple shadows, but still, he finally managed to pick out the shapes of at least two people standing by the entrance. They were both wearing dark grey uniforms - completely removed from the florid, fleshy aesthetic of the city centre - and standing in a posture that was instantly recognisable as ‘bored security guy’.
whenever Steve was there. The frantic, nervous part of him that was soothed by Steve’s presence. Just that.
“So, what, you didn’t think of it? You didn’t think it mattered?” Bucky went on. “What, you just didn’t want him in your little gang?”
His body trembled, not sure what to do with the afterglow, while Tony’s teeth were still buried in his hip. Not sure how to tense and soften all at once,
“We don’t know anything, about anything, at all,” Pepper replied bluntly, which set Nat off on another fit of the giggles.
grow old with, or have a family with, or go to the beach with… years he’ll have spent cooped up inside with me, and this weird ass life.”
, to keep pretending that Steve had no personality - to stubbornly pretend there was nothing positive about him…
“Oh, I have no idea,” Tony answered, immediately. And then he thought about it. “Well, no, what I mean is, I have no idea what the fuck is going on, or what’s going to happen. But, yeah, you were right. You always are.”
“Uh, well, I did,” Tony winced, falling into line next to Steve. Unthinkingly, Steve matched his movement, so that they were both walking slowly down the corridor again as they spoke.
, the reaction is this. When the water’s only 25%, people react like that – do you see what I mean? Then it doesn’t matter if you have a slightly different concentration in your blood than mine, because you drank more or went for a jog or whatever, because that’s not the thing your comparing. You’re not
It was being able to say, just to himself, that he was happy with the way things worked out - even if other people weren’t. Knowing that, however flawed his choices, none of them were made with his own happiness in mind. Recognising that he couldn’t help it if circumstances favored him for once in his damn life… that he couldn’t help everyone who wasn’t so lucky.
you get one or two people do that, because executives have all flavours of midlife crisis” Tony conceded. “But, if that’s a pattern…
All at once, everything fell into place. A sense of understanding overwhelmed him, far quicker than the words for it.
Maybe it was simply that there was no one here to see him, no one to maintain the illusion for. Maybe the enlightenment of Camp Lehigh was still unfolding in his head. But somehow, these thoughts weren’t immediately swamped by his own self loathing, as they should have been.
they do. I’ll be able to access their secure server. I’ll be able to watch their activity. I should even be able to take control of the system remotely, once we’re out.”
A moment when he could just kiss Steve, and run his hands through Steve’s hair, and whisper that he loved him… and for that to just be good…
...tried to ignore the terrible, compelling idea that maybe everything he was didn’t make him a total jackass, so much as someone very few people could live with…
“Oh Jesus Tony-” Steve gasped, cut off when Tony kissed him again - messy and demanding, this time. Steve kissed him back just as hungrily, pushing Tony’s lips further apart, devouring his mouth as he carried on rutting against him, teasing that compulsive pleasure ever closer to the surface. He grabbed shamelessly for every inch of Tony that he could reach, clawing frantically at his clothes, groping at his ass and thighs as Tony writhed in his lap.
“And then you turned up, and all the Adams seemed to think you were special, and then, when I saw you I really
Steve felt his whole body seize in frantic need as he pulled Tony into him, kissing him hard. Tony melted into it, finally releasing Steve’s hand so that he could throw his arms around his neck… Smiling, still.
from deep in his gut. No matter how determined he was to ignore them, Steve could still hear those anxious questions starting up at the back of his mind,
Steve felt his cock twitch again, some of the tension returning to his legs as his floaty, blissed out thoughts came back into some sort of focus
“Making this all about me.” Tony clarified. “Thinking you can put me first in every situation, that you can put
“...Rossinhol something,” Wesley muttered. “Some guy just called me, asked me to get some pictures. You know. It’s… what I do…”
Most of them were still just confusing and vaguely unsettling, at this stage. The practical issues of trying to translate texts from medieval languages, when the ‘correct’ translation would probably sound ludicrous anyway. The frustration of finding pages that referenced the earth’s rotation around the sun, or the curative power of leeches – and made Tony feel completely ridiculous for actually studying them. The way that creepy words or graphic descriptions could come at him seemingly from nowhere, turning an otherwise dry text into something frightening or embarrassing or eerie.
He simply stood there and let it tremble through him, feeling like this delighted, hiccupping rhythm would just never end.
ever happened in this particular warehouse, before today. This whole floor was just cold storage for one of SHIELD’s New York medical facilities, stocked with run-of-the-mill prescription pills. It didn’t even store anything addictive or that could be misused as a recreational drug - those things were kept in controlled storage, looked after by people who
“I know you can take out an army all on your own - but this is not just any army, is it? And I would like you to know that I really did listen to that, and I know how much you’re dreading this, and if I thought I really wouldn’t make a difference then I swear I’d just sit this one out, just to make you feel better. But - if you stop being nuts for a minute - you
Obie's deliberate campaign of coercive control and emotional abuse, in which he convinced Tony to hate himself and rely only on Obie, as a means of taking over the business.
That he wasn’t here because of the familiar, aching frustration. That this desperate, searing need wasn’t just
He felt Tony snuggle against him, and he glanced down. He found Tony looking up at him with those warm, dark eyes, a soft sort of sympathy in his expression…
“I thought every day for two years about telling you about your parents… and I remember thinking that, I didn’t have any evidence that it
He’d never imagined he would be one of those people who could just pull the person they loved aside and kiss them, just because they wanted to.
Steve smiled, but didn’t say anything – by now, there were the sounds of other people, down past the end of the hall. So they carried on in silence, strolling through the foyer and down the main corridor, keeping up their pace until they’d reached the final room before the basement. Another ‘lounge’ by the looks of things… They both paused, as though they were considering whether to go in or turn back. Tony glanced at his watch.
Of course, there was an element of wishful thinking in that. It suited Tony, on multiple levels, to section off the unpleasant parts of his reaction to Steve and attribute them to Howard...
And, with that thought, Steve once again pulled himself back from the brink. He pointedly lowered his head, and picked up his pace, thinking only of rounding the corner at the end of the corridor before Tony saw him-
“You did?” Steve frowned, suddenly confused - obviously baffled as to why that would be a bad thing… “How?”
naturally assumed that because this subject was fundamentally rooted in all those areas he struggled with – sex, and social expectations, and interpersonal relationships – obviously, it would be confusing and frustrating to think about it…
In this moment, his mind focused by that scent, his entire body flooded by this all-consuming adoration for Steve… Tony knew exactly what this really was.
But more important than the scenery was the certainty that no one was going to wander past the house. There was no one to notice his comings or goings, no traffic cameras or occasional police drive bys for him to keep in mind… It
“Okay – stay there and see if you can read anything else useful while I’m doing it.” Tony suggested, as he walked back over to the panel.
Steve felt as though he was outside of his own body, floating high above himself, watching himself make the faltering journey down to Tony’s workshop, like he was watching someone else...
In the end, Maribelle hadn’t wandered by the soft room again for another three hours – although Tony wouldn’t have known that, if she hadn’t ratted herself out by apologising for it.
He ran a firm hand over his face, and then leant forward to search for wherever he’d last gotten distracted. On the plus side, it did help his focus to remember why he was doing this in the first place.
It wasn’t just that Tony happened to look so beautiful, with his hair falling forward into his eyes like that, and his lips pursed in thought. It was that he looked so very
He even gave a jaunty little wave before he turned on his heel to leave. He made it three wide, comfortable strides before Nick found his voice, and called after him in a panic,
or just told them what I thought and let them, I don’t know, decide what they were going to do – and it isn’t like that, and it’s never like that.”
He let the rush of that scent wash over him, along with the wave of affection and the thrill of anticipation, all part of the same dizzying charge.
“…Former estate staff, I think” Steve added, glancing at the screen “The people who worked here when the troops were enslaved, maybe?”
And then Steve’s hands, pushing his thighs apart, and the firm press of his fingertips into the sensitive skin at the very top of his legs – and that excitement kicked into gear again, twice as hard now.
“I prefer not to” Adam carried on, relaxing his arm “But, unfortunately, a more nuanced use of Tabula Rasa takes time, and preparation. If you go to attack me, then I’ll have no choice but to use a blunt instrument – and I gather you don’t want that. So.”
to kill this man for what he’d done to Steve, to make it as violent and frightening as he possibly could…
“I don’t mean that. I mean… anything you like about me, you couldn’t have known then, right? You didn’t have any reason to like me or not like me,
being in love with Steve, and all he’d wanted was any reason to keep doing that… Tony realised how he’d pushed that line back so many times, negotiated himself down and down on what he could accept as an acknowledgement or a reason… How he’d
And there was a stab of pure panic right in the centre of Tony’s chest, as his brain leapt to a single conclusion-
to value Tony’s input, or be hurt by his suffering. That he didn’t owe Tony an explanation for any of the things he was
Something he thought he’d never get the chance to do - because, even if he had eventually followed that urge to learn more about himself, Steve never in a million years dreamed that SHIELD would give him the actual files…
...What about in twenty years from now, when Tony was grey haired and tired, and Steve still looked like
” Tony gasped - as his body tensed into Steve’s chest. He held completely rigid for a second, his heart racing under Steve’s lips… And then Steve felt him shudder, a trembling, pleading breath falling over his lips as he came.
sign them - and when you couldn’t I wished you well, and Clint retired… And then I wasn’t prepared to let Ross and his men take you out at an airport. I was worried one of
“Come on, if we want lots of people to see you, we’d probably better circulate” Tony said, scanning the room before he added. “I think the bar at the back has the best clothes to people ratio.”
“Pepper bullied me into it,” Tony began with a sigh, and then flopped on to the other end of the couch.
But Tony clearly wasn’t worried about that, and therefore neither was Steve. Tony decided those things, now.
Drinking again should probably have been on that list too, just to be on the safe side - but he’d well and truly lost his appetite, so he’d have to wait and see if he could face it again in time.
“I love you,” Tony told him, stroking a hand over the side of Steve’s face, urging Steve to look at him before he carried on. “This is all because I love you, because there is so much about you to love. That’s where all this comes from, it’s the basis of all of this, it’s all that matters – you know that?”
, the whole team and broken up and Thanos had come to within an Infinity Stone of snapping them out of existence.
“Yeah.” Tony nodded “She said there was a Maribelle, a Louise, a Wang, and a Dr Simonetti – and she didn’t know anyone else’s name.”
Well, obviously, he hoped Tony didn’t wake up and regret everything. That would be awful, for all sorts of reasons… And Steve didn’t much like to think of the position he’d be in, if that happened. What he could possibly do to ease Tony’s feelings about it all, under the circumstances…
the wrong, made it his responsibility to apologise and make this right. Like there were some things you just knew better than to try and rationalise, or blame the other person for – at least, if you really did want to go home.
to you, I didn’t know what level of interested or impressed or attracted or grateful to be, because I knew I couldn’t tell you how much of all of that I really felt-”
Because he was trying to think of anything he could say to distance himself from what he’d just said-
you ‘the sort of person’ who gets an anxiety attack at the train station, just because you have an anxiety attack every time you walk into a train station? That’s a stupid question, right?” Tony laughed back.
And then Tony pulled free, letting Steve’s blood trickle down over his arm, hot and thick and rapid. Steve’s head swam as that pressure released, the fog punctured by a little spike of pleasure with every beat of his heart-
that came from somewhere between his instincts and his cerebral functions, above his thoughts and at the root of all his basic impulses, all at once.
Tony groaned, and sat up, and threw his arms out sulkily. Then he let  his head fall back against the couch, huffing angrily at the ceiling.
Bucky had volunteered to go with Tony ‘so that he’d have a super soldier with him’, and Rhodey had awkwardly offered to go with Steve as ‘tech support’, and Sam had avoided saying much of anything - all so they could make very clear that they weren’t on anyone's side.
...But he can still feel it, thrumming under his skin. An instinct to move, an alertness that he doesn’t know what to do with…
“My mom’s parents were Italian, and Italian food was literally all she could cook,” Tony mused. “Everything else she ever tried was always a total disaster – not that she tried much, actually. Our kitchen was staffed, when I was a kid.”
think, you should’ve told me what was going on earlier, called me after what happened at the compound with Zemo, or whatever…
“... I don’t even know,” Rhodey frowned. By now he seemed more tired than high, which Tony took as a sign that things were moving in the right direction. He glanced at Pepper, intending to ask the same question - but found her lost in the middle distance, a comfortable smile on her face, and figured that was an answer in itself.
When they got to the front door of Tony’s mansion, Steve was having to clench his fists to keep his hands from shaking. He didn’t think he’d ever been this nervous.
He stripped out of the rest of his clothes and stepped into the shower as quickly as he could, with his legs as weak as they were. His skin felt as though it was crawling with dirt. And, even though he already knew he wouldn’t be able to wash it clean, he couldn’t think what else to do about it.
that Steve had killed himself to protect the world from it… he felt as though every one of those people had dismissed his intelligence and invalidated his sacrifice, every single time they’d clocked in for a shift.
Steve barked a frustrated moan, his entire body pulled tight with desperation, his cock achingly hard and burning for any sort of contact. For a second, Steve was too charged with need to even register the pause, still kicking his jeans over his legs without thinking, his hands still clawing at Tony’s sides.
could have said you had a date tonight,” Steve shot back – because that’s just how he and Bucky argued. And then, when he realised how childish that would’ve sounded, he rushed to add, “And, anyway, that wouldn’t have gotten us out of the room any quicker. If I’d pretended I was going on a date, Nat would still be asking me questions
“Yeah, Peter named it, not my fault” Tony explained, dismissively. “It can be connected via almost any conventional port, and then infiltrate any system it’s connected to. Essentially connecting
“Well, I’m happy to look for an alternative,” Tony yawned, relaxing back into the chair. “But, if we can’t find one, I’m just saying, there’s that option… And obviously we’ll have to work out the details of whatever option… before we do anything…”
So far, in accordance with his carefully planned order of things, Steve had only been through a factual, chronological account of the timeline he’d left - pointedly skipping over the story of what happened between
“It’s okay,” Rhodey said, and Steve glanced at him purely as a reflex. Saw him gesturing to a patch on his forearm that Steve recognised… just like the one Steve was wearing…
In the end, it was petulance and cowardice that won out. Tony knew that his next words were more about reasserting his right to the moral high ground than any imperative to say them.
He was deliberately rough as he pushed his fingers inside himself, remembering that glorious sting as Steve thrust into him, the way Steve’s limbs had trembled with the heroic effort of maintaining some sort of control…
Nick swallowed hard, almost hovering on the spot, he was so tense. It took him three attempts to finally force the words out.
“I’m sorry,” Tony sighed, making sure to look directly at Pepper when he softened his features. “It’s a really long and complicated story that I swear I can explain -
meeting imaginable, and all he wanted was to crawl on top of Steve and have him fuck the tension out of him – was that so much to ask?
3. TBH, all of the above to various degrees for other characters - although, I'll be honest, Wanda does mainly get the brunt of this, for no other reason than I thought it the most likely clash under the circumstances.
And, at first, Tony was simply confused by his own physical reaction. Why should that bother him? It really
Ah. Just as he was about to bury this resentment, Pepper had to poke that particular argument out of its slumber.
And then he felt Tony’s hands around his wrist again, firm and caring and strong, and of course Steve let him move his arms-
“Like I slept for a month,” Bucky groaned, stretching his back as if to illustrate. And then he paused, and fixed Steve with a more aware look, and asked, “so, what’s the deal with Tony then?”
“And, while we’re on the topic – if you do have any drugs that’d make a human more susceptible to interrogation, that’d be great.” Tony chipped in.
Tony knew better than to twist facts to suit theories. Even really, really compelling ones… But he couldn’t help it if this idea had grabbed him, if it felt right - if it
The coy smile was confirmation enough - although Tony still went through the motions of telling him,
, like his lungs were bursting and there was just too much blood trying to pump through his heart, like there were
“...And because I thought you’d hate Bucky, or try to stop me finding him… because I didn’t want to lose you - all sorts of stupid, cowardly reasons that I really am so, so sorry for…”
There was another awkward pause between them before Nick finally turned to leave. Tony stayed tense, his eyes locked on Nick’s back until he reached the end of the driveway and disappeared-
Steve noted the observation, and filed it away. Immediately, he knew he wasn’t going to do anything about that
Tony left a guilty little pleasure, knowing that, for once, he could just hand that off – at least for the next twenty-four hours or so.
was why he’d found it so hard to say sorry to Tony – well, one of the reasons. The things he couldn’t say he was sorry for. The things
“Nothing here can hurt you.” Belle assured, sweetly. “But, that doesn’t mean that people can never be upset here, or angry, or confused. In fact, some people even say that working through those things at the beginning is what allows you to experience other things, later on.”
“You know, there is only one dream that is really worth having.” The man carried on, in the same wise, unhurried tone. “To be happy every day for the rest of your life.” And he looked at each of them in turn, with the same benevolent smile. “And you seem so happy, at the moment – and yet your instinct is to stop?”
system.” He pointed to the file reader again “And, skipping over the technical details, that will mean I am connected to
do these things? Well, a few more possibilities might’ve occurred to him, at the very least. He might’ve considered the
Performing a lumbar puncture on someone who refuses pain relief is a huge personal responsibility – but it does at least have a sobering effect.
So now he could only wait, trapped in this grey area between feeling nothing and feeling everything, unable to consider his options - because he didn’t have the front to hope Tony came back to him, and he couldn’t bear to think about the alternative-
He couldn’t help thinking of how he would’ve reacted to that, the first time he met Tony. How personally he’d taken everything, how tense he’d been in Tony’s company - how quick he’d been to take everything at face value, including the misguided opinions of other people.
After three days crammed into safehouses with too many SHIELD agents, Steve was at last alone in his own room-
“Well, it seems pretty obvious that they’re going to try to hurt you,” Steve explained, relaxing into this new sense of calm. “And if they do that, I’m going to kill them. So, that’s one question answered.”
how distant Tony was, how different this was from the warm, conversational place they’d been in just last week. This wasn’t even the awkward, slightly brusque Tony that Steve had met at the beginning of this – Tony was acting like he didn’t even
Somehow, right now at least, remembering that he’d bitten Steve only added to Tony’s sudden swell of contentment. Or, when he forced himself to really examine that…
this urge to submit to or care for or even be bitten by Steve anything more than his own personal issue - was it really anything to do with Steve at all?
He’d been excited and terrified and elated and devastated and desperate and calm – sometimes all in the same minute.
you weren’t telling me,” Tony carried on… his voice pulling a little tighter now, charging with a feeling Steve hadn’t placed yet… “And I think, right back at the start, I wondered if maybe you
Again, there was a little spike of petulant anger at Rogers, for dumping all of this on him… And, again, he couldn’t maintain it.
hit him. His expression flashed open in shock and hurt, his lips parting as though he’d just stopped mid breath. He looked like a child. And then he dropped his eyes, his shoulders slumping slightly in a way that was most unlike him, and for a moment Steve could only feel overwhelmingly sorry for him.
It was only then that Steve realised his head was swimming. It took a second for his vision to clear… and then there was Tony.
…Forcing himself to think carefully, Steve decided that maybe it would be better to loosen these ropes rather than break himself free of them. That, if they were being watched, it might be better not to draw attention or attract retaliation before he got his bearings-
still hold Steve responsible for the mistakes he’d legitimately made. For keeping that secret – which, actually, Tony did still think had been more than ‘one mistake’ – and for not calling him earlier, and for not trying to meet him halfway in the negotiations…
He stopped in front of the car and turned to face Steve, and found a look of such honest feral hunger that his entire body froze under the force of it - like a rabbit caught in the gaze of a predator…
And then he felt Steve’s fingers, flitting quickly down the line of buttons of the front of his shirt. The sudden thrill of air on his chest – and then the heat of Steve’s palm, pressed against his skin. And he sat up enough to let Steve run his hands over his shoulders, pushing his shirt down over his arms –
“Oh, fuck, Tony,” he managed, although his throat felt so much rawer than he’d been expecting… Slowly, the details of his body came back to him. He began to recognise the specific limbs that were still throbbing with pleasure, and the muscles that ached with release…
“Hey. Are you okay?” He asked, stepping back to let Tony pass… But Tony didn’t move. He stood rigid on the doorstep, nervously glancing over Steve’s shoulder to scan the living room.
at me. I’m angry you just let me watch that, that you didn’t think to leap in with a warning or an apology or
But, until then, Steve had to accept that they were outgunned. That they didn’t know enough about ‘Talleroy Communications’ capabilities, or their plans. That it was probably better to wait as long as possible for reinforcements to arrive
Tony opened the cabinet above the sink, his nose wrinkling as he remembered what an appalling batch of blood this was…
“What?” Steve blinked, such a vulnerable, naked astonishment rising up in his eyes that Tony was physically
And then, above all of it, the unmistakable sound of Tony bursting out into fits of laughter, just beside him.
that for Steve. That Steve deserved to find someone he could share his life with, someone he could buy a house with and go on vacation with and have kids with and grow old with. Someone he could marry in front of all of his friends, if he wanted to. Someone who could
“Oh, no! No, of course not,” Scaramouche insisted. “...But those plants are grown close to the city centre, and in large quantities, and as such there are trace amounts of the pollen in the air-”
And, just as Steve stepped forward to kick him again, there was another hydraulic hiss – directly above them, this time.
He thought of himself outside this house on so many other nights, racked by nerves or self-doubt, making endless deals with whatever deity would listen to him –
to be security guards. This floor was only of passing interest to porters restocking the first aid boxes, and the occasional nurse - and, in about ten minutes time, an elite response team looking for somewhere big and cool to safely house a rapidly defrosting human being, until the doctors could be briefed.
Everything was in such high definition it was impossible to make sense of it, to put it into context. Too many details, too much colour, too much focus on that one objective that he
He was forever catching Steve out with a sudden swerve in the conversation, an unexpected observation, a perfectly relevant question that still seemed to come out of left field-
He considered arguing the point… But he was looking to get out of this interaction, and this tent, as quickly as possible - and he could tell that the assistant was just
And he did know that he should probably be paying more attention to this sudden shift in the timeline - he was already sure he’d be more worried about the offer itself, when he got as far as processing that part.
“It’s so we can go to the research floor – the third floor – and still be competent” She explained “They’ll counter all the effects, once you’re up there… although, I don’t know about the
...Well, why would he know that? No one ever touched the arc reactor like this. Most people flinched away from looking at it-
he’d felt, when they first worked out what The Facility was – the idea he dared not look at. The desire he dare not name.
something,” Tony attempted to drag them all back to the point. “Maybe they’ve brought us here and lowered our defences so that one of us will blurt something out…”
“So, Steve tells me you’re a vampire,” Bucky said, simply. “And he didn’t really go into a lot of detail – in fairness, I didn’t ask a lot of questions. Only if he was sure I didn’t hurt you, and he said he was. That’s right, yeah?”
“I understand, you will have lots of questions - and, when you’re feeling more acclimatised, everything will be explained in full, I promise.”
, the right thing to do seemed pretty damn obvious. The fair thing, and the sensible thing, and thing that was probably best for
No matter how hard Steve clawed at him, or how hard he tried to pull him closer, or how hungrily he kissed him…
Tony flipped the page over, hoping to find some additional clues - but, again, there was nothing. So far, only the somewhat kinky sketch had any readable notes. Tony couldn’t even tell what date most of the pages were from, although if the state of decay was any indicator, it was quite a wide time frame…
And Tony threw his head back and moaned, primal and wanton and loud enough that it must’ve echoed all down the hallway.
“Oh, Good Morning Mr Stark, I hope I didn’t disturb you,” came a warm, smooth voice from the hallway. “My name is Freddie; I’ve been assigned as your personal concierge.”
Tony blinked, clearly surprised to realise the question wasn’t hypothetical… And then his features softened into that dreamy, quizzical expression that he always fell into before he got distracted…
“So, this is one of several lounges you’ll find dotted around The Facility” the guide explained brightly, gesturing to a large room, with a high ceiling and low lighting, and maybe ten plush, red couches-
“Yeah. And, yeah, right now Hydra have him frozen somewhere, just waiting to use him to kill someone else… And there’s nothing he can do about it. He has no control over it…” Steve trailed off, as he watched Tony struggle with that idea for a moment.
Like there was nothing left to lose, no more it could possibly hurt, nothing he could possibly ruin more than he had – nothing that could possibly be worse that just losing Tony now, like
“I don’t mean for getting upset,” Steve clarified. “Actually, I’m sort of glad I got upset, and that I let you see it. I think it… helped, with a lot of things. I think
If these feelings were only an expression of his own insecurities, an over the top reaction to a perfectly ordinary fear of intimacy or commitment… If it was just him worrying that he wasn’t good enough for this.
“You know, when I first took over Stark Industries, Obie had to have this whole big chat with me about the times I represented the company. You know, those times when what I said was the legal position of SI… and God, what an ominous responsibility that felt, for the few brief moments I was going it. Exhausting. And, Jesus,
And, to Steve’s credit, he’d accepted Tony’s apology for his ridiculous reaction, and had been good enough not to hold it against him.
. He’d taken note of all grades of Facility employee since they arrived – including brief glimpses of the cleaning staff, who were all apparently trained as ninjas. But still, he
He paused, irritably, to look back and check for damage – and to try and get his temper under some sort of control.
When Tony saw the delighted excitement that flashed up in Steve’s eyes, and the euphoric relief that washed through his body, he was overwhelmed by such emotion that he felt literally unsteady on his feet-
Steve had spent the last few nights trying to find a photograph of Tony Stark. He knew there wouldn’t be any after 1992, and he’d heard that Stark Industries had been
“You talk exactly like her,” Steve carried on, just a bit more firmly. “I don’t know if that makes any sense… But, I don’t know, if I hadn’t
Tony thought back to all the times Steve had looked at him a certain way, and that little pleading voice had whispered in his head,
The sudden stop caught Steve’s attention, and he lifted his head to look down at Tony - the most wonderful look of amazed delight in his eyes, even as he narrowed them questioningly,
Which was enough to put Steve off for maybe half a minute. But that feeling was just too intense, too all-consuming, for him to deny for long. He became uncomfortably aware of how much he
“Breathless?” Steve frowned, frantically searching through all that new information he’d had thrown at him, a few hours earlier. All those facts he’d not catalogued or processed yet… “Is that… meant to happen?”
“You look well,” she observed, in an entirely different voice – narrowing her eyes at him, curiously. Tony’s smile broke into a broad grin, which he tried unsuccessfully to bite back.
Steve remembered watching Tony give long introductions like this and being irritated by them. Assuming that Tony was being self-indulgent and showing off, wishing he would get to the point - snapping and telling him that, on more than one occasion.
He already knew the topic of the meeting he was interrupting, and who was running it, so he could be sure that Steve wouldn’t be missing any vital information.
Here he was, trying to plan for Steve’s awkwardness in this situation – when Steve might’ve spent the last two years fucking his way from safe house to safe house, for all Tony knew. When Steve might never have been shy or awkward about things like this, any more than he’d actually been awkward telling a lie. It might all have been part of the cover story.
But, firstly, this chapter does start with smut - which is very much drug affected. Probably the most conventionally 'aliens made them do it', no control what-so-ever scenario in the fic... So, even though both parties are very enthusiastic, and neither regret the event after the fact, those dub-con warnings apply.
“So, I have a question,” The CEO announced brashly, dragging Steve’s attention back to the conversation. “Why don’t
Because being undead and being dependant on blood and never getting to see the sunlight weren’t enough, apparently.
Back when Pepper first started saying that, it was meant as a genuine deflection technique – something she used to suggest whenever Tony asked her to leave him in a particularly manic or depressed state. An excuse to spend a few extra minutes with him, so that she could be sure he’d calmed down and had moved past the temptation to do something reckless before she left him on his own. Of course, Tony worked out what she was doing years ago, and since then it had developed into a simple shorthand –
And, for a moment, Steve was so distracted by the look on Tony’s face, so enamoured with the idea that he’d caught Tony’s attention
,” he gestured awkwardly between them, “as some way to heal. And I’m sorry, if that still gets blurred sometimes, or if I ever make you feel like…”
He’d liked feeling sure of this plan – he’d liked how he felt, when he was succeeding in something that he knew was good.
2. You don't actually get to 'see' them rescuing Bucky, per se - the next update starts with him already rescued. You do get to hear all about that through the characters thinking back to it, so you'll get to hear exactly what happened - but after attempting to write out that action scene, I came to the conclusion that this really is a better way of telling the story (I think 🙈 🤞) I just didn't want anyone to get their hopes up for something specific... Not that I'm nervous.
And then he’d remember the way his vision narrowed on Nick, the instant awareness of every tiny detail around him, the visceral flood of adrenaline at the very idea that he was scaring Tony…
Which wasn’t to say that any of the other stuff had suddenly become any less complicated. Steve still hadn’t really processed the fact that he’d fallen in love, or the fact that he’d had sex with someone that wasn’t Bucky, or the fact that any of that had happened with
That warm, slightly softer tone that Tony sometimes slipped into at the end of parties… That Steve had always liked a bit more than he should….
Instinctively, he began searching backwards through their conversation, trying to remember exactly what he’d said, and work out how it
He realised it as he was trying to craft the right words for Tony this morning, if he woke up understandably upset about something that wasn’t really Steve’s fault. What he could say to ease Tony’s
...But being in a timeline where he did believe that things could work out differently, and where he wasn’t afraid to feel anything, was starting to make him realise the things he’d
An static, dragging sensation, pulling just below the surface - something Tony had never felt before.
In fact, his good mood was already starting to make the whole thing seem less daunting… He had only a hazy memory of the stress this task had triggered before he left it last night, and even that didn’t make sense to him anymore.
where everything was different - where all the people had different memories, and nothing looked the same, and a whole new range of things were possible. He could take a trip and watch another version of himself have a different youth and feel different things and become a different person…
And then Steve thrust into him, sharp and shallow, and then there were no thoughts in Tony’s head at all.
, at The Facility. And, at the time, Steve had been so consumed by his excitement at being able to touch Tony
And then Tony finally broke the kiss, so that he could pepper biting little kisses over Steve’s jaw, and then the line of his throat. Steve felt a wave of euphoria roll through his head as he gasped for air, a sudden bloom of light and colour as he let himself
“Well, it hits kind of different... here,” was the best he could come up with - and he knew  immediately that he’d gotten it wrong, that he’d drawn attention to the situation in the most awkward possible way…
Hm… The image of Steve, naked and openly displayed for him, his arms still held obediently above his head as he begged Tony to fuck him…
Their names were embossed on the envelope in gold. Inside was a folded card, handwritten in black ink-
move in these things without attracting attention,” Bucky explained, as though it should have been obvious.
“Ah, rookie mistake” Tony noted. “See, he’s not taught the system the difference between his left and it’s left – and then, rather than correcting it, he’s obviously just adapted for it, which really isn’t the point of an AI” And then he caught Steve’s eye, and then he caught himself “
… And with that came the heavily filtered memory of Bucky, standing on a raised platform in a garden, singing
“Oh, God, that,” Tony groaned. “Well… The short answer is that it’s just a power station, and it doesn’t give us any more idea what’s going on here… And, if I’m honest, I’m starting to think that nothing else
“Which is where you’d think the main water supply would be coming from” Steve agreed. “So, they’re pumping something
He glanced up at it, his surprised frown quickly melting back into a smile. He knew that it wasn’t Steve. For one, Steve never took the elevator - but more to the point, Tony would always know when it was Steve.
became things that he flinched from, even while something about them continued to intrigue him, because of the other thoughts that would spring up in his mind.
Which was the only reason he was able to forget about Bucky’s little intervention now. By the time he and Bucky stepped into the elevator, Steve was once again entirely preoccupied with his own nervousness. Rehearsing everything he was going to say, planning for every response Tony could possibly give, trying to think what he’d do if it all went horribly wrong…
Whether to just go with this. To accept it didn’t count, that it couldn’t possibly mean anything, that Steve probably wouldn’t even remember it… To just let it go for a night, enjoy this rare opportunity to have a drunken conversation with Steve… to treat it as a fantasy, entirely unconnected to the real world. Enjoy it because it was fun at the time.
“Well, that was our first hypothesis, obviously,” Nick replied, sardonically. “The only reason we put a couple of field agents on this was in case it turned up a few more of the people we’re tracking. Except that their investigation turned up –
“Because you’re really a lot alike, you and the father of chemical warfare,” Steve smiled, gesturing to the paper. “You both work for the Nazis. You both turned a quest for the good of humanity into a weapon of pure evil. The only difference is that Fritz Haber actually achieved something positive, before he died in disgrace.
He saw Steve first, sitting on the floor with his legs stretched out in front of him, frowning thoughtfully at the skyline. Beside him, Bucky was lying flat on his back, limbs spread like a jumping jack. A bit further behind them, and off to the left, Nat was curled on her side, her head resting on her hands. Next to her was Bruce, slumped in that same strange, kneeling position. Sam and Rhodey were at the back of the room, lying side by side.
Steve fell apart, broken into fragments by the strength of that feeling, trusting Tony to take his weight. Tony didn’t flinch. He just held Steve close, his teeth held firm in his flesh…
This was as mindless as everything that had just fallen out of his mouth – but this came from a different place entirely. This was just good old-fashioned shock and fear and embarrassment. This was him being defensive, and reactionary, because he’d found himself neck deep in a situation he couldn’t understand or explain… and because he was
in what he was… Made him think that there had been a reason for all of it. That he wouldn’t have undone it, given the chance.
telling me that I should stop being so nervous, and just show the world the real me. But the real me
let you come here, and trust that you will come to see what I have… because, if not… well, there are contingencies, for that.”
The next time Steve thrust into him Tony rocked to meet him, finally falling into sync with him. And, as Steve began to fuck him faster, Tony moved to meet his pace, rounding out every wave of pleasure, dragging every inch of friction out of him,
Steve,” he whispered – moving his hands away so that he could press himself up on his arms, shifting his weight so that he was kneeling over Steve. Steve whined pitifully at the loss of contact, raising his hips as Tony was moving away from them-
Tony considered Steve for a moment. He wondered how they could potentially draw it to The Facility’s attention that Steve would make a particularly interesting test subject.
And Steve had to wait until it had finished curling through his stomach before he could steady his hands enough to unwrap the gifts…
. That if I said, ‘I’m sorry I did all that, but I still love you’, you’d just think… So what? Why wouldn’t I still love you –
He was pretty sure that Tony believed him now - well, about being from another timeline, and all the things that had happened there, at least. But Steve reckoned that one of the questions at the top of Tony’s mind was still
, Bucky knew exactly which story Tony was referencing. A full mental image popped up - he and Steve, aged eight, standing to attention in front of an irate troop master… whilst covered in mustard. Steve, trying to keep his temper as he explained that it wasn’t their fault. Bucky, trying not to laugh.
Tony and Steve hadn’t said a word to each other since they left the room. Logically, Tony had worked out that this would keep things as bearable as they could be – that, at the very least, it was the best way to avoid a fight. But, by the time they were shown to a table, the tension between them had gotten so bad he was starting to rethink. He wasn’t sure
A whole life spent with someone he loved so much that it had changed him, someone who broadened his world and soothed his pain and made him feel whole again. A life with someone who understood him, and knew all of him, and who wanted to be his equal… his partner. A life of fun, and laughter, and affection.
hurt your feelings like that. I know that sounds – but I didn’t think you cared what I thought, I didn’t think you’d think of me dismissing you or not trusting you or just not caring about what happened to you, I didn’t think you’d think about any of that at all – if I’d known
. The fears he’d been nursing for the last twenty years had been hard enough to deal with, but these
“I’m not in,” Tony bit out, as his feet made contact with the landing pad with a soft bump. “I’m actually out.”
And then he looked up at Steve, his eyes so alive and glowing golden in the sunlight, almost too amazed to smile.
But then a low, feral moan escaped Steve’s chest, his shoulders tightening against whatever sensation Tony had just sparked in him - and Tony simply couldn’t bear it any longer.
had that much money. There probably wasn’t even that much money in all the world…” And he glanced down at Tony – who looked far more relaxed now that they were talking about how unfair his wealth was, than he had when they were talking about how advanced his intellect was…
“Is it?” Tony frowned, glancing up at the widows. They were still blacked out using that fancy holographic effect that Steve probably had on his floor, but never used.
“...No,” Rhodey replied with a shake of his head, “I didn’t see anyone after I left you guys, until Galileo knocked on my door… And said to go get you, for dinner…”
, of course, Tony hated himself for being so pathetic. For letting a total stranger make him feel bad about actually having a life to lead-
Within seconds Tony had pushed Steve to that fine line between bliss and agony, the intense, immediate pleasure stoking that painful need for more. The drag of Tony’s fingers sending wave after wave of electric shocks right through the core of him, finally pressing against that aching, internal longing – but not breaking it. Teasing it. Deliberately provoking that desperation-
The Facility had taught them a lot, about themselves, and their relationship, and life in general. And, included in the many important discoveries that Steve had made in those few days, there was the fact that…
Now Steve found himself thinking that he’d been proven right on a lot of things. All those things he was considered deluded for believing, by literally everyone – all those things he wasn’t even allowed to say, because it was clear what the response would be… Back then, it was pretty unusual to wonder why only women were expected to be virgins on their wedding night. It was rare for any man to consider that his partner
“I’m one of the senior chemists here. I work downstairs, in the lower basement – unless they want me to do something else.”
Clint’s words were still ringing in his head. Steve was already in an internal argument as to why Tony
And then Tony’s smile broke into a grin – which hit Steve in a far more basic, physical place than wherever those high-minded musings had come from.
have led the charge against a Norse God and kept a city from crashing into Earth and prevented Hydra from enslaving the planet, and they
He’d been unsurprised to discover that the file was about as unhelpful as it could possibly have been. It contained just enough ominous detail to put endless horrible possibilities into Steve’s head - but no actual answers.
still annoyed that Steve hadn’t questioned more, before he gathered his little team and ran to Siberia…
“I mean only that I’ve paid attention to you both, as guests of my facility.” He clarified softly. Like he’d intended to reassure them. Like he was humouring any silly fears they may have had about something more sinister…
… I’m not blindly in favour of regulation, either. I don’t think The Accords are… all that good, actually” He winced a little, like it was an admission. “I
he couldn’t bear to break his heart. He’d tried to explain why he didn’t tell the truth about Bucky, without ever saying how desperate he was not to
A renewed sense of purpose, a more excited motivation to finish this mission and get back to what was really important.
He was maybe 100 feet away from Steve, crossing the street at the other end of the road - too far away for even a super soldier to make out the details of his face-
being impulsive and unpredictable and occasionally reckless, rather than in spite of it. The fact that he’d never felt compelled to make that case to anyone, because he’d never seen Tony as something to be justified or explained.
shared, even back when they thought they didn’t know one another. The little things that were simply part of life as an Avenger, and
“Do you regret it?” He asked, sadly. Even though he was scared to death of the answer. Even though he was vaguely ashamed to have asked.
How much Steve wanted to be in love, how much he’d wanted to feel a connection exactly like this. That he’d
That would mean stepping outside of himself, and being vulnerable, in a way he’d not considered in even his most inventive fantasies…
And, okay, yes, Steve would have been more relaxed right now if Tony had welcomed him into his life immediately and without hesitation - even if he
He wanted to tell Tony that it was amazing that he just knew the stars like that, that he’d have liked to talk to him about it.
to be used as an engineering lubricant, specifically designed for organic projects – but, fuck it, it could be two things.
“I should… go…” Steve accepted sadly, having to drop his eyes before he could get the words out. He felt Tony exhale heavily.
, about Rhodey wanting to hear gossip from him. Something that felt kind of fun, in the first instance-
“Not really,” Steve muttered, shyly – which only made Tony grin wider. “So, um, did you want me to ask Pepper to bring it over? Or, I mean, I’m happy to… I can bring it over any time.”
Trying to picture what a life with Tony could be like, trying to include everything he’d just found out and set aside everything he’d wrongly assumed.
told Ross to fuck himself and sided with the fugitive Avengers, because he’s decided The Accords are bullshit and the world needed saving. But that’s not who Rhodey is – that’s just something Rhodey did.”
At last, all the impulses that Tony had been denying, and running from, and worrying over, were all speaking together. Without having to think about it, Tony knew the story he was a part of, the role he played - it didn’t matter if it wasn’t a role he’d ever heard of before, or if it didn’t fit into any of his existing labels, or if there were no words for it. He knew it. It was natural-
that Captain America wasn’t the idol his father had made him out to be - like it was a rejection of Howard’s entire mindset…
Steve tried to flinch that one away – but he couldn’t. He tried to tell himself he was shocked at his behaviour, that he couldn’t believe he’d done it, that he completely and uncomplicatedly regretted it. He
She almost moaned in anguish then, a frustration and panic in her voice, like these events she was remembering were happening right now.
Since then, Tony hadn’t had much time to think about how that felt - or to ask himself why it was nothing like he thought it should feel. Why he would have liked feeling dominated and overwhelmed, when he’d always rallied against that. Why it had made him feel safe… protected.
...The fact that, of all the ridiculous, unbelievable things that Steve had said to him, it was ‘I love you’ that he couldn’t deal with.
Even before Tony bit him, before they’d even touched… From the moment Steve had said yes. Like Tony’s body, his brain chemistry, had recognised that agreement.
He knew that all of Hydra’s internal systems had been frozen within minutes of their arrival in Siberia - because Tony had written that virus, and Tony was sure it had worked. As far as Steve was concerned, that detail was an absolute certainty. Anyone who’d received a report that Hydra were under attack would’ve soon discovered that they no longer had a list of contacts, that their communication systems were down in any case, that all their professional access privileges had been revoked - that any information they wanted to grab for had already been deleted.
After all, it wasn’t as though Tony had to plot different ways to bump into him anymore, or worry about every little interaction they had - he knew that Steve would race to be with him the moment his meeting ended, and that Tony would be able to share absolutely anything with him...
Adam was already on his feet – his legs visibly trembling, and his eyes squeezed shut against the renewed flow of blood that Steve’s kick had unleashed…
, if they did that… then we might not need two whole weeks after all. I think I could build quite a bit of leverage from there…” He trailed off into his own thoughts again, still unfolding all the details, growing increasingly confident with each one.
On the plus side, it made it easier to be sure that there was no one else around - but, given the way their robes dazzled under the midday sun, Tony had to assume they’d be instantly visible to anyone crossing the horizon.
And then there was a red haired woman, standing right next to them with a tray of champagne glasses.
“And I have loved you, and wanted you, for years” Tony carried on, surprised by how easily his words came, over the intensity of this growing excitement. “And I want you now, I know that, and I know that this is okay – if this is what you want.”
“Well, from the sounds of it, if I did try to donate my blood to a hospital – like you were saying more people should do – then it’d just end up in the reject batch anyway. Which you seem okay with taking-”
The immediate blanket of icy cold was unnerving, to say the least. Somewhere, even through his current hyper focus, Steve still knew that he hated something about this. Having to lie in a freezer, even for a few moments, was probably the most unpleasant part of this whole plan…
his own instinct to assume the guilt for everything, to ‘rise above’ any need for an apology, to be the ‘good leader’ he’d been shown in his childhood… He saw the frustration and discomfort it had always caused him, even before he was Captain America.
feel good, kissing Steve that first time. Giddy and tingling and excited, like the nervous first kiss with a high school crush…
, they had psychoactive side effects, so they’d literally make people see and hear and remember things that weren’t real. And they were hit and miss in terms of how effective they were – and so on.” Tony shrugged, and glanced at Steve –
As Tony leant over to fish his phone out of his pocket, he rolled back into the real world. He remembered where they were, and what they were doing - and everything they had to get back to.
page, there had been a stirring of awkward discomfort - and not only because the paper was slightly slimy. It had immediately reminded him of the last similarly historical item he’d found amongst his fathers things… the kinky lingerie sketch that was still sitting on his work desk.
“Oh, you’re still working on the body armour?” Steve enquired, with a spark of interest. Tony felt his cheeks burn under the light of Steve’s attention.
hard enough to bruise - eliciting a needy little whine that he instantly wanted more of. He let his mouth move down the column of Tony’s throat, trailing a line of long, languid kisses that left a pattern of ever darker marks. Tony’s breath moved higher in his chest as he tried to push himself up against Steve’s lips, his hips still rocking in that wonderful, infuriating rhythm. Steve stroked the flat of his palms over Tony’s hip bones, hard, pulling the fabric of Tony’s jeans tight against the outline of his cock. Tony whimpered and bucked up against this new source of friction-
And then Tony rocked his hips into him, sending a sharp friction tearing through his oversensitive body. Steve groaned and bucked against it, his hands sliding down to grab Tony by the hips-
…He remembered all the guilt and shame he’d felt in the last year, and without the layer of pain and anger to blur it.
All of which suggested that they were actually on a completely different path to the one his day-time head was desperately trying to push towards, that they were both already changed far more than Tony had realised, that there
“Oh, right, okay… Now…” And he really had to search for an answer to that question – to remember what they were even doing in the first place. “Okay, probably time for the resting reaction tests…”
“Oh, maybe,” Sam agreed. Tony glanced at each of them in turn, before he shrugged and went to answer it.
you, to just, to just stop fucking it up, and I couldn’t and – it’s me. I know it’s me, and all the things I couldn’t say, and couldn’t do – but, God, Tony it was never that
“Well, as much as we’d like to send Agent Romanoff to babysit you… She’s had run ins with some of these people before,” Nick explained regretfully. “Might draw more attention to you than you’re going to attract already. So, we’re in the process of finding an agent who could possibly put up with you for a few days.”
And then he strolled right on by and through to the kitchen, hoping he could maybe pause the mess of words for a few moments if he focused on making himself a coffee.
But he didn’t have chance to muse on that any further, because Steve was already barging his way into Wesley’s house.
friction that was more unbearable than nothing. But he couldn’t help himself. Steve was so out of his mind with need, so tense and eager, that he simply couldn’t keep his body still-
Tony felt the others shifting, and exchanging confused glances with one another. He kept his eyes locked on Scaramouche as he considered everything that he’d just heard…
to manage every conversation effectively. Maybe he didn’t have to say the right thing every time… maybe that didn’t always mean he’d done
By the time Steve strolled into the living room Tony was already making coffee, still wearing the same clothes from the night before, now endearingly crumpled from sleeping on the couch. His hair was soft and untidy, sticking up in little tufts at the back of his head. Steve could see him pursing his lips in thought, daydreaming about something else entirely as he collected mugs and spoons and sugar from around the kitchen-
been afraid of you, Tony. I’ve always known who you were, and what I could trust you with – whatever particular crisis you happened to be in the middle of. Vampire stuff or not. And, honestly… I’m just thinking that it looks like I was right.”
They both wanted to keep Fury and SHIELD in the dark about as much as possible - as much out of spite as out of practicality. As such, they hadn’t told anyone that
“Tony?” Steve found his voice, high and scared and pleading. Like a child. And Tony wanted so much to comfort him…
“You should be out celebrating,” Nick observed, as he made the leisurely stroll through Steve’s apartment. And Steve would’ve liked to have been annoyed by the callousness of that remark, but he was too busy watching Nick run his gaze over all of his things.
And the only reason that wasn’t unbearable was that Tony was simply too blissed out to be beaten by anything, by then.
And that petulant longing was so much more bearable now that he knew what it was, and now that he was sure that it would be short-lived - and now that he had these wonderful memories to indulge himself in.
Steve was so overwhelmed with objections, so consumed by outrage, that he literally couldn’t think of words for it.
“I’m Tony.” He smiled, trying to keep an appropriate distance. He could sense that she was nervous – although probably not shy, under normal circumstances. There was a certain solidness in her posture, like she was comfortable standing tall and taking up a room.
Instinctively, Tony held his breath - bracing for one of them to start caring about the real world again, and the many uncomfortable questions and reactions that were probably about to hit him…
“Well, maybe it’s just because I’m naive that I took all that for granted,” Rhodey shrugged, nonchalantly. “And,
But Ross had, begrudgingly, already called to confirm that the Rogue Avengers had been given a full pardon.
Thankfully, Sam was too engrossed in his food to notice, instead answering Bucky’s question, without missing a beat-
“Okay, well, I think I know a way we could possibly get their attention” Steve sighed “So, we probably
Bucky shrugged, and pulled his phone out of his pocket, and swiped his finger across the screen. The music cut out to an instant silence, and Steve sighed again – this time out of relief.
“Steve?” Rhodey questioned, with an interested little smile. It took Tony a second to recognise his own slip up – and then he kicked himself.
It was 3:42am the following day – or, technically, the day after – and Steve was lying on top of the covers on his bed, still fully dressed, staring at the ceiling.
“Ideally, yes” Tony nodded. “And then once we’re out of there, we can have a look at what we’re dealing with. We could… I don’t know, delete all their research. Probably shut down their drug ventilators, or whatever it is they’re using… it must all be connected to some central system. And, if nothing else, we’ll have more information to make a plan with.”
…That’s why he hadn’t believed it when Steve said he loved him. Why he’d been too scared to even let himself wonder what Steve meant by that. Why there had been that bittersweet aftertaste to every moment of it, that sad shadow cast by all the things he wasn’t letting himself think.
“Shall I open the main entrance, sir?” JARVIS enquired, a little hint of caution in his voice. Tony swallowed hard before he answered.
be true. And I’m sorry for my part in it – and for spending so long only thinking about your part of it, on its own.”
Learning that Vampires almost certainly existed as recently as four hundred years ago, and that they probably
He paused for effect, even though there was no chance that any of them would bite. They all just waited, with varying degrees of impatience, until Nick carried on.
“I’m not going on the run,” he promised them, darkly. “I’m not giving up my whole life, and hoping you don’t come after me – and you think I
to do this for Steve? If they allowed this arrangement to become something permanent between them, and it did fundamentally alter Steve’s mind or body in some way… If Steve grew to
that Tony had considered when writing this plan. He’d listed all the risks they had to be aware of, all the approaches that wouldn’t work and why, all the information he’d managed to gather about this task, and where it came from, and why he could be sure of it… But, as yet, he’d not gotten to the actual plan itself.
“And as for ‘this is not who you are’,” Steve carried on, “what, I’m usually better than this so now it’s my job to be better than this? She never makes the effort so now no one expects her to make the effort, is that it?”
“I was so sure I was never going to lie to you again - and I haven’t, by the way,” he clarified, very seriously. “And I was so sure I was never going to keep secrets from you again… and I really didn’t think I was… I didn’t even know I was being so careful to show you something specific, to
There was a gentle clicking sound all around Steve’s head, as all the cabinets in the workshop unlatched. Instantly, Steve went back to throwing open the doors, still just looking for yellow.
He was far too busy daydreaming about Steve, and remembering the day they’d just spent together, and happily musing about what it all meant…
That feeling propelled Tony out of the elevator with an exaggerated spring, pushing his pace into a run.
That any dreams he’d had about marriage and kids and a future together might have been rendered irrelevant - laughable, even.
“You’re beautiful,” Steve murmured mindlessly, one hand caressing over the curve of his waist. He let his fingertips tease under Tony’s waistband, delighting in the way he shivered. And then he slid his hand over Tony’s cock, glancing up so that he could watch Tony’s face as he stroked slowly over the length of him. Tony groaned low in his chest, parting his lips as he rocked his hips into Steve’s hand. A wave of friction rolled up along Steve’s back, as Tony ground into him-
“It’s okay, I’m not going to push it now,” Bucky assured him, like he could read Steve’s mind. “I’m just giving you some advance warning here. I know you like to get your own head right with things first, sometimes. I know you’re not one of those people who
…His friendship with Natasha hadn’t been based on some similarity of their souls or some irrefutable aspects of their characters - it had been a total fluke. Something that would never have unfolded the same way, if this exact same person had been given the chance to do the very thing that she was planning on doing anyway…
“JARVIS, we still have all the details we were able to lift from the SHIELD Servers on the helicarrier, right?” He asked, with an icy sort of focus that he would have thought beyond him, a few moments ago.
It was a bigger responsibility to take, and the more people he trusted with this, the heavier that responsibility became.
And then that searing, stretching pressure of Steve pushing his cock inside him. That burning, almost-painful pleasure of Steve forcing him open, slowly filling him up. Tony choked off a moan, his breath catching in throat as his Steve finally filled him completely, his cock pressing up against that sweet spot inside him, Tony’s whole body now throbbing in sharp desperation,
“Oh, God, fuck Steve, I’ll come, if you, I can’t-” Tony pleaded, bucking up against him anyway, completely powerless against this now.
Jesus, he actually felt light on his feet. And slightly dizzy, and a little breathless, and – all those things they talked about in classic romances. Steve hadn’t thought that people
Without really thinking about it he lifted his glass, gesturing a little toast to nothing in particular.
Nick blinked, still shifting uncomfortably under Steve’s gaze, his eyes darting back and forth as he scanned for a way out of this…
It felt wrong to think that way about someone he genuinely loved. Someone who had never been anything but reasonable and kind. Someone smart and interesting and funny - someone that anyone would be glad to spend time with.
“Say that again,” Tony told him, his voice thick with arousal and warm with intent. Steve’s balls tightened sharply at the sound of it. It was a second or two before he could catch his breath enough to answer,
His head swam, briefly, like it was struggling to get up. His eyes burned, like they’d only just realised they were open.
When he didn’t even work for them - had directly declined the offer to work with them, in fact - when he’d never asked for their help.
“So, we’ll give you both a little bit of time to let that even out, before we give you the Fantasia. Steve, if you’d like to wait here.” She gestured to the couch. “One of my colleagues will be with you shortly. And Tony, if you’d like to come with me-”
He still felt guilty about it, of course. Every so often, he’d ask himself what sort of friend would be counting down the minutes until Bucky’s next operation, or spend more time thinking about the doctor’s smile than the technical details… And the answer was
, so I drink like half a mug of it and wonder why I feel weak again by lunchtime…” And then he seemed to catch himself, like he was scared he’d just said something awful, and rushed to finish, “but I’d get at least a couple of days, before I was in real trouble. Even on the worst of the crap I drink.”
Which was a horrible, soul shaking thought – but, Jesus, part of him was still kicking himself for not taking more advantage yesterday. He
Neither of them even bothered to pretend they were trying to avoid this – that they weren’t both excited about it, completely separate from their professional reason for being here. Steve climbed onto the couch, and pulled Tony into kiss him, and Tony kept on kissing him, a little messily, as they crawled to the back of the booth. And then Steve came to a clumsy stop, sitting with his back against the corner, Tony leaning over him,
“Not getting any readier,” Bucky shrugged. Steve felt a little twinge of guilt. He reminded himself that
“...I don’t know, I like myself more when I’m around you,” Steve muttered, like he hadn’t decided whether he wanted Tony to hear it.
be, we’ll reward them by just assuming that they’re good and right all the time and therefore in no need of credit or support. Maybe if they’re lucky, they’ll get to be responsible for being everyone else’s moral compass. And that’ll be their reward, right up until they slip up. One mistake, they lose. Because they
And then Steve stirred softly against him, his eyes fluttering gently before he settled back into Tony’s chest – and Tony had to take a second to let that overwhelming affection surge through him.
“Well, to begin with, I should probably apologise for that assessment,” Nick replied, casually. “In hindsight, you were right that it wasn’t the time to be making judgements like that - and maybe we jumped to the wrong conclusions.”
Steve knew, if he didn’t change something right now, he was going to lose him anyway… And worse than that, he was going to end up
“So much quicker and more subtle than anyone realises. It’s the way you pick which compliments you’re going to pay yourself, and which putdowns you’re going to leap in with, and how you’re going to steer each conversation. Its all the tiny little elements of it, and I just – you can’t tell me that you feel unloved, and then the moment I try to fix that, throw your hands up and say,
There were maybe fifteen people in the few feet around the couch, standing in little groups, sipping drinks and chatting amiably – Steve could make out little snippets of their conversation, as Tony rocked against him. There was an urgent instinct to cover himself, to hide that reaction-
Steve snapped to attention and began scanning the crowd in all directions, trying to work out where Tony might have gone - but it was too late. Finally, in desperation, he looked to find Sam and Bucky, thinking he might at least be able to get a better idea of what the hell had gone on today-
made a friend, or gone out on a date, and wanted to bring them home, SHIELD would’ve been listening. That some nameless agent probably knew which tunes he hummed when he was anxious or which snippets of his daydreams he mindlessly said out loud.
The more of the FOCUS that seeped into Tony’s system, the more he realised that this was all just background noise too… The bed, The Facility… The physical attraction in the moment
“All traces of all guests, all employees, all third-party suppliers, all wiped from the face of the earth. We have a few eyewitness accounts, a couple of sightings on the surveillance, but absolutely
Steve dropped his eyes, his shoulders curling inwards as another wave of wordless anxiety crashed over him. He heard Tony continue his conversation, his voice a calm, measured rhythm that seemed to come from miles away… Steve wasn’t up to picking out the words, just yet.
Steve let a stream of nonsensical noises fall over his lips, as he dropped his head and tried to rock against Tony’s mouth. He grabbed a hold of the duvet in two white knuckled fists, as pulse after pulse of warm, urgent pleasure surged through him.
Apparently, when put to the ultimate test, Tony still hadn’t thought of just shooting his way down to the basement.
But, before he did that, he still had one more question he had to ask. A question he wasn’t sure he wanted the answer to…
Steve had just buried all of that, because…. Because the mission was more important… because they always seemed to be in a rush… Because Captain America didn’t feel those things, because Steve Rogers didn’t know what to do with those feelings, because it was Tony…
“Fine, touché,” Tony muttered, begrudgingly. And then added more firmly, “but it’s still a fair question - why you and not me?”
He really thought he’d managed to get the tangled web of worries into some sort of order, before Steve and Bucky arrived. Tony knew there were still a hundred questions he hadn’t answered, maybe a thousand things he still had to give some serious consideration… But he’d thought he’d at least reached
He looked up just as an Avengers response van swept into the lot, and then came to a dramatic stop just beside them. Tony allowed a little ripple of relief to flow through him –
He hadn’t realised just how deep a fear that was, until he was faced with it. And, suddenly, Steve couldn’t process anything Tony was saying, because the mention of those two little words had sent Steve into a fight-or-flight state of response.
“If you’re not up to it, we don’t have to go today,” Sam repeated, leaning his weight on the steering wheel and trying to catch Steve’s eye. “I can just start the car up again, and take you back home. It’s not a big deal. Everyone will understand.”
“Yeah, let her in,” he announced cheerfully, pushing himself up off the couch. God, everything was just so much
And then, finally, Tony recognised why Steve was so shocked. He realised how quickly he’d  managed to move across that workshop. How firmly he still had a hold of Steve’s arm. Not as strong a grip as it could have been, because Tony had been thinking of
All of that seemed an awful lot to ask of one person, even someone as kind and understanding as Tony Stark…
So, for the time being, the true extent of what had happened would have to stay as their little secret…
remembered Monday evening… Pepper trying desperately to get his attention, while he panicked about ‘saying goodbye’ to Steve the following night.
Steve let go of a heavy breath, as Bucky closed the door behind them and slumped his weight against it.
There was a sharp twinge of heat as Tony pulled his over-sensitive cock free, and lubed himself up as quickly as he ever had in his life. His desperation had already heightened every sensation, setting every nerve in his body alight-
Steve let his forehead rest against the blankets, spreading his legs, bodily begging Tony to touch him again. The next few seconds stretched to the very limit of possibility-
Whatever he’d been saying just died in his throat, his whole body frozen in place – his mouth still open.
Steve might’ve felt guilty for that, if he weren’t still reeling from his unexpected revelations in Asgard. It certainly
thought had gone beyond wearily familiar and right into meaningless. He’d lost all frame of reference, all sense of what normal used to be, of what it was even
He hated the specific vulnerability this forced on him, the fact that it came with so much emotional baggage and so many personal memories.
“I do, actually.” Tony sighed, and made himself look at Steve again “I have literally no doubt that you’d take a bullet for me. I mean that.”
They’d even talked about sex – their experiences, and their opinions, and their casual observations about the way the world seemed to work. The things that Steve had avoided thinking about for years, things he assumed he didn’t have the words for, things he didn’t know he thought. Things he’d found himself listening back to in the days since, elated and excited to discover that it was all still true. That he’d not just
And Tony felt the realisation settle in. A cold, sinking sort of resignation, as it dawned on him… He knew exactly what had to happen now. The few, frenetic thoughts that followed were more him coming to terms with the idea than coming up with it.
“And really, you would think all of that would’ve helped me see them doing it to you, the first time around. You’d have thought I would’ve been angry about this sooner… So, you know, I’m sorry for that…”
That probably would’ve served as enough emotional exploration for this little pitstop - certainly more than he came here for. In fact, Steve had just decided to pause the philosophising for a while, and maybe start walking in a random direction-
There was a shuffle behind him, as Bucky and Sam struggled to join him in the gap between the dumpsters - which struck Tony as a stupid way around to do this conversation, but before he could make that point, Bucky started talking,
to, obviously. This was just too big a thing to keep from her - in practical terms, as much as ethical ones.
To shoulder any responsibility for the both of them, to consider Tony’s needs and feelings ahead of his own.
research – that’s how he came up with the weapons. But then someone heard that he was developing weapons and – do you know, Anni-Vara has
it had occurred to Steve, in some wordless way, that this wasn’t the way Nick had spoken to him the last time they talked. Part of him might’ve recognised a curiosity, trying so hard to stir, under all those layers of denial. But he was trying so hard not to think past the end of his nose that, if anything, Steve was actively looking away from that issue, determined to avoid it even for himself-
“I know it doesn’t always feel like it,” Steve said, from the back of the room, “but you’re doing so well. And every day it’s going to get a little bit better.”
But he’d felt too awkward and vulnerable, realising he’d fallen fast asleep in front of a stranger like that.
this experience at any time. We can’t allow you to amend anything, but you can always say that you want to leave, and that will always be fine.”
desperate to stop everything from falling apart, that I… simplified everything down to that? I turned it into this ‘
He glanced at his watch, an intricate designer timepiece that he had to squint to read… 11:40, or thereabouts. He let go of a slow breath and reassured himself,
And then he finally looked up at Tony again, and found an expression of such tender affection - something that
“I’m sorry I lied to you about ULTRON!” And, when Tony saw Steve go to reassure him over it, he added quickly “And, I
is actually going to be there, it’s just… It’s too…” He paused to gather more words, trying to work out which part to unravel first.
And then he turns to look behind him, and finds a tall, metallic pod, its door hanging open to reveal the icy darkness inside… And he has no name for it, but he knows what it is.
Steve had been trained to do the same thing in the same situation – he recognised the additional edge of caution in their expressions, the way they glanced up at the ceiling.
Steve froze mid-step, his mouth falling open in shock, his brain falling silent except for that one observation.
Not that he had a task to focus on, at the moment. Now, he was simply waiting on a text message - which, God willing, would be a confirmation that everything was
And then he realised that he had no idea what he was saying. And then he remembered just how separate from everything he really was.
all of that is so much more complicated than I’ve just made it sound. I know that there are going to be arguments about what counts as dictating policy and who gets to say who’s the bad guy… I ran away from all that, before. I said I wasn’t going to support a bad attempt at managing world security - and then didn’t offer anything instead. Because I didn’t have something simple and inarguable to put forward - but I had something better. Even then. Something I was always afraid to make a case for, something that I was always scared wouldn’t be perfect…”
Just as Maribelle parted company with the little group she’d been talking to, Tony was able to stroll nonchalantly by her – spritzing her with the ‘intimidate’ spray while everyone was distracted, and continuing coolly to the bar… No one noticed.
evil you know – my Dad isn’t evil, he’s just- and I did try to – but you don’t understand what it’s like, it’s not like I had anywhere else to go, and he’s my
But he already had his phone gripped in his hand, his eyes fixed on the screen while he ran through contingencies that he’d already memorised, just to pass the time.
He grabbed one of the pillows and threw it over his face. He thought back to the comedy farce movies that the troops watched in the forties, the hopeless hero making an ever-bigger mess as he tried to deal with a catastrophe of his own making… Steve had never liked those movies. They irritated him. And now he found himself trapped in a farce of his own making, increasingly desperate to repair the escalating damage he was causing, apparently unable to
That he was a Vampire, and that he didn’t really know what that meant, except that he was sure it had some strong, supernatural importance in his relationship with Tony… And still, he had no facts to back that up.
“Yes, hi, pleased to meet you” Tony jumped in energetically, taking a tiny little sidestep… trying to put himself between Steve and their sudden guests. “It’s Maribelle, right?”
send Steve away again, that he was done denying his connection to Steve and everything that came with it-
The fear that it was selfish to want for himself, when his love for Bucky was being put to the ultimate test - the guilt that came before he could even consider something beyond ‘making Bucky better’
Perfunctorily, Steve took a few seconds to think through the events as they’d happened… And then he glanced at Tony.
He would’ve liked to share it with Rhodey… And he knew, pretty soon, he’d have to have a serious think about what he was prepared to hide from
Tony laughed to think what the paparazzi would’ve made of his walk back home, if any of them had spotted him practically dancing along the beach.
Steve was rudely jolted out of his thoughts by the sounds of someone bursting into the breakroom. He tensed his shoulders and raised his head… and then relaxed when he saw that it was Bucky, striding over to the refrigerator with a sense of purpose.
“Nothing, I’m - I’m sorry, that was a stupid thing to say, and I don’t know why I said it,” Nick stammered, already backing his way out of the room. “I’ll… I’ll tell the others you’re-”
are you saying this? What purpose does it serve? And, yeah, if I thought the point I had to make was important, or I had to stand my ground, then I could say it – especially if it was a
It hit Tony like a rush of oxygen; disorienting and frighteningly focused, at first. He clawed his way closer to Steve’s chest, pushing his way deeper into the kiss, devouring Steve’s mouth like a dying man gasping for air. Steve kissed him back just as hungrily, grabbing at him with that same insatiable desire to be closer.
When he finally sat up, rubbing his face and blinking against the light, his sluggishness was entirely genuine. It took a few seconds for his head to clear, his vision coming back into focus…
saying that you shouldn’t drug bomb planet earth, or enslave and then kill a bunch of people, I mean – do people – do you
the experience of talking to other people… it had been so long since he did it. And, right this moment, Tony wasn’t sure he didn’t like it. He might even have
thing to do. The thing he would do, if he was getting over it. The thing he should do, if he was thinking of what was best for Steve, rather than what might get Steve to notice him-
Steve very much liked the way that Tony had started to lounge around the house when they had these meetings.
, you put the blame on the person who did the experiment. And you pass judgement on one event that happened. And you accept that it’s a practical judgement, based on what you think would be best for your society, as people. But when you say
“And she’d have to have a reason, to want to do that.” Tony dragged the conversation back to business, reluctantly, his hand still on Steve’s leg. “I mean, it might be a stupid-ass reason… Is there
“I want to fuck you, please can I fuck you,” Tony babbled, losing interest in his higher functions, already crawling over Steve’s body.
And then Tony felt a horrible, treacherous heat rise up in his chest – oh, God, he really didn’t want to cry right now-
Then he considered just not replying at all – especially as his exhaustion was closing in on him at a rapidly increasing pace. He knew Rhodey wouldn’t take it personally. Probably wouldn’t think anything of it…
And then he looked at Tony. His eyes blown wide, his lashes wet with tears he was trying to hold back, his lips flushed dark red and slightly parted. His body held so firm, even though his breathing was shaking.
“Okay, you know you’re acting weird, right?” Rhodey sighed, taking a step closer. “So, are you going to tell me what happened?”
that he managed to keep that whole comparison to his outburst in the bunker in his head, that he managed to explain it at all…
have told Tony, just because they were friends... And that was before he started feeling like maybe Tony had a right to know - that maybe this was affecting Tony too.
He didn’t even know whether it was really good, or really bad – but he was sure it was really something. He could feel that ominous emptiness inside him; just waiting to see what flood of emotions would rush to fill it when he remembered-
could be sealed off, and that he should therefore avoid. He could also take a reasonable guess as to where Talleroy might’ve made some upgrades, given the layout of the building and the access points-
Steve knew at once that Clint recognised him - he caught the subtle widening of his eyes, the way Clint quietly appraised him as he held out his hand.
. That maybe all the songs and movies and greetings cards about romance weren’t overselling it all this time, that maybe sometimes it really
Steve felt himself fall apart, each of his muscles taking it upon themselves to surrender completely as Tony began to move inside him, thrusting into him slow and deep, again and again-
A surge of relief flooded through Steve’s body. His limbs fell loose, like his bones had all separated – a hot, basic pleasure rushing in to fill the gap.
floor… People are, uh, very edgy about even going to close to – I mean, I genuinely don’t know what you’ll find after-”
“Well, not necessarily. We’re pretty good at breaking in…to… places” Tony trailed off as Zan shook her head sadly.
was - that Steve apparently knew a version of him that he hadn’t even become yet, and outcomes of conflicts that might never happen. That Tony might just have to accept a strangers’ account of his own reactions, just because Steve said so-
...Until, somewhere along the line, it occurred to Tony that these thoughts weren’t quite as he remembered them, actually.
“Okay… Look, I’m not going to let you shut me out of this, or anything else that’s important like this - that’s not what being together is about…” He began, in a warmer voice. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t understand that there are some things you just… have to do. So. If you’re doing this on your own, the least you can do is
An hour later, Steve and Tony were still cuddled up together on the workshop couch, surrounded by the papers that they’d sent sliding in all directions in their haste to undress each other.
“And it never even occurred to me how much pressure there was on you – even when I was the one putting it there. I never thought that you’d get a completely different reaction to every apology… even from me, probably, before I worked all this out… And I’d never thought before… How horrible it must be, to not be
Tony hated himself for even asking that question. It felt disloyal and spiteful and completely ridiculous to ask that question.
thing, seeping into the cracks. That little voice that kept whispering in the background of everything. That constant question, at every stage of his plan –
that, more than anything,” Tony promised, his growing desperation seeping into his tone, his hands curling tighter around Steve’s shoulders.
Looking at her, Tony had a sudden bad taste in his mouth. An unclean feeling that only got worse as he thought through everything she’d just said… somehow, the thoughtlessness of her actions, the casual assumption of her own rightness… it was more uncomfortable than hearing about the family of power-hungry slave drivers, in a way.
“Well, it’s really good,” Tony said again, taking another bite. “Best thing I’ve eaten in… well, probably twenty years. But, when you’re processing that comment, take into account that I’ve been cooking for myself that whole time, and I’m a truly
He wanted to stop wondering how Tony felt, and second-guessing everything he did, and planning a thousand contingencies for every move he made…
“Of course, you can,” Tony breathed, his voice heavy with feeling, his fingers curling possessively around Steve’s shoulders.
simpler… I think we’ll struggle to get most of them on anything – from the files you gave us, it seems like only a few people really knew what the hell was going on. But, as we have the right to interrogate them, and get their side of things on the record... And, anyway, none of
to convince him that you don’t like him, when that obviously won’t make him like you, and it obviously won’t make him happy - and those are the things you care about. You’re hurting someone you care about and sabotaging yourself at the same time and…” Bucky stuttered into an incredulous silence, whilst he struggled to find the words for this apparent burst of emotion-
He didn’t really know why he was questioning it, other than he was confused and insecure and Tony still felt like a safe haven somehow, even as he was so scared of losing him. The desperation to keep all of this hidden from him couldn’t quite overcome the instinct to run to him - not now that he’d hit a crisis this huge.
When Tony pulled back to gasp for air, he was actually dizzy. And then he broke out into an elated smile, and finally managed a full, coherent sentence-
. And, yeah, I know, there are reasons, there was context – we’re ignoring that for now. It’s a fantasy. It’s one moment where, however unreasonable it’d be in real life, however unpopular this point of view, I get to say it my way. I get to say the context that everyone
“Look, Tony… I don’t really know what’s going on with you and Steve, or what happened before I got here, or any of that,” he winced - avoiding Sam’s eye, now. “But I do know
And what actually happened was that Tony braced a hand against Steve’s thigh, and buried himself into Steve in one hard, swift thrust.
just by adding Calcium Carbonate? But, whatever, the point is they’ve clearly got a system to label the mixed drugs they make…”
Calling Steve the symbol of consistency and order and doing what you're told, or whatever,” Bucky snickered, “because, yeah, that’s absolutely what I thought, when I was dragging Steve from Ohio out of the enlistment office. When he was running head first into every bar fight like the ginger kitten from the Aristocats - I swear, Colonel Phillips just rolled over in his grave,” he trailed off into a low, musical giggle, eventually dropping his face into his hands in an attempt to calm himself. “Sorry. I am sorry,” he managed, after a few shuddering breaths.
“Last time we talked, you were trying to ‘weasel out of’ ever seeing him again,” Rhodey summarised, in a pointedly neutral tone. “And you weren’t sure you even liked him – but you did think he was hot. And then I went on the Iraq trip, and texted you at least once a week to ask how it was going – and all you ever said was that Bucky’s arm was getting better.”
“Yeah, me too, actually.” Tony agreed far too quickly “It’s been a really long day…” And they both pointedly did not look at the clock, because if they did they’d have to acknowledge that it was probably about nine thirty.
He could imagine Steve forgetting all about it, until it came up – and then just mentioning it, like it wasn’t a big deal, rather than dancing around it or pausing awkwardly.
an immortal ever be happy with someone who wasn’t? Could either of them be content, for as long as they didn’t know?
, having to actually beg me not to take everything from you like that, not to go after an innocent man, and –
So, for anyone concerned about the consent element of this: Tony does actively ask for vocal consent before anything becomes sexual, and Steve unambiguously asks Tony to fuck him, and both parties are clearly enthusiastic about things throughout - there is no suggestion of force being any part of the fantasy for either of them. However, the fact that they are both on drugs is a fairly major theme of all of this, and its shown to be actively effecting their perceptions and their reactions and their level of inhibition. There is also a moment where it's stated that Tony is so far under the influence of those drugs that he would've *had* to keep going - although Steve asks him to before he does anything, so that's never put to the test, as it were.
Groaning petulantly, Steve threw himself into his bed again, for what would probably be another twenty minutes of irritably staring at the ceiling, before the tension got the better of him and he started to pace again…
It was a ridiculous impulse, and probably a waste of valuable time, but Steve decided to indulge his anger for just a second longer before he got to work. He took the folder marked
And he tried to think about it. He tried to remember the context of this reaction, the objective outcome of any interaction with the sun. He
But no, he had to flinch away from that too. And not because it was so awful to think of Tony being upset, like it
conclusion. He’d thought that he’d at least settled on a list of priorities, and an overall shape to the plan…
The fact was, everything was already ruined. The only mature thing he could do now was accept it, and try to help people anyway.
Occasionally, he’d allowed himself to wish for someone who would see the way he’d been treated and be angry - for
“Woah, hang on,” Bucky yelped, obviously alarmed. Steve stood to attention, immediately back in the room, as Tony took a little step back.
way… something about it turned in Steve’s stomach. He had a horrible feeling that this was the moment people think back to,
He wouldn’t feel anything, if Steve were to give the full, long form apology that he’d spent the last seven years crafting… Steve might as well say it to anyone.
He could feel himself reaching some sort of limit. A sudden, sharp building in these emotions, a edge on his desperation to get this out, a feeling like he was so
But more to the point. Steve wasn’t going to keep having sex with other people – sex he already knew he wouldn’t enjoy, that he didn’t even
And then, at last, he snapped himself to his senses - at least enough to remember the opening lines he’d so carefully prepared.
And Tony knew, whatever it was, it had nothing to do with whatever he’d been so wrong about. This was an entirely separate – but equally fundamental – understanding…
“Well, actually, the security footage should be cutting out intermittently throughout the building, about now.” Tony breezed on, making sure
Until he felt Steve’s fingertips dig into his flesh - into that same spot on his inner thighs - gripping him hard as he spread him open-
Maybe he wouldn’t, when it started to get complicated and awkward. When he finally thought of some question he couldn’t answer. When he started thinking about all the worst-case scenarios – or when he walked right into one of them. When he jumped to a wrong conclusion or said the wrong thing and fucked the whole thing up…
“What? No, of course not,” Steve frowned – he couldn’t remember being mad at Bucky in the first place. Actually, he couldn’t remember much of the last twenty-four hours, now he came to think of it… He wasn’t even entirely sure how their last appointment ended. Everything became a bit of a haze, after ‘the event’.
the humans that Anni-Vara had slaves, that it was ‘just fine here’, and the humans didn’t ask another question. Just accepted it, and said
But there was a part of Steve that only Bucky would ever know – and, if anything ever happened to him, it would leave a void in Steve that even Tony could never fill.
“Oh, God Tony, fuck me, please fuck me, please” Steve whispered, not even talking to Tony, too far gone to know he was doing it. And Tony just carried on working him open, pushing his fingers into him again, and again, and Steve didn’t know whether to grind down against the mattress or push further back into this delicious friction, this perfect pleasure thrumming inside him-
No one glanced up when Tony reached the counter and then turned back immediately, like he’d forgotten the order.
“It’s a pill” Steve told him, carefully feeling one of the sachets between his thumb and forefinger. “Well, four in total.”
...And yes, occasionally Tony remembered himself, arching his back and spreading his knees, so happy and sure of submitting to Steve like that-
experiment, at least. But nowhere in any of the files was there any reference to an overall project. Which, okay, might’ve meant that Zan was just making that up… But Tony didn’t think so.
. And whatever you decide to do about all this, however it all ends up, I’m always going to love you. I’m always going to be right here waiting to share any part of your life that I can. Nothing’s ever going to be more important than that - that’s the reason I give a shit about building a better world in the first place. But… You’re right, I can’t pretend to be someone else just to keep you. And if the fact that I’ve even considered this terrifies you, and you don’t want anything to do with me anymore… then maybe I
He began, seriously “In terms of things that have gone unsaid. And I know it probably seems redundant now…I guess I’m just saying this because I feel like it
“I will, I promise,” Steve agreed eagerly, nodding earnestly. And then there was a sudden shout in his head, a little voice that Steve had forgotten all about until it cut in, seemingly from nowhere, “but only if you want to.”
“Hey, you with us?” Bucky rasped, grimacing with the effort of it. Sam groaned in response. Steve gave him a moment to sit himself up, and find his bearings, before he asked him,
Until, after some amount of time, he was snapped out of the cycle by the speedy patter of footsteps on the stairs.
” was cut off when Tony dropped to claim his mouth again, kissing him possessively, running his hand over Steve’s shoulders as he impatiently pushed more of the tattered fabric away. Steve felt his lungs burn, his muscles aching with the exertion of keeping up with this, every inch of him flooded with genuine, primal adrenaline. And then, just as Steve was beginning to feel lightheaded from the lack of air, Tony broke away to kiss his neck again – the other side, this time. Trailing a matching line of tingling bruises all the way down the column of Steve’s throat, and then sucking hard at the tender flesh at the curve of his shoulder.
Not that Steve had got much of a look… But it was enough to know that Stark was wearing a black shirt, and that his eyes really
He imagined Stape laughing at him, gloating, being deliberately cruel. He imagined Stape knowing every one of his darkest fears and exploiting them expertly… in the way that only Steve’s own mind could manage, in fact.
looking to argue with every point, rather than think about it and – one, that was probably really frustrating, and it’s probably the reason why we fought. But, two… I think The Accords wouldn’t
And Steve had simply walked out into this beautiful scene, and smiled and the playful strangeness of it, and then wandered over where Sam and Nat were trading casual small talk at the edge of the pool -
“...It’s nice to hear someone say that,” he found himself confessing - not feeling nearly as vulnerable about it as he thought he should be. “To be brutally honest, I liked my mom more than my dad, and no one ever says I was like
clearer head, Tony realised what a ridiculous aim it had been in the first place. That he was obviously never going to find any answers with a search this unstructured.
Tony grabbed the back of Steve’s hair, burying his head into Steve’s neck and moaning his name as he came, and came, and came…
“-Through the security system, under the lasers,” Tony carried on anyway, clinging onto his composure for just long enough to finish “oh, damn, he fell into the ball pit.”
As such, I'll be returning to the Monday update for chapter 18 and thereafter (unless I actually get a lot of writing done on my holiday, in which case you'll actually get more updates 😀) But, just for clarification, the next chapter will be being posted on or before the 29th of September
“Right,” Steve nodded, tensely. And then he glanced up at the woman at the front of the room. “I’m so sorry, apparently I have to leave.”
But he just kept imagining Tony screaming at him, asking him what the hell he was thinking or telling him he was out of his mind.
of the people who are going to make a power grab in the next few years,” he tried again. “And I know how they’re going to do it, and exactly what they’re going to try to build… and why that doesn’t work. And, yeah, I do know how I’d want things to go instead. And, okay, things might not work out that way. This isn’t a… step-by-step plan for global conquest, or anything…” He was greatly reassured when Tony snorted a laugh at that - and then simply looked at Steve to continue… like this was all perfectly reasonable… “But, yes, I think it might be a great help, one day, if we knew exactly what was on all of those Hydra files…”
