All of the men in the room chorused a synchronized ‘yes, Herr Whitehall’ before exiting. He heard rattles of rifle magazines and stomps of heavy boots in the corridor, preparing themselves with limitless ammo and protection. They were given the order to shoot-to-kill anyone that tries to approach Whitehall and his operation room.
“All right. Tony, is there plenty of surgical instruments to do it?” He glanced around the room and found a rack of the equipment. Tony nodded and hummed a yes. “Great, just point the way for me.”
“But we’ve already gone to a magical island on our first honeymoon. Tahiti.” His husband put on his round, puppy eyes and stared at him. He couldn’t say no to that; it’s been proven again and again that Steve’s signature puppy eyes will always make him melt inside, it’s a crime.
Nat and Bruce too tagged along in the hugging session to comfort Tony. They wanted to be there for him as Tony had always been there for them since they moved into the tower; he improved their gadgets, introduced movie nights and sleepovers and the list goes on. The least they could do was to return the favour for the sake of their valued friendship.
“Shut up, hobo.” Sam laughed. Steve looked at the both of them and they were happy in each other’s presence. He was proud that Bucky had found a home to return to.
As he opened his eyes, he noticed two things happening all of a sudden: Tony was missing by his side and the shooting star was charging towards him. Did the heavens denied his wishes, or was he unworthy to make such a wish? His thoughts didn’t matter because the fiery meteor became bigger and bigger by the second. If this was his ending, Steve could accept it – he had savoured his precious days with the person he loved the most, even if it meant his lover would leave him before he could say the three holy words.
Then, he heard the heart monitor beeping faster than normal. Tony turned around to see the sparkle from those ocean blue eyes coming to life and stared into his own chocolate brown eyes. Steve was awake and grinning.
He couldn’t care less – Tony wasn’t interested in working with them anyway as the rest of them weren’t even qualified to be a board member, only to be appointed as one for the sake of Tony’s sympathy towards them. Plus, was it an offence for having a wonderful time with Captain America himself?
“Nat, you’re with me with the satellites.” She smiled and nodded attentively. “Let’s go track my lovable, patriotic, son-of-a-gun husband.”
“So, you’re just gonna pull the trigger and let him die? We need him alive, genius, so that he can be executed by the law, not by our own instincts,” he groaned, stepping closer to Bucky. “Look, deep down if I have the chance, I’ll also strangle this man’s life out of him and disintegrate him, but this is not the right way.”
Steve smiled widely, delighted with his friends’ thoughtfulness. Then, he remembered something. “How did you take care of Bucky? I tried snapping him out of his brainwashing programme… before the Helicarrier fell.”
A question he wished to never respond, moreover to think about it. The man out of time, losing almost everything in the past, and apparently the future.
“Heimdall informed me about the Captain’s distress just now. I came here immediately to help him,” he placed his large hand on Tony’s left shoulder. “Fear not, Man of Iron. I will assist in finding your dearest, beloved husband.”
“Looks like the Captain America couldn’t handle a bunch of watts.” Whitehall said and he no longer felt shocked. The man in front of him put down his prod and continued to walk.
The envelope was from Steve. He gently flipped open it and there was a letter in it. Tony began to read it under his umbrella.
Instead of walking to the end of the tunnel, the super-soldier found himself dancing steadily around the kitchen with Tony; both of their hands caressed each other’s back with their heads met one another.
In a split second, that man shoved the prod at his torso and he felt a sudden electric jolt running through his veins. It hurts like hell. Every inch of his body was screaming for help. He had never suffered being electrocuted in his life, so this experience might scar him in the future.
There was so much pain in Tony's heart. The thing that he didn't expect to happen was in front of his eyes. At the same time, he felt guilty for letting his worst nightmare to occur. Steve left the real world without Tony's forgiveness.
The super soldier was the only one who could comfort Tony during his special day for the past few years. His birthday reminded him of Howard, his father who wasn't there for him when he was a child. He would go on long business trips, leaving him all alone at home.
Tony was in his lab to monitor Steve's movements in London by pinpointing his recent location. His eyes trailed around the moving red dot on his holographic screen. He wanted to make sure that Steve was safe and sound.
After I left, I would have a mental breakdown in the middle of night every day, because I can't stop thinking about you, about how you are living your life without the person who broke your trust. I just hope that soon you will get better without me.
Midnight was approaching and Tony and the team were still searching for any clues or hints to find Steve’s location. Bruce and Clint read all related records about HYDRA and their possible hideouts; none of them matched their desired profile. He and Nat almost found their luck with the satellites – they detected a cloaked plane flying across the Caribbean Sea, seemingly heading towards Havana, but the plane wasn’t HYDRA’s; it was piloted by ‘a secret S.H.I.E.L.D. team’ as explained by Nat, despite she recognized the plane’s name and design.
A few of his men rushed into the room and cleaned up the corpse, along with the spilling blood on the floor. That should teach the others a lesson, he thought and put the gun down.
I have to call him back, he thought anxiously. Tony searched for Steve's number, which was the only contact in the phone, and pressed the dial button. Unfortunately, luck was not on his side as he heard the voice of a telecommunication operator speaking out the words Tony didn't expect to hear at all.
The funeral was simple, as they didn't want to attract Ross who would come and arrest them. Everyone delivered their speeches, talking about how lucky they were to have someone who was as caring and loyal as Steve Rogers.
“I can love you too, you know. I have always love you since New York, just cowardly enough to not ask you on a date.” Tony confesses.
He got up from his seat and ambled towards the window, taking in the sights of Washington D.C. while thinking about his current situation. He won’t leave Steve alone and even if it takes weeks for Steve to wake up, he will stay in this building without failure.
This causes Tony to make up his mind to break his chains of sobriety. Steve was the one who guided Tony to stop drinking alcoholic beverages. Despite being stubborn at first, he did listen to Steve's advice because he wanted to be with him until the end of the line. At the moment, the one who meant the most to him was the one who didn't show up at the door or to the very least, called during his birthday.
The both of them were about to enjoy their ice cream by the fountain park when Clint and Natasha interrupted their date. Clint was running towards them, specifically Tony, asking him for some money. At that time, Tony was still holding hands with Steve. Nat, who suddenly appeared behind the nearest bush, said that she managed to take a photo of them. The couple blushed and the two best friends walked away hurriedly, heading towards the hot dog vendor.
He can sense it. His husband is a hundred percent inside the building. God forbid, if Bucky leads them to the trap, he’s gonna kill that son-of-a-bitch. But, he trusted the Winter Soldier to aid them along in this mission because he recognized a sincere attitude when he sees one. He’s glad Steve had chosen the right friend to live with throughout the early 19th century.
He stormed with rage towards Barnes and knocked him out on the floor on his front torso, his gauntlet grasping both of his arms to prevent him from escaping or worst, hurting him and the team. Barnes growled in pain, but he didn’t move a muscle to tackle the genius off of him. Tony didn’t care; this man was responsible for Steve’s drowning and kidnapping.
He wore his latest Iron Man suit he built recently and traced the phone's signal. FRIDAY informed him that the flip phone was located at an old apartment in Brooklyn. It took Tony less than five minutes to reach there.
“See you in a minute,” Bucky waved his hand to the others who were preparing their disguises with the veil but smiled at Nat. Gross lovebirds, he thought. And that’s fine because he will shamelessly flirt and make love with his goofy husband in front of them after this rescue mission just to spite them.
“Tony, none of those things were your fault.” Pepper placed her hand on his knee while looking straight into his eyes. “He went on the mission because he loves you and he doesn’t want you to get hurt again, not after Killian. Steve knows you were trying your best to help him and he appreciates it because he is too damned in love with you.”
“Me too. I thought I wouldn’t have a chance with you since you were with Pepper. I thought you hated me.”
Steve’s face formed a smile, a genuine one. Happiness bloomed in him as the man he still loved came to help reverse Thanos’ snap. Nat, Scott and him once tried approaching the genius but he rejected, stating that he should cherish every moment with his wife and daughter. That statement broke him to bits – Tony was married during the five-year span; a long time stretch since he last saw the man lying on a bed unconscious and he didn’t know about it.
“Thank you.” Bucky spoke softly. “You have every right to be mad at me. I’m not sure if I deserve it.”
"So, you are not on my faction in our so-called breakup?" Tony asked and she nodded. "Looks like I'm gonna arrest you,"
Barnes sighed. “After Steve took out my mask during our first fist-fight, I was taken back to the Ideal Federal Savings Bank to alter my mind. I overheard Pierce talking with a scientist about a plan to capture Steve. The scientist looked quite similar to a HYDRA leader we once encountered before Red Skull died.”
They landed and disembarked the Aven-Jet at a nearby cemetery that had been swallowed by ivy roots and floating mist. A perfect covert spot to have the stealth advantage. Bruce remained in the jet and stayed on guard in case something bad happens.
“I know where Steve is, and I need your help, Stark.” The mention of Steve made him jumped a little. So, this guy was the one behind his husband’s abduction…
“It’s a long story,” he chuckled, recollecting the sudden moment, minutes before he and Bucky found Steve. “Anyways, the team and my family send their regards; Thor came back, Happy gave you chocolates and Sam did visit.”
He was about to ask when he heard Clint’s voice coming from the kitchen and he looked at the archer. There was a pack of chips and chocolates in both of his grips, and a Captain America mug in Bruce’s left hand. His favourite mug. He could see the hot vapour rising from the mug and smelled the bittersweet aroma of coffee. The two of them were already on their way towards him and Nat.
"FRIDAY, have you done rendering and enhancing my suit's tech?" Tony asked his one-year old A.I. "And also upload everything in it,"
When she mentioned the Winter Soldier, he noticed Nat frowned and looked away, seemingly avoiding to say his name out loud. Tony knew Nat was injured when she first encountered the mindless assassin in Iran, but why did she become nostalgic about it?
He lay on a meadow filled with flowers, watching the glimmering comet gliding across the night sky. Tony’s with him; head on his chest and left arm wrapped around it, taking in his warmth.
“Captain Rogers’ body is still missing from my scans, sir. My theories suggest that he may be kidnapped.” Of course he was kidnapped. He groaned while pinching his chin. Possibly HYDRA, and it made sense, considering Steve had toppled HYDRA’s evil scheme from eliminating thousands of innocent civilians high in the sky.
“You’re a cheesy man, Stark. It’s nauseating,” which earned a hard nudge from Tony. “I’m glad both of you met in this century together.” Bucky smiled and his footsteps faded as he walked away from the room.
“Count your days, Barnes,” Nat warned the Winter Soldier while settling down on the pilot’s chair. Tony could hear Clint’s giggle behind him regarding the assassin’s rocky relationship with her, much to Bucky’s dismay.
Unfortunately, Tony didn’t notice the presence of his sweet and annoying closest friend standing in front of him. When did Pepper enter his office unnoticed?
Questions about the here and now were storming into his brain. Why did they argue in the first place? What was Tony supposed to do at the moment? Why Steve couldn't ask Tony to join the super soldier in their secret expedition? He was worried for his boyfriend on getting hurt because he didn't return the phone call. He loved him and at the moment Tony knew that Steve still loved him.
Tony asked FRIDAY to turn off the news and decided to head to the kitchen. Peter thanked him a lot of times, knowing that the man who stood in front of him was his idol. He hugged Tony and surprisingly he returned the hug, arms opened.
He nodded. “Yes, please.” She grinned and stood up, lifted the genius, and walked through the door. Then, Pepper took out her phone and immediately dialled Happy. Tony was grateful to have supportive and caring friends like her since he started his journey as Iron Man. She, along with Rhodey and Happy, was another family he never had in the first place. He couldn’t imagine a world without them in it.
“We’re compromised. They know we are here as if they expected our arrival.” Nat’s voice rang through the comms.
The body was brought to a private medical room and Tony followed in pursuit. After bringing him into the room, a doctor demanded everyone to leave the room, but Tony insisted to stay and asked the doctor to leave for a moment. He wanted to have some time with Steve. The doctor nodded and left.
Tony cried again. One part of him was broken because Steve was gone. Really gone. Steve died with severe guilt in his heart and mind. He couldn't imagine what had Steve went through.
Whitehall pulled apart the plastered tape on his mouth without hesitation. Steve couldn’t help but let out a sore groan. He was outrageous. He had a desire to break free from his restraints and knock this man off senselessly. Sadly, his brute strength couldn’t assist him at the moment.
They said their goodbyes to him, with Rhodey reminding him to take a short rest before resuming his lookout activity. Tony offered a position in the team to Sam before he leaves since Steve talked about him in their chats, but he smiled.
Helen guided them to Steve’s ward on the upper floor and spotted their beloved captain in a hospital gown, sleeping to the static noises of a distant television.
“Yeah. I think so.” She picked up a pen and twirled it randomly with her fingers. “I’m just... having a hard time processing everything in the past few days; HYDRA and S.H.I.E.L.D., Cap is kidnapped, Sharon’s, Sam’s and Hill’s leads came to a dead-end and the return of the Winter Soldier.”
“For almost a year I had been researching about an object named the Obelisk – believed by Schmidt himself that it holds the key to something I fully didn’t understand because everyone that touches it dies. I experimented with the Obelisk’s powers on different types of people, ranging from gender to race; they all gave the same, lethal result. Until I met this woman. My men forced her to touch it and she wasn’t affected. On the plus side, the Obelisk glowed for the first time, in front of my own eyes.”
“And what I thought you love the most about me was me being a genius,” he joked and the rest of them chuckled. “Pep, you guys don’t have to. I will always care for all of you. You’re my besties.”
Tony held Steve’s hand close to his heart as fear appeared on his husband’s face. “Hun, Bruce and I… we’re going to sew you up. So, we have to give you sedatives and,” he highlighted the ‘and’ loudly. “Anaesthesia.”
Tony was shocked to see a flip phone that came together with the letter from Steve. Looks like the old man have been keeping up, he thought and reminisced about every memory he had with the super soldier. The good and bad.
It took a couple of hours before the groggy effects were worn off from his body. He rushed towards the living room and took hold of the phone. The billionaire flipped the phone open and saw two notifications on the small screen. One missed call and one unread message. He decided to read the message first which turned out to be a voice message left by Steve. Tony turned up the volume and held the phone's speakers close to his ears.
He knew he shouldn’t be too worried about Steve – even Thor sensed that he was still alive – but he couldn’t resist the sinking feeling he had, murmuring about Steve’s safety. His only wish right now was to hope his husband wasn’t severely injured or beaten to death.
“Alive and not brainwashed? Yes,” the Winter Soldier chuckled and stepped closer to the table. “Glad to have you back, pal.”
“You don’t have to apologize, Steve.” Tony puts his hand on the soldier’s cheek, wiping the remaining tear tracks. “I forgive you a long time ago, for everything.”
Tony was the last one to give his speech. He had tears in his eyes as he saw his partner's grave in front of him. He just couldn't do it, so he knelt sadly to the ground beside his tombstone with Rhodey holding out his umbrella for his best friend. He never imagined things would end up like this.
The doctor must have noticed his gawking eyes and let out a chuckle. “I’m sure you are surprised to see me again after almost seven decades. I will tell you how I got here. But first.” Whitehall signalled his assistant to step forward. “Let’s take a stroll down the memory lane, shall we?”
Waking up in the afterlife is what he expected before he died. What he didn’t expect is the sight of Tony, looking dashing as always, sitting at the edge of his bed.
“Oh, Tony.” She said and hugged him close, with the genius’ head on her shoulder. Tony teared up more, causing Pepper’s blouse to be drenched in teardrops. She didn’t care. It was one of her roles as Tony’s closest friend along with Rhodey and Happy – ensuring that he deserves happiness and not grief, especially since Afghanistan.
Both of them walked towards Tony’s automatic-driven fancy car. Ultron really did a number on all of them; Bruce vanished, Thor and Clint returning home while him and Nat stayed at the Avengers compound.
He expected and wished that Steve would call him on his birthday. That's all that he ever wanted at the moment. He didn't care about those colourful presents. He wanted Steve to be here with him. The longer he waited for the flip phone to vibrate and beep, the more he questioned about Steve. Did he failed to remember his birthday? Did he neglect Tony?
Bucky nodded and kicked open the door. No HYDRA goons were wandering around their mossy corridor. All they have to do was to get to the operation room before the time runs out. Bucky led the way in a swift state with Tony treading behind him. He also kept his eyes peeled behind him for any pestering goons that tried to muddle in their way.
It’s almost seven in the evening and everyone that he had requested an hour earlier had arrived, seated on a long couch. Bruce arrived the minute Tony sent out his message, followed by Clint a few moments later, and Nat who showed up looking exhausted. According to her, she was helping with the clean-up in the aftermath of the S.H.I.E.L.D vs. HYDRA incident.
He gave a nod to Bruce, and the scientist began injecting a high dose of painkillers and sedatives into Steve’s body. Tony saw his husband began to relax and his eyes started to close, indicating that the effects have kicked in. The genius put on a smile, in hopes Steve would have good dreams when under sedation.
It took Nat and Sam ten hours to travel back to the states with one of Tony's private jets. As the two of them disembarked the plane with Steve's body, Tony rushed towards the corpse. He wanted to convince himself that Steve's death was not an illusion to him. Reality was right; his boyfriend's neck was severely broken and there were no pulses.
“We’re going with you, Stark.” Clint clapped on his shoulder. “No way you’re not gonna let us take a piss on these HYDRA scums alone.”
“It’s not your fault, Steve,” he ran his fingers across his husband’s chest gently. “You actually did a good job in that part because he came to the tower to ask some help about it. Find the right solution, fix his brain, yadda yadda yadda.”
After a few moments, one by one they left the cemetery, leaving behind Tony and Nat. She marched closer towards the man and gave him a hug.
JARVIS did a whole scan around the room, detecting any presence of life beyond the room’s walls. He discovered behind two rows of walls were a few dozens of men – definitely HYDRA goons – were rushing towards the front door, rifles in their grip.
Fuck, he just couldn't do it. It was tough. Tony missed him so much. He wished Steve would stay with him, agreed with the dumb accords and told him the truth.
But at the moment, Tony was alone and yes, he did received gifts from Rhodey, Pepper and even his mentee but he wasn't in the mood to be happy. His birthday seemed dull without Steve.
“However, after your apparent death, I was captured by the S.S.R. and sentenced to live my whole life in a rotten cell.” Whitehall motioned two men in scrubs to change the board’s posture into a horizontal position. “For forty years I was imprisoned in a 48 square feet room until Alexander Pierce freed me from that place. Bless his old soul. His henchmen informed me about the woman, still living freely in her youth. She was like the Walking Fountain of Youth. A myth that came to life.
“JARVIS, any news about Steve?” Tony spoke into his StarkPad that Pepper gave him before exiting the building.
“It’s fine, Hap.” It was never fine. His husband was still out there while HYDRA might be planning god knows what on that stupidly, handsome, one-of-a-kind man. Oh, god. What if HYDRA is currently torturing Steve right now? What if-
“No problem. This will take about 30 minutes to at least remove fifty percent of your HYDRA programming and hopefully restore your old, sweet memories.” He winked at Nat, making her nudged him at the waist.
Words and sentences rambling out of his mouth put Steve’s mind in confusion. He couldn’t understand about the concept of time travel anyway since Scott came up with that idea a few days back.
Was his choice of saving Bucky and leaving Tony alone in the Siberian bunker worth it? If he did the opposite, would things resolve or combust even more? Either way, he figured that Tony will hate and despise him in an indefinite period – presumably hated him since the very beginning. Tony probably didn’t care about him; the genius possibly had incinerated his truce/apology letter and threw away the burner phone. Steve was fine, he appreciated the fact that he was bound to not be with Tony.
Since HYDRA was in his mind, he wondered how Whitehall managed to survive all these years. And he also had preserved his youth. Did he take the super-soldier serum? That can’t be the answer since the serum only could slowly age someone’s length of life. But this, the man standing in front of him was seemingly immortal.
I wish I had more time with you. I wish I never made those stupid mistakes to you. I wish we could be together someday.
The ones left in the room was him, and another surgeon who decided to stay and help Whitehall. The surgeon resumed his work on cleaning all of the surgical instruments and removed the retractors on the captain’s surgical site to ensure hygiene practices for the next procedure.
Watching the soldier lay unconscious on the metal board made his heart flutter – he was going to carry out a fully experimental procedure on him. He first analysed the captain’s brain activity and life functions from the observatory room through a glass window that separates the room from the operating room.
His heart shattered and he leant against a wall that hides them from being spotted by the doctor, muffled up in tears in his eyes. He hung his head low, hiding his sadness from Bucky. HYDRA was using him as their dissecting project? Was this their whole plan the whole fucking time?
He had no other choice but to heavily depend on two courses of action: beg his kidnappers to release him that may end up in a blood bath or wait for backup.
One of the male doctors accidentally tripped over a camouflaging cable while his hand was trying to find a spot to hold on and minimize the impact. The smack of his hand caused a pair of forceps to fly off the trolley, landing inside the surgical site of the body. Blood immediately spewed out in large amounts as the sharp edge of the instrument punctured one of the nearby arteries. Within ten seconds, the bright-red liquid almost overflowed the void cavity.
The A.I. changed the map tab on the screen into the news tab. Tony was confused at first, but eventually watched it.
He smiled at the genius and closed his eyes. Steve wished he would be by Tony’s side until the end of time and make him the happiest person on Earth.
"Tony, I wasn't expecting you to be here in Steve's hideout," the female blonde talked to him after she recognized the person trespassing her neighbour’s home.
He told his friends that they were welcomed to leave as the night grew older. The three of them declined the offer, stating they wouldn’t give up this early and were willing to stay up all night and day together just to find their beloved friend and fearless leader. Tony smirked at their answers, feeling happy with their presence around. It was a nice sentiment.
Tony couldn't speak out those three words to his boyfriend, or ex-boyfriend; he wasn't certain of it. He needed to take some fresh air.
“He loved you and admired you, even when you fought during my absence. And I know you love him too.” Steve’s eyes went wide, shocked that Bruce knew about his feelings. The doctor noticed his reaction and chuckled lightly. “Steve, I’ve known you for more than a decade. Your gaze is always locked on Tony whenever he speaks. Don’t forget that ear-to-ear grin you gave him every time he pats you on your shoulder.” He wasn’t wrong.
Steve’s eyes opened widely and confirmed his previous thoughts. His back laid on a vertical metallic board, provided with the metal restraints over his body. He tried to unshackle himself but it wasn’t worth the effort – the restraints seemed to be unbreakable and couldn’t be broken down by a strong force, even for a super-soldier like himself. Not even a single crack was made on the strap.
After the minor scuffle, Rhodey and Pepper saw him and rushed towards Tony, giving him a warm hug. They knew about Steve. Tony cried his heart out, grieving the loss of his boyfriend. The loss of his other pair. He wished he was there to defend Steve from Thanos. He ignored his visions and he regretted it.
He was thrilled to reunite with Steve again. He wants to kick him in the shins for being a self-sacrificing, wonderful and idiotic fool, but he also wants to kiss the man’s booboos away. Call him a sap, he just missed being with his husband.
A few hours after Tony had visited the dead corpse, all of the registered Avengers and the rogue Avengers attended Steve's funeral, along with Sharon, Nick Fury and Maria Hill. Everyone in New York City and the world didn't knew that the Captain America was given a funeral because of the government's orders.
“The three of us will barge in the front door and pretend to be a HYDRA agent. Once inside, we just have to take down all of the guards and retrieve their remaining data.”
“A cup of coffee is enough.” Clint nodded and he went to the communal kitchen, not far from their workplace. Bruce followed him while Nat decided to stay with Tony.
“Did you just quote a Kelly Clarkson song?” He looked at him and chuckled. Bruce seldomly made pop culture references in any conversation. The curly-haired man just shrugged his shoulders as his response. “Anyways, Bruce is right. We have to conclude that my husband is still alive out there. No more conspiracy theories about his fate. If we keep dwelling about his doom, I think I might… I think I might-” No, no, no.
Peter said another 'thank you', waved his hand at Tony and left the Avengers Compound with Happy driving him back home.
Just as he was finishing with the anastomosis construction between the external iliac and renal veins, he heard a grunt on his left. The captain was slowly rousing from his sedated sleep, looking baffled with his surroundings. He asked one of his surgeons to give him another dose of sedative. Within a minute, Captain America went under again. His procedure won’t be interfered with from now onwards.
Bucky might be a former assassin, but he was Steve’s closest friend. On rainy days, his husband would blame himself for not saving Bucky on the train. The least he could do was to assure him that Steve did rescue his best friend, even the cost the blonde paid was to fall into the river and be kidnapped by HYDRA. This was probably the best option, and he was certain his mom and Steve would be proud of his empathy towards Bucky.
He sighed. This procedure must be in a perfect, flawless flow to obtain the desired outcomes. Clumsy and inadequate actions should not be tolerated under his surveillance as there were no filed records of failed experiments in any history book. It was considered a taboo among HYDRA scholars; many scientists were blacklisted and executed for their incompetency to produce a one-in-a-million result.
An hour had passed by and the red dot still hasn't moved an inch on the map. His mind was spinning and his hands were shaking. An average person would spend thirteen minutes to drink tea, and why was Steve spending a lot of time there? What was happening on the other side of the world?
It was a picture of him and Steve holding hands while strolling around Central Park. This was definitely Steve's old home, or a secret hideout. He really did love me, he thought. He recalled that particular memory, letting out a small chuckle.
Tony's mind suddenly wandered around his most traumatic, unforgettable moment of his life. His soulmate rammed the shield to his arc reactor, his only source of life. Why would he do that? Did the soldier actually loved him? Was the billionaire being good enough?
He was thinking a lot about himself and Steve. Lots of thoughts popped up in his mind, giving him a hard time to think properly. Who was the one making mistakes in this relationship? Who was the most loving one between the two of them? Who was the one hurting? He needed a solution to reduce his mental pain.
“It’s all my fault.” He pulled away from the hug and sat cross-legged on the floor. “I let him on the mission. I wasn’t fast enough to debunk all the details on the Winter Soldier and Steve might be dead because of my incompetence.”
Peter watched Tony's weird behaviour and asked the Iron Man if he was fine. Every time people asked about him, he would said that he was fine especially in this current situation where Steve left him. He was faking every emotion masking on his face because they would never understand what he was going through. Nevertheless, he also understood that the people around him were there to support him through his sticks and stones. He wished Steve would have done the same to him.
He shouldn’t be upset about Tony and Pepper’s marriage. Realistically, he should be stoked and congratulate the man but his envied mind created fake scenarios of him and Tony, living a happy ever after life.
Right. That. As far as he’s concerned, they had no plans in the following week: the remaining heads of HYDRA had been captured, no extraterrestrials causing catastrophe around the globe, cancellations of boring meetings at the headquarters. Yup, they’re fine.’
After ten minutes of driving, Happy pulled up the limousine and announced that they have arrived at the tower. Tony said his thanks again and quickly made his way to his lab. The genius activated his holographic screen and it showed various sources of his missing husband.
“A reminder that some of those bad memories will be gone forever, while others could resurface after the effects wear off.” Tony added.
Another judging stare was given to him from the one and only, Bucky Barnes. Tony knew he was criticizing him for firing the energy beams at the dead body, but he didn’t care. The man was already shot to death and what’s the point of keeping him prisoner for interrogation? Might as well make him a punching bag, a conduit to channel his anger and rage for what HYDRA had done to Steve.
They called the night before the mission and Steve’s reactions were a mixture of happiness, devastation, self-loathing, and guilt after discovering and confirming the identity of the Winter Soldier. If Steve’s emotions were a concoction in the lab, it might be as volatile as a radioactive nucleus.
Bucky was right. He should have noticed the body’s chest movements before turning into an overthinking machine. Steve was probably fine in there as the operation hasn’t begun yet. Now, they have a chance to get him out of that table. First things first, they should try and talk things out with the Reed Diamond-lookalike doctor.
Every Thursday noon would be the death of him, and he had to attend it just for the sake of Stark Industries. Each meeting would end up being predictable: talking and studying about renewable energy and what technology could be suitable for handling it. The lame discussion forced him to drew himself out of the meeting and scrolled through his StarkPad.
“Oh-ho, you’re such a romantic, Rogers,” he pulled away and his hands were on Steve’s shoulders. “What do you plan when we get there?”
Tony grabbed a stool and sat next to him. He asked what was bothering him moments ago, only for Bucky to look away. It was understandable for him to not spit out their emotions in front of someone they only met an hour ago, and still recovering from his past life. For him, the soldier did a great job at handling his own emotions.
“I know. But now, we have each other forever and ever. Plus, I really wanted to touch the infamous America’s ass. You can’t mask that ass-”
“You mean I’m lucky to have him.” Bucky grinned. “I think Bruce has finished preparing your short-term neural-inhibiting potion, so you can tail along to save Steve.” He looked at Bruce, who was giving a thumbs-up in the air indicating that the diluent was ready.
He couldn’t do it as it didn’t feel right. The alternate timeline shouldn’t be interfered at all in order to keep the universe at peace. Looks like the universe really wanted him and Tony to be apart from one another.
“Steve.” Tony snapped his fingers, breaking Steve’s trance. He looked back at Tony, grinning sheepishly. “You know, I just want peace at this point – resentment is corrosive and I hate it.”
All this time, he thought his dad was to blame for his mother’s death. The truth just came out of the bag, or in this case a person, who was responsible for their deaths and was fucking right in front of him.
He noticed Nat zoned out cluelessly and hopelessly beside him. Tony admitted he had never seen her in this state, feeling out of touch. He waved his hand in front of her, causing the Black Widow to startle from her seat.
Clint fixed his seating posture and made a dismissal sign. “Ex-girlfriend. Who cares? She is always stubborn as hell. And a charmer too. Now she’s with some British guy I don’t recognize.” He tore open a bag of chips and grabbed a bite. “Enough about me.” His mouth still chewing. “What about you, Bruce?”
“That should teach him some manners. Now, where was I? Oh, yes. That discovery was a breaking point for me to think outside of the box. I always wondered the possibilities that somewhere around the planet, there are more people like her – born with gifts, preparing to be unleashed to the world. I like to call them Inhumans. Now, HYDRA is on its way to find more of these people with the help of the Obelisk so that I can experiment with each and every one of them. Their powers are worthier to be in the hands of HYDRA, especially me. Then, we can accomplish world domination, now that our identities have been exposed to the public.
Whitehall walked closer to the captain’s lying body while putting on a new pair of latex gloves and face mask.
Upon completing his mission, Steve stepped down from being Captain America, gave the mantle to Sam and continued to fight alongside the Avengers. He trained and advised each and every one of them to fight for what they loved. For years, new and young ones replaced the old ones, giving way for his old friends to retire and live a tranquil life. Tony’s daughter, Morgan joined the Avengers too at the age of twenty-two, replacing previous Avengers’ head scientist Helen Cho, and helped improve and enhance everyone’s gear and tech. Tony would be so proud of her.
“We go in through the garbage shaft to avoid being detected ‘cause no one would inspect there,” Bucky started clarifying, just as the team gathered around to listen. “From there onwards, I think I know where Steve is. As for the three of you.”
Tony shook his head while the whole world stopped revolving, white noise interfering with his hearing. What did he just listen to? Nope. That can’t be real. His parents died in an accident; the coroners have confirmed their autopsies. He remembered his mom said they were on a business trip, never informing him on what kind of business. Unless…
Barnes didn’t look at his way as he was staring at Nat like he did something wrong. Was he afraid that she might kick his ass again, just like their first encounter a few days back? “Natasha?” They heard his raspy, shaky voice for the first time.
Did he offer an olive branch to him? Judging from his facial features, Tony was telling the truth. Of course he would because he wasn’t a liar like the soldier himself. It was the kindness and earnest shown by the genius that surprised him since they weren’t on speaking terms for five years – seven if you begin counting from the Civil War aftermath.
"You can't Tony. You know that Ross will find out about it," she comforted him. "Besides, even if he permitted you to go, your Iron Man suit won’t be fast enough to be there in time,”
Bucky backed off and avoided him, horror scribbled on his face. Deep in his heart, Tony really wanted to strangle the man in front of him for murdering his mom. It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair that he lost one of his life supports at the age of twenty-one. His mother could still be alive to this day if it wasn’t for Mr Staring Machine here. Gosh, now he had to deal with this emotional burden all over again – the denial, the depression, the grief and everything in between.
And there in front of his own eyes, he lifted up his glasses to witness the aftermath of the surgery. The sight of the reddish, healthy kidney lying magnificently in the void cavity of the abdomen. After more than two hours of intense and detailed surgery, he could finally see the beauty of the organ. He confessed that the soldier’s kidney was distinctive from the ones normal humans have: large in diameter and volume, along with its healing effects that were visible to the naked eye.
As Steve came into his life, he felt calm with him because he understood what was Tony going through. He would give him soft talks and hugs and kisses to make him realize that Tony had Steve on his side.
After forty winks, he woke up with Tony still keeping him company next to him. The genius who was previously scrolling his smartphone noticed Steve’s awakening, offered him a glass of water but earned a declining wave from the super-soldier.
“I have some satellites that could do that, but it will take a long while to cover the entire globe. I better get going.”
"The ex-fugitive was here to defend a precious item called an Infinity Stone, but he was surrounded by Thanos and his minions. Unfortunately, the captain's neck was snapped by the leader, leaving the aliens to retrieve the stone and teleported themselves to-"
He knew she’s right. Nat was always right and Tony wouldn’t argue with her comment as she was the most observant one in the team.
Tony put up his neutral face, opened his car door and turned to Steve for the last time. “You alright?”
Tony made glances and looks around the room, trying to figure out the layout of the room. There was a moment of silence between them for about two minutes before Sharon talked again.
Tony froze for a minute after listening to Pepper's explanation. It can't be, he thought. The vision he witnessed in his dream about a month ago. The word Thanos. The dots were starting to link one another.
Both of them nodded with a sigh and there was a moment of awkward silence before the billionaire broke it.
“I’m fine.” He tried to heave himself up to sit but a swell of throbbing backache prevented him from doing so. Steve felt a pang of shame filling inside him. He can’t be showing his weakness in front of Tony, not after he tried pining for the man he loved for two years. Only Tony understood him well compared to the others in this 21st century. He was always in his comfort zone and really felt whole as a person whenever he was with Tony, not as Captain America but as Steve Rogers. There were times where he felt lonely and melancholic but with the thoughts of Tony and his sketches of the said man, he went through with his life worry-free. If and only if he had the chance to be with Tony.
This situation reminded him of a time where he and Steve started dating – the blonde man anxious on announcing their relationship worldwide because of the swarm of paparazzi intruding their tower lobby every single fucking day.
“I know you won’t leave this room until he opens his eyes. It’s so you,” she giggled and Tony smiled. “That quality is what we love the most about you. You cared for him and us so much, I don’t know how we should repay you.”
Steve didn’t realize a sharp edge of the needle was planted on his neck until he felt dopey and stupefied. This might be his last conscious moment before an everlasting sleep might come knocking on him and they would perform the surgery. No amount of brute could help him escape his metal restraints. The light of the end of his tunnel got a bit teensy-weensy every minute. He wondered if heaven was waiting for him, possibly his Ma. Most likely she anticipated his son’s arrival, to be united after almost a century of seeing each other.
His team messed up big time at Lagos. Everything would be as smooth as silk when that bastard Rumlow bombed himself in the middle of the crowd, only for Wanda who kinda failed at containing the explosive flares. Steve couldn’t blame her as she was the youngest and least experienced amongst them. He blamed himself for not training her well.
“I know,” he sighed, wishing all of them would go to therapy after this. “Now, come inside because Steve needs our… help…”
He took out a blue marker pen and traced a linear line, extending from the upper front of the pubic symphysis to the medial part of the anterior superior iliac spine. A doctor grabbed his marker pen and gave him a surgical blade. Already sanitized and wearing a pair of latex gloves, Whitehall incised through the skin, subcutaneous tissue and the anterior rectus sheath, revealing the inner anatomy of the captain’s body.
“You sure you can handle it? Because I found new ways to spice up our experience.” Steve looked at him skeptically. “Don’t give me that look. You weren’t around and I had to do something.”
"You don't have the fucking rights to do it," Tony said, starting to sob. "He was doing his job to protect me and all of us,"
From what he just mastered, Whitehall deduced that Captain America had astonishing survivability, even if surgery was performed on him without any anaesthetic or the removal of some vital organs such as kidneys, the liver, pancreas and skin; he would still live unless the heart was removed.
Then, Nat handed him an envelope that was slightly soaked from the pouring rain. She gave Tony a weak smile and walked away.
He did manage to convince Steve that their relationship would be a good example and Captain America was the perfect pioneer to do so. Steve contradicted his statement and said Iron Man was the most ideal role model, and they continued this debate before shifting the conversation on the bed. In the end, Steve decided to debunk their romance tabloid stories together and here they are now, except that his husband was in the hands of HYDRA.
"Hello, who's in there?" And then he heard a baseball bat dropped to the floor, letting out a small creak.
"I'm sorry, Tony and I love you," Steve said, waiting for a reply but heard a dead line on the other end.
“So, I experimented on her; planned dozens of hypotheses and failed. Until one day I ultimately decided to cut her open and harvested her blood and organs, just to find the right DNA code about the woman’s gifts. As they always say, discovery requires experimentation.” That sentence gave him the creeps. Something terrible was definitely on his way to ruin him. “In the end, my research came to a favourable outcome. Her DNA is now in my veins, and I cheated death. In fact, my whole body regressed to my middle-aged self and it has been the same until now.”
"I am afraid I can't allow you to do that, Stark," he replied calmly. "The death of Steve Rogers should not be mourned by everyone in the world. He is a war criminal that doesn't deserve anyone's respect,"
“Great. When this mission ends, I’m going to mop my hangar.” Tony groaned, looking at the circular-burnt pattern on the floor caused by Thor’s teleportation medium.
Tony landed on the ground and tapped his newly designed arc reactor. In an instant, his suit wrinkled and moved towards the artificial heart.
“That’s enough information we can get.” Tony stated, immediately rushing to his holographic screen and tapped in the given data. “I think I can put together the pieces of the puzzle. And. There.” He pointed out to the map of the abandoned bank and confirmed the presence of a Quinjet there. Steve was definitely held hostage there, and he had to go to that place before it’s too late.
Beneath the note was a golden ring, engraved with both of their names' initials and a special phrase to describe their relationship. Tony smiled broadly at the ring and wore it in his left ring finger.
He reached out to the microphone in front of him that connects to the operating room and brought it closer to his mouth. The HYDRA scientist announced that he would begin the surgery in thirty minutes and requested the other surgeons to keep the super-soldier sedated for half an hour. They nodded and immediately inject another dose of sedative, enough to put him under for a short period.
He felt being cheated and there were many people who have betrayed his trust. But in this case, he kept holding onto Steve instead of throwing him out of the picture. He still had a little faith in him. It's just... bewildering. Why do he have to go and make things so complicated? He reflected on Steve and let out a small laugh.
“Yeah,” he took out his handgun from his back pocket, locking its barrel in position. “Don’t give up just yet. Steve is still in there, breathing. He might’ve been sedated and we have a chance to wake him up.”
His thoughts were interrupted when Tony barged into his room, inviting him for their daily dinner schedule with the team. Steve beamed a smile at him.
His close friends also came to visit his husband and checked up on Tony, including Sam who was asked by Pepper to come along. Happy gifted a chocolate box for Steve, Rhodey and Sam talked about the HYDRA infiltration and Steve’s kidnapping while Pepper sat next to him, giving him two cups of coffee.
The super soldier rushed towards Thanos, attempting to beat him. He smiled at Tony while holding off the alien's large fist-
“Barnes.” She said coldly, her green eyes giving out a deadly gaze while her gun still pointing at the Winter Soldier.
Suddenly, his brief happiness and drowsiness was interrupted by a familiar sound. It was the flip phone's ringtone. Steve was trying to reach him. His hopes skyrocketed in his mind, wanting to hear Steve's voice again.
He was marching towards Tony with a 'stabbing-you-in-the-eye' face when suddenly the rogue Avengers led by Steve Rogers, came out of nowhere.
As they were on track, Tony couldn’t help but take note of the base’s archaic design and maze-like layout, which was slightly impressive considering it’s underground. Which comes to the question: was HYDRA been around the community since the Medieval ages?
“Follow us to our lab.” Bruce invited Bucky, waving his hand to the elevator. Tony followed them not behind.
Sometimes, he wondered about the odds if he asked Tony on a date. Failure will most likely to take place since the said billionaire was in a relationship with Pepper Potts, the CEO of Stark Industries and one of Tony’s closest friends. He thought that the only way for Tony to notice him more was to level up to everyone’s expectations: being the perfect Captain America he ever was.
From this moment onward, they are officially lovers and Steve has never been so happy in his life. A never-ending life to live together with a partner. Guess his previous thought was wrong after all; everyone really does deserve a happy ending, even if it takes the rest of someone’s life to figure it out.
Spending two years hiding from the world gave him time to ponder, to reflect on himself that he was just as helpless and useless as he was before the serum. Being Captain America wasn’t his strong suit and forte after all. He couldn’t be the national icon for everyone. He couldn’t be the perfect man for Tony. The man deserved someone better than him; a caring, honest and trustworthy partner, i.e. Pepper.
“You all right there?” The footsteps came closer, accompanied by a metal arm emerging from his left side.
Denial and anger rushed into his mind, causing him to throw an empty mug at the holographic screen, signaling his A.I. to turn off the live broadcast. The shattered pieces were scattered around the lab.
A bunch of noes came out brokenly out of his mouth and he ran towards the table, intertwining his fingers with Steve’s as he examined the surgical site. His right kidney was gone and there was a tiny puncture in an artery. Did the dead doctor torture him simultaneously with the operation? This was downright callous and his blood started to boil.
“As I said, it’s a long story,” Steve hummed, eager to know how they met. “Enough talking about them. Let’s talk about us.”
"I'm fine, Peter and thank you for helping me, through... all of this," He gestured his hands towards him.
The remaining Avengers, including Rocket Raccoon, were still searching for Thanos and his whereabouts. They have to find the Infinity Stones before the mad titan strikes again.
The red dot stopped moving instantaneously at a restaurant in SoHo. Tony noticed it and started to panic, but his mind reassured him that the soldier was fine. He probably wants to drink a cup of tea there, he thought. He sat by his working table and waited for the red dot to move again.
"There have been sightings of four weird aliens near Camden Market, two males and two females, according to some insiders," she put into words. "They call themselves the Black Order.
“I am a spy, remember? Plus, we were young and dumb back then. He had to go on an involuntary mission and we parted ways.” Tony noticed the same frown she had displayed during their conversation a few minutes ago, regarding Bucky Barnes as the Winter Soldier. Were the both of them related in some other way or he misinterpreted her? He couldn’t tell the-
“I’m not your fucking lab rat!” Steve growled, trying to snap the metal straps with maximum force. “You won’t get away with this, Whitehall!”
Steve was his everything. If his husband turned out to be dead or his body was nowhere to be found, he might go feral. One year of marriage wasn’t enough for him to move on.
Both of them chuckled. They knew Steve would freak out and waddle all day with guilt and dejection. It’s just a Steve-thing-to-do and Tony loved him for that.
“You don’t want to know,” Bruce brushed aside the soldier’s question and scrolled through his tablet.
As he was about to leave the headquarters, a limousine drove into the compound. The car parked in front of the standing Tony and the window was winding down to reveal a man. Thaddeus Ross. What the hell is he doing here? He thought.
No, no. He straight away remembered Whitehall and his crazy plans involving him. Steve remembered being sedated a few times since he got here; he lost count. His mind became fuzzy at the moment – probably the reason he dreamt a beautiful dream.
He snuggled down in Steve’s arms while Steve stole a kiss on Tony’s ruffled hair. “You’re so beautiful like this. But it will more perfect if you actually get a well-deserved rest. When was the last time you took a real nap?” Of course he fucking knows. Steve could face a million problems in this world and still would know that he was not resting.
“Tony!” He plants another kiss on Tony’s right cheek, causing the genius to blush. Both of them laugh at that particular memory and lay down on the bed. Steve desires this domesticity with Tony and he is determined to achieve it. Now is the moment of truth. “Would you like to go on a date with me?”
“I recall being pinned down by the falling debris above me. He helped me out. There were some fragments I remember being in a position to attack him with his face battered.” Tony’s blood was boiling, but he tried to remain calm. “I remember pulling him from drowning and ran away. Hiding from the world because all of my memories – before the war and serving as a HYDRA assassin – came all at once. It hurts.”
I will always forgive you Tony even when you channeled your rage towards me because I love you so much. I'm just hoping you will forgive me for my sins, for my mistakes towards you. For betraying you... I'm sorry Tony for everything.
“Thanks, Thor.” He smiled sadly and set foot in the Quinjet, taking a seat at the co-pilot’s chair. He then examined all the flight systems and panels, as the engineer he is.
His thoughts were interrupted by a shouting Rhodey who unexpectedly entered his lab. The War Machine was screaming happily about his finally functioning legs during a test run a few minutes earlier. Rhodey then noticed his best friend was still in his state of grief, so he approached him.
“I’ve got a plan to sneak in the building,” the Winter Soldier spoke suddenly of his plan beside him, causing Tony to flinch in shock.
Bruce explained about Bucky’s condition and the temporary neural-inhibiter diluent to the spy twins. Both of them nodded, swore to never let Bucky out of their sights.
He thought he was about to lose his mind with all the shit happening at the same time. Handling them was proven not to be in Steve’s dictionary.
They stopped in their tracks as Bucky mentioned the room was ahead of them along the now-narrow corridor. Steve was in the room, lying on an operating table motionless with a surgical drape covered over him. A tall guy in scrubs – possibly a doctor – had his back facing the room entrance and from his point of view, Tony saw the man picking up a surgical blade from a surgical trolley. What?
The saying did reminded Tony about his boyfriend (ex maybe?) but Steve was the one who lost him. So, it wasn't Tony's fault in their relationship. He needed to let it go.
Clint coughed slightly to gain everyone’s attention. “Nat, care to explain?” His face really displayed raw confusion and Tony agreed. He was also confused with this vague situation between Barnes and Nat. He could only assume the time she was in Iran, he was there too. Probably they dated until Barnes’ programming was activated.
Tony just gave a plate of deals to him, which was in fact terrifying for Steve; how could he guarantee they would survive an expedition back to the past and retrieve the most powerful cosmic entities scattered across time? If they failed, would Tony be even furious at him? He had no choice but to trust Tony’s newest invention and accept to his terms. For him, it was a chance to rekindle their friendship and bond. A bond that had been through multiple sticks and stones.
“Turns out, the answer to the problem is right in front of me.” The scientist grinned, already risen to head towards another door of the room. “I have been studying the super-soldier serum formula for years and it is the only recipe to stabilize multiple Inhuman DNAs simultaneously. Don’t you worry about your pretty face, I only need all of your organs for my future projects. A syringe of your blood isn’t enough to accomplish my vision.”
Peter placed his hand on his mentor's left shoulder to pat him. Tony felt relieved and continued to watch the news.
Fuck, it’s his fault. Steve might be praying he would rescue him in a nick of time but instead, his prayers were ignored and he was on that table, waiting for his retribution.
“Since when did you care about Barnes?” Nat asked Clint, who was wearing a black sleeveless, turtleneck vest with a tinge of purple as his new outfit.
“Don’t just stand there. Hop in!” Happy called out with his hand signing inwards and Tony went straight into the vehicle in a hurry.
“I’m sorry.” Soon after he said it, Tony punched Bucky in his teeth, causing the super-soldier to crash on the floor. Bruce, who witnessed the scuffle in front of him, continued on finishing the diluent before a major brawl might happen in front of him.
“Okay, fine. And stop with those pretty eyes of yours. You’re making me want to do things,” he kissed his husband’s cheek and his lips trailed to Steve’s, pursuing another smooching session. “So,” he spoke in between the kisses. “where do you want to go?”
Tony walked towards his nanotech suit and began his test drive outside the Avengers Compound. It was what Tony wanted the suit to be; perfect and flawless. His moves were more agile and flexible, all of the ray beams were top-notched and his network connections were wider. Gliding in the air was as smooth as ever since before.
Why was he stuttering? And how did his eyes water suddenly? He missed Steve a lot. That’s all. Nothing to worry about except for a tear rolling down his cheek. Obviously, he longed for the captain because Steve was his anchor, and he was Steve’s anchor.
“Back at the tower, all of us place some bets on when will one of you confesses to the other; Thor and I gave you two a month, Clint said in three years while Nat smiled, saying and I quote, “These two idiots won’t confess until one of them dies.” Guess she was right all along.”
Tony was frustrated. How did HYDRA manage to get away easily and undetectable by one of the advanced machines he had ever created? He always thought the red-and-eight-legged-octopus-logo organization would be quite behind in technology.
The atmosphere around them changed its mood from blue skies to rain. They missed Nat as much as they missed Tony. She became the integral part of the Avengers and their best friend.
“Where the fuck is Steve? Where is he?!” He shouted. Clint and Bruce surrounded the super-soldier, anger written on their faces. Nat stood behind them, watching Bucky getting confined by the team.
He slept just as he ended his call with Steve until something happened mentally in his head after catching a six-hour nap. Tony woke up abruptly, rubbing both of his eyes to brush off the nightmare. However, it felt like a vision. A real premonition, just like during the Ultron days. He couldn't get it off his mind.
Blood vessels that were unassociated to the renal part of the body were clamped with a few hand retractors. The retractors were also used to keep the incision site wide open for him to carry on with the operation.
She sat on the tiled floor next to him and lent Tony her handkerchief to wipe away his tears. He was reluctant at first, but he accepted her offer. “Pep.” His voice started shaking. “He- he's gone. I don’t know what I’d do if he’s gone forever.”
“Stand down, Barnes,” Tony ordered. Even though he wanted to shake this man off for endangering Steve, he’s impressed with the man’s skills to sneak into the tower, unnoticed by JARVIS and the security cameras.
Whitehall raised his eyebrows in irritation and shot the doctor at the heart. He repeatedly pulled the trigger, lashing out his rage on this man. After a dozen of shots, the doctor – having multiple holes on his body – laid unmoving on the floor, blood pooling around his corpse.
“Just spit it out, Rogers. I know you have been dying to say it.” A Cheshire cat smile appears on the genius’ face. Does this mean…
He couldn’t imagine the unfathomable torture his husband was going through the moment Steve was kidnapped. If he figured out this place much sooner, Steve wouldn’t have to endure such pain by these HYDRA scums.
The small sized room was simple, less furnished and looked old-school. The billionaire wandered around the room, searching for any clues or hints, or maybe Steve's flip phone. It was like finding a needle in a haystack. The lights were glowing dimly and Tony had to rely on the light source radiating from his arc reactor.
As he arrived, Pepper was already waiting for him, murmuring about Tony stalling her dinner time. They walked towards the genius' lab while Tony clarified everything to her. She nodded and turned on the holographic screen to do some research. After a few minutes, she informed Tony on what she had found out.
The scientist couldn’t finish his sentence as he heard a loud bang piercing through his ears and felt a throbbing pain on his torso. He looked down at his chest and noticed two red stains spreading across his blue scrubs. His head was spinning while his eyes lose control of his surroundings.
“He needs me, and I need him,” he said, maintaining his focus on Steve. “I can’t let him wake up without me by his side. He’s been through a lot… and we promised to be there for each other.”
Steve grabs the man’s cheeks and bring his lips close to Tony’s, sealing the distance between them. He feels like falling from cloud nine. The taste of Tony’s lips is luxurious and tender and he craves for more. Is this pretend? Tony must have felt the same way because he is also passionately kissing the soldier with love and lust.
He saw Bucky’s eyes wandered around the lab, feeling anxious. Then, his eyes met the soldier’s shades of light-blue and he saw fear. The fear to face everyone. Tony couldn’t imagine if his whole life was programmed to kill hundreds of innocent people and walk away barefaced, only for the plan of action to fail and brought back memories of those who have been slaughtered. He could only give some emotional support for Bucky to forgive himself, which could take a long time.
When Steve volunteered to wash the dishes, one by one the Avengers said their wishes and walked towards their respective floors, leaving him and Tony alone as the genius also volunteered to help him. This was his chance to confess and reveal his undying feelings to Tony.
As he was contemplating on that matter, Happy had arrived with his limousine and honked, causing Tony to startle.
I'm sorry, Tony but I have to go now. Sam said that an alien named Thanos has come to London after the arrival of the Black Order. Please protect the other Infinity Stones for the sake of the Earth, because I failed protecting my part. I felt like I'm a failure since I know that I have failed you.
“We have a shot at getting these stones, but I gotta tell you my priorities: Bring back what we lost? I hope, yes. Keep what I got? I have to, at all costs. And maybe not die trying will be nice.”
Whitehall appeared on the far side of the table wearing a full set of blue-coloured scrubs, grinning like the devil himself. “Had a good dream just now?” He laughed and held a pair of surgical scissors in his grip. Steve wanted to hurl so badly because they were treating him like a lab rat.
Whitehall smiled widely, couldn’t keep back his happiness and joy. He was over the moon when he had found out Captain America was fished from the sea and showed functioning life signs. The day of the discovery was the day a brilliant spark of the idea came into his mind. HYDRA will reign again, just like the old days; only this time, there were Inhumans among them.
He asked Sharon about Steve's location and she immediately gave it away to Tony, giving sympathy to the man - Steve and the rest of the rogue Avengers were in London. Tony thanked her for the information and rushed out of the apartment.
Someone handed him an air displacement pipette to remove the excess blood. He dipped the tip into the blood puddle and pulled the piston, causing the blood to fill up the apparatus. After three rounds of this process, the incision site became relatively clear from the liquid.
“I didn’t kill him,” Bucky called out from behind. “Tash only gave me tranquillizers as my bullets so that my mind won’t be triggered to HYDRA mode again.”
Faint sobs were heard from the other end of the call. For Steve, it must’ve been great news as his childhood best friend was still alive after all these years. Tony assured his husband that everything would be fine and promised to bring back the brainwashed Bucky from the trenches of HYDRA. Maybe he should start digging some info on the infamous Manchurian Candidate of HYDRA.
“Friend Tony, don’t worry about us,” Thor pitched in and he heard shrieks of pain from the goons. “We can handle this.”
His vision might betray him at the moment, but Tony knew what he had witnessed as he entered the operation room. Bucky set foot in the room and he too was shocked by the current situation they were facing: Steve had been cut open at his lower abdomen, meaning that HYDRA had performed the surgery on him.
“Sounds like a deal.” Both of them stick out their hand to shake in the negotiation. He tried to control his nervousness from reaching his hand and maintained a firm smile. They were never this profound since Sokovia. His eyes wandered from their handshakes to the other man’s brown eyes – one of the reasons he fell in love with him and was glad to see the same gaze he first saw after Iron Man saved New York from catastrophe. Too bad the feeling wasn’t mutual. And that’s fine.
"I'm sorry, Tony for everything you have been going through," he started to speak and massaged the man's shoulders.
Then, a pair of arms wrapped around his front. It was Clint. He hugged him tightly with his head hung low. “For the love of God, please don’t cry in front of me, Stark.”
“You just have to drink the solution.” Bucky made way to Bruce’s lab desk, his eyes focused on the blue-coloured liquid in a measuring cylinder. “It will immediately detect some of your brain’s neuron cells that are once disordered by HYDRA and suppress those memories – in the form of electrical signals – from reaching the synaptic terminals.”
After he finished his sentence, Steve was instantly injected with the syringe. The effects of the fluid kicked in within seconds: he couldn’t feel his fingers, feeling light-headed and his body became weaker and weaker with every attempt of movement. He tried to fiddle with his wedding ring, but he couldn’t feel the polished surface of the ring. His vision went blurry caused by the tears forming in his eyes. He was not going to break his promise with Tony on going through everything together. This will not be his ending.
“My body will heal itself eventually, you know.” Steve gave him a reassuring smile – he didn’t want Tony to worry too much about him because Tony had done so much for him. “I will be out of this bed in no time.”
Turns out, he guessed correctly. They did meet there in the first place and shared common experiences: getting their heads messed up often in a long period. Both of them dated for six months before Barnes went back to Winter Soldier mode. He doesn’t remember their relationship until now, but she did, this whole time.
One of the board members turned on the broadcasting television and, in an instant, contrast headlines popped up on the screen. Oh.
Pepper had secretly got in contact with Nat to avoid Ross from detecting their location. She informed the super spy to bring the captain's body to New York for his secret funeral.
Tony flew back to the compound. He needed to know the details of Steve's expedition in London. The flying Iron Man requested FRIDAY to call Pepper and asked her to meet him at the headquarters.
“Ghosts in Midgard are only an image of your mind; no such need to fret about getting spooked,” Thor chimed in.
"Babe, please come back to me," Tony said with a little hope in him. "I know we had a rough fight before, b-but I'm here now. I-I will always love you and I can't fathom myself if you are gone,"
Barnes put on a sad look as he gazed at Nat. From the looks of it, the both of them were trading worried glances and psychic messages from their facial expressions.
“How about we go for another honeymoon?” Tony saw Steve’s eyes lit in excitement. “I’m suggesting… the Maldives.”
The doctor entered the room, showing his watch to Tony that he was running out of time to speak with Steve.
I know that this will be a rough time for you because now that I'm gone. It's so excruciating to see you low, and I wanted to be there for you but after leaving you broken on the inside and outside made me think twice.
He and Bruce immediately put on a new set of scrubs and masks while the others decided to stay in the observatory room, not interfering with their two geniuses. They said their encouraging wishes and left the room.
“Let’s go,” he said to Bucky while charging up his repulsors. “They’re gonna divert their attention for us to find Steve quickly.”
"I hacked into the London street cameras and saw Steve and the rest are heading to that place just seconds ago," Pepper ended her talk.
Sedated? No. He must get out of here. Steve watched Whitehall leisurely exiting the room before looking back at him. “No need for worries, Captain Rogers. Consider this your contribution to the specialization of DNA spectrum.”
“As your boyfriend? Without a doubt, yes!” They resume smooching while Tony has slipped his hand on Steve’s buckle, halting their kiss. He gives a longing and craving gaze at Steve. “But before that, I think we both know we deserve this.”
Supposedly, after this mission in London, I wanted to return to you, apologise a lot to you and might propose to you. But, now that I'm gone, it was just a mindless dreaming.
That deduction alone was good enough to continue the operation, by starting with the extraction of one of the captain’s kidneys. He didn’t care if his conclusion proved him wrong during the procedure, he just wanted to get his hands on every serum-enhanced biological structure of the soldier in the name of discovery. Even if the soldier died during the surgery, it doesn’t matter since it would be more convenient to take out his organs. Whitehall only kept him alive because he preferred fresh and functional organs although both results would still grant his wishes. He was one step closer to be the most powerful human being in the world. All that’s left was to harvest, experiment and triumph.
“You talk too much, Captain. Schmidt used to mention that you were always chatty with your patriotism.” He chuckled, reminiscing about working with the Red Skull. He then motioned one of the surgeons to step closer to his board. There was a syringe filled with some sort of liquid in the surgeon’s hand. “Alas, I have some work to do. Please make sure he is completely sedated and regularly check his body vitals. We need him in good shape.”
Bucky and Sam came along, giving way for the cloud of sadness to fade away. Both of them hugged him and wished the soldier good luck on returning the Infinity Stones.
No. Now was not the time to be haunted by all of the ‘what-ifs’. What matters is to bring Steve back into his arms. To bring him home.
“Yup.” He says enthusiastically. How is Tony the most mistreated person he ever met that has to be so kind and forgiving, considering Steve had made a lot of mistakes towards him? Tony Stark really does have a heart since the beginning of his journey.
Hearing the news not only gave him waves of worry, if truth be told, but he was also on the verge to distance himself from everyone.
“Yeah, I heard you have someone named Betty.” Tony joked while his eyes kept focusing on the screen. He didn’t have to guess on what would Bruce react because he knew the guy was too shy to talk about her as their relationship was always private. And as he predicted, Bruce’s face went crimson red and covered his blush.
A few hours more and he would unlock the secret to his immortality and soon gain new gifts. Maybe Captain America had its own uses to HYDRA after all. He might have to buy a poster of the soldier to remember his act of service. Besides, a major discovery does require experimentation.
“Some of us aren’t mythical gods,” the archer complained. “Go fetch Cap before I run out of arrows.”
His husband pecked him on his forehead. Having Steve reassuring him about his condition definitely soothed his nerves, although he knew his husband is a self-healing super-soldier. They’re gonna be all right.
Two months after the Battle of New York, he moved in to the Avengers Tower along with his other teammates. Looking at it now, he slowly started to appreciate the tower’s architecture, designed by Tony himself. The complexity, the structure and the layout of the tower blew his mind away. He often regretted shaming the tower whenever he was enjoying the view from his floor or the rooftop, feeling like an ungrateful person towards Tony who gave the Avengers a home.
Reflecting on his choices and thoughts, he had made his solid conclusion. Even though they had their rough moments, Tony always felt like home with the super soldier. Memories like these were bittersweet for the both of them to improve and love each other.
“You can thank us after we save Steve.” He said, longing to be in Steve’s arms since his disappearance for the past twenty-four hours.
He wanted to turn back time, to cherish those moments, never wasting any second with Steve. It was just a wishful thinking. His mind became a hope-making generator.
“Oh, it’s nothing.” Steve gulped, figuring out a topic to steer off from his original plan. As he expected, Tony would always prioritize Pepper than himself. “Clint, Nat and I wanted you to join us in playing darts.”
Thankfully, with the help of Nebula, a cyborg who accompanied Tony in space and claimed to be an adopted child of Thanos, the team could pinpoint the exact location of him. Pepper decided that Tony would stay behind as he was still light-headed after coming back from outer space. It was fine for Steve. This would be the last time he could see Tony. The man made it very clear that he didn’t want to see him. Steve respected his decision; Tony never loved him anyway since the Chitauri invasion. He vowed that after confronting and fighting Thanos, he made sure to never be in Tony’s sights ever again.
He should try and hurry up with the operation because he knew their base’s defences wouldn’t last long when the Avengers have a god and a Hulk on their side. However, fretting about them would cost more of his time, so he must focus on his revolutionary vision.
Tony scoffed with a mocking salute. “Hey, can I call you Bucky?” The man nodded. “Okay, Buck-O, I know you want to come with us to redeem yourself, but your brain is still attached to your brainwashing programme. You know the risks and I can’t let you do that because I’m sure Steve and Nat won’t allow that. Let me and Bruce help you with that brain of yours.”
Great, his mission failed, so he stared at the elevator with defeat. He started to think that maybe he didn’t prepare and embrace himself for this situation although he obviously knew the outcome of this plan. How was he the Captain America when he couldn’t thoroughly lay out a perfect plan to score a date? Was he beginning to lose his professionalism? Or was he incapable with the four-letter word?
“Maybe that’s enough storytelling for the night,” Tony cleared the air and walked forward to the decaying wooden gate. He spotted the abandoned bank the far opposite from the cemetery and road junction.
The words that came out from Captain Rogers’ mouth a while ago caught his attention. He muttered a name, asking the said name for help and to rescue him like a damsel in distress.
A genuine smile came out from Bucky’s lips. This would be the soldier’s first step in finding redemption.
He stared at the man who was walking in circles around him with his hands behind his back. “Please, do call me Daniel Whitehall. We are in a new era, so we have to change with the times, including me.”
Steve brushed his husband’s dark hair softly, breathing in Tony’s natural scent that smelled like home. And his home was indeed the man hugging him. They were admiring the beauty of their surroundings. For him, this was a moment he would cherish for the rest of his life.
"Yeah, me too. Stay safe f-for me, okay?" Steve said. "And please get some rest because you really need it after a long night in the lab,"
“Don’t push it, Tin Can.” Bruce and Thor were the last to buckle up at their respective seats. Nat notified the whole team about their current mission using the jet’s comms.
The doctor stood up and wore a blue scrub given by the man who jolted him. He flashed a sinister smile and ordered the people in scrubs to prepare for the operation. What operation?
And it was also Tony's birthday. Ever since they met, Steve would never forget Tony's special day. He remembered the times when Steve would give him a wonderful birthday present for him and organized a party for him. All of his friends and teammates would be there to celebrate his birthday. Steve always promised a special treat for him after the celebration which made Tony loved him even more.
“Never expect you to give me the pep-talk, Robocop.” Tony laughed, sending a ‘thank-you’ look to Bucky who took a seat behind the redhead. He felt reassured and confident after listening to Bucky’s so-called speech. Fretting a lot about his husband could cause more damage control to himself, and probably to Steve.
Speaking of location, he should have a discussion with his teammates. He also hoped that they would help him find Steve, even when the probability to pinpoint the exact location of Steve would have zero margins.
His vision was foggy. The last thing he remembered was being saved by someone from drowning and his body went limp from the drop. He too remembered feeling glad and elated after convincing Bucky to recall his past, despite there was a slim chance that he would break free from his brainwashing.
"You have an appointment with your mentee Peter Parker in an hour, so make sure to get ready," she informed her long-life business partner.
“Breaking news! Captain America was last spotted on the fallen Helicarrier and seemingly his body fell into the Potomac River. We haven’t yet discovered the Captain’s body, so stay tuned for more updates.”
Tony nodded and they were back to work. However, he doubted Peter's words. The lingering question caught his attention. Was it his fault?
Then, FRIDAY detected an unknown noise in the lab. He flew with maximum velocity heading towards his lab, worrying about an intruder or an explosion. He wasn't sure about it since the A.I. couldn't recognize the sound.
