“No need. You’ve got a good eye for an injury,” Gregson said and John felt himself flush with surprised pleasure. He had always taken care to learn all he could about tending to the horses when they were sick or lame, but hadn’t realized Gregson had noticed.
Sherlock immediately looked curious. “Everything?”
“You did something though,” John said, pinning him in place with his stare. “Come on, spill. I’m your wingman, remember?”
“Bloody hell, how did I miss another one?” Roz said.
“For the moment,” Sebastian answered. The dark-haired young man next to him gave a sudden, high-pitched titter that made John’s neck crawl.
“Completely. I sent someone to buy flowers on two occasions, that’s all—someone new, absolutely no known association with me.”
Next morning the ankle was swollen and a gratifyingly ugly shade of purple. Sherlock admired it for a minute before ignoring the pain to cram it into his hiking boot.
“What was that.”
“I’ll lock up then.” John checked the street doors, then locked the doors leading to the lounge and kitchen, then the windows for good measure. He’d sleep on the sofa.
John looked back and in that instant he knew. The knowledge sparked between them like electricity, like magnets, a connection neither of them needed to put into words.
Sherlock slid down lower, curled his legs under him, and settled his head on John’s shoulder. “If they aren’t gone in an hour, I’ll create a diversion and we’ll go out the window.”
Sherlock stood with his hands in his pockets, staring down at the body with no expression on his face.
, and he had never realized until now. Mycroft brought him another cup without a word and he drank this one more slowly, savoring the sweetness of it.
was thinking, telling himself that Sherlock needed him to hold his hand through his first sexual encounter? Sherlock was an adult. And if there was one thing he was quite capable of, it was walking out of a situation he didn’t like. Time to face facts. All this time he’d never made a move, assuming Sherlock simply wouldn’t be interested, and now he was interested—in somebody else. He was jealous, pure and simple. And he needed to get over it right now, or he had no right to call himself Sherlock’s friend.
“Brother Peets, darling! It has been so long. You are well?” Fitzwilliams fluttered his lashes, clearly proud of his own tact in not glancing at the flat front of Sherlock’s robes. He fancied himself a sort of role model to the ancilli, and had hosted Sherlock at an interminable tea the previous autumn.
got Sherlock’s attention. He’s known Sebastian was gay from the outset, of course, although he thought John would be pleased with how he’d avoided mentioning it. Sebastian was clearly in the closet. He had assumed Moran was the sort of man who simply had to assert his top-dog status over anyone who seemed like any sort of challenge, but perhaps Sherlock had overlooked something. Sebastian Moran, it seemed, might just be interesting.
For the first time in a long time Sherlock thought about the list he had been keeping back at Baker Street, the things of which he was certain. He liked chemistry and music, ice cream sundaes and cake. He liked sex. He liked extremes of sensation: the icy shock of the fjord, the utter silence of the desert, the wind in his face on the open road, the ache in his muscles after a hard run. Soft sheets and hot showers. Cases and the exhilaration of deduction. What he had told Michael had been true: he was who he was meant to be, Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only consulting detective; but he was also more. A brother, a son, a friend, a godfather. And one day, perhaps, he would have a partner of his own. He understood now that it had never been sex that alarmed him. Sherlock had tried, all his life, not to love, because to love was to risk, and yet love and loss and pain had found him anyway. The last question, asked and answered: he could fall in love, and someone could love him back. Not Michael, but because of Michael, he now knew that he could.
Mycroft dropped the banter and got to the point. “Do you remember the media magnate who was murdered last fall?”
a crime scene,” he said between gulps. “Go on, I’ll be right there.”
“Not him, he’s biased.” John pulled out his phone. “I’m calling Lestrade.”
Sherlock had no such difficulty. “You’ve the necessary contacts?”
“I suppose,” Sherlock said. He pulled his knees up, staring out into space. “You’re going out.”
“Yes.”
“Where is it?”
Margolis shook his head. “My wife died eight years ago. There’s my sister Anna, but I’ve talked to her already and she hasn’t heard from Emily either.”
“Well, that—“ John began and then Sherlock was on him, all feverish hands and hot breath and soft lips, crowding John back. Arousal shot through John like an electric shock—adrenaline alchemized into lust—and he grabbed Sherlock by the back of the head, pulling him down into a bruising kiss. Sherlock immediately yielded, his mouth opening to John’s, body going pliant even as he pressed John into the wall, sliding down a little to bring their mouths in line. John sucked at his lower lip and slid his tongue in forcefully, seeking that shocked-wanting sound Sherlock made when they kissed like this, when John took his mouth with such fierce possession, and
Sherlock let his mind drift. They seemed to be going through a sort of roll call of the local militia leaders. He heard nothing that seemed suited to his admittedly unique talents, although Morag and John briefly discussed setting up field hospitals for the wounded. Then his attention was caught by the word “lighthouse”.
By the time they got in the cab Sherlock was in such a towering temper that John didn’t even bother suggesting dinner. He was just glad Sherlock hadn’t kicked him out of the cab, and hoped he wouldn’t offend the cabdriver so much they wouldn’t
Sherlock scowled. “Absolutely not. What if they sing it badly?” He licked jam off a spoon and leaned over to replace papers in his satchel. When he straightened back up, his face had gone serious. “I should have said earlier. I’m very sorry about your loss. Your wife and daughter.”
Sherlock glanced at the Commander before dropping his gaze meekly to the floor. The Commander was in a foul temper, and it was easy enough to deduce why: five days in the company of alphas keen on proving their prowess at activities for which he had no talent or interest—hunting, shooting, cards—had left him with a chip on his shoulder the size of Big Ben and a heightened sensitivity to any perceived threat to his status. In this case, Sherlock.
“How on earth are you going to manage?” John said, amused.
“Mrs. Hudson,” John repeated again. “Our
“No,” Sherlock repeated. He set his empty glass on the sideboard without meeting any of their eyes. “I’m sorry. No.”
“We won’t be having toast anyway,” Sherlock informed him when John objected to this. “I’ll be making steel-cut oatmeal.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open—he looked, for an instant, honestly shocked—but then he closed his eyes again and reached down. “Oh,” he breathed, arching his back and biting his lip again, and John encouraged him: “There you go, love, you’re so gorgeous like that, I could come just from watching you, go on,” and Sherlock quickened his stroke, panting.
“Quite.” Lord Mycroft tapped his stick meditatively then rose. “I will not keep you from your rest any longer, John. However, if I may...Sherlock’s departure has already been delayed some days, as he is refusing to quit the house until he is assured by his own eyes that you are recovering. If you feel that you are able to see him tomorrow morning…”
“Tell us about Miss Kelly,” McGinty said. His tone was of only mild encouragement, but Sherlock could tell he’d caught the importance of her words as well.
“That’s what I want to do, right.”
breathing,” Sherlock hadn’t been. He could just barely see John in the dark but he was as acutely aware of every inch of him as if John had been bathed in floodlights. “I….”
Sherlock couldn’t imagine that the value of a football player could trump that of a work of art, even a work of art that romanticized a relatively common if picturesque geographic formation, but he knew saying so would just make John go sanctimonious about
“Clever you,” Callie murmured, “no need to stop that way.” She was heavy and drowsy and John pushed back from her a little, trying to get a little cool air between their sticky bodies. He felt exhausted and empty. Why did people think this was worth it? All that work for such a brief burst of pleasure.
When John opened his eyes he was dry-mouthed and queasy, but at least he was warm and his arm no longer hurt.
back out,
Sherlock’s hips bucked involuntarily. John let go of the dressing gown and shoved down his own bottoms and pants, which was an exquisite relief. He leaned forward and gathered their cocks together, stroking them both with his hand. Sherlock made a choked sound—“oh”—and his lashes fluttered. John loosened his grip on Sherlock’s wrists, took one of his hands, and brought it down to clasp John’s. Then he reached into the pocket of Sherlock’s dressing gown and pulled out the tube of antibiotic ointment. He drizzled what felt like half the tube over their joined hands, the salve already warm and half melted from Sherlock’s body heat, and tossed the tube aside. Sherlock made that choked, wanting noise again and gripped John’s shoulder as John slid their slick palms down and up, setting up a slow, steady rhythm. John was already ridiculously close; it felt like the purest of pure pleasure lighting up all his nerve endings and with the feel of Sherlock’s hand clutching his shoulder, his breath quickening in John’s ear…Sherlock’s knees were quivering harder: John thought he was barely staying upright even with John’s weight pressing him into the wall. John felt the heat coil in his balls and his hand moved faster, harder.
Sherlock and Lily regarded each other. She stared at him intently for a minute, then suddenly broke into a dazzling toothless smile that made her look exactly like John. Sherlock couldn’t help smiling back. Lily did not look much like the baby in his mind palace—she was completely bald, and her eyes were John’s—but she was adorable in the way that all five-month-old babies are, and she liked him. He had made all this possible: this happy little family, the warm garden. The thought comforted him deeply.
John learned that treatment of torture victims generally proceeded through three stages. The first goal was to establish a place or a feeling of safety; the second to remember and process traumatic events. Only then could Sherlock move on to the third stage, reconnection. John had thought he understood from his own PTSD experience, but realized quickly that Sherlock’s adjustment to his old life was going to be a long, long process.  Learning that Sherlock would not be returning to Baker Street after he finished his inpatient treatment was a blow, but John understood, and he was undeterred. John was waiting for Sherlock. He would wait as long as it took.
“I turned up,” Sherlock said. He felt like banging his head on the wall. “Why didn’t you just
She took the stairs two at a time, hands shaking as she pulled the burner phone from its hiding place and punched in the number she knew so well. “Jezebel?”
Sherlock raised a supercilious eyebrow. “I dare say I can work them out.”
would be the greater sin, to make a mockery of marriage--”
“Yep.” John kept his back turned as he worked, turning only to carry the plate to the table. Stopping just out of Sherlock’s reach, he said, “What the hell is that?”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to him, wide and startled, and then quickly away. Was he bashful? Nervous? Second thoughts? John was too tired to wonder. “I will,” Sherlock said. “You go on. I’ll be there in a bit.”
“Oh, what is it? Has something happened with Sherlock?” She pushed herself up on her elbows, concerned.
and they had a somewhat testy exchange before Lestrade agreed to ring him if something came up. And something did: within a week Lestrade arrived at 221b completely flummoxed by a case involving a dead man and some weird ink, which Sherlock identified from the photos on Lestrade’s phone as the type used by counterfeiters. Lestrade ended by solving the murder and busting the counterfeit ring, and Sherlock was back in business.
Sherlock closed his eyes, fighting for breath. He opened them again, focusing on John with what looked like a heroic effort. “I’m sorry,” he managed finally. “I’m so sorry, John, I--”
“Why was his Lordship called to London anyway?” Ned asked.
“Well, yeah, but—I mean, I’m actually bi, so—oh shit, I sound a right prat.” John mentally shook himself. “Sorry. See, my sister is gay, full stop, and she’s been an unstable mess most of her life. And Sherlock, well, you can imagine. So I’m bi, and most of my flings with men have been wild crazy unstable things, while most of my relationships with women have been really stable and kind of boring. I think I always assumed that when I settled down and became a real grown up, you know, stable and boring, it would be with a girl. But instead I went and fell for Sherlock hook, line, sinker and boat, even though I reckoned that meant a lifetime of, well, wild unstable craziness. Probably a short lifetime, truthfully. But here you are, and yet you have a normal stable life with, with cats.”
“Well? Would you?”
“All right? Need more morphine?”
“Possibly Mycroft never told them,” Sherlock said fairly. His mouth twitched again. “What about Mycroft?”
John nodded, his face calm. “I remember.”
“All right there, mate?” Rowan asked, infuriatingly upbeat.
“Evening, love,” she said brightly and slid into the bed. Things did not go so smoothly this time. John’s sudden awakening and disappointment left him a good deal less eager, and Callie’s matter-of-fact efficiency just seemed irritating. He tried desperately to remember how he had felt before, at the end, and of course that brought back the memory of the dream again, the warm wet water and the slithering body--he abruptly pushed Callie onto her side and pulled her back flush against him, gripping her hips and grinding into her backside. Better. Callie, getting nothing out of this position, wriggled and reached down until John’s prick slipped between her legs, tightened her thighs and breathed, “Oooh, all right.”
“I bought an identical memory stick as soon as I left his flat. I took it to a contact of mine—she keeps late hours, fortunately—who knows computers and owes me a favor. She corrupted it with a virus, so that it would look as though the original had been damaged, and I kept it with me.”
“Yeah, okay, I’ll text her now. And Holmes, if you let her get into any trouble…”
“Oh God no. Nobody wants that,” Sherlock said and that set them both off again.
“Well, apparently not,” John said. “So this is a really excellent opportunity for you both to show off and to get off this sofa, where you’ve been for three days and which is beginning to take on a permanent indentation in the shape of your arse. I’m worried you’ll get blood clots.”
you win. But I get this one. I’m going to stick that plug back in when I’ve finished and when the match is done I’m coming right back here and having you again—“
“Call it,” he said finally, and heard everyone exhale, relief and regret mingled. “Time of death 5:52 AM.”
But as the days went by, no response from Irene arrived. However, one did come from Mr. Brocklehurst.
thinking about what he was not thinking about.
“Then get him down here,” Sherlock snarled.
They sat in silence for a minute, drinking their cooling coffee.
“Well, there you are then,” Sherlock said. He had assumed the blank, bored expression he usually wore around Mycroft, the one he probably thought gave nothing away. “I covet a lab, you covet large breasts. I don’t see the difference.”
“My God,” John said, clearly catching on. Sherlock could hear him fumbling out his phone. Silence for a few moments as the car hummed along, and then John said in a tone of mingled relief and disappointment, “Nothing. There’s stories about tonight’s telly front and center, can’t be any real news out there. So I suppose that means…something coming up, isn’t it? A warning?”
a bloody mess, which of course was Sherlock’s favorite sort, and it tied them up for days, and then right on the heels of that came the Amateur Mendicant Society case and then the Bishopgate jewel case, and all in all things were steady and busy for a good few weeks.
John moved up so he could brush his lips over Sherlock’s hard cock. They had never done this before—he’d moved that way once, early on, and Sherlock had gone rigid with anxiety—but Sherlock was calm now, as quiet and peaceful as the grey mist. He trusts me, John thought, and felt a surge of fierce protectiveness. He took Sherlock in his mouth and suckled gently and Sherlock gasped, fingers digging into the bedclothes beneath him.
Sherlock closed his eyes automatically, reaching to brush his fingers over the trees. He had learnt Braille long ago as a child, in the brief glorious period that he was old enough for Mycroft to play with him before Mycroft went away to school.
“Tea.”
Sherlock found John in his Mind Palace in the room he had set up for him, a room that looked just as the lounge at 221B had when John had been living there. The fire was crackling, and John looked over his newspaper at Sherlock as Sherlock perched on the edge of his own chair. “So.”
“Can you,” he said wearily and then just lay the rest of the way down on the floor.
Sherlock frowned through the crack. “I thought the New Confederacy was the most dedicated to…what did they call it again? Not the Restoration, something odd.”
In the kitchen Sherlock filled the kettle—that horrid Taylor Swift song was running through his head now; could he possibly pack Hobbes off to school in mid term? He turned around and almost dropped the kettle. John was standing in the doorway of the kitchen.
“Nadia,” the girl said timidly, still with her knuckles pressed to her mouth.
By the time the guests began arriving a week later, John was too busy to worry about Sherlock. The arrivals kept the grooms running from dawn until well past dusk, and then they were busy arranging for riding horses and leading parties out into the countryside, finding sidesaddles, adjusting stirrups, and running themselves ragged trying to keep everything shiny and polished enough to satisfy Mr. Gregson. John fell into bed each night so exhausted he barely spared a thought for Sherlock. Ned had been sent to fetch the doctor the day after all the guests arrived, so John could only assume Sherlock had carried out his plan--he didn’t hear any gossip from the house one way or the other. The two younger daughters of the rich industrialist did ride out one day, accompanied by their governess and Old Tom, and on John’s brief acquaintance seemed to be monstrously silly. The other grooms did not share this view.
“Oh God no.” John got to his feet and took Sherlock’s hand to pull him up. “I feel I’ve only just got you; I don’t want to share you just yet.”
Sherlock came to a hedgerow and slowed, aware suddenly of how exhausted he was. He’d done nothing more strenuous for months but stroll in the garden and the unaccustomed exertion, coming on top of his recent heat, was taking a toll. His feet, too, were killing him, the too-tight shoes sending knifelike stabs of pain through his toes at every step. Sherlock followed the hedgerow for a bit until he came to a large stone, where he sat down and took off his shoes. His socks were still wet, so he took those off and wrung them out as best he could; his toes and heels were blistered. Then he took the jackknife and cut the leather toes off the shoes.
Sherlock disconnected without answering. He smoked the third cigarette. Then, feeling slightly queasy, he sat down in the little chair and pulled his coat tightly around himself, prepared to get advice from John in the only way left to him.
When Sherlock woke up in the hospital, again, alone, again, with the dullness of morphine lying over him like a smothering blanket,
Lestrade went pink. “Oh, no. No no no no no. I’m not even properly divorced. From now on, I’m following in the footsteps of the great Sherlock Holmes: married to my work. You should try it,” he added to John.
Sherlock, whose thoughts had begun to creep back to the explosion, turned toward her with relief. “The Reichstag fire. When the registry first started and the wiser omegas were leaving the country—“
“And you expect me to believe that? I know what you lot are like. Spreading your legs for every alpha in sniffing distance, it’s all you think about, isn’t it?”
Then Sherlock would fail him, somehow, as he always failed everyone, as he always failed himself, and in the end John would leave again. And that would be even worse.
“What did you wear?”
Sherlock sighed. “I’ve been sent to Coventry. Or the doghouse, I don’t know. John’s cut me off until I clean up. Last straw, won’t watch me destroy myself, never again, probably a lot more I didn’t bother listening to but the point is I’m on my own until John’s satisfied I’ve given it up for good.”
But he was only a few pages in before the bell went downstairs. Sherlock ignored it the first two times, but Mrs. Hudson must be out: the third time whoever was on the other end leaned on it for a full ten seconds.
...were they up to something? Surely he was overreacting.
he could not resist writing at the end.
after shooting an unarmed man. Until such time as you resolve this matter and we can use it to facilitate a pardon, you must keep a profile so low as to be invisible”) that he entirely missed hearing the bell and, as usual, Mrs. Hudson had to answer it.
“Yes, so I just said,” Sherlock snapped.
“Of course. Thank you, Mrs. Turner.” Not good enough; she’d wait to tell the Commander until too late, he’d put it off to the next day and then forget all about it. “Perhaps if you are at leisure when you have finished the draperies, we might take a stroll in the park?”
Lestrade echoed.
John slid his hand around and wrapped it around Sherlock’s long slender prick, which was satisfyingly rigid. Sherlock followed suit and John groaned: “Oh God, yes. Do it. Come on, now, like this…”
“What’s
Sherlock said tentatively, “It’s all right, really, it worked out for the best—“ and John whirled on him, almost shouting, “
Sherlock’s smile was thin and brief. “Threw it in the stream.”
They stuck around for the raid—partly because it was fun, partly because the police couldn’t get even a Russian interpreter there on such short notice—but in the end Sherlock wasn’t needed. When the girls were herded out, tearful and frightened, it was Yulia and Ruslana who calmed them. The girls were followed by the men and the Ukrainians, at which point Yulia launched into a screaming, spittle-flying tirade that soon had all the girls shrieking and spitting. Sherlock grinned.
The next time Sherlock woke in darkness, with a shock of unease: something was off. He frowned, straining his eyes until he made out the shape of the chair by the window. It was empty. That was wrong; someone should have been with him at all times until he was fully recovered. Perhaps the maid had just stepped out to the toilet? Sherlock glanced at the door just in time to see a looming figure turn away from it, tucking the keys into his pocket. Nicholls.
“Hey. Sweetheart, hey, it’s all right,” John said soothingly. He pulled another blanket up over Sherlock’s shivering body and stroked his hair. “We’ll be at the hospital in twenty minutes. Listen, Sherlock, I’m going to give you a little morphine, okay? Your heart rate’s through the roof.”
Michael Christopher Phillip Bruce III was the bully at Eton who tormented Sherlock in "The Blue-Eyed Stranger"
“I’m just glad we’re about finished with this,” John said under his breath, as the cab made a turn.
“That cake looks like it’s going to be amazing,” Molly said enviously as she nibbled her scone. “Maybe Irene will smuggle me home a piece.”
“Shut up,” Mycroft said in irritation.
John turned and almost collided with Sherlock, who was standing directly behind him with a complex mixture of hope and anxiety on his face. “Yes?” he asked.
Sherlock looked up hopefully. “Raspberry?”
“I c-c-ouldn’t open the d-d-oor,” Sherlock managed. He was shaking so hard John could barely make out the words. “I think I’m f-f-rozen.”
“Congratulations on your engagement, Detective Sergeant,” he said, settling into his chair.
“Yeah, she didn’t go very far. Donovan didn’t really understand at that point either, and she hasn’t wanted to say much about it, but sounds like things aren’t good at home. I gather the kid, Maya, her mum’s been working evenings and mum’s boyfriend’s a bit of a bad lot, and Maya doesn’t really like being there, especially on the weekends after he’s been round the pub. I got most of that from Mrs. Hudson, actually. Seems the kid’s been spending a lot of nights in her spare room. But Friday night Mrs. Hudson was out, so when you sent her packing Maya decided to wait for her. She went down the street, turned the corner in case you were watching, bought some sweets, and then came back round the alley and let herself in the back. I suppose Mrs. Hudson’d given her a key.”
They settled themselves in their semicircle, shifting a little and self-conscious in his presence, and then a stillness descended as they all focused at once. The first violin lifted her bow, and they began to play.
Callie seemed just the same as always whenever they saw each other in passing, always a cheerful smile and a word, and John would have been content enough going on as they were. But then one night in March Callie went to town with some of the others on her night off, had several drinks bought her by a man who was then forcibly reminded of his wife at home, and apparently decided that John would make an excellent substitute.
“But if Malcolm didn’t care about the whole Slender Man thing, why get involved in the kidnapping?” Lestrade asked. Sherlock looked out the window and didn’t answer.
“Hey,” Michael said tenderly. He had knelt up and was leaning over and Sherlock blinked up at him, dazed. Michael leaned over to kiss him and Sherlock opened his mouth instinctively, melting into liquid shivers beneath him, although the residual taste of latex made his nose wrinkle a bit. Every part of his body was still quivering with little aftershocks of pleasure.
John looked around but saw no sign of Sherlock.
John found himself biting back a smile. His former wife’s moral code, like Sherlock’s, was highly specific: she wouldn’t have saved the man who tried to double-cross her, but she would have shot him in the head rather than let him suffer a lingering death.
Abulleyev stood up, pulling his chair away, and for half a second Sherlock thought he was simply going to walk out. Then the table was jerked roughly from beneath his arms and he fell forward onto the floor, hitting the concrete hard and hearing his own high, desperate cry through the red haze of pain. One of the men put a foot on his back, pinning him, and Abdulleyev said again, “Who in the police? Just one name.”
“Is that what you want? You want that rich man with his fine clothes and his mustachios and his fancy ways?” He pulled Sherlock’s head down and took his mouth in a hard, plunging kiss, running his tongue possessively over Sherlock’s teeth. Sherlock clutched at him, his hands skittering over John’s back and arms as though unable to settle where they should go. John wrapped his arm around his waist and crushed Sherlock against him as he kissed him again. Sherlock’s knees were trembling and John braced him against the wall to run his mouth over his throat.
Sherlock straightened, ignoring her. “She was in the kitchen,” he said. “Early afternoon, but she was drinking coffee, because it was morning for her. She’d worked until seven AM and then come home and slept for a few hours. The doorbell rings. She looks out the window, sees the white van, sees a man, probably a uniform, a clipboard, she opens the door.” He opened it. “And the man says, ‘We have your cot.’”
Sherlock couldn’t help crooking her a half smile, even though it hurt his face. The fact that Mycroft paid Mrs. Hudson to keep an eye on Sherlock was no secret between them; she deducted it from his rent.
“Yeah.”
It had been a long journey, much of it rockier than the path under John’s feet. The first month after Sherlock’s surgery had been particularly horrible; if John had a mind palace, he would have consigned the memory to the dungeon next to the hospital in Germany. There were still times even now when Sherlock had trouble breathing in crowds or on trains. He had not gone to the dedication of the memorial in Regent’s Park last autumn, and that had broken John’s heart a little: all those people falling silent, moved to tears by his music. Even Mummy. Even
“You can be sure I asked. He said there wasn’t a delivery scheduled before today and coming early would have been suspicious; besides, he had to make his plans. As for the other...he came back for you, of course.” Pip was almost successful at hiding the wry sadness in his words.
“Right. Is there any possible way?”
Just lie still, okay? Don’t try to move. Simon said he called for help.”
John looked up. “Sorry?”
…” And at Lestrade’s bewildered silence, “A Russian puppet government was installed yesterday. Don’t you read the news?”
“Sweetheart…”
we going north?”
“I’m going to call Judge Harris’ clerk and give them a heads up,” Ryan said, standing and pulling out her phone. She paced out to the hallway. Sherlock sympathized; he felt rather like pacing himself.
“Perhaps when you marry, you may find rest more easily,” the shepherd suggested.
Just when Sherlock was starting to get discouraged at his slow progress the cast on his arm came off, and that meant he could play his violin. The forearm fracture had been relatively uncomplicated and Sherlock was happily surprised to find that it worked almost as well as before. Almost. “I need physiotherapy for my arm,” he demanded.
The next few days were miserably awkward. John felt uncomfortable whenever he was around either Sherlock or Teddy, made worse by the conviction that Sherlock would work out what John had done. He spent a lot of nights lying awake, mentally apologizing to Teddy, saying something like
“I’m not—it’s just, where I live, there’s no cleaners,” Hobbes said, twisting the end of a frizzed-out plait around her finger. “There’s launderettes.”
John shrugged. “That’s my job, right? You’re the brains and I’m the muscle.”
“Of course he will. It’s Lady Mandeville leading the class, just make sure to work that in at the beginning.” Lady Mandeville’s bondmate was extremely high up in the government. “She might take offense if you drop out.”
“Do I have to go with him?” John asked, horrified.
“Are you upstairs?”
For the first time John realized that Sherlock was in one of his beloved disguises, a workingman’s jacket and patched breeches. “Did you at least leave a note?”
He was lucky, that time. He didn’t make it back.
better. Sherlock frowned at his reflection in Molly’s guest toilet: lank, unshaven, three day old clothes…there was nothing for it, he was going to have to go home and assess the damage.
Sherlock had never much fancied lying on a beach when the option was available to him, but now the thought of lying next to John anywhere there wasn’t a door between them sounded like a fine idea. He thought of stretching out in a T-shirt and swimming trunks and was furious at the bolt of anxiety that went through him at the idea of being out in public without his robes.
“What,
“I’m sorry I’m a bit early,” the girl on the doorstep said. She beamed up at John as though John had saved her from an oncoming train, rather than opened the door on a sunny day. “I came on my lunch break, you know, and you’re closer to the station than I’d thought.”
Tuesday she wasn’t there.
“It doesn’t
?” Mary shot back.
“John!” The voice was Simon’s. John could hear the door shaking, but he knew it would never give: the door was six inches thick, bolted with that heavy iron bolt. “I’ve called the police, Neil! Just put the gun down and everything will be okay!”
Sherlock opened his eyes obediently and looked into Moran’s darkened ones. “I see your eyes—they’re hazel, your pupils are dilated, the light is dim, you’re aroused, you want me. You shaved this morning but not again before the concert, you weren’t planning on pulling anyone. Your skin tans easily, you don’t freckle in the sun, you try to remember to use sunscreen in sunny climates but you’re careless and you always miss your temples. You keep your own hair very short but you like longer hair.  It excites you to restrain me, it excites you to pull my hair, you didn’t mention my hair earlier but you looked at it, you wanted to—ohhhh.”
Everyone turned to look at him. “Christmas, Sherlock?” Roz said. “You remember, the reason for all those lights displays you hate so much?”
Sherlock grinned widely. This was excellent; he’d been resigned to the possibility that his email to Donovan might reach its quarry too late, arriving anticlimactically after Aimee Lister had already turned herself in. He copied the email he’d had ready into his reply and sent it off. Then he pulled up Regal Florist.
John woke up to bright daylight streaming through his window where the moonlight had spilled the night before. For a moment he couldn’t remember why he was so happy, and then then memory came back in a flood: the kissing, the sex, Sherlock. He stretched and rolled to his side, smiling.
The day was overcast and soppily humid, the ubiquitous Christmas decorations incongruous in the warm weather. Roz turned on the radio and Sherlock promptly turned it off.
about the subject that John would probably spend the rest of the night in his room, angry in turn.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, sitting forward. “Mr. Rhodes, can you recall where Deana Clark’s daughter was on the night of Levon Singleton’s death?” He felt McGinty startle slightly beside him but Aronsen didn’t move a muscle, which raised her in his estimation.
” Sherlock said. “Classic pathogen. I was meticulous with new needles, but not meticulous enough with cleaning my skin, it would seem.” He felt his mouth twist ruefully. “I learned later that most drug abusers leave hospital in the first week so they can shoot up through the central line. Thank God I wasn’t that far gone; the thought never even occurred to me. I stopped after that. Mostly.”
Halfway up the stairs he stopped, pausing to mop at his eyes, which had begun streaming uncontrollably. Which was why he was still within earshot when Mycroft, clearly believing him to have gone all the way to his room, said in a low icy whisper, “And what if he gave Sherlock AIDS? Have you thought of that?”
“Only if it looks out onto your beehives…Maybe I’ll learn to bake bread. For the honey.”
until John.”
The door flew open and Sherlock flinched back, startled, but John caught him by the left arm and drew him in, shutting the door behind him. “Come on in! I saw you getting out of the cab.” There was no shock or revulsion in John’s eyes—perhaps Mycroft had sent pictures—and his smile was huge and open and delighted, the one he had given Sherlock back when Sherlock was
“Ohhh.” Juliet’s face suddenly lightened. The smile she turned on him was fond and a little indulgent. “I think it might not be that bad, actually.”
Sherlock disconnected and called Mycroft back. He was starting to think he should carry two phones; then he could talk to both of them at the same time.  “Well?”
this, John realized. “We have come to rally the militias.”
then he was coming, crying out in short staccato gasps with every spurt. Michael groaned too, apparently aroused even further by bringing Sherlock to orgasm, and just as it became too much he let go of Sherlock and reached for his own leaking cock. Sherlock, still shuddering, reached too—a bit clumsily, but Michael didn’t seem to mind—and began to pump his fist. Sherlock had his forehead pressed to the junction of Michael’s neck and shoulder and part of his mind couldn’t help cataloging:
Dr. Sawyer did not look embarrassed. “I’ll be honest with you. There’s not a lot of data on this, but we’re beginning to think that if the first mating partner doesn’t achieve a knot, the heat is much more likely to fail. Some sort of biological defense mechanism to prevent children with an unwanted partner, perhaps.”
“I’m going to tell him you said that,” Donovan said. “I know the only reason he’s doing it is because he’s so bloody competitive, so that should keep him going a bit longer.”
. I mean, I knew about his face and his arm but it’s like—he’s like a ghost of himself, like he’s just pretending to be Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock shaved with care and dressed himself immaculately in his best dark suit, even putting on a tie and shining his shoes. When he had finished it was still dark, so he sat down in his chair and waited. Mrs. Hudson came up a few hours later with tea, wearing her own dark dress and with her eyes red-rimmed and sad. She fussed around a bit, but Sherlock tuned her out. About half an hour before they were due to leave Sherlock heard the sound of his doorbell.  He would have ignored it—he certainly wasn’t meeting with a client right now—but Mrs. Hudson’s low heels went tapping down the front hall, and a moment later Lestrade appeared in the doorway. Sherlock just looked at him.
after orgasm. Of course this thought made his surging climax start to recede, but just as he was on the verge of pulling out Sherlock suddenly caught him around the neck with his half-wiped hand, pulled down his head, and licked his ear. “
Sherlock carried on gazing out the window. “I’ve been seeing a therapist.” Not that this would be news to Mycroft. “She’s been helping me to remember, about Musgrave Manor. About Eurus. And I think I remember now, I have almost all the pieces, and yet they don’t quite fit together. I want you to help me make sense of it.” The house came into view, somehow even more depressing and blackened in the daylight, and Sherlock added, “And I want you to help me find my old room. I can’t seem to picture it.”
Sherlock’s eyes drifted closed. “And then I’m going to tear all your clothes off and—“
“I saw her toes at the beginning, when they had her on the warming table. I didn’t pay it much mind. As I said, it’s benign, and I knew it wouldn’t fuss Mary that she wasn’t perfect. I didn’t think about it again until today when we went home. I’d taken care of the baby whilst we were in hospital, the nappies and all that, but when we got home Mary said she wanted changing and about time she took a hand, so…and then she saw.”
“You’re doing him a favor with this story, you know,” Meg said. “Bloody—“ She was trying to lace Nicholl’s shoe with it still on his foot, but she stopped and yanked it off. “That should go faster. I mean, he might get off.”
Mycroft hadn’t promised to protect Mary, he’d promised to protect
The next morning was predictably hectic, as Mr. Gregson found his usual fault with the carriage, the harnesses, Ted’s livery, and all of the grooms for being a slow-witted pack of louts, so John and Ned and Davy escaped with the horses as quickly as possible. It was rare for all three of them to be sent out at the same time--long exercise had rather devolved into John’s job--and he was surprised to find he quite enjoyed racing about the cold, stubbled fields with them. It was not as good as riding with Sherlock, but it was fun all the same. They changed horses twice, and returned from their final outing tired but cheerful to find everyone else back from town.
On the anniversary of the accident that had ended John’s old life he took the afternoon off—the first day off he had taken since he started his current job.  It was a beautiful April day, far different from the chill grey he remembered from the previous year. At the cemetery he tidied around the smooth white tombstone, placed the fresh flowers in front, and then just stood for a long moment, remembering.
“Easter holidays,” Molly said, turning back around. Her voice was still shaky, but her chin was up. “We were going to try to get out this summer, from the country. We were going to take you too. So you see…”
“All right,” Sherlock said, smiling. “Maybe I will.” He took a quick breath—he’d planned this, actually practiced saying it out loud in the bloody car, he wasn’t backing out now—and said, “I’ll be back soon. I miss you.”
Mrs. Hudson touched a tentative hand to his shoulder. “Sherlock, dear. What do you need?”
Sherlock looked at himself, feeling slightly disoriented. The two parts did not quite match up. He did not look like a complete human being, not yet: he looked like a mismatched pair of shoes.
“Nobody ever comes here but us,” Sherlock said, which was true, but John was in no mood to take chances.
“She go,” Yulia hissed, tugging at John’s arm. He broke the kiss, feeling utterly stunned, looking at Sherlock’s closed eyes and parted lips still inches from his own. He felt a shocked sense of loss. “Hey! You John! She go!”
“Perhaps I only wished to offer you the compliments of the season.”
John climbed rather slowly to his little room and pulled off his boots in the lingering midsummer twilight. He might as well go to bed, he thought; they had ridden hard that day and his muscles were pleasantly achy. As he thought this he noticed a folded paper on his pillow.
“I haven’t told you everything either,” Sherlock said.
“Of course,” Sherlock said.
It was only when he was back in his own kitchen filling the kettle that it occurred to Sherlock that he hadn’t heard Jim Moriarty’s voice once.
The truth was that Sherlock could have returned to St. Bart’s days ago. He was completely recovered, but Dr. Woodcourt was distracted enough with the dysentery epidemic to take John’s word that he was still sick, and he remained happily ensconced in John’s busy ward on the second floor. Irene was still there too, although unlike Sherlock she belonged there: she had not even advanced to sitting up in a chair yet.
Hobbes shrugged. “It’s catch as catch can, when it’s just her boyfriend and the little ones. I can find something when I get home.”
Sherlock pulled off his cloak, folded it neatly, and set it in front of him on the ground. He heard the others following suit and knew they all shared the same thought: at least the pile of clothes might keep the alphas from coming too close.
stay? In England. Surely you could have left.”
“Yes. Shit.” Mycroft said sourly. “I half suspect him of going mad on purpose just to make Sherlock’s life more difficult.”
Now that he’d agreed to do it—
“Which raises the question of whose relative
“And who was he paying off?”
What was John babbling about? He was
“Got it right here, thanks,” Donovan said.
“I know, love, I’m sorry,” John said as Sherlock made a miserable noise, trying to burrow under the covers without actually moving. “We need to get these drops in your ear and you need to drink something. Just budge over a bit.” He finally managed to maneuver Sherlock to his other side and said, “Here, hold this ice in your mouth while I get the drops. Good. Now hold still.” He tipped the tiny bottle, replaced the cap, and realized that Sherlock had dozed off again. The ice had slid right out of his mouth.
“Any chance of a hot coffee anywhere?” he asked without much hope. He still felt cold.
“I guess you do know. Can we just skip to the part where you tell me where he is now?”
“Hello there, beautiful,” he said as he slid in. “Waiting for someone?”
She shrugged. “It happens. But I loved that girl, just so you know. Jayla.”
For a few minutes they just stayed like that, Sherlock tense and silent in the window and John feigning a calm patience he did not feel, and then Sherlock spun around and stomped over to his violin case. John winced. Sure enough, the sound that emerged when Sherlock set bow to strings sounded less like a melody—even an angry one—than like a cat getting its tail pulled out. Time for plan B! John beat a hasty retreat to the kitchen to make tea.
“Of course not. Not once I got the dates, and saw she’d supposedly died two days after my request. A little too convenient, don’t you think? I had the trail now, I wasn’t going to let go. I told my bosses that I couldn’t cope with being back, that I wanted to take some time off and go to be with Rehan’s family, see if I couldn’t get some meaning in my life looking after them. That was a crock of shit but they fell for it; I wasn’t any good at work anymore anyway. I had five years of back pay and nobody to give a fuck, so I came here.”
“I’ll get your coat,” John said, sliding off the sofa and letting Sherlock's limp head fall with a thump onto the cushion. “It’s just in the bedroom.” When he handed over Molly’s coat he realized that Lestrade was standing directly under the mistletoe that Mrs. Hudson had hung in the kitchen doorway and so, having had rather a lot to drink himself, grabbed him about the waist and gave him a resounding smack on the lips. He groped his arse for good measure.
There was a certain comfort in being clean and dry in his softest pyjamas and dressing gown. When he came back out in the sitting room Mrs. Hudson had left the fire going and bowl of soup with a plate over to keep it warm. Sherlock was grateful for the fire. He didn’t let himself think about the times when it was John who warmed him, fed him, covered him with a blanket if he fell asleep.
“Stephen?” John called. Sherlock glanced up, said something to Tank, and then jerked his arm free and hurried toward John. John looked back and saw the little gang laughing in a way that, somehow, he did not like at all.
Sherlock dared to look, but it was not
“Yes.” Sherlock’s voice was full of amazement and gratitude that John had worked this out.
This is how it happens, John would think later: one minute you are sitting in Lestrade’s office talking about wedding presents for Donovan when the door opens and a young officer says “Sir,” and Lestrade steps out, and you are taking out your phone thinking maybe you should reschedule that haircut for this afternoon when the door opens again, and it’s Anthea, and just like that the world as you know it shatters into a thousand brittle shards.
“So what does this have to do with Sherlock?’ John asked carefully.
Greaves lifted the bottle to the lantern light and studied it. His eyebrows went up at the label, but he said only, “And considerably harder to sell, I’d say. Not really my market, this stuff.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said quietly. “I didn’t—I didn’t want you to see it, but I want you to know everything there is to know, no more secrets. I did crop it though. I thought it might help.”
“Well, doesn’t sound like you’ll be needing me then,” John said, digging into the bag to pull out his rice.
“Going to smoke that?”
“Right,” Sherlock said, scrambling to his feet with the precious books in his arms.
“Oh, come on, Eff, we shouldn’t either,” Tilly said. She passed Sherlock a fork and then poured him a generous tumbler of wine. Sherlock took a bite of cake and closed his eyes for a moment in pure bliss. “Good, innit?” Tilly said, grinning.
“He’s only paying attention because it’s expected. The boy’s safe enough.”
“First things first. Tell me what happened at the Houses of Parliament.”
Ryan looked up as they were going out and said, “Hey—I liked your black tacks.”
The kitchen took longer than he expected, because they apparently no longer had any clean bowls. This was not even directly Sherlock’s fault, as none of them were currently being used to house any type of experiment that John could see; they were just all piled up in the sink. So the blame was probably equal, since they both tended to let the dirty dishes accumulate in a silent sort of chicken game until one of them snapped or needed a dish; and actually Sherlock probably even had the edge there, since John had a knack of timing things so that he was working at the surgery when the clean ones ran out. This wouldn’t bother Sherlock, of course—he just wouldn’t eat—but Mrs. Hudson usually turned up and chivvied him into washing up. John actually couldn’t remember the last time he’d taken a turn. And he was the one who had taken to eating cereal lately since all that eggs and toast were starting to go to his middle. In fact, every single bowl in the heap was probably John’s.
“I’m taking Molly to meet Ciaran Heaney. Clara found him in a lab someplace. He’s an utter nerd, does some kind of nasty urogenital research, so no one wants to hear him talk about his job either. I think they’ll get on like a house on fire.”
John swallowed, swallowed again. Finally he sat down and took Sherlock’s gloved hand in his. “Okay,” he said. “Talk me through it.”
“Well, let’s see in a bit,” John said. “These horses have earned a bit of a rest and I wouldn’t mind one myself. I’m going to take them around the other side where the bank slopes down and let them drink, and then find a good spot to tie them out. I’ll fetch you when I’m done, if you like?”
The Belfast lot hijacked a transport en route from Uzbekistan to Liverpool bearing an extremely valuable payload of pure opium, and Herr Sigerson sent them a very polite message. Surely there had been a mistake? Certainly Mr. Moriarty, in the spirit of friendship and peace, would rectify this misunderstanding? Moriarty (or more likely one of his lieutenants in Belfast) sent a far less polite reply suggesting where Herr Sigerson could stick his friendship and peace, so Sigerson wiped them out. In actuality this consisted of Mycroft sending a handpicked team to take Moriarty’s men into custody before blowing up the warehouse, but of course they made it look as though everyone had died in the explosion.
“Where’s Lestrade?” Sherlock demanded when Donovan answered the phone.
“Not disagreeing with you, but there it is. Anyway Raj at the surgery was telling me he’s going to a conference up in Edinburgh in May. It’s a four-day conference, so it would cover my CME hours, and if I went with Raj we could share a room and keep the costs down.”
John beamed at him, surprised and pleased. “That would be lovely. I’d really like that. In the spring, when you’re fully recovered and they’re nesting.”
didn’t even know that.”
All John saw was a maze of boxes. He got his phone out too, thinking he could at least add some light, and held it up as one of the boxes caught Sherlock’s attention. “Shouldn’t this place have some guards if they’re moving this much product?”
“Can we eat it?”
Sherlock’s phone lit up with a text.
“Get up and move along,” the guard said shortly.
“Looking out for the lost sheep?” John said, smiling. “It’s fine. You have my mobile number, yeah? Just let me know.”
With what, a lighter sentence? Witness protection?”  She smiled without warmth, crossing her arms. “No thanks.”
“None of those babies in that storage unit are that far along,” Ryan said with certainty.
There was a lot more to it than that—years of bitterness, envy, resentment—but Sherlock didn’t care and so he said only, “And you were a coward, you shot him in the back of the head. You had a gun, ergo, you were an Eye. Where’s the gun?”
Sherlock coughed, a horrible thick wracking thing that shook his whole body, and John held him and smoothed his hair until he finally spat a gob of vile green sputum into the basin John held out and sagged limply against his chest. “I knew I should have died,” he moaned.
“Sorry, sir,” the driver said, rolling down the window and peering at him nervously. “Only I’ve brought the doctor to see to the ancillus, see? They told me to park around here.”
“It was true,” Sherlock said quietly. “And I really did spend several weeks at that monastery…although I was undercover, and it didn’t really stick. I’ve never been very good at meditation. That story about being a priest was my friend’s idea; she spread it around because she thought everyone would be put off otherwise.”
; repeat. Every set of three stairs took approximately two and a half minutes, but since he had never climbed an actual staircase he got slower as he went along, until even Mrs. Hudson had the good sense to fall silent. Sherlock was so focused on following his routine and not crumpling in an exhausted heap that he was startled to drag his good leg up and realize he had reached the landing.
“Well, okay. Be careful. I mean, because it’s wet on the roads and dark. And, ah, text me if you have more questions, yeah?’
“I promise. Not a toe out of line. Model prisoner.”
A word about the timeline: when this chapter starts, John is 18 and Sherlock almost 16 (I'm using the end of September for John's birthday and Sherlock's is traditionally held to be January 6).
John could only stare at him, shocked. Sherlock hadn’t even taken off his jumper.
Sherlock stared at her, shocked, and the woman turned huge, calculating blue eyes on him. “Mr. Sherlock Holmes,” she said. “Now what am I going to do with you?”
Dimmock produced a photograph in a plastic sleeve. They all looked, and Lestrade said, “That’s this garden—is that Emma in the pram?”
“Michael Stamford,” the boy said, offering his hand. “You’re quite right, I was at grammar school, but how did—“
thing. Why didn’t you just go back entirely, the way you have to us? Surely if your, ah future self appeared…”
“Most adults are at least somewhat selective with their acceptances, John, although apparently that is not true in your case. Research shows that attractive people are viewed as more likeable, so I generally chose profile pictures accordingly. See if that helps you.”
“Yes,” Gregson said simply.
“Which is fine,” John said hastily. “Whatever he needs, I’m fine with that. It’s just…I don’t feel like this is making him happy. I feel like he thinks he’s doing it for me.”
“You’ve the better handwriting and I’m faster on the database,” Sherlock told her. “So you’ll start there, 17 December, and read out the numbers. Once we’ve identified them you can just mark through any repeats. This is a teenager, a few years older than you but not so clever, so I doubt he’ll have thought to get a burner phone, and there are a lot of texts—but what we’re looking for might be a text, so we have to go through everything.”
of course he could do this. He lowered the beer and licked his lips, wondering fleetingly if he were going too far.
“Oh, he’s fine,” Mummy said. “Do you want to go to the market with us later?”
“Hardly. It’s two in the afternoon.”
“The gun was covered in fingerprints, but they didn’t appear to match anyone who was there. They didn’t match Darnell Rhodes, and they didn’t match Levon Singleton. Deana Clark was ruled out even before her body was found, because she’d been fingerprinted to be a volunteer at her daughter’s school. The prints were run through the database but found no match, which meant they didn’t belong to you or Kelly Lewis; you’d both been arrested before. The only person there whose prints weren’t checked was P.J.”
“Oh, let me guess,” John started.
“At night, but during the day…I couldn’t swear to it, no. We often leave it unlocked during the day, if the maids are cleaning, for example.”
Hobbes collected her bag and departed with clear reluctance, and Sherlock went to the kitchen to put the coffee on. He realized the horrid One Direction song was now running through his head and groaned: he had,
“What?” John couldn’t have been more startled if Sherlock had proposed swimming the rest of the way. Omegas were no longer allowed out unattended in England, and of course none drove.
, let alone the intimate knowledge that would be required to locate the jewels. We need to widen our investigation to their immediate circle.”
They ended up half on the floor, slumped against the wall. John felt as though his ears were ringing.
skin? Surely not.
Sherlock desperately wanted to be at the meeting, but he was not about to give Mycroft the satisfaction of turning him down. Fortunately, Mycroft went on without giving him a chance to lose his resolve. “By the way, I was pleased to hear of your negative test results today. Three weeks sober is quite an accomplishment for you, is it not?”
Moriarty.”
John groaned, nearly frantic: he wanted it too. He knew he couldn’t bond Sherlock outside of heat but that didn’t stop him from craving it, wanting to sink his teeth deep into Sherlock’s neck and keep him tight against him. He pressed his teeth hard against Sherlock’s neck, not biting, just tasting him, feeling Sherlock arch and shudder again. He could feel Sherlock’s cock jerk against his thigh.
When the bundle of clothing arrived Sherlock unfolded the trousers and shirt to find a pair of his pants, a large hole cut out the back. Rowan would think this was funny, Sherlock thought. He tried to find it funny. He couldn’t. He wanted to get back into the shower and stay there until he gradually dissolved down the drain.
“So then it was pretty obvious. And finally I had what I needed: leverage to make you talk. Except I didn’t have it, because it turned out that Holmes was harder to get to than the fucking Queen.” He looked over at Sherlock again. “I came up on the train midweek and took the bus out, but I found out pretty quick that you can’t just turn up at this place and wander around. I don’t know if Church of England types are always this paranoid or if it’s because of you, but I’m guessing it’s you—you were all over the papers before you pulled the vanishing act, and the tabloids here are out of control.”
Mycroft was beginning to get that look on his face, the one John did not like. “Sherlock hasn’t been chosen for anything.”
“What is that, has he fixed it?” Mycroft.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked as though he could read John’s mind. “I’m sure they’re all very discreet,” he said out of the corner of his mouth, “and if our bedroom isn’t private, we’ll take over the guardhouse.”
Gerard greeted them at the door of the suite. “Sherlock! Lovely to meet properly at last. And you must be John!” He shook John’s hand with great enthusiasm.
That should make for an interesting find for the cleaners. The butt plug--having been coated in lube, shoved up Sherlock’s arse, and then rolled across a boys’ changing room floor--was in no very pristine condition, so John wrapped it in his soiled handkerchief and stuck it in Sherlock’s coat pocket.
Davy came rushing out of the stable. “Thank God you’re back,” he panted. “That fat bastard’s brought Circe home lame and Mr. Gregson’s not here, Lord Sherrinford got called back to London of a sudden and he’s taken him to the station.”
“—the police and prosecutors involved are not going to take kindly to having those convictions questioned.”
Sherlock immediately decided that he would write a full orchestral work.
Abulleyev’s attention snapped to him again. “Where is the opium that comes from Afghanistan stored?”
“No.” Sherlock’s voice was flat. “I tried to stop him. I grabbed for the gun, but he was too fast or too strong, and he blew out the side of his face. His jaw, I think. There were teeth.”
Sherlock cried out, muffled--it sounded like there was a hand over his mouth--and then the squinty-eyed lieutenant who had pulled him off the bed abruptly punched John in the solar plexus. It caught him by surprise and he doubled over, trying to catch his breath, and stayed over an extra second while he considered his next move. He had no idea what was going on or why they seemed to want Sherlock, and while he was still weighing his options Squinty punched him again and then caught him from behind in an armlock.
“I knew Sir Willoughby would see them back safely, I didn’t know he was dead,” John said desperately but the Captain had already turned to his men.
“You seem like someone with a feel for the music.” The voice in his ear was pitched to be heard under the noise, so only John could hear it; he could swear he actually felt the vibrations in his toes. “Fancy a dance?’
John frowned in confusion but Sherlock said, “You think Moriarty won’t bother to kill my friends if I’m not around to suffer for it.”
First off, apologies to anyone who got confused by this chapter disappearing this morning--I took it down to rewrite a key section.
There was the sound of the key turning in the lock and then a soft
“Thanks,” John said, taking it as he unzipped his trousers. He slicked himself up and gripped Sherlock’s hip with one hand whilst he lined himself up with the other and then hesitated, the long-held habit of caution warring with his desire to just sink into that stretched wet opening.
“Fun,” Sherlock said as though the word offended him. “Fun.” He glared furiously at Mycroft, who looked calmly back, and flung his left hand in the air. “All right, fine. You’d better get us some decent hiking things. Boots or staves or rucksacks or whatever we need.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Being at Number Ten makes Sir James
Sherlock and Beth rode along in the early summer dawn in a comfortable silence, sharing the bacon rolls and tea. Sherlock considered her covertly from under his cap. Upper class accent and upbringing but she obviously enjoyed farm work; secondary–born, or previously higher class beta? Either way her parents, if not Beth herself, had probably envisioned a very different life for her.
John blinked at him. “All right.”
By the time they arrived back at the abbey the thin spring rain had become a soft white mist, giving the old buildings a spooky, shrouded air. “Here’s the key,” Simon said, handing it to John on the landing. “You know he can’t rest unless he locks the door, but he said he wouldn’t bolt it, so you should be all right. Need a hand with that?”
“Sherlock Holmes, of course, and John Watson. It happened in Switzerland. Sherlock was shot—we’re told it’s not life-threatening, but Mycroft’s on his way now.”
Sherlock was quiet in the cab on the way back. He felt stymied, as though he had been chasing his quarry through a maze only to come up against a glass wall at the end; and yet at the same time the frantic agitation he expected did not materialize. What he felt instead was a sort of fatalistic calm. Looking into Moriarty’s dark eyes had filled him with a strange sense of inevitability: they were always going to end up here sooner or later, the two of them.
“Bit posh, this part of town,” Roz said, following his gaze. “They’re all right though. You’ll see.”
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock scowled furiously. “Caring is
It was almost a relief to crawl into his cot each night, to finally let the weight of sorrow press him down. He had always slept on his back when he was alone before but now he found himself lying on his side, curled around the emptiness, staring into the lonely dark. His cock lay soft and useless between his legs. He hated it.
Sherlock could hear traffic noises, a faint echo to John’s voice: he was on the street, had stepped into a doorway to take Sherlock’s call. “I wrote some music, an adagio, a sort of requiem really. For Mary. I started it before but that version was rubbish and it burnt up in the explosion, so I wrote a new one. I thought, perhaps, someday, if you’d like, I could play it for you. But if you don’t want to hear it that’s fine, I understand. I could copy it out though; Rosie might like to have it someday.”
Sherlock was already switching to maps. He reached out and tapped the screen with one graceful finger. “Right around the corner from the Golden Bean,” he breathed, face filled with a fierce pride that warmed John down to his toes. “Oh, well
“I assume I’m allowed to canter?” Lord Sherlock asked haughtily.
Mary was right. The minute the plane lifted into the air, John felt all the anger and resentment he had been cherishing crumble away like rotten ice, and grief and regret came rushing in. He made it into the back seat of the car where Mary put her arms around him, and then he cried as he had never cried before in his adult life.
“—no, of you, of you too—the gun in your pajamas, I never even saw it, how did you—“
he was a British agent. They wanted information about Mirzayev. He needed something bright and shiny and distracting, something that would not too obviously conflict with whatever they had already gotten from Saidimir. Something too good to resist.
Sherlock went seeking Mrs. Turner in her little office and, finding it empty, went to the kitchen. There he found Cook, complaining over a sad-looking pan of vegetables to one of the kitchen girls, and the guard captain, Nicholls, reading the newspaper with his feet propped on the long table. Sherlock dipped his head and stared covertly at the headlines under cover of his hood: New Zealand, allegedly, had seen the light and followed Australia back into the bosom of the Empire. What would happen next, Sherlock wondered; would the navy head for the Americas now, or would it…
“Oh, Jesus, I’m so sorry,” John said. He straightened, letting go of the table, and reached out one hand to Sherlock almost tentatively, as though Sherlock might swat him away. “I just, I just…I’m so sorry, can I just hold you? Please? Can I, I just want to feel you against me, I just want to touch you, if…”
Footsteps sounded on the stairs; he must have been awakened by the downstairs door closing.  The steps paused in the darkened doorway. “Sherlock?” John’s voice said, quietly.
Summer had ostensibly arrived and classes ended at the cathedral. Lady Smallwood treated her class to tea at the bakeshop, which Sherlock, prudently, skipped; he went shoe shopping with Molly instead. The weather remained bleak and dreary, which suited his mood when the tailor returned for fittings.
him was a delightfully novel pleasure. Plus, John was interesting, game for anything, never tried to control Sherlock unless one counted the occasional demand to clean up his damn mess, and was an excellent shot. In short, he was an enormous asset.
“Do it,” Sherlock said, reckless with lust and frustration. “Put it in me, fuck me right here.”
They all met up at Owen’s office: Lestrade and Donovan, several of Owen’s people, and one of Mycroft’s indistinguishably glossy assistants. Lestrade, forewarned by John, restrained himself to a brief wince, but Donovan took one look at Sherlock and said, “Oh no. That’s just not on. A pop in the mouth, sure, but
Things were finally smoothed over after John was allowed to call Lestrade, although John had a gloomy feeling they’d be regretting that call later. Judging from Sherlock’s sullen expression, he thought so too. They finally got back to Baker Street only to have Mrs. Hudson come out and scold them when Sherlock tracked water all over the stairs.
“John?”
John gave a considering nod. “Might could do.”
. But then a face came into view and it wasn’t Magnussen at all; of course not, Magnussen was dead. It was John.
“Of course not,” Sherlock said, touching John’s elbow and jerking his chin toward the door. “Where do you think it is?”
“Puzzle pieces.”
“Stop,” John agreed dazedly.
“Oh lovely, another diagnosis,” Sherlock interrupted rudely. “Can you put it on some sort of plaque? Mycroft can have a row of school prizes and I can have a row of pathologies.”
“John has his duties with Master Sherlock. You three can draw lots if you like, just be sure you’re on time.”
Henry V, Act 3, Scene 1
“He sounds a right bully,” John said gently. From the way Sherlock was avoiding his gaze, he was sure that Sebastian had done more than just knock him down.
Sherlock was moving about the room stuffing things into John’s satchel. He found the purse and added it, then said, “I’ll tell you once we’re underway. Where’s the extra ammunition for this?”
“It’s definitely a serial killer. And there are more victims.”
Sherlock finally sat up. “Oh, that’s rather clever,” he breathed.
“Yep,” Sherlock said, setting off. “All but a few minor points. On the…” he flapped his hand toward the pitch. “…grass, or in the changing room?”
So Sebastian was already inside. John wondered whether he knew the Earl was back yet. “I’ve got it, sir.”
“It’s finished, Sherlock. We ate it already.”
“All right. Show me the picture.”
At that very moment he heard brisk footsteps and in came the ward sister, face a mix of guilt and satisfaction, a clutch of bottles in her hands. She handed one to Mike and one to John and said, “That’s really the end, so use it sparingly.”
And then the brightness took him.
“That,” Mycroft said, setting down his coffee cup and rising to his feet, “is something you are going to have to see for yourself. Ready?”
Sherlock considered. Deep down, he felt a tiny pang at giving John up again, but then he’d never truly had him in the first place. And this was what he’d wanted all along, wasn’t it? John and Mary, happy and safe.
“Okay,” he said. “Let’s get you up, and some of your NSAIDs at least. And then your ice packs and bed. We can read a bit if you’re not sleepy.” Something in Sherlock’s averted face caught his eye and he said more tentatively, “Or kissing?”
“So what happens now? Where do you go?”
“My friend,” Abdulleyev said, almost kindly. “Look at your arm. It is ruined. But you still have your fingers for now, do you see? You would like to keep your fingers, wouldn’t you? One name, and I will spare your fingers. You can even have the water.”
“That hookup thing, you know…Macey, what’s that hookup app for gay guys?”
John hesitated a little, surprised, and then Sherlock heard him come over and settle on the floor with his back to the bed. “Just for a bit, then. This okay?”
“Jesus,” John said quietly. His hand on Sherlock’s bare shoulder was hot.  “It’s just, I don’t know, it’s just teethmarks, but I can’t even look at it without getting hard.”
“Do you know what he’s been doing?” Mycroft’s voice was rising. “All term? He’s been fetching Sherlock from school and taking him away. For lunch, supposedly. I spoke to the house master this morning.”
Abruptly John could no longer bear to wait any longer. He grabbed the back of Sherlock’s head and pulled him down, but Sherlock resisted, keeping his mouth an inch or two from John’s. “Are you sure you want this?
“No, there’s a lot of weird stuff. And then there’s the stalker…”
“Oh right. Well…” She shook her head suddenly. “You know what? Screw the brunch. If we’re late, we’re late. Sherlock’s more important. And you don’t have to stay over every time, you know.”
“There’s no evidence because someone
Not using his name. “South Downs, near Amberley.”
“Sherlock, we’d best go, they’ve gone out,” Molly said, tugging at his sleeve.
“But what about the children?” Molly asked Henry.
“Listen,” John said, bracing himself. “You haven’t slept in two nights and now we’re going on a third. If these guys do happen to turn up anything, they’ll call us. Let’s go back to the hotel and get some rest and you can look at it fresh in the morning.”
by itself. He clutched at John’s back with his free hand, and gave himself up to it.
Sherlock took out the witness statements and began reading methodically, paying particular attention to Imogen Cooper’s spa-going friends. They’d all been investigated as well, of course, and nothing had turned up, but Sherlock was more interested in what they had to say about the family. When he’d finished he dug through the file until he found a collection of notes he’d only glanced at previously. He read it through twice, steepled his fingers, and stared hard into space for ten minutes. Then he rang Lestrade.
“How?”
Lady Smallwood never looked back.
“All right. It all went as you said…except that he told me that
“I’m sorry,” Tassie Phelps said miserably from where she had surrendered her knife to Lestrade. “I didn’t mean to hurt you. Can I get my bag from the boot? I could get a T shirt or something.”
be pleasant with daffodils and wildflowers in bloom, at least if the fucking wind ever let up.  “I suppose. Hey, how did your Christmas carol go over?”
John, who had just been thinking that at least this couldn’t be as bad as last Christmas, gave her a one-armed hug. “He’ll be back next Christmas,” he said firmly. “And if not, well, we’ll just go to him.”
Lady Smallwood’s house was impressive—a grand Georgian pile with the famous gardens, probably lovely in a month or so but currently looking rather bare and chilly—but another car was pulling away when they pulled up, which did not improve Sherlock’s bad temper. He’d secretly hoped the tea party had been a pretext for getting Sherlock on his own.
“Whazzit?” John asked, sitting up. “Do you need it turned up?”
“Slow, with a twist at--Oh God yes, just like that, that’s perfect, oh God oh God don’t stop--” John was peripherally aware that he was babbling but the slide of Sherlock’s fist over him was incredible, so much better than rutting in their nightshirts had been. He was already so aroused from touching Sherlock that it took an embarrassingly short time for him to bury his teeth in Sherlock’s arm and explode pulsing over his hand. “Jesus,” he gasped at last, turning his face up so Sherlock could kiss over every bit he could reach. “You win, you’re the cleverest thing that ever lived, and you’re all mine, God I love you.”
“Retribution, for when you attacked the shipment coming from China.”
and, thank God, he had work. Sherlock ran his hands through his hair, deliberately shoving the memory of everything that had transpired in the last hour to the back of his mind, and strode over to his desk.
Lestrade said. “What are you bothering with that for? I thought that was down to Moriarty.”
“I’ll leave you to it,” the housekeeper said to Lady Smallwood, rising to her feet. “Thirty minutes?”
“Come upstairs,” Sherlock said curtly. He led the way up. Wiggins flopped onto the sofa as he had previously, leaving Sherlock to sit in his chair and regard him unblinkingly for a long moment.
He didn’t get it. They had taken only a few bites when Amy Malinowski came over, an expression on her face that made John stop chewing immediately.
“I suppose,” Jones said reluctantly. “Well, we’ve nothing on tomorrow but paperwork so I suppose you can be spared. No larking about now.”
“I can see why you left.”
Lord Sherlock looked taken aback. “Of course.”
John bit back a curse and almost lost his balance, throwing one arm out to brace against the wall. This was nothing like Sherlock’s usual blow job technique, which was delicate, thorough, and exquisitely slow. This was Sherlock taking him down to the root and sucking for all he was worth, fast and filthy and furious. John grabbed for his head with his free hand, meaning to caress but somehow fisting his hand in his hair instead, and Sherlock moaned his approval and bobbed faster. John looked down at him and saw his eyes were closed. In the dim glow of the distant bonfire his face looked soft and terribly young, like a skinny kid in his jeans and hoody, and suddenly John realized this must have been what he looked like when he used to buy drugs here. He knew he hadn’t—Sherlock had never--Sherlock had told him he’d never traded his body like this, and somehow that seemed to make it okay, that the fact it had never really happened made it all right for John to fantasize just for a second that they were strangers, that Sherlock was--John had of course never actually done such a thing nor ever would, but the instant the thought occurred to him he reflexively tightened his grip in Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock tipped his head to take John in all the way, yanking at John’s hips so that John was straight-up fucking his throat, and John pulled at his hair and thrust
“Now, please now,” Sherlock begged, writhing.
Father was inclined to support Mycroft. “What if he does this to some other boy?”
, it can’t wait until morning, there are injuries! I’m sure I have no idea. Thank you.” He disconnected and looked around. “Shall we get an Uber? We’ll never get a cab out here.”
Mycroft lowered his asparagus and frowned. “You misunderstand. I am not conveying a cryptic but mutually understood sentiment, I really have no idea.”
“Hi,” Mary said, looking up at him and shifting the infant carrier she was holding. “Mind if I come in?”
All too soon the applause came. Sherlock swallowed, feeling numb, and made his way to the conductor’s spot, checking his feet as he went—he had a sudden irrational terror that he had somehow left his shoes behind again. He reached the front of the orchestra and stared at the little sea of faces turned up to him. This was all a colossal joke, it had to be. He was going to raise his hand and they were all going to—to fart in unison or—burst out laughing or—
“John!
“If we could get into that storage unit…” Rodriguez said.
“I’m not going to murder you.” Wiggins actually sounded somewhat offended. “You’re going to OD, aren’t you? No surprise there.”
Lady Smallwood gave him liberty of the house, but Sherlock returned to the privacy of the thick-walled room upstairs. He had planned to read the rest of the book, but found himself staring out the window, brooding. He was no longer really angry at Lady Smallwood; he’d been around that particular brand of pigheaded pragmatism all his life. Mrs. Hudson, on the other hand…he’d thought of her as an ally, and it would be a while before he forgave her. Dr. Sawyer as well.  He could not bear to think of John, but of course his thoughts kept straying to Mrs. Hudson saying
“Coffee and a pastry then.”
“I’ll get the next round,” John said, getting up.
“But what if I’m not?’
that hurt. Was it supposed to hurt? He tried to relax. Tiernan was practically trembling with the effort to keep from moving, and after a few minutes the sting lessened. “Okay. Just a bit.”
“Let it go,” John said sharply. “I mean it. You’re not on Moriarty’s radar and you want to keep it that way. Jesus, Owen, you’ve got kids.”
“Music exists only when it is played and heard, John, so yes, it is ‘great’.”
Sherlock realized abruptly that John was hard, his erection pressing into Sherlock’s thigh. The shock was literally visceral, a jolt in his stomach, and to his shame and bewilderment Sherlock felt his own arousal stir in response.
“It’s a quote, or I think it’s a quote—‘that was in another country, and besides the wench is dead’—that’s Mary, I suppose.  Still…I should never have done that to you, Sherlock, not for any reason. I am sorry. And it will never happen again, I promise you that.”
John’s first night back at Baker Street was strange, nostalgic with a bit of melancholy, like his first leave back from Afghanistan. He puttered around the flat, taking stock of what had changed and making a list of things he needed to pick up from the shops. He could get breakfast at Speedy’s in the morning. Back when he’d lived with Sherlock this was not something John did regularly, but he wasn’t usually going off to work then, and he’d generally had breakfast with Sherlock. He rather liked the idea of establishing a new routine, something to differentiate this chapter of his life: John In Baker Street, Waiting For Sherlock. He rummaged around in the box he’d deposited on the table until he found the whisky and poured himself a drink.
“It matters to me. If everything doesn’t match up exactly right, Moriarty’s going to find out, and then he’ll never believe I’m really dead. Come on, let’s go through it again before your brother’s people get here.”
“Oh sweetheart,” John said, all his anger gone now. He leaned over and laid his hand gently on the back of Sherlock's bent neck. Sherlock breathed deeply a few times, then tipped his head a little into John’s palm so John could cover one tense hand with his own and then stroke his hair.
Christmas, of course, was never the same again.
“Yes. When Moriarty understood this, he stuck a gun in his mouth and pulled the trigger.”
She sipped her wine, looking down and away. “My mother developed Alzheimer’s disease in her fifties. I might be lucky to get ten years, let alone twenty.”
“Fortunately I don’t remember.” This wasn’t strictly true, but it was the only kindness he had to give her.
home, he was simply ignoring his annoying caller. Sherlock could sympathize, but he would be on his way directly he got a good look at his quarry, so he banged away on the door without a qualm.
And that was when Lestrade reluctantly told Sherlock that they hadn’t been able to get to Mrs. Hudson before Moriarty did.  She was gone.
“I’m sure we will.”
Sherlock was already sliding the cheap bookcase out of the way to reveal a padlocked door. “Wait,” Ryan ordered, moving forward and snapping pictures with her phone. “Okay, move it the rest of the way. You have any bolt cutters?”
John tried to lift his chin, forcing his eyes to focus. Sherlock’s right hand was directly in front of his face, and it was holding a long, very sharp hunting knife.
John stilled. His hands found Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock—you know, don’t you, I’d be happy the rest of my life just carrying on as we are.”
“Don’t suppose you’ve another of those,” Sherlock said. He’d taken off his own wet jacket and was shivering in his damp shirt.
“How lovely for you. Well, this is the same thing, you’re going to learn how to fall in the water.”
“It’s sure to be all dross and propaganda.”
Trevor’s eyebrows rose a millimeter—it was the first change in her expression John had seen. “How did you know about the entropy? We’ve only just recognized it.”
John moved around to see what he was working on. “Are you—Sherlock, why are you playing internet poker?”
The unacknowledged scale in Sherlock’s mind palace tipped farther from fear toward arousal. He began to think about
. When Sherlock was sure John understood, he took the slate, cleaned it, and wrote a new sentence. John got this one quickly: “John likes horses,” he read triumphantly. “Now me.” He took the slate and changed only the last word so that it read, “John likes Sherlock”.
Agra thought, but apparently the rest of the snipers were as crazy as the boss, because she heard them fire.
Sherlock stood at the window for a moment, turning the phone over in his hand. He remembered again doing the same thing with Irene Adler’s phone, all those years ago in Baker Street. He’d thought never to see her again, and yet he had; they were friends now, would always be friends. He thought Michael would as well. They would always be a part of each other, just as it was with Irene, and even Victor.
,” moaned Sherlock, half out of his head with pleasure and desperate to feel John’s thick cock stretching him wide.
“Grey cotton.”
Still, when the big day finally came, and Sherlock hobbled out on his own two feet to meet John in the heart-strewn foyer—leaning heavily on crutches, shaky, wobbly, but undeniably walking—Sherlock looked at his hugely grinning face and knew that he hadn’t been fooling John for a minute. And it didn’t matter anyway, because when he staggered into John's arms John was laughing and hugging him and high-fiving with the therapists, and John—soldier, hero, bravest man Sherlock knew—had tears in his eyes, and he wasn’t even trying to hide them.
“Where’s Caro?”
“It’s adorable. Don’t change a thing. No, wait, change the sheets, they definitely need a wash now.”
Of course John would not be comfortable climbing into his bed. Sherlock’s face felt hot and he was glad of the dark. Actually, John’s head was in the perfect position now. Sherlock curled onto his side on the edge of the bed, rested his hand lightly on John’s hair, drew his fingertips back, slowly, and then did it again. John relaxed under him. Sherlock let his mind drift back to his hedgehog, to mathematics, to music, to the Ninth Symphony, to the chorus, to choral music, to motets. He thought of the motet he wanted to find at the museum the next day. He thought of the piece he was composing inspired by Lassus’ motets, transposing the voice parts for string quartet. There was a part that dissatisfied him. He heard it in his mind, the piercing sweetness of the sopranos, then the high notes of the violin, high, high, high, edging up the fingerboard…he saw the notes as sound waves now, the frequencies changing like bright colors; then finally, as he began to slip under, they became stars, cold and pure in the descending darkness, their edges a soft prickle under his fingers.
In the dark John suddenly felt Sherlock’s fingers at his mouth. “Do you think your friends know you’re here?” His whisper seemed loud in John’s ear. He could still hear the thumping, propulsive beat of the music outside, but the sudden quiet in the tiny office made his ears ring. Sherlock’s fingers just brushed John’s lips, tracing over his face. “Did they see you leave with a man?’
“Mr. Holmes was also admitted in a severely compromised nutritional state, which compounded the difficulty in treatment,” the attending added.
“I’m going away,” Sherlock said abruptly.
Sherlock shook his head. “I just want to be with you.”
“On the Earl’s horses,” the captain said, brows arched.
“Wait,” the second man said. “Red car, just coming down the drive. There’s a woman inside, looks blonde, pretty.”
“You know, I read your blog when Sally first told me about you two,” Roz said, eating a handful of free popcorn. “You’ve got a real flair for this. You should think about writing a book yourself.”
“In my car,” Fuller said helplessly.
“Well, a bit, maybe, but not at you.” At least Sherlock hadn’t said John would be angry. “It’s as if—what if Lestrade called you to a fantastic crime scene, and when you got there, the guy who did it recognized you and confessed? You’d be disappointed, but not in
“Like that? Don’t you want to change?”
Is anyone else having problems with AO3 notifications? I'm getting them late, out of order, and occasionally twice. I do my very best to answer every comment, so if I missed yours I sincerely apologize!
“I don’t know!” John shouted back. “I’ve got a puny intellect, remember? So bloody well spell it out!”
Sherlock sighed. “Take your cap off at least, and when we get past this village I’ll get up front with you. Maybe we’ll attract less attention that way.”
Gregson nodded thoughtfully. “I’ll be sure to tell him. And John? It goes for you too. If he comes back, you leave him to me.”
“Oh, come off it, we know he went home with your mate last time,” Henry said. “O’Dowd saw them get into a cab together.”
Sherlock crouched in front of him and pulled out the gun. The man was still wheezing, so he also took out his knife, and held it against the man’s throat. “I don’t want to shoot you because they’ll hear the shot,” he said. “But if you call out, I’ve got nothing to lose, do you understand?” The man nodded, eyes wide and terrified. “I’m going to ask you some questions. Some of them I already know the answers to. If you lie, I’ll cut your throat. Who killed the man who tended the lighthouse?”
“Oh well, it was worth a try,” Sherlock said cheerfully. “In that case, John and I will be moving into the apartment in the East Wing that used to belong to Great-Aunt Cecily and her companion—you remember, the one who was always embroidering cats on things? We’ll need tutors to catch us up—not too much of a job in my case, but John will need to be got ready for medical school, and I won’t go to university until he does—Mr. Brooke will do for me, and—“
And as for that part of it…he mostly just wasn’t thinking about it. Sure, he wasn’t gay, but that didn’t mean he was totally straight either. There had definitely been a few encounters here and there, just for a lark, of course. He really didn’t know what, if anything, Sherlock would want in that direction. He didn’t know what he wanted himself. They could work all that out later.
And nothing will remain,
John managed longer than Sherlock, but it was glorious all the same—John’s coaching quickly devolved into a babbled litany of “Oh fuck, your mouth,” and “God you feel amazing” and then just “oh God oh fuck” over and over again. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up, curious, and John happened to look down at the same moment, straight into Sherlock’s burning eyes and his mouth stretched wide around John’s cock, and John shouted and grabbed Sherlock’s hair and came with a bitter rush that startled Sherlock wildly, though he managed to hang on until the end.
She took it, ejecting the magazine and checking the gun over before slotting it back in place. “Aye. We’ve drilled with the militia.”
“Do you want to go?” Sherlock said, wondering belatedly if anyone had actually asked her this question.
Owen had certainly learned a lot about John in a very short time. Feeling genuinely curious now, John replied, “I’ll see you there.”
“Not quite,” Sherlock said. His smile was all teeth. “Because we have something we didn’t have seventeen years ago. Evidence.”
He felt a familiar tightening and pulled back, making a hoarse rusty noise when he tried to say Sherlock’s name. Sherlock opened his mouth to get a breath and then sucked him in again.
Kitty’s face spread into a slow smile. “Oh, I know exactly how. Magnussen’s current assistant and I were at the same newspaper back when I was looking into you. She’s got a bit of a thing for you.”
“Acknowledged,” she said. He could hear the smile in her voice. “Luchd-rathaid?”
“Sherlock, I’m fine,”John said impatiently for the third time. “He just caught me across the backs of my thighs, is all. At least he didn’t hit my kidneys--Nicky is still pissing blood this morning.”
They did. There was, after all, nothing much else to do. So they lay there all day, Sherlock dozing and coughing, dozing and coughing, John napping a little and thinking about Angelo.
Moriarty just stared at her with his dark empty eyes and Agra crossed over to turn the laptop where she could see it. She was expecting the detective’s website, but this was something different—a blog, apparently. On the entry showing were two pictures, helpfully labelled: “This is me. This is Sherlock. Okay? Criminals of London, please note which is which!”
“They weren’t there.”
“Did she get my letters?” he asked desperately. “Did she know I was alive?”
John could not breathe. Dimly, he was aware that Young Tom had stopped laughing.
“Five days ago.”
By the time John and Sherlock went back to Baker Street that night the police had practically everyone connected to anyone who’d ever had anything to do with Sherlock Holmes or James Allen under wraps, including Athelney Jones’ widow, who according to Lestrade was the size of a Smart Car and wouldn’t even have to fight off abductors; she could just stay put and refuse to move. Lestrade had screamed at his ex-wife and his son’s school for a good quarter hour on the phone, and was now feeling a lot better. Sherlock had burned off his excess adrenaline solving Mycroft’s missing missile plan problem, and that seemed to have cheered him up too.
“You’ll get on well enough.” Gregson held out his hand and Sherlock took it, still glowering. “And Sherlock…do a favor for an old friend? Read a bit of history.
“Roz said there was something weird about the crime scenes. She couldn’t put her finger on it, she just felt like there was something off about all of them. I told her about you, and said maybe I could have you take a look some time if you got bored, and when we got back to Atlanta she made copies of the photos. I brought them back and then rather forgot the whole thing, but I was doing a great clean in my flat after Christmas and found them. So. What do you think?”
need something to help bring him down. He’d been going through the cocaine a bit faster than he’d liked, lately, and maybe this would help to balance him out.
“No idea…you’re probably a better judge of that than I.”
“There was a note in a plastic bag in her pocket,” the morgue attendant explained in hushed tones, “but it wasn’t sealed all the way and the water got in, so it couldn’t be read. The police have it. She didn’t have any other identification on her.”
“In exchange for what?”
The bar and restaurant turned out to be one big room, with an enormous fireplace and floor-to-ceiling windows, which currently revealed only a wall of whirling snow. The décor heavily featured antlers, including an enormous taxidermied head over the fireplace. Moose? Elk? Oversized ugly deer? Sherlock didn’t know. A large and disgruntled party—thwarted hunters, presumably—had commandeered the tables in front of the fire, so Sherlock sat at the bar. “Coffee please,” he said.
Sherlock’s whole body abruptly went rigid. His irises rolled up under his half-closed lids, so far John saw only white, and then the jerking started, harder and harder. He was seizing. John swore and grabbed for the oxygen on the wall. “Hit the code button! The blue button!” he said sharply to Mycroft, who was staring at Sherlock with an expression of frozen horror. Mycroft blinked and turned toward the wall and John saw the lights begin flashing out of the corner of his eye as he attached the tubing and turned the valve up as high as it would go. He slid the mask over Sherlock’s face and held it in place, his other hand cradling the bare vulnerable curve of Sherlock’s skull as though he could somehow soothe the fragile brain within.
“How come?”
ripe, and John and Sherlock stuffed themselves. They were tiny oblong fruit hardly bigger than cherries, swollen and sun-warmed and so ripe the skin was splitting.
John was at the gate almost before he realized it, distracted from his journey by the terrible things he had heard. Lord Mycroft, dead, and the others--he shied away from the horror of it, even in his head. At the walled orchard he tied Hermes inside where he would not be seen, and moved toward the Hall on foot. It was full morning now and the thick fog was beginning to lift; he would have to make haste. The grounds were utterly, eerily silent. He heard no noises coming from the stables or the gardens. At the back near the kitchens he paused to listen, but there was nothing: no voices, not clattering of pans.
Sherlock felt his mind go utterly blank with horrified comprehension, like a flash of blinding lightning before the crack of thunder, and then the pain. He felt his gut spasm in an aborted attempt at retching, but he was too dehydrated and crushed even to vomit. The man shoved him down hard onto the table and Sherlock went limp, tried to take his mind away, tried to block it out, failed.
John had almost forgotten about that, but of course Sherlock never would. “The truth is that I didn’t really have any good ones. Not like you did.”
“No, Sherlock,” John said as gently as he could. “I went to the Hall. I saw them.”
“We played games,” Sherlock said. “At first.” The games were easy, the sort he’d done with the other doctor, the nice one who’d said he was very clever. He knew he was doing well, and the doctor smiled at him. “But he says we’re going to play a new game now.”
It was much the same the fourth time, and the fifth, and the sixth, and the seventh. There were parameters, unspoken but clear to both of them. Always standing, only in the shared areas of the flat (except the time they’d been in Cornwall for a case, staying at a thin-walled B&B, where John had got Sherlock off in a dark corner behind the garden shed). Sherlock never asked, although sometimes he definitely hinted, but the final decision was always John’s. Once, when Sherlock was being particularly poisonous, John had stomped off to bed, only to come back down a few hours later when the flat went unnervingly quiet. He found Sherlock hunched on the fire escape, smoking.
a lovely day for all it’s so cold—I feel I haven’t seen the sun in ages. I can’t wait to go to the park this afternoon. You should come as well,” she said, wheedling.
“Fine.”
“It’s ever so exciting,” she said, eyes shining at the attention. “I’ve heard it all from Elsie the chambermaid. One of the young men, Mr. Adair, had planned to play at cards last night. He put a sum of money into a purse, meaning only to play until he had depleted those funds, but then he forgot the purse in his room. He decided providence meant for him to be prudent and to spend the evening in the music-room instead. Just as he went to bed, he noticed that the purse was gone from his dressing-table, but supposed that his valet had put it away for safekeeping. This morning, he learned that his valet had done no such thing--the purse was gone when he came to prepare Mr. Adair for bed. There was a great fuss, and suspicion fell on Mr. Anderson, for it was said he was seen leaving the room looking very furtive whilst all the guests were at dinner. Mr. Anderson is known to be a bit of a sourpuss and not very popular, so none came to his defense save…”
Sherlock looked at the floor, saying nothing.
Sherlock did not deign to reply to this. Of course he’d been breathing; he’d specified exactly the quantity of heroin he wanted in the smuggled syringe, and Wiggins had never miscalculated before. He swallowed ostentatiously, nose wrinkling, and settled back in his seat as though unaware they were only minutes away. John opened his mouth as though to say something else, then closed it and turned away, looking out his own window.
Oh God, oh God, John—“
“Pleasure to meet you,” John said, extending his hand.
“Stop it,” Sherlock’s muffled voice came from under the pile of blankets. “The sun’s in my eyes.”
John glared. “So you’re just going to do nothing while Sherlock rots in that prison.”
“Oh, I thought maybe you didn’t need to…like Beethoven, you know, how he couldn’t hear his own compositions.”
“Ah,” John said.
Tyler Austin didn’t die of Brugada syndrome, Sherlock thought with smug satisfaction. He rubbed a finger over his lips, considering his options. He’d never been given a way to contact DI MacDougall directly, which was probably a deliberate precaution on her part, but worked to his advantage here. He needed to stay a few steps ahead. In the end he sent an email to Sergeant Donovan, saying rather cryptically that the forensics didn’t add up and asking her to pass on his advice to have the pathologist do a date rape panel. If MacDougall was as good as Donovan seemed to think, she’d do it from a sense of thoroughness if nothing else. Of course, Donovan wouldn’t even get the email until she got out of court, so that left him a comfortable head start. Back to the lab report.
“Perineum.” Coherence restored by the opportunity to correct.
John turned to lean in at the window, speaking low. “You could, but not here. I’ll meet you. Tell me when and where.”
“Oh, she doesn’t fancy him. But given the choice? She’s already low status, she’ll go to some garrison commander in Ireland and be sport for all his alphas every heat. Or she can be bonded, have her freedom—well, more or less—“
“Well…okay.” John went around to the passenger seat and found their location on the map whilst Sherlock adjusted his seat and mirrors. It didn’t look too far. “Do you know where to go?”
“I thought first years usually don’t, sir.”
“You had a sleigh bed.”
“You deserve so much better,” John said so softly Sherlock could barely hear him.
Moriarty noticed, of course, and something flared in his cold eyes. “Oh, I’m not going to hurt Johnny,” he said, smiling. “I’m going to do much worse. I’m going to turn him against you. I’m going to turn everyone against you. The great detective, the hero, the one everyone desires, everyone admires…you’re going to fall sooooooo far and so hard. People will spit on you in the street.”
“Shah needed money,” Lestrade said. They were sitting in his office, Donovan leaning against the wall looking more put out than usual. “Those twins apparently took three rounds of private IVF, which is, I don’t know how much a pop—“
“He was
Detective Inspector Lestrade strode into the park feeling a jangle of nervous anticipation. This was his first call since he’d been made DI, and it sounded promising: a dead young woman with a creepy bloke still crouching over her with the uniforms arrived. He squared his shoulders and said to the sergeant next to him, “All right, Hopkins, tell me what we know.”
One hour and seven minutes later Emma strode into the café where John sat nursing a coffee and said, “Ready?”
Days became weeks, and weeks became months. For the most part they were good months for Sherlock. There were cases and baffled calls from Lestrade and the occasional odd problem from Mycroft. There was bad telly and good music; they saw Tiernan the Tenor in
The christening itself went off without a hitch. Sherlock found the familiarity of the church service soothing in its predictability; predictability was a trait he had grown to appreciate now that he had his very own case of full-blown PTSD. The flowers and music were exquisite, of course, and Mary and Lily both looked lovely. He even got through the photographs after, eased by the benzodiazepines he’d taken just before leaving the flat. He’d been given the tranquilizers at the hospital and never used them—the possibility of worsening the dreams was too frightening—but he was determined to get through the day without causing John or Mary one second of anxious thought.
“Okay, okay,” John said, laughing. He slid his fingers free, which made Sherlock arch his back again, and arranged Sherlock’s hips where he wanted them. Then he fumbled for the supplies on the nightstand. “Nice work this,” he said, flipping a condom out of a package with a dexterity Sherlock couldn’t help but envy; he wasn’t that smooth yet. “You’re quite a good student.”
“Well, I can hardly ask John,” Sherlock said. “Lestrade would be the obvious choice, but asking would make him uncomfortable, and besides he would almost certainly go on to say that he knows nothing about love and then to wax maudlin about his ex-wife.”
“That’s the end of it,” Pip announced finally, holding the bottle up and peering at the last few drops. “Here! Benny!”
“The family,” Mrs. Gregson said, visibly reluctant, “might not…”
John remained a moment against the wall, panting, before he straightened and looked around for something to wipe his hand. Stumbling to bed he thought once again,
“How do you mean?”
“That’s all right. When you’re a famous composer you’ll write an opera for me.”
Watson’s eye were on his in the rear view mirror. “Because you observe.”
“You’ve got tall!” he said, stunned.
“Okay, black out whatever you think might be a state secret, I don’t care about the details. I just want to know what’s going on.”
“Yeah, and you’re not getting any closer to saving her right now, you just said so,” John said patiently. “Get some rest and have a fresh go in the morning.”
They kissed and John wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock, rubbing at the sensitive skin where he was stretched tight around John and squeezing at his arse. It all felt good, everything felt good, every inch of him so aroused and stimulated that when John’s lips brushed his nipple he felt as though he would come from that alone. “Lie back now, I want to see you,” Sherlock ordered, and John lay back. Better. Sherlock breathed, felt the knife edge of orgasm receding, and leaned forward to run his hands over the firm muscle overlying John’s chest. John’s hands settled on his hips and Sherlock lifted and lowered lightly, purely for the pleasure of seeing John’s mouth fall open, and then again. He was teasing John, not lowering fully but keeping just the head of John’s cock seated within him, rocking back and forth lightly against the tight ring of muscle.
“August, sir.”
“But how are you still here? What about the registry, the property laws—and how are you still together?”
“No, a gay bar.”
“Anything you need, sir,” John said immediately, unable to stop staring at the unconscious boy on the bed. There was a strong smell of ether.
Sherlock nodded for the sheer pleasure of having John bring the tablets and fold them into his hand. He swallowed obediently and closed his eyes as John stroked his hair. Bliss.
John was suddenly reminded anew that he was sitting across from the most powerful man in the country, and possibly the planet. He was also intensely aware that the night before he had taken that man’s baby brother to bed, spread him out, entered his body, and taken his pleasure in the lewdest of ways. He felt his face go hot.
Sherlock tipped his head and narrowed his eyes at her. “That’s what happened before, isn’t it? You got the wrong man. That’s why you’re too pusillanimous to commit to—“
Moriarty made a face of exaggerated disgust. “
The boy looked immensely relieved. He was about Sherlock’s height but broader and more tanned, with dark brown eyes like melting chocolate. “I can’t make her understand, my English is too bad,” he said in French. “And this way if my parents ask if I bought cigarettes I can say no.”
“What? Nothing, I swear to you, nothing. I’m clean. I just needed talk to you. To apologize. Please, Molly, let me come in so I can explain.”
Six hours, three cups of tea, a few bites of dinner, and a diagram spanning half a wall later, Sherlock had cracked the case. Unfortunately he had no one to witness his moment of triumph, as John had long since gone to bed and Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis was unlikely to appreciate being awakened in the middle of the night, no matter how attached to her hideous jewels she claimed to be.
“What,” Sherlock said crossly.
“Seemed nice enough,” John said shrugging. “I’d leave a dog there if we really had one.”
And he didn’t just have John now, Sherlock realized abruptly: he had Rosie as well. He had gained a partner and a child all in one night. He, Sherlock Holmes, had a family. Sherlock shut his eyes and let the full weight of joy and awe and responsibility settle over him. A family. No more risking his life to prove he was clever; only to protect them, or to make the world better and safer for them, for Rosie. John had taken care of him, and now he would take care of John and Rosie, and Talitha and Mrs. Hudson, and Molly and Lestrade, and Mycroft, and even his parents and sister, for Mycroft’s sake.
Sherlock looked up at him for the first time. “But at the abbey? I can still have it in my rooms?”
“Maybe. Maybe not.
“Sexual slavery,” Caro said. Her dark eyes were snapping with fury. “How did you escape? Will there be others?”
Later, when they’d made a desultory stab at wiping themselves off and were drifting off in the mess of slightly musty-smelling sheets, Sherlock murmured into John’s hair, “Look, the sun’s gone now. I timed it perfectly.”
“We’ll camp out the first time, and then we’ll buy a really excellent bed with all this money you have.”
Not here for high and holy things
Sherlock thought it prudent to steer the conversation away from John’s loyalties. “But why did you mean for me to fall pregnant? I thought you were trying to
It felt odd to be back at Bart’s. B dorm’s table seemed strange and unfamiliar with Tank and his cronies gone, although some of the other boys had moved quickly to fill the power vacuum at the top of the pecking order. One of these was Pip, John noticed. Uncertain of his standing now, he slipped into an empty seat at the bottom of the table.
Dr. Madden put her hand out, palm up, to quiet John. “No, it’s all right. I appreciate your directness, Mr. Holmes.” She looked away a brief moment. “That piece of shit,” she said in her crisp, perfectly enunciated finishing school accent. “I thought the marriage was over ages ago, but he kept insisting he still loved me. It was the money all along, I suppose. Bastard.” She looked absently at the pictures on her desk. “He’s fucking the nanny, isn’t he?”
Sherlock’s eyes went wide at the sight of the little envelope. “That’s not…”
“I regret to say very little gloating will be involved.” Mycroft took a sip of his drink. “As you will see. Several years ago, we found ourselves in need of a deep cover agent in London. This always poses a bit of a challenge, since there is always the risk of our own agents bumping up against their real lives, as it were. We have a reciprocal arrangement with the Americans for such situations, so they provided an agent, we created the Mary Morstan identity, she carried out the assignment, all was well. Since she had performed admirably and without blowing her cover, we decided to keep the persona active in case it was needed again. Mary Morstan ended the relationship in which she was involved—“  David, Sherlock thought, “—and announced she was taking a job in America, and for the next few years the American agent you know by that name maintained the identity via Facebook posts, Christmas cards, and so on. When you became temporarily deceased, I thought it would be a good idea to put someone on John, since if anyone suspected you of being among the living then they would most likely try to get to you through him. Mary Morstan was overqualified for such a job, but as it happened had recently completed a particularly dangerous assignment at considerable personal risk, and it was felt she might benefit from something bit less…adventurous. Additionally, she had spoken to her superiors expressing her availability for a long-term assignment due to personal reasons.”
John felt numb and shocked. His mother, dead? But—
“A young woman came in last night with a complaint of the abdomen,” Dr. Woodcourt said, fiddling absently with his pocket watch. “She is very young--unmarried--and it seems her condition has deteriorated significantly in the night. From what Sister tells me, she thought to erase one sin by committing another, and is now paying the price.”
“I know I can,” Sherlock said. “I just have to be more persistent this time.”
“Picks him up how? She doesn’t have a car.”
“Here…it’s a bit slower going, on the back roads.”
but he could see the man clearly through the rifle’s sights: it was Moriarty, not Sherlock. And then Sherlock stepped out from behind a rock and looked up at him. He was smiling, and John felt an answering grin spread across his own face, even as he noticed the small pistol in Sherlock’s left hand and wondered where the hell Sherlock had gotten a gun. Mycroft, he supposed. Sneaky bastard. Then a movement in the bottom of the scope caught his eye and he glanced away from Sherlock, just in time to see Moriarty push himself laboriously up on one arm and aim his gun.
At the end of the hour, sweaty and tired, Sherlock slowed to a walk and then stepped out of the sheet. He untied it, shook the creases out, and remade the bed with careful precision. Then he stripped off his clothes, dropped them in the laundry hamper, put his pyjamas back on, and sat down to wait. Two minutes, breathing back to normal. Five minutes, sweat dried. Ten minutes and he began to feel chilly again. Just as he began wondering if he had gotten off on the time, he heard footsteps on the stairs and then, very distantly, the sound of a clock striking.
If you've been lulled into domestic complacency...the action picks back up in the next chapter
“Anything,” Sherlock said helplessly. “We didn’t do anything. He was afraid of Tank and his gang. Tank might have left him alone out of sentiment but not Morris or Flea. So I said whilst you were gone he could sleep with me where he’d be safe. When you came back I told him he’d have to go back to his own bed but he was scared, so I told Tank he was mine now and to make the others leave him alone. I did hear from Ernie that the story had got embellished a bit, but I didn’t really care. I don’t mind what the others think. But I never thought--I didn’t imagine you would think I--I wouldn’t ever, you must know that--” Sherlock no longer looked as if he would laugh; he seemed on the verge of tears.
“Riiight,” John said, staring at him. He raised the phone again as Sherlock went back to his book. “Looks like Sherlock’s in.”
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock remembered to shut his mouth with some difficulty. “You were going after him all along!”
” Irene said a little wistfully.
“Do you want me to—“
The days are short
to be stuck out here and not know what’s going on.”
“How do you know?”
“Some people hate the sensation of something in their throat. Some people don’t like having the NG tube inserted because it triggers their gag reflex. Why do you hate it?”
John closed his eyes, unable to face that particular line of thought, and heaved himself out of bed. His head was pounding and his stomach churned. Stumbling to the washroom, he splashed water on his face and realized, dully, that his fierce anger at Sherlock had not ebbed one iota. He considered his options. Breakfast held no appeal, and if he slipped over to hospital now he could confront Sherlock and get it over with before he had to begin work.
Sherlock scowled harder. “Oh, all right,” he said crossly, gathered up his things, and marched up the stairs.
“No,” Mycroft said. “I told him
John closed his eyes and opened them again: still on the floor. He became aware of a hubbub of noise over him—the backpackers—and of an enormously heavy weight pressing him down. Sherlock. Sherlock had tackled John to the floor. Oh shit, John thought, and then suddenly the racket above him quieted into what sounded like a single indrawn breath.
“Just that he’s back in business. That’s all.”
to get your side of the story, give you a chance to go on the record. Sure you don’t want to take it?” She pulled a small recorder out of her pocket. “Jim Moriarty’s been happy enough to talk to me.”
“He does.”
John grinned. They were in the hall after dinner, leaning back against the wall. “Go on then, tell me about the potatoes.”
John followed his pointing finger and saw the graceful form of a bird high over one of the hills. “Is it hunting?”
Mistress. He filed that away. You never knew what could be useful.
“No, down.” Sherlock found the pump and stabbed at it clumsily. “I need to do my exercises.”
Sherlock’s long fingers settled onto John’s hips and he said, “I know something else you’ve missed,” and pushed him onto his back.
Sherlock dozed off and on for the next few hours, waking every time they bounced over a rough patch of road. The crackling in his spine started up in the late afternoon and he immediately took another sedative; no point in saving them now—the cobbler’s knife would be quicker and more effective, if less pleasant—and things were only going to get worse from here. The knowledge that John was only inches away was torture. If they were going to make it to Mallaig without Sherlock ripping the van apart he needed all the help he could get. Sherlock, who had opened the hidden door to stretch out, crawled back into the compartment and curled on his side to stretch the burning ache in his back. He managed to doze off again, but then the van slowed, turned, and bumped to a stop. Petrol, Sherlock thought fuzzily. He heard the rattle and clank of pumps and then heard a quick flurry of knocks that his groggy brain took a moment to recognize as Morse code:
Sherlock was so enraged he tried to sit up. “I might never walk again! How am I supposed to work?”
“But you wouldn’t have liked that as well, would you, darling? And I couldn’t have you getting jealous, after all I did to keep you safe for me.”
And he did.
“It worked out for the best,” Sherlock began again tentatively, “because I had been searching the flat, every chance I had which was not often, and found nothing that could be the scrapbook. Sebastian had a laptop, obviously, but I was sure he would keep nothing sensitive on it. But Tuesday Sebastian was—I angered him, when I arrived there, I was intemperate because of—the police, and he—he tied me to the bed, rather in a hurry. He had pushed me onto my back first, I was—I was—“
“He looked good,” John said, maybe a bit too firmly. “His eyes were…” he hesitated, searching for the right word. Not steady; Sherlock’s eyes had been constantly scanning the tearoom, but then they’d never been steady, always skittering about after his thoughts. Not clear, not bright; those words belonged to the old Sherlock. Not always in a good way. “…there,” he said finally. “He was
John must have swayed because he was abruptly aware of Mycroft gripping his arm. He closed his eyes for a minute, bracing himself, then he firmly shoved down the wave of sickness and moved slowly around the bed. Sherlock’s skin was the colour of old parchment and he was shivering. “Sherlock?” John said softly. His voice cracked. “Sherlock, it’s me. It’s John.”
“I was hoping to find
“It’s not a deer.”
“Bit taller than me, bit older, very nice muscles, really nice eyes—looks a bit like Mel Gibson, you know, back when Mel was hot and before he was crazy.”
Sherlock took himself off to the library, his favorite place at Eton, and pulled out an atlas and a smattering of reference books. Brighton had beaches. Brighton had the University of Sussex. Brighton had…wait a minute.
“I don’t know,” Watson said. The house door opened and there stood Phillips, implacable as ever. Watson hurriedly turned and got out of the car, bending to open Sherlock’s. The next words were in a low whisper Sherlock barely heard. “But stay away from him.”
“Well.” John shrugged a little helplessly. “The heart wants what it wants, I guess. I mean, haven’t you ever wanted anybody? Even a little?”
—you need to rest. You don’t look—“
Interesting, implies a very high degree of self-confidence.” John grinned up at the sky and Sherlock said in a deep velvety voice that John knew perfectly well he employed on purpose: “Tell me, John. Just what fantasy did
“Will the horses be held for evidence?” the sergeant asked as if by rote and it occurred to John that this was likely quite a profitable sideline for the soldiers.
Felix turned out to be a fount of useful information.
“And did you wait outside?”
“No,” Sherlock said, and rang the bell. “It’s an old man living alone, though he didn’t always, but there’s no one else here now; we should be able to take care of ourselves if he’s no longer on our side.”
Lestrade sobered, glancing at John before looking back at Sherlock. “You gave us a right scare there. Never thought I’d be so glad to hear your voice again, I don’t mind telling you.”
“You’re very sure of yourself,” Sherlock said haughtily. “I’ve no intention of being back here tomorrow. I’ll be below, polishing up my new sword.”
“Because it’s Saturday. Nobody will talk to us tonight; too busy.”
The hotelier said, “
“I don’t want a groom! I’ve a great deal of ground to cover today and I can’t be bothered with Old Tom holding me back and whinging that we have to get home or he’ll miss his luncheon. Anyway look, I’ve got a disguise—no one’s going to know who I am.” Lord Sherlock held out his arms to show his coat.
“I’m not by myself, I’m with you.”
“I’ve got a spare bedroom,” Sherlock said. “How do you feel about solving crimes?”
Sherlock thought frantically. He tried to scramble to his feet, the back of his coat and trousers soaked through, but slipped on an oily-slick patch and fell again. “We need an ambulance!”
John came out carrying two mugs and handed one to Sherlock before settling into his old chair. Sherlock took a sip, savoring the perfection of it for a moment: tea always tasted better when John made it.
Sherlock followed John’s finger, but his gaze still seemed distant. “Actually,” he said slowly, “Would you lie down with me? I’m not being euphemistic—I just want to be with you, and rest a bit.”
“Yes, well.” Michael’s mouth twitched in that humorless smile again. “We were luckier than some, right? At least I’m still alive. My father’s friends said it was Lord Moriarty’s men behind that so-called revolution in the south and look at those aristocrats: their whole families were killed, they say. Even the children.”
not like that, put them higher.”
“Most of the work in the storerooms is done by pupils, like me, with varying degrees of experience and competence, overseen by two junior staffers who have been at their posts for some time.”
he thought, and felt a tightness in his throat.
, the Mozart of rugby.” He thumbed open the button of his trousers. “She’d do anything for you.” He pushed the trousers down his hips, struggling a little, still watching John. “Anything at all. When the player tells her he’s been sent to bring back the prettiest girl out there she’s thrilled, because nothing would make her happier than to service John Watson, to let John Watson have her against the wall.” He stepped out of the trousers and turned his back.
John stood up and pulled off his gloves. “Wouldn’t have done any good, my bedroom looked out over a patch of wood,” he said. “And I had shutters, not curtains. Surprised you missed that.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, clearly thinking that he would, in fact, find some way to blame Lestrade.
“Case,” Sherlock said dismissively. “Although that was a very different…never mind, you really don’t want to know. “ He set the bag carefully aside and took his tea. “What else is there?” He was quite happy with John’s dad’s old pipe, from which he deduced an astonishing number of things, including the presence of moles in their old garden, and he refused to let John throw it out. “Maybe I’ll take up pipe smoking. Ugh.” This was in response to what John vaguely thought might be his rugby jersey from the year his team won the championship. Sherlock tossed it aside. “What’s this? Has it to do with pirates?” He had picked up a book John recognized as
The beta looked genuinely insulted. “Angie!” he shouted over his shoulder. “Bring me a little jar of the Dundee and be quick about it.”
Beth arrived at the ungodly hour of 4 AM, driving a rattling old farm truck and dressed in well-worn work clothes. She handed Sherlock a battered donkey jacket and flat woolen cap, which settled nicely over his ears. From a distance or through the truck window, he could easily be taken for a beta.
mean everything. Do you understand?”
“Have a lovely Christmas,” Sherlock muttered, trying not to sound as baleful as he felt.
“Exactly. It comes out on the town side, and it takes ages to walk the horses here, so I hardly ever go this way, but it’s handy if you want to leave the grounds unnoticed.” Sherlock latched the gate again and swung himself back into the saddle. The gate was just as hard to spy from the outside and looked as though it were rarely disturbed--John was surprised anyone found it at all.
“What? Why?”
Sherlock headed for the more dimly lit part of the crypt, pulling Molly behind him. Near the tombs the illumination was kept respectfully low, but he knew their red cloaks would still be easily visible if anyone looked; he was counting on everyone being too focused on their own fear and nervous chatter to bother. Sherlock had never been in this section before, but he could see the page from
Unfortunately, after this promising start, Operation Shag Sherlock rather stalled out. John had no idea how to go about finding a suitable date for Sherlock, let alone how he would convince Sherlock to go along (for that matter the date might take some convincing too). He figured his best bet was to wait for Sherlock to solve a really good case and then take him out. He needed to start looking into places where a thirtysomething gay man picked up guys. Dance clubs? His own same-sex hookups had taken place at uni or in the army. He would have asked Lestrade for help, but he didn’t want to betray Sherlock’s confidence.
Afterwards they lay alongside each other on their backs, getting their breath, staring up into the dimly lit room. The only light came from the soft glow of the lamp on Sherlock’s desk.
“In just a moment,” Sherlock said. “Mrs. Reilly, tell me about the household first, if you’d be so kind.”
The storm blew itself out sometime the second night. When Sherlock woke for the last time the cottage was eerily silent, the windows washed with the pure pale shimmer of a far northern dawn. The fire inside him had burnt down to embers now but he still burned, and his moan as John entered him held as much exhaustion as relief. He was almost too spent to move and yet John’s cock, plunging slowly in and out, still made him shiver in pleasure.
They lay in the dark on the sand on a blanket in the cove, surrounded by more jagged rocks that would shield them from view if anyone decided to go for a moonlit stroll. They had never been so private before, and before long Philippe was caressing Sherlock’s bum through his swim trunks and Sherlock was winding his leg up over Philippe’s, and then they were grinding together and it was
Sherlock put on his coat and scarf and tucked the supplies carefully in his pocket. He had been preparing for this day for a long time. There had been nights when knowing he had everything he needed to end it at any time was all that kept him going, an irony he thought John, with his illegally retained service gun, might have appreciated. He picked up his gloves, which he wore now year-round to hide his curled right hand, but thought better of wearing them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but raised his now-empty glass. “I’m thirsty,” he announced as John and Lestrade drank his beer, and left for the bar.
“The king. I couldn’t hear all of it. But I think…I think they must be safe.”
Caro gave him a bag of bacon rolls and a flask of hot tea and Teddy gave him a hug, slipping him another book. “In case you get bored,” she said, smiling up at him, and Sherlock hugged her again, harder. The book fit nicely in the jacket packet.
John dropped his own clothing--he was half out of it anyway--and made short work of Sherlock’s, stripping him and then pushing him so he lay propped against the pillow. “You like when I touch you, remember?” he said, straddling Sherlock’s hips and running his hands over his chest. Sherlock shivered and pressed upward, trying for some contact with John’s body, but John kept him pinned with his thighs. “I’m going to touch you, and I’m going to make it so good that you won’t be able to do anything tomorrow. Every time you move or turn or sit you’re going to think about my hands on you.” He took Sherlock’s hand and sucked the fingers into his mouth. “I’m going to make it so you won’t be able to touch a
“No, it’s just…I didn’t know you were still…that’s great, that’s really good. Okay. Tell me what you know.”
John had to laugh, because he’d walked into that one. “Let me deduce—that’s where Willfen’s kids play football, isn’t it?”
Davy and Ned, not laughing now, clattered off down the ladder. John took several slow, deep breaths, trying to tamp down his fury. He became aware of Young Tom sitting quietly facing him.
But Mr. Talbert looked amused. “There are no limitations on what you can write, Sherlock. But there are limitations on what we can play. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we’ve mostly string players and pianists at the workshop. You’ve written parts for woodwinds! If I’m not mistaken, you even have a celesta in here.”
“We wouldn’t have found any of this if it hadn’t been for you.”
Sherlock rolled up the rug until it bumped up against the end of the bed and wedged his shoes against it to keep it unrolling. He looped the sheet around the bottom rail at the foot of the bed and sat down on the slick wood floor, bracing the soles of his stocking feet against the rug, and went to work on his makeshift rowing machine, using the sheet to pull himself forward and pushing back with his legs. His linen drawers slid easily on the polished floor. He was sweating now, more than warmed up in the chilly fireless room, but he kept going until he heard the Commander stomping back up to his bedroom, shouting something irritable to Mrs. Turner as he went.
The movement made him aware of the mess on his abdomen and he broke off, grimacing. “Best clean this up or we’ll regret it. I’ll bring you a flannel, okay?”
“Oh right. Just blood pressure or do you have to do the monitor?”
“Er…don’t think so.” Why on earth hadn’t he? Sherlock would love Mr. Spock.
“Yes, thanks, Sherlock, I am capable of observing that much. I don’t know…it wasn’t like I learned about bisexuality at school. I suppose I thought I had to choose, and it was a lot easier to choose being straight, wasn’t it? So…”
searched the flat,” Anderson said, in the nasal whine that always got worse when he was being upstaged by the world’s only consulting detective.
“So you’re saying it’s a killer for hire,” Lestrade said slowly.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered open and he stared at John in unfocused bewilderment before letting them fall closed again. Good, John thought, teeth chattering, if they could just get ashore, get warmed up, quickly—
“No,” John said. “No, not like this, not without his consent, just—
Sherlock gave a long, put-upon sigh and then sat up briskly. “You will get me full access to your husband’s workplace and associates. I am working for you, not the police, and I trust you can ensure me their cooperation. When I have identified your husband’s location I will turn the matter over to the police, and they will take full credit for the entire process. My name will stay out of the matter and your husband will use his joyful reunion press conference to draw attention to the shameful practices of his business competitors.” Lestrade—or whoever had overruled him—would be embarrassed enough by Sherlock solving a case using the lead he had freely given them without it being public knowledge, and Sherlock really wasn’t about to draw Moriarty’s attention if he could avoid it. “Are we agreed?”
Sherlock remained a little subdued throughout the ensuing flurry. Even after the crushed and miserable Matthew Lewis had been taken away—not unkindly—his explanations to Lestrade lacked their usual dazzle. John wondered it Sherlock was skipping his usual post-case euphoria and going straight to the crash. Not without lunch, he decided. “Bombay Palace,” he told the cabbie.
The woman’s jaw dropped in outrage. She turned to the older Queen Mum type beside her, who said, “Well, he is a bit spoilt, dear.”
Sherlock accepted this as John had known he would. “So, three great houses in the county were attacked, all in the same night: yours, Lady Lynde’s--although she’s away, so she wasn’t harmed--”
Mycroft leaned back in his chair and considered him over his fingertips. “I do have some intelligence that your little affair with the Reichenbach painting has rather drawn his attention. Well, it’s drawn everyone’s attention; the way the press is fawning over you these days I’m starting to think you actually enjoy the limelight. But apparently that art theft ring was connected to Moriarty’s network and he’s feeling a bit put out with you.”
“Yes,” James mused. “I was going to ignore it, but then I thought if you wanted to move things up a bit, I might as well accommodate you. I was getting a little bored. Have you come to apologize?”
“I’ve got my appointment with the midwife tomorrow and I’m sure to be put on bed rest; she said as much the last time,” he told them gloomily. “So it’s the least she can do, really. Rather like a last cigarette before the firing squad.”
Fucking lunatic, Agra thought.
John managed to hit about half the tins (“Not bad for your first time”), to the delight of Sherlock, who collected the victims.
“I have to look,” Sherlock said, the words tumbling over each other the way they sometimes did when he was very worked up. “I have to look, and Ryan has to look, and Roz—she can look and not be sick, do you understand? Do you remember, the poem? But I’ve lost the trick. If I look—I need you to stay here, to be whole. To make me well.”
“Enough, I hope.”
to me?” John said incredulously. “Sherlock, I’m on a date!”
be willing to concede that this is one area where you are cleverer than I.”
. He walked as quietly as possible, though his footsteps still seemed loud on the quiet street; far better if he were never noticed at all. As he drew near the guardhouse, he let the pack of cigarettes fall softly to the pavement. Then he went back to his hotel and waited. If his luck was bad, someone else would find the cigarettes first, and hopefully not smoke them whilst driving a bus filled with schoolchildren or directing air traffic at Samarkand’s airport. If his luck was good, the guard would spot them when the sun came up, keep them, and nod off on duty.
“No,” Sherlock whispered, strangled.
“You and Mycroft. Aren’t you? In the time that you come from. I can tell by the way you talk to him that you haven’t just met in the past few days. You went to him, or were steered to him, when you realized you might have played a part in what happened, but he’s the one who pinpointed this particular incident. Patterns.” Sherlock smiled humorlessly. “It’s what we’re good at, after all.”
“No, it’s…” He swallowed. What? The only touch I crave in the world? All I can have of you and never enough? “…good,” Sherlock finished lamely.
Sherlock barely kept himself from flinching. What did John—whose powers of observation were apparently far better than Sherlock had ever credited, in this area at least—think he had learned from one brief instance of grinding against a wall? “I don’t.”
“Yes, let’s avoid that scenario by all means,” Donovan agreed. “What about making
knocking me out of the picture.”
was even more gigantic. The other man, a beta, merely shook Sherlock’s hand and said, “Barret.” He reminded Sherlock a bit of John, the same quiet, compact strength. They were members of the Skye militia. The storm had kept them in Portree, but they had set out this morning planning to double back to check in with the lighthouse in the late afternoon. They were far out to sea when the frantic call came in that soldiers had arrived on the island.
Sherlock downed two drinks in rapid succession and the bartender said sympathetically, “Holiday that bad, huh?”
It didn’t go like that.
“John? Are you okay?”
“Lorry’s clear,” John said, coming up behind him and dropping to his knees. He stuck his gun into his waistband and tore at the plastic tarp. Sherlock grabbed for the jacket of the man groaning at his feet and found a knife, which he fumbled open and passed to John. John slashed the plastic straight down the middle, dropped the knife, and folded forward. He made a sound Sherlock had never heard from him, a horrible, gut-deep howl of anguish.
“There you go, there you go,” soothed John’s voice, and there was a beeping and the familiar burning in his arm, and then thank God it all went away.
“I’m making a tour of the house, checking to see where there might be any weak points,” Captain Watson said. “I’m sorry we didn’t get to your rooms before you came home, but I’ll do my best not to disturb you.”
The grey/possibly-black marketer ran a chemist’s shop in a beta part of town that was sliding out of respectability at a precipitous rate. The man behind the till glanced up with disinterest as John entered, but then straightened so abruptly John heard his spine crack when he saw John’s uniform.
“The plan is that Mycroft is going to send an order for a sniper to be sent to the Middle East. Top secret, undisclosed location, blah blah blah. It’s sure to be Moran. Everything will go through the usual channels and he’ll show up at the airfield tomorrow night to take his super secret plane, as usual. We’ll have everything set up and make the arrest there. Sorry you can’t be there, but we have to be absolutely certain that there’s nothing out of the ordinary to tip him off.”
“You’ll owe me a favor, of course,” Sherlock said without looking up.
Sherlock shook his head, then looked as if he wished he hadn’t. “Just some bruising on my, um, backside. It’s fine.”
“No you didn’t.” Sherlock leaned back, surveying Aimee over the tips of his fingers. “Shall I tell you something else I know? I know that your brother committed industrial espionage four years ago. Oh, he was never charged with anything--not enough evidence--but he was let go quietly and he’s kept his nose clean ever since. I think he told you about it, and he told you who had contacted him in the first place and offered him a big payoff for just lifting a few little drawings. Didn’t he.”
Sherlock nodded, folding up the map, and Angus stood up and said to John, “Let me show you the van.”
and his body’s natural lubricant soaking the bed beneath him. “Oh fuck,” John gasped. Sherlock felt his hot breath shuddering against his check as John pulled out and plunged in again, Sherlock’s body clenching around him. “Fuck, fuck, how are you—“ and Sherlock came again, wailing, back arching as he tried to pull John deeper.
“Of course.”
John rolled his eyes. “Like I ever expected you to help with the shopping.”
The gunshot was so loud that for an instant John thought it was another clap of thunder. Oh Christ, was he shooting blindly around the room? Had he completely lost his mind? It sounded like it. Then Garrison was screaming again, but without words this time, just a long continuous shriek of pain or terror or fury or God knew what. There was a thudding crash and another gunshot. “Sherlock!” John shouted, frantic.
“Well, you’ve made me even more happy I don’t have this case,” Lestrade said. “Can you turn off your phone now? Cause I’d really like to get some sleep. I might actually get a case of my own tomorrow.”
John felt himself stiffen and prayed Sherlock had not noticed. Below him Sherlock’s fingers moved; John knew he shouldn’t look, couldn’t help it.
Mycroft gave him a bare half inch and Sherlock drank gratefully. “It wasn’t your fault,” he said when he’d got his breath back. “Moriarty paid off Charles. Fairly recently, from the sound of it.”
“Then go with her,” Sherlock said.
The boy blinked at him, startled. “What?”
“Absolutely,” Michael said immediately. “I’ll take care of it. I’ll talk to her myself, set the boys up, whatever they want, all right? I’ve got to run, I’m already late and I’ve got to call my sister, but I’ll call you tonight before the game for sure, okay?
James reached out and gripped Sherlock’s chin in his hand, hard. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. In contrast to his squeezing grip his lips were loose, almost flabby, and Sherlock’s immediate impression was of revulsion coupled with a deep curiosity. James opened his eyes and Sherlock quickly closed his own, and then James did it again, this time forcing his smoky tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock jerked back, appalled.
his hips snapped forward almost involuntarily and Sherlock cried out when he came, his whole body stiffening, arse clenching convulsively around John’s cock. I did it, John thought exultantly: I made him come, a
Then I was clean and brave,
Sherlock opened his mouth, paused, shut it again, and sighed. “Is it terrible that I’m glad you aren’t going to leave? It is, isn’t it, because I should want you to be happy. And I’m going away to school myself, although it’s hardly because I want to.”
“Yes, and you’re not making any progress—“ Wait, he’d just said that, hadn’t he? John made his voice snap. “Get over here and open your trousers. You know the drill.”
“I’m sure he did,” John said. They had never spoken of Mr. Brooke or the letter that was never answered. John thought it more likely he had been arrested and was even now in jail or dead, but he would never say so to Sherlock. “He would have gone back to Munich--he knew lots of people there, he’s a good teacher, he surely found a position right away.”
“Getting anywhere?” Sherlock asked when Mycroft stepped out of the interrogation room. He was just doing it to be annoying; he knew perfectly well Anthea had been sitting in serenely stubborn silence for the past few hours.
Beside him John gasped awake, rolling up to kneel over him. His jutting cock was huge, so engorged that in the dim light it seemed the same purple as the sky. Sherlock caught his arm and hauled himself up to his knees as well, so that they faced each other.
much, I suppose…”
“Thank you,” he said softly, and climbed out of the car and closed the door.
John moved back to the stables a week later, the same day a letter from Sherlock arrived. Sherlock detailed the tedium of shopping, the horrors of his new school clothes, and his heartfelt wish that John was fully recovered.
“No,” Sherlock said sharply, “Put it back.”
“How awful,” John said, startled. “Does that happen often?”
“For one very narrow and specific definition of the term, I suppose so, yes.”
“Why do you come here every day then?”
“You have a car?” John said in astonishment.
it isn't a nun. How many headless nuns does one career need? It’s a British Museum guard.”
At the bar he slid the last of his silver over to the bartender, who said out of the corner of his mouth as he pulled the pints, “He was in Monday with some bloke I don’t know. Posh. Didn’t really fit in.”
John jerked away as though he’d been burned.
Mr. Talbert tilted his head. “Remind me, where are you at school?”
John had a terrible sinking feeling now, but there was nothing to be done but to play it out. “Same as always, sir?”
Sebastian leaned forward and fixed Sherlock with his stare. “You have a gorgeous mind,” he said, in a low, tight, voice.
Nor are you the one covered in another man’s semen, Sherlock thought with another hot flash of anger. “And I’m not the one with the lying wife.”
John stretched himself over Sherlock’s back, thinking wryly that Imaginary John must have been quite a bit taller than Real John, and reached for Sherlock’s hands where they were already clutched in the sheets. He laced his fingers over Sherlock’s and rocked shallowly in and out. “You are so beautiful,” he whispered into Sherlock’s pink ear. “Gorgeous. I can’t believe I get to have you like this.” He had to be careful not to slip out, but it felt so good, the head of his cock dragging back and forth over that tightness. He pressed close to Sherlock’s back, pushing him down with his weight, breath coming faster. Sherlock’s fingers clutched his. “You’re fantastic, you’re amazing, I’ve never been with anybody so good. I could come just by looking at you under me. I don’t think I’m going to be able to hold back for long,
John,” Sherlock snapped, curling himself up with his back to Lestrade. “He was busy.”
“I know what it does,” Sherlock cut in. Vecuronum was a paralytic. Injecting it would leave him unable to move, fight, scream, or—most importantly—breathe, but he would be fully conscious for the long minutes it would take him to die.
But John was no longer sure. He loved Em with a fierce, primal passion that was unlike anything he’d ever felt for anyone, and yet… he had the unsettling sensation that he was living the wrong life: that some fundamental mistake had been made, stranding him in this featureless suburban existence of work and nappies, instead of back in Baker Street where he belonged.
Even without the drums, the sense of dread and foreboding came through clearly in the second movement.  John shifted uneasily in the sagging seat, feeling a creep of unease on the back of his neck: the memory of long, long stretches of anxiety-filled boredom. Jesus, Sherlock was good at this. John really hoped there were veterans on the committee that would hear his music.
“Well, unfortunately,” Mycroft said, “he seems to be carrying out his consulting activities elsewhere. The Republic of Ireland considers him an upstanding citizen, a philanthropist, and a pillar of society. We can’t touch him.”
“No, thank you, Phillips,” Sherlock said. He took the box down to the kitchens and presented it to a startled Mrs. Turner, saying, “I know how difficult things have been lately with the tighter rationing.”
“Correct.” Sherlock whipped out a third page. “A white van like this one, which is registered to Wayne Ellis and which he bought, used, six and a half years ago. It’s a model favored by plumbers and electricians. Ellis must be moderately clever to have pulled this off for so long so I assume he has an escape plan in place, and what he needs for that escape is likely stored in the safety deposit box which he has at this bank. I wasn’t able to ascertain if he has a gun.”
Now the other youth looked at him. His eyes were very dark blue, cool as water in his tanned face. “I’m a shepherd. It’s my job to know when something is creeping up from behind.”
“Rubbing your feet. They looked like they hurt earlier.”
“That doesn’t feel anything like a walnut,” Sherlock said, displeased.
John sat up. “Is that…”
“Do you need…”
“There should have been an audit,” Mycroft muttered, frowning at the paper. “I suppose it would have been a simple enough matter to claim that a lesser amount of money had been found in the account and transfer it out, leaving…well, enough to begin on, anyway.”
At the sound of the bell Sherlock looked up instantly, stiffening, his eyes wary before they widened at the sight of John. John was still grinning—he couldn’t help it—and he felt as though everyone in the room was staring at him as he made his way to Sherlock’s table in the back. It seemed to take forever to cross the floor. Sherlock’s eyes never left his face.
“i don’t mind them
Sherlock solved it, of course; he was Sherlock Holmes and he always solved it, but he was nearly as shaken as Lestrade, after.
“You’ve got the app, right? Did you try that? Maybe one of these guys is looking to get lucky.”
Sherlock’s consonants could cut glass. “Do you know who I am?”
“A recurring failure of mankind,” Simon mused, apparently thinking through something aloud. “The miracle is granted us unasked and unearned, like grace itself, but to recognize it—we have to learn that on our own.”
Sherlock darted forward and kissed John’s cheek swiftly. Then he turned and bolted, pushing past Mr. Brooke and running off down the hall.
John broke away again, his breathing harsh and ragged, but Sherlock pulled him back, unable to stop the desperate noise he made. He had a brief flash of what he must look like, swooning in John’s arms, and he struggled to get upright. Closer, he had to get closer. John’s tongue against his, their teeth clashing, the heat of John’s body under his hands, every unfamiliar touch lighting up his overexcited nerve endings until Sherlock felt he would explode from sheer sensation.
