Cas inclined his head slightly. “Dean.”
“Maybe not. But we can figure it out together,” Cas says, with such conviction, and he reaches over to take Dean’s hand.
“You are such a freak about that car.” Claire pulls out her phone and starts typing. “Okay, so look, if we stick to the interstates and stop as little as possible, I bet we can do it in twenty hours.
She pauses, fiddling with the string of the hoodie she’s wearing. “What happened to my parents, it’s not — not
He closes his eyes. He doesn’t want to look at the Empty wearing Dean’s face anymore, twisted into that expression of contempt.
Cas’ eyes were sad. They always were, a little, but especially right now, and Dean just wished he could take that away, that Cas would say
“You will figure it out,” he tells her. “You don’t have to know right away.”
Everything is blurring around him, and he tries to remember that this isn’t real. He feels it slipping, feels himself being drawn further into the illusion.
“No, man, I don’t think you’re not capable. It’s just not what I pictured. That’s all.”
She sounds convinced in her words, and he can picture her speeding down the highway, wind in her hair. Free as a bird. So many songs about that have played from the tape deck of the Impala, songs about the freedom of the open road.
“Of course,” Cas said quietly, and that was it. “Time to go, Jack,” he said. He helped Jack into the passenger seat, and then got into the truck himself, carefully adjusted his mirrors. He looked back at Dean for a moment and raised his hand, a faint gesture of a goodbye. Once he started to pull away, Jack started waving too, and kept waving the whole way down the driveway, and Dean could see his mouth moving soundlessly through the window of the truck, forming the word
a law enforcement person.”
“That’s alright,” Cas said calmly. “I just want you to be safe.”
Jody sighs. “Right. I hope so.”
And if he just asked — if he asked, of course, Dean would give it to him.
Cas looked away from him, hands in the pockets of his coat. He was wearing it over a blue, cable-knit sweater that made him look like some kind of fisherman-slash-professor, and his hair was a little ruffled, like it always had been back when they first met, all those years ago. He looked profoundly human.
The song has changed — another song about Heaven and angels. They are such common motifs in music about love, Cas thinks. It’s not right — an angel is a poor choice for an object of romantic affection, and there is no love in Heaven like the love on Earth. The music on Earth is not like the resonance of celestial spheres. It is more beautiful.
He rolls up his sleeve, and Dean opens his arms in a position like surrender. He gives Cas a challenging look, eyebrows raised, almost smirking. Cas swallows hard.
Dean feels a tremor of something that’s both dread and anticipation run down his spine when he hears Cas’ voice, and he’s not even the one
know, that he would do it.
She tells him — her voice sounds like she’s trying hard to keep it steady, but she might be on the verge of tears. Dean thinks about what he would have been doing in bars at her age and the kind of trouble he was getting into, and he hopes Claire is at least a little smarter than he was.
Sam sighs. “You gotta stop calling women
“You think so?” he says.
He’s killed enough that some essential part of him should be dead too, should be burned away. But still he knows Dean Winchester when he sees him again. Cas would know him anywhere. And Dean, the real Dean, he can’t hurt.
“Yeah,” Sam had said, sounding just as in shock as Dean still was. “I guess it does.”
Cas smiled. He was quiet for a moment. “Sam told me he would help me look at real estate listings online” he said.
. It doesn’t seem possible, this concept in relationship to himself. Angels do not experience happiness. Angels do not experience emotions. Happiness is a human concept, and Castiel cannot conceive of what could possibly have made him feel
He reaches out and touches Cas’ shoulder, just for a moment, and he’s gone again.
“And I didn’t save you,” Dean says. “I was gonna save you, Cas. I promised myself, I promised I would pull you outta there if it’s the last goddamn thing I did. ‘Cause you don’t deserve that. You don’t deserve to die for doing a stupid thing like loving me. And I didn’t get you back.”
“It’s our family!” Jack says, delighted, brandishing his clumsy, childish drawing. There are five figures in the picture; one with long blonde hair which is clearly Mary, two somewhat generic stick figures — the taller is presumably Sam, the other Dean — a smaller one meant to represent Jack, and Cas, complete with his tie and scribbled, brightly colored wings.
It takes him a few moments of pacing around the front yard, but he manages to do it. He knocks on the green front door.
“Hi, Claire! Are you going to come with Dean when he comes to visit?”
It’s quiet, calm, no other cars on the road, and Cas feels oddly pleased by that, the idea that the two of them are completely alone. He watches Dean out of the corner of his eye. The radio is playing a song about Heaven.
“I gotta go,” Dean says, and he slaps a few bills down on the bar and he goes.
Cas follows Dean back to the car, sitting in the passenger seat. “I’m sorry,” Dean says, not making a move to begin driving. He doesn’t sound terribly remorseful. There is a song about long American highways playing through the car’s speakers. “I should’ve given you a little bit more instruction before throwing you off the deep end like that.”
It’s tentative, nothing like a climatic kiss at the end of a movie, which is Cas’ only real frame of reference for how he has wanted this to happen — and he has
“You think that’s what I want?” Dean says. He’s aware that he’s raising his voice, and tries to lower it, and up doing something like hissing into the phone. “For you to tell me — for you to say that, and then I never see you again?”
Cas nods. “You’re here,” he says, dazed. “You came looking for me.”
There is another moment of still and silence, but Cas breaks it quickly.
weirder than a kid trying to illustrate to you with Legos what exactly he’d done to Heaven and Hell. Dean didn’t fully get it, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to, but the point was they were well and truly separate from this plane of reality now. There wasn’t going to be any crossing between them.
Eventually, he finds the block Claire mentioned, and of course there’s nowhere to fucking park. There’s absolutely no way anyone could maneuver a real car into the tiny spaces these people leave between their little sedans. It’s okay, Dean tells himself, he’ll just have to drive around the block and see if he can find Claire —
For a moment, he can almost hear Bobby’s voice in his head.
He doesn’t want to wait until they’re back in the Impala. He shuffles closer to Dean in the vinyl booth seat they’re sharing and puts his head on Dean’s shoulder.
It’s not an unimpressive little speech, Dean thinks, although he hardly knew what he was saying for half of it, too busy suppressing the fight-or-flight urge to run. And as soon as he’s finished it, Cas stands up in one quick, fluid motion, chair scraping roughly across the floor as he pushes it aside.
“Yeah, he is,” Cas agrees. There’s a moment of silence, and then he resumes his narration in the same calm voice. “Anyway, after the science museum we went to dinner. We had pizza. I like olives, Dean.”
“Are you happy, Cas?” he asks. He doesn’t think about it before he says it. It just suddenly seems urgently important to know.
Sam had flatly turned down the idea of coming along with Dean on the trip. He’d seemed offended that Dean had even asked.
“Sammy,” Dean says, “you gonna marry that girl?”
Cas said
Her eyebrows shoot up in surprise immediately, and for a moment Dean waits for her reaction, almost expecting her to snap at him — but she breaks into a wide smile. “Wow,” she says, arranging it almost immediately into something like a scoff. “You finally got it together, huh?”
““You didn’t have to come looking for me,” Cas says. “I can’t leave the Empty this time. I chose that, Dean. It’s alright.”
Later, he understands. Doubt is a difficult thing to speak aloud. It gets under your skin of quickly, changing you completely while you are still afraid to speak it aloud. And then it is only a matter of time until you fall.
“Who hit you?” he demands.
to him. “Hello, Claire,” Cas’ voice says. Claire has obviously put him on speaker. “How is the trip going?”
“I’ll do that,” Cas says. “Dean, Jack is asking who I’m talking to. Do you want to say hello?”
Eventually, he falls into a fitful sleep, and dreams of dancing, swaying to distant music, surrounded by angels’ wings.
God. Dean grips the edge of the sink, trying to steady himself. Cas must be so pissed at him for this. Or worse, just —
“I don’t know, man. With Jack — I’m not good at just knowing the right thing to say to him like you are.”
He wonders, if Cas had kissed him in Purgatory, if he would have let him.
“Yeah, well.” Dean looked down at his shoes. “Jack did the hard part,”
“Well, kid, what’s the verdict?” Dean says.
If he’d ever bothered to picture what he would be doing at age forty, this is probably exactly the kind of thing he would come up with: waitresses wearing cowboy boots who are way too young for him. But there’s nothing really appealing about it now. Even if he was alone, Dean thinks, he probably wouldn’t be trying anything with her. It’s just that — well, it all started to feel a little bit pointless, after a while.
“He’ll make friends,” Dean says. “He’s great.”
With that, she turns on her heel again and strides through the doors of the hotel without a look back, and Dean just stands there, unable to think of a single word to say in response.
“No, that’s not right,” Jack said. “Castiel made a deal with the Empty. It wasn’t going to take him, not yet.”
It was stupid, a kid’s fantasy, and Sam doesn’t want that — and apparently, Cas doesn’t either, or not in the same way.
“Yeah, you sure did. What did you — um. What did you think?”
And then he sees her, springing to her feet from where she’d been sitting on the curb. There’s blood on her face.
, the child Cas had given up so much for, and still Cas had — Dean couldn’t think it.
“Well,” Claire says, nonchalant, “I thought you were going to patch things up with the guy you’re in love with, or whatever.”
“Dude, you’re rambling,” Claire says.
“Did you, uh, make any friends yet?” Dean says, awkwardly. They’ve been allowed to pull out of the parking lot by now. It’s a short drive back to the house, only a couple minutes, but Cas apparently doesn’t like Jack to take the bus. Dean gets it; he probably doesn’t want to let the kid out of his sight anymore than he has to.
“You’ll stay?” Cas asks him, and then, as if he’s correcting himself, “We’ll both stay.”
“I watched over you, you know,” Cas said abruptly. “When you were in Indiana with Lisa.”
“Right.” Dean clears his throat, wishing he had another beer. “People like us, we’re not meant to get out of the life.”
. “I know,” he says.
Dean swallowed hard around the bitter taste in his throat, mixed with sweetness clinging to his dry mouth. “Yeah,” he said. Getting up, he stumbled toward the sink for a drink of water. “You’re right. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah. For the time being.”
But how can he know, when he’s never seen it? What would it be like, the two of them? There was no space for it, across all the years they’ve known each other. It wouldn’t have fit; try to get something as tender as the words Cas had said into their lives and you’d just scrape it and tear it on all the rough edges.
But there’s something else there too, something that wasn’t there the last time Cas touched Dean’s soul, seared as deep into it as anything. And that’s a kind of love Cas has only felt before from the inside, and as it washes over him, he knows. He knows it belongs to him.
The feeling washes over him, and he tries to process it, to hold this new knowledge without it overwhelming him. It’s hidden so deep and guarded so well that Cas could never have seen it any other way than this direct touch.
Cas, graceless, wasn’t all that much different. He hovered around corners of the bunker and appeared suddenly and soundlessly in rooms the same way he always had. In the mornings, he drank coffee and made faces at the bitter taste, and he ate ravenously, the way Dean supposed you would if you hadn’t really tasted food in years. Sam took him shopping for other clothes and he came back with sweaters and jeans, which looked strange on him, but he almost always still wore the trenchcoat. “At this point, I wouldn’t feel right without it,” he said.
It doesn’t last long, though, not long enough, before Cas wrenches back and looks at him, still holding on by the shirt collar. Whatever he sees in Dean’s face, he makes a soft, destroyed noise and Dean steps forward, closer. No personal space.
He gave Dean this sad little smile, like it hurt him to think of it but he didn’t want Dean to feel sorry for him. Like he was saying,
Jack didn’t speak to Dean again for three days. The bunker was eerily silent during that whole time. It seemed like it echoed when anyone spoke, and Sam was the only one who spoke very often. Dean could tell Sam was on the verge of losing it, too — thinking of Eileen, probably, and everyone else who was gone. Sam could always pull it together, though, put on a brave face and talk in terms of practicalities. Dean found he could barely muster anything to say back. He could only think about Cas, and he couldn’t talk about that. Jack hardly left his room at all.
It's Dean's turn to melt with relief. "Good — that's good."
Sam has the audacity to slump into himself, full-on wounded-puppy mode. So Dean rolls his eyes and waves him over.
He turns around, away from the stupidest temptation of his life, and demands sleep come.
When they part, Dean schools his face into neutrality, his body tenses. He runs his hand through his hair once more, trailing down until he holds Cas' face firm.
He scoots back in place, flushed firm against the cushion. Their hands tangle together, and their knees are touching, and it's too much and not enough. But mostly not enough. Dean dares a glance over. Cas is staring at their hands, a pleased smile on his face.
and any thoughts of tomorrow, any reservation he should have, leaves.
He shakes his head and laughs, looks over to Sam, then the sky, and laughs again. Obviously Cas isn't the only one who thinks it's all a little crazy. "Hey, Cas."
It's small, swallowed whole by the thick yellow clothes Sam has it in. It yawns, puppy-like, and fixes his wide eyes on Dean.
But Cas didn't come back.
Sam shakes his head. Sighs. "Whatever. Who was that?"
It's not fair. None of this is fair. They used to have more allies. Friends. Something they could fall back on after so long of having nothing, but none of it even lasts. Like the universe has decided The Sam and Dean Adventure just ain't multiplayer.
He shakes his head, and the tips of their noses brush. "I love you more than I know what to do with. You know that right?"
Then Dean kisses him. Tentative, soft. Like Cas might break.
Sam, on the other hand, may as well be ogling.
"It's — it's
The door juts open with a creak, and whatever course of action he might've tried to take vanishes.
And it's what he deserves. An average life in all it's forged beauty. Not a string of disasters.
Neck warm and mind blank, he offered to help Cas do it right without thinking.
"She can — she can be there for you too," Dean says. "If you need it. Dogs are great listeners. Even the Madonna types like this one."
His mind blanks. Turns to complete static — a jumble of half-formed thoughts about every reason he ever told himself not to.
"Cas."
"Hey Dean."
"Dean, look at me."
"I think today proves you can do anything."
She nuzzles his hand, sticks her nose against the brush, and a little bit of the stress from today lightens up.
Dean looks at the food. Pork lathered in dark brown graveyard with a mountain of buttery mashed potatoes. There's a pile of carrots on Sam's plate. Dean opted out.
has a name." Sam drops his arms to his sides. "Jack. Kelly made videos on her laptop for him."
He wipes his face off with the collar of his shirt. His skull screams in sharp pain, and his temples thud. And normally this would be too long of a pause, but normally you don't start a voicemail off trying not to sob, and normally they're made for people who can actually listen to them. So whatever.
is gone, and there's nothing
There must've been a
Deep breath.
It’s Cas and it cant be. It can’t be real — none of this is real. His eyes prickle. They're hot with tears but feel barren and dry. Every muscle is locked in place, half tingled and numb, and he can’t breathe.
"We're going home. Welcome to the joys of parenthood. Here’s to hoping it doesn't kill us during puberty."
Feeble limbs shift against Dean's chest, and the baby wails. Some distant corner of his mind says
On the way back home, Sam clears his throat. Dean grips the wheel a little tighter.
After a moment, Cas falls limp, nested into Dean's side.
Sam's a well-meaning kid. He really is. But sometimes he just needs to can it.
And yes, he loves Sam. And Jack is his son, their son, and he'd die for him. Die for any of them.
"S'okay. Gonna —" he swallows hard. Tries to shove away the distinct pin-prick in his tear ducts that always means he needs to man the hell up. "Gonna get you to a bed, okay?"
Light glistens off the table's glossy finish. Glints against the discarded keyring Sam somehow remembered to salvage. Carefully, he skims the tips of his fingers over the cool surface, and dread sits like a rock in his stomach. It was warm, right after. But the air has long since leeched any heat Cas left behind.
"Me too, but we're going to win this. And we're all gonna get out. You're going to, cause I—" his voice breaks off. He takes a deep breath, crushes Cas against him, slotted hard under his chin. "I won’t lose you again. I can't. So just trust me on that, okay?"
Dean's hand moves to his waist, and he surges forward, haphazard and messy. Dean takes it with a grunt and a fleeting smile Cas can only feel.
He takes a deep breath and focuses on the gentle thud of Cas' heart against his palm.
Sam gives him one last pat and he’s gone. The door squeaks when he goes in the house.
God, he should be here now.
Dean's tongue darts out, west his mouth. "Then tell me."
Dean trails his hand from his forehead to the flushed pillow of his cheeks. The other knuckles roughly at his eyes and comes back wet.
Dean lays Cas on top of the bunched up blanket. Once he's down, Dean slowly works the trencoast and suit jacket off, his hands careful as they trail across the thin cotton of his shirt.
And it took more effort than he will ever admit to walk out of the kitchen without clocking his brother in the goddamn jaw.
Somewhere in the distance there are other voices calling out, the faint sounds of angels and demons screaming in their sleep. The Empty looks annoyed by it, and Cas feels a ghost of pride that Jack has made it impossible for the Empty to sleep peacefully.
“No,” she said. “No, they don’t tell me much more than they tell you.”
Dean — or is it Dean? Something wearing Dean’s face — looks pained by the words, like they’re an insult. “Cas,” he says. “Can you hear me, man? This isn’t real. I need to you to believe me when I say — this isn’t real. But it’s me.”
The numbness that usually overtakes him when he drinks is there, the best medicine he’s ever had for sorrow, guilt, regret. But this gets through it, or maybe it’s just less effective than it used to be. This he can’t numb out completely.
“Well,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “It sounds like you’ll just have to live.”
“He couldn’t come with me,” Dean says, enigmatically. “Cas, listen —“
“No,” he says. “No, there’s no emergency or anything like that. I just.” He takes a deep breath. “You were right. I have a family that needs me.”
She’s right, of course. Sam doesn’t want him around, and he’s not there for Cas or for Jack, and now he can’t even do the right thing for Claire, this kid who isn’t Cas’ but who has Cas’ eyes, and who reminds him too much of himself.
He watched the humans again, afterward, watched a pair of sisters gesturing frantically to each other as they tried to understand one another’s languages. Back then, Castiel did not
. I can’t even imagine it. But I don’t think she knows what it was like for me, thinking she was dead.”
There’s a brief pause. “Yes, actually,” Cas says. “I knew the angel who designed it. I actually intended to go there with her, once. She found me on Earth when the angels fell.”
, boy.”
“That’s not right,” Cas says. “That isn’t what he’d say.”
As for the afterlife, Jack had tried to explain it to Dean, and there was
He’s been putting it off for long enough, since before he got here, and he doesn’t exactly know why. Maybe it’s some petty reluctance not to want to admit to Sam that he was right all along about what Dean should’ve been doing. Maybe it’s just that this whole thing has felt so removed from the way he lived the rest of his life, and talking to Sam, the person who lived that life along with him, reminds him — this is a very un-Winchester thing, that he’s doing.
Still feeling sick and shaky, he stumbles his way out back into the main room, where he rummages through his suitcase to find a toothbrush, toothpaste, and ibuprofen pills, which he swallows dry before making his way back to the bathroom. He hasn’t turned on any of the lights, but he flicks one on in the bathroom, hoping it might make him feel less miserable.
For the first few weeks after they’d all gone back to the bunker, Dean and Cas had barely talked.
“Sure,” Dean says. “You’re right.”
“And?” Claire says disinterestedly, glancing over at him. “She die, or…?”
“You won’t be,” Cas says sincerely, so easily believing it. “Not if that isn’t what you want.”
“You know something?” Claire says, and whips around to look at him. Her eyes are flashing with anger —
“It’s just not the right place for me to be,” Dean said finally. “But I’m gonna visit, okay? All the time.”
“What do
“No,” Dean says. “I just... didn’t see her again. I didn’t call. And the next time I looked her up, she has this great career, and she’s gotten married.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said finally. He and Jack still weren’t looking at each other. “I hope he does. I hope so.”
“You never told me that,” Dean says.
“Claire, too, practically,” Sam says. “Same as we were Bobby’s.”
“I meant it,” Dean says. “Don’t tell me you don’t remember or you don’t know what I meant.” He unwinds one hand from around his mug and then, when Cas doesn’t move at all, curls it back in on itself, fingernails cutting into his skin. “I remembered the next morning. I know I did it the wrong way. But I drove all night — well, me and Claire drove. To see you. Because I couldn’t stand talking to you on the phone again. I just wanted to look at you, I guess.”
“Okay. Yeah, okay, I can do that.”
Cas takes a sip. “This is not good coffee,” he proclaims, and Dean laughs.
“That could have been a lot worse,” he tells her.
He stands frozen to the spot as Dean looks back to him, raising an eyebrow in acknowledgment. While Ben and Lisa appear to notice nothing, he stands up and walks over to Cas. “Hey,” Dean says. “Don’t teleport away, okay?”
“Yes.” Cas pushes aside the coffee. “I can sleep.”
Sam isn’t there, Cas realizes, looking over his shoulder. He should remember the reason for that. Is Sam in danger? Cas should be doing something about it, if he is. He shouldn’t enjoy being here, in the passengers’ seat, if Sam isn’t safe. It’s his job to keep both of the Winchesters safe.
He knocked on Cas’ door at the bunker, regretting it almost immediately not talking to him in a more public place when Cas called out, “Come in.” Tentatively, Dean opened the door.
instead of some celestial warrior.
Dean can’t have laughing a little, startled. “Yeah,” he says. It’s not all that hard to say, when it comes down to that. At least not to Jack. “But you too, kid.” Jack’s mouth twitches in surprise, like he doesn’t quite believe it. “I was scared, and I’m sorry.” His voice catches in his throat, just a little. “I’m sorry. You’re family, Jack, and I can’t promise I’m always gonna know what to say, or do the right thing. But I want to be around.”
“They’re weak,” the serpent said to the angel of Thursday. He was trying to turn as many to his side as he could. Castiel was nothing special among the angels, nothing extraordinary, but still, he was the guardian of one of the seven days, and that counted for something in a power struggle. “They’re already defying His will, and still He loves them more than He loves us. Doesn’t that bother you?”
“I think it would be better, though,” Jack said  hesitantly, “if you and Sam came with us.” He paused for a second, then rushed on too quickly for Dean to response. “Castiel says that just because you’re family doesn’t mean you always stay together, but now that you’re not going to be hunters anymore — I mean —“
Jack nodded slowly. “Okay, Dean,” he said. “I believe you.”
“Breakfast for dinner,” Dean said. “Always makes you feel better.”
Claire’s still looking at him like he’s she’s trying to figure out exactly what is possessing him and what it’s done with Dean Winchester. He almost offers to do an iron and holy water test, but figures Claire might not take it so well.
Then he realizes Dean isn’t shooting. He’s looking at Castiel with a strange expression, almost as if he’s seen him before. Maybe, Castiel thinks, Dean does recognize his grace after all.
He should ask Cas about that. He should say,
“Uh, space cadet,” Dean says. “What’re you thinking about?”
be gone.”
“That was better than saying it,” Cas says. “That was — I’m very happy.”
She perks up, interested. “Fairies? I thought no one had ever seen them.”
“Whatever,” Claire mutters. “I’ll figure it out eventually.”
He lets himself gaze at Dean — it’s safe like this, when he can’t be seen. He grants himself the privilege of watching the smallest changes of expression on Dean’s face without having to look away, the movements of his eyelashes, the way his head tips back when he laughs.
To Dean, Cas has always looked sort of — vulnerable, even when Dean knew he wasn’t. It’s something about how open Cas’ face always was, how wide his eyes were.
“What should I say to Jack?” Dean says. “When I see him. I mean, I don’t wanna freak him out, it’s a lot of changes…”
It’s bad enough how Cas looks at him sometimes with all that trust in his eyes, bad enough how much he knows Cas believes in him. Jack is a kid, and when you’re a kid your parents are your whole world. You don’t know enough to judge if what they’re doing is wrong.
But other than that, Dean thinks, he’s doing okay.
He can do this. He’s faced down monsters, and demons, and God. He can knock on Cas’ door and tell him exactly what he came here to say.
But he thinks about all the people out there who are safe now — Sam and Eileen, Donna, Jody and the girls, Garth and his family, Cas and Jack. People who’ve suffered, who’ve given up a lot, and who don’t have to do it anymore. It’s going to be better, now that they can leave the world they’ve lived in, even if Dean doesn’t know how to live anywhere else.
“Heads up,” Claire says, and tosses him one of the grease-stained paper bags of food. “What the hell are you watching?”
Cas avoided Dean just as much as Dean avoided him. He hadn’t repeated what he’d said that night. He hardly said two sentences to Dean together, until one night when he came out to the garage while Dean was fiddling with an ancient transmission and said, “I’ve been looking into the best schools for Jack.”
Her precision is exquisite. There is only ever one target, repeated again and again until the strike of his blade becomes automatic. Castiel is a solider and Dean is not so much a member of an opposing army as a fortress, the walls protecting Castiel’s own weakness. Harboring what would, if he were human, be called his sin.
There’s something mesmerizing about it, the way he speaks. Castiel finds that he believes Dean Winchester, when he says there is something he doesn’t remember. “I can try,” he says, and closes his eyes.
“Yeah, we get to present them on Thursday,” Jack says. He doesn’t offer any more information on that.
There’s a moment’s long pause, and Claire’s eyes flick to him, her eyebrows raised.
Dean still remembers how thrilling that kind of thing seemed, back then, and how it took their dad about fifteen minutes to establish that the thing in Room 213 wasn’t a ghost, just an elderly long-term resident who hoarded old newspapers.
The story goes that a couple who carve their initials into the tree will lead a charmed life together. Not anything like Cupid magic, according to the little entry on this bit of magic written in the journal of one of the Midwest’s great hunters, passed down through generations of Winchesters to come. Nothing that interferes with free will. Just a little luck, a little safety, a little easier road.
She shrugs. “Everyone’s different, I guess. You gotta find what works for you. I just think — humans are nomadic people, you know? Not meant to stay in one place too long.”
When Castiel pulled Dean out of Hell all those years ago, he healed decades worth of wear and tear, breaks and bruises. He was careful and precise, and he rebuilt the man he had rescued in the best condition he could manage. The touch of grace was left in every cell of Dean Winchester’s body, washing away the accumulated damage of a life on the road, of fighting and drinking and sleeping at odd angles in cars. It was only what he had been ordered to do, but Cas thinks now that it was perhaps his first act of love.
, he thinks, almost like a prayer, though he knows that Cas can’t hear it.
“Wait, Claire,” Dean says. “I — look, I know you wanted to go to California—“
“Hello,” Cas blearily says when he picks up the phone, and that’s when Dean remembers that it’s much later in the Midwest, and Cas needs to sleep now. He feels so bad about forgetting this that he considers just hanging up the phone.
“I don’t think you need to worry about that,” Cas says. “He’ll be very happy to see you.”
Claire seems to have mostly lost interest in the conversation. She’s looking at the TV, which has moved on to a program about the giant squid. Dean decides he doesn’t want to risk asking who created those.
“Claire,” he says, “you can’t do that kind of thing. I’m — I know you’re an adult, but I told Jody I was going to keep an eye on you and keep you from getting hurt, and I can’t do that if you’re going out picking fights, okay?”
“I’m going to ask you about something you probably don’t want to talk about,” Dean says, “so, you know, just tell me to shut the hell up if you don’t want to hear it.”
He doesn’t go down to the hotel’s lobby for breakfast that morning. He stays in his room, doing nothing much except pacing and thinking, until Claire calls him. “Hey,” she says. “Are you coming down? Checkout’s in five, we should go.”
Claire’s face immediately changes from smug to horrified. “Ew,
Cas can’t stop looking at him, but there’s nothing he can say that seems adequate. “You came here, where no human has ever been, for me.”
“It was?” Cas tries to remember, tries to envision what might happen after this. It isn’t difficult to believe this is an illusion — there is clearly something off about it — but what Dean’s saying can’t be true, it doesn’t make sense.
. Songs that would be sad as hell if you played them in a minor key.
She pulls out a magazine she picked up at some convenience store and starts flipping through it, not waiting for a response.
That wasn’t disobedience either. Not in the truest sense. The real kind of disobedience would come much, much later.
“Don’t move,” Cas says, pressing Dean’s hand to his cheek, when Dean looks at him in alarm. “Let me finish this.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t go,” Dean said. “I mean — we could go somewhere, before you do this whole little pink houses settling down routine. A road trip. There’s plenty of the country Jack hasn’t seen.”
In his hotel room that night, Dean thinks about Rexford.
“Yes.” Dean takes a few steps toward him, cautiously. “Cas, this isn’t real.  This is — we’re in the Empty.”
, and it feels impossible to do.
“If I give up the rest of it,” he says slowly, “if I were not an angel anymore — the Empty couldn’t keep me here.”
“Oh, was that a pop culture reference?” Cas says innocently. Happiness is so warm, heating his human body from the inside out, and Dean gives him a kiss that makes them both laugh.
Jack — this younger, more human Jack — prints his name carefully in the corner of the drawing and hands it back to Cas, waiting for his approval.
They look at one another for a moment. There is this great unspoken thing between them, a kind of energy that will break eventually, but Cas isn’t afraid of it. He thinks Dean might still be, a little, but he isn’t looking away.
“It was easy to do,” Jack said, a little defensively. “It wasn’t anything bad. I just think people should have more of a chance to do the right thing.”
“Uh, yeah. Cassie Robinson. Why?”
Is it because of Chuck that he never did anything he wonders, or is it just because he was a coward? And anyway, which is worse?
“I’m sorry, Jack,” he said. “I’m so — I’m so sorry.”
In an earlier life, it had meant nothing to him — the crunch of a broken bone, the spray of blood from a puncture wound. He had never understood the attachment to the physical form. For angels, even if it was impolite to say so explicitly, humans were divided into two categories: those who would be better off in Heaven, and those who deserved the punishment they would receive in Hell.
? No, Cas, when have you ever done that? That’s the last thing I expect you to do.”
She slides into the seat. “Can I buy you a drink?” she says. “I’m celebrating something.”
He looks at his bag on the bed, filled with interchangeable clothes and a few other unremarkable possessions. He looks at the keychain dangling from his keys, with its smiling little alien figures. And he makes up his mind.
Dean feels unbidden anger rising in his throat, bitter in a way he can’t explain. “So that’s it, then, it’s my responsibility? I don’t get a say in that?”
Their waitress sidles up to the table in boots and a hat and gives them that smile that Dean’s seen about a thousand times before. “Heya,” she says, in what may or may be a fake Southern accent. “Can I get y’all something to drink? Maybe start you off with a couple of cocktails?”
“Good. That’s good.” He hesitates for a moment, fiddling with the string tassels on one of Cas’ tasteful, carefully lined-up placemats. “You call me if you need anything, alright?”
Dean shrugs. “I guess. I mean, a lot of people have… similar sounding names.”
“Cas?” Dean says hesitantly. “I know it’s hard, man, but I need —“ His voice is breaking, Castiel realizes, fascinated. “I
Castiel falls from grace a final time without much ceremony. The remains of his angelic energy burn away from him, and in its wake there is only a human soul that was never meant to be there, one that has been crowding out his angelic grace for years.
“I’m still adjusting,” Cas said. “Obviously there are things that are… difficult. But on the whole — I’ve thought of this body as mine for a while. It feels like the right place to be.”
Claire snorts. “What am I, a Make-A-Wish kid?”
“Yes,” Cas says. His hands are folded on the table across from Dean, perfectly still. “He has a presentation today on the Gila monster.”
A few years ago, Sam would’ve said something about how it wasn’t too late for Dean to settle down, get married, have a couple of rugrats. He would’ve been half-joking, because they knew it’d never happen, half-sincere, because he always wanted to goad Dean into talking about things like that. “Come on,” Sam says now. “You know that isn’t true. Jack’s a Winchester.”
“Well, I just thought there would be something,” Dean says. His voice is rough, a sudden outburst of emotion that sounds almost angry. “I don’t
long, and neither of us really wants kids of our own or anything, I don’t know if we’re gonna get
And yeah, of course, Dean
Dean looks alarmed. “About what?”
After that, Castiel doesn’t know that he’s dreaming at all.
“Hey,” Sam says when Dean makes that joke over the phone, after he explains everything. “We’ve the ones who decide what being a Winchester means now, I think.”
He says it with a little sadness, as if Dean doesn’t know, as if that’s not something Dean feels guilty about all the time, dragging Sam away from that life. And what did it ever get them, really? It would’ve broken Chuck’s plans right at the first hurdle if Dean had never gone to Stanford to pull his kid brother back into the family business. God, Sam was so young back then.
“It’s alright with who?” Dean demands. “Not with me. I don’t remember getting a vote on that. In fact, Cas, I don’t remember you telling me a damn thing about it.”
Jack looks at him directly, eyes bright and clear with understanding. “Because you love Cas,” he says.
Claire’s looking away from the TV again, sitting up. “Uh, yep,” Dean says. “She’s here with me.”
. Cas tries to process it, to wrap his mind around the idea of a universe without its creator. This has been their mission for some time, of course, but perhaps deep down he never believed he would live to see it. What is an angel, in a universe without God?
“I mean you traded your
When Cas and Jack left the following day, Dean and Sam stood in the driveway to see them off. It reminded Dean of the day Sam had left for Stanford: there was no screaming match like the one for the ages Sam had with their father, but there was that same sense of finality.
“It’s true. I couldn’t see past it, couldn’t think about anything else but Chuck controlling me,” he says. “And I did exactly what he always wanted. I got angry and I pushed people away. And you, Cas —“ Dean’s distantly award that he’s breathing harder now, like he’s been running. “You left me, man. You told me those things and you just left, and then before I could even think…” He makes a slashing gesture in the air with his hand, wildly. “Just like that you’re back!”
, but losing Kaia shattered Claire, and she just got her back. Whatever happened between them, it just doesn’t seem right. Claire hasn’t even brought her up since they’ve been on the road.
Dean clears his throat, makes himself look over at Jack. He’s not quite meeting his eye, looking at a point right over his head so that he doesn’t tear up. “But I realized, these past few weeks, that I don’t… I can’t do that anymore. Obviously. But it’s more than that. I don’t want to.”
A moment of silence, another heartbeat. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“We went to Science City,” Cas says. “Are you familiar with it?”
Cas doesn’t deserve the way Dean looks at him, the trust he has. But maybe one day he could be worthy of it again.
Dean takes a deep breath, and Cas, on impulse, kisses the back of his hand again. Dean smiles at him, looking relieved, that seems to give him something he needs to say it.
Dean grins at him, ducking his head a little like like he does when he’s embarrassed. One of his hands finds Cas’ again and he winds their fingers together.
. Once they’ve picked a motel for the night, he sends Claire out to get dinner from a Mexican place down the street and calls Jody.
He’s expecting, at best, another eyeroll, but he gets a look of embarrassment instead, her eyes downcast. “I know,” she says.
. Like, if you could be anyone, and use any name you wanted, that’s what you go with?” She shakes her head. “And he spent all of his time writing books about
There was no flash of light, no crack of thunder. One moment Jack was standing there looking the way he always had, and the next moment — the next moment there was a child standing in his place, a skinny kid with a floppy, uneven haircut who was maybe ten years old.
“I don’t know,” Dean says honestly. “I just know that I missed you so goddamn much. Both of you. And if you — Cas, if you think that I’m, all the things you said about me. Then I can try to be those things. I can.”
One of the first things Castiel does remember is the Tower of Babel. He had existed some time before that, but through the years of heavenly interference, most of the memories didn’t stick.
“Claire,” he says as soon as she throws open the door and flings herself into the passenger seat. “What the hell happened?”
Dean wakes up in the morning with the worst hangover of his life.
He hasn’t started the car yet, and he’s looking at Cas from the driver’s seat, waiting on an answer. It’s easy to lean across that small space and kiss him on the mouth, the way humans do when they want someone very badly.
Now, though, he gets to wonder about that like he does about everything else, wonder how much of it was just Chuck’s plan. Did Chuck write him going to Lisa and Ben, or leaving them, or both? Was it just a little tragedy that was fun for him to play out?
Dean thinks about what Jody said. Half a dozen times, he almost opens his mouth to ask Claire how she’s doing, what happened between her and Kaia. But he just can’t bring himself to do it. Maybe whatever she’s looking for out here, he should just let her have it, not disturb that peace. Sam’s asked him how he was doing practically every day for the last dozen years, and it’s never once made him talk any sooner.
There is pain and anger written into it, of course, and sorrow, so much of that. All that is engraved deeply into Dean’s soul. But there is more, has always been more, of love. Love for his family and love in a more general sense, for people he will only see once or who he will never meet but who he wants dearly to keep safe, which is a kind of love all its own.
“Where’s Castiel?” Jack said.
“Melissa. And what’s your occasion?” Dean can’t quite place her accent — something from up east. “Forgive me, but you look like you and I might be going through something similar.”
His eyes are wet with tears; Cas wipes one of them away with the pad of his thumb, and it feels like a miracle in itself that Dean lets him.
Claire shakes her head. She’s got her hair, unevenly cut, hidden under a ball cap. The bandages have come off her tattoo, visible with the short-sleeved shirt she’s wearing: a grigori sword. Dean doesn’t remark on it.
Cas was quiet for a moment, considering. “Alright,” he said. “I can accept that.”
“You talk to him lately?” Claire asks.
“That’d be helpful,” Sam agreed.
“Okay,” Dean said after another moment of silence. “Okay.” He stood up and said something vague to Cas about letting Dean know if he needed any help packing, and he left, and he thought all that night about Cas’ sad, sad eyes.
But when Claire comes back with tacos and chips and queso, looking triumphant and happy to be there in this little roadside motel with him, and — it makes him think about Jack, and how happy he’d been when Dean let him drive the Impala, and that wasn’t something he wanted to dwell on, right now.
not to think about it.” She shakes her head like she’s flicking the thought away. “It’s like I said. Cas is his own person or whatever. It
this time. Finality was something Dean had been dwelling on recently. There was a lot of it going around.
Cas sets down a cup of coffee a few moments later, in a ceramic mug that also looks brand new. He didn’t make one for himself, but he sits across from Dean and just looks at him.
But he can make it right now. It’s what he and Cas do, they forgive each other. And Dean doesn’t know how he fooled himself into forgetting he’s always better off when they’re together.
It’s easier to say, talking this quietly and this close, like the words being just between them means they aren’t dangerous. Maybe they aren’t.
“Hey, kid,” he said, awkwardly positioning himself so that his frame was halfway blocking the picture. Jack just tilted his head to the side.
“Oh, yeah?” Dean’s definitely never made a vision board.
Dean, reluctantly, puts his hand on the gear shift. “The first aid kit’s in the trunk,” he says.
need you to remember.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “When has that ever stopped me,” he says, flatly.
Jody sighed. “I can’t believe it,” she said, “it’s really over,” and for a moment Dean thought that she sounded sad.
“C’mere,” Dean said, holding out his arms, and he saw Jack hesitate for just a moment before they embraced. He was so small now, not fitting into Dean’s arms like he used to, and he was just — little. And fragile.
Sam laughs. “You think it’s easy for me, right?” he says. “You think I’m having a great time with this. Well, I’m not, okay? I tried being a normal person, I wasn’t cut out for it. Every time I thought about what my future would be like, ever since Dad died, I knew it would be hunting. After we beat Chuck, I was gonna — I was gonna get better at magic, I thought maybe you and me would end up training younger hunters or something. I was never going to give it
“Yeah,” Sam says, “but you know what I need you to do? I need you to take care of yourself, okay? I need you to try your best to be happy. And I’ll do the same thing.”
“My dad must’ve been really disappointed,” Claire mutters, and Dean doesn’t know what to say to that.
Thanks again for reading!
Anger burns in Cas’ throat, and he thinks of himself years ago, searching for the God he still had faith in, never knowing there was only this man. He had loved that God, in his absence. He had even read the books when he believed they were prophecy. Chuck is worth none of that devotion, none of the worship humans have for the God who doesn’t speak to them. He is spiteful, selfish,
Cas thinks of the kiss in the Impala, his memory of that long-ago night. It had been his subconscious rewriting the past, filling in what he had wanted — if not consciously — even then. But if this version of Dean is real, was he in the other dreams as well?
“I don’t know what I’m supposed to do now,” Sam says. “I’ve been cataloging all this stuff, but I know it’s not gonna be any use to anybody. I can’t exactly go to law school, if I even wanted to. I mean, I never even
Claire stays longer than Dean’s expecting, sleeping in the guest room for another night before she tells Dean that morning, after Cas has left to take Jack to school, that she’s going to get a bus ticket back to South Dakota.
“I guess there’s private investigator,” Claire says, sounding bored by it. “Or bounty hunter. Or—“ she flashes Dean a smile “—a life of crime.”
“I think,” Jack said, “that I just want to be a kid.”
He fixes her with a level gaze, trying his best to imitate how he imagines Jody looks at her when she’s doing something stupid. He even tries putting his hands on his hips, but feels ridiculous and lets them drop. “You gonna tell me what happened?”
Cas squints at him. “As what? A projection?”
Instantly, Dean laughs awkwardly and shrugs him off. “Okay, buddy,” he says. “You really have been awake for too long.”
“Nope,” Dean says, “just getting her road-ready. Claire is gonna borrow her for a little while.”
He looks over at Claire, and she’s got her head propped up on one hand, gazing out the window. She still looks like a kid to him, still with a childish roundness to her face.
Cas healed his wounds, too. Dean would insist to him that was worth having an angel with them on the trek. “The risks outweigh the benefits,” Cas said impatiently once, after fixing up a slash a werewolf’s claw had left down Dean’s arm. “You should let me go.”
His eyes light up when Dean shifts the car into drive. “Hey, can I drive again sometime soon?”
“When you asked me to take away Lisa and her son’s memories, I did that because I knew it would hurt you if they were harmed,” he said. “But it was also because I imagined how she would feel, knowing that she had you and then lost you. I thought it would be kinder for her not to remember at all.”
When Dean hands over the keys for the last time, he takes off the keychain he’s been carrying with him since Roswell and tucks it into his pocket. He’ll find somewhere to keep it, he thinks. Sentimental.
“You sure about moving to the suburbs?” Dean said. “I mean… I know you want Jack to go to school and all, but is that really your pick for where you want to live your life?”
“Hey,” Dean says, “it was, uh, it was good for me too.”
guys?”
“How could you ever think I’d be better off without you?” Cas says softly, and Dean kisses him then, figuring he’s waited just about long enough.
Cas didn’t respond.
“Okay,” Jack says. “I can do that.” He pauses, then asks, “Do you think I did the right thing? Deciding not to be God, I mean. I know I could’ve done a lot of good things, but…”
“I don’t know,” Dean says. “God, I guess. Chuck.”
Claire looks over at him from the passenger’s seat, raising her eyebrows in surprise. “Uh,” she said. “You mean, now?”
They don’t stop, not more than they have to. Claire stocks up on snacks and coffee at a gas station while Dean is filling the tank, and that’s their fuel until the next gas station coffee. She doesn’t ask why the trip is so urgent, or seem to wonder why Dean is in such a hurry. She doesn’t say much about it at all, acting like it’s any ordinary drive down the interstate, even with  Dean pushing far past the speed limit on open stretches and dodging past trucks when the road is crowded.
“Ugh, that is so insane, by the way? That you met God and he went by
“Dean,” Cas says. “You — weren’t you in Las Vegas?”
Jack frowns at him. He’s holding his backpack in his lap, such a little-kid thing to do. He doesn’t say anything, just looks at Dean with an expression that says he doesn’t understand quite what he’s saying.
— even permanent. It would be a choice that couldn’t be ignored or cut off later, something that would hurt when it was inevitably torn away.
“What song is this?” Cas asks. He recognizes it, he thinks, from somewhere.
“You just missed Cas,” Sam says. “He and Jack went up to Kansas City a couple of days ago.”
Cas answers only a moment later, so quickly that Dean realizes with a sinking feeling in his stomach that Cas might have been watching him through the blinds. Cas looks at him, face almost blank expect for the slight worried squint of his eyes, and says, “Hello, Dean.”
“You don’t have to ask my permission, Cas,” Dean said. “It’s your life. He’s your kid.” It came out more harshly, more matter-of-fact, than he meant it to. What he meant is that he didn’t have any right to claim to be a parent to Jack, not after the things he’d said.
“Look at the two of us,” Dean says. “We’re not exactly candidates for the PTA parent of the year.”
“Jack,” he said.
“Full House” was Jack’s favorite, and it wasn’t too hard for Dean to guess why. It’s what he was watching when Dean tried to talk to him about moving out.
“I think I’m capable of—“ Cas starts to say, and Dean can tell he’s offended.
Their eyes are locked, Cas not making a move to say anything or move toward him. “I think I can. If you want — if you want me to try,” Dean says. His voice sounds rough, raw in a way it usually never is except when someone’s close to dying. He feels like he might not be able to breath again until Cas says something in response.
? No one has ever called him that before, and yet it feels familiar. “Let’s get it over with quickly this time. You’re dreaming, okay? We’re in the Empty. But I’m gonna get you out. Just stick with me, man, keep up here.”
“What did you expect me to do?” Cas says. “To chase after you wherever you wanted to go?”
“Oh, Jack,” Cas said. “You’re so very brave.”
Dean laughs at him. He can tell that Dean knows, at once, that he remembers. “Classic Cas,” he says. “Blaming me for coming to rescue you. Jack gave me a way in.”
to retire! And now you’re acting like you’re pissed off that anything’s changed. You got your free will and you could have exactly what you wanted and you’re just sulking around being angry about it.”
the past,” he says. “Indiana, that must’ve been — god, almost ten years ago.”
Cas knows it is only a dream, but he intervenes anyway, plants himself in front of Jack and shields him with his body, standing between the two people he loves most in the world.
“Yeah, put him on,” Dean says. There’s the faint sound of Cas saying something to Jack and passing the phone over, and then the kid’s bright, cheerful voice says, “Hello, Dean!”
Her voice is practically dripping with contempt. Dean can’t help thinking of himself at that age, the awful fights with Sam he’d had over college. He hopes Claire isn’t the same way with the other girls.
“Start of a new one,” Sam says, and Dean does shed a few tears then, wiping them on his sleeve as quickly as they fall. He’s sure Sam knows, anyway.
“You’re gonna do great with school and everything,” Dean said. “You’ll kick ass at it.” He could practically feel Sam and Cas frowning at him. “You, uh. You and Cas take care of each other, okay?”
Dean winces. “What happens between her and Claire, anyway?”
When he turns around, of course, it isn’t Lisa Braeden. That kind of plot contrivance, he assumes, died with Chuck. Instead, it’s a stranger, a woman about his age with short, spiky blonde hair, wearing a white dress.
weird, but it’s not like… his fault that it’s weird. So please don’t hold up on my account.”
“Please come here,” he says, and Dean does.
“Well, you could,” Dean says. “Or you could just bring her back next time you’re in town. I’m sure you’re gonna come visit soon, right?”
Cas frowns, and Dean already thinks he’s gone about this completely wrong, should have settled on a speech to make like Colin Firth proposing marriage. But the thing is, he doesn’t want to bullshit Cas, doesn’t want to be insincere. He’s good at that and he’s done it before, with other people, but this is different. This is infinitely important.
“I don’t want your money,” he said firmly. “Thank you for the pancakes, Dean, but I don’t want to take anything else from you.”
,” Dean says. “It’s just not what… it’s not what people
“Because I screw things up, Cas. I always have. When it matters. And you and Jack — you matter a lot.”
, in such an essential way even Heaven couldn’t train it out of him. And Dean was a Winchester, which meant being one in a long line of screw-ups who could only ever playact at being normal, bitter in the blood. There was no one Dean loved whose face he hadn’t beaten bloody or whose head he hadn’t held a gun to.
He takes her through the whole routine of what to look for, how to change the car’s oil and fluids and check everything from the tire pressure to the windshield wipers, and makes sure to include a reasonable amount of cautions against driving too fast, too far, or too intoxicated, however hypocritical they might be. Claire’s a good student, listening intently, and she doesn’t even object to Dean’s shameless sermonizing.
And without grace, what is he? What is an angel who falls? Just human, that’s all. That’s all that would be left.
“Well, kid,” he started. His hands were shoved deeply into his pockets. “You know, Sam and Eileen need to do their own thing, and I…”
, no matter what direction you started out in, and it would get Dean to somewhere where he could do some good and make a difference. There’s nothing like that out there for him now. This is a world that doesn’t need people like him.
Sam prays to him often. His prayers have the hollow and insincere ring of the soulless; Castiel ignores them. If Dean prays, he does not pray to Castiel. Castiel doesn’t think he would be able to resist responding, if he heard that call.
Dean knew that. He remembered that little cabin with the carefully outfitted nursery where Jack had been born, where Kelly had died, and where he’d watched Cas’ body burn on that pyre. He remembered how hurt he’d been, knowing not only that Cas was gone but that he had made the choice to throw away his own life to protect some kid,
Back in his hotel room, alone, Dean fumbles for his phone. In the process of digging through his jacket pockets, he realizes how tired he is. He falls backward onto the bed, kicking his shoes off, and stares at the ceiling swimming slightly above him.
“I’d like that,” Jack says when they separate. “Dean, I’m really happy.”
He’s not getting all that much sleep, himself. Never was good at sleeping through the night. He thinks about Cas a lot, about what he and Jack are doing. About whether Cas is thinking of him, whether the two of them are happy. He thinks about black nothingness and shining, smiling eyes.
“No.” Dean drums his fingers against the steering wheel, anxiously.
He needed Cas to understand that it wasn’t about that, it wasn’t about owing Cas anything. It was about not being able to ask, himself. He’d been so goddamn selfish with Cas for so long, and what he wanted — well, he barely knew what he wanted, but it wasn’t relevant.
“I don’t know,” he says, despairingly. He’s used that tactic in the past, buying flowers, but it’s not what you do for a gesture or an apology that actually
, and because of what he’d said. Those words felt like a hole torn through Dean’s chest, a gunshot wound with the bullet still lodged in. They made the past twelve years incomprehensible.
“No,” Dean says, “not by blood. Or legally. Just — looks up to me, I guess. I feel responsible.” It doesn’t feel quite right to say it, doesn’t feel true, and he finishes his drink, waves down the bartender for another one.
Now, on another sleepless night, Dean thinks that maybe he should have kissed Cas then. Maybe there was still time and he hadn’t done so much wrong that it couldn’t be repaired. They had a chance, he thinks, there was a window, and it passed by without him even knowing it.
He remembers watching E.T. on one of the bunker’s movie nights — Sam’s pick, but Cas and Jack had both gotten really invested in it, and Dean remembers that Cas, in particular, hadn’t liked the ending.
“So. I talked it over with Cas, and I was wondering, uh. How you’d feel about me stickin’ around for a while.” Stupid phrasing, he realizes instantly, and tries to amend it. “I mean. Permanently, you know.”
He remembers this feeling — he felt it last watching Dean kiss Anna. It is similar to sorrow, and to anger, but that’s not right. He isn’t
He pats Jack on the shoulder again, and Jack nods, looking too serious, too knowing, but at least like he might believe it.
“There’s some things I still need to say,” Dean says. Cas opens his mouth to speak, but Dean cuts him off. “No, don’t — I need to, I need to say it my way, and I think you should hear it.”
His commander nodded. “That is part of the plan, Castiel.”
“I get it,” Dean says dully. “You’ve already told me what you think I should be doing.”
Dean wanted — he didn’t know what he wanted. To grab Cas by the lapels of his coat and shake him for doing something so self-sacrificing and stupid, maybe, or to wrap his arms around both of them and never let go, until everything that had been said was forgotten. But instead he stood there, frozen, until Sam clapped him on the shoulder and said something Dean barely heard. Then he made himself turn and smile.
“Oh, god, Dean, I don’t know,” Sam says impatiently after a moment. “We haven’t been together
The energy of knowing, lighting up his veins, makes it impossible to sleep.
All angels know that humans, molded in God’s image, are His most beautiful creations. They know this, but angels like Uriel and Zachariah don’t really believe it. Castiel thinks that he does. There is something in Dean Winchester’s eyes, the angle of his nose, the sweep of his shoulders.
“I think.” Dean takes a deep breath. “I think I have a hell of a lot of experience doing the wrong thing. And I don’t always know how to stop myself.”
, Cas had said to him. Just thinking about it makes the feeling of nervous energy a little better.
“What the hell —“ Dean started to say, but Sam had already turned his back on him and marched back to the door of the bunker, not giving him a second glance.
Dean could reach out for him, take his hand across the table. Assuming that Cas would let him, would allow Dean to pry his fingers apart and fold Cas’ hand into his own. He doesn’t make a move to do it, though. They just look at each other, eye contact too intense, but Dean’s not looking away.
Claire’s digging through the glove compartment, finding Dean’s box of cassettes buried under assorted road maps and fake IDs. “Wow,” she says, “you don’t have anything from this century, huh?”
Claire grimaces. She holds herself uncertainty, like she does whenever they talk about something uncomfortable, twisting her body so that it’s facing completely away from him. Dean almost worries she’s about to open the car door and go plummeting on to the road below.
“Uh. No. I think there’s some things we need to talk about in person.”
“Jack,” Cas said again, “you have to let it go now. You know that, don’t you?” He said it very gently, but with full confidence that Jack
The whole town is decked out in tacky shit for tourists and advertisements for Area 51, and it’s sort of amazing. “God,” Claire says as they drive through the center of town, “this is so stupid.” But she catches Dean’s eye and grins.
“It’s not broken,” he tells her. “Just needs some ice, probably. Whoever it was must not‘ve known how to throw a punch.”
“It’s not far,” Cas agreed. “So you’re planning to stay in Kansas, for the time being?”
From the passenger seat, Claire chooses among Dean’s collection of tapes. She likes Simon and Springsteen, Heart and Janis Joplin. When she plays Dean a song from one of her own favorite bands through her phone, the sound of it angry and discordant, he decides the kid has pretty decent taste in music.
Cas isn’t sure if he knows how to do it right, kissing, but he presses his lips to Dean’s and hopes there is some sort of instinct in the vessel that will help him figure it out.
Cas is wearing the coat, even inside on a warm enough day, and there’s something so comforting about that familiarity that it makes Dean feel better almost at once. It’s worn over what seems to be a t-shirt and pajamas pants, which is incredibly un-Cas-like, but the whole effect is just — warm. Dean looks at him, with his ruffled hair and his tired eyes and his posture, still a little bit of that old military bearing in it, and loves him.
She doesn’t respond at first, turning her head again to look out to window at the cars rushing by. “Yeah,” she says eventually. “I know. I’ll call her soon. It’s just… tough, you know, to talk to her. She was gone for a long time. I don’t think she really — I mean, not that
“Yeah. Circumstances being what they are.”
“Whatever, man. Cas is fine, everyone’s fine. Me and Claire are gonna go see some sights, and you enjoy your useless spellbooks.”
When he leaves the kitchen, he finds Cas on the front porch, drinking coffee from his favored ceramic mug. Dean watches as he takes a sip and smiles with clear satisfaction, standing there with his eyes closed and his face tilted toward the sun, no trenchcoat this morning, just a t-shirt and flannel pajama pants and bare feet on the concrete steps. He looks human, and real, and safe, but in a way he has always been all those things to Dean. The weeds on the lawn of the little white house are overgrown. There are chalk drawings on the driveway, Jack’s renderings of butterflies and something involving particle physics. It’s a good morning to be alive.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t thought about it, over the years, hadn’t wondered if there was any chance Cas thought about it too. Cas, well, he never seemed to want anyone in that way. Or at least Dean had convinced himself he didn’t; if he were going to be honest with himself, there were times when he thought he could see it, when Cas looked at him. More than anything, maybe, the thing that had kept him from looking too closely at it was the knowledge that with Cas, it could not be like what Dean had with Benny, or the things he’d done when he was a demon, or the handful of other times with men whose names he didn’t have to remember. Things with him and Cas were always serious, and this would be
Dean pulls away from him after a few moments, but he doesn’t go far. His hand strokes the side of Cas’ face slowly, like he’s memorizing how it feels under his fingertips. He’s beautiful, and he’s smiling, and Cas wants a thousand things at once.
“Anyway, she told me she didn’t want to see me again, but I ended up being in town a couple years later for a case. She saw some things that changed her mind. And she’s this gorgeous, smart girl who knows about what I do, but Sam and I are on the road, we gotta get on to the next case. So I tell her, you know, I’ll see her again someday.”
Maybe this is what Anna meant, when she said that Castiel was sweet on him. It feels sweet, a fizz of feeling that is pure human, pure
(See the end of the chapter for
“Isn’t this weird for you?” he asks. “I mean, thinking about Cas, uh—“
is real, this one thing in the universe, untouched by God or anything else. And as he thinks it, he knows the answer.
“If there’s anything I can help you with, you can always call me,” Cas said softly. “It feels — wrong, sometimes, to be here. Heaven is in disarray, and my brothers and sisters… Well, most likely they wouldn’t want my help. But still, if I could do more for them —“
Slowly, Dean lets the phone drop from his hand, and burrows as best he can under the covers. Cas is right, he should sleep, but his mind is still spinning itself in circles.
“No.”
“You won’t,” Sam says, earnest. “I’m really proud of you, Dean. And for what it’s worth, I know Mom would be too.”
Cas smiles at him. “Perfect,” he says. “We’ll put it up on the refrigerator.” But the moment he turns away from Jack, the dream is gone, and he is somewhere else.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean says. The show, featuring some kind of ocean scientist getting into a steel cage to swim with sharks, is back on. “You could ask Cas, I guess, he would know.”
Cas had watched him as he rocked the baby back and forth with an odd kind of intensity, like he was memorizing it in case he had to do it in the future. “You know you don’t have to do this kind of thing,” Dean said. “She asks you to do this again, you tell her she hired you to stock shelves, okay? This isn’t
Claire raises a hand in a wave, although it’s just an audio call. “Hey, Jack,” she says.
Claire gives him a wide, genuine smile. “Thanks, Dean.”
“Don’t get too excited, hotshot,” Dean says.
be pretty cool if there was some island or coastline Cas had sculpted all by himself. Considering what God and the rest of the angels were like, it would probably be the happiest place on Earth.
Then he turned to Cas, who was looking at the two of them with a strange expression that Dean thought might have been carefully made blank. “Cas,” he said, and stopped.
Today, Dean and Lisa and her son are sitting on her porch together, Ben telling a long story about something that had happened at soccer practice while Dean and Lisa each drink a beer. They are sitting close together, their shoulders bumping together when they laugh. Dean turns to Lisa and smiles at her, tucking a strand of her hair behind her ear.
He doesn’t think he’s ever talked much with Jack about his dad, in the past. Or only in the way he’s accustomed himself to talking about him with everyone, the way he and Sam silently agreed on years ago: rose-colored memories, focusing on the good over the bad. So maybe Jack doesn’t get it, exactly, what he’s saying.
Dean doesn’t like to think about Purgatory, generally. He doesn’t like thinking about Cas deciding he’d rather stay there as some screwed-up penance than come home, or about Benny deciding to stay instead of coming back to him. Seems like it’s easier for people to die for him than to live, sometimes.
“Okay,” Jack said quietly. “I get it.”
Dean laughs. “I think they said Melissa Etheridge,” he said. “Why do you know Melissa Etheridge, anyway?”
He smiles at Cas again, and Cas thinks that it is not like the way Dean usually smiles. He seems sincere. For a moment, Cas just looks at him, really looks.
An angel falls to Earth for the final time, and in Sioux Falls, near an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town, a tree takes root in the embattled soil. For years, that tree will grow just a little taller and a little stronger than anything in its location should. Development efforts will pass it by, its branches allowed to stretch upward to the sun until it is the tallest thing around for a mile. Soon, people in the neighborhood won’t remember a time when it wasn’t there. A story will take root, too — just an urban legend, who knows how these things start.
“Don’t,” he said sharply. He was crying freely now. “Just
, he’d said, when Dean asked him the same thing.
Dean sends Claire a text message, letting her know she should get up early so they can get on the road.
Cas’ voice is cold. “I don’t know what you want. But I don’t believe you do, either.”
He finds Dean and the other human man with him in the warehouse in Sioux Falls. Bullets pierce through him, painlessly, as he advances toward him.
, Dean thought savagely, and then he saw the look on Jack’s face.
Claire scoffs. “Yeah, or he was drunk.”
you’re just running away from your own shit!”
The Empty shouldn’t be calling him that, not in Dean’s voice. The hatred it wears on Dean’s face is personal, when it bends down to his level. “Was that all you ever wanted? Just to die for him?”
“Are you hurt?” Cas asks.
He says nothing else, because Dean has not said it yet. He doesn’t move. It’s almost like the two of them are suspended as well, in this not-quite-real world, outside of time.
Dean nods slowly, dazed. He’d thought he might have a buffer, a little more time to see how Cas is reacting and decide how to do this, but no. She’s right, it’s better for him to go in alone.
Dean started, and then Cas looked at him openly, not looking away in shyness or shame. Dean didn’t know how he did it. “No.” He came up short, unable to think of a response. “I didn’t know that.”
Dean rolled over onto his side so that he was facing Cas, even though it was dark even that he could only see his faint outline. “Yeah, buddy?”
Okay. He’s not just tired. He’s definitely drunk, too. Goddamn Chuck, he used to have better goddamn tolerance.
It’s because he keeps going over in his head what he said to Cas and how stupid it was, how wrong, to blurt it out in that moment. How he would take it back if he could and give it to him the right way, like he should have months ago. Cas hasn’t called or texted, and Dean thinks he must be fuming — he has every right to be — but he’ll make up for it. He will.
“No,” he says. “Shouldn’t‘ve called you this late, I forgot…”
Cas props himself up on an elbow and frowns done at him, and that’s funny too, Cas with his mussed hair and the horribly endearingly wrinkle in his forehead. “What are you laughing at?”
kid. The same stupid, selfless Cas who asked for nothing in return for the fact that he’d once again saved Dean’s life.
“There you are,” the Empty says, in Dean’s voice. It’s cold, like Dean’s eyes are cold, his expression set in contempt. It’s the expression Cas feared, he realizes, all the times he thought about saying it. Revulsion. It makes him feel sick in the way that goes beyond physical, here where there is nothing physical left.
Dean says it so gently, and Cas’ heart beats too loudly in his chest. It doesn’t, usually, and then he remembers — he is human now, all of him fully contained in this small body.
The thought of it is almost tangible, like a feeling at the back of his throat, so sweet in makes him nauseous.
“Well, I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says, even and calm. “When I said what I said to you, it was under the impression that we wouldn’t speak again. It was selfish, yes, but I think I deserved that one selfishness. And I can see that it hurts you to be near me now.”
“Not even a kiss,” it says. Sneering at him, those green eyes cold and hard, that beloved face distorted by something like loathing. Dean has never looked at him like that, not in their worst moments. “Not even ‘I love you, too.’ That’s all it takes, Cas?”
“Uh-huh.” Claire rolls her eyes. “She wants to be a pharmacist.”
Dean didn’t want to let go, not really, but he had to. He pulled back to look at him, and Cas looked back, waiting for him to say something. He couldn’t ask Cas not to go. Cas said nothing, just looked at him with those big sad eyes. Angel of the lord, that’s what Cas was when they met, all pure blazing power wrapped up in a trenchcoat, knocking the lights out when he walked into a room, and Dean made him
“What do you mean by that?” Cas says, like he doesn’t know, and Dean wishes he were here in person, wishes he could just grab Cas by the collar and — make him understand.
Dean  was drinking too much, sleeping too much, barely holding it together. He kept wishing Chuck would just appear to him and tell him what to do. It would be easy, now, to slip into whatever pre-written ending he had in mind. Nothing felt much like real life anymore, anyway, in this nearly deserted world.
He sounds angry, and as much as Dean wants to call him ungrateful, tell him off for not having any clue how lucky he is, he finds he can’t do it.
Melissa nods. “You can’t stick around just for someone to drag you down,” she says. “I feel a hell of a lot better now. Cut my losses. All the way down the highway I kept thinking, I’m free as a bird, nobody telling me where to be.”
“Dean?” Cas says. “Is something wrong?” and Dean has to take a minute because, whoa. He doesn’t think he’s ever heard Cas’ voice sound like that before, all rough and confused like he’s just waking up from sleep.
He thinks of the phrase,
Claire gives him a look. “Dude, in the continued interest of not making it weird. Yeah, I don’t think I should come with you.”
There’s a pause, which means Sam is about to say something he thinks is insightful and significant. “You know, Bobby never exactly told me he loved me or that he thought of me as his kid, but I knew anyway. I guess he didn’t have to say it.”
“Whoa, you look like shit,” she says bluntly. “Did something happen?”
“Okay, then what do you want to see in California?”
, and you didn’t tell me,” he says. “Didn’t even give me the chance to try and help you. And then you drop that on me while you’re, you’re telling me — I didn’t ask for that, you know?”’ He’s starting to suspect his words aren’t coming out the right way, not what he meant to say, if he even knows exactly what he means.
Vegas started out okay. He took Claire to a couple of casinos, taught her a little about playing poker. Kid was a natural, of course. Then she realized some band was in town that Dean had never heard of and decided she wanted to go to their show. She asked if he wanted to come, but Dean said no, figured he would just be cramping her style and out of place anyway.
“No,” Dean says. “It’s physical, I think. As much as anything can be in a place like this. I walked through a portal. I didn’t expect that I’d get stuck in your head, or whatever this is.” He looks around at their surroundings as if he’s seeing them for the first time.
He looks so holier-than-thou, and Dean is so sick of his shit. “If you’re so concerned about it, what are you doing here? Rummaging through your old lore books all day? Huh? Why aren’t you playing house with Cas and Jack?”
“I’m alright,” he tells Dean, looking at their joined hands. He remembers what Dean said to him, in the Empty. It seems impossible, a wild fantasy, but here it is. Dean’s fingers are callused, but his hand is warm. He doesn’t look much different either — a little healthier, maybe a little younger. “I’m alright.”
It’s Claire’s idea to stay a night at the Stanley, but Dean’s letting himself get talked into just about anything these days.
“Hey,” she says right away when he answers. “I’m, uh, I’m at a bar.”
“Alright,” Dean says. He looks at their hands together, at his gun callus that’s already fading.  “I’ll take that bet.”
“Well,” Dean says. He clears his throat, trying to dislodge some nameless emotion that’s clawing at him. “You, you could’ve picked a better guy, Cas.”
He thinks,
Over and over again, Naomi makes him kill.
“Well, uh.” Dean clears his throat. “Tell him I said hey.”
“Quit reading my texts.” Claire, across the table, angles her phone closer to her face, hiding the screen. “We talk.”
This was what it was like for normal people, probably. It had to have been Chuck, protecting him from really feeling the effects of his drinking so that he’d always be ready to get up and go the morning after. Well, Dean had to admit, the bastard had done him a few favors over the years.
Jack nodded. “I think going to school would be okay,” he said. “I’ll meet new people.”
“Cas,” Dean says, “what if I screw it up?”
What he might’ve been doing, a year or two ago, was encouraging Cas to flirt with their waitress, and isn’t that just another thing to feel guilty about.
Claire doesn’t look impressed, so Dean cuts in before Sam can really get his feelings hurt.
“It was a good deal,” Cas says, and it was. His son’s life, and Dean’s, and killing death into the bargain. You wouldn’t get that from any crossroads demon.
“You’re not asking.” Cas, for the first time, reaches out and takes Dean’s hand. Dean looks startled by it. He looks wild-eyed, desperate, almost like he had when Cas had summoned the Empty, but again, he doesn’t understand. “I’m offering it. And Dean, we can go
“That’s what you want?” Dean says. “Not for me. No more self-sacrificing. For — for you, that’s what you want?”
“Goodnight, Cas,” he says. “I love you.”
“Well, Claire’s out by herself,” he says. “Just wondered what you and Jack got up to today.”
Okay, then. This is it. Drawing a deep breath to steady himself, Dean walks toward the door.
The past dozen years have far more than their share of regrets. He sees them all again, clearer than ordinary memory: his betrayal of the Winchesters, the Leviathan and his mad grab for the throne of Heaven, the bargain he’d struck with Lucifer. All the lives he’d failed to save and the ones he’d shattered — Jimmy Novak, especially, and Claire left behind in his wake.
, he thinks as soon as he looks at his phone, and then feels stupid for thinking it, because Cas hasn’t texted in days. He got a message informing him they’d made it to Kansas City safely and a picture of Jack standing on the front porch of a little suburban house and grinning, both of them sent to Sam as well. Dean’s been relegated to group text only status, which probably means something, and is fucking annoying because Sam has an Android and keeps trying to send emojis that show up as black boxes on Dean’s screen.
Maybe it’s Cas’ humanity that makes him seem so much closer, more touchable, than he ever had been before, or maybe not, maybe Dean is the one who’s changed in the way that matters. Either way, he doesn’t want to let go of Cas now that he has him. Dean wraps an arm around his waist to steady them, under the trenchcoat, which is itself a kind of thrilling new territory, and Cas shivers slightly at the contact, crowding closer even as he breaks the kiss to take a long, sharp intake of breath.
Dean laughs, his head bowing low over their joined hands. “He missed you,” he says. “We both really, really missed you, Cas.”
It doesn’t feel like it’ll be easy. But it feels fucking worth it.
“I don’t know,” Claire says. “Palm trees.”
with this car. What am I supposed to do, turn around as soon as I get there and bring it back?”
Dean doesn’t pray, but Castiel watches over him. He feels responsible for both of the Winchesters; Sam, tearing across the country hunting monsters in search of adrenaline, and Dean, firmly ensconced in suburbia.
It’s a rare thing, touching a soul this directly. Cas doesn’t do it often. On Earth, there are much easier ways to tell whether someone is human. The souls Cas has come into contact with directly are mostly those of Purgatory’s creatures, who he knew as a twisted, terrified mass, howling with bloodthirst and pain. And before that, of course, a human soul in Hell, battered and sore.
“Yeah,” Dean says now. “Could be good for Claire, tagging along.”
Dean remembers how it felt, the protectiveness and affection that rose in his throat, the urge to get close enough to Cas to comfort him, the way he said nothing but, “Try to get some sleep, buddy.”
On TV, the special about the giant squid has reached a grisly section in which the thing is being dissected by scientists. “I think I’m going to go to bed,” Claire says unceremoniously, tossing the remote to him. Dean barely has time to say goodnight before she’s out the door.
“Yeah, I get it. Not the most impressive cosmology.” Dean never expected a more impressive deity than Chuck, really. When the angels first started talking to him about God, he already figured the guy must’ve been a little bit of a slob to throw together a world like theirs.
Sam hadn’t sounded surprised by any of what Dean told him, and he hadn’t asked any awkward follow-up questions, and he hadn’t even been smug or made fun like Dean half-expected him to. He just listened.
He turns his music off self-consciously, avoiding the glare of someone who’s shepherding kids onto a bus. Did he park in the wrong place? He’d tried to follow Cas’ instructions to the letter. Scanning the crowd of children, Jack’s little blond head isn’t immediately visible, and Dean grips the steering wheel.
He wouldn’t say so to Cas, but the place is definitely missing a certain human touch.
Claire nods. She puts an Aerosmith tape into the deck. “Okay,” she says quietly, and Dean feels pretty good, all things considered, about his attempt to give decent advice. Jody couldn’t say he didn’t try. He just hopes Claire took it to heart.
“Thanks.” Dean feels the surrealism of it, of being in bed with Cas after all these years, skin to skin, but he’s not freaking out like he might’ve thought he would. This makes sense, what they’re doing. Feels right.
“No,” Dean says. “I guess… I mean, I know you, right?”
“Of course,” Cas said. “Of course we want you to come home.”
“Not really, I guess.” The radio’s playing an ad for a local car dealership now that’s fading into static. Claire opens the glove compartment and starts flipping through the tapes. “It’s like — I don’t know, maybe it’s stupid, but… I feel like it would be easier if I had been the one to get her back, you know? That was my job.” She pauses, and Dean watches out of the corner of his eye as her face goes a little more angry, a little more cold. “And I couldn’t do that.”
Pulling his tablet from the flap of blanket covering it, Castiel wrote slowly, “So you’re not planning on moving?”
“Shh,” Castiel admonished, though he had half a mind to spring out from behind the crate immediately. The HPG egg bit into his side like an unrelenting fist. He’d have a bruise there, later. Surely they could take over the truck and pilot it towards the Conservatory themselves. But then there would be gate checks or arrival protocols...and their faces were among the most notorious “most wanted” of Lucifer’s new rule. No, arriving as part of a shipment was singularly inglorious, but strategically sound.
"Fuck."
Miracle curls up on the other side of Cas, head flopped on his lap, right next to his balled up hands.
from earlier that day fades, Dean stares at the darkened ceiling.
Sam's relieved too, promises to buy stuff for dinner on his way back from where Dean went in the Empty about fifty miles out. And he must hear something in his voice, because he stresses to go watch a movie or something and let Cas sleep it off.
He plays it front to back on repeat until hunger and exhaustion win out, and he finds a motel.
Cas glances down at her, and the tense smile softens. "I'm very grateful then."
"You can't —"
Sam scoffs, but whatever energy he had left is burned out. "Whatever. We'll talk later."
He looks confused, before some amount of understanding smoothes out some of the worried lines in his face. His eyes flick down to Dean's mouth for an instant. "How was it supposed to happen, then?"
"Made you food." He lifts the plate up a fraction
Dean's finger turns his face up, and his small smile splits into a sloppy grin. His eyes crinkle at the edges, and the beauty of him catches the air in his throat.
Pathetic.
Carefully, Cas moves his fingers to Dean's cheek, directs Dean's gaze towards him with a barely-there press.
Dean's sea-glass green eyes are beautiful.
He doesn't, but he also doesn't fight it when Dean guides his gaze back.
Not him stumbling through a Walmart visit to buy the thing. God, he bets the nerdy little guy compared brands, sifted through online reviews in the middle of the aisle. He doesn’t picture how pleased Cas must've been at finding a pack of sticks, of all things. How the rest of them are most likely sitting in the glovebox. How it was probably the last enjoyable moment he had. Dean doesn't think —
He lulls his head against the door, untangles the hand from his hair like his fingers piston operated they ache so bad
He repositions the baby in his arms, cradles the head against his shoulder so he's more upright. The kid latches on to the plastic nipple with ease.
"It isn't, Cas."
And it was good, the light touches, soft adjustments that weren't necessary. But Cas never dressed down that much, so it was better than good. Dean spent the whole time thinking about how thin his cotton shirt was. Cas was smaller without the layers, and the warmth of him unfiltered. He tried to peel his hands away, but it was like he couldn't stop. Angel or mud-monkey, Cas felt strong and whole.
"How you ever stood them is beyond me dude."
Stupidstupid
Cas takes in a shaky breath. Blinks a few times.
Every muscle Cas has freezes. It shouldn't be a surprise, but once you've thought about something enough times, the reality is always shocking.
It's the best thing Dean's ever seen. Fuck, he missed him. Missed him so much he didn't know what to do with himself.
"It doesn't."
That's it. Two sentences.
"Dean —"
Cas grunts, a pitiful noise that's mostly air and entirely feeble. "Tired."
He has no god damn idea what he wouldve done without Miracle to talk to. Cause he could never get it out to Sam. Not those last moments. Not what Cas really means to him. Always too close to an edge of something larger than any apocalypse they've ever dealt with.
All the time in the world indeed.
He left a voicemail. A fucking
"I'm in love with you."
Cas speaks, "I—"
It's a respectable distance. Close enough Dean would be able to sense him, far enough away they won't touch.
Cas tilts his head to the side. He wasn't even touched in the fight, though Dean has a few injuries. A cut on his cheek. Bruising. "Did... what hurt?"
He's two steps away from being the spitting image of some scandalized Victorian chick, and it crawls under Dean's skin.
By the time Dean walks over to the table and grabs the bottle, Sam's halfway up the stairs.
And one night, a long time later, he's sitting with his back against his bed, nestled next to the end table he never used, he says the truth in a way he knows he should've years and years ago.
The goal is to make the next chapter as long as the first two combined. And also still up in seven days.
Dean's lips are plump, and the two of them slot perfectly together. But this isn't something they can do, not
It's roughly midnight, and books are scattered across the library table. They're all open to different pages, but none of it matters. Not really.
"So —"
And then Dean pulls him in, hugs him for all his worth.
He pillows the newborn’s head against his shoulders, a solid weight. Greedy flames consume it all, orange and angry and
And he's surviving this conversation.
He grabs the brush from the bedside table, casts on last look at Cas, and takes Miracle to the TV room.
Dean's combing through it all anyway. Has been since Heavens decided they have a no-call policy with anyone named
He'd be a fool to feel settled, or safe, and he doesn't. Not truly.
Sam's right. To get moving. They need to go. Need to... figure out what to do. But his legs are like boulders. Or rubber. Too heavy, too weak. It's the same result either way.
and the vocalization of it chokes his throat closed. He flicks his eyes to the wall, tries not to see Dean in his peripheral either.
is a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Dean walks over to him, and there's a smile on his face directed straight at Cas. He lets himself smile back, since he can. Since he wants to.
It's not well thought out. The lack of work and overload of carbs haven't done Dean's muscles any favors. His joints creak and protest every step, but his room isn't far, and he'd be damned before he let's Cas feel like he has to do anything alone this time.
"Guess this is like prayin', ain't it? Sammy caught me a few months ago. He wasn't even surprised I'm still doing this. Told me it was, uh — It was okay. Even if I just… never did. And you know what? I don't think l can." He gives a small laugh. "Hell, I only leave messages when I'm feeling, I dunno, brave? Like some part of me thinks you could still hear it and tell me to get lost."
He calls again every night for the next week. Of course, he never picks up. Sam doesn't ask.
"It was your turn."
He doesn't realize his hands are shaking until Dean grabs them.
He glues his eyes to the back of the book. Balls his fists.
The plate gets sat down with a distinct
He laughs again, full-bodied. It’s light and breezy in a way Cas hasn't since those few precious years of knowing him. He puts a hand on Cas' shoulder, leans into it.
"I’m gonna... go pack up."
There's a warrant above his head, just waiting for the right moment, and Dean
Not that he's eating now. No, mostly just pushing it all around. He does eat in general.
. And Sam doesn't get it. He really fucking doesn’t.
Dean flinches, his head jerks away. Cas lifts his hand to grab his shoulder, but stalls. Leaves it stuck in the air between them from a moment.
Dean wishes he could read Sam's mind, find out where he's
As her fur smooths, he tells her about the Empty. Its piss-poor lighting, the mind boggling way directions work, how it has this awful burnt-licorice and gasoline stench clung to the nothingness of its everything.
His eyes drift up, and Dean's smiling at him, a soft, private thing.
The comfort of the words stuck with him for days. The feel of Cas underneath him never left.
She hops on the couch next to him, tail thumping with excitement.
Dean stumbles out first, a half step ahead of Cas. Human, malleable, and very much
It's only mildly successful.
Dean wets his lips, and his eyes dart from the bottle to Cas and repeats. They settle on the whiskey when he speaks. "So. Got any regrets? Y'know. If we all die."
"I know."
Dean shrugs. "A hunt here and there wouldn't hurt I guess."
He didn’t save shit.
"And then I'd wish we'd talk long enough to want to again. Have this… courtship process in the right order, without all the mistakes and lost time."
Dean’s eyebrows pop before he grins, full-faced and toothy. "Are you seriously referencing Star Wars at me?"
"Can we just talk about this?"
He shakes his head, uses his free hand to blanket his face, pinch the bridge. Trapped under the rough pressure, his tear ducts throb. But it’s all right. It’s fine.
Cas' lips curl up. "It’s possible."
Maybe the Empty would think it'd be funnier if it waited until after the battle, or at least in it's best interest. Maybe it's okay, for the night.
When Dean speaks. His voice is quiet. "Different how?"
unprompted — they were talking about potential witch activity in Utah, not Dean's feelings, for Christ's sake — and now it's all Dean can think about now that the distractions of the day have bled into a dark room and cold bed.
Cas shivers, and Dean wrestles to tug the blanket out from under him, Miracle nuzzling the side of his leg the whole time.
They're both still smiling when they pull back, and Dean lifts a finger to trace it. The slow drag tingles in all the right ways. "Hope I can do a better job of making it happen more."
Decidedly, Cas flicks his tongue over Dean's lips. A soft, nearly broken noise catches itself in the back of Dean's throat. Cas pushed in further, weasels a hand to Dean's chest, makes him lay down properly. He climbs on Dean's lap without breaking them apart.
Funeral pyres take a long time to burn. Distantly, Dean's aware of it. So he nods, reaches into his pocket and hands Sam the Impala's keys. He takes them and squeezes Dean's shoulder.
"See?" He says, "Not too late."
"That looks like a cold cut, so made is a generous word."
"Hey," Dean lifts a hand and cups his face, firm. "It isn’t too late. Look at me Cas."
He’s never been any good, not as good as he needs to be. Maybe if he would’ve been — or did somethin’ different, anything different —
The portal spits them out in the dungeon.
Words. People do speeches at these. But he opens his mouth and all he can do is stare at the glow of the lighter. After a beat passes, he tosses it.
But the rest of the drive is quiet. And that's a win in Dean's book.
Cars are like a testament to the owner. The truck is immaculate. The burgundy shines — there’s not a spec of dirt marring the strips of pearl-white.
They get the wood, and Dean can hardly remember it, the Nephilim. He sets the pyre up, the movements much too familiar and practiced. And the Nephilim doesn’t exist. Not until Sam insistently helps him finish the pyre that shouldn’t be, and retrieves it with a mumble that his son should be at his own father's funeral.
Slow enough that Cas has time to pull back, he runs his hand up his arm, cradles it against the back of Cas' neck. He leans across the small distance and kisses him.
It- it isn't like he's gunna answer. Dean knows he not, but it just rings and rings and —
When he looks back at Cas, there's a twinkle in his eye, all mischief. "When you fell from Heaven."
He can do direct.
Dean must've sat there for hours. Long enough to hear the Nephilim’s newborn screams. Long enough for Sam to quiet them down. When the sun peaks over, and the colorless skin of his face still doesn’t move, Dean somehow does.
It kinda makes his head hurt.
Dean's lips quirk up for a moment, somehow still happy at idioms and pop culture references when they come from Cas. It falls as fast as it's there.
Dean's propped against his headboard, mostly empty bottle of booze in hand, when it happens.
He tilts his lips up, tight and sheepish. "I see you have a dog now."
With each passing buzz, his heart stutters, breath cut into shorter and shorter spurts.
And it's the truth. An existence of obedience, where any insolence was erased, wasn't much of an existence at all.
Jack's waiting with Billy, and Sam decided to try and get some sleep sometime after dinner. Dean's been in pajamas just as long, but hasn't fallen asleep by the time Cas slips into his room.
And what the fuck is he supposed to do now? How is he supposed to do
"Entirely?"
It’s dumb. Still really dumb. And he has no defense for it. Eventually Sam hands him Cas' old phone and a charger. All of the missed voicemails untouched.
And then Dean tilts his head
Sam grabs his arm, he shakes it off. He moves decisively, tries too, but his eyes prickle and he can’t see shit, and he isn’t about to cry right there in front of his brother, validate every stupid thought the guy has that’s probably one-hundred percent right.
And what if he's sick? Or gets sick and can't get better? Without his grace, there's a whole new set of worries. A bad flu that gets worse until he's gone, a hunt going wrong, fucking cancer. Heart disease kills pretty much everyone, doesn't it?
Dean doesn't have to ask. "Chuck isn't aproblem anymore." Cas sighs, slinks down bonelessly into the cushions. "We figured it out, took his powers. Jack's fixing up Heaven with it. Says he's gunna do that, find a way to put Amara back together, and then come home."
So he looks at Dean's mouth instead, watches the way his lips wrap around the words when he speaks.
And he’s still alive.
Dean clears his throat, sits up straighter. "Yeah, but not like this man."
He calls a few times after that. But tries not to leave voicemails for someone that's just gone, in every sense of the word.
He breaths again, a little easier. His fingers curls into Cas' palm, and his finger twitch against Dean in response. The dent in his brows relax, his jaw goes slack.
As subtle as possible, he breathes deep. Once. Twice. Three times.
Once the bitter taste of
"I know. But it's also gone. We don't know what happened."
Jack cries when Dean slams the door. He strangles the steering wheel between his hands, hands that itch to inflict. Hit. Destroy. Sure as fuck not to nurture, not to quell the newborn screams, because Cas was wrong. Dean isn’t good at this.
Dean’s hand slips forward, gripes his wrist. The hold is loose but firm, and everywhere his skin touches burns. He's shifted enough so they're inches apart, breathing the same air.
Cas' breath, slow and steady. The clink of Mircale's claws on the floor. A muted buzz from the florescent lights in the hall.
He flips on some netflix show about baking food, and talks to Miracle as he starts in on her snout.
Dean threads his fingers in his hair and balls his fist. Squeezes his eyes shut against the pool of tears that just leak out, and curls in on himself. His guts are twisted and tight, just like the rest of him. Every part of him shakes, the hand vice-gripping his hair should hurt, should be enough to pull him back to sanity, but the tears don’t stop.
It's obvious, and he isn't stupid. There's only one reason to ask this now. To press the issue.
Is that what it is?
"Don't I? That — That fucking
"Y'know I— I would. I'd do it proper now, Cas. Still can, just one more fight. We can have it, if you want."
Dean shakes his head. Blinks. Two things he never thought he'd see side by side mixed with the insanity of the day make none of this seem real.
"I just want everyone safe. But—"
He cranes his neck up a fraction and freezes.
When he reaches Cas, Dean's still grinning.
he thought. But there was a lot for him to unpack from this short conversation alone. But if anyone could understand feeling traumatized by magic, Castiel thought it would be himself.
“Different how?”
“Cassie, I’d never laugh at you,” Balthazar promised warmly.
“But the princesses. They will recognize my face.”
“Unnatural?” Mag asked. “I’d call the whole damn world unnatural these days.” Her gaze was shrewd and Castiel decided to make the leap.
“Wait!” Mag’s voice raised high behind them. Castiel stopped, whirled, and lifted his weapon towards her out of instinct. She drew up her hands. “Wait,” she said again. “I’ll walk with you. Tell those boys up there to let you go.”
Castiel nodded again, as though he understood how on earth that might make a difference. But if Dean told him to pretend to speak, to mouth the words instead of just think them, he’d do it. He had years of practice
When Castiel opened his eyes, it was to find Dean still standing next to him. He raised his hand to invite Dean to sit on his couch, feeling suddenly stiff and formal. And then Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and pulled him close.
“Fire? Like that page said to do?”
“So are you.” It was Castiel’s turn to frown at Charlie. She released one leg with a deep groan and then pulled in the other. “And if there’s one thing I wanna see you get out of this Dean guy, it’s that some of
The wind in the room subsided. When Castiel finally opened his eyes again, it was to Dean lying on the bed next to him, propped up and watching him with a delighted smile. “So, baby. Was it good for you?”
“Bullshit,” Dean said with a gentle laugh. “You are absolutely full of shit. You were there today disguised as a beggar. And why? For fun? To lure me down here? Or to help me?”
Dean emerged to find Castiel still standing at his open duffel, staring into space. Castiel was startled from his reverie by Dean sliding one arm around his waist and intoning in mock announcer style, “Earth to Cas. Come in, Cas.”
Dean watched him warily. He looked as brittle as winter hay. “Yes.”
“I can explain,” Castiel said quickly and a squat pie with flat unsweetened mashed prunes fell onto the floor. They both looked down at it. The crust had splattered into a purple stain against the pale tile. When Castiel looked up again, Dean grimaced and clutched the hair at the nape of his neck. “You’re...angry?”
Castiel was so surprised that he looked up and made the mistake of meeting Dean’s eye. What he saw there riveted and wrecked him. Dean gazed at him steadily, eyes soft, concern and affection making him seem warm and approachable. The ugly rose of his bruise bloomed along his jaw. Castiel wanted to kiss him, desperately.
Charlie nodded. “That biker bar with all the ‘book clubs.’ Yeah. Total front for covens. So did you guys end up discussing
Castiel’s throat burned and his eyes stung and suddenly there was no way he could concentrate on trying to mouth words anymore. Because over the computer’s speaker, saying the innocuous list of phrases he’d read last week, was
Castiel narrowed his eyes.
“How much will it cost?” Crowley said, seeming to relish the word. “Not as much money as you might think. My services can be...highly affordable.” He fished easily into his own suit jacket pocket and pulled out a black, embossed business card. “I’ll find her. Come back in three days, same time. And then...we’ll talk price.” He finished the conversation with another toothy smile and shooed them from the booth with a quick hand.
Castiel nodded, and then he nodded some more, reaching for Dean and drawing him in. Dean hummed in satisfaction, opening to the kiss. Castiel let out small pleased groan and bright sweet berry mixed with the intoxicating taste of Dean’s lips.
Dean dropped his head. “Yeah.” Gradually, with only the muffled sounds of the Market nearby, Dean’s breathing steadied. His hand soothed against the rock, fingers relaxing up into Castiel’s palm.
Castiel laughed at him with drawn-out delight at his surly discomfort. “Because I liked watching you try to tackle it. It was extremely entertaining.”
Castiel let out a gasping laugh because it could be arousal, or cold. It really didn’t matter.
Dean clasped Castiel’s hand against his chest. “The branch of gold. The sprig of diamond.”
That could abash the little Bird
Dean pulled out the HPG and held it in the crook of his arm. He slipped a knife over his palm and slapped it hard on a blood sigil he’d just finished drawing on the nearest worktable. “Vade retro, princeps inferni!” he shouted as Lucifer raged. The egg began to glow.
“Just...think, okay? I thought it was your brother keeping you here. For the longest time. But this site...I think we’ve got to consider it. Do you remember anything that might have gotten left? I know you said your memory of Sam here is patchy after you...you know.”
, Castiel thought before he brought his own gun up and fired a clean shot through the demon’s temple.
Pulling his expression into something sympathetic, Castiel tilted his head as if to ask,
Dean returned to Earth with a jolt, knees buckling under the weight of his suddenly corporeal body. He looked up to find himself kneeling in front of a garish motel, painted bright orange and teal with bright blue fish sketched along the wall channels. Inside the motel, a lamp shattered with a. bright pop, followed by the much louder sound of a body hitting wood.
Castiel tried calling out for Dean the rest of the afternoon. Night fell, died, and rose again as a new day. Still, Dean didn’t reappear in the house. There were no cool breezes, no unexplained chills. Just one house, echoing with the pacing of its lone occupant. That morning, Castiel went for a walk.
Dean sank into Castiel’s touch greedily, still so hungry after so many years of want between them. “Yeah,” he rumbled. “You’re right. Love you, Cas.”
Water ripples soundlessly around them, driven by an illogical wind. Castiel wants to drop to the dock and wrap his arms around his legs. He could close his eyes. Maybe Dean would accept his presence here as just another illogical chunk of dream and Castiel could lose himself here, in Dean’s calm retreat. If he didn’t know other angels could pry into dreams, maybe he would.
The further they descended, the brighter the secret forest became. The grove of gold gave way to one of diamond, which cracked like frost across the vast cavern. Dean stole a branch of diamond, and placed it in his cloak.
Dean rolled his chair away to snag the tablet of the day’s verbal exercises. He slid it over to Castiel and busied himself on the computer before raising a finger in the air. “Okay. You’re good to go.”
I’d better wake up tomorrow and find out that this is just a bad dream.”
“We do,” Dean agreed. And the haggling began.
A very tall woman wearing a steel gray suit stood up from a bar stool she’d occupied near the middle of the bar, her crimson silk shirt catching the light. She was neatly dressed for such a seedy establishment, like she’d been called away from a corporate meeting to come here. She smiled at them, crossing her arms and planting her feet. There was no warmth in her smile. “Can I help you?” she asked cooly, voice carrying across the bar. Her look, while utterly incongruous with the biker-goth bar, was of a pointed blade.
Castiel directed him another five miles to the driveway he’d spotted. They turned down the empty, overgrown lane. Long grasses and thick, fat forbs thwacked the undercarriage like insistent fingers rapping on the car.
His pulse raced. His stomach turned. Castiel set his fingers on the planchette.
The beggar collapsed in a cloud of dust. For a moment, he sagged in seeming relief into the straw, no longer gripped by the guards. But Dean knew before the first kick landed that the man had only been hauled outside so he could bleed freely into the earth without fear of staining the castle’s floor. “Don’t know how you got in here,” one of the guards sneered. “But I aim to make an example out of you.” He punctuated his statement with a sharp kick to the ribs, drawing out a howl of pain.
“I rebelled
So far, the male demons have been silent throughout this exchange, but the tall one interrupts as Dean is about to retort.
“I’m hoping it won’t come to that,” Cas says, measuring out spoonfuls of a reddish powder. “Ingrid is a friend. I’m hoping she’ll cooperate.”
, where the
“But how do you
“They were monsters and they needed to be put down,” Dean says. “You expect me to ignore a case just because it sounds hard?”
“You believe in me?” he asks faintly. “That’s a miracle I thought I’d never see.”
“You’re the greatest,” he says, flashing her a smile. More seriously, he says, “Take care of my brother, Mel.”
“I made you lunch,” she says, handing Dean a paper bag, and Dean doesn’t even have to check to know that it’s a BLT (with light L and extra B, the way he likes it).
“Dean,” Castiel begins, but Dean doesn’t let him finish.
“So, where’re we goin’?” Dean asks (has he asked already? He thinks so).
“Dean,” he says through gritted teeth like the name pains him to speak. “I swear...”
Castiel doesn’t roll his eyes, but it’s a close thing. Dean sees the aborted movement and chuckles.
“What do you mean?” he asks.
Sam is very quiet.
“Dean, please don’t call me again.”
But they say it’s over, and they take the machetes and shotgun shells out of the trunk, and Sam applies to Stanford, and Dean pays first and last month’s rent on a little house.
“Fuck if I know,” Dean laughs. “I was shit-faced. So, what’s up with you? You on a hunt?”
Castiel doesn’t quite know how he fits into these plans. He was involved in killing Lilith: does that mean the other demons will come after him now? Should he worry about his parents? Or will the Winchesters just take him home once they know he won’t go to the police? He wants desperately to ask these questions, but he fears the answers too much.
He waggles his eyebrows. Castiel’s own eyebrows shoot into his hairline.
Castiel must stiffen beside him, because Dean gives him an incredulous look.
“Guess you weren’t tuned into the rumor mill in town,” Dean says.
“She wasn’t a little girl, you know,” he says finally.
After a few miles, close to the water, he comes upon a small cave. It’s not really even a cave, just a small opening into the steep cliff that juts out into the lake. It’s far too small for anything to have made a home in, lucky for Castiel, and so he claims it. It’s still quite early in the morning, and Castiel has nothing to do, so he curls up against the rock and falls asleep, his mind unable to banish the image of Dean’s face, apologizing for the words he didn’t refute.
“They’ll be here in a couple days,” Dean says, his mouth full of food. “We’ll decide what to do when Dad gets here. He always knows what to do.”
“Didn’t you hear me?” he growls. “Get the fuck down!”
Dean laughs, big and loud. Castiel can feel it in his stomach.
His head hurts like a
Dean rolls his eyes. Even without grace, Castiel is still a show-off.
Krissy rises from the table, her eyes wet. Castiel opens his arms to her and she comes into them, squeezing him tightly. She’s so much smaller than him, both in stature and in his mind (with millions of years to remember, she’s no more than a short blip at the end of a long timeline) but he is relieved to realize that he still loves her, with fierce protectiveness, the way a son loves a mother. She releases him and thumbs his cheek.
Castiel gasps and pushes the lube into Dean’s waiting hand, and Dean wastes no time in thumbing open the bottle and squeezing it onto his fingers. Castiel slings his legs up around Dean’s shoulders and guides his hand down, down to where he’s opening himself up for Dean, pink and puckered and perfect, and he groans, a pained, bitten-off noise when Dean slides a finger in.
“You have
: he has his brother to find.
“I won’t,” David says. “I’ve been training so hard, Krissy. Aaron and Ben say I’m really good!”
“Sam?” he says breathlessly, and Dean cannot believe that his stupid brother sat there on the line while Castiel chased him all over the house. “Yeah, I’ll call you back. No, I will not promise that. If I maim him it’s his own fault.”
He almost expects Dean to laugh at him, but when he looks at the other boy, he is scanning the trees with a determined look on his face and strategy in his eyes.
“He was surprised,” Castiel says, grabbing his jeans from where they were folded beside the cave. “I understand.”
Dean considers her. “And... what does the Bug’s mom think about that?”
“She was a demon, by the way.”
David smiles all the way home.
“Don’t,” Dean says, but it’s barely a refusal, and he doesn’t say anything when Castiel moves closer.
“You don’t get to completely disappear and take a random three-day cross-country trip to see someone we haven’t talked to in two years and then come back looking like you’re going to kill yourself and then not talk about it, Dean,” Sam rattles off, fast and angry. “You don’t get to do that. I’m your brother. You’re supposed to talk to me.”
“Dean?” Jessica laughs then, a lovely sound. “No, Uncle Dean never had kids. He never got married.”
The next morning, Sam hugs him goodbye, and it feels like
Castiel is silent for a moment, and when he speaks, his voice is poison. “Why not.”
“You’ve been hunting, Cas?”
“I’ve met Ingrid,” he says. “Many years ago, she helped me with Metatron. We lost touch after…”
“Hey, just wait until you’re trying to hit a moving target that’s coming at you with a knife,” Dean smirks, but he must notice how Castiel pales slightly at his, because he steps forward and pulls him in by the hips.
he is about all this; he knows himself well enough to say pretty firmly that if this had happened four years ago, he would have found himself sneaking out before the sun rose and leaving a vague note on the kitchen counter.
They don’t speak as they straighten their clothes and head into the house, and then Raphael has wings that spark and crackle and God might be dead, so there are no more stolen kisses in cars that night. But Castiel has felt Dean’s hands on his chest, on his hip, on his cheek, and, as he knows so well, there are some roads you go down where you can’t turn around and go back.
) but he can’t read the tight lines of Dean’s face, so he pulls back.
Dean plucks the phone from Castiel’s hand and says into the receiver, “You can both stop talking about me like I’m a five-year-old now.”
“Well, what am I supposed to do?”
Dean is a little insulted by just how surprised Castiel sounds. Dean had said he would call, didn’t he?
Dean,
Dean resists the urge to vomit. Salad. She brought him
“Castiel—”
“What do you mean you can’t?” That’s Cas again. “What the
that woman, and I couldn’t even--”
Dean raises both eyebrows.
, Garth! You want him to get killed, you want all our hard work to be for nothing? He was
Dean doesn’t say anything, but nestles closer into Castiel’s lap, so Castiel continues to run his fingers through the other boy’s hair until night has truly come to the forest and they are plunged completely into darkness.
, and it’s a struggle to stay awake, but he’s desperate to know what’s happening.
Garth considers him, then finally tosses down his fork.
don’t like this! I don’t want to think about what would have happened if I’d arrived a few hours later, or if I hadn’t been on the hunt at all.”
“I thought you were going to be a lot older before I had to explain this to you,” he says. “In the morning, remind me to get you a book. After you read the books, you and I will have to have a talk.”
Cas, please,” he begs, but he doesn’t even know what he’s asking for.
Castiel’s eyes narrow as he looks from Dean to the little girl. She has blonde pigtails and she’s wearing coveralls. But her lips are curled into a sneer that doesn’t fit the youth of her face.
Castiel glances over at Dean, sees that look in his eye. He wishes he could wipe it clean; he wishes Dean could be young.
A large man, also wearing a suit, has Castiel’s other arm.
Castiel shifts in Dean’s arms. He doesn’t know how to tell Dean that he’s never going back there, doesn’t know if this will be welcomed with celebration or awkwardness.
“Go now,” he says. “I’ll take care of Lisa and Ben.”
“Hey, man! It’s been a while.”
. Like, as in
“I mean, you must be missing your mom,” Dean says, and he’s not meeting Castiel’s eyes. “And... friends, or whatever. You can tell the cops I kidnapped you. It’ll be fine.”
Dean isn’t expecting Sam to be home for a few hours, so he wallows. He puts on Dr. Sexy (the entire DVD box set was last year’s Christmas present from Sam) and watches a few episodes as he stuffs his face with the entire contents of the refrigerator.
“Well,” Kevin says, turning around and resting an arm on the back of the bench seat. “There is a way to remember.”
“I like romantic drama,” he says in his lowest voice.
Dean is suddenly hit with a wave of nervousness. Is Castiel going to beat him up in the alley and leave him for dead? Or (his heart lurches at the thought) something else?
“Shut your mouth, you bitch,” Dean snaps.
So while Castiel’s peers are at the mall or the movies or getting drunk in each other’s basements, Castiel is standing in the aisle of the local convenience store that holds the truly terrible dramatic and romantic paperbacks.
“Let’s get you upstairs,” Cas says, but Dean, with all his drunk might, shoves Castiel away.
“Morning, Dean,” Melissa chirps, setting a pile of eggs and bacon in front of him and ruffling his hair affectionately.
John comes stalking back through the door, Dean in tow, and nods approvingly at the shotgun shells laid out before Castiel and Sam.
Castiel nods. There’s a long silence.
Cas rolls his eyes.
He and Jessica are practically attached at the hip for the rest of his and Garth’s vacation, and while she can be slightly exuberant, which he’s unused to, it’s nice to spend time with someone who has known him for so long. David is sad to say goodbye to her when it’s time to go back home, and he hugs her for a long time before he gets back into Garth’s old Ford Ranchero.
David wilts slightly, and Garth goes to make some calls. Within the week, two of Garth’s hunters show up to spar with him. One is Ben, who sometimes partners with Claire, but is currently flying solo. He’s tall and brown-haired and serious and mostly seems to have a bad attitude about everything, but David sometimes catches him smiling when David manages to beat him in a fight. The other is Aaron, a lanky man with dark skin who is goofy and seems to find talking to him hilarious. They’re all taking a break, lounging in the sun with sweaty bottles of coke, when David asks, “How did you both get into hunting?”
From behind him, he hears John yell, “Dean, no!” and the terror at what Dean might be doing gives him strength.
Castiel can’t help the blush that creeps up his neck.
But right now, in this moment, standing with Castiel in his bedroom (and the room is so Castiel, it practically screams bookish, nerdy ex-angel of the Lord) he feels like he’s sixteen. His hands are shaking and his throat is tight, like he’s never done this before, like he’s going to mess it up.
Castiel doesn’t understand, so he doesn’t say anything.
Castiel doesn’t close his eyes when he brushes his lips against Dean in a feather-light kiss, but Dean’s eyelashes flutter against his cheeks, and he doesn’t push Castiel away.
, it’s Jude. “Dean, what’s… what’s going on?”
He doesn’t know how long he stands in the yard, staring at the house, but the sky has only grown darker by the time he finally drags his heavy feet up the front porch steps and knocks firmly on the door.
Gina sucks in a sharp breath.
Dean’s stomach does a weird, happy little flip at the small smile on Sam’s face, and he pushes away all of the self-loathing and angst of the Cas Situation to grin at his brother.
Meg’s eyes slide around the room, taking in all the devil’s traps, and they harden when they reach Castiel.
David wriggles in his binds but it’s no use. The amount of blood leaving Claire’s body has got to be lethal and he can see her eyelids fluttering and he knows she must be close to passing out and he can feel something huge building in his chest when he shouts, “
“What the hell?” Cas says, shocked. “Dean, let me—”
Dean flashes him a toothy grin. “Did I scare you?” he asks, and holds out pants and a tee shirt. “To sleep in. I mean, you don’t have to go to sleep now. But... for whenever you need them.”
Mark laughs, and it’s a fucking inside joke again, and that asshole is so lucky Dean doesn’t want to stab anyone tonight, because he’d be first on Dean’s list. Mark saunters away and Dean’s sure he’s swaying his hips slightly more than necessary, but his jaw drops when he realizes Cas is watching.
“Dean?” a voice says, and then there’s hands on him, pulling the sheets back and touching his face as well as the huge lump on the back of his head (the
“You can’t tell me what to do, Cas,” Dean says. “I want to hunt. I’m gonna hunt. Get over it.”
But the words are softened when, as Dean is fading back into sleep, Castiel brushes a gentle hand across his forehead.
It shouldn’t affect him this much, watching Nick and Jude together, but it does. They’ve kissed before, in front of him, smiled soppily at each other, had entire conversations with their eyes at the bar about when they should leave and go home. And Jude has dark hair and blue eyes and sometimes when he looks at Nick, Dean sees something so familiar it makes his gut ache.
“Yes, we are,” Castiel grits out, “and we will always be, because it’s the entire reason we were a team in the first place.”
Paul follows Dean’s gaze to Nick and Jude, who are still playing tonsil-hockey. Paul must see something in Dean’s eyes because he suddenly looks like he understands.
Castiel smiles, letting himself be pulled up against Dean’s body, and he winds his arms around the other boy’s neck. Dean dips his head and presses their lips together, soft at first, and then more demanding, persistent but relaxed, sweet as sugar. They wrap even tighter together, and Castiel’s not sure he’ll ever be able to tear himself away from Dean ever again, not if Dean keeps doing that thing with his tongue...
Castiel almost refuses.
“It’s what I was born to do, Sam.”
“Dean?” Cas says.
“You’re not acting like an adult, Dean,” Sam says.
When he’s seventeen, Garth takes him to Texas to meet his family. Garth hasn’t seen them since David moved in, mostly because they’re not hunters and he hates to put his family in danger by involving them in what he does. Garth’s wife, Annabelle, lives in Monahans, and they take a nice long road trip down in April.
“Dean. No.”
Krissy grins at him. “Me, too,” she said conspiratorially. “But
Castiel looks like he’s never seen someone laugh before, and Dean can’t stop. The silent car ride home is punctuated by bursts of snorting, and after a few minutes, Castiel starts to get annoyed.
“Run,” Dean croaks, but Alastair presses a thumb into his windpipe, and before Castiel can move, he throws out an arm and pins Castiel to an opposite tree, keeping him there with his powers alone. Castiel struggles, but it’s as if there are invisible ropes binding his arms and legs.
“So after we,” Dean starts, but he can’t continue. There’s a lump in his throat that tastes like acid and if he opens his mouth he’s going to vomit or cry and he refuses to do either in front of Cas right now.
Dean nods, but his insides are churning. He’s positive that there’s something else going on with Castiel, and if Castiel isn’t going to tell him, he’s just going to figure it out himself.
“You drove my car all the way from
Castiel says, “You have got to be fucking kidding me.”
Castiel’s throat works, like he’s holding back a sob. “That’s what I thought,” he says. “I thought I wouldn’t trade it for anything.” He leans down and kisses Dean’s bloody lips, just once, so quickly it barely feels real. “I was wrong. Shut your eyes, Sam.”
“How is Sam?” Castiel asks.
Not my guardian angel or whatever. I never cared about any of that shit.”
But Sam has big anime-eyes that are blinking tearily at him, so he opens up his arms and Sam dives in. It’s a big awkward because of the angle but Sam is snuffling like a girl into his shoulder and Dean can’t push him away.
Castiel runs a finger along the rim of the wine glass. “Not currently.”
“I think you and I need to have a talk,” Garth says. “Krissy, Kevin, make sure those splints are working okay. Everyone else, there’s fixins’ for sandwiches in the fridge, help yourselves.” He beckons to Castiel, who rises on shaky legs and follows him to the library.
David learns who Jessica is at lunchtime when the doorbell rings and in bounds a tall girl who’s probably about his age.
“It’s not the job, man!” Dean smacks his palm onto the table. “It’s this
“Call me anytime,” she says, pressing a quick kiss to his lips.
“Is the bed okay?” he asks, and then in a huskier voice, “You wanna try it out?”
The next day brings Krissy to the door, and she stomps into the house with her big boots and almost shoves Garth through the wall. David watches from the stairwell.
Castiel’s eyes snap open and he scrambles to the mouth of the cave.
“Um,” David says. “Only what I’ve read in Garth’s books. And I know... Aaron sold his soul to one once. Ben says they’re mostly not very nice.”
“Are you sure?” David asks miserably. Garth reaches out and ruffles his hair.
“Nothing!” Dean snaps, pulling on his socks and shoes with a tad more ire than necessary. “Nothing at all, Cas. It’s nice to know how you really feel. Next time I won’t travel two thousand miles for a
“We’re banned from interfering with Winchesters. You know that, Castiel.”
Dean chuckles, but there’s something else there, too, something dark and needy.
“But,” Castiel says solemnly. “I wouldn’t trade it. Not for anything.”
“Bye-bye, Dean,” June says mournfully, face blotted and red. Dean had already hugged and kissed her thoroughly inside, but she’d cried the whole time.
“But... how does he get out? Does he get out? What happens to Sam? What about Lillith?”
Dean debates for about three seconds about whether to tell him the actual dream, then launches into what he had actually practiced.
She sighs heavily from behind him and the bed squeaks as she gets up and stalks off to take a shower. Dean sighs a bit less dramatically and tries his best to fall back asleep.
“Dean, are you... are you happy here?”
“Hi,” Dean says.
Castiel doesn’t say that he doesn’t give a fuck about school. He wants to say that his mother would probably be happy if he did something scandalous like run away from home-- it would give her something to gossip about. He doesn’t say that all he wants is to spend the rest of his life in the passenger seat of Dean’s car, doing whatever Dean is doing. He just bites his lip and swallows hard so he won’t cry in front of Dean.
After about an hour, Dean scoots closer to him on the couch and starts to read over his shoulder.
“I don’t know,” is all he can say. “I told you, I was drunk. I wasn’t figuring anything.”
“Hello,” he says, patting her back. He’s not sure how he’s supposed to know her.
“I’m not an angel anymore!” Castiel whispers angrily. “I’m of no use to you.”
“You’re crushing my lungs,” Castiel swats at him, laughing.
“No, of course not,” Garth says. “You... well, listen, kid, there’s something out there for everybody. You got somebody waiting for you out there. Don’t worry about it in the meantime. You’ll find them.”
(it reads)
“Here’s lookin’ at you, kid,” Castiel says, and wincing, he pulls the trigger.
Dean tries to crush the guy’s fingers but is unsuccessful. “Dean,” he grits out.
“I just can’t believe you’re
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” Krissy asks, hovering, as Charlie places her fingertips on David’s temples.
Dean takes a shallow breath. “You said,” he chokes out, coughing through the blood in his throat. “You wouldn’t… trade it… for anything.”
“That’s what you do,” he says faintly. “You and Kevin, and... and
Castiel can’t help the smile that spreads across his face at John’s words, but his enthusiasm fades when he realizes that Dean and Alastair are gone.
As he falls none-too-gently back onto the bed, he’s aware of Castiel’s hands underneath his armpits, hauling him back into a supine position and throwing the sheets back over him.
“It’s late,” Castiel says. “Let’s go.”
Dean Winchester just stares at Castiel.
What he’s about to do is far braver, because he’s fully aware he’s doing it.
“Dude!” Dean holds up a hand, halting Sam’s breakdown. “Not you,
David raises a hand to flatten his hair nervously. He’s never been told he looks like anybody before; he’s not related to anyone he knows so he doesn’t resemble any of the people that raised him. He bites his lips and blurts out, “What’s your father like?”
“Bye-bye, Dean,” the demon says.
“Well, I am.”
“And you figured showing up on my doorstep is what I would prefer?” Castiel asks, his eyes finally finding Dean’s.
Dean lumbers down the stairs the next morning to find Sam ready at the kitchen table with eggs, bacon, and orange juice, hands folded on the table like he’s about to conduct an interview.
They all exchange glances, lost for words, and it’s Kevin that speaks up.
Dean begins to position his arms so that he’s holding the gun the right way, but he seems dissatisfied with the result. Finally, he steps up behind Castiel and guides him into the proper stance. Castiel shivers at how closely Dean is pressed up against his back. Dean sighs a laugh into his ear.
“I’m not afraid of you,” Castiel says definitively. “You were very brave.”
And sometimes it’s to protect and reassure, after close encounters with monsters. Sometimes it happens while they’re laughing, and they can feel each other smiling. Sometimes it’s angry, because time has been wasted. Sometimes it hurts and hurts and hurts, and there’s blood in their mouths and on their hands and nothing they say or do can make it better. But sometimes it’s like believing again, believing that one day they will be like this in a bed, or in Dean’s car, or on the couch next to Sam, who will make faces and groan but be
“What happened,” he croaks. His hand flies to his throat. He sounds like he’s been smoking for twenty years.
They sleep spooned under the wool blanket, their legs intertwined, Dean’s arm wrapped firmly around Castiel, who is tucked under his chin.
“Hey, Cas,” the intruder says casually. “Haven’t seen you ‘round much lately.”
“Hello,” Castiel says faintly, still staring at him.
Krissy comes to bring him lunch, and she sits on his bed with him while he eats, stroking his hair.
“So,” Dean says as Alex Trebek is shaking the winner’s hand.
“What?” Dean breathes. “What do you want, Cas?”
A chill goes down Dean’s spine.
Almost immediately, a waitress arrives with what looks like bourbon and sets it in front of Castiel.
“Or is it,” the demon continues, stroking its cheek, “that you were never that good, and it was always Sam, or Cas, or your dad covering your ass?” It looks down at Dean, and smiles.
Castiel throws his book at Dean’s head, which causes Dean to launch himself at Castiel, and soon they’ve fallen off the couch completely and are wrestling like puppies on the rug. Castiel doesn’t even realize that he’s laughing until Dean pins his hands and says, “Hey. Something funny?”
To Castiel’s credit, he does not rise to the argument that Dean is practically begging for. He just smiles one of his very quiet, private smiles and says, “You would be a very good father, Dean.”
get away with his,” Claire snaps.
“He’s just a kid!” Krissy shouts, tears in her eyes.
“All right then,” he says. “I can take a hint. Come on, let’s make dinner.”
Dean and Castiel share a significant glance.
Castiel glares at him.
Castiel stirs slightly and murmurs, “Time is it?”
They’ve been driving for close to four hours, and neither of them has said a single word. This isn’t unusual for Castiel, but Dean keeps opening his mouth and then closing it again.
Sam immediately starts shrieking about how it’s four o’clock in the afternoon and Dean’s been missing for hours and this is why Sam needs the phone numbers of all of Dean’s friends, and it sounds like he’ll be screaming for hours if Dean doesn’t stop him.
He taps the charm with his forefinger, and the amulet thuds against Castiel’s chest like a heartbeat. Dean’s touch fills him up with courage.
and watches her eyes flutter shut. He leans forward and presses a kiss to her plump baby cheek, and when he straightens up Castiel is watching him with very sad eyes.
He’s right: Sam and John have painted entrapments all over the cabin, by every door and one large one in the family room. Dean pulls Castiel close and slides an amulet on a thin black cord around his neck.
He picks up a fistful of leaves and flings it at the nearest tree. He tries very, very hard, with every scrap of his being, to hate Dean. But all he can think about is Dean’s face when he threw the bottle at Lilith, Dean’s hands on the steering wheel as they wound their way up through the mountains, Dean’s fingers running through his hair, and he can’t do it, he can’t hate him, not after all this.
“I... I didn’t say thank you,” Dean says. “For Lilith, and Meg. And Alastair. You don’t know what that means to me, to my family. So... thank you.”
“You got it,” Dean leans in to kiss her briefly before heading to the back to put the sandwich in the fridge.
, he wants to say,
“Thanks, babe,” he says to her, grinning.
It’s easy to fear death, to fear pain, and suffering, and war, and malice, but for Dean, Castiel has fierce, murderous, furious love, and Dean has never been more scared.
“Sam agrees with me,” Castiel says sanctimoniously. “Neither of us have any idea why you would want to hunt again, much less start out hunting with an entire nest of vampires!”
“Yes,” Castiel says, looking down at his arms. “Yes, I’m... me, I suppose. I remember everything.” He laughs shortly. “That’s not the first time I’ve said that.”
“I’m not miserable,” he says, miserably.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees.
Tears spill out of her eyes as she bites her lip, but she nods and mouths,
The rest of the year leading up to David’s eighteenth birthday is slow but anything but boring. He’s constantly tagging along on hunts with Aaron, Ben, and Claire, and he even goes on one with Krissy and Aiden. They all comment on his prowess and how far he’s come, and they even start referring to him as a member of their team. David glows basking in their attentions; he should have known it was too good to last.
,” Castiel argues.
Dean feels like they practically buy out the liquor store, and his arms are weighed down by bags of rum and whiskey by the time they get to Paul’s-friend-Gina’s house. The woman who takes the bags from him has long, dark, hair, and she gives him an appreciative once-over.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Dean rubbing his face with his hand, and then he edges closer to Castiel.
“Leave him alone,” Sam says, and he and Dean start for the angels.
“So, uh... how’ve you been?”
Castiel feels sick, not just in his stomach, but everywhere: his head, his hands, his trembling legs. He catches Dean’s eyes again and he can’t tell if the apology in them is because John Winchester is wrong or because he’s right.
“I wasn’t really afraid you were dead,” he says quietly. “I was... more afraid that you’d hitchhiked back into town. That you’d gone back to Westborough and I would just be this weird, awful memory that you would never tell anyone about.”
“What,” David repeats.
“Dean, those vampires almost killed you,” he says flatly.
After hugging and kissing June within an inch of her life to make up for the months away, he deposits her on the floor and plunks Castiel down next to her. When June shoves a little toy dog into his hand and he turns to look at Dean, baffled, Dean smirks and says, “Play.”
His eyes look so open in that moment, and there’s his Cas, his angel, who has always stood by him and done what he thought was necessary to keep him safe. That’s what he’s been looking for in California for two years, and never found.
that are probably radiating off of him.
“Shit,” he breathes. “Oh, shit.”
“What?” he whispers.
They’re both out of breath, and Castiel knows Dean is staring at his lips. He knows how easy it would be to dip his head down, brush his mouth against Dean’s, press kisses to his willing neck. Part of him wants to, in a way he’s never known he could want. But then he remembers dinner, and the demons, and how he doesn’t even know where he’s going to be in a few days, and he releases Dean’s wrists and sits up.
Dean’s not sure which part of him hurts the most: his nose is definitely broken, and his back is probably scraped up pretty good from being thrown against a brick wall. Castiel hits him again, and again, and again, and his shoulder blades feel like they’re cracking, and his ribs are crushing his heart, and the worst part is, he wants it. He wants to beg Castiel to break him into a thousand little pieces and scatter him across the world.
Castiel’s heart is pounding so fiercely he’s sure it’s going to beat out of his chest. This is it. This is what he’s been waiting for. This is what his silence has been building up to, why it started in the first place. Dean is speaking to him like he’s a real person, like he matters, like the words he’s saying matter.
Castiel shrugs. “If she was lying, we’ll know soon enough. But it’s good to know she’s operating alone.”
“What?”
He strikes gold when a bartender tells him that there’s a whole bunch of weirdos squatting at the old Cleveland place up the road.
So they have a life. Sam goes to school. Dean works at a garage. They pretend they didn’t just spend the last twenty years dying and crashing and burning and losing. They acclimate. They assimilate. They’re civs, for Christ’s sake.
“So, I, uh...” Dean laughs a little and scratches the back of his head. “I called because... well, I had a really funny dream about you last night.”
“What are they like?” David asks. “They’re the only thing I haven’t learned much about. Garth doesn’t like talking about them.”
Dean is amazed by how much June takes to Castiel. If he’d been asked before today, he would have thought that Castiel would be awkward and stiff around children, the same way he is around  most strangers. But he and June play on the floor for what seems like hours, and when it’s her bed-time, she absolutely
Dean quiets, but Castiel can see in the dying light that Dean looks absolutely paralyzed with fear and relief, like he was expecting to find Castiel’s skeleton, picked clean of flesh by wolves or something.
Porcelain coffee mugs leap from the cabinets and shatter on the floor; Chuck laments as the walls shake and harsh, glaring light makes itself known through the window blinds.
“Hey, if I knew you drank wine, I would’ve brought you a bottle from California,” he says.
The man standing in the doorway, gripping the collar of the bloodhound with white knuckled hands, looks nothing like the Castiel Dean remembers. His hair’s grown out, for one thing. He’s wearing a flannel shirt and faded jeans and work boots, for another. And his face looks more relaxed-- or, at least it did. Now it’s staring at him with a mixture of confusion and shock, and it’s only those wide, familiar blue eyes that make Dean positive it’s even Castiel.
“What about Dean?” he asks to keep himself from crying. “Does he have kids?”
Soon they will get out of the dark, damp cave.
“Dad exorcised her,” Sam answers. There’s blood on his cheek. “He took the girl, the vessel, to a hospital. She doesn’t remember anything... he told her that he found her wandering around the woods.”
Dean Winchester glares at him, hair matted with mud, eyes green and startling against his bloodied face.
Castiel has his own stories to tell, his own landmarks. He still doesn’t say a word.
“Give it
“Woah,” Dean breathes. “Since you lost your grace?”
“Bye, Bug,” he waves, and then, “Bye, Sammy,” and he has to fight the lump that creeps up in his throat when he pulls out of the driveway and watches them in the rearview, Sam and the beautiful girl and the kid, the perfect family, everything he’s ever wanted for his brother.
“Weird,” Sam says through a mouthful of sandwich when Dean relates the story the next afternoon.
Cas, his fierce, angry angel of the Lord, on a mission. Then there’s a familiar palm on his forehead, and Cas sends him, once again, to save his baby brother.
“David!” she squeals when she sees him, and launches herself at him.
“It doesn’t matter,” Dean says dismissively. “I’m going to keep hunting and you can’t stop me.”
“Fuck you,” Castiel says, and if Dean wasn’t literally in the middle of passing out, he would hear the hurt and tears in Castiel’s voice. As it is, he’s already being swallowed up by darkness, and everything is lost to oblivion.
The night of his fifteenth birthday is the first night he touches himself, trying desperately to think of women, men, anyone he knows, everyone he’s met, but he can’t finish. It is only the unbidden thought of the green eyes of his dreams that has him choking and spilling into his hand, and he’s so upset that he doesn’t even get up to clean himself off, just wipes his hands on his sheets and presses his face into his pillow angrily.
“There’s the tree I hit the first time I tried to drive the car. I was thirteen.”
Dean lurches awake, his foot on a dream-step that collapses and sends him spinning back to his bed, forehead damp with sweat, his legs tangled in his sheets, and...
The door crashes open after only a few moments, and the three demons stroll in as if they are arriving at a party. There are two men and one woman; one of them men is tall and thin, with sunken eyes, his brother a stocky character wearing a cruel smirk. Their sister has curly brown hair and a sweet round face, and Castiel’s chest tightens when he thinks about how that body belongs to a human, a girl.
“Don’t touch me,” Dean says, swaying slightly, knowing everything is coming out wrong but powerless to stop it.
“I’m sorry I’m not as powerful an ally without my grace, Dean,” Castiel says, avoiding his eyes.
Garth comes bustling in, chewing on a stalk of celery. “What?”
“No,” Dean tries to say. He raises a large, clumsy hand and tries to grab the vial.
There’s a cave in Purgatory that is dark and damp. There are fingers that fumble, there are lips that meet, there are apologies and promises pressed into skin.
“Thanks,” Dean says, his throat thick.
Paul smiles at him. “Hey, buddy,” he says. “How’s Gina? You two looked pretty comfortable.”
As in,
that’s always been there, since the first moment in that barn when the shadow of a great pair of wings turned everything he ever thought he knew completely upside down.
“How long?”
Castiel chews on his lower lip (such a human trait; Dean wants to reach across the table and pull it free) and sits back in his chair.
tell Kevin, he’ll freak out and give you his whole Sam speech.”
“I was
“How cliche is this?” he says. “We’re a bad romantic drama, man.”
It’s Nick, but something is wrong. His voice, usually bright and buoyant, slips through the phone speakers like smoke. It takes Dean too long to put it together, but when he does, his heart plummets into his shoes.
He wakes to raised voices. He’s in his own bed, blankets wrapped tight around him. He can hear Garth’s voice downstairs, as well as Krissy, Kevin, Josephine, and (he breathes a sigh of relief) Claire.
David shakes his head, and Kevin cracks the door open and slides into the driver’s seat.
“Well, hey there, handsome,” she says, grinning. Dean laughs. Her teeth are
Dean’s arm is about an inch from Castiel’s fingers, so he stretches slightly to play idly at the frayed material of Dean’s sleeve. He can feel Dean watching him, so he glances up. He means to stick out his tongue, make Dean laugh, but the impulse is lost when he sees the look in Dean’s eyes. He recognizes that look; he’s seen it on the covers of the books he reads. That’s truth. And it’s aimed at him.
“That’s not a matter that I concern—“
Too slowly for his taste, but relentlessly all the same, the vines loosed their grip on him. Castiel slipped out at last and slid to the floor. The room spun at the effort he had expended. Still dizzy, stumbling slightly, Castiel picked himself up and hurtled after Dean and Lucifer.
Castiel waved at the car’s occupants as he slid into the passenger seat, the Impala creaking a welcome as he settled in. Dean gestured towards the back seat. “You remember Kevin. And this is his girlfriend, Channing.”
There was vast love there, deep as a well and thick as the earth. Castiel knit the words he needed together almost without thought and when he was ready, he spoke them aloud.
“And Lucifer?” Castiel glanced around warily.
“Guess so.” Dean’s voice sounded strange and Castiel looked at him. Dean stared out the door into the back garden. A light breeze ran along the hedge leaves and a cardinal sang in the wide oak that spanned the property line. “Dunno if I’m happy or not.”
Dean looked down at his body then, and traced a hand along his torn and bloodied shirt. He flickered again.
That thought ached, and only partially because of what he would be missing if Lyrebird never made it to market. Over the past few months, he’d witnessed how much of himself Dean poured into his work. He always spoke so lightly, so dismissively of his contributions, but everything he had seemed dedicated to making it work for larger-scale production. The headset had gone from something a little too Frankenstein’s Monster to ever pass for normal to something sleek and lightweight, designed in black and chrome silver. Now it might pass for an elaborate bluetooth headset more than anything.
And yet. He was dating Dean now.
“That dust up with your family? The way the business imploded? Cassie, it almost took you out too.”
Castiel had earned a reputation in this city over the last couple of years, grateful to discover that his baking seemed to do the talking for him. Even with private events, like this one, there were usually at least one or two customers who had visited his food truck at least once before. Repeat customers often did Castiel’s proselytizing work for him, and as the attendance at today’s function swelled, Castiel found his truck’s patronage grew in proportion.
They bought their tokens and beelined for the stall across the street. There was no business name, just a very large banner that read FRIED BACON ON STICK.
When he hung up the phone, Castiel stared at the porch door warily and steadied himself. “I just need some rest,” he told the house. He edged back inside. “We’re going to get along just fine, right?” he asked the
“I don’t—“ Castiel edged further away from the ghost, remembering the wind that had torn apart his living room. “If he is, I don’t know how to reach him. Is there any way you can just…fly to him?” He flapped a hand around like a wild bird.
he wanted to say. But that sounded incredibly cliché. “Glad you found--”
Hannah’s work with him, it turned out, was to assess any current physical issues that might require a programmatic change in the code that controlled the device. They would also do detailed imaging work which would help them to create a personalized vocal profile. She led him from the little screening room and down another hallway.
“Cas,” Charlie said, catching him as he swayed. “It’s okay, we—”
The embrace was… Nice was too simple a word to properly explain it. The embrace was sunshine on his face, sweet honey on his lips, flowers underfoot.
“These hold fertilizer, numb nuts,” the guard spat, voice moving away towards the mouth of the truck. “For the plants?”
“Damn it,” Dean growled, and sprinted back towards the guards and their victim. The first one went down quickly, Dean’s blow to the back of his head delivered squarely. He fell into the dirt next to the beggar. Dean finished the job with a quick strike of his boot to the guard’s temple. The second guard swore at him before swinging into a defensive stance. This had the effect of freeing their victim from his blows. But the second guard was a burly man, well fed and well trained. His fists landed like thunder across Dean’s upraised arms, cutting into his ribs when he managed to slip a blow past Dean’s defenses. When the guard finally fell, blood anointed Dean’s forehead, and his knuckles ached.
In the midst of the chaos, Dean moved like a cobra striking, lunging across one of the tables and hauling Crowley upwards and inwards across its surface. A knife flashed in his hand, at Crowley’s neck.
“Guess they know their shit,” Dean said with an amused huff at Castiel’s disgruntled expression. He pulled out a knife and scratched away a leg of one sigil, destroying the angel warding that ringed the cabin. “Come on, does this stuff even bother you anymore? Mister snores-in-his-sleep?”
Castiel looked at his ruined dinner. “What am I doing?” he asked the smoking avocado. “What the
Something like a groan escaped from his lips.
. It hovered over the letter for just a second before racing to the next. Castiel tried to memorize the letters hurriedly, his mind too addled to completely put it together.
Castiel groaned sympathetically, tasting cardamom. He raised himself onto his toes and reached over his own counter, fishing a paper sheet from the box near the register. He snagged a bright orange flower cookie, his signature sugar bee perched on a petal, and brought it over to Alicia. He presented it like a trophy.
Dean caught the pie and tossed it to clatter on the bedside table. He raked fingers through his hair as a muscle in his jaw worked. He was clenching his teeth, and it was with a voice thick with strain that he finally said, “Fine. I’m coming, though.”
If any of his tension was apparent, the woman guiding him down a bright, sunny hallway didn’t mention it. “My name’s Hannah. I’m the speech therapist in our little group, so I’ll be evaluating you this afternoon. It’s so great that you could join our study,” she told him. “We’re doing some really exciting work with speech software. You haven’t participated in any of our other work, have you?” Castiel shook his head and her mouth slipped up into a wry half smile. “Winchester said you’d be new to all this, but he thought you’d be a good addition.”
, Castiel thought, and tossed a shredded ball of little bluestem to plummet to the pavement below. He squinted at the rising sun. It was astonishing how malevolent a clear sky could be when he was in no mood to enjoy it.
No, Castiel doesn’t deserve that honor. But damn, he wants to take it.
of what he did with it. He never hurt anybody with his pies. They were just food. Just like that ice cream. He tried to bundle up and quarantine his hurt so he could present a calm facade, but his fingers trembled from suppressed words, from emotion packing up like lava under his skin.
Castiel blinks. Shakes his head. “That’s not what you said here,” he reminds his memory of Dean - himself, he supposes. “You—“
If a stomach could drop entirely out of a body, Castiel’s did that now. Charlie had told Dean about the Throne Room deal? Why? “The Throne Room,” he repeated and his voice shook. “Are you sure?” The resultant pie was a blackened thing and suddenly not caring, Castiel let it drop to the front step.
“It’s
Dean relaxed in the atmosphere like he’d been born to it. He slung one thumb into the strap of his backpack, jammed with a selection of tradable goods pulled from the Jeep’s storage lockboxes. His other hand rested lightly on his holstered weapon. “Let’s grab a seat at the bar. See what we turn up.”
* * *
“I can cook,” Sam insisted. He flicked a middle finger at Dean.
“Can I get you anything? Water? Soda? Snacks?” Castiel shook his head, turning resolutely to the screen.
There was nothing he could do but nod in encouragement and acceptance. He understood running, and how the past could catch up at the worst times.
, and reluctantly pulled his hand from Dean. He grimaced an apology and stood, heading for the mouth of their lane.
Dean shuffled to the side, just a hair, just enough to jostle him companionably. The plan was set, Dean’s mood was light, and Castiel tried not to enjoy it too much.
Castiel heaved a long breath and looked away, torn and utterly without a good excuse. He could say Charlie needed his help with something, although Dean knew Charlie was gone for the next three weeks. Castiel would have to become a hermit to keep up the pretense that he’d gone with her, and that seemed exhausting. Dean curled his hand over Castiel’s thigh, thumb running soothingly along the outer seam of his jeans. “Hey,” he said, gently. “I know you don’t like to talk about family. And holidays are hard. I get that. But maybe it’s time to start some new family traditions. Better ones. I’ll even make sure we keep a lid on the prank wars this year.” Dean stared at him, fingers tightening. “Please? Come with me?”
Dean shuddered. “Yeah. Completely raw, or most of it was, anyway.”
The dream changed. A light breeze ruffled his hair and trees sighed around them, over them. Sun warmed their skin.
They stayed until visiting hours were nearly over. Castiel held Charlie’s mother’s hand for nearly all of it, desperate to reach some sort of epiphany that might prepare him for the next day. When a nurse poked his head in to announce that visiting hours were nearly over, Charlie declared them done for the day.
Sam had drawn back, sitting back on his heels. He met Castiel’s gaze with an incredulous smile. “Uh,” he said, running perfectly manicured hands through his hair. “So. You guys know a way out of here?”
Castiel instinctively retreated a step into the shelter of his truck while his traitorous mind committed every detail of Dean’s tongue swiping his lower lip to memory.
“Problems?” Crowley asked again, with an edge this time.
Castiel swallowed and nodded. He led the way forward at first by halting steps, then in a full-tilt sprint.
Castiel woke with his heart racing and his chest tight. He opened his eyes into the deep gray of his bedroom, spread his fingers across his chest, and gulped in long, shuddering breaths. A chill wrapped around the room. The walls creaked.
“Mister Crowley is currently engaged with a client,” the other guard said. “You’ll have to come back later.” She indicated a table near the door. “Or you can wait there if you like.”
Castiel smiled in amusement. “You made good use of it. You found your way to my castle, after all. And none apparently the wiser.”
“S’okay.” Castiel still burned for him. “Keep— Keep going.”
It was the summer solstice. The solstice was a day, Amara had explained to him months ago in their encounter in the park, that could bolster spells. In the lead-up to today, he and Dean had talked about Amara at length. She’d delivered a one-time offer to them to meet him on the solstice and undo his curse. Instead, Castiel had decided to keep the magic, and use it better.
Castiel unhooked the strings of holiday lights from the canopy of his truck feeling well satisfied. The Hooper Street market was no Night Market, with blocks and blocks dedicated to commerce and magical revelry. This was just a two block neighborhood market, but with a growing reputation as a destination for purchasers of magical goods. The hand-made pies, cookies, and tarts went over well, but the true star of the evening were the pies he made by magic.
As they rushed out the door with coats unbuttoned and hats askew, Castiel felt hope rise up like a souffle. Today, he’d finally confront the witch.
“No deal,” Dean says, his eyes wide and earnest when they look at Castiel, sharp when they trace Meg. “Well, not that kind of deal anyway.” He fishes into his pocket and draws out a blood-red amulet. Holding it up he says, “This is it. Death’s reward. Take one and call me in the… Well, never call us again if you know what’s good for you.”
“We’ve never been there,” Charlie said. “But I figured it out. It’s the Throne Room.”
