They spend a nice evening.  Sherlock has revealed the new facts about the case, and complained about how frustrating it is for him to rely to second hand information.  The medical examiner who's in charge of the autopsy hasn't been able to find traces of violence in the body, but given it deterioration, it isn't really surprising.  What has him elevate the case to a "solid eight" is the examiner's supposition that the woman might have been poisoned.  He came to that conclusion after examining a few hairs under the microscope, noting a change in their molecular structure that can place the moment the poisoning has occurred.  That characteristic is often observed in people who have been poisoned with arsenic over a long period of time, but isn't exclusive to that specific substance.
Sherlock's laugh is weak, his eyes filled with tears.  "No, I don't think you get what I'm trying to tell you. I am selfish, egocentric, self-centred. I am an addict -and I always will be.  I cannot be trusted with myself.  When you aren't there, I forget to eat, I don't sleep -when on a case I push everything and everyone away.  I could be diagnosed with depression, chronic anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorder.  I am no father, John."
Sherlock explains, his voice quick and tinted with a tad of condescension, how he deduced it by the hints he got from Beeks himself, and around the house. However, John, who - he's not ashamed to admit - still loves those quick-fire deductions just as much as the first day, is distracted.  Something is wrong.  Sherlock seems to be acting... playing his own role, with just a bit of... too much.
John knows exactly what Mycroft is implying.  However, since it’s obviously a lie, some kind of test, maybe –because Mycroft is aware of John’s feelings toward Sherlock, of course he is, must have read it on John’s shirt collar or something-  he prefers to feign ignorance.
Each time John pushes in the tight, soft, warm channel, Sherlock trembles from head to toes, giving a soft, high-pitched moan.  John keeps the pace slow, driving his shaft as deep as he can, then pulling back until the head of his cock catches the rim of Sherlock's anus.  It's the first time they have had penetrative sex in two months. The intensity remains the same -yet it feels different now that Sherlock is so advanced in his pregnancy.  Different, but fuck, just as amazing.
The worried fiancé/doctor radar gets through John’s heavy wall of sleep.  He sits up abruptly, blinking in the darkness, asking what is wrong before he can process anything else.
Sherlock's phone buzzes three times in a row in John's pocket, making him jump in surprise. He takes it out and throws in the general direction of the couch.  Sherlock manages to catch it despite lying flat on his side, and that little demonstration of agility makes John's skin crawl, as if it's the last drop that makes the glass too full.
"I'd say she is multiracial, probably of a Hispanic mother and Caucasian father.  She did not die here.  The rocking chair and the doll are, of course, indicating a set up, but what I mean is she did not die in this room."
"Because it is all so very stupid!" Sherlock shouts, lifting both arms.  Trust Sherlock to get angry at the discovery of a true and impartial good action on his part. "It... this man, Beeks, he is not a bad person.  He isn't completely stupid either.  He just reacted in a stupid way.  He must have been in shock the night he discovered his wife's body, and Angela must have been hysterical when she caught him.  He just... made a series of stupid decisions.  Because his traumatized, depressed, irrational wife had reduced his life to her universe.  I cannot judge Alexandra Jez, we do not know the extent of the cruelty she suffered at the hands of her father.  She should have accepted help.  Beeks should have forced her hand.  Angie shouldn't have been there that night.  There is no logic in this case, and certainly no culprit.  So tell me, John, what good would it do to put a seventeen-year-old with Down syndrome and her infant half sister through the hell of child protection services?"
Once a term during the school year, Mycroft Holmes came down from Oxford to visit his younger brother at Winchester College where the boy spent the greater part of his year, and had since he was five years old. The only exceptions were a fortnight in France each August and five vaguely uncomfortable days over Christmas at the Holmes family estate. Holmes
Sherlock then saw that the tips against the sky had disappeared. "I could have sworn it was here when I brought in your tea, sir. Still, one can never be certain."
? What do you remember? There must be something! How did you--how did you learn to speak English? You must see -- must see how extraordinary you are."
At the 58-minute mark, Mycroft rose from his desk. He straightened his tie with hands that barely shook at all, then cleared his throat, and picked up his umbrella--perhaps the only nervous habit he still permitted himself.
The creature inside of John growled and clutched at his head. "If my head wasn't made of this hideous mush I'd have had a way out of this thing figured out before now, but I can't. I'm so slow in this body that I can't figure out how to use it intelligently—can barely use it at all, for that matter. It must be opaque to our energy rays. I can't use it at all! It drives me frantic!”
A month in London with Mycroft did nothing to raise his spirits. He was as alone there as he had been in Somerset, and what was worse, he was entirely at loose ends, having—for the first time in his life—no studies to pursue nor occupation of any sort. For the first weeks, he kept to his bedroom and read through Mycroft’s entire library, railing at his tastes and intellectual deficiencies each evening when Mycroft returned home. Mycorft bore this with good grace, hoping his brother would soon settle on a more productive pursuit. In this, however, he was disappointed. Sherlock stagnated; Sherlock sank. Mycroft grew more worried.
He was astonished to find Victor Trevor sitting upon his bed, wanting an intimate talk. This might have moved him had it come earlier, but he had been so pained by the inhospitality, he had spent so lonely and so imbecilic a day, that he could respond to the past no longer. He wanted only to be alone. Victor felt the visit had been a failure, but, as he remarked, "Politics can't wait, and you happen to coincide with the rush." Sherlock politely and coldly said that he understood entirely.
“I refuse to accept that,” Sherlock said grimly. “If you die, John dies. I will not allow that to happen.”
Molly smiled in spite of herself. She and Sherlock had had their ups and downs over the years. She'd even quite fancied him once, God help her. But they'd reached a pattern of interaction that was beginning to feel almost like a friendship, if a strange one, and Molly was glad with all her heart that Sherlock wasn’t holding a grudge against her now.
"I can't force you. There's no use in my pretending otherwise. Your technology is far superior to anything I've got access to, and your biology is -- well. You have certain abilities which I do not. I cannot force you," he said again. "But" -- his voice took on a desperate edge -- "you must! You must return to your own body, and get Watson back into his. There's no other option! Not if you want to come out of this adventure alive, at any rate."
Mycroft continued, “I told you once, many years ago, that caring is not an advantage for men such as you and I. I told you that we must fight to master our base impulses, and extinguish all thoughts of passionate friendship in order to ensure our safety. I even advised you to shield yourself by taking a wife.”
Sherlock flinched. "Oh, go to Hell." He staggered to his feet and rushed out into the court. Once more he heard the bang of the outer door. Furious, he stood on the bridge in a night that resembled the first, drizzly with faint stars. He made no allowance for three weeks of torture unlike his own or for the poison which, secreted by one man, acts differently on another. He was enraged not to find his friend as he had left him. Twelve o'clock struck, one, two. He took the last of the cocaine Trevor had given him. He was planning what to say when there is nothing to say and the resources of speech are ended.
Flustered, Sherlock went. The stars blurred, the night had turned towards rain. But while the porter was getting the keys at the gate he heard quick footsteps behind him.
"A hundredth is enough to give us a look around, due to persistence of vision; and it is short enough so that the aliens won't see it unless they have a recording observer set on us. Even if they still have rays on us, they can't possibly neutralize our screens in that short an exposure.”
"I'll tell you my latest now," said Victor into his ear. "As soon as I got home I had a row with father and told him I should stop up a fourth year."
"Giovanni Lestrade, report to the Experimental Xenophysics Lab. Giovanni to Experimental Xenophysics immediately."
Sherlock restrained himself from making any obvious sign of distress, but as soon as his landlady had left his rooms, he groaned mightily and thrust his head into his hands, tugging violently on his dark curls. If you go you are ruined, he told himself. You must not consider it. If you reply your letter will be used against you. You must not reply. You are in danger, but he hasn't a scrap of your handwriting, and he's leaving England in ten days' time. Lie low, and hope for the best. He had been very foolish, but if he played his cards carefully for the next ten days he ought to get through. He telephoned again to Mycroft, who had little information to offer. John Watson, it seemed, was entirely ordinary and unremarkable, with no scandals in his past and no apparent criminal tendencies. Mycroft’s voice was subdued; he sounded unusually pensive as he rang off.
But at that instant, the door of the lab burst open and a half dozen uniformed security officers swarmed in, followed closely by an irate-looking Mycroft Holmes.
On reaching their own college, Trevor insisted that Sherlock come along to Sinclare’s for some music: “It’s the least I can offer, for your kind help in carrying it all.” Sherlock forbore to mention that he’d not been into anyone else’s rooms since coming up. He’d immediately rejected the few invitations he’d received, and his classmates had quickly got the message: if Trevor had a reputation for enjoying society, Holmes had acquired quite the opposite.
Sherlock was silent. He was desperate to hear what his father had told Mycroft, but his pride would not allow him to answer.
"Well, and why not?" Phil Anderson piped up, wandering past with a large coffee in his hand. "That course seems eminently prudent to me. In fact, at the present time, thumb-twiddling is distinctly indicated. Mr. Holmes told us not to interfere. I say we listen to the very powerful man who pays our salaries."
Unusual restlessness was on him. It recalled the initial night at Oxford, that first night with Victor. The rain stopped, suddenly, and he wanted to walk about in the night air and listen to the dripping trees. Ghostly but perfect, the evening primroses were expanding in the shrubbery, and stirred him by their odours. Victor had shown him evening primroses in the past, but had never told him they smelt. He liked being out of doors, among the night birds and bats, stealing hither and thither bare-headed. And—alone. Alone! Alone was a protection; it was all to the good. Surely. Surely! He was very near to despair.
“What is it, old man? Has something happened? You look dreadfully pale, come have a seat and tell me everything.” He ushered me into the chair across from him by the fire, I was loathed to explain but the fire warmed my weary bones and I hesitated.
“Oh, Holmes…” I said softly, quite overcome, and more than a little taken aback by the amount of pain he had been concealing from me for so long. I passed a hand through his hair again. “I
was what he had been doing for hours at a time in his workshop! Carefully translating a large volume into English for me…
“Actually, no…” he said as he continued to paw through the drawers. “I was preparing your anniversary present, in point of fact…
I was a former soldier. If I couldn't summon the courage to enter our sitting room then I was unworthy of that title. With great trepidation I walked back down the stairs towards the sitting room. My heart was beating so fast it felt like it was humming. I swallowed thickly. Grasping the bag I had brought to bundle my things in tightly, I turned the handle.
I awoke feeling comfortable, content, and warm. The sheets smelled crisp and freshly laundered, and sighing in their embrace, I rolled over to reach for Holmes - but that side of the bed was unoccupied. I gave a disgruntled 'hmph', burying my nose in his pillow. The scent of Holmes’ particular brand of shampoo rose to my nostrils and I breathed deeply.
"But... why?" I interrupted. My voice quivered like one of the strings of Holmes' violin. "What have I done to offend you, Holmes? Whatever it is, I'm desperately sorry... was it the latest case in the Strand? Was it my slowness? My inability to keep up with your deductions? Holmes... I–"
"I cannot give particulars, Watson!" he snapped. His voice was cutting, making my already broken nerves disintegrate entirely. "It's just...
As I returned to my club I saw a familiar face in the smoking room. Stamford. A part of me was relieved, whilst another part of me wanted to run. He looked up from his paper as I entered and jumped up to greet me instantly.
“Your hands are ice!” I gasped, scowling, but he merely chuckled, looking thoroughly amused. He distracted me by swooping down for another kiss, and as I softened, his freezing hands returned to skim their way into my nightshirt.
After supper, we retired to the sitting room with a bottle of sherry. I had hidden my present on the sitting room bookcase in order to obtain it at a moment’s notice, and Holmes seemed to be looking for something too amongst the papers in his desk drawers.
I cannot forget his face when I told him. Stricken, as if I had dealt him a physical blow. He had struggled, visibly. He’d wanted to know
I broke the kiss reluctantly, tracing a cheekbone with two fingers as I looked into his shimmering grey eyes. “Now it is my turn. I’m afraid my gift did not take as much time to acquire as yours but I…”
"It's alright... I... I understand... I'll leave tonight, today, right this moment. You won't have to do a thing… it'll be just as before..."
“Watson… I-” His second attempt was no more successful than the first, his voice catching at the end as if stolen. Suddenly, his face constricted and his brows drew together, his mouth pinched and it took me but a moment to realise he was holding back sobs.
The door opened at that moment and before I could bellow at Mrs Hudson that I would receive no visitors, I saw Stamford’s anxious face appear.
I rushed down the stairs and through the front door in a frenzy. I cast about for a four-wheeler, as much as I would have preferred the speed of a hansom, it wouldn’t take my luggage. I hailed the first I saw and instructed the driver to bring down my cases, recklessly throwing a sovereign at him.
The black feeling of isolation wrapped itself around me, smothering me till I could hardly breathe. I felt an overwhelming tiredness - not necessarily a physical fatigue, but a deep weariness. I was made of lead.
Stamford? What could he possibly want? It had been an age since I had last seen him, he was practically chained to his office in Bart’s. I narrowed my eyes, but did not rise from my chair, lighting and drawing deeply from my pipe.
That evening everything had come to a head, during dinner he had smiled at me in such a way that his whole face looked awash with sunlight. His eyes were bright and so dazzling I could do nothing but stare. That smile had made me feel so full of joy, of aching love. Later, when I watched him settle himself in his chair, I watched his surgeon’s fingers light a cigar and I thought about how they would feel upon my skin. I had lashed out at my mind for tainting such an innocent scene and I realised then, that I couldn’t do it anymore. I had to do something. It was my name upon the lease so he must be the one to leave. I had to
” I looked back to see Stamford’s face, which was hard as stone, eyes sharp with disappointed judgement.
But the alternative was far worse. I could not bear for him to see my true motives. He would be repulsed, disgusted, and that beautiful face would look at me with hatred. I could not
him. I had seen it in his face, such pain in his eyes, I could never feel any ounce of relief at the end result of my actions, because they had
It had been two days. Forty-eight hours. Twenty-eight hundred and eighty minutes since I left Baker’s Street. I had fled to my club that night, securing a room and sending word to my practice that I would be taking a week's holiday, not that there would be many patients to note my absence. I couldn’t face normality, to return to my routine would be to get on with my life, as if nothing had happened, and the very thought of it nauseated me.
“Oh my darling, is it really so mind-boggling that I could attempt to make you a romantic dinner?” He laughed again, sitting down and pouring out the wine. “Happy anniversary, my dearest.”
My heart beat a sharp staccato rhythm within my chest as I approached the steps and rapped firmly on the door. The cold was beginning to bite and my breath came out in ghostly clouds, illuminated by the street lamps. There was a shuffle and a murmur on the other side before a wide, red faced woman, in her mid-sixties, opened the door. Deductions flew around my brain like a tornado but I bore them no mind, immediately requesting permission to visit my friend. At the sight of the half-crown in my hand, the landlady forgot all qualms she may previously have had at allowing a strange, dark gentleman to call at such an hour, and bobbed a hurried curtsey before leading the way. The smells that reached my heightened senses were overwhelming.
Sherlock had known that this day would come, of course, and had long schooled himself to indifference. But the news had upset him after all. It had come so brutally, and—what hurt him as much—Mycroft had behaved as if it were none of his concern. Nor was it, he reminded himself. It was nothing to him. It was nothing.
The tremor in John's hands grew stronger. "I think it feels the same, Sherlock. Please. Tell me? Does it? Is it the same?"
The chicken pie Holmes had made was just as incredible as it looked. The pastry was a little overworked but still definitely edible. Holmes grumbled about it not being to his satisfaction and apologised far too many times. It was beautiful, sitting there, opposite the dearest man in the world, feeling such happiness.
Hello friends! I've just moved house and have no Internet until 15th which as you can imagine is devastating. I am able to walk up the road to get 4G though so thought I would post whilst I had the chance!
"Shut up shut up shut up, keep your strength," Sherlock says frantically, and his face disappears for a moment.
"I had no idea someone older than eighteen could become ward of the state.  This is... messed up, Sherlock."
“... and of course, if I was quick enough to shoot then drag you into the pool with me, our chances of survival were greatly improved.  I knew that the hidden shooters would most likely be shocked by the explosion, and since they were located at a higher-“
"Oh, nothing of interest, really.  A long-term project for my website which no one reads, according to you, regarding different fabric's resistance to elements."
And this behaviour isn't necessary, the Work be damned.  It makes John wonder how bad things had been in his childhood, because that has to be it - a defence mechanism against bullying and isolation.  Or is it something else entirely, something John has yet to understand about him, which could be possible.  He sometimes wonders if a lifetime is enough to get to know Sherlock completely.
Of course.  Lestrade hadn't listened to what Sherlock was saying, busy with the tourniquet.  And Sherlock, so damn nervous about revealing his pregnancy, had immediately imagined the worse.  John can actually see the slow realisation drawing on Sherlock, his face going from disdainful to embarrassed, and if Lestrade's skin has turned pink, Sherlock's cheeks and ears adopt a more crimson shade, so quickly he must have physically felt it.  He slides his hands out of his pockets in a quick motion and has them disappear behind his back.  He clears his throat, trying to compose himself, but only partly succeeding.  John cannot help but smile, despite the desperate look Sherlock casts him.
"This wonderful news shakes things up so much.  In a good way, of course, but it remains that Sherlock has closed himself off to us for so long ago now that I am not sure if he would be willing to accept our presence in his life on a more regular basis."
There are footsteps then, and a conversation. John cannot hear what both voices are saying, it's like he's underwater, and then, another familiar face appears to him, but not for long.  Lestrade.
“Come on, keep a regular breathing rhythm.  You’re ok, I’m here,” John murmurs straight into his ear.
"...And now I get why your father suggested marriage," John smiles, grabbing Sherlock's hand to have him sit beside him.  "You have no sense, whatsoever, of the value of money. Add to this your ignorance of any legislature that cannot be used in a case.  If I weren't there you could be robbed of everything you own without even noticing it, Sherlock, how can you-"
John doesn't have to ask what he's talking about.  He leaves the curls to run his hand down Sherlock’s back, caressing each protruding vertebrae.
"He was very... hum... kind, keeping me up to date.  So.  Well, I'm glad you are ok, and I am glad I finally got to speak to your fiancé."
And what about his disdain for all music that been composed after 1900, when John has heard him humming an array of songs  in the shower: Bowie and the Beatles, Pink Floyd, the Stones... When Sherlock hears John entering the bathroom, he shuts up immediately, or changes the tune to a Mozart concerto, but John knows that he knows he's not getting away with it.
"We huh... we are...  I'm a doctor," John babbles, careful not to stare at anyone in particular.  "I just got a call from the hum... surgery and am needed to..."
It’s not easy going back to the city.  They miscalculate the time and find themselves stuck in the evening rush hour.  It’s noisy and humid and John feels he’s choking, trapped in the car, surrounded by angry drivers under the austere crushing shadow of tall and dull concrete buildings.  So much concrete, everywhere.  The only thing that calms him is Sherlock’s reaction, which is the complete opposite of his own.  He is whistling behind the wheel, looking around, a satisfied expression on his face.  It is yet more proof that Sherlock had been ready to sacrifice his own happiness so that he could keep John safe.  The thought is sad, yes, but also comforting.  And John holds onto it to refrain from yelling at the other drivers or snapping at Sherlock, because whistling has always had a way of getting into John’s nerves, even when it comes out of the most pretty, luscious mouth he’s ever laid eyes on.
John sighs, as loud as he can, and goes from his knees to a crouch position he won't be able to hold for long, but his muscles are screaming and he needs to move a little.
"You should go home," John goes on, and when Sherlock opens his mouth to protest, he adds: "I know, I know everything you are going to say.  But there is the baby to think of.  I assure you I'll rest even better knowing you're sleeping in a real bed."
“She’s perfect,” John rasps, overwhelmed by emotions.  “Look, Sherlock, look at what you’ve done, oh my god, she’s here, it’s our daughter.”
John knows that Sherlock does his best to avoid people with an intellectual disability and young children during cases.  He's often incapable of finding to right tone to reach them, and it's always been a source of frustration and embarrassment.
Sherlock hates his picture being taken.  He had conceded John a few when they had begun their relationship, as a "token" of the changes in their life, but has strictly refused to have his pregnancy being immortalized in any way, even when John had pleaded.
Other hiding place have electricity and wifi.  They are located in the heart of the city.  Hiding in plain sight.
Sherlock is breathing fast.  His face is pink, his lips red and wet.  John waits.  He has no idea what to do next.
There is one part left to write.  It's not completely done, and although it should be done soon, I'm not even trying to guess when I'll be able to post it.  But it will be done.
"John.  Some help would be appreciated.  It seems that I’m experiencing yet another pregnancy joy in the form of finding myself unable to undress," he snaps, short of breath.
Sherlock's expression switches from abashed to incredulous.  "Well, this might be the exception to the rule.  I dreamed..."  He has a long, exaggeratedly dramatic sigh, then seems too make a decision, shoulders hunched down in a theatrical pose of defeat.  "It started with a nurse rolling me into an operation room like there was some sort of emergency.  Apparently, the natural birth we are going for had revealed itself impossible to achieve at the last moment.  Then I suddenly found myself being surrounded by machines and medical staff, on the surgery table, because I need a caesarean section.
Too hungry to stay in the kitchen with the divine aromas of Mycroft’s cooking, John announces he’ll go get the guest room ready, getting an indifferent “mmh” from both brothers.  Nothing like two Holmes to make you feel insignificant, he thinks, downing his wine in one long gulp.
insecure.  As for Anderson, you needn't worry.  I am regularly overcome with the violent desire to terminate his life, and so far, I have been capable of restraining myself.  If barely."
"And I'm going to go crazy if you don't penetrate me right now," Sherlock grunts, running one of his large hands on his chest where he grabs his left nipple and twists it, hissing between his teeth.
John doesn’t have time to worry, to curse the bloody weather, to wonder if he is up to the task.  There is no time for hesitation.
Or she was pregnant, Sherlock had dropped coldly, leaving Laurie Afton looking slightly shocked behind her then skewed glasses.
John's hope that the Sussex Vampire case would give Sherlock enough investigation material for two weeks dies down after Molly leaves the flat just before supper on the fourth day of Sherlock's confinement.   She had spent several hours working with Sherlock on identifying the toxic substance found on the body, without success.  Sherlock sends her back to Bart's lab with a whole spreadsheet of more in-depth tests to try on the specimen, some of which involving a chromatograph and a two-week waiting period.  One of Sherlock's unfinished thesis (amongst more than twenty different ones) does specialise in the chemistry of rare toxins and their use in non-traditional medicine, so it is no surprise to have him speak of complicated methods of analysis even Molly had never heard of before.
Oh, John knows where this is going, and is quick to put a stop to it.  "You are as desirable as you were before you got pregnant, love.  In a different way, but trust me, I am not faking it, not one bit."
They both startle, turning back to find Sherlock watching them, shivering in too light clothes, his hair a windy mess.  “The only vehicle that could reach us at the moment would be by air, but no helicopter would risk flying in this weather.”
What is the best time to announce this to Sherlock than when he's already half asleep?  John figures he will eventually remember the following day, but that his reaction will be less... definitive.
Underneath Sherlock's frustrated genius lies all the insecurity that resides deep within his heart.  John sometimes has trouble finding the right tone to comfort him, knowing how he hates being infantilised, but also how much he needs the comfort, if he goes to the length of voicing it.
Which is why John freezes in surprise when Sherlock, instead of readying himself for the physical assault, starts backing off, both of his arms wrapped around his stomach.
Sherlock must know they are about to be separated, because he grabs his hand back, jogging at the same rhythm as the paramedics, ignoring their demand not to slow them down and complicate their work.
John, still coming back from his surprise at the revelation of Sherlock’s status - and incredibly turned on - knows very well how sensitive carriers are when it comes to their arsehole, so he leaves a finger hovering there and, with his free hand, caresses Sherlock's head.
"I said we wouldn't do that," John states firmly.  Well, he tries.  His words are getting slurry again.  He knows he won't be able to keep his eyes open much longer.
As soon as they had entered the flat, Sherlock had started to undress, dropping items of clothing like clues on his way to the bedroom.  His smug expression has disappeared.  He had  dragged John onto the bed, his eyes dark and lips trembling.  "Please, John.  Please, hurry, I need it."
It lasts all but ten seconds, maybe less, when a knock on the side of the opened door and Greg Lestrade's awkward: "should I come back later?" has John opening his eyes with great regret.  He at least tries to put some enthusiasm in his voice, welcoming the inspector in and lowering the drug dosage as discreetly as he can.  Greg nods and drags a chair close to his bed.  There is another uneasy moment where John thanks him for saving his life and Greg tries to dismiss it, as if speaking of feelings between two blokes cannot be done without a heavy dose of repressed machismo.
First, I want to thank you guys for your patience, everything is back to normal in RL, luckily, so I will be able to keep my usual posting rhythm for the upcoming chapter.
John nods, smiling to himself at what is, amongst normal people, a simple thing to know: how your close ones take their tea. But for Sherlock, it isn't normal, and it's actually endearing.
This will be the last chapter I post before allowing myself -and my fantastic beta reader- a short two weeks hiatus.  Don't worry guys, I have several more chapters written, but my friend JJ deserve a little rest for her work.  English isn't my first language, so she has to be very thorough with the grammar, and then the brit-picking.  Love you very much, JJ, you're awesome.
"I told you it's ok.  Come on, answer. Lestrade is waiting.  I'm going to get some sheets and pillows so you can settle on the couch more comfortably."
Sherlock, true to his words, does not seem interested in experiments.  Most of his instruments have been moved downstairs after his laboratory was done.  Of course, he knows he only has to ask John for his help if he really wants to work.  He doesn't.
That last sentence is uttered like Mycroft is announcing that Sherlock has been struck by a rare and mortal disease.
The blush takes a darker taint.  Sherlock, annoyed by his own reaction, shakes his head, as if to order his blood to behave normally.  "I need to eat, John.  What do you suggest?"
Of course. Only when you are born a privileged heir to one of those old British families can you consider owning a trust fund as a right.
Sherlock "awww's," staring at John with affection.  "Not to worry, to tell the truth I am quite relieved you were thrown out of the room since I was in the midst of a most humiliating panic attack.  I am afraid I made a deplorable impression on Amy, as I let out everything that was going through my brain without filter.  I would probably be upset right now if I wasn't given that medication for stress -which makes me feel incredibly good about myself, I have to admit."
Whether it is because Sherlock’s been having contractions  through the night, or that it is, in fact, a precipitate labour, the results are the same.  Sherlock is close to the active phase of labour : the last three centimetres usually dilate faster.  The contractions are longer, closer together, and, of course, the most painful ones.
John is not a bad liar but he learned very soon after his first meeting with Sherlock that he wouldn't stand a chance against him.  Even Sherlock once admitted his extraordinary deduction talent - his own words, of course - was sometimes an inconvenience, even for himself.
"No, we're going to the Royal Free, John corrects.  "I know North Middlesex is the closest, but the A&E at the Royal Free is better equipped. It's only a few minutes more."
"Well, your niece's I.Q. is only a few points away from her being considered mentally challenged, it is no surprise," Sherlock had declared.
The tea is a little bitter, but John still enjoys it for what it is.  It is so rare Sherlock does this kind of thing for him -and it isn't a problem, it just makes those moment special.
It takes Sherlock a few seconds to think it through.  "I cannot say.  I cannot even pin point the moment it happened, but I suppose it comes with the pregnancy and the... uneasiness I feel toward my own body.  You are right.  I am acting like a prude.  It's just..."
Said assistant and two nurses are at work behind the lifted sheet that forbids John to see what his insides look like.  The constant presence of the anaesthesiologist sitting near John's head is reassuring.  She has been monitoring the epidural, as well as his vital signs.  She seems satisfied with it all because while the stitching goes on, she offers him ice chips.  It feels so good, John could cry. The heavenly cold liquid slides down his throat, soothing it.  John elevates June -why does he knows her by her first name?- to sainthood.
John doesn't feel the weight of Sherlock's head on his chest anymore, but only has to turn his head to see him sitting - more collapsed, really - on a chair near the bed, his upper body resting close to John's, on the side of the mattress.  He has an arm wrapped around John's chest and uses the other as a makeshift pillow.  His face is turned toward John, showing his tense expression.  He's asleep, though, there is no doubt about-
John put his hand next to Sherlock's, just content to feel the warmness of the skin underneath the fabric.
“What is it this time?” John asks, trying not to look too comfortable, but damn that chair feels heavenly to his strained back –he should have it replace his chair back in Baker Street- and the scotch is freaking awesome, leaving a slow, voluptuous burn down his throat.
"Sherlock, your fucking hands," John growls as Sherlock grabs a handful of his arse.  He lets go of his nipples to suck at his neck, one hand tangled in Sherlock's curls.
Because he's taking the mask off -again- with trembling hands, then he tries to lift himself on his elbows, hurting to see, needing to prove -to Sherlock or himself, he's not really sure- that he's alive, damn it, he's not going anywhere.  Why can't he see Sherlock?  Why are there two new nurses, who seem to have popped out of thin air for the sole purpose of blocking his view? John pushes the arms trying to hold him back.  If he could only gather a little strength, but everything hurts and...
As they dress up to go outside, John is pleased to see Sherlock putting on his Christmas present from him over his shirt. It's a jumper, a very thin and malleable cashmere of a royal blue colour.  John had been so unsure when he decided to buy a piece of clothing, but very determined.  He had chosen an extravagant shop and boldly asked for the "most posh-looking jumper possible".  Seeing Sherlock in a jumper, or jeans (gosh those jeans and the way they shape his arse), anything that isn't too sophisticated, does things to John.
It has been confusing, for me, because my personnal reading of both episodes (and it's my opinion, it only involves myself) gives me two different Mycroft, the one from the Final Problem clashing with my canon Mycroft inspired by The Empty Hearse.  I prefer my personal version of him, which, in my mind, is canon compliant, at least from season three.  I took the decision not to worry and just go with it, because my opinion is reinforced by the Abominable Bride special, whereins Mycroft show his humanity and how deeply he cares about Sherlock when he discovers his brother has been using again.
He stands up and get rids of his shirt and vest so quickly he stumbles and would have fallen down if he hadn't leaned against the wall.  "That is why Mycroft had Anthea bringing me a change of clothes.  I have to admit I wasn't thinking very clearly because I had yet to hear any news from your state."
Speaking of Sherlock, it is impossible to even consider that he might be completely oblivious to what is happening downstairs.  There’s a lot of noise, especially the first day.  He goes along with it, though, and John finds himself ridiculously touched.  It really shows how much progress Sherlock has made.
"I think maybe, at the beginning, you didn't want Sherlock to be free from you. I'm not saying you didn't have good reasons," he objects, when Mycroft opens his mouth.  "I am not an idiot; I know you love your brother.  You were worried, and probably tired of looking out for him despite himself.  At least, when you became his guardian, you were also given legal tools to help you.  And it must have been reassuring.  The thing is, he's changed since then.  He's been doing a lot of good.  I think it might be time you let him go."
At five that morning, John hears one courageous bird chirping in the cold rising sun.  Sherlock has bathed and eaten in front of John's ever-attentive eyes.  He threw up once more sometime after, but John is confident he kept enough nutrients inside.  They haven't spoken of their fight, both careful to keep the conversation light, bickering softly, tip toeing around each other, but in a good way.  Then, John declares Sherlock is ready to go to bed, and Sherlock doesn't complain, just follows him obediently, his cold, long fingers trapped in John's warmer hold.
"I just want you to come home.  You can freak out about the pregnancy all you want.  You can be mad at me, you can call me an idiot and yell and torture me with your violin  You were right, you know?  I don't know how it is, for you.  I can't know.  I'm not stupid enough to think it's me you're really mad at.  Let me just... when you suffer, keep using me as an outlet, I don't mind.  I just want to do what I can to make it easier for you, Sherlock."
"But I am serious, John!  What else can I say about a couch, except that it seems to fill its purpose?"
"The bell tower of an abandoned church in Epping Forest. I've already sent a car for you.  It should be there any minute now."
John holds back a smile, just in case Sherlock decides to look at him.  "Right.  You have all that knowledge stored into that giant brain of yours -everything that has been said and published about carrier's pregnancy, labour and delivery.  I'm sure that at this point, you could beat the world's number one expert on a quiz show."
"I'm fine," John answers, going back to his favourite cuddling perk, which is playing with Sherlock's hair.
John takes time to make some tea for the both of them: a milky one, with lots of sugar.  He knows how much Sherlock likes it, especially on cold, rainy days.
Sherlock catches John's look in the mirror, wearing a tiny, playful smile that somehow makes dimples appear in the crease of his cheeks. "You are not," he confirms.  “So we'll have to put it entirely on your blind adoration."
"Well, now, I am glad you see it that way," Mycroft admits, his eyes still firmly directed at the ground.
"Actually, it is complete nonsense," Sherlock declares, shutting Marcie down.  "I am personally keeping all the doors open regarding how I will deal with the pain, although I have a preference for the epidural.  I am not being weak, Mrs. Reiner, I am being logical, as every man of science should be.  Why suffer uselessly when there are other options, safe options.  Medicine is evolving, making progress.  You might say that women were stronger back in the nineteen twenties, but they had no other choice.  Some had complicated labour that could last for days. All this without anything to alleviate their ordeal, because in a world dominated by men, pain during childbirth was nothing more than another form of hysteria."
Sherlock nods, chin lifted high, taking immense pride in his compliment.  He frowns, then, and sneezes.  It ends up in a fit of giggles, as he puts both hands on his belly, careful not to touch the foetal monitor.
John voluntarily shoves his fingers in the wound once more, and Jesus, he didn't even know pain could be that intense, but at least, he still has enough energy for screaming, and his vision clears out.
John does.  He knows there is no way six minutes have passed since the last one, and Sherlock must know it too. Neither of them mention it.
They must make quite a picture, Sherlock with his belly standing out like an assault weapon, waddling as quickly as he can toward the exit, with John in tow, still stuttering some lame excuse about a patient to see.
John loves it when Sherlock demonstrates that his incredible brain isn't only for cold logic and rationality but also beauty and art.  The musician in him can play with words as well as he plays with strings.
Sherlock sighs, turning into John's arms, staring seriously at him.  "We need to make decisions... practical decisions.  I have made a list."
"Almost a hundred and twenty, it's perfect.  As for the heart, you can see it is also normal, no malformations or holes.  Your baby is doing great."
Sherlock blinks nervously at John, several times in a row.  Mycroft takes a step back.  He’s pale as a sheet.
"So sex could possibly get you through the end of the pregnancy?  How frequently should we do it?  Four, five times a day?"
John nods.  He can’t remember Sherlock having more than one drink, on occasion - most often after a case, when he’s high on adrenaline and success.
"Are you out of your mind John?  Imagine our child raised by a couple of...goldfish," he spits like he's just said a blasphemy.
"It's ok, Sherlock, I got you, you can let go.  I got you, you hear me?  Let go," he murmurs softly while rubbing Sherlock's entrance, "show me how beautiful you are when you come."
"Ok, let's play a stupid game, are you happy now?" Sherlock exclaims dramatically, as if he's just consented to a terrible sacrifice.
And who is John to refuse such a lovely demand?  He hasn't done it yet, only because he wasn't sure of how Sherlock would react, but the man's arse has been the main attraction in John's favourite jerk off fantasies. Before Sherlock has finished speaking, John's hands have found their way under the loose elastic waist of his sleeping pants, grabbing hands full of firm flesh.  Oh, he wishes he could touch bare skin, although Sherlock's silky pants are so thin it's almost as good.
Sherlock wipes his hand on John's jeans, where it joins his own release.  Then he collapses on John, careful to put much of his weight to the side of the couch as not to crush him.
I know, it may seem like I enjoy putting my characters through hell, but I never do it just for the sake of it.  There is always a reason behind, that serves the story, and the emotional journey said characters are going through.
Sherlock is already squirming to sit up.  John presses softly on his shoulder.  "You were about to fall asleep not even five minutes ago.  You can always humiliate me tomorrow."
"I wonder," Sherlock is saying while John is busy sucking at a peaked nipple.  "I wonder why is it that my stamina seems to be... oh... oh John, yes it's lovely don't stop... completely unperturbed by my cold, usually sickness should do the contrary... and... huh... oh!"
"But nothing!  Instead of behaving like the detective I'm supposed to be, I let my instinct get the best of me.  And my instinct was screaming at me to protect the b...."
“I’m going to have a baby,” Sherlock rasps.  “John.  I am not ready.  We aren’t in London, we’ll have to go to St Mary’s.”
He shuts up when John grabs the book and shuffles through the pages. He finds all forty problems solved in Sherlock's nervous handwriting.
John Watson falls asleep, relaxed and content, despite having barely escaped a horrible death just a few hours earlier.  Sherlock's presence is enough.  He feels it, drifting and weaving, all around him, in his head and in his heart.
I was so hesitant to do this. I've seen some people in the past not even ashamed of abusing the system and their friends' generosity, so it is with humility and thankfulness that I ask for some help.  I hope no one will take it the wrong way.
Sighing, he climbs behind Sherlock, covering them with the duvet.  Sherlock mumbles a few words of protest but gradually unfolds, just enough to fit into John's big spoon curve.
John waits, and, of course, starts to worry.  Another three seconds and Sherlock's expression changes.  He looks shocked.
"John, I..." Sherlock lifts himself up until he's sitting in bed, his back against the pillows (so many of them.  Apparently Sherlock Holmes needs at least eight pillows to allow his transport to rest). "I think that at the moment, I really can't trust my judgement, and would do anything you would ask of me."
John is working on a tight muscle knot just below the shoulders when Sherlock -thank god- stops grunting all of sudden.
"Sherlock!" John warns, the ball of white hot pleasure in the pit of his stomach beginning to expand.  He doesn't know what did it, Sherlock's sloppy hand job or the way he spoke, managing to sound dirty and polite at the same time -the cleanest dirty talk John's ever heard.
When John comes back, Sherlock is already half-asleep.  He shivers when John cleans him and mumbles about the cold.  John is quick to discard the flannel on the floor and slides back into bed, letting Sherlock settle in his favourite position, half of his body resting on John's, his head shoved in the crook of his neck.
John kisses him, softly, catching just the corner of his mouth.  "I don't know, love.  I thought it was easier for you, since you are actually carrying her."
“Even that particular helicopter cannot fly right now, the weather is too dangerous –there is a fifty percent chance it wouldn’t reach us, and endanger gravely the life of people on board.”
He smiles brightly, and it takes John a second to realise that Sherlock is waiting for praise, as he does -in a subtler manner- each time he makes an especially good deduction.  God, John cannot stand the adorableness of his dosed-up pregnant genius.  How can he be so utterly inoffensive and innocent, when he has the capacity to destroy someone just by speaking to them, if he tries hard enough.  Sherlock is a singularity in the universe.
It's a pity.  For the first time in the six days, since they took the decision to keep the baby, Sherlock seems grounded and calm.  He hasn't been exactly difficult through the week, but very visibly overwhelmed, his temper going from nervous and agitated to logical and practical in a matter of minutes, several times a day.  There has been nothing from the Yard, nor visits from clients, and barely a couple of emails from people asking for help on depressing love affairs.  Which means Sherlock had needed to occupy himself with his new-found obsession for procreation, gene mutation and male pregnancies.
"Listen, I'm glad you are working the case with Lestrade, it keeps your mind busy.  And yes, I would like to be part of it, if it's ok with you.  It seems I need some distraction too.  Spent too many hours with Mrs. Hudson discussing of the best way to get rid of ketchup stains."
The strength of that tactile recollection startled me, it had seemed so real. I tried to bring a hand up to my lips but found I could not, for my fingers were being clasped tightly.
“I… er… well yes and no.” Holmes stammered. “Freud’s most interesting book, where he develops further the ideas he explored in the monograph you read is called
For the second time in so many days he spun round looking incredibly guilty. However, this time he turned and exclaimed, “I told you not to come in! It’s almost ready, now shoo!”
allow that to happen. Each day by his side became more challenging, and as my ardour grew, so did my inability to control it. I found myself hardly able to exercise restraint when he was near, so often did I wish to reach out and stroke his dear face, trace my fingers along his faint smile lines. Press my lips to his, and plunder that sweet mouth.
I chuckled with amusement and a touch of astonishment. His affectionate quote warmed me, “And since when, my dearest love, do you quote Shakespeare?”
I took another sip from the flask and looked at Stamford. His expression now had become more confused, and I swallowed thickly.
I hushed him, smoothing his brow with the wet handkerchief, “Shhh, Watson, shhh, I have you, I’m here my
My touch seemed to embolden him and he was able to croak, “John… it is beautiful…” He gave me a watery smile and leaned down to kiss my knuckles. At the touch of his lips, I took him into my arms and held him to me, our bodies molding together as they always had.
Utterly bewildered, I turned around before half-turning back to watch as he mashed some potatoes as if they had personally offended his methods. I wandered into our dining room and found the table set beautifully, a bottle of wine open and the places set with our best china. In the centre of the table sat two tall red candles placed in the candelabra that usually lived in the sitting room.
One trembling finger stretched out to trace the edge of the watch, the cogs ticked away happily, their machinations on display. When his eyes alighted on the inside of the hinged lid he stopped breathing entirely. The finger which had been caressing the polished rim then stretched to trace the engraving, lovingly sweeping a path over our initials. He swallowed thickly and held the watch up to the light, tilting it left and right, marvelling at the way our etched names caught the sun.
I smiled against his cheek, nuzzling my nose against his affectionately. He returned my smile with a brilliant grin, and chuckled softly.
“Don’t pretend you didn’t know! You turn him out when you of all people should sympathise! To make him think you are disgusted by him when you share his proclivities! Do you know how broken he is, Holmes?! He believes you despise him, that you deduced his feelings and are outraged and sickened by his nature! You abominable hypocrite!” He was so impassioned now that his hands clenched into fists in his lap, but with his next words, he leant forward towards me and lowered his volume. “I didn’t confess to knowing you to be an invert also; I didn’t want to make him more distressed. If I had told him, what do you think he would have gleaned from it?!” Although the ire in his voice was muted now, it had not lost its potency, its sharp edge and abject bitterness, cutting the space between us. “That instead of repulsion to his nature, you were simply repulsed by
As I settled myself in the cab, I saw with a stab of disappointment that Holmes hadn't followed me down. I had half hoped that he would have, hurriedly apologising, saying it was all a mistake, beseeching. I cursed my foolish heart as it reflected upon such a notion.
Hi folks! The Internet here might not be fixed until the new year so pray for me in my wifi-less existence... I can just about get a signal at the end of the road as I mentioned last time so here we are!
When we pulled back, I felt my eyes prick with tears as I looked into the face of my love. My heart was bursting and overflowing with affection for him. So
The landlady departed the top landing after pointing to the room where I would find my friend, and I stopped short. All of a sudden, my lungs tightened upon the realisation that only a thin wooden door separated Watson and I. What would I say? Would he want to see me after I had treated him so despicably? Hesitantly, with my heart in my throat, I rapped upon the door. There was no answer. I rapped again, but still no sound came from within. I frowned and tried the handle. It was unlocked. I stepped through into the dark room, illuminated only by the weak glow of the street lamp outside the curtainless window. There upon the bed lay my Watson, soaked with sweat and breathing haggardly, his lungs wheezing as they tried to take in enough air. Immediately I shut the door and rushed to his side, kneeling on the wooden floor I placed a trembling hand upon his pale brow.
I sighed against his mouth, nearly faint with it. The memory of waking up to these lips had been real too, I mused, disbelieving. He really
Sherlock sighs and rubs his gloved hands together.  "I should have told you beforehand I wasn't sure they would come."
"John.  I am going to walk out this instant if you don't sit down and calm yourself.  I do not have the energy, nor the interest, to get into a useless fight with you."
"Well, John, I am sure there is still a lot you ignore about what put Sherlock in that delicate position in the first place."
“I have an idea,” Sherlock rasps, as soon as the contraction gives him respite.  “And you will have to listen to me, and trust me.”
Sherlock lifts his head, looking up at John in disbelief through the mess of his fringe.  His cheeks are sill red because of his orgasm, his eyelids are heavy with sleep but his look is sharp.  The desire and love John feels for him in that instant hits him like a punch in the guts.
For a few seconds, they are both silent.  John gets it.  He spends so much time worrying about Sherlock, so many hours waiting for him to come back home, and endless runs, stake-outs, confrontations with suspects, trying to always be at the top of his game, to be able to protect Sherlock in case he needs protection.  He knows how tiring it is being hyper vigilant for hours at a time.
Sherlock sits abruptly on the side of the bed.  He then begins to roll up the sleeves of his crumpled shirt, one after the other.  "Let's get this over with," he murmurs.
On the other side, police officers are assessing the situation, screaming at each other.  John begins to walk toward the pit, but with each step he takes, the water gets deeper.  It’s up to his calves and he’s less than a foot away from Mycroft.
He lifts his arm and presses his palm on the side of Sherlock's face, as softly as possible.  Sherlock leans into it, sighing.
"Sherlock," John says, trying to remain calm.  "I am sorry I laughed, it wasn't funny.  I know it is hard for you and-"
"I... yesterday evening?" Lestrade's face is getting pink, and the way he clenches his jaw tells John he's reached the point where he's had enough with Sherlock.  It's a very singular process, that John has come to recognise every time. Sometimes Lestrade's patience can go for days.  Other times, when Sherlock is in an especially foul mood, or if the crime is bothering him more than others, his saturation point is reached in a matter of minutes.
Sure.  Except Sherlock doesn't do that.  Sherlock.  Who doesn't see but observe, doesn't hear but listen.  He had to know.  Which means...he did it intentionally. It is not only out of character but inexplicable.
"Nonsense, Sherlock.  You know, it's completely normal to be traumatised after what happened to me the other night, you just have to let time-"
...and then there are time like this, like morning sex, when they indulge slowly, still both coherent, letting arousal draw on them progressively.  It's mostly due to Sherlock, who then seems to need time shutting his brain off and letting go. So he keeps speaking until he gets speechless, and god, John likes it so much, how low and quiet his voice is then, how it sometimes breaks in the middle of a word because it feels too good and he's incapable of holding the noises of pleasure rising from inside.
Afterward, John takes a quick look to his watch, surprised to discover it’s only nine.  The morning feels like it’s been going on forever, and still, at least another eternity is about to pass, he knows, before they see the end of the day.
"The Sussex climate is the warmest in England.  I thought it would be beneficial for your recovery.  It has been proven that-"
"Sorry, god, so sorry," Sherlock murmurs, and there he is, stretching his body so that he can look at John.  His scarf has disappeared from around his neck.
"I am Doctor John Watson and I have authority over you.  Now, you're going to go sit behind the wheel and drive us to the bloody hospital!"
John spends a long time just looking at him.  His mouth is slightly open, his lower lip covered in saliva.  The red blotches on his cheeks will remain for a while, and their contrast with Sherlock's definitely too pale skin is almost shocking.
After another second of hesitation, John downs his scotch and calls her.  It rings four times before a very, very sleepy Molly answers.
He leans back against the counter, content to listen to the easy banter between Mycroft and Sherlock, who’s still going on about anchovies and the imprint of a variety of tastes on a young child’s brain.  John is surprised to already feel the effects of alcohol.  They were having lunch when Mycroft had arrived (well, John was having lunch.  Sherlock was rearranging his food on his plate with an air of disgust.  He’s had a hard time eating all week) and the whole conversation had put a premature end to their meal.  Just on cue, John’s stomach growls. Wine on an empty stomach.  It explains how warm and slow he feels right now. Even a series of loud, rumbling thunderclaps does not make him tense.
He helps him into the bed, settles the pillows and blankets to make sure Sherlock is as comfortable as he can, then turns the light off and slides under the sheets himself, stretching his arm to allow Sherlock to rest his head on his shoulder.  It is like a perfectly learned choreography by now.
"Then I shall tell you there was no experiment, you were right.  I destroyed your jumper because you destroyed my experiment," Sherlock says, the blush from his cheeks rising to the tip of his ears.
John then realises Sherlock has not answered yet and is busy breathing through his nose without sounding too congested.
John chuckles.  "It was... quite entertaining.  At least, Lestrade's reaction is reassuring, he seems happy for us."
Mycroft is sitting on a kitchen bench near Sherlock’s head, comforting him, feeding him ice chips and wiping his face with a washcloth when Sherlock asks for it.  It’s fascinating to see how Mycroft easily manipulates Sherlock to keep him positive and in good spirits. He’ll cleverly direct the -admittedly short-conversations they have, kindly accepting being the focus for Sherlock’s feelings, even if it means being insulted and called names.  John might start to believe Mycroft really is the cleverest of them –or at least, a cleverer big brother.
The familiar tingling sensation runs through his nerves, even going through his lips, shifting into a disagreeable prickling one.  It always happens when John is getting angry, when he knows that, however hard he clenches his fists, he won't be able to let go.
Sherlock had been woken up by Sage's "playtime", as he likes to call it, the previous night, and hadn't been able to go back to sleep for at least two hours.  Of course, he had kept John awake with him, pointing out that there was no reason Sherlock had to be the only one suffering because he happened to be the one pregnant.  She was
It takes John half an hour before he can excuse himself with empty hands.  He should invite Greg to share a pint at the club. He seems lonely.
John doesn't have to explain himself, Sherlock knows what's going through his mind.  He gets this soft look on his face, his worry-lines disappear - something rare and precious that he reserves just for John – and he kisses him on the forehead.  John grabs his waist, holds him close and wonders if they could stay like that forever -or at least, for the next eight months, so that he knows Sherlock is safe and sound in his arms.
John finds himself kneeling between Sherlock’s legs, his arms wrapped around his waist.  Sherlock is bending forward, holding John back in a similar fashion, his head shoved in the crook of his neck.  His belly is hot and hard, pressed against John’s.  Sherlock is not only tense, but trembling.
"I realize the predicament I find myself in is entirely my fault.  I must have missed a pill, there are no other explanations.  Therefore, I intend to take full responsibility regarding the way to... solve the problem."
That is what gets John out of his stupefaction.  He grabs Sherlock's elbow and shakes it none too gently, saying his name, then repeating it louder each time when he doesn't react.  It takes five for Sherlock to freeze on the spot and gasp.  His confused eyes open wide and he stares at John, a cry dying on his dry lips.
"Well, it is hardly a reason to be surprised, John.  You have always been my compass when it comes to emotions."
In season four, John and Mary's baby daughter, Rosamund, will make her apparition.  I did not see the first episode, and even then, I don't know how Sherlock and John's behaviour with a baby will resonate with my handling of mpreg, and eventually parentlock. Of course, although I always try to keep my character's behaviour as cannonical as possible (with BBC Sherlock, at least) maybe Gatiss and Moffat have very different ideas when it comes to John being a father and Sherlock handling a baby.  Just so you guys know, I'm only human, and in no way as clever as Sherlock so, I'm doing what I can, which is my best ;-)
"You simply say it is the most logical venue, right?  Getting married.  It is primarily for the baby's situation."
Besides, being a carrier already comes with an array of difficulties. It's been almost a hundred years since the first cases of male pregnancies have been documented, and although, ever since, the number of carriers has steadily increased, it is still somehow considered a curiosity.  The carriers have suffered sexism and homophobia for a long time.  It is better now, because they had fought for it, just as hard as other minorities. Nevertheless, John isn't naïve enough to think discrimination has disappeared completely.  It lays dormant, reveals itself now and then, sometimes in a violent way, sometimes insidiously, through a bitter comment, a job lost, a family broken apart.  What people think or whisper amongst close friends can have disastrous consequences.  Hypocrisy is hard to fight.
"You think it is funny?  That I can't seem to get a hold on reality... That this whole... baby thing is messing with me so badly I cannot think properly anymore.  It's hilarious, John.  You must have had a blast seeing me with my legs up in the air trying to keep my composure while a doctor was putting her fingers there.  Oh, god, what a bloody joke, the great Sherlock Holmes discussing the weather while having his arse dilated and lubricated.  How did you manage not to crack, please tell me."
John takes off the remainder of his clothes, cannot wait anymore, he's so hard it hurts, and so in love he might start uttering some poetry about the perfection of Sherlock's body and the singularity of his incredible brain.
"Well, Anderson," Sherlock begins, taking a step toward him, "sometimes, when two men love each other very much-"
“We’re in no hurry.  Better drive safe,” John says, unsure if he is speaking for Sherlock or trying to reassure himself.
He is ridiculous.  There he is, panting harshly, probably red in the face, if the heat he feels is any indication, throwing a temper tantrum about a piece of furniture.
"Come here, you," she orders, and, very obediently, Sherlock does, letting her get away with a hug and a kiss.
"I regret nothing," John goes on.  Jesus, he wishes Sherlock would open his eyes, he wants to see them, it's almost painful how much he needs it.
Ah.  Yes.  There is still the matter of that innocent-looking ninja/Olympic runner/murderer to catch.  John nods, almost glad something has stopped Sherlock, and then he's back to running, ignoring the pain and the blisters and his decidedly unhappy lungs.
"So you keep saying," Sherlock says, letting the unused tissue fall beside him.  Then, it seems like he's remembering something important.  He stares at his hands on his belly for a whole second.
(There’s nothing like the promise of a cigarette, and John knows for a fact Sherlock hasn't smoked in weeks.  Sherlock's incorrigible smoking habit has become a twisted game of hide and seek between them.  It goes like this.  Sherlock will smoke in secret.  Or so he thinks.  Of course John will notice, then hide his cigarettes.  No shop in a five mile radius will sell a new pack to Sherlock, ever since that time he had the idea of paying them so that they would refuse him even a single one, even if he begs -and he regrets it every time the craving is back.  John usually never gives away the hiding place , unless he wants to.  Because John is far from stupid; he will let him have his way now and then. Yes, nicotine is very bad, but when it comes to Sherlock, it's the lesser of two evils.  Especially when the second evil is a mix of hard drugs that can put you into respiratory arrest.)
Holmes's frown deepened. "I suppose we should try more of your methods, then, should we? Conversation?
"John. John." Sherlock kissed bare shoulder, neck, jaw. He was weak after all, and could not make himself stop, not when John’s hands were in his hair, and his body so warmly pliant.
"This security breach is Gregory's doing, I imagine?" Mycroft asked. The security detail surrounded Sherlock where he was crouched on the floor, but they stood slightly back, awaiting further instruction.
"Oh yes, didn't something jam?" He yawned and walked down to the machine. "No, I can't, Sherlock, can you?"
Sherlock, laughing, cried, "I say, I must bathe properly." He stripped off and did so, while Victor carried his clothes. The light grew radiant. Presently they came to a farm. The farmer's wife was inhospitable and ungracious, but they barely noticed anything aside from each other. She did in the end give them tea and allow Trevor to dry near her kitchen fire. She "left payment to them," and, when they overpaid her, grumbled. Nothing checked their spirits. They transmuted everything to pleasure. Sherlock felt most unlike his usual self; it was a vast relief.
Sherlock’s face turned dark with a thunderous rage. “I see,” he hissed. “I see exactly what you are: a hypocritical coward. And all this time, I thought—”
"Oh, God." John was crying. Sherlock watched helplessly as tears ran down his beautiful face, guided into rivulets by paths worn of experience. He had a lifetime of things to learn about this man, he thought, and the thought filled him with joy.
But here Molly surprised him. "But where," she replied wonderingly, "would silicon-based life evolve? There's no place on earth that could support such a radical departure from our evolutionary path, and we've discovered no evidence of anything like it."
"Lust." He said the word out loud, his voice rasping and dry. Lust had been his undoing. He and Victor might have carried on happily for many years had not his desire overwhelmed him. Lust is negligible when absent. But Sherlock had failed to subdue it, and had paid dearly for his failure. He heard Mycroft’s voice speaking to him from long ago: “Not every impulse should be followed, Sherlock.” To avoid a repetition of this unbearable situation, he must, simply, master himself. His mind, ever practical, wasted no time in theological despair, but advanced to the grindstone. He had only to keep away from young men to ensure success. Yes, particularly from any young men to whom he felt drawn or attracted: anyone with admirable qualities. He must associate only with men he did not like, and he must cultivate his dislike into an instinctive contempt: in such a way only could he ensure his safety.
John breathed a sigh of relief, then pulled Sherlock down for another hard kiss. "I should have known from the first that I loved you. I’ve been wild with it. Too late ... everything's always too late," he whispered. “We’ve been such fools, not to trust each other—to trust this thing between us, this strange thing.”
The creature's scales were standing upright in what Sherlock now knew to be high emotion. He didn't answer, but placed his hand up against the glass. "Please," John said. "Please don't leave me here to die."
“What is this?” he asked sharply. He had suppressed his panic within a millisecond of the commencement of the attack – for an attack, it surely was.
very little. We do not know the nature of light. Neither the undulatory theory nor the quantum theory are adequate to explain all observed phenomena, and they seem to be mutually exclusive, since it would seem clear by definition that no one thing can be at the same time continuous and discontinuous. We know nothing of the ether--we do not even know whether or not it exists, save as a concept of our own extremely limited intelligence. We are in total ignorance of the ultimate structure of matter, and of the arrangement and significance of those larger aggregations of matter, the galaxies. We do not know nor understand, nor can we define, even such fundamental necessities as time and space.
"Thank you," John breathed. "You did this for me. I was a dead man, a dead -- something -- until you came along."
"You ought to be this end," said Sinclare, who was smoking by the fire. "You should get away from the machine as far as you can."
Sherlock readily agreed. He felt cautious, Victor’s mood so volatile that he could not predict him at all.
Sherlock smiled. "Trust the evidence of your senses. You're back. You're here. You're safe with me. Open your eyes."
: To use a rather strange metaphor, come to think of it. The predator and prey dynamic is not, in fact, the exemplar I wished to evoke in this exchange, however it
"You owe me," Molly mouthed over her shoulder as she led the man away. Sherlock saluted her neatly. An instant later, he'd picked the simple lock and stepped inside the lab.
"Termination is not our current objective," Mycoft Holmes interjected smoothly, relenting slightly, "but nor is it outside the bounds of possibility. Such an event would be regrettable, certainly, but it would at least remove all possibility of interference by competing influences."
"I did not do it alone, by any means. John, even in his current state, was intensely helpful. He is not bright himself, I suppose, but he certainly is a conductor of light.”
"No--don't laugh. Truly. This is. This is insanity. Look. Look at me! This is not my hand. This is not my arm! I don't even know
“Terribly ill… Brain fever… understanding… I finally see… Wrong. We do not love. Revolting. Revolting. This is not love.”
"You are surrounded by boys and taught by men. You are visited by me. This is the extent of your experience of the world."
Sherlock bristled at the implication of his naivete. "I know many people. Ladies. Women. Mother keeps the three maids—and Alice, too! And Yvette in France, but of course you know that."
...And instead, John keeps it inside and nods.  "Of course."  He won't interfere, he doesn't have to.  Logically, he knows Louisa is perfectly capable of handling her sick son.  It's just... selfishly, it's his job to take care of Sherlock.
It’s Mycroft’s turn to blush, and John cannot help it, he finds the whole thing incredibly funny –must be his nerves- and bursts out laughing.
"I'm sorry," is the first thing Sherlock says once they are out on the pavement.  "I know, I did not hold my end of the deal, and-"
Sherlock lets go of Mycroft.  The older Holmes' face is beet red, his hair dishevelled.  He looks adorably confused -an expression John had never thought could describe Mycroft Holmes.  John's smile widens, and it starts to hurt, really, the muscles of his jaw are getting sore.
I will add the link to my "buy me a coffee" account with the next chapter, and I am doing so by being conscious you guys don't owe me anything, you do not know me and you are nice, generous people, and because of you the Sherlock fandom is amazing, despite all the fights and haters.  Every cent received through the "buy me a coffee" account will be used for food, paying late bills, and generally helping me and my kids build our life back.
a hellish day.  And not only for Sherlock, if Lestrade's whispered commentary to John, mid-afternoon is any indication.  "I hope no one dare dies in a fancy fashion before he gets this baby out."
"I can’t stay awake anymore," John warns as his eyelids get heavier.  "Promise.   Promise me you will at leass... try'to... sleep..."
Sherlock shivers, like the word disgusts him.  John tries not to show the sudden burst of desire rising in him.  He shouldn’t be this aroused by the fact.  Sherlock trusts him enough to be frank and honest, open in a way he has never been before.  John doesn’t want it to seem like the reason he’s interested in him has anything to do with his virginity.  It’s more than a sexual thing, though; it’s knowing that he’s the first for everything.  It’s incredibly empowering, but it’s also unnerving.  What if John just can’t be that person to give Sherlock what he needs? What if, once he’s familiar with physical intimacy and sentiment, Sherlock realises that he could choose someone better, wiser, more good-looking?  It’s not like Sherlock would have problems regarding the choice of a partner.  On the contrary, he must have had to turn back advances on a pretty regular basis.
Despite his exhaustion, John lift his hand to grab Sherlock's wrist and steady him, looking straight into his eyes while he drinks, trying to convey as much calm and comfort as possible without saying a word.  Sherlock bites his already bruised lower lip where the deep trace of his teeth tells of distressed waiting hours.  John wishes he could be steady enough for the both of them, but he's barely able to fight off sleep.
Sherlock is gaping at him.  For a second only.  "John Watson, are you trying to bribe me with sweets?"
Sherlock's face is crumbling, as if he's going to start crying again.  John takes a deep breath and wraps an arm around his shoulder.  Sherlock immediately lets his head fall on that shoulder, his locks caressing John's cheek.
John, for himself, replays the whole visit in his head, and it suddenly the solution appears to him.  It was quite easy, come to think of it.  He's an idiot.
This is wrong, so wrong, and John cannot do a thing.  His voice is still silent, and the jeep keeps on going toward the ambush, irremediably toward pain and death and-
"John.  I actually haven't said I want to keep the child," Sherlock voices slowly.  "I said I cannot get rid of it."
John hesitates, then wraps an arm around her shoulders.  He has only met Louisa and Adrian once before.  Whereas he had felt immediately at ease with Sherlock's father, her mother is too imposing for John not to still be reserved, unsure of the boundaries of their still new relationship.  He feels a wave of relief washing over him when she doesn't push him away, but instead seems to lean onto him.
"Oh god," Sherlock grunts, trying to keep his teeth clenched and breathing through his nose.  "It's..." a hiccup cuts him up.  His eyes are getting red.  "I am so s-suh-scared, John!"
He doesn't see where he is going, though, so he can't help but jump in surprise when the suitcase is taken away from him.  Adrian Holmes pats him on the back, then stretches his hand.
John still has trouble believing Sherlock really does have feelings for him.  He should be happy -hell, he should be ecstatic, but really, all he can feel is an acute sense of nervousness that makes the colours too bright and the sounds too loud.  John's heart is beating fast, his breathing is shallow, like something is weighting on his chest, forbidding him to fill his lungs -and God, his body is covered in a sheen of cold sweat. It’s ridiculous.  After Afghanistan, John has had enough panic attacks to recognise the symptoms.  He knows he must either get himself under control, and quickly, or get ready to breath in a paper bag while Sherlock deduces him on and on.  Not good.
Sherlock nods and swallows loudly. “It was incredible,” he whispers, “what our daughter did today.  Do you know the amount of stress a new-born is submitted to?  And look at her, already calm and content.”
“You have tears in your eyes,” Sherlock remarks.  “I didn’t realize you would get so emotional over my idea.”
John has also been cleaning the flat, and not only a quick overall for it to appear viable, but more of spring clean.  He figures if Sherlock is staying put, with the habit he has of being congenitally unable to pick up after himself, that at least, they can avoid the flat turning into a complete mess.  It might help Sherlock keep a clear mind.
"All I wanted was time.  I was doing good, you know," Sherlock keeps going, panting between bitten off sentences.  "I had decided not to allow myself to feel anything regarding what is, after all, an embryo that you would barely be able to see with the naked eye.  Better this way.  It is better," he repeats, as if John had wanted to protest.  "What good would it do to get attached to it when the chances of me ejecting it are so high?  It gave me time to think, to make room for...in my mind, in my...
Ok.  Alright.  Here they go again.  John hopes it won't be a very demanding case, as with Sherlock so advanced in his pregnancy, he cannot follow his usual rhythm of no-sleeping no-eating, not when he is already fighting a virus -as common as that virus may be. If Sherlock deemed his presence needed, though - and by the barely repressed excited smile on his face - this must be at least a seven.
“Come on, Sherlock, don’t be ridiculous, you are in pain,” Mycroft replies, which earns him an irritated look.
"Those cases that have a certain element of danger...they are very few.  Most of the time, we can avoid it.  You don’t want us to run after criminals?  Fine!  The police can do it.  There are ways, Sherlock, to make it as safe as possible, without keeping you from it.  No.  I am not going to let it happen.  You can raise bees and... sell honey... during your real retirement years, that is, after seventy, when you'll be crippled with arthritis and deaf and your dental prosthesis will slide out of your mouth each time you try to speak for too long."
John knows Sherlock well enough to detect a hint of distress in his usual sarcastic voice.  He can also see it in his eyes, a glimpse of uncertainty, and pain.
“He was supposed to be cold and unattainable,” John says, whispering as well, without knowing why.  “A bloody magnificent marble statue.”
"Do you need me, love?" John whispers, "need me to make you feel good?" Sherlock's dick twitches under John's hand.
"Hello, brother mine," Mycroft grimaces a smile to Sherlock, with a little less disdain than usual.  "I see you are... prospering," he adds, waving his hand toward Sherlock's protruding belly.
John finds him curled on his side, the foetal position he prefers for his sulking sessions unachieved, given the size of his belly: he cannot wrap his arms around his folded legs like before.  Instead, he's holding a pillow.  With a death grip.  His face is shoved in it.  John kneels near him, ignoring the muffled "go away" to run his fingers over the newly exposed skin of his neck, rubbing the tips over the incredibly soft shaved nape.  Sherlock is taken by a full-on body shiver, which has John smiling.
"I won't take long," Harry replies with trepidation.  "I just... wanted to tell you I am glad you are ok."
Without protesting further, the paramedic jumps down the back of the ambulance.  John immediately closes the door and pushes Sherlock's stretcher into a proper position, locking it in place.  Maria doesn't try to question his authority. She's busy unwrapping medical supplies and getting flannel sheets.
"Yes.  John," Sherlock moans, his pink cock releasing another blob of pre-come while his anal walls clench, so much wetness there too that there is a nasty but somehow sexy squelching noise each time he moves.
"Oh, really?  Because I thought he was an idiot, compared to your magnificent fucking brain!  You've been saying it often enough until you were certain he believed it and NOW, DAMN IT!  God knows what state he is in!"
John follows his voice, shaking his head to get rid of the droplets of water sticking to the tip of his hair.
They now have left the suburban streets for a commercial district, running behind a series of warehouses, and of course it's night, and of course, the back alley is dirty and cluttered.  It's not running, it is obstacle racing.  John can sometimes catch a glimpse of McMaster's pale pink shirt, the only reason they can follow her at all, given the darkness of the moonless night.
Sometimes, when he thinks John doesn't see him, he plays with a soft, secretive smile, as if he's the owner of precious knowledge that belongs to him and to him only, which is kind of true, actually.  John will never know how it feels, to carry a child, to feel it grow inside of him.  He can admit, at least to himself, that now and then, he feels the pinch of jealousy in his heart.  He figures he's far from the only non-carrier father-to-be to experience it.
Sherlock has a notepad in his hand, going over the three samples systematically, as if he's doing any other experiment.  John watches him, eyes wide, as he takes some notes.
When John brings Mycroft his tea, the older Holmes is in the middle of a discourse about the best way to handle the press.  Sherlock's reputation isn't so great that he would be recognized, at least by name, outside of London, but the tabloids have taken an interest in him, especially after the Moriarty case.  There is one paparazzi in particular who has started following him around.  He is the one who took the famous "Heated kiss shared in the back of a cabbie" picture, which made the rounds of the tabloids six months ago.  Sherlock had laughed the incident off, while John had had to manage the micro-scandal on his blog, finally posting an entry confirming their involvement and making clear that he wouldn't discuss it.  He had been surprised by how little Sherlock had cared, until he came to suspect his companion had actually been secretly pleased, which fits in the strange duality of his controlling personality as a detective and his more subdue, submissive one as John's lover.
Sherlock falls into a sulk as soon as the door closes behind the young woman, and it takes John bringing an offering of sweet milky tea and caramel biscuits (to help him wait until supper.  Yes, Sherlock Holmes now enjoys multiple snacks throughout the day.  John himself has trouble believing it.) for Sherlock to explain the reason of his frustration.
John whispers, feeling like Sherlock's attentive gaze is piercing his soul.  "There is something I want to say, and I should've say it way sooner.  For that, I am sorry."
Well, John is not an idiot.  And he knows Sherlock has had plenty of time to find Beek's new address, lying down with his phone.
Sherlock sniffs.  "Yes, encouraged by Claire Green.  He is caught in her web and now doesn't have a personality of his own anymore.  He'd kill for her again without a second thought."
She smiles, eyes watery, and uses the last tube, barely taking the time to put a Band-Aid on Sherlock's arm before she disappears.
...?  Yes, right, it would have sat well with Sherlock.  It is also counterproductive, considering John's determination to give him some slack and show the complete trust he has in him.
"That poor man was two years away from retirement," John mumbles, pressing himself against Sherlock in the hope of creating more heat.
John has trouble understanding his behaviour, but he's certain he has failed Sherlock, being expelled from the room instead of acting as a much-needed emotional support.
After that expose, Sherlock refuses the invitation from Lestrade to lead the investigation team.   Greg had come to John, hoping he could get Sherlock to change his mind.  Yeah.  As if.  For Sherlock, the game is over.   He has no desire to pile up names and evidence, to look for multiple bank accounts, aliases and such, following never-ending trails all over the world.
That week, John only works a couple of shifts, and each of them stretches disagreeably, as if time has decided to mess with him, give him a taste of unwanted eternity.  John can only think about the flat, being back home with Sherlock, away from the rest of the world.  It feels like they are wrapped in a cocoon at home; everything is soft, and quiet and subdued. Maybe they are both responsible for this state, needing to enjoy the final days of the intimacy they share.  After all, they will never be two again, once Sage is born.  It’s as exhilarating as it is scary.
His right arm is suddenly yanked with incredible force, and John’s body is dragged against the blow, toward the pool.  He can only let himself go, whatever is happening.  The shock of the cold water surrounding him is paralysing.
Sherlock passes from post-orgasmic bliss to sleep.  He's on his back, both hands relaxed each side of his head, a position mostly seen with young babies.
Afterward, showering together had become one of their rituals, especially after a case.  It doesn't always end up with sex, but for John, it is clear how much Sherlock loves the proximity, the absence of any artifice that leaves them both naked, wet, moving around each other while they get clean, not caring if a position isn't especially sexy or flattering.  Water sliding on their skin in the crude light, revealing small imperfections, and for Sherlock, his washing ritual is so private, that moment where he gets ready before putting on his armour, that John knows he considers this as another demonstration of the total trust he has in him.
“That’s all they had that was over ten quid and not cheap enough to come in a four-litre box.” John warns before the older Holmes can even open his mouth.  He cannot keep his death glare for long, though, when the heavenly smell coming from the saucepan hits his nostrils.  “Jesus Christ, what do you put in your Bolognese for it to smell so damn good?”
The following hours are long and dull, as John grows frustrated with the constant interruptions to the sleep he needs so much.  It seems that each time he is quietly fading into painkiller stupefied unconsciousness, there is a nurse walking in to fiddle with the machines, take his vital signs, evaluate the swelling of his leg and appearance of his wound.  He is rolled downstairs for a CT scan, seated in a chair despite the pain, to get his blood circulation going.  He's a body manipulated for them, a carnal envelope that needs fixing.  It hits too close to home, despite John's determination not to think about it.  Too many parallels to make with the waking nightmare he had been through after the explosion of their jeep in Kandahar, when facing the reality of what had happened was so much worse than the pain he was in.
"Oh, John," he rasps.  "It has been too long, oh, oh god, I love this s-s-so much, it's... yesss... Your tongue, please, use your tongue..."
Making a plan might be Sherlock’s domain, but John is certain the actual work that needs to be done isn’t something he’s looking forward to.  Come to think of it, he has no idea if Sherlock likes to work with his hands, and if he is any good at it.  Well, he is, in very specific domains –like music, or chemistry - the way he manipulates pipettes and microscope slides is fascinating to witness, his movement easy and sure.  Imagining him painting a wall, though, just doesn’t work. John chuckles, thinking of Sherlock with a smear of paint in his impeccable hair, or wearing one of those paint overalls.
Sherlock has yet to move.  He stares down at the newborn, his mouth gaping, his eyes so wide they keep crossing.  Then, very slowly, he lays down a hand on her back, covering it from neck to bottom.  He looks up at John and tries to smile, but instead bursts out crying, shaking with the force of it, caressing Sage’s back with his indexfinger and staring at her in wonder.
"It's a girl!" John exclaims, and then, on a whim, takes Mrs. Hudson's frail body into his arms, lifting her from the ground.
phone, and interacting with another human being and all) and to be the one to open the door to the delivery guy - he even pays a couple of times, dear god.
"You bloody mad man, you," John retorts, unable to restrain himself further.  He grabs Sherlock into a fierce hug.  After his normal tensing period, Sherlock hugs back, and he must be bending his knees, because his nose is shoved in the crook of John's neck. Warm puffs of breath caress John's sensitive skin accompanying kisses.
Hearing Sherlock speaking with such affection about their baby always has a calming, peaceful effect on John.
John gets out of the car and walks around the back, taking a pack of tissues out of his pocket. He crouches near Sherlock and gives him a couple of tissues, waiting patiently while he wipes his face and mouth.
Sherlock shakes his head harshly.  "No, I would never wish to taint our relationship that way.  There was a time, John, where Mycroft and I were... Well, I would say... close, before he became my legal guardian.  Afterward, though, there was a time where we truly hated each other.  It wasn't his fault, he never asked for that sort of responsibility.  Now, it's gotten better. He is my brother, I can even say I am fond of him, but the hate has left wounds that will never be healed. refuses.  As for having my case revised, it is possible, but I do not wish for it to happen."
Sherlock has barely taken his eyes off his daughter since her birth, even while pushing the placenta out, and being submitted to John’s constant examinations.  He has the look he gets when he examines something fascinating, let it be footprints or chemical reactions. John knows he is taking in every single centimetre of their daughter’s skin, every shade of the few auburn hairs sticking up the top of her head, and her scent, and every tiny noise she makes, her fingers and toes, and so many more characteristics, categorizing all of it in his mind palace where he must have built a whole new wing just for her.  He doesn’t smile, or interact with her out loud, but John knows better than to question Sherlock’s love.  That is how his brain works, that is how much dedication he already has for Sage, using all his mental capacities to learn her.
Sherlock opens his eyes with a frown.  “You kissed me,” he murmurs. His words are full of surprise, and confusion, just like when he's baffled by something on a case.
When it became clear Sherlock needed an appointment as soon as possible, John, knowing him, had been prepared.
John slides two gloved fingers covered in lube into Sherlock’s birth canal.  There is little resistance, since the muscles are already softening, getting ready for birth.  John tilts his fingers upward and pushes slowly, finding the uterus cervix almost immediately.  Sherlock is holding himself very tense.
“...couldn’t be certain it would work.  I had to take certain facts into consideration, because if a basic physic equation could…”
John might be gone for a little longer than anticipated.  He gets rid of Sherlock's urine samples and scientific material but finds himself distracted by what has just happened and what is to come. He saves the three positive pregnancy test, though.  Three very real, very
Sherlock gives a dismissive movement of his hand, then his eyes catch the o2 sensor, a large white clip covering his index finger.  He stares at it in fascination, then waves, his eyes crossing.
John better get used to it, he thinks, catching a sentence about London traffic in the early hours of the morning during the weekends and wondering what the hell it has to do with anything.
"No, I did not.  There was a magazine about it in Amy's office and you were  engrossed in your stupid Sudoku."
"It's because it is quite full," Sherlock explains. John notices he doesn’t talk down to her, but uses simpler words than usual.
John turns on his side so he can look at him.  "Your parents are good people, that is what you have always said."
Two awfully long seconds pass, and then there is a sudden tiny kick against John's palm.  Then another one, and another one.  "Wow that's... wow..." he wishes he had more vocabulary at the moment, but his emotions are getting the best of him.
It doesn’t take long before Sherlock smiles back.  He tilts his head, staring at John with the intensity he usually reserves for a clue, and keeps smiling until, apparently despite himself, he begins to laugh, open mouthed and unguarded.
"But you did nothing," Sherlock cuts him off, his voice cold and his eyes sharp, now staring straight at Beeks who seems to crumble on himself.
, he thinks, kissing the nape of Sherlock's neck.  You don't need more assurance that you will be a good father.  You already love our daughter so much.  More than you realise.
"Yes," John agrees curtly.  He's not in the mood for small talk, and the therapist must notice, because he packs his material and makes a quick exit.
"It is the moment I knew I had fallen in love with you.  I do not know when it happened, it probably started building from the beginning.  But.  At the pool, I had to admit it to myself."
"Yeah..." John agrees, unable to resist brushing the curls covering Sherlock's forehead.  "Because we are disgustingly in love."
I am back with a new chapter.  Finally.  I want to take the opportunity to give my sincere thanks to those who left me comments after my last post.  I would like to be able to demonstrate how much it helped, because it really did.  When you are in a very, very dark place, and quite isolated, kind words of encouragement are like as many little lights appearing nearby, make the world a bit lighter.
"That ugly thing doesn't deserve my attention, you do it," Sherlock declares with all the ill will he is capable of.
Sherlock gives an awfully long sigh, for better dramatic effect probably, and joins his hands together under his chin.
"I assume you are referencing to our supper in family hell?" Sherlock lifts an eyebrow without looking away from his phone.
"And I will succumb.  I am now eating my emotions and it's all your fault," he murmurs, a little smile forming on his lips.
"Well, obviously.  Most people are idiots, though.  They need rules, and norms because they are afraid to think by themselves."
"I'm not exactly an expert in long-term relationships either, Sherlock.  But you know what?  From the beginning, being with you, has been liberating."
Saint-June explains to him that he might still feel confused and not to worry if he can't remember the past hours clearly.  It is due to a combination of the brain reacting to trauma and the heavy doses of painkillers he's been given. John knows all this, but it is comforting still. He stares into June's eyes -a bright green colour, almond-shaped, a beautiful contrast against her black skin - and imagines she must be as beautiful as she is kind.  No other doctor has had the time to treat John like a human being and not a broken machine -when one life is at stake, there are other matters at hand.
In the car, Sherlock shows John the picture sent by Lestrade, which reveals a badly decomposed body sitting in a rocking chair.
, John wants to say, except he doesn't because well... it's Sherlock.  It's not like he isn't known for his deduction skills and genius, right?  John trips over his feet while putting his socks on and barely holds himself up using the door handle.
Finally, one last thing.  The last part which I am currently writing contains a lot of fluff and happy moments, but I wanted to warn those of you that it also has Sherlock going through a quite serious baby-blues -nothing long-lasting, and it doesn't shift into a post-partum depression, but there is still some hurt ahead with, of course, the happy ending I always promise to my readers.  If some of you are sensitive to that issue, or are part of the mpreg amateurs who absolutely despise kidfics (not judging) you can simply end the story there.
John is lifted and pushed.  For a moment, he gives in and let unconsciousness take over.  He's tired, so very tired.
Sherlock is loud, uncontrollable.  He doesn't just cry, he voices all the emotions that were trapped for too long inside of him; his moans are filled with rage and sorrow ending with wet, violent hiccups.  At first, John is too overwhelmed to speak, so he holds onto him for dear life, rocking him softly like one would do with a child.
"I've have it for a long time," Sherlock says, still staring at the ceiling.  "It was one of my first, and it wasn't the safest, nor the closest, so I gradually abandoned it.  It's the only reason Mycroft didn't know about it."
Sherlock blinks once again at him, but it seems he can barely keep his eyes open.  "Oh," he whispers slowly. “Give me a couple of minutes to get myself together and I would very much like to reciprocate."
"You know why it's my favourite jumper, right?  That's the one I was wearing the day we kissed for the first time."
Another factor hinting at the theory that the labour is either more advanced than it seems, or progressing at a fast pace, is that the contractions appear to be already painful.  Of course, Sherlock shows great restraint –he has been practicing mediation exercises to control the pain assiduously- but the way his face quirks into a grimace, the heavy breathing through his nose, his clenched teeth, and the grip he has on John’s wrist – are all sings of how much he’s suffering already.  Sherlock has a great tolerance to pain –he’s been running after suspects with sprained ankles and concussions, has let John stitch his wounds more than once without any lidocaïne.  John doesn’t think he would react so strongly to contractions at the very beginning of the labour.
Sherlock complies.  He eats slowly while John drives through the night.  They don't talk any more, but the silence between them is, for the first time in two weeks, comfortable.
It isn't Sherlock's baby bump that gets him the attention of the Saturday morning crowd at Greenwich Market either, as he is figuring out a cold case, grabbing John by the shoulders and screaming: "the cat hadn't been fed!"
He tightens his hold around the burning, velveteen flesh of Sherlock's shaft, presses a soft kiss to his shoulder.
This time, Sherlock cannot relax so easily.  It has been a while since he's been so overwhelmed after sex, and it's not surprising.  Tonight was something else, not only physical but emotional.  John suspects it is all their talk about Sherlock's fear of losing control, and all the reassurance he tried to put in their love-making.  So he keeps caressing Sherlock's hair, murmuring silly love names here and there.  Sherlock hiccups once more, that particular breath he does when he chokes back a sob, but finally, finally, he begins to relax.
A firm hand on John’s shoulder makes him jump.  It’s Mycroft.  He’s completely wet, his  hair dripping down his ears and neck.  He shoves his mobile in his pocket and gives John a serious, contrite look.
"You know it's been thought to have healing benefits and has been used for more than a thousand years. And as folklore always goes, it leaked from the simple health domain into supernatural.  Up to this day, people -amongst them those who practice Wiccan, which is a modern form of witchcraft- up to this day, sage is burned to repulse evil spirits and ghosts.  The pretended healing properties are now seriously studied, because as it goes with long term beliefs, part of the lore always reveals to be true, up to some level."
Sherlock comes, his cock untouched.  He freezes, his chin resting on his chest, as his anal muscles twitch in a violent spasm before tightening like a vice.  Then, when he lets go for good, it's with a wail that rises, louder, higher.  Sherlock's losing control of his body, allowing himself to, and the pleasure spasms wrenching it are so violent John cannot control his own orgasm.  It takes over him so fast he cannot breathe anymore. His vision whites out.  For a moment, he doesn't know who's groaning and who's moaning, his limbs tangled with Sherlock's in a mess of muscles tensing and relaxing and trembling.  It's fierce, passionate love-making; and on an emotional level, it feels like a communion, as if they finally succeeded, and have become one.
As it turns out, the exercise does him some good.  Adrian is slow, and has a lot of arthritis, so John is the one doing most of the work, which he doesn't mind a bit.
John tries not to smile too much at Sherlock's praise.  He knows how sensitive he is to John playing the badass soldier when they are on a case; also, how he gets off on it.
Louisa Holmes is a clever woman.  She gives John one quick look with her fascinating eyes (those Sherlock inherited, shape and colour) and seems to understand quite a lot, suddenly.
Satisfaction is practically pouring out of Sherlock, and John can't resist him.  He grabs him by the scarf and rises onto his toes to kiss him.  Sherlock giggles in his mouth.  It's lovely.
He catches Mycroft’s eyes, who is listening to the messages on his phone, and he knows, without a doubt, that the bloody helicopter hasn’t taken off.
"Very well then, what do you want?" Sherlock lays his hands on his thighs, all business and detachment, even while wearing only his shirt and his pants, showing his light stubble, chapped lips, dark circles under his eyes, and his usually impeccable hair plastered in drab and broken curls on his head.
"Wise?  Maybe not.  But reasonable," John adds when Sherlock is about to interrupt him.  "Listen, my answer has nothing to do with you experiencing that batch of Braxton Hicks contractions -not contractions for real, do not forget it.  I know they stress you, but it is a completely normal process, bound to happen frequently in the coming weeks.  Yes, they sometimes can be triggered by tiredness, just like today, but you did rest, and they stopped.  Right?"
It soon appears, though, that John cannot do much.  He sees it, bending over the rocking chair.  The corpse has reached a state that is called "dry decay" in pathology.  He should have noticed it as soon as they entered the room.  Despite all the windows being closed, or blocked by wooden planks, the air doesn't carry the very characteristic smell of putrefaction.  There is barely any flesh left, and half of the woman's hair is gone, leaving a very fine layer of brown, thin ones.  The clothes are in very bad shape, eaten away by moths and covered in fine dust -human skin, most probably.  John cannot see, with a quick once-over, anything indicating the cause of death.  What catches his attention the most is the body's arms - they are cradling a plastic doll wrapped in a blanket.
Sherlock gives his instructions quickly, in a tone that forbids any protests.  Mycroft sits in the chaise longue, while Sherlock crouches, supported by his brother’s arms, with his back to him.  John will have to lay down on the floor to get access to the baby, but he does not care.  They need to do this, he realises.  Sherlock’s brain is in command, and it’s so very rarely wrong.
This is different, and this is Sherlock.  There is no etiquette to follow, John discovers, relishing in the sensation of liberty it gives him.
Some of you might have already realise that in my story, sometimes, Mycroft adresses John by his first name, and other times he calls him "Doctor Watson".  It is done on purpose, since that is how also present in the show.  Mycroft adresses John differently, depending on the scene.  I thought it was interesting to keep that.
John pushes the doubts away, and it isn't that difficult. He knows damn well he isn't better equipped or competent to handle parenthood than Sherlock, despite what Sherlock thinks, which is the reassurance John thinks he needs, not the bare truth.  It's just easier -and, frankly, it’s second nature by now- to worry about Sherlock than himself.  John has never been good at regarding the man he is with objectivity.  It's hard, always will be.
John is rendered silent by the sudden press of Sherlock's hand against his mouth.  At the same time, he hears it: footsteps on the pavement, loud and quick; a woman's, probably in boots with heels.  Wow, he's getting good at that whole deduction thing -not that he would tell Sherlock, who would then look at him as if he were an adorably stupid puppy, but according to his own standards, he has made progress.
John’s incredulity must be easy to guess, if only by the short hesitation in his massage of Sherlock’s hair.  The other man looks at him, still smiling.
Sherlock's eyes did seem a little glassy before they left, almost...  feverish.  Sherlock doesn't usually catch bugs like everyone else, and it had surprised John at first, because someone who doesn't take care of his health is more susceptible to common infections.  He had asked once, and Sherlock had begun to explain how some years ago, he had immunized himself against the most common illnesses, because being sick altered his thought process. John had told him to shut up, horrified, when Sherlock explained how he had infected himself, again and again, thorough a very hazardous process that could have led to his death.  It angers John that Sherlock has so little respect for his own life.  It always stays in the back of his mind, bringing him back again and again, to the first case they'd work together -John killing a man for that mad and insufferable detective whom -he had always known- had been ready to die just to prove a point.
John writes the date of the next appointment, saves the file and closes his laptop to find Sherlock has dropped his mobile and is currently observing him with all the intensity he's capable of.
“Of course, he will also be impossible to live with –but that’s my problem.  Our daughter will adore him.”
"For god's sake, I did not ask you to dress in a satin sheet and take a dramatic pose with your bump on display.  I asked for a simple picture."
Sherlock turns his head toward him. "Yes. Besides, sleep comes easily to me after an orgasm.” He closes his eyes for a second and takes a deep breath.  When he opens them, he's once again showing himself bare to John in absolute trust.  "Please," he croaks.  "I need this."
Sherlock falls forward, still dragged to the ground.  John, who hasn't had time to stand up, loses his balance and collapses on Sherlock's legs.  He can see the man still pulling Sherlock toward him.  It's Charles Chambers, looking pristine in his blue suit and tie, his eyes big and furious behind his thick glasses.  The guy is shorter than him and thinner than Sherlock; John wonders, in the middle of the action, how Chambers manages enough strength to resist the both of them.
(Yes, John's jumper, because Sherlock has stated that wearing one's companion clothes while sick is a well known practice and that he needs to experiment to see if there is any real effect  in providing a quicker recovery like some study seems to suggest.  He doesn't fool John, though, because as much as Sherlock likes to call them ugly and ridiculous, he indubitably is comforted by John's jumpers.  He's seen him more than once holding one of them and pressing it to his face, rubbing his cheek against the fabric.  Which is adorable and a bit creepy, but it's Sherlock, so it's alright).
“Maybe”, he admits, his voice a soft rumble.  “I am ready, though, John.  I spent most of the morning imagining my labour, in great detail, and not once did I have to stop because I was overwhelmed.”
"Yes.  My parents didn't have any control over me, so, in a way, they gave up -not on me, but on their ability to help -I didn't want to be helped anyway.  They knew Mycroft was better equipped to look out for me.  That's how it came to be how it is - a very superficial relationship, with few calls and visits.  I had my Work and it suited me that way.  But now...my parents obviously desire to be... involved with the baby's arrival, and everything that will follow.  I don't know how to do it."
John has to admit, he isn't sad to see him go -not that he doesn't appreciate the man, but he kind of wants Sherlock all to himself.
Sherlock isn't one to complain about every little glitch his body encounters, except when he is in the mood to bask in John's attention, but for a doctor used to diagnosing people every day, there is no need for words to deduce the reason of a peculiar posture, a grimace, or a quiet groan.  Nothing is out of the ordinary at this point, but it is hard not to worry.  It doesn't take much for "Doctor Watson" to be shut down by "Sherlock's fiancé", who's the prominent figure between the two.  Plus, it is not like John has had a pregnant wife, a close friend or family member before Sherlock to compare the symptoms.
"I did not punch you, I merely touched you - you are responsible for folding yourself forward at the same moment," Sherlock says, his lips twitching.
Sherlock is moving faster, pressing all of John's body down onto the couch cushion, rubbing himself all over him.  John can't believe how Sherlock's boyish enthusiasm gets to him.  To think of everything he can show Sherlock, of what they can discover together, it's dizzying, and John's cock approves by hardening further and adding another drop of precome to the patch of wet cotton in his pants.
.  Okay.  Sherlock feels guilty.  John wonders if he should be mad.  He doesn’t feel mad.  Hiding his intention of setting a meeting with Moriarty to show him the damn Bruce-Partington plans is so... Sherlock.  He had to win, though he hadn’t approved of the game he had been forced to play.
"Oh god, yes," John is shaking.  He's not sure he'll last long enough for Sherlock to actually help him, just the feel of those long, elegant fingers around his burning flesh is almost too much.
"So," John asks, neutral and patient, because Sherlock doesn't need to work himself up any more.  "What are you going to do?"
John, curious, tries to take a leaf for himself.  Sherlock bats his hand away.  "Let me choose, those larger leaves have been burnt by the cold, they're going to be bitter."
"Yes. I was serious about the epidural, John.  There has been great progress made in recent years with that technique.  It is now easier to control the intensity of the anaesthesia while..."
Sherlock's cheeks are now bright red.  He casts John a quick, uneasy look.  "There is no reason for you to be excluded, John.  I am not less interested or physically attracted to you.  I just have more trouble getting sexually aroused.  Some pregnancy studies suggest-"
If John were the narrator of his own life story, just like he is of Sherlock’s (part of his life, at least - there is so much more to tell than the work he does), now would be the time where he would stop the narrative to allow the reader to breathe.  It’s a very common strategy writers use: to begin a story right in the middle of the action, hoping to get the readers hooked as soon as possible.  Then, when the narrative allows it, the author takes a step back, exposes his characters, some of their back story, the meaning to their previous actions and the direction they’re heading toward.  It’s called exposition.  John, who does not, for a second, consider himself as a
John wishes he could lay down with them, just for a minute, just to take Sherlock into his arms, be skin against skin, with their wailing daughter close to them, but it’s not over.  He needs to stop the blood flow to the umbilical cord, and to get ready for the placenta’s expulsion.  He still stretches to kiss Sherlock, then his daughter.
"You can laugh all you want, you weren't even in the dream," Sherlock protests.  "Where the hell were you, you are a bloody doctor!"
It is a small, circular room, with an old, thick rope passing through the middle, which John guesses was used for bell ringing.  There is no electricity, but a small radiator and a couple of kerosene lamps.  The furniture consists of a small desk, a chair, and a mattress mounted on an old camp-bed frame.  This is where Sherlock is, lying down on his back under a couple of rough woollen blankets, arms crossed behind his head, and staring at the ceiling.  On the desk, there are several bottles of water, some of them empty, and a metal box that, John guesses, might contain biscuits.
"Well, Carl Grey is amongst those individuals who love money for the sake of it.  There is never enough."
Sherlock walks back a couple of feet, looking at John quickly to flash him the same playful smile. He seems to be enjoying himself immensely.  To be honest, John is starting to have fun.
With John, Sherlock had gotten used to some amount of touching and proximity, especially if it served  purpose (like having John getting his mobile out of his coat’s pocket as he was wearing it, or being examined after receiving a nasty blow from a drug dealer), which had still surprised him because he would not get within a foot of his own brother (although Mycroft really didn’t seemed to mind.  Maybe it is a family character trait).  Even with John, though, it remained quite rare.
John knows Sherlock is nervous, which explains his manic behaviour when they had left home.  He couldn't shut up, first about their last case, then about Christmas, and then when John had proposed they play a game to pass the time, Sherlock had given him a condescending look and laughed.  "Oh, really, John, your absolute lack of imagination as well as your mundane habits keep surprising me. "
"I know you've been feeling sick for the past couple of days," John murmurs.  "It's one of the most common symptoms, you know."
"Remember," John points out when the taxi stops in front of the community centre.  "If you decide to spend the duration of the class in your mind palace, what we are doing is pointless."
Lestrade stares another second, then bursts out laughing, grabbing Sherlock's shoulder with one arm to pull him forward, crushing him into a hug while patting his back.  John regrets not to be able to see Sherlock's face, it is so damn funny, and in the same time, it's... good.  John guesses the huge smile on his face isn't only because of Sherlock's current predicament, but also because of the warm, lovely sensation at the pit of his stomach, a mix of pride and possessiveness, which gets stronger with each day that passes whenever he thinks about Sherlock and their daughter.  When long seconds pass and Lestrade is still busy congratulating Sherlock -
"I do not make any fuss," Sherlock protests, crossing his arms.  He only needs a stern look from John to realize the absurdity of his statement.  "... Except right now, I guess..," he corrects himself reluctantly.
"If you think you can feel anything different let me remind you the embryo is currently the size of a sesame seed," he states matter-of-factly.
John has the feeling that if he doesn’t stop him, Sherlock will never shut up.  It’s not that John isn’t interested in the story, it’s the fact that Sherlock is working himself up, his voice harsher and higher than usual, his eyes wide and staring everywhere but at John’s. Speech is one of Sherlock's most evident and used coping mechanisms, but right now, it’s not calming him, it’s leading him to a full nervous breakdown.  John can’t remember having seen him in such an anxious state before.
John gives a shaky nod.  Meanwhile, a heated, nearby conversation is getting louder, enough for it to hurt John, physically, as if each of his exhausted nerves vibrates with the noise.  Sherlock notices.  His anger darkens his eyes.  He won't have any of it.
“She should share your heat, she needs it.” John instructs, smiling, and maybe crying –he’s not sure.
"On my testicles," Sherlock says quickly, avoiding John's look.  "You told me yourself the swelling was normal at this stage," he adds.
"Well, I can still feel your ribs when we're lying down so there is still progress to be made," John days, running his hand under Sherlock's shirt, feeling his stomach skin contract.  "But now we'll have to double our efforts, right? And fuck, Sherlock..."
"It is a literal kick. Remember our last appointment: she’s sitting, facing the left, so her legs are here, right under your hand," Sherlock says. "In fact, this morning in the shower I grabbed one of her heels.  She wasn't happy about it."
.  Why does John feels so ridiculously privileged to hear Mycroft call him by his first name? He even feels a blush rising over his face, a pleased blush, that is.
The next morning I awoke to Holmes nuzzling into my neck, his arms wrapped around my torso from behind, the whole long line of him pressed up against me. I sighed and tilted my head forward as he pressed delicate kisses to my neck.
Just then, Holmes looked up from his work with the bees and glanced in the direction of the window, waving. I waved back, feeling so much affection for him in his ridiculous bee hat, and smiled.
Try as he might have to hide it, I knew my Watson was near tears. The observation tore through my heart like a fillet knife. I had wanted to change my mind right then— to apologise, take him into my arms, anything! But I only stood there like a drowning man, useless, and spoke his name like I hadn’t lost my right to it.
Hello friends :) happy Christmas Eve! I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas despite the crazy times we are living in (if you celebrate Christmas or just a great day if you do not!). Hope you enjoy this chapter, yet again it is angstyyyy. But I've come to realise whilst reading through my stories/ideas that I like to rip my heart out on a regular basis over these two... oops. Enjoy!
Stamford was a good friend back in medical school. We had even been slightly more than that for a time, but that was long over. He had always been so attentive to my fragile nerves, and had soothed my homesickness with a gentle and affectionate regard. He had a rare kindness to him that was a balm to my battered spirits. I was in desperate need of his compassion again when I returned wounded from the battle of Maiwand. He had so wanted to be there for me, bless his generous heart, but his up and coming career as a lung specialist meant he was always busy, and he was already sharing a flat with a brother medico. Thus, he did what he could for me and found someone whom I could share the rent with. We were no longer lovers, but we shared a closeness that mere friends could never attain, after sharing such intimacies with one another.
“Well, good morning.” I said teasingly, leaning against the door frame with my brows raised, equal parts amused and intrigued.
I sat perfectly still. My fingers clutched my pipe firmly between trembling fingers, and I stared at Stamford with blank amazement, confusion and horror.
I closed my eyes again, remembering the pain of the last few days. The utter emptiness that had filled my heart.
I could feel the hard line of his arousal through his trousers, and thought of it consumed my attention as I tugged eagerly at his belt and flies. He obliged by kicking them aside, only clad in his smalls now, before his fingers lifted my nightshirt up and over my head. I lay bare before him now, and he stared at me, his grey gaze dark with desire as he drank in every detail. He placed a hand over my heart, leaning down to kiss one of my nipples.
my traitorous thoughts whispered. My mind was whirring as I threw my cigar in the fire, turned, and strode towards the door. I couldn't look at him, everything in me wanted to look back, just to gaze upon his elegant face for one last time, but I couldn't. He would see the tears in my eyes and I couldn't bear that.
,” He murmured, “I love you…” His voice caught slightly but he took a small breath to steady himself, “How much I have longed to say that to you.” He sighed before continuing, “My dearest John, for dearest you will always be, no matter what may befall us, my dearest... most beloved John.” This time, not only did the tears spring to my eyes but they broke free of their dam and began a steady course down my cheeks. Holmes lifted a delicate thumb to brush one tear away and kissed the other, halting its progress. His lips drifted up and I closed my eyes, revelling in the soft touches. I felt him kiss my eyelids lightly and I smiled. When he pulled away I opened my eyes slowly, drinking in the sight of his beautiful features, aglow with affection and love.
“No!” he whispered earnestly, I looked up and his dark eyes bore into mine, pleading, willing me to understand. “That isn’t it at all. I feared my emotions, yes, but never because of my work. I feared them because I feared myself. I thought you couldn’t feel the same, you, an admirer of women, and I thought that… well… I feared you would eventually…” He huffed, apparently irritated at his lack of eloquence, “...that you would be disgusted… look at me with hatred, fear a-and revulsion.” His voice trembled, “I would sooner break my heart by casting you from me than ever let that occur…”
Hi all! I actually have WiFi after 2 painful weeks of going out in the cold to Google something! I know this one is a little short so apologies but I hope you enjoy :)
