Steve flattened out his tongue and drew Tony’s length further into his mouth, sucking harder now, letting his tongue flick along the pulsing ridge underneath. Tony moaned, low and long, a fierce, guttural sound as Steve let more of his shaft sink into his mouth, bumping against the back of his throat for a moment before he withdrew with a wet sounding pop, searching for air, his throat constricting with panic, tightening against a weight that wasn’t really there. He could almost feel it though, rough and coarse around his neck, and he closed his eyes, letting his head fall down and grinding his forehead into Tony’s hip in half-frustration, half-apology. “I can’t—“ Steve coughed out, not sure if he was saying he couldn’t do this or couldn’t breathe or if those were the same thing.
“Sonofabitch,” Bucky said, eyes piercing holes into Tony as he stuffed the cigarette and lighter into his pockets.  Tony, for his part, was looking back and forth between Steve and Bucky, and Steve saw his jaw clench and eyes grow hard, mouth twisting into something that was supposed to be a smile but looked anything but mirthful.
“Probably looks a bit like you when you were talking about your workshop and your robots,” Steve told him with a smile. “I
Okay, so Steve wanted to see what he was dealing with.  Fair enough.  Tony could show him (be seen).  He could do that.  He could.  Steve was all poetic speeches, sitting on a picnic blanket, but this…this was the real deal.
Tony’s hand fell away from Steve’s cock, and he made a strangled sound that was almost a whine, earning a pleased smile from Tony.  He grasped Steve’s hand and led him to the bed, pushing him down with a gentle nudge and climbing between Steve’s legs, palming Steve’s cock through the fabric again, not stroking, just holding him with a firm pressure that made Steve want to buck up against his hand.  He didn’t, though.  He held himself still.  Waited.  Soon, Tony’s fingers started to work him, massaging, kneading, gliding up and down over the soft fabric, the heel of his palm digging in, then relaxing.
“No.  Not anymore. I haven’t felt like that since,” Steve stopped, trying to recall.  It hadn’t been a singular moment that he could point to, but it was gone, now, that terrible, cold feeling that once greeted him each time he woke to a new day.  “I don’t know,” Steve said honestly.  “But, no. It’s not---it’s not like that.”
“Donwanna talk,” Tony mumbled petulantly. “No talking.  Or we’ll talk later.  Much, much later.  Want…you.  I want you.  You, just like this.  You’re great. Fantastic.  Amazing.  Perfect.  Can we just—.  And wait, there are no options.  No, no options.  None. We don’t need to talk about them because there aren’t any,” Tony said, and he could hear the pitch of his voice approaching panic because now Steve was talking about options and by ‘options’ he meant ways that Steve could leave Tony, but that wasn’t possible, ergo there were no options.  That was just logic, really.
Tony turned away from the bookcase towards the center of the living area where Steve was standing, looking around what must appear to be a stranger’s apartment.  “So, nothing, huh?” Tony asked again more carefully this time.
Okay, so one of those things is not like the other, but he couldn’t help that half his head was full of fanboy glee and half was reminding him that at some point in his youth, all those fantasies about Captain America had taken a decidedly more…actively patriotic turn.
“Could use your help on the helicarrier design, too,” Fury continued, and damn if there wasn’t a smile the cagey bastard’s voice, Tony thought.  “Maybe you can suggest some improvements there.  Heard you got a good look at the engines.”
“Maybe,” Steve said, drawing out the word then taking a sip of the champagne.  “Never really imagined something happening with you, to tell you the truth.  Just, you know, the dance thing. Get paid, get out. The usual. Didn’t really expect you’d be,” he waved a hand in the air in front of him, which Tony supposed meant a hell of a lot more than Steve bargained for in negotiating a lap dance. “I don’t know what I expected.  Not this, though.  You, me,
The battle, such as it was, ended up being mostly clean-up from that point.  Hulk and Thor had taken down the bulk of the Doombots, and Hawkeye, Widow and SHIELD handled whatever made it outside the perimeter Steve had set.  They all gathered when it was over, gave brief reports to Fury.  Tony tried to apologize for his earlier behavior, but everyone just kept congratulating he and Steve and patting him on the back.
“Your best friend hired me to grind on you in a g-string,” Steve reminded him with a half-smile.  “Not sure that’s exactly what people mean by karma.”
He’d done the math in his head already.  He knew how this ended. Even at the suit’s fastest, even assuming it could take that speed in the very different conditions up here, even if the spare reactor worked better than any of the cores that he had tried before...the distance was just too great.  He wouldn’t make it. The suit could probably be retrofitted with some type of waste recycling system if he cobbled it together from the ship, but it wouldn’t be enough to get him home. He would die of dehydration long before he made it, even at the suit’s top speed.
Stane snorted.  “Oh, Tony.  Tony, Tony, Tony.  This is…this is really quite pathetic, my boy, even for you,” Stane said, shaking his head in mock sadness.  And Steve saw it, saw it fractions of a second before it happened.  He might have reached out, to do what he wasn’t sure.  Stop Stane, put the words back in, grasp at Tony before the world spun out beneath him, he wasn’t sure.  He couldn’t breathe.  His mouth wouldn’t form the words, “No, stop, don’t” that his head was screaming.
It was so easy to let himself slip into just being around Tony, being his friend, his partner in battle, his confidant when each of them needed someone they could talk to about ice and water, cold and darkness, without fear of judgment.  But that was all they were. Friends.  And he needed to let this thing go before it messed that up.  He’d never forgive himself if he let this ruin his friendship with Tony.  Obviously, Tony, who never had any problem whatsoever showing his interest, did not feel the same way, so this just had to stop before it became a real problem.  The last thing he needed was to damage his relationship with the team because he couldn’t stop wondering what Tony’s beard would feel like rubbing against his cheek.
“Alpha,” Steve said again, the word seeming to sear a line from Tony’s brain to his cock. He reached out to cup Steve’s ass, massaging the cheeks in his hands a bit, then gently spreading him further apart. Steve’s skin was warm and fevered, glowing with a sheen of sweat that wet his palms. Steve’s hole wide and puckered, leaking a steady stream of fluid now. Tony traced the harder skin that circled it with his finger, then pushed inside the slick channel. God, Steve was burning up, Tony thought as he swirled his finger around the soft, wet passage. Steve sucked in a gasp of breath, then let it out in a long, low hiss, his cock bouncing insistently against his belly.
Plus, if he was honest with himself, whether Brock wanted to try to fix him or not, certainly, he had changed a lot since he started this relationship with Brock, Steve realized with a frown.  If you just looked at it objectively, and started from the point he met Brock, he’d… well… he’d…
“How long have you got?   Spent some time on the fringes in India with a few researchers doing work on it. Too controversial for funding here, trying to find the science behind it, figure out how it works. They’re doing a lot of research now that they’ve mapped the genome. It’s fascinating, really,” Bruce told him, eyes bright and words flowing rapidly, the way they did when he got excited about something. “Imagine if you could understand how it all works. I mean…wow, right?”
Tony’s hands stilled suddenly, then released him as he sank backwards on his knees, one hand going to the floor to hold him up, chest heaving with sharp pants. Instinctively, Steve followed, running his cheek along the rough scrape of Tony’s beard as his mouth glided along the underside of Tony’s jaw, before he pulled back far enough to find Tony watching him, an aching hunger in his eyes that made something hot curl low in Steve’s belly, and he could feel himself harden.
“I missed you,” Steve said, without prompting, no longer surprised that it was true in its own way.  His voice was a rough, scraping sound, a whetstone gliding over the face of a sword.
Steve did.  So fast, apparently, that Tony actually let out a startled laugh, though he quickly stifled it and ran a settling hand down Steve’s back.  Steve reminded himself to breathe.  That was the key, he knew.  At least this part didn’t usually last very long.
“A drawer?  Pbbzzt,” Barnes said, making a noise.  “You ever walk to your fridge in the middle of the night to get a drink of water and have the crap scared out of you by a giant teddy bear sitting on your sofa with your mopey best friend?  Because, let me tell you, that’s not the kind of noise you want your girl to hear you making.”
“Your route was classified.  Highest levels.  In fact, there were three routes, standard procedure.  Things change on the ground so fast, you need options.  No one knows until the go-route until the last minute.  It was one of the reasons it took so long to get out there.  We couldn’t get confidence on your last position.  So, if the decision wasn’t made until you were about to head out, how’d the Ten Rings know exactly where to be to hit the convoy?” Steve asked, shaking his head in obvious agitation.
“What say you to the idea of doing away with the harem entirely?” Tony suggested, his voice even and mild, as if he was merely curious, but his gaze was sharp on Steve, who started with surprise and sucked in a steadying breath.
“Pot-kettle,” Tony shot back, then started digging into his breakfast like they hadn’t just been discussing his own possible murder.  “We’ll get you some clothes at the Forum.”
“Fine,” Tony agreed sullenly.  “All this just because I said I liked fixing Clint’s bow the first time? At least tell him I said to stop breaking things. Clint will hate me if he keeps losing his crossbow everytime Steve thinks I’m bored.  Tell him…tell him that I like to build things, too.”
“Dinner first? Classy,” Brock said, huffing out a laugh and downing the rest of his drink.  “Shit,” he added, biting at his lip.  “Can you believe this?” he asked, spreading his arms wide, a grin forming.  “I mean, we’re gonna be rich, Steve.
Tony sighed, nodded, and whistled for Dummy, who loped over next to him, his long, pink tongue hanging out. “Come on, boy. Just a little further,” Tony said. The wolf chuffed at him and sprinted off to chase after a few birds that were pecking at the ground, looking for their dinner.
“But, and hear me out, here,” Tony began, trying to keep his voice light.  “I was thinking, maybe you don’t go in today.  Maybe you just stay here.  Relax.  I’ve got the Board meeting this afternoon, and Obie wants to meet first, or I’d stay.”
“How are you thinking about pizza?” Tony asked with an exasperated grin.  He got up and walked over to the front of the cell and wrapped his hands around the bars, peering towards the door where the sounds were starting to grow louder.
“We should all eat. Clean up a bit,” Tony suggested, looking out to the sea.  As soon as Tony said it, Steve’s stomach decided to remind him it existed.
“No.  Not going to let that one go,” Steve repeated, following his words with a teasing smile, though his voice was a deep, rich rumble that melted into Tony’s skin.
Tony reached out and took Steve by the hand, gently guiding him towards the ramp. He stopped to grab his suitcase, figuring that he could get Steve’s later. It probably had boring, useless stuff like clothes, anyway.   “So, here we are,” Tony said, swinging his suitcase in the direction of the sprawling house.
“Something like that,” Steve replied softly, pressing another kiss to Tony’s temple.  “Something a lot like that.”
“I get that lots of what happened to the Captain shouldn’t have. I argued against it. I was shut out. I only found out what they did to him a little before you happened -.” The way he’d used the word happened chilled Tony. He knew then it was a set up. Somehow. “To run into him. Pierce and his yes men wanted the Captain for more than I can tell you and probably more than you want to know. Thankfully, the Captain did escape.” For a quick minute, Fury had glanced at Nat and she only tightened her mouth and said nothing.
“We should probably get back. It’s going to be night soon and I’m going to freeze with wet clothes.”
Tony shrugged, his hands in his pockets. “Better now. You should talk to him, though. Nat explained some stuff to him. So did Clint. Thor seems kind of – scared, frightened? Those words seem wrong for a demigod. But he seems a little taken aback being assigned Guide.”
“Hurry up, she’s not a woman to be dallied with,” Sam replied and then they heard him head back to the house.
“Everything Natasha talked about. The whole thing with the vampires and Ross. We’ll figure it out.” He clasped Tony tighter to him. “I know how Nat feels about the whole mating thing, that it shouldn’t be anything other than a convenience. But she’s worried about it too. You can tell. She wouldn’t have told vamps to stay away from their mates if she didn’t care.”
In a last effort, he heaves once to get the thing off him, but a press of a paw pushes him back and pins him down. “Shush now. I’m trying to staunch the blood.”
“Lambs to the slaughter,” Tony filled in. He gestured to Bruce that he was fine and stood up as he pulled the remains of his shirt down. “What are we facing when you say they’ve been manipulated? Can we get through to them?”
“While we lay low. Are you hanging with me or someplace else?” Tony hated to push the point.  Of course, Bruce knew about Steve, but Tony only knew that Bruce didn’t have a mate. Or Tony figured he never mated because he carried the damned cooler everywhere.
It’s eerie hearing Steve’s voice knowing that he’s a few floors down, sleeping in that wonderland of hope and horror. There’s no visual but Tony feels his heart hammer in his chest.
Tony swallows down the fear, the anxiety growing and says, “Yes, audio, too.” He’s not sure he wants to hear it, that he can stand to hear it.
The dark gaze Tony offers him heats Steve’s flesh but he forces himself not to break the moment. He wants to dig into the feel of it, tunnel further and find out exactly what Stark’s game is but more than that, more than that, he wants to touch his mouth against those mocking lips.
Placing the tumbler on the desk, Steve stands up. He wishes at that moment he was taller, broader, a more powerful presence in the room. “I don’t have a choice in this, Nat. This isn’t about me; it isn’t about Tony. It’s about something bigger.”
“Not holographic. This is nanographic. In other words, thousands of tiny nanobots spread out from the main disc and form a lighted graphic display that is the equivalent of the shield. Touch it.”
Tony scoffed. The mystical powers that vampires acquired took years, even decades, to manifest. How it happened, what triggered it, Tony still didn’t know. Natasha and Thor stayed mum about it, and from Tony’s research there was little written on the subject. As a young vampire, it would take more than a few bites of the best blood around to transform him and have his powers appear so early. “I’m too young for powers. Plus, most vampires don’t survive long enough to  get any powers at all.” Tony didn’t feel any different, unless remorse for drinking so much counted.
As he swings open the door, Steve scans the room and notes the large bed with the canopy. He still throws wagers around trying to get Natasha to fess up how she managed to get that monstrosity out in the middle of the Western Territories near the Rocky Mountain range. She's always been coy about it, but insanely proud as well. On top of being a massive bed (the grandest he's ever seen) it's well appointed with linens and cushions and pillows and one of Aunt May's beautiful quilts. Next to the bed is a small night stand with a lantern burning, but what draws his attention is the table near the window.
“Cho segmented that part of your memories and blocked them. You don’t want to remember them; he did things to you. He used you Steve. I don’t want you to remember them because he did them with my face.”
The screen goes dark and Pepper stutters for words. Tony smirks at her. “I knew he was mine the minute I realized who he was. There was no question.”
Immediately the room plunges into serene beach in the middle of the night with the calm waters of an ocean playing in the background. There are moons in the sky highlighting the waves as they crash along the shore.
When they enter the front doors, Steven pauses and then asks, “If you don’t mind, I’d like to have a few minutes. Alone.”
Bucky had said as a young teen that if he’d been an alpha he would have taken Steve as his omega. “No question about it. You would be it.”
“Yeah, and the one who also happens to be part of our pack,” Steve said. The anxiety seeped out of him, not only through his constant pacing but also the chords of his soul. It leaked through the waves and Tony wasn’t all that proficient yet to cut it off. “He’s Brother.” Steve pointed to a mark on his arm. “We have to go and get him. He’s probably confused, alone.” What Steve didn’t say remained as the proverbial elephant in the room – that the Winter Soldier was on the loose and now the soul pack was responsible for him.
She moves off to the door. He follows her, intending to wrench the door open and get out of this hell. She shoves a hand on his chest. “No, I’ll find you. I’ll come back to you to help get him. But not here, not now. In the future. I’ll come get him. But you have to hide him until then. It won’t be safe for him. Get out, get out, now.”
“I had dates, Tony.” Steve sounds exasperated with Tony, but not only him but probably the rest of the world as well.
White light temporarily blinds him, and he groans. A feeling like a tether lassoed under his sternum tightens as if it tries to yank him away from listening. “Wh-what?” His voice is still rough from the injury.
“We’re not here to pay for our sins, Steve,” Tony says and takes his hand. They fall silent. Steve knows Tony’s considering his words, weighing the truth of being in this odd out of sorts middle space where a monster dictates their lives and decides their fate.
“I talked to Thor a little,” Steve said with a half-smile. “He’s a little freaked out, but he’s getting there.”
Instantly, the few different packs in the world that had been studied appeared, but it wasn’t the players or individuals. Instead what blinked and materialized in tantalizing blues, reds, and yellows included what could only be described as neural networks. As soon as he glimpsed them he recognized it. He might not be a biomedical scientist or engineer, but the similarities couldn’t be denied. Each member offered a piece of the puzzle, yet the individuals were not isolated but merged through the neural networks in a pattern that reminded Tony of his work with artificial intelligence. The idea that he was a part of it excited him, but when he thought of those moments in the cabin, his heart dropped.
As he heads to the bathroom to re-apply a new applicator of nanites, he calls to Tony, “Are you going to tell me what Bohemian is or do I have to guess?”
“I grew up poor, but my friend always said I had a lot of spunk -.” Tony had coughed up his wine as Steven spoke. “What?”
“You know, we’re not so different, after all.” Tony moves away from the liquor cabinet. “When I was young I wanted to forget my responsibilities.”
Steve hisses as the wind shocks and the snow flies around them. “I don’t trust him. We might be walking into a trap or we might be walking away from a town about to be hit.”
“I may be able to offer some assistance,” Thor says and his expression only leads Steve to believe that he’s not going to like what he hears. “There are my poisons and natural herbs my mother knew. This one, I am sure, will go to his brain and he will suffer for it.”
It’s the right thing to do and Steve hates it. He despises the idea of leaving Tony alone with no other protection but his wits and the Iron Man armor. It’s a ridiculous thought, Tony can take care of himself.
“You, my friend, must find a way to relieve your mate,” Thor had said. “You are depending wholly upon his blood for any sustenance. He will not be healthy, and you will end up sickened if that happens.”
“The game and the rules shifted. Ultron learned something and he rewrote part of the rim,” Tony answers. He goes to the window and peers out. “We’re still on Clint’s farm. No telling if it’s the same day or not.”
Steven lightly stroked his hand up and down Tony’s back. “In some ways you are my captor. I am compelled to be your servant, your warrior by biology. But the fact remains that society has made me subservient to you in every way under the law. It wasn’t like that – well it wasn’t like that before. It isn’t like that in the Purge Rim.”
Another round of bullets swept the car. Steve heard the ping-ping as they went through the roof and hit the vibranium of the shield partially covering Tony.
Tony finds him sitting there under the dead tree and eases down next to him. He joins Steve staring out into the glinting oranges and reds as if he sees something on the indistinct horizon that he can’t glimpse.
Steve jerks to attention like his drill sergeant screamed orders at him. He glances at Tony and then the indicated chairs as if he’s assessing the dangers. “Chair?”
Clint lifts his chin in greeting and scrubs at his eyes. He looks like a dog walked all over him, used him as a chew toy, and then spit him out. “Coffee?”
The water rushes around him, drowning out his calls, and pushing him farther away from where Tony went down. Frigid waters crest over him and he fights against the force to stay upright. He allows his body to fall into the current, trying to find a way to follow Tony.
“You mean it could have turned him into a super Ultron,” Sam says. Before Tony can protest further, Sam stops him. “Listen. Doctor Cho did what she did because your heart rhythm was erratic at best. We really did think you were going to check out on us.”
Was that what Tony asked of Steve? To cut off Bucky, to make him leave behind a part of his soul? The light dawned – but like the morning it took its time, playing with the horizon, warming the landscape yet only slowly thawing out the frost of the night.
He doesn't have a minute to spare as the door bursts open and a contingent of six men fall into the room. Luck is with him though because half of them are officers in dress uniforms and without a side arm. He shoots them without remorse. The other three are a different story. One gets a shot off that explodes on his metal shoulder causing a jolt of electricity to crackle up and now the gears. The motors whine in protest but he barrels at the guy toppling him over and then kicking out with both legs as he flies to the floor. He trips one of the remaining troopers and kicks the other in the face. He goes down but the other jumps to the defense of the one Bucky wrestles.
Steve smiles and it feels like all the world’s heaven to Tony, to see him shining and beautiful but so wounded and broken. “Don’t waste your life, Tony. Don’t waste it.”
He’ll need to bond. He knows it. He can feel it in his fingertips, in his groin, in his gland. Finally, he needs to bond and there’s no way out. There’s no hope. Because his alpha is a million miles away. His alpha hates him.
Once the tables were turned and Rumlow had a rifle to Steve’s head in the middle of the DC intersection, Steve felt nothing through the bond. Just an eerie dissonance rang when he thought of Bucky – the Winter Soldier. His core shook, rattled inside of him and no Soul Mantra regardless of the complexity or simplicity would quiet it. A strange kind of paradox conquered him where the soul bond felt miles away and untouchable while his own astral projection broke down and fragmented into so much cacophony.  What did his core, his astral projection want from him? He couldn’t fathom. He knew that his disquietude bothered both Sam and Natasha, but he sat in the bindings in the back of the SUV, stunned, shocked, and motionless.
Steve shivered in his chains, his body wanting to rebel. He swallowed compulsively. The taste of blood and bile mixed in his throat until he retched. Blood dribbled out of his mouth as he tried to hold his body still.
“It was kind of mutual?” Steve says. “She was homesick and couldn’t stand the injustice in a place that had been built on the idea of equality. I think she’d make a good one of those women protesters in New York. She’d like it out here where women get to vote.”
“Who said it was you going?” Steve had asked. That had led to one long conversation, battle, debate, and final resolution that they would both go since Cho thought that the maximum the cradle technology could handle would be two.
Tony only half listens to what Richards is spouting, because one thing rings a bell, loud and clear in his head.
All of it shattered him until he glued himself back together again using denial, arrogance, and stoicism. He marched to the beat of a long distant drum, one of war and pride. Ultron wasn’t wrong when he accused Steve of being ‘God's righteous man. Pretending you could live without a war.’ Ultron shocked him out of his stupor and Steve faced reality
“Nope, Newton physics should apply, but this is some weird ass stuff we’re getting into,” Tony agrees. “So somehow or another this applies.”
“You know what happened,” Tony replies and leaves it at that. He’s not going to chastise Steve for not confessing about the seizures. Even though he’d been told that Steve could bring them on himself, Tony is fairly certain he didn’t try and do it in the middle of a very public diner.
“I am a doctor, but I am also a sane person, Mister Stark. I will not interfere in the affairs of the immortals, the Legions. That is not for me to change, if there’s a Collapsing Event, that means they will come for him. He’s not safe and neither is anyone around him. I have a family, Mister Stark,” she says and walks around him even as he tries to prevent her from leaving.
“Shit.” He doesn’t have the backpacks. Neither of them. Consistency has been working in their favor since the very first rim. The Hawkeye outer rim had so many glitches and reboots things would change unexpectedly, but after that the world and game had settled. Now, Ultron’s playing with it again. Changing things to get the advantage.
“This all sounds fun and all, but I would feel more comfortable if the Howling Commando had her Captain back.” She accept a drink from the man tending bar and strolls over to the check in kiosks. She dumps her plate, utensils, napkin, and drink into his arms and turns back to the console to start registration. “Do you know what group we’ll be escorting to the Lemurian Star?”
Much later as he stares absently at the ceiling of the medical bay, Sam enters the room and his movements a little less fluid, a lot less graceful than Steve recalls. For a second, Sam blurs in his vision and he needs to blink several times to clear the visual vibrations. Sam seems to read his thoughts.
In that moment everything changed for Tony. He brought Steve to one of his hidden hang outs. Took care of him. Nursed him back to some mental health. Now, Steve Rogers, dedicated his life to Tony and to transforming how the V-Corps dealt with vampires. The promise of fresh blood and a human who protected him drove Tony to near madness at times. Natasha had warned him against getting too involved in his mate, but that was an impossible piece of advice to follow. Steve Rogers was the absent sun of Tony’s days. To his detriment he’d do anything for Steve. They’d interwoven their lives and Natasha only shook her head at him. While he might never admit to Steve how very important he was beyond the physical, Tony knew the truth of the matter in his stone cold heart. Every interaction, every time he touched Steve it felt like the sun warmed him. Even now, as he drank, Tony embraced Steve as if it might be the last time.
Steve snapped out of it. Putting the phone on the tray table, he closed his eyes. One thing at a time. He needed to think things through, and he needed to talk to Tony.
“I’ll talk with Wong about it, but it’s because of the fracture, probably. From what Wong taught me, a fracture causes the astral projection to severe from the astral dimension and if I had to guess it causes a kind of black hole in the soul that eats up the soul’s energy.”
She grabs his arm and her nails press into his wrist, daggers against the reinforced armor of his uniform. “I didn’t say he should be with Tiberius, I said he can’t be with you. Remember that Commander.”
“I’d rather not, thank you very much,” Steve says and stands up. He walks over to the expansive windows of his office on the Capital Living Station of the Inner Belts.
“I don’t think so?” Steve said. He twisted his mouth as he contemplated, and then said, “How about we try this? You could try and send a signal to me.” Steve went to the fire again and sat down on the rug. He must look ridiculous, big and clumsy as he tried to exude calm.
Indicating the dildos of different lengths and widths Natasha asks, “Which is the largest you can take?”
Steve scans the surrounding area through the iced windows. Carefully, he stands up. His rib is already feeling better. The throbbing in his nose decreases to an unpleasant ache. He balances as he picks his way through the Quin Jet trying to find a clue to the next Passage. “Truthfully, I don’t see anything that would be remotely about me. I didn’t down a Quin Jet. How could Ultron get it so wrong?”
“Careful now, those are still healing,” Tony says and puts the glass down to help Steve get situated on the bed. He handles Steve’s wings as if he’s used to them, as if they are a common occurrence. “What? Leona needed someone to help her treat them.” He positions them so that the splints aren’t in the way and he can easily lay them across the massive bed.  “Does that work for you?”
Steve glances at the cash scattered on the floor and then back at the drawing. He licks his lips before he answers, “He just wanted to help people. He never felt helpless though lots of people considered him helpless, weak.”
Tony falls silent again, his glasses hanging from his fingertips as he bends over and has his elbows on his knees. The defeat and shock emanate off him in slow aching waves. Steve settles next to him and gently takes the precariously held glasses out of his hand. He places a hand on his shoulder. In a quiet voice Tony says, “I need time to think.”
JARVIS projects the sea around him and the main table where Steve and the prince ate breakfast a few short hours ago. The water looks like a living thing and JARVIS has it so that it isn’t mid-day but near sunset on some foreign planet. The planet’s sun melts into the horizon line of the water and the ripples around him move with his motions. The blues and oranges remind him of the nebula, but it is so much richer. “Where is this JARVIS?”
“Wh-,” he murmured. “What is it?” Steve met Tony’s gaze and saw his love had tear stains on his face as well – tears of blood.
Slipping off the couch and quietly approach the prince, Steve gets within a meter of him and then kneels, shuffling closer while bringing the little packets of condoms out. “I have chocolate, strawberry, and my very favorite black cherry.”
“Bucky, it isn’t like Stark Corp is feeding off of the Rims and Outers, it isn’t like that at all. You know that. He’s got humanitarian missions and foundations,” Steve says and feels his throat tighten up. “That’s it, I’m not fighting about this with you. This is my duty, I have to do what I’m assigned.”
“Well, we don’t have a lot of choices. Unless you want to slip out of this rim and go back?” It hadn’t occurred to him before to really retrace their steps. Doing it might throw Ultron off, cause the AI to do another pause in the virtual reality. “It might be the best way to go.”
“I kind of want that,” Tony replied, following Rhodey’s quick steps up to Steve’s floor, but giving the box a longing look.  “Could be a conversation piece.”
“Spent some time digging last night while Carl—is it Carl?  Lovely fellow. Got to see lots more of Carl than I really wanted, to be honest, but, anyway, Carl was working on the wiring while Miguel, Trey and Dave were, I guess, supervising?  At any rate, got some time to check out our dear judge, and it turns out he has several accounts with a Cayman Islands brokerage firm, which, funnily enough, used to operate under a different name, under which Justice charged it with conspiracy to commit tax evasion twice, though they could never get enough evidence.  I am feeling the stirrings of civic duty,” Tony told her.  “Don’t worry,” he added.  “I’m not going to do anything that implicates SI in any way.  Guy took money under the table from dear, old Pops, he had to hide it somewhere.”
Steve nodded slowly, swallowing back the words of protest. “We’ll rebuild it,” he heard himself promise, not even sure exactly what he was offering to rebuild.
Steve didn’t know how long they stayed that way, wrapped in each other, hovering between sleep and wakefulness. Floating, Steve thought, though the familiar unsettled feeling that usually accompanied the path to sleep did not surface this night. Tony, Steve thought, breathing deeply into the warmth of Tony’s skin. Tony is here, and he won’t let me go. He can’t. Life and death, a beginning that is an inevitable end and an end that cannot exist without a beginning. The same thread, viewed from different sides.
“I read the books,” Steve replied.  “They made those into movies?  Really? With the…Ents and the singing and all that stuff?”
“Happy has no faith in humanity,” Tony said loud enough for Happy to hear.  “Actually, I think it’s just too cold out there for muggers.  New York’s muggers are pansies.  Got to go to Jersey for the real hardcore muggers.  Or, like, a charity wine tasting in the Hamptons. Brutal.”
“Look,” Stark cut in, leaning over the table with his hands around the edges.  “I was once kidnapped and tortured, my research facility blew up, and my pseudo-father figure was killed in a private plane crash. You may have heard,” Stark said with a shrug as he leaned back again.
“Seriously, your own hotel. You pick,” Tony offered, swiveling a wide-eyed, pointed glare at Bucky and splaying his hands wide before settling them in his lap.
.  Whatever Steve’s reaction to this, from best case, where he just signed the papers, to worst, where they fought it out behind their lawyers and all over the tabloids, there was no scenario where Tony didn’t have to absorb that reaction, deal with it, open something up that had taken him years to finally lock away.  Call it cowardice, and maybe that’s what it was, but damn, if he didn’t want to do that.
“Can’t throw everyone through walls,” Tony replied, though his mood improved.  “Well, I mean, technically, you probably could, but Pepper can only spin doctor so much bad PR at one time. The-the, ah, the soldiers.  Who were with me…” Tony trailed off.  His hand was wrapped in Steve’s shirt again, blending the black R and M of the standard issue Army tee into a dark swirl.
“Fine,” Steve agreed, not that it had taken much convincing. They had been able to see the spires of the Castle rising in the distance since yesterday afternoon, and it seemed to pull them all forward, buoying tired feet with reserves of speed. He felt a thrill run through him at the idea of seeing Tony again, finally, after all this time. He could bury the doubts and uncertainties under the sheer force of Tony’s presence, at least for awhile. He nodded towards Dugan, who tugged sharply on his horse’s reins, and turned to deliver the change of plans to their officers. Steve dug his heels into his horse’s sides, spurring it forward as Jones, Falsworth and Rhodes formed a circle around him.
“I like you.  Okay.  You’re a good person. Better than…better than a lot of people. I like you, and whatever happens here, I want you to be okay,” Tony said after a moment.  He wasn’t looking at Steve when he said it, though he raised his eyes up to Steve’s as the next course appeared and the waiter went through what they were eat. Steve watched as Tony rubbed his lips together, swiped a hand over them, then picked up the fork and knife and held them on either side of his plate before taking a breath and looking back at Steve.  “Eat your…er, did he say chickpea cappuccino?”
Tony looked down the road, but didn’t see anything for another few seconds.  Two lights crested the hill, and soon enough, a black SUV pulled into one of the parking spots farthest away from the damaged guardrail, followed, somewhat improbably—though what about this night was following any kind of predictable pattern?--by a red convertible coupe, which double parked next to where the Audi used to be.
It wasn’t a good kiss.  Even Tony knew that much.  It was teeth clacking together, noses bumping, lips sliding against each other, and all around probably terrible, but Tony kept his mouth on Steve’s, and God, it wasn’t a good kiss at all, but it felt like heaven. Steve’s whole body was hard and unyielding, coiled tight with tension, but his lips were soft against Tony’s, warm and pliant.  Tony’s mind helpfully supplied the image of Steve chewing on one of his charcoal pencils while he sat in the garage with Tony, that plump bottom lip of his folded around the curve, and Tony heard himself groan into Steve’s mouth.
.  Nothing mattered, except that.  He sucked in a breath. This one didn’t hurt as much, he noticed, as he let it out in a long, shaky hiss.  Steve was alive. Steve was alive, and Steve was
.  Rebuke.  Praise. Punishment.  Gratitude. He had no idea, and it all swirled around in his head in an intoxicating mixture of need and desire.  Tony would know, he told himself. Tony would know what he needed.
“What, ah…what was it that they did to you? Do you know?” Tony asked. His eyes had finally adjusted enough to make out the now much smaller shape of Steve sitting in the corner of the cell, uniform rolled up on bunches around his arms and ankles.
The next day, Steve was back at work at the construction site, because he insisted and had made Tony promise not to interfere, though Steve could tell he wasn’t happy about it.  He watched Happy drive off just in case, before going to meet Clint and Bucky.  He looked down at his new Starkphone and resisted the urge to call Tony, thinking about how he’d left him this morning, snuggled up in bed, hair mussed and a bit of drool coating the pillow he’d smashed his face into.
“Want to tell me how come I’m sitting here and not headed back to Manhattan, crying on Rhodey’s shoulder?” Tony asked carefully.   Steve was quiet for a long moment, looking down at the bottle of beer he held in his good hand.
Damn.  His mom.  Fuck. It was officially his birthday, which meant the No-Dodging Rule was invoked.  He was going to have to talk to his mom.  She’d probably sing.  Then tell him not to eat so much cake, after offering whatever flimsy excuse she had this year for why his father wasn’t wishing him a happy birthday.  He would come to the phone, Anthony, of course, he would, but he stubbed his toe on a Doesn’t Give a Fuck and then tripped over a Can’t Be Bothered, you understand, don’t you, dear?
“No,” Steve answered.  “Wait—yes.  Sort of. At Nat’s birthday.  You played ‘Happy Birthday’ on the piano at the bar.”
“Never thought this whole prostitute thing would end with a dorky engineer boyfriend who likes to be called pumpkin and has a reptile fetish,” Steve replied, walking over to Tony and sliding his arms around his waist.   “Just lucky, I guess.”
“Well, dear.  It’s showtime,” Tony said, nodding towards the illuminated numbers as a ping announced their arrival at the hotel’s lobby level.
, but without the fear and horror behind them. When he thought about the night, about kneeling on the bed and waiting, waiting for it, knowing it was coming, the thick, brown strap right there, and him just…waiting, it made his insides water and twist, sending pulses of heat down his trapped cock.   Tony said pain was just another side of pleasure, like a coin that had been flipped, but still had the same value.
He had to stop dodging blows from years ago, stop expecting scorn because it was something he knew how to escape. Just because it was familiar didn’t make it true.  My math is always right, Tony thought.  I’ve just been using the wrong data for a very, very long time.
“He asks me about you, you know,” Peggy said.  It was the day of their first attempt. The actual lab rat they’d tried it on had disappeared, never to be heard from again. Steve hoped that was a good sign.  No one said anything, one way or the other, only that the machine had worked in some way. He’d take his chances.
Steve pushed the wet rag into Tony’s face, leaving him dripping.  “Good point,” Tony grinned, watching as Steve broke into an answering smile punctuated by more pounding at the water’s surface, this time with the rag clutched in one hand.  “Well articulated.  You should try this in team meetings.  I’d love to see how it goes over with Spider Lady.  Okay, okay, that’s enough.  I know you like it,” Tony said, tugging the cloth from Steve’s fist while Steve made an urgent, brassed-off noise and tried to follow it.
Tony’s mouth dropped in a small O, a soft, keening sound somehow emanating from the back of his throat.  The alien chanted along in that same low, soothing whale-dolphin-birdsong. At some point, Tony felt his hole stretch wider as the alien added a second finger, sending a pleasurable burning pull of a feeling ratcheting through him, making his insides go hot and twisted.  He looked up and found the alien’s eyes, those strange marble-eyes, watching him again. He couldn’t seem to look away. He couldn’t think. All that was left of him was some kind of cat’s cradle of feeling and sensation, all twisted up with desire and need and a desperate sort of wanting, beyond anything he had ever felt in his life.
Tony rolled gingerly from his side onto his back and let his arms fall to his sides, seemingly in silent agreement with Steve’s plan.  Honestly, Steve would have preferred Tony giving him a hard time about this, making some of his ridiculous comments.  At least it was a distraction.  Too much of a distraction of late, he’d freely admit, but right now, he could use it.
His back curved over Tony, his whole body shaking as he spent himself.  He buried his head into Tony’s neck and tried to breath.  Distantly, he felt Tony’s free hand come up to stroke his cheek, heard him whispering, soothing, gentle murmurs of encouragement that felt like something more.  Something they didn’t want to say yet, but was there, hanging heavy and bright in whatever space was left between them.
“You should’ve just gone to James with this in the first place. I don’t know what the hell you thought you were doing, Tony. This is insane. Someone is going to find out about this. We don’t—and I’m sorry here, Steve—but, we don’t even know anything about him, and now I’m supposed to spin that you’re married to him?” Pepper hissed. “You?”
“Have to admire someone who sees what they want and goes after it,” Tony said after a slight pause.  His voice was teasing and light, but there was an undercurrent in it that made Steve’s mouth go suddenly dry.  “All done?” Steve nodded. He wiped his napkin over his mouth and twisted it in his fist.  “We should probably start back.”
medal—over and over again, like it was some kind of beacon.  Maybe it was. Steve thought they had both earned it, if anything. Both had sacrificed enough for it, that was certainly true.
“Oh, God, you can’t be serious.  That was college.  We were idiots.  We used that for beer runs, cross-campus couch moves and that time we waited forty-five minutes because Rhodey swore streakers were going to run across Kresge Oval, and it turned out to just be Rhodey with a strategically placed garbage can lid because everyone else chickened out. We are mature, grown-up…yeah, okay, but, I get to do Pepper and Rhodey,” Tony said eagerly.
They took the stairs in silence, but Tony didn’t think he was just projecting to say it wasn’t as awkward as in the car.
He had no idea what Tony had in mind, but Steve trusted Tony to somehow know what he needed.  Sometimes, Steve thought Tony understood him better than he understood himself. I would have said I would hate this, hate him, he thought with a bright, sharp clarity like a blade cutting through the haze in his mind, but I don’t.  I don’t want to leave him. I don’t want to, but there’s a path through the mountains, and I think I have to take it. Sometimes, I wish I could be someone who didn’t have to. He blinked back the stinging in his eyes and looked up at Tony.  I have to go home, he thought, and for a moment, he had no idea what he meant.
“You’re so beautiful, Tony,” Steve said, his voice ringing surprisingly firm and clear in his head. “I love you so much, I do. I know you don’t believe me, but I do, I do, God help me, I love--”
“Cap?  Stodgy?  Boring?” Stark repeated, shooting Steve an askance look.  “Sure, he’s got some miles on him. Who doesn’t?  But, come on, Captain America?  You’re not that much younger than me,” Stark scoffed.  “You must’ve grown up with him. I did,” Stark continued, voice going strangely lighter.  “I mean, my Dad, of course, the whole Project Rebirth thing, yadda, yadda.  He’d talk about him a lot.  My Dad.  I think that was maybe the thing he was most proud of, you know?  Getting to be a part of something like that.  Putting something really good into the world, I don’t know.  Made him feel good when not much else could.  Same for me, I guess,” he finished with a light shrug and another sip of wine.
“I—I like him, too, Buck,” Steve replied.  He fidgeted with the buttons some, then straightened the jacket again, though it didn’t need it.
“Steve...” Tony breathed out, eyes widening in horror as it crashed into him. Oh, there's the train, he thought stupidly. Metaphorical, thank God, because he'd probably walk in front of one right now, if he could. “Did you...did you buy that stuff for me?”
Tony was saying things to him, both hands holding fast to Steve’s hair now, cupping the sides of his head as Tony pounded into his mouth, over and over.  Steve wasn’t sure of the words, but they were good, and Tony was beautiful like this, so far gone that he was barely able to make sense.  Tony’s legs were tremoring. His hands were shaking, grasping, reaching to hold on and slipping through Steve’s hair and down his face.  Steve could feel the rhythm of Tony’s thrusts lose its steadiness, all finesse gone.  He heard Tony let out a shout, and Steve’s mouth filled with Tony’s warm, salty seed as ribbons of it pulsed down his throat.  He felt himself coughing and sputtering, though Tony didn’t let go, just held his head there against Tony’s stomach, burying Steve’s nose into the wiry hairs at the base of Tony’s cock while he chased the last of his orgasm.  Finally, Tony pulled out, just as the last spurt of come shot out, marking Steve’s face from cheek to chin.  Steve swallowed, opened his mouth to gasp in air and caught some of it on his tongue and teeth, the mess mixing with the saliva that had leaked from the edges of his lips while Tony fucked his mouth.
He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair and down the back of his neck, tracing the fine sheen of perspiration along his spine.   Since Steve wasn’t actually in heat, they didn’t need to worry about making any big decisions right now.  But they should probably talk about things.  Make sure they were on the same page.
“Fine.  Yeah, sure.  No worries.  Who’s worried? That’s a legitimate collectible ornament, by the way. Why would I worry?  Sure, there’s the whole thing where you’re shoehorning me into Dad’s company that he built from scratch, mom’s still harping on better living through diamonds, and my butler threatened to poison you—stop laughing at that, it isn’t funny---he could do it, Steve, I’m telling—you know what, forget it.  If dessert is rhubarb pie, don’t eat it.  Don’t say I didn’t warn you.  And your eye twitches when I mention Obie, but I’m sure everything will be perfectly fine,” Tony muttered, wheezing out the last bit through clenched teeth when Steve continued to give him a bland, unconcerned look.
“I’m just saying—look, he barely got a look at us,” the younger one, Dominic, Tony remembered, asked.  He looked over at Tony, who managed to just lower his gaze in time.  “He’s been out this whole time.”
he wanted it.  There was a big ‘Danger! Stop, turn back!’ sign in his head when he tried to examine that too deeply, which, okay, it wasn’t like he was the kind to just sit idly by and refuse to look at the hard stuff. He didn’t like to think he was, anyway, even though, admittedly, he had kind of been doing that for a while, hadn’t he?  Stopping the meetings, not going to see the doctor Sam suggested, and then cutting off Bucky and the others when they pointed it out--not exactly facing things head-on, was it?
Rhodey had taken one look at that and dragged him off to a month or so of What Were You Thinking rehab courtesy of Mrs. Rhodes and her firm belief that everything could be solved with prayer, fried foods and hard work.  He’d fixed everything in her house that needed fixing and then some, then the neighbor’s house, and finally, the Church building and Sunday school, and by the end of the month, he was too tired or too full to keep on sliding into the bottom of a bottle he couldn’t crawl out of, praise broken sound systems, Jesus and Crisco.
“Tell you what.  You take a hundred of the bravest men you know and give me a thousand cowards, and we’ll see how we do,” Steve offered as he flipped through the pages of the book Tony had dropped on the ottoman in front of the large, down-cushioned chair that had appeared, without comment, in the workshop one evening a fortnight ago.  “I’m not saying there isn’t something to be gleaned from a study of history, but Vestigus never fought a single battle.  Half his source material is second or third hand accounts of commanders more concerned with preserving their own glory than giving any kind of accurate assessment.”
Heart thumping, Steve hurried down the hallway and rushed out of the door onto a balcony that overlooked a stunning vista.  Below, he could see the village, and beyond that, the river and boxy strips of fields waiting for planting, all covered in an eerie shadow.  In the middle of the balcony stood a stone pedestal, on which sat a metal bowl, though he barely had time to notice it.  It was above, though, that captured his attention as he skidded to a halt.
“He just...he shouldn’t have said those things,” Steve sighed as he watched the elevator numbers overhead tick slowly down.
It was fine, he was fine, everything was fine.  He was headed home with Brock.  This whole crazy weekend was over and best forgotten, really.  It just so happened that Tony lived in the same city as Steve did.  Which didn’t matter because it wasn’t like they ran in the same circles, Steve thought with a huff of bitterness.  He would probably never see Tony again, except on some magazine cover or on television.  Which was
“Oh!” she said with a startled, tinkering laugh, bringing her hand to her throat.  She blinked at him, mouth agape. Her companion, a short, round man dressed in an orange robe, reached out and placed a hand on her arm, though she tossed it off and stepped forward.  Her head tilted to the side, regarding Steve with a long look that trailed from his bare feet all the way up, stopping briefly on the collar that peeked out from beneath his robe.
When he finished, he snapped the notebook shut and tossed it aside, then leaned across the bed and unzipped the duffel.  Steve half expected something to pop out of him, snake-in-a-can-style, but it was just clothes and a pair of running shoes.  He had to rifle through the contents a bit before finding his shaving kit near the bottom.  There was a stick of deodorant and his toothbrush with a tissue wrapped around the bristles, along with the scrunched up tube of toothpaste, shoved into a sock next to it.  This had the feel of Bucky helping with packing, Steve thought, the corners of his mouth tugging up in amusement.  Bucky would have helped, no doubt, if for no other reason than to get Natasha out of the apartment that much faster.  A few shirts, two pairs of khakis, some jeans, boxers and his gym clothes were all that remained, except for Nat’s silent judgment about his wardrobe, or the lack thereof.
“Particularly descriptive this morning, are we?” Tony teased, tracing the sponge along Steve’s back.
Maybe after they got home, they could celebrate.  Invite Bucky, Nat, Sam, and the gang.  How long had it been since he had seen them? Steve wasn’t sure. A while.  Things just never seemed to work out with getting together, and then it was awkward with Sam because Steve tapped out of the jobs Sam got him, and then it was even worse with Bucky because he and Brock had their issues.  Once he had the money, though, Bucky could see how good things could be without that always hanging over him and Brock.
“Stark?” Fury barked with a sort of incredulous twist to the word.  “You want Stark,” he repeated in a carefully neutral tone when he caught Steve’s expression.  The Director leaned across his desk, picked up the edges of the file in front of him and glanced down at it, almost as if he would find some other name there if he glared at it hard enough.
“You really want to talk about a party with your former roommate right now?” Tony asked incredulously.
That was the first time one of these thoughts crept in.  A small crack that opened a fissure and let something in that Tony couldn’t seem to push out again.
Not my Steve.  Not really, Tony thought. Not the way he’s your David and you’re his, though Tony said nothing to correct Charles. It sounded nice.  Even if it wasn’t true.
It was quiet below, save for the few servants still putting things to rights.  The guests had left some time ago, after Steve had retired with Sam on his heels.  We can still jump out the window, Sam had offered before leaving Steve at his bedroom door.  Steve rather thought it might not have entirely been meant in jest, though he had laughed as if it was, smiled, clapped Sam on the back and sent him on his way.
If you're interested in the inspiration for Steve's outfit, head over to my tumblr (sabrecmc)!  Bless the internet, honestly.
“Sure, that…that’d be great,” Tony replied, finding himself feeling strangely buoyant, almost weightless.  When he twisted his head, Jarvis was watching him with a soft, fond smile.
“Have you seen Saw?” Jim asked.  Tony nodded and sipped his shake with a smile.  “A bit like that.  Less clowns. More possibility of bodily harm.”
“Do not wait up for me,” Tony said, dropping his hand from Steve’s face and picking a sweetbread off the tray.  “Tomorrow...tomorrow will be a big day. I’ve a hunt in the morning with the Lord and the other local nobles, but I would like your company for the afternoon.”
“That’d be nice,” Steve replied after a pause, when Tony thought he was going to say something else, though he had no idea what, just that the words didn’t sound quite right.
“That’s different,” Tony responded stiffly.  “Need I remind you that you were the one who counseled your concern about his knowledge of our defenses.  Is that not even more true, if you are right?”
“Good.  Good, then…then we’re just two extremely attractive married people out on a date,” Tony said after a long moment.  “I’m going to steal some of your salad now,” he added, then reached across the table with his fork and plucked a bite from Steve’s plate.  “Not bad.  Want some caviar?” Tony asked, pointing at his plate with his fork.
“Not much, really. Sam's got me doing this glassblowing thing for veterans, Healing With Fire. So far, I've managed vase, smaller vase, lopsided vase, broken vase and glob of glass,” Steve chuckled, leaning back in his seat. “Think I'm getting better at it, though.”
“I—he said it was empty.  When we first met at SHIELD.  So…I could have it,” Tony replied in a low mumble.
“That was Barnes’ idea, but whatever.  Steve wants a lawyer to look at it, fine.  Probably best in the long run.  Can’t exactly say there was duress, or claim that he didn’t understand what he was signing that way,” Tony pointed out tightly.
So why are you still here, the voice in his head asked, knocking the thought insistently against the back of his head.  Why haven’t you left?  Laughed at Tony’s nonsense or stormed out?  Why are you still here?
“This? Fucking hell. This is what I was right about?” Tony shouted, eyeing the ceiling, looking for commiseration or dispensation, he wasn't sure which, while Steve gave him a confused, slightly concerned look. “Steve. I do not need time to think about this. I need you to...to...”
“Hmm, I – are you sure? I mean I could serve you?” The prince smiles and it lures Steve closer like a mouse walking right into the mouth of a waiting cat.
Clint shrugs a shoulder. “Not sure, Thor’s awful worked up about it. Says his brother’s bent on some half-cocked idea about that potion they brought from the old world. You know that-.”
Bucky slumps down and collapses into Steve’s chair behind the desk. “Sure I do, Steve, just don’t go courting trouble.”
She leaves him in the front room which serves as the living room. The television is on and Ellen DeGeneres is throwing things around and scaring her latest guest. He ignores it, and instead walks over to the air conditioner. It's spitting out warm air. He bends down and looks at it. Sniffing as he does he can tell if it needs more Freon. It doesn't. Without a thought he pops the front off and starts fiddling with it. All the while he's sweating bullets. The place must be over 90 degrees. He checks out the motor after he turns it off and unplugs the thing.
“When do you get your peace? You know, you’re always at war. I don’t think you signed on for this when they injected that magic potion in you,” Bucky says and shares a quiet look with Natasha.
He let his hand drift over his chest, touching the intricate design. What did the universe have in store for him? Did he have free will anymore? Was he just a cog in the machinations of the universe? This wasn’t him. He wasn’t maudlin, and he didn’t overly analyze his own actions and purpose in life. He’d spent time evaluating the soul pack and bond, but he never questioned who he was or what his motives were. He washed his face again and dried it, trying to put away his fears and his doubts as he did. He gathered up his discarded clothes and hung them in the closet in the bedroom. Mechanically, he took off his pants and hung them as well. He found the provided robe in the closet and touched it. It wasn’t in him to waste his time and laze around in a posh robe.
When Tony took Steve from behind last night after he crawled into bed, he let out a piercing cry and his body shook with pleasure and with something else, something haunting and lonely. After, Steve massaged the tension out of Tony as he drifted to sleep. As a child Steve wished for food, for safety, for reliability above all else, but the prince – Steve wondered what he’d wished for as a child. What did it mean to have billions of lives as a responsibility?
Tony pauses for a minute, but then ushers Steve out to the shuttle. “Anyway, like I said earlier I think it would be nice to have a quiet dinner in the observatory. I got Pierce to close it down for us. He’ll do anything for me, now. He’s shitting bricks about the station and whether it will stay independent. Obie’s right about that – it does give me some leverage. Obie’s a smart man.”
Sighing Steve watches Tony exit and stands in the middle of the still projected night beach scene. “JARVIS, stop projection.” The images fade and the main living room of the prince’s quarters come in focus. He should rest and eat. He opens his robe and checks the area on his abdomen where Rumlow hit him with the bully stick. It’s not bad, only a minor bruise. He’s had worse.
She jitters and says, “What? What?” She tries to shove the entire thing back into the whole in his chest and he stops her.
He feels something cool against his cheek. “Steve?”  It takes all of his effort but he manages to open his eyes. Kneeling next to him isn’t T’Challa, or Natasha, or even Scott – it’s Sam and worry etches his face. “Steve, damn, what did you do?”
She squeezes his hand before getting up to leave. When the door whispers closed, Tony looks around the room. It’s a small lounge. A double seated cushioned chair, a darkened TV screen. A few other single chairs that look less comfortable and some unremarkable art on the walls. A single window out into a world he does not know. Nothing special.
Once in a while he is presented with a person sporting a vagina. When that happens most of the time, they want to peg him, and he’s down with that. Other times they want to dress him up in feminine clothes and then have him give them cunnilingus. It’s not exactly his cup of tea but he ends up with good tips and quite a clientele.
Steve guides Tony down to the blanket and then kneels on the edge as he retrieves the sandwiches. “Hope you don’t mind sandwiches.”
He smiles with pride. “You would.” He hops from the stool, not finishing his generous portion of fries. Tony barely touched his own. “I think I’d like to work on drawing now. I see you in a bit?”
They cross the stream and he stops Blu as they get to the side with their camp. “I need some water.”
“Yes, very nasty, we can agree on that part.” Tony fingers the handle of his mug. “You know, it’s an ugly thing, war.”
Underneath the strange words that don’t really seem to go together is a hurriedly sketched picture of Captain America’s shield. He would know it anywhere. He slept on Captain America sheets as a child.  Back to the road, he checks the traffic and inches forward, but then he’s back to the words and the shield. It only takes his brain a few seconds to put the words together with the shield.
In a flash Steve is off the bed and has his hand over Tony’s mouth. His facial expression stricken, his eyes wide with fear. “Don’t say it. You can’t say it. Ever. If they know then I can’t see you anymore. Do you get it?”
Steve isn’t even naked. He still has a shirt on, his pants (from where Tony is standing) are puddled at his feet. The man behind him only has his pants pushed down, and thrusts into Steve with a wild angry rhythm.
“Green grass, a knoll up ahead, toward a small brook and something else. I’m not sure.” The vividness of the virtual world scorches through his retinas like a beeline to his brain.
“Modern lacrosse is played in the Gravity bowl of the station. This means that there aren’t stabilized gravity waves. Therefore, spectators need to wear specialized boots otherwise they will be subjected to free float effect.”
“Are you ready to go?” he said it quietly, respectful of Steve’s attempt and failure at connecting and bringing Bucky in.
“Very forwarding thinking for an old-fashioned kind of guy.” Ross gave a little laugh as if to lighten the mood. It only solidified the weight of their conversation.
The words collide in Steve’s head like the clash of balls in the game of pool, scattering and going every which way. Reality malforms. He’s not sure what’s real and what isn’t. Did he know? More than just an inference. Surely, he made the connections. He never saw a tape recording. But why does he know that image like it’s been burned into his brain. How did Ultron find a recording – the answer is clear – the download of all of SHIELD’s secrets.
“I’ve watched this hundreds of times. Seen one vamp after another dry out here. Their skin flays off, their eyes melt away. The only thing that’s left is the fangs. That’s all you are. A godless creature who doesn’t deserve to live,” Rumlow said. “And you know how many times your boy ended up intervening? How many times he fought against this punishment for vampires? So many. It’s a wonder we didn’t know sooner where his real loyalties lied.”
He needed to go to the small refrigerator in the delipidated kitchen. From the couch he plopped down on Tony heard the thirty year old refrigerator running, clanking away like it was some kind of toy train engine. It sounded tinny and on the verge of collapse. He smiled. He had collapsed. Barely got to the coven’s safe house on time. He should be more careful, but the truth was he didn’t much care anymore. After being turned, Tony spent years on the run, but then he found his coven and then his match – his mate. Many vampires spent centuries looking for their human mate, but it took Tony only a few years. Human mates were considered a necessity within the vampire community, but a rare thing these days since the Treaty with the humans restricted it.  Mates were an important part of vampire lore, though. A mate took the role of caretaker but also as partner for a life time – the human life time. Many vampires went through multiple mates through the years until they finally succumbed to the solitary depression of losing their human companion over and again throughout the centuries. Those vampires doomed to the sadness of immortality faded into legend. A mate was a precious thing, a person to share a life with for a brief time, to chase away that despondency.
“Tell me what he did?” Bucky says. “Because all I know is that he left my best friend alone and now my friend acts like he’s been frozen in ice for another hundred years.”
It's not pretty what happens next. Bucky grips the trooper on the floor around the neck, feeling with the metal hand for the vulnerable trachea. The feedback mechanism in the arm gives him the details he needs and as the other trooper shoots at Bucky he crushes the first's throat. Twisting around in time to put the man's dead body between him and the blaster. The trooper tries to re-aim but Bucky tosses the corpse aside and rushes his attacker, seizing him and then hurtling him out of the shattered window.
Steve steadies himself by filling his lungs and releasing it. “Yes, Sir Stark, everything should be ready.” He looks between them and says, “Be ready to launch in thirty minutes. I’ll wait outside the door to escort you.”
Cho tilted her head and then started to protest, but her line of sight fell on his wrist- his left arm. She saw the brand, the marking of a soul pack.  Not many would recognize the patterns so easily, but Cho must have had some experience in the past. “Oh. Oh! Yes, sorry. I’ll bring you to him right away.”
“Always. But mainly about how he sold weapons to just about everyone. He had no moral compass. He didn’t care. He just wanted the credits. All he cared about was the wealth. He built up this empire and now Obie wants me to claim it.”
It had been Frigga who sat down with Steve to explain to him the realms of the dead. She told him that Asgardians know these realms well through the understanding of the Norns. He hadn’t a clue as to what she was getting on about, but he listened and tried to wrap his head around how different his life (or death) is now.
He listens to directions because he’s at a loss of what else to do. He slams open the doors and finds the bathroom on the second try. It’s small but not cramped and tiny like Steve’s. Going to the medicine cabinet, he searches to find row upon row of medicine bottles. “What’s it called?” He’s not a pharmacist and he doesn’t have his phone out to query JARVIS right now.
“You want me to do it?” Sam pipes in, but another voice answers him as Natasha makes her appearance.
His heart races. He should be terrified. “I’m-. Sorry. I just need to get up.” The fire is out, just black and gray ashes in its wake.
Steve clenched the steering wheel. “You mean mutilation.” From what Steve had learned about vampires over the years, removing the fangs and the glands that supplied them was tantamount to castration.
Tony pulls back a little so that his whole fist is no longer in Steve and he gasps out a cry of disappointment. “Hold on, baby. Just a minute.” Then Tony slips back in, his hand a different shape with one finger teasing at his prostate. Steve loses all consciousness then, all known thought disappears, and he rides the waves of pleasure. He feels himself spilling and spilling. His balls unload until he’s hot and dry and still orgasmic. It continues on for a few minutes but finally his body relaxes and goes limp.
Besides, everyone knew of the adventures of the legendary blue-eyed lion. His mother told him the story when he opened the beautifully wrapped gift with it’s red and blue ribbons and white bow. She’d heard the story as a little girl and so told Tony about the real-life lion that appeared one cold April day in Norway. Its mane sodden with sea water, the male lion dragged it cold and tired body from the Arctic waters. The people of the small fishing village stared at the lion with trepidation, but it never attacked them. In fact, some people said it tried to come to them, tried to open doors and seek help. The fishermen drove it away, frightened it would attack the children of the town.
And when Tony touches him with his mouth, Steve sees the pathway to hell and doesn’t shy away from it.
Before he's finally released from the tirade of Generals, Admirals, Colonels, and Captains yelling at him and demanding impossible deadlines, he salutes them and begins to leave. Pym, Hank Pym of all people stops him. Pym had been one of his father's fierce competitors and enemies. Why or how Pym is roaming the halls of the most secure site on Earth is a mystery for another day.
Steve shakes his head. “No. We had to sell it when Ma got really sick. Trying to pay for her medicine. It fetched a pretty sum, probably not as much as it would have in the Inner Regions, but I sold it to a merchant that had been passing through.”
“You don’t look good,” Steve says. “Plus I think you’re talking a little loopy. Your fever only broke an hour ago.” He presses on Tony’s shoulder as if to maneuver him back to a resting position.
There’s a pause as if he’s actually having a real conversation that Tony isn’t privy to the other speaker.
Steve jerks his hand away from Tony. “Why is this so important to you? Why do you care?” His voice is loud, threatening to break.
“He’s nervous about it. Like he’s hiding something,” Tony said. Clint’s astral projection always felt blurry to Tony as if he looked at it through thick fog. “Amazing, he can hide it so well.”
Tony came in a great wave over Steven’s face, into his hair. He milked his cock until it hurt but he wanted to have more of Steven, so much more. As he came down from the high, he grabbed Steven’s jaw and kissed him, tasting his own come on his lips. As he parted, he had said, “I want you on the cross tonight. I want to fuck you. I want you to feel me. I want to fist you. Tell me I can do what I please to you.”
He wonders how much Stane influenced his father, how much he changed the look of the company. His father dreamed of flying cars and renewable energy, but he worked on the Manhattan Project, and built bigger and better killing machines. The dichotomy doesn’t add up to the sum of the parts. Confronting his mentor, his friend only brings him to the edge of sorrow and hate. He doesn’t want to go there, he doesn’t want to see what’s on the other side of his life because in that cave something important happened.
“Yes. It was in case anything happened,” Steve says and remembers what Rumlow demanded. He turns his face away from the prince as if that will hide the shame.
She places a soft hand on his arm and says, “Maybe we could have a memorial service for him, something private, if the government doesn’t want to acknowledge he was there.”
Steve closes his eyes even as Sam tells him not to – he doesn’t listen. He hears something else, something far away. And she’s standing there in that red dress with red lipstick and her hair done. All he can think about when Peggy walks into that tavern is that he would have fallen on his knees and begged to submit to her. She was an alpha but she wasn’t a dom. She treated him with respect and dignity and he could have had a normal life. She’s standing there with the red dress on and promises in her hair. There’s mist around her and she’s whispering in his ear.
“Don’t do that,” Tony yells but his voice is lost as the fight escalates and the sounds of gunshots and screeching overpower him. He looks back at the screen, waiting for the computer to confirm that the power up is complete. “Come on, come on. God damned slow piece of shit.”
“Still it hurts like a bullet to the chest that your own country betrayed you. Did this to you.” Tony kept his eyes down, focused on his scarred and glowing hands.
Tony puts the glasses on and activates them. The room resolves around him. Steve’s nearly drunken gaze at the floor to ceiling windows in the lounge is heart stopping, and gut wrenching because it tells Tony just how much he’s missing of the Adonis. Maybe he should have gotten someone like Mrs. Doubtfire instead. “I like it. Plus, the whole penthouse floor as well as my office floors are tuned into the implant I have. It feeds me information most of the time and I’m able to get around without much help. It does have its drawbacks because it causes more headaches since it does access the implant.”
Steven considers the large bridge. There are a few people working on it and each of them turn in their seats to assess the omega – his omega. Tony knows his omega impresses the crew. The crew greets Steven with a quick nod. Some linger, staring and assessing his omega but they know their alpha is there to evaluate their work ethic so they quickly turn back to their stations.
Buck smirks at him, in that way he always did – a half crooked smile with those charming blue eyes. “I heard you’re sweet on Stark.”
“He obviously doesn’t expect us to be here long. There’s no way out of the cabin without help and there’s no food except for the coffee and a bag of rice I found that might have worms in it.” Steve indicated the stash below the table.  “Wong told me that when Strange was learning the arts of magic, the Ancient One, his teacher, stranded him on a mountain top in winter until he figured it out. He would have frozen to death if he didn’t. So maybe we’re supposed to figure it out?”
Steve only nodded. Natasha took that as her cue. “Steve and I went through training. You will too. We don’t eavesdrop on one another. Like Steve said there are Mantras that help you concentrate.”
“Can you just-.” Steve waved his hand. He wasn’t stupid but his life never revolved around technology. “You know, erase it.”
Tony’s stomach growls and the smell of the oats elevates him to levels higher than heaven. All the years of his life he’s always eaten the best foods at the best places. Now, a simple bowl of oats boiled in water causes him to swoon with delight. When Yinsen dishes out the food, Tony thanks him and then catches the look of the lion in the corner of the cave.
Steve sucks in his cheeks and then blows out. “No. It was completely destroyed but not before Zola, the machine Zola revealed somethings. Some terrible things.” He grabs the other stool near the island and sits down, hands folded on the countertop. “Zola showed us things. Things that I spent the last year or so trying to confirm. He – it inferred that history was changed. People were killed in order to do Hydra’s bidding.”
Again, Sam eyed him as if he studied a complex problem, and it was in many ways. He tilted his head and frowned. “I suppose it would be hard. I mean, I’ve tried to live my life with integrity and pride. Being from the opposite side of the fence.” He put his hand up to stop Steve from interrupting. “Being Black in America isn’t easy. You’re always fighting for respect and the hard truth is even now Black people are not equal. Every thing we encounter in the US is simply made against us. Now, I’m not saying anything of what I’ve experienced throughout the years is similar to Bucky, but he’s going to have a lot of people look at him and think one thing – he’s a killer.” Sam shrugged. “I walk down the street, white women avoid me, hold their purses closer to their bodies. It’s the way of our world. Bucky – well, he’s going to come into this pack with a burden on his back. You, me, all of us are going to have to be there for him.”
“What’s that?” Steve asks. The world around him drops away and he sees moments in lives he never lived.
Vision joins Tony and they get Steve to his feet. He’s unsteady and grips the side of the lab bench as they remove the biohazard suit. It takes some time and his body aches as the fatigue comes over him. He’s not used to asthma attacks, not anymore. The chemical induced ones that he gets since the mission that went to hell haven’t happened as often. It’s one of the reasons he doesn’t get the daily inhaler. He figured he doesn’t need it.
“But it’s calmed down, now. Hasn’t it?” Natasha asks. She refuses to give up. Whatever the doctors say, they’ll modify, cope, change their game plan but giving up isn’t one of those choices.
Four left and Estane orders, “Get him the fuck down, you mongrels.” He turns to Tony. “Of course with the lower end omegas there are some issues. Still they are expendable.” He pulls out a Semi-gun. It’s a new fashioned gun, guided aim and stunning force. Tony struggles against the man holding him hostage. “Oh, don’t worry this isn’t for him.” Estane points and shoots, hitting all of the wounded omegas, killing them. “More where that came from.”
“I, actually…” Steve stared down at his interlocking fingers, hands clasped together, closed to the world. “I was trying to get some sleep. Stark had left my apartment and riled me up a little. I’m not sleeping too well-.” He stopped. Bruce didn’t need to know everything. Unless, of course, he already did. “I tried to relax to get my head on straight. Anyway I started to drift off and the memory came back. I felt something through the bond and I knew I transferred the memory. I’m sorry- I’m so sorry.” Steve glanced over his shoulder again.
Steve glances at him and frowns. “I doubt that the head of the Red Skull gang is going to invite me to a dinner party, Tony.”
“When I told him, when I told him about the kiss – I never said it was Howard. I told him how I -.” Steve looks up as if he wants to examine the freakishly stuffed goose above the hearth. He drops his gaze down again, almost immediately. A tear finds its way loose and stains his cheek. “I told him what I was. That there was something wrong with me. Sure, I liked Peggy. Sure, I dreamed of wanting to marry her someday. But I really wanted, what I really wanted I couldn’t have.”
“Electronics, hands, lightning.” Thor touches his lips. “It’s wonderful, Steven. You should show him. This is only a sketch. Your talent exceeds your humble attitude.”
The garret apartment is anything but romantic or artsy. It’s hot, cramped, and back breaking since he can only really stand up straight in the center of the stupid third story walk up. Steve took the apartment with the idea he wouldn’t stay for long, a few months, maybe six on the outside. A year and a half later, Steve climbs up the stairs to his lonely little flat in Brooklyn. His feet are leaden, and his back already aches just thinking of standing half bent over at his easel.
“That’s really how you’re going to tackle this? I thought you were some master strategist and tactician.” Tony sidled up to him, close enough to touch but not.
“What are you laughing at?” Tony cups his hands around the mug. Just looking at the snow and wind makes him cold.
“Peter came over today,” Tony says and gestures for Steve to take the chair next to his at the fire. “I taught him about batteries. He’s a smart one.” They both settle into their separate chairs.
“Better.” Steve assesses his condition. His voice is hoarse. “Surprised it took me so hard. I haven’t had an attack in months.”
Bucky whacks at him but stands up and takes the few steps toward the window. “We need a doctor in town, you know that. We got the mid-wife, but she’s no good at the other stuff.  This town needs so much. You want to build it into some place nice. Parlor Inn is falling apart. No doctor. Plus, we need someone to shoe the horses.”
After his shower and shave, Tony peeks out of the bathroom and notes he’s alone. Steve even took his stuffed toy lion. His heart does a fancy loop on that one, but he did give it to him. Tony dresses in jeans and a black t-shirt, leaving his feet bare. He needs coffee and something sugary. Probably should eat veggies since his diet has centered around meats and fish for the last few weeks. Well, fruit will be good enough. “JARVIS, make sure I have fruit and blueberry pancakes for breakfast.”
“I can’t do this.” He waved at himself and then stepped away from Tony. He should be cold, the medical bay or laboratory or whatever it was had chilled tiles as he walked barefoot over to the windows. Wearing only a t-shirt and shorts, Steve shivered but knew it wasn’t from the outside environment, but from what ate at him inside. The explosion of information, new faces, expectant faces all collided in his brain and burst. Trying to shield himself from the consequences crumbled his inner defenses until all that he went through shoved up against his well constructed walls. “I can’t face this. Whatever it is.” His mind went back to the room, the cell where they held him and vampires fed off him, and his body responded to their injection of arousal hormones. His face heated in shame.  And now this new information. About Divini. He was supposed to celebrate. How could he? Celebrate his debasement? Never. The humiliation and weakness. It hit him like running into a brick wall.
So he decides – for now – to ignore it, bury it. “Come, the meeting is starting and I like to make an entrance.”
“She’s beautiful- the bike- Tony. How? When did you bring her here?” Steve asks. He releases his hold of Tony.
Fury gave him a one eyed glare that tried to beam its way into Steve’s resolve. It didn’t work. Instead, he gave up and simply shrugged. “Lots of things have changed, Cap.”
“Just extra vitamins and crap. Makes you feel good about drinking a smoothie.” He picked up his cup as it was placed on the counter. “Try it. You’ll like it.”
Doctor Cho waved for him to follow her and she began giving him a short tour of the facilities. “I’ve only been here for about three weeks. I’m planning on staying for about two months or so. But according to what I know, Mister Stark set this whole facility up for the Avengers team. Didn’t you know that?”
With a quick glance over his shoulder, Rumlow directed, “Get some water. Everyone weapons trained, but do not fire unless I say.” He gestured for Steve to get out of the car.
Steve bundled the uniform up and with a jerk of the side door, he tossed the uniform out of the copter.
“Yeah, that,” he says and plucks a grape from the branch. He places it on his tongue as if it’s a delicate egg. The moment he bites down his eyes flutter closed, and he moans a little. It’s a little perverse and a lot of a turn on. Tony grimaces.
The media barely recognizes him probably because he’s dressed up and not in a hoodie and shorts. It helps to not be a public figure. Strange places a hand at the small of Steve’s back as he offers the invitation to the hostess standing at the door. The hostess scans the invitation and then smiles to them, gesturing them toward the foyer.
“No.” Tony had a book about a dog named Stanley who threw parties for all the dogs in the neighborhood, but the cover never told why. It was because his owners neglected him. Tony hated that book. “So, people judged Blu because he was a lion, and no one trusted him.”
He jumps into his Audi and shifts into gear. Leaving the butt ugly motel behind, he streaks onto the road as the tires squeal against the pavement. He watches the traffic while scanning for the right street. He finds it, off the beaten track. It’s one of those small alley ways that looks like it’s impossible to fit a car through, but he rams the Audi down the narrow path. His heart feels like the beating slowly brings it further up in his chest into his throat to choke him. He opens up his hands, and then closes them on the steering wheel. Once he gets through the small alley way, the street opens up.
“Well, you stick with me, you might see the world,” Tony replies and the glow of Steve’s smile roots out some of the doubt and fears that clench at his heart.
. After cleaning up the food wrappers and finishing up the food, he went to shower. As he stripped, Steve considered Natasha’s words. Maybe he should think about asking Kate out. He might not see her a lot but when he did, she was always nice to him. Or was he just fooling himself? Trying to hide that he’d fallen down the hole of perversion.
“Help, I can help.” Tony jerks as he talks. The cold has set on him. His skin looks blue, his eyes look like glass. His hair is frozen.
Steve lays out his arm on the table next to the couch. “Thank you.” He squeezes his hand into a fist and Bruce easily draws the blood. They use old fashioned tools to do the job; it’s functional, easily accessibly to the brothels, and reliable. Once he finishes the draw, Bruce connects the more advanced device, a cylinder that draws up the blood will run the tests giving the answers in the next few hours.
“Yeah. Everything is safe. You know what? Come with me, come on.” He folds his hand around Steve’s and leads him out of the room and down the hallway. He opens his master bedroom door. “I want to show you something, someone.”
“Don’t give me that look, I’m not crazy,” Steve says. “His son or nephew or something, Tiberius. He’s Tony’s intended. Tiberius Stane.”
Steve screws up his lips for a moment as he considers Tony’s words. “In the end I’m just the guy who you pay to fuck, darling. I don’t have any other story to share.”
Struggling Steve heaves upward but Bucky hits him again. Steve doesn’t fight back, he doesn’t want to hurt his already injured, delirious friend.  He grabs at the hand that’s back at his throat, clawing at Bucky’s iron clad grip. “Bucky?” Steve says and his friend uses his one hand to clutch his throat and squeeze. “Bu-c.”
A burst of the dashboard, and then air bags deploy.  His first thoughts as the delivery truck collides with the panel of the passenger’s side of the vehicle revolve around Steve – protecting him and ensuring his safety. He can’t do anything, though as the SUV skids across the road, slightly tipping from the high center of gravity.  Lights and sounds turn into a monstrous invasion on his ability to formulate any coherent thought. Something splatters against his cheek and he struggles to push the air bag away to find out what is happening.
“That’s unsettling and disturbing.” Steve sits down in the companion chair next to Tony. “What’s my role here?”
The first clinician checked with the second, and with a quiet nod, said, “We believe the specimen is ready for the next step.”
“I didn’t say that,” Strange replies and nods to the flight attendant that appears at the door to the cockpit. “We’re ready when you are.”
Gurgling as the water rushes over his head, Bucky can’t respond, but he hauls Steve toward him and manages to get an arm wrapped around him. Steve clings to him, holding on while his moans becomes more like partial, though muffled words. Bucky gets them to dry ground, but just barely as Steve fumbles and flails against the rocks.
He went to get his phone but an electric shock zapped through him, originating at his temple. Steve grabbed at his helmet and ripped it off, tossing it aside with the still humming bike. “Nat!” He sent a sharp reprimand through the soul waves and a little giggle answered him.
“Steve,” Natasha says and wipes away the sweat on his brow. “You should have seen him when he first arrived in Wakanda. He was half crazed when he found out. He would do anything for you.”
She leans over the cot, kisses him lightly on the forehead, and then whispers, “I’m sorry, Steve. There’s nothing I can do.”
Tony wipes his eyes and face. He hates to show weakness to Bucky, the only other alpha on the team. “He never told me.”
“Serious, yes. It does.” Steve considered the possibilities, the potential of the link. “It could do us a lot of good.”
“We can have a nice dinner, relax, watch the stars. I know they have some great telescopes in the observatory,” Tony says, and he lays his hand on Steve’s that rests on the arm of the chair.
Righting himself, Steve sat up and touched his brow where blood leaked in a steady drip. He went to stand up and found several of his riding companions still in shock. He supposed that was for the best. Scanning his surroundings, Steve located Clint curled up against the front of the car but still unconscious. Steve felt the throb of the severed soul bond. Not severed really, but incomplete. The soul bond hadn’t the time to weave together before the train derailed and Steve had been thrown apart from Clint. It only takes a few seconds, but it was a fragile time. He needed to get Clint to Wong immediately. People around him were sobbing, but for the most part in stable condition. No one looked like they’d been seriously injured from Steve’s quick review of the few people in the car.
“You know they selected him for the project because they thought he’d die. Figured it wasn’t a big deal if some mutant of nature died. And then he didn’t. And they didn’t know what the hell to do with him,” Barnes says. “Lucky for me too. In so many ways.” He looks off into the distance before he concentrates his focus on Tony again. “He loves you.”
“There’s no ambiguity about his status at all.” Tony yanks down Steve’s collar. “Are we really going to do this again?"
“What about this is like myself?” Tony said. He could still remember cuddling with Steve after drinking his fill. He missed those days but not the anxiety of worry that came with them. Yet, even now, a new stressor ate at his brain. He stilled Steve’s hands. “Do you feel different? Like an alien in your body?”
The ocean is out. If Ultron snuck in the Passage to the Hub in the ocean, they’re dead in the water. Steve grins at his own pun but then stops and focuses. “If it’s in the water-.”
“If Bruce would only let me out of this bed, and Pepper was such a brute about keeping me here, I could have come and visited you.” Tony smiles rich and devious. “Did you miss me?”
He moves to the kitchen and Tony tries not to think about how much he misses those big hands on him. That’s one secret that’s not getting out anytime soon even with a promise.
Tony shuffles away trying not to startle the huge beast. He hides in the one corner, the chain around his own ankle hobbling him from getting any further away from Blu. When Tony looks back at the monster, the lion stomps his foot down and glares at him. He smacks his lips several times and then grumbles low in his throat. If Tony didn’t know better, he thinks the lion shows exasperation with Tony.
“Nat said the same thing,” Steve said with a half-smile that didn’t touch his eyes. “But the truth is we can never really get rid of irrational guilt, can we?”
Steve scratched at that light furrow he often got during times of stress. “Not because of you. Because of me. Because.” He dropped his hand and looked up at the ceiling of the fuselage. “Because I lied to myself for so long and now, now it’s over. Everything is over, and I can’t lie anymore. I have to face the truth of it. The universe has. I just haven’t.”
“Truthfully? I think you should consider it. I don’t know a lot about it, but I think it’s an option. Right now, your implant is failing, and you’ll lose your sight if you can’t figure it out. At the rate the headaches are coming on, well, I don’t see how you have a choice.” Steve says and Tony hears the rustle of fabric and feels the movement on the couch – a lift of his shoulder – shrug.
“It’s easy. The world would see me as less. My company would get a boon out of it at first and then it would slowly collapse. Or that’s what all the analyses said when I ran them years ago,” Tony says and sinks further into the calming massage.
Clint rages behind him. Tony pivots and shoots again over Steve’s head and dead center in Clint’s chest. The doppelganger topples but doesn’t stop his ascent. Tony skids his way down the hill, hooking his hand into the collar of Steve’s uniform.
“God damn it, son. Captain America is a myth. Don’t you get it? He’s gone, and no one is ever going to find him. No one.” His eyes were wild then, wild and anxious as if having Tony believe him – that  Captain America was dead and gone and Tony know it was the most important thing in the world.
“Yeah,” he says, finding himself breathless.  He drops his hands away; his fingertips tingle with memory. “The helmets should be on the wall.”
Tony does without a word, and then Steve leads them down toward the ragged pathway to the river’s edge. He leads the horses down but he knows he won’t be able to keep a hold on Tony’s horse through the narrow gap between the jut of rocks.
“Whether or not I’m going to make fists with my toes. I mean if I’m going to have a shoot up with glass windows breaking everywhere, I think I should put my shoes back on. If I’m going to get a good roll in the sack after this, I would be happy to do whatever you say,” Tony snickers.
Steve tightens his lips and limps back to the bed. All the movement has eaten away at his energy and he drops on the bed like his limbs are made of lead. “Doesn’t matter. If they find out, I can’t – we can’t be here anymore.”
“Actually, that would be nice. I’d like some company, especially now.” The conversation he’d just finished with Sam rang in Steve’s head, and he smiled. The thought that maybe he was discovering something about himself, something new about himself in this new age, seemed appropriate in some odd way. “Do you want to go out to get something to eat?” That sounded suspiciously like he was asking Tony out on a date, so he rushed ahead and said, “Because I need to clean up first.”
Tony only places a finger on his lips and indicates with a quiet shake of his head for Steve to remain silent. He does. Tony trails kisses up and down Steve’s chest, his modeled abdomen, and then to the fine tuff of hair next to his already rigid cock again.
Tony sips the salty brew and coughs up more than he swallows. The doctor helps again. Tony notices his nails are grimy and stained with grease and dirt. What kind of doctor doesn’t have clean hands? He jolts away from the doctor, knocking the bowl of soup and causing it to splatter down the side of the cot onto the ground. It is a ground and not a tiled floor. He’s not delusional – he’s in cave.
“Maybe I hope for something a little more authentic.” Steve stops for a moment, but the starts up again. “Strike that. I have no business asking that of you.”
“Tell me how that worked again?” Steve reaches for the mug of coffee as Tony offers it to him. It’s not how he likes it. It has a ton of milk – Steve likes it black and strong. “You know how I’m trying to increase my skillset.”
She punched him in the arm much to his chagrin and his outburst of ouch! “Get up and get some blood. You’re making yourself sick.”
The Red Knight – so achingly familiar – laughs and smiles. The Silver Knight didn’t think that demons could smile or find joy. “No, Steve. We’re here to free you. Come, take my hand. I can take you somewhere safe and you’ll start to remember.”
“I have food in my room. It’s a necessity. The worse thing any adversary has ever learned about me is how easy it is to starve me.” Steve forks the rest of the pancakes from the platter and puts them on his plate. “Do you think you can fix it?”
“You do need to find an omega – that’s absolutely necessary. You should have had one mated by the time you were nineteen. I don’t know what your mother was thinking,” Pep says. “You need to find an omega warrior before the Final Council of Worlds.”
“I will inform the chef. Do you want me to tell Captain Rogers that he’s welcome at breakfast or have him served in his room?”
“Alone? You’re going to be with him alone?” Tony tugged his hand away. “No. I can’t! I can’t even believe you would think that – that I would leave you to him alone.”
His biggest fear is that Loki happens to be attracted to power – he might have end up with Schmidt. A headlong crash into Schmidt’s ranch might lead to ruin, and Steve knows it. He’s not going to shy away from danger or fear. Steve would like to keep it free of violence but he doubts that will happen.
“I can,” Rumlow said but didn’t move. Sawyer shuffled around in the back next to the corridor where the elevator emptied out. He wanted to escape. Well, he damned well wasn’t going to leave. Tony refused to let anyone of these guard leave.
When they get to the lifts, the guards split but six of them enter the lift with Tony and Steve. A slight slip of the hand on Steve’s back by the prince quiets his nerves. This is something he’s never experienced. Life on Brooklyn had been simple, harsh and hard, but simple. Here at the Widow’s Brothel, it has been purposeful with risk, but never this dangerous. Steve always feels safe with his clients. Natasha is that good screening who is allowed to use her Brothel. There’s a reason her brothel is considered one of the top ones on the Station.
“You eat weird; I guess we’re a match made in heaven.” Tony nuzzles a bit at Steve’s neck who melts further into the chair. As Tony starts to kiss a line down his clavicle the timer dings. Steve sits up as if to answer it, but Tony pushes him back down.
When he finishes, he’s legs give out and he topples downward, Tony guiding him to his knees and they collapse into one another. He quakes through the after effects, never knowing that touching himself could cause his insides to turn over and contort into knots. He gulps in breath as Tony pets his hair.
Nat gets down next to him and strokes a hand down his back. Her words are quiet, sincere, and private. He cannot hear her and he figures he should keep watch anyhow. Though he aches, because he knows it isn’t any injury that’s stopped Steve. Not that kind of injury anyhow.
“Yeah, I know that,” Steve said. He clasped Tony’s hand in his. “And I don’t want to be one of those people. I want to accept myself. Heck, I accepted my friend back in the day.”
Steve swung around and faced Tony, his hands in a tight ball in his lap. “I grew up differently. Sometimes it feels like I’m actually on a different planet or something. Nothing makes sense and at the same time everything makes sense. Peggy used to say I was too dramatic. Maybe I am. But maybe, just maybe, the world leaped forward and I can’t catch up.”
“Why wouldn’t I like it though?  You said you like both.  You seem to really like when I…when I…” Steve stammered, a blush already reddening the skin on his chest and neck while he tried desperately to meet Tony’s eyes.
“No, no, no problem. Not like I’m not used to it by now,” Rhodey said with a sigh as he stepped out into the hallway, over a piece of door.  Wall. No, door.  Whatever.  “So…not that this isn’t pretty much my childhood fantasy come to life, but how’s this all going to look?  Captain America tearing up a police station to rescue his Omega from the clutches of The Man?” Rhodey asked.
Walking back to his room had taken on a kind of solemnity over these last few days that Steve associated more with preparing for battle than a simple stroll, but he could almost feel whatever carapace enveloped him in Tony’s chambers slowly slough away as he left the hallway for the tunnel to Zola’s compound.  When had he stopped looking at the suits of armor that lined the hall?  When had he stopped counting his steps?  When had he forgotten to measure the length of the torches that burned in their cradles and marked the last time someone had come this way?  It was harder, each time, and Steve knew if he wasn’t careful, one day, he wouldn’t truly leave at all, and that thought alone was enough to sober the lingering sluggishness from his mind.
Right.  Brock.  His boyfriend.  Who was probably freaking out with worry about now.  He sighed again.  He really should head back before Brock came looking for him.  He could use the suite’s phone to call, he supposed, but, well… that seemed weird, calling from here, and he didn’t have his own phone, per Ms. Potts’ rules.
Cam smiled widely and gave a whoop of excitement.  They both watched the boy scamper out of the room.  Steve thought he even caught the younger of the two guards smiling a bit as he held the door for the boy.
“Not a problem, Cap.  Not working on anything at the moment,” Tony replied, then looked down and noticed he had motor oil streaked on the back of his hands and front of his pants.  “Um…I mean I’m finished.  For now.  Nothing that can’t wait, anyway.  Come on, lots to see.  You’ll like it.  I mean, you do like it, so…you know,” Tony said with a slight frown, then cleared his throat and spread his arms wide towards the door.  “Let’s go.”
“No,” Steve repeated. “I’m not wearing a t-shirt that says that on it, Tony, just no.  And don’t try to tell me that’s how everyone does it these days.  I looked.  It’s not.”
Ross’ face pinched just slightly, but he nodded and smiled in greeting. It didn’t reach his eyes. “Of course. No harm will come to him, I assure you, my King,” Ross said, then looked over at Steve. “Even down here, we’ve heard of the King’s Prize. An honor to have you join us, Raj’Inama. If my men or I can assist you in any way, your attendant need only ask.”
“That was…” Tony began, then stopped and shook his head against Steve’s shoulder.  “Extraordinary. I don’t have words that are adequate.” He slowly peeled his hand from where he held Steve’s against the wall and looked down at it.  Steve peered at him over his shoulder, watching as a strange sort of solemnity crossed Tony’s features. Tony looked up and caught him staring, and it disappeared.  “Let us get you to bed, my soldier, before you collapse where you stand.”
“Y—yes,” Steve replied.  Tony’s thumb had stopped its movement and sat there on Steve’s mouth, just at the seam of his lips.  The tip of it flicked at Steve’s upper lip, just barely a motion, but Steve felt his mouth water and opened his lips, letting Tony slide his thumb inside, settling it on Steve’s tongue, so hard and heavy, but not what Steve wanted. Not nearly enough.  He needed more, needed to be filled, he was so empty, everywhere in him, it felt like it was cratering open, these big, gaping wounds of need deep down inside him, and all he wanted was Tony.  Tony everywhere, all around him, over him, in him, it had been so long, and he had been so good for Tony.
“Lots of people have it way worse.  I don’t know why I’m even…being like this,” Tony finished, scraping a hand roughly through his hair.
He walked the few paces to the bed and sat down, grabbing the pillow and hugging it to his chest.  By day two in the Isolation Cabin, not mussing the bedspread had become a lost cause.  The closet door was still open where he had hung the clothes next to the rest of Steve’s collection of Howdy-Doody shirts, khaki pants, and the few Tony-approved choices from their shopping trip.  Neat rows of shoes lined the bottom of the closet, the leather dress shoes polished to a gleaming shine.
Actually, the leaps in logical functioning that were required to get a machine to understand fire, the utility of water and that a plastic bottle left on Tony’s desk from yesterday contained it were more complicated than what NASA used to get to the moon, but putting that aside, really not that big of a deal.
“Maybe.  I don’t know.  I mean, I guess,” Tony mumbled, swallowing down the bite of pizza with some effort.
“Yeah, well. Architects did most of that. I just paid,” Tony replied, though that wasn't entirely true, and he didn't know why he was even saying it. “You should come by and see it sometime,” Tony heard himself say, apparently pulling thoughts from the depths of hell now.
“You—did you find anything?” Tony heard himself ask, almost unable to recognize his own voice, the plea in it.
“Hello,” Tony breathed into the mouthpiece as he held the talk button, his lips brushing against the plastic cover where tiny holes would have carried Cap’s voice back to whoever was listening.  A slightly embarrassed laugh bubbled up in him, and, for the first time since he’d crept down here, he looked over his shoulder, like being found doing something silly was somehow worse than what he was actually doing.
The bank of elevators was in front of him before he quite realized he had made it that far.  Coulson said doctors. Doctors meant Medical.  Tony had been to Medical.  That first day, when he met Steve.  Medical.  He knew where that was.  Next step, then.  Get to medical.
“Thanks, Phil,” Steve said, voice crackling through the oxygen mask as the doors slid shut on last of the doctors.  He tugged that off, and tossed it to the side, coughing a little as he struggled to sit up.
in a voice that sounded a lot like a dead man's. So, it took longer than it should have for Steve's words to register, and when they did, Tony couldn't quite get them to process, just kept turning them over and over in his head, pulling them apart and putting them back together in some sort of mental examination, like they would make more sense if he rearranged the letters Tom Riddle-style.
“Dude, it’s red Mountain Dew.  Everyone knows apology Dew is green or, possibly orange, but red is—“ Rhodey started.
“What---okay, wow, that was a hell of an information dump,” Tony choked out, his voice shaking as he blinked up at the alien. “What do you...you can--you can help me?” The alien stared at him, seemingly hopeful, but didn’t seem to know how to respond or wasn’t able to without the whole magic finger whammy thing.
“I somehow don’t think his thought process went, hey, maybe people are good and the media will be nice,” Rhodey argued, probably reasonably, Tony couldn’t be sure.  Steve was coming home. Steve was coming home and would take care of him, and as much as he hated the idea of what everyone would say, he wanted Steve.  He wanted Steve to swoop in and make everything okay, because he really did feel truly, deeply shitty.
“There was a smell there.  It got on your clothes, in your hair, in your skin.  This…this smell,” Steve went on, not waiting for Toy to answer.  “We didn’t really have showers in the field, just these things we’d rig up when we had time.  You got a ration of water that wouldn’t clean a baby, and you had to shave with that, too.  Guys called it a ‘dog’s lick’ bath,” Steve said with a grimace, shifting uncomfortably, eyes still hazy and unseeing.  “Mostly, you just covered up the dirt with the delousing powder and hoped for the best.  But this smell.  It was in the air, the dirt, the walls.  Everywhere.  You couldn’t get away from it.”
Steve’s Jedi mind tricks notwithstanding, he liked how aware Steve was of him.  It made him feel present in a way he hadn’t realized he’d been missing.  Years of being overlooked, looked through, unseen, unheard, and invisibility stops being a shield and starts being a reality.  Tony punched in the security code and the door unlocked with a loud, metallic click.
“Together,” Tony proclaimed, for the first time, his voice ringing solid and true. “We’ll do it together.”
He was still sore from his punishment, true enough, but it had set things right in the camp to see it, as if everything had been reset to the way it was before the secret.  Clan could do that. Their Memories were deep, but with that came the ability to un-know things, too. To un-remember them. An Omega keeping a secret from the clan’s Alpha was not something they could comprehend, but an Omega being rightly punished was expected, and as with all corrections by their Alpha, it served to undo the transgression in the clan’s mind.  So, the secret-keeping was simply gone, as if it had never existed. Anto wondered if he raised it, if they would even be able to remember what it was he meant about a secret cave. Probably not. They would look at him oddly and wonder, but not be able to hold on to a concept of a thing that had not happened, the same way they had been able to stop seeing him during his banishment, when Jhrvis had announced that Anto walked with the spirits now.  To them, he had, it was as simple as that.
Tony’s mind flattened out as pleasure coursed through him, too much feeling to think about anything beyond it.  He felt safe. Maybe it wasn’t objective, maybe it was the magic finger whammy. Did telepathy work if transmitted through your prostate, Tony wondered with a shuddering, breathy laugh. Guess so, he thought as a tide of humorous assurance seemed to answer him.  The alien was smiling down at him now, and that, wow, Tony liked that. He liked seeing the alien happy, reflecting all of that back into Tony somehow. It was joyous and free, someone else’s happiness, untouched by Tony’s usual certainty that he didn’t deserve it. No, this was different. This was happiness undiluted.  Pure, concentrated feeling, and God, it was like the greatest hit of anything Tony had ever had.
“I like that you are manly enough to just list all those off the top of your head.  Besides, Beyoncé said if you like it, you should put a ring on it, so,” Tony replied, canting his head at Rhodey.
“I heard that somewhere, too,” Steve replied evenly, when his heart sank back down his throat after lurching its way out of his chest when the King first mentioned bringing Cam.  The King laughed, smile lines crinkling his face, shook his head and dropped his hands from Steve’s face.
“I did,” Tony replied.  He walked over to sit next to Steve on the thin mattress, one hand skating lightly down Steve’s back.  Steve glanced over at him, then back down to his lap, where he dropped the thread and made a fist against his thigh.
His head jerked backwards. He couldn’t help it. Twin stabs of pain flared behind his nipples, and he made some kind of sound around Tony’s cock that might have been a moan. Trying to relieve the biting pain in his nipples, he shifted his neck a bit but as soon as he moved the hook in his ass pulled hard against his rim. He tried to lean his head back again, but Tony’s hand in his hair held him steady and the concordant pull on his nipples kept him from relief. He kept searching for some middle ground but there didn’t seem to be one. It was one kind of pain or another, and either one seemed to bury itself at the base of his cock and send pulses of fiery need down to the weeping head.
He stood and held out a hand for Tony, then almost wished he hadn’t because Tony stared at it for a second, and Steve had the terrible thought that Tony wouldn’t take it, but he did, and Steve pulled him up, such a small, simple thing to do.  Probably done thousands of times a day and no one ever thought of it, except Steve thought he would always remember the feel of Tony’s hand in his, the feeling of doing something for Tony, of helping him, even in a small way. It felt good. Satisfying and certain.  A good thing. He was sure of it, the way he wasn’t sure of much of anything these days.  Even after Tony withdrew his hand, the warmth lingered.  Steve resisted the urge to rub at his palm, like he could press the feeling into his skin and absorb it.
“You pay him, Tony,” Steve reminded him, unable to keep the smile off his face at the praise, “but thank you.  You’re quite the artist, too, you know? Your designs...they aren’t just useful, there’s beauty there.”
“I--” Steve started, still too stunned to say much of anything.  Tony ordered fishing gear? And...crickets.  A lot of crickets, apparently, Steve grinned.  He could feel his chest swelling, buoyant and bright and
“I brought forms,” Coulson said, pushing open the door to the red convertible.  “They’re in triplicate.”
“I’m taking the damn pills, Steve, right on schedule. Each little day’s box of ‘em, okay?” Barnes ground out.
There had probably never been an answer that would have satisfied him in any meaningful way, and Tony knew those were just the kinds of questions that didn’t need asking, but it had been sitting there between them for so long, almost as if it had carved out its own space that he could no longer cross. It was there in the occasional vacant stare, the words not said when the pause was just long enough to hear the echo of them, the way Steve would sometimes rub at the simple leather band around his wrist and for a moment, Tony could see a flicker of something that terrified him cross Steve’s face before it was carefully masked.
“Hearing good things on the budget for next year,” Obie replied, voice angling higher as he pursed his mouth.  “Reagan wants new stuff, not more troops. Gadgets, tech, that’s the way to go. All these young guys coming in, they want the computer-driven control systems, stealth, composite materials, all of that.  And SI’s got to be front of the line.”
“You make dad-jokes, can’t be trusted with the car radio and say things like ‘swell.’  You said the new Call of Duty game was ‘the bees’ knees’ after totally kicking our asses at it, by the way, and I know you’re fucking with me on that one, but Rhodey is an innocent, trusting lamb who thinks you’re a giant dork,” Tony told him.  He looked up, caught Steve’s somewhat abashed expression, then grinned.  “I mean, you
“That word is on the list, too,” Steve said, walking on careful steps over to look down at the Tony and the now-sleeping Peter.
It knocked the breath out of Steve’s chest. For a moment, he was so disconcerted, he couldn’t think.  He simultaneously stumbled backwards and raised his hand towards Tony, his mouth open to say...something.
Steve nodded once, and Tony shifted out of the way so he could maneuver around the table, still piled with the remains of their dinner, to get back to his bed.  He sat down heavily on the side, looked up at Tony, then put his head in his hands, hunching his shoulders over and making himself seem small in a way that Steve should never be.
“No kidding,” Coulson snapped back.  At least he sounded annoyed, too, Tony thought, relishing a bit when the doctor had the good sense to look abashed.
“You misunderstood,” Tony said smoothly, head shaking as he reached out to run his hand through Steve’s hair, stroking the nearly dry strands into place.  “Or Zola sought to frighten you into good behavior. Clearly not knowing that is rather as good as trying to cajole a lion to compromise by tossing stones at it,” Tony huffed with an apologetic look at Steve.
“Yeah, that.  It’s hard for him, and I get that, and I’m trying not to be too—you know. Too me, about it,” Tony said.  “He’s giving me a key to his apartment.”
is your home now,” Tony told him, and Steve almost asked him if he meant the collar, but bit back the retort.  It served no good purpose.
“Yes, yes, my map table,” the King replied, rolling his eyes.  “I knocked the pieces over the other night.  I do that.  Annoys Rhodey when I make light of his toys.  And when I call them toys.  Anyway, you,” the King said, drawing out the word.  “You picked them up.  Put them back.  One of the guards saw you do it before you slunk out of here in the middle of the night totally without permission, which you won’t do again, even though you had a very relaxing bath,” the King added, making a slash through the air with one hand.
Slowly, on stiff, unwieldy legs, Steve walked towards where Tony, resplendent in his black breeches and red brocade waistcoat, waited.  Tony waited, knowing.  Knowing what Steve had done for him today. Tony had thought about it all day, and Steve had given that to him. A warm tingle filtered over Steve’s skin, like stepping closer to a fire.  The pain that had seemed unbearable a moment ago was still there, but muted somehow.  Pushed back. Tony was in front, waiting and knowing, his eyes dark pools of almost black as Steve approached. His ears filled with the cries of the crowd—cheers for him, for Tony, for the spectacle of it, he wasn’t sure--and the blood pounding through his body, a rushing sound, almost like waves breaking.   There was pain, yes. Each step dripped with the aching agony of it, this rushing, pounding, breaking pain and pleasure, and yet, he moved towards Tony almost with ease, like some invisible tether pulled him along.
“Bucky says I’m shit at saying no to you,” Steve admitted, hoisting the backpack up on his shoulder.  The wind was making his hair spike, and Tony had to resist the urge to reach up and run his hand through it to pat it down.
Anto looked at him in confusion for a moment.  Maybe the Others had to express gratitude to a healer.  With Clan, it was simply what he did, and Brun knapped flint and Erga grew herbs and Jhrvis was mog-ur.  No one would think to say thank you for doing what it was that you were born to do, the only thing you
“It was just an offer, Steve,” Stark said, gently enough that it felt a bit like an apology and left Steve reeling in his own righteous anger, which, yeah, he could admit was at least partially due to Stark’s question and his guesses hitting a sensitive spot.
“Don’t worry.  I’m not really big on dancing,” Tony replied.  How to say, I’m afraid my ass will go Exxon Valdez by the second verse of The Way You Look Tonight, so I’d rather not?   Yeah, dancing was probably not a great activity choice, he sighed.
“Not that kind of painting,” Steve said, though his mind had immediately started to conjure the image of Tony sprawled out on some yacht, with the sun beating down on smooth, tan skin, the blue of the water against the bright, white of the yacht.  He blinked and tried to focus.  “I was thinking more just a portrait.  Or, at least, the start of one. You’re very…expressive.”
It means…it means he was coming home.  To me.  It means when he thought about me, he thought about coming home to me.  Whatever else I am, I’m home. And that was…that could be enough, right?  It could.  It was a lot more then he’d ever thought he’d have.
Steve tipped his head back to catch Tony’s eyes in warm, soft stare.  His eyes crinkled at the edges. The way Tony liked.  Polaris, Tony thought, gazing back at Steve’s bright, clear blue eyes.
The water was the perfect temperature.  Steve sank down into it and set his glass on the pool’s edge, sitting opposite from Tony.  Whimsical, colorful butterflies were inlaid in the tile around the edges and on the bottom of the pool, and twin polka-dotted columns spiraled upwards at each juncture.
“You wanted to look like those Omegas for me, Tony?  They could never be you.  You have no idea.  You’re so beautiful. Alphas would pay anything for a picture of you like this.  Something they could hold and look at and think about.  You.  Like this.  But, this is for me, isn’t it?  Just me,” Steve said, and God, it made Tony feel filthy and dirty and wonderful, made him want to curl up in a ball and hide his face, made him want to beg and plead and rut into the bed.  Tony’s mind was having some sort of network connectivity problem, he decided.
“And Colonel Rhodes, of course.  I’ve heard so much about you from my guys out at Nellis,” Estes said, shaking Rhodey’s hand.
“Steve,” Tony repeated, this time more forcefully. Steve dragged his eyes to Tony’s again, then Tony felt Steve’s whole body shudder once underneath him, almost as if it took that much effort to keep his eyes focused on Tony’s.
“My terrible life choices are hardly your fault, Steve,” Tony gently corrected.  “I didn’t have to go running to Ty the first sign of there being an issue with us, but I did.  I didn’t have to push you away the exact way I knew would work.  I did this, too.”  Steve shook his head and opened his mouth to protest.  Tony reached up and covered Steve’s lips with his hand, hushing him.  “How about, and I know this is wild, but how about we are both adults and we both made some bad choices here.  And maybe next time—next time there’s some issue,” Tony broke off, rolling his bottom lip between his teeth and sucking in a shuddering breath.  “Next time, we talk about it?” he suggested, dropping his hand back down to his side.
“I read a paper about it,” Steve said. “Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research, I think it was. Sam--he’s a friend, works at the VA.  He gets them and hands them off after a while.  I started reading up on some of the new smart drones in the pipeline and kept going.”
Tony wasn’t sure how long they spent sitting there while Tony pointed out the constellations and various stars he thought might interest Steve.  It wasn’t a clear enough night to get the best view, but up here, away from the city lights, they could see the bands of clouds circling Jupiter, and her four moons, the Trapezium, a quadruple star in Orion’s belt, and the Andromeda galaxy, which Tony explained would collide with our own in about four billion years, so no worries.
Mate is life, he thought, and drifted. Not to sleep, just...away.  He was floating, and then there was a wave, a light one, barely a push, and he was gone, drifting in an endless pink ocean, surrounded by light.  Safe and warm and
Steve’s eyes narrowed on Tony’s face, trying to figure out what the other man was about, but all he saw was the same burning intensity that was there before.  Tony wanted to see what he could do.  Who he was.
“Don’t get your panties in a wad, Rollins, I checked, okay? He’s going through bags in the gym, same as always.  Widow’s got babysitting duty today, looked like,” Calhoun said around a huff of--not laughter, not that, but something. “She’s not going to let him toddle off unsupervised.”
“I want to keep you safe.  Protect you from the world.  I’ve always wanted that,” Steve said, bringing his hand up to trace the barely there white line that cut across Tony’s check.  “But that’s not how you were made, is it?  Not what you were built for.  A safe life.  You never were.  You were always, well.  More.  More than anyone I ever met.  Someone who could handle being with me. That’s what I told myself.  I didn’t get it, not then.”
“Then we’ll…keep on trying.  Your drawing of what it should look like gave us a head start.  We do have some fairly smart people at SHIELD, you know,” Peggy replied sharply, then her face softened, and she bit her lip, worrying at it for a moment.  “Sorry. I’m sorry, Steve, I really am. I know you’re worried. And…and anxious to get home. Of course you are. As strange as this is for me, I can’t imagine what it’s like for you.  I wish…I wish you would just tell me…” she sighed, then gave him a wan smile. “But, you won’t. You can’t blame a girl for trying, though.”
that is folly, but this?  Us? Tell me that you don’t feel this,” Tony husked out, his voice raw and urgent.
It had always been about the company.  Hadn’t he known that?  How many times did he need to be told the same thing over and over?  Letting him have his robots and his gadgets.  His garage.  Caltech.  SHIELD.  The Army Science Board.  Getting Howard and Obie to back off.  If you were going to take over a weapons company, probably helped to have someone around who could build weapons, Tony guessed.
Happy turned the car off the freeway. Tony’s stomach did a drop-swoop thing and his chest constricted so tightly that for a second, he wondered if he was going to pass out.
Steve didn’t really understand what the business did other than some kind of ‘event promotion’ and ‘investing’.  He tried to listen when Brock talked about it, but he’d quickly learned that Brock didn’t expect, or seem to particularly want, any input from him other than the occasional nod and interested noise.  Unlike Tony.
Bruce sighed.  “I know. I wish I could be more help, you know I know.  Steve--I really do,” he added, glancing back at Steve.
“Uh, yeah—I mean, thanks.  For that,” Tony mumbled, the words seeming to stick in his throat. “He—we.  You know, I don’t actually have any idea what he would have thought of all this.  Maybe this would have been enough, who the hell knows?”
It shouldn’t have been as easy as it was to talk to Tony. That was the thing. They were from entirely different worlds. They shouldn’t have anything in common, really, but the conversation flowed like water, and Steve never found himself feeling awkward or out of step, the way he usually did. Tony even laughed at his occasional lame attempt at humor, and teased him a little, though the barbs, such as they were, were soft and coupled with the warm glint in Tony’s eyes, and made Steve feel more like he was being welcomed into some exclusive club that got to be teased instead of the usual sting that came with feeling like he had screwed up somehow.
When they finally broke apart, Tony was panting, Steve’s shirt still knotted in his fists.  Steve’s face was flushed, and his eyes were bright, wide points of dark blue.  It was a bit like looking at the sun, Tony thought dazedly.
Stark tilted his head slightly, regarding Steve from behind a cagey look, then glanced over at Brock.  “Quite the contrary. We were just having a bit of a philosophical debate.”
Deep breath, Steve told himself, because that was supposed to help, but his mind reminded him that was what you did before you went under, so he let it out in a long, slow hiss instead and thought of bubbles pouring out of his mouth.
His phone buzzed insistently from his coat pocket, and he dug it out, seeing Pepper’s familiar face on the screen.  He hit the sent to voicemail button, then listened to it as soon as the notification showed up on his screen.  She was checking in on him, of course, which he’d known before he pushed the play button.  Technically, he’d said he was going to do this first thing in the morning, which, it being nearly four in the afternoon, meant this particular band-aid should have been long pulled.
Tony’s tongue had gotten too big for his mouth all of a sudden.  It made him want to lick his lips, but he thought that would look stupid, so he didn’t, but then all he could think about was the desire to wet his lips.  He ran a hand up and down over the back of his neck.  His palm was sweaty.  He could feel it, cool on the skin of his neck.  He started to press down before he realized what he was doing and made himself drop his hand to his side, where it hung limply like the other one, with nothing to do, like two appendages he’d just grown and had no idea how to use.
The irony was, if Obie had just told him, if he had explained…they were Tony’s people, too, after all.  Or they had been, once, long ago, before his parents died.  Before Obie. Before a lot of things.  Of course, there had been no choice offered.  When had there ever?  It didn’t matter, he told himself.  He was here now, and all he could do was hope the man agreed.  That was the right thing to do, he knew.  What did he matter against the lives of his people?  What did any of it matter, when you scraped all the layers off?  He would be traded to this man or someone else.  At least with this, there was no illusion of what it was.  No fancy words, no priest to bless it, no pretense of ceremony.  It was a bargain. That was all.  At least, he supposed, it was an honest one, assuming this barbarian had any concept of honor.
“I—“ Steve started, then swallowed thickly and dropped his head, closing his eyes.  When he opened them, he could see his cock pressing against the folds of his robe and supposed that was answer enough.
“Fine,” Tony said.  He pulled his phone out and looked down at the message.  “Um…Rhodey says I’m supposed to tell you that Army stands for Airforce Rejected Me Yesterday.”
“I will stand with you, Tony.  Always,” Steve murmured into Tony’s skin.  “My place is at your side.”
“I know this is hard to believe,” Steve said over the shouted questions and whir of the cameras.  A flash snap-clicked in his face, and he had to force himself not to flinch. “I sometimes catch myself not able to believe all this has happened to me.  That someone like Tony would be interested in someone like me. I know how it must look from the outside. To all of you, and maybe to everyone back home.  I know it’s hard not to look for some kind of motive beyond the simple answer, but the truth is, we’re just two people who got a second chance.”
“Oh, that.  It’s really not a big deal.  I don’t even have much there, just some clothes and shaving stuff.  I meant to get my sketchbook, but,” Steve shrugged.
“Why?” Steve asked with a dubious frown.  “Are the watermelons going to…explode more?  Are they evil watermelons?  Did Edible Arrangements go super-villain?”
The guards gripped Steve’s arms and pushed him forward, almost propelling his shackled feet over the ground in their haste to obey, leaving Zola and Sitwell behind.  Through the red doors, the small courtyard was empty, though Steve could see cushioned benches with small, tufted pillows on the ground next to them.  He was led down a maze of halls, down a series of stairs, then through arched doors and past flower-crested guards, robed overseers and domestic slaves cleaning or carrying trays overflowing with food and pitchers of fragrant wines towards the rooms with lamps lit outside of them.  His stomach rumbled.
“They do,” Steve said, pulling back a bit, but continuing his rhythmic stroking, as if Tony would revert to whatever state he’d been in if Steve stopped. It still felt nice, wonderful, really, so Tony wasn’t going to complain.  “But they also make Alphas very protective, even more so than usual.  The bonding process is so important, particularly to the Omega, so any interruption or interference can be a problem.  You just perceived Camp as a threat to the bonding.  But it’s fine, Tony. Really.  I think it’s safe to say that we’re fully bonded.”
Steve glanced at him, his lips tugging up at the corners, his blue, stained-glass eyes bright.  “That is a gas giant,” he said in a flat voice.
“Alright, JARVIS,” Tony began, opening his eyes and glancing around at the nothingness.  “What do you say we blow this popsicle stand?”
“Think you can make it that far without passing out on me?” Tony teased as he worked the items Steve had given him into something he could use on the door.
“I should like to meet them very much,” Cam said eagerly.  “The King said I could have a talking bird. That must be a spell, don’t you think? Did your witch make animals talk?”
“He doesn’t want you involved with the company.  That’s it.  That’s the thing that’s changed,” Steve replied, snapping his fingers at Tony.  “You’re suddenly involved in the company’s business in a way you haven’t been before.”
“Alpha,” Steve rasped, low and hoarse and filled with something like wonder, and fuck if that didn’t go straight to Tony’s cock, like the word itself entered his body. He could feel it rattling around, coiling and tightening inside him.
“You have no idea.  What you’re capable of.  Who you really are. You’re—God, Tony, you’re the bravest man I’ve ever met,” Steve said, his voice going soft and urgent.
He thought of Fury putting the shield into his hands and asking him to inspire men to die in a war they would lose.
“Hmmm, yes,” Maria sighed.  “Tony’s always been so independent, though, you know,” she continued with a blithe certainty.  Tony, Steve knew, could remake the world with just his mind and his hands, but he needed people, needed a family and a support system, perhaps more than Steve had ever quite realized.  “The school is quite nice, I must admit.  And very excited to have him, of course.  We had lunch with the President and some of the professors last time we visited.  You should’ve heard them all talk,” she laughed, giving her head a rueful shake.  “It was like being around Howard and all his friends all those years ago, everyone smoking and drinking and talking about how they were going to change the world,” she sighed.  “Tony was polite, at least.  He
He couldn’t ask Steve to clarify, not yet, anyway. Steve was off on his latest Hunt for Red October, though when Tony had woken to a cold bed this morning, it had lacked the usual ominous feeling that it might be something he needed to get himself used to.     He waved a hand at the image hovering in front of him and dragged it to the virtual trashcan, giving up on getting any actual work done today.
“It’s not the money.  Well.  It’s a little the money, but not because.  Shit,” Tony broke off.  He stood up and paced in a short circle for a moment, hands going to his hips as he forced himself to a halt and turned to look at Steve.  Tony ran a hand through his hair, then down over his mouth, and shook his head.  There was really no good way to say it, he supposed.  “He has the Restraining Order.”
When the dinner hour approached, Cam set about dressing Steve for the evening with a demeanor that reminded Steve a bit of Colonel Phillips. As Cam slipped the outer gown over Steve’s shoulders and wrapped the tie around his waist, Steve could hear a sudden rustle of activity outside the tent and a few shouts of greeting.
Nothing happened, which made it predictable, at least, Tony supposed, blinking rapidly against the bitter disappointment that kept trying to claw its way out. He sucked in a shaky breath and wiped the hand not holding Steve’s across his face, swiping away at the moisture there. He wasn’t crying.  Crying would be some kind of admission that he wasn’t ready to make.  He gripped Steve’s hand harder, bringing it up to his cheek, because it was warm and felt like movement, some desperate pantomime of what he wanted.
“Jus,” Tony mouthed, the word garbled as he tried to force his tongue to work.  He tapped at the edge of the surgical steel cup in his chest where the connecting plate was sunk between his ribs.  Apparently, that wasn’t entirely clear or possibly Steve didn’t want a trial run with the thing keeping Tony alive because he reached for Tony’s phone where it had fallen on the floor between the sofa and the coffee table and clicked it on.
“I know you are, and it’s fine. All I’m saying is, that’s not how I want things to be for us. We get the business up and running, and we’re gonna be golden, I’m telling you,” Brock assured him, flopping back over on his back. “I just don’t know how I’m going to make that happen, and that just kills me, Steve, it really does. And then, Stark’s just like, ‘have a million bucks,’ you know?  Just throws it in our faces like that. A million dollars--everything you could ever want, and all for just one measly night of sex.  I mean, it’s nothing to him, right? A million dollars is pocket change.  He probably has that in his couch cushions!  But, people like us...think what that could do!” He threw his arms in the air and let them slap back down onto the bed. “It’s so fucking frustrating, that’s all I’m saying. I work so hard, all the time, and this rich asshole just tosses that kind of money around like it’s nothing.  Million dollars. For one night of sex.
After all, it wasn’t as if very much interesting ever happened to Steve.  At least, not so far. He hoped maybe one day it would, though, that seemed less and less likely all the time. There was the one time the barn cat over at Bucky’s place had kittens, and once, a travelling group of players came to town with a little monkey all dressed up in real clothes that did tricks if you gave it coins, but this man was far more interesting than even the monkey had been. Besides, just because he wasn’t as big as the other boys didn’t mean he was some scared weakling, and this was just a man, not a bear or a boar or some wild beast.  It was just a man, and they were just talking, and he could run anytime, if he had to.  Maybe waiting a bit would be good, anyway.  He needed to catch his breath, after all, which was still pulling a stitch into his side every other breath or so.
“Fair point,” Tony agreed after a slight pause, then smiled softly down at Steve. “Relax.  Breathe. If you don’t love it, tell me to stop.”
“And what will I give you so that you shall know my regard?” Steve asked, reaching out to cup Tony’s jaw, voice quiet and husky, shaking with an emotion he wasn’t sure he was ready to name, but it made him think of watching Bucky and Natasha dancing to their own music as the first snow fell, their breath puffing white between them, and something else, something sparkling and bright and so clear he could have sworn he saw it haloing them as they swayed.  He’d watched them for long heartbeats, a tight, pounding burn filling his chest and head, and he’d loved them both, their happiness, their belonging, so fiercely in that instant, it had almost overwhelmed him.  This was the same, except not, though his mind couldn’t separate exactly what the difference was, it just burned, bright and clear, this feeling he had for Tony, and he thought if he could reach out and touch it, it would feel like the velvet smoothness of a petal.
“Utterly magnificent,” Tony whispered. He reached out and caught some of his seed that was dripping from Steve’s chin on his fingers and shoved them into Steve’s mouth, spreading it around until Steve felt like his whole mouth must be covered in it. It sat, sticky and salty, congealing on his tongue. Tony watched him a moment longer, a dark, possessive gleam in his eyes as his gaze roved over Steve’s body and down to his throbbing cock.
“On account of whatever feelings that Tony may still have for you, I’ve tried to be forgiving,” Steve said, turning back to Howard, who was clutching ineffectually at the hand holding his neck, fingers grasping desperately, face red and puffy.  A line of spittle hung from the corner of his mouth where he was trying to speak but couldn’t get any air past Steve’s iron grip.  Steve’s voice was calm, almost nonchalant, if you didn’t know him, but Tony did, and he’d heard this voice before, on an offer to serve Tony a stranger’s apology on a silver plate, if he wanted it.  “But you should understand that if you ever raise your hand to him again, I’ll kill you.”
A small fire was banked in the hearth, next to which a large, flat stone held an anvil and round grinding stone suspended between two posts by its side.  A large, round table dominated the center of the room.  It was clearly meant to be a map table, with the miniature battlements and sculpted proxies for cavalry, infantry and other markers scattered across the table in between bits and pieces of coiled metal, small-toothed wheels and an array of other items that Steve could only guess at their use.
In a few months, he would leave this behind.  Find a way through a wilderness he did not know.  Chance death or worse, for both him and Cam.  Crawl into the belly of a ship again and take his chances to cross an angry sea.  Go home.
In his head, Tony could see the lines and lines of numbers.  The raw detection data the LIGO observatory spit out, waiting to be plotted and analyzed.
“I’m sorry,” Kirk said again.  “Here I am, bitching about how Daddy doesn’t love me enough.  This is why I can’t have nice things.”
happiness, the kind that he wasn’t even supposed to believe in--if that was really the toll of his sins, then so be it. He would deal with it, he always had.  If Steve wanted out, then…well. Then, that was that. He couldn’t stop him. Wouldn’t even try. Steve deserved, well, everything, but he at least deserved the dignity of a real choice here.  But, Tony couldn’t quite bring himself to regret any of this. At least they had this. Whatever happened, he got to be loved by Steve Rogers for a little bit of time, and that was worth more than just about anything.  This time together, this one perfect night, when they both loved each other and nothing else mattered, he wasn’t going to let himself twist it into something awful, even if that was his go-to. It was selfish, Tony knew.  Selfish and cowardly and a host of other words his therapist would probably use if he ever bothered to go, but he couldn’t make himself wish for anything different. He should, he knew, but he couldn’t.
“As your, ah, what’da you call it, co-captain? Fellow traveller,” Tony shrugged, then sighed.  “This is...it’s crazy, right? This whole thing. But, I feel like I got a new lease on life, and I have literally made first contact with an alien species, who, yes, immediately initiated kinky sex--God, it’s that year I tried to join a fraternity all over again--anyway, point being, this is an incredible opportunity.  You have new technology that is incredibly advanced, and that’s saying something coming from me. You have a spaceship capable of deep space flight. Cryo chambers. The works. I’d be insane to miss this if there’s a chance you’d consider it. Having me along, I mean. Just for a while,” Tony quickly amended. “I’ll get out of your hair eventually, I swear.  Just maybe let’s see if we can find more of this star-metal of yours or maybe let JARVIS take a crack at synthesizing it. See what else is out there! I don’t know, this is--yes, this is nuts, I get it, but my whole life has been crazy since Afghanistan, and, I don’t know, this
“Is that what you’re doing?” Fury asked, eyeing Steve with his disconcertingly constant gaze.  “What you did before?”
“Just…do what he says, okay, son?  It’ll be easier if you just go along with it.  Don’t—don’t make this harder on yourself than it needs to be,” Howard admonished, though he wouldn’t look at Tony.  There was something lacing his voice that on anyone else, Tony would have called sorrow, but there was too much belligerent hope there, too.
Tony cleared his throat.  “You know, it occurs to me that one, having other people over here tonight was a terrible idea, and two, that the faster we get out there, the faster we can be done and get back here.”
Steve let out a groan that might have been Tony’s name.  His hips bucked up to meet Tony’s increasingly erratic thrusts.  It seemed as if his whole body was alight with pleasure. Tony’s firm hand formed a sheath around his cock, gripping him tighter. Pressure built deep and hot, pounding through his veins until it erupted in a bright, blinding well of white filling his vision.  He shouted his orgasm in a long, keening wail, body thrashing for a moment, then going taut as a bowstring.
“Wilson?” Bucky guessed, nodding his head back and forth with a slight grimace. “He would probably not completely suck.”
“I missed a lot,” Steve replied flatly.  He looked down at where his hands were fisted on his thighs.  I missed a lot.  That was how Tony said things that were true and not the truth, he thought, a frown stretching over his face.
Then Tony was leaving, barreling past Steve with hunched shoulders and his eyes on his boots as they ticked off the steps to the door.
“Fine.  Stay down there,” Steve said with a note of exasperation tinging his voice.  “If you’re gonna be like that…just…look, the truth is…the truth is,” he tried again, sucking in a breath, “I wanted what happened last night.  I wanted it, Shellhead, God help me, I did. I’d been thinking about it for a while. About you and…and me. Like, uh. Like that. Well, not like that, exactly, because I didn’t know, but, well.  Is that what you wanted to hear?”
“You’re lying to yourself if you really believe that,” Bucky said.  And there was too much truth to that for it not to sting.  “You’re playing at dating this guy for Christ’s sake, but that’s not what this is, Steve.  Next thing you know, you’ll be going for long walks on the beach together.”
“Okay. Okay, so, you do that. Just...hang in there. Tomorrow, you hear? Whatever...well, whatever this is, we'll deal with it together, Tony,” Rhodey promised.
“Clint is with him,” Natasha rejoined after watching Thor disappear down the hallway, her lips pursing tightly.  “I think he wanted to be the one to tell him.  After what happened before.”  Tony just nodded silently, starting down the hall to the closed door.  It made sense for Barton to do it, of course.  He was the one who had experienced his own loss of self at Loki’s hand, after all.  At least he could offer some understanding of what Steve was going through.  So, yeah, it definitely made sense for Barton to be in there, for him to be the one…and if Steve really didn’t remember anything since they saw Loki back to Asgard the last time…then Tony’s presence would be…unexpected, if not actually unwelcome.
With a resigned sigh, Steve got up and headed for the small pail of water that he kept by the fireplace. He took a cloth and cleaned himself off from the night’s ambulations as he had so many nights before.  Surely, it was a sin, to dream something and--and do this.  Worse even, he couldn’t
“Made by my own father’s hand, Raj’Inama.  He would be honored,” the goldsmith called out with a deep, sweeping bow.
“No. But I was much closer this time!  The King says I must be patient and still and they will swim right up to my hand.  Do you think this is so?” Cam asked.
This ends the requests I received for my Thank You Fics!  Huge thank you to my followers on tumblr for participating.  This was all done to show them my appreciation, so hopefully, those who requested something enjoyed what they received.
“Cheesecake and the sweet smell of capitalistic greed?  How could I say no to that?” Tony quipped as he threw down his black Amex for the check.
“Ah, come on.  He had that coming,” Bucky said without a trace of guilt.  “Got you invited back, didn’t I?  Don’t say I never do anything for you.”
Tony’s mind filled with dark, swirling paintings that hurt to look at, the way Steve stared at the night sky when he couldn’t sleep, the frustration that occasionally laced his voice when he didn’t understand something.  The way he had said he lost everything.  How loud it was here.  How alone he had been, needing something he couldn’t name.
“But, giving you things pleases me, and I am the King, and should, therefore, be pleased, as a rule,” Tony countered, a smile forming. “Name it. Name it, and it is yours.”
“You really want to tell the world that Tony Stark’s an Avenger?” Tony asked, shaking his head and flattening his mouth.
If he hadn’t already been on his knees, Steve thought he might have gone to them.  His whole body sagged with relief, going liquid and boneless.   Hot spikes pricked at the corner of his eyes.  He drew in a ragged breath and let it out again.   He had done something.  He had mattered.  God, it had been so long, so very long, since anything he had done had made a difference to anyone.
“I’m at the Colorado house.  Come join me.  We’ll go fishing.  Technically, you need a license for that, but I don’t suppose that’s a dealbreaker for you,” Tony said, voice wry with amusement. Steve let out a surprised bark of laughter, then grinned. God, he’d missed this. Them.  The two of them when they could just be like this.  “I miss you, too,” Tony added after a beat.  “Come home.”
“I should’ve been there,” Tony replied stubbornly.  “I could’ve helped. Or.  I don’t know, but I should’ve been there.  With you.  Not a good time?  That’s when I should’ve been there the most.  You—Barnes said you came looking for me on 9/11.”
Steve didn’t know if what Tony had said about the Free States was for Ross’ benefit or what Tony truly believed, but it was wrong, Steve knew that much. The Free States were not going to wither on the vine now that the war was over, nor was the world as inaccessible as it once may have been. They had what was left of Schmidt’s fleet, after all. He carried an army to their shores in those ships. They could carry an army back. Not that Steve was going to correct Tony’s perception, if that was what it truly was, but he knew better, and if he were honest with himself, he suspected Tony knew better, too.
country.  The Pres---,” he broke off, shaking his head.  “You know, why am I even surprised anymore?  He wants me to do this?  Steve, I mean. Not the President.  Steve, he…he wants me to…to go to MIT?” Tony asked, digging each word out when they didn’t want to come.
“You understand now, I take it, why I have to take such drastic measure to insure your cooperation?” Zola asked with a quick look at Steve and a small mincing step towards the doors. “The King’s proclivities are well known, of course, and as I am charged with seeing to his pleasure and that of his household and guests, I strive to provide…whatever might be required, you see.  But he is…difficult to predict.  And you, well, you are a bit of a gamble, aren’t you?  Sitwell was right about the risks.  But, I’m a man who has played this game for longer than you’ve been alive.  Please him, and you will be rewarded.  Fail to please him and…well.  I suggest for your sake—and the boy’s--you see that you do not find out.  Are we clear?”
“Look, we’ve got people in and out of that place like it’s a 99-cent buffet.  Some reporter got to Steve in the VIP gym, for Christ’s sake.  Trust me, Pepper will rest easier knowing you’re away from the public, particularly with this press conference thing coming up,” Tony pointed out, reasonably, he thought.  “Look, this whole thing is a house of cards, and I get that you wouldn’t do anything to mess it up, but we all slip, and right now, we need as few loose ends as possible.  You think these guys, the ones who’ve been doing their Electrolux routine at your front door, you think they don’t know you’re headed to an appointment tomorrow? You think they’re not looking all into your record, waiting to shout all kinds of shit at you to get a reaction?  Trust me, that’s how they play this, and they are just waiting for a shot.”
“And I am yours, Steve. But you must let me. You must let me love you, all of you, not just the parts you want to share. All of you. The part that wakes with nightmares and leaves the room so I can’t hear you gasp for air. The part that has a sketchbook filled with eight lines over and over,” Tony continued as Steve instinctively recoiled, either from the words or what they meant. There was a deep well of shame burgeoning up in the middle of his chest at the knowledge that Tony knew these things, a defensiveness snaking up his back, and he had to fight the instinct to lash out at the invasion of his privacy, but something in Tony’s expression stopped him. Guilt, yes, perhaps, but there was pain there, too. And fear. It was that which held his tongue. That, and the realization that on the heels of the anger was something a lot like relief prickling behind his eyes, making his stomach turn over, relief that Tony knew. Knew and loved him anyway.
“Man, I bet you know all about dealing with all those nutsos, huh?  You being you and all.  You must have some stories, am I right? He does, doesn’t he? I mean, this thing with the stripper.  Craziness, huh?  Vegas.  What are you going to do?  Not that I blame you.  Hell, who doesn’t want to come to Vegas and marry a stripper?  Living the dream, man, I’m telling you.  Legendary,” Estes said with a broad smile, looking over at Pepper, who was scowling, and Rhodey, who just puffed out a long breath through his cheeks and muttered something that rhymed with sass under his breath.
The man moved between Tony and Obie then, walking forward so that Obie had to fall back or end up slamming into him.  They were almost of a height, the two of them, but Obie was no soldier and this man, he seemed to have been made for war.  He was speaking again, low and hard in clipped, quick, unrecognizable words, his brows drawn into a deep frown.  He stopped once he had Obie backed nearly to the tent wall and jerked his head towards the flap where it swayed in the wind, then crossed his arms over his chest and planted his feet apart.  The posture somehow managed to make him look bigger and nearly completely block Obie from Tony’s view.
“In my defense,” Steve heard Tony’s voice call out from somewhere near their bedroom door. “I think I’m handling this very well, all things considered.”
To the clan, the man was horribly deformed, disgusting even.  It had been almost all they talked about those first few weeks.  His brow was weak. His head misshapen. His limbs too long, like branches drooping towards the ground.  His chin was small, and his nose was pointed like a bird’s beak. Pale skin and hair, like some kind of walking spirit-form.  And his eyes were the color of water.
“It is.  It really, really is,” Tony assured him, nodding.  “I mean, just look at the engine, J.  It’s based off the Lamborghini Gallardo’s.  Gets 532 horsepower.  Aluminium monocoque structural skin.  Bit like the Lotus, so it’s lighter weight, which helps your acceleration.  Zero to sixty in 3.9 seconds, according to specs.  I, uh, might have made a few minor modifications…” Tony admitted, rubbing a hand to the back of his head and glancing over at Jarvis.
“This is great, Tony,” Steve declared earnestly.  “Thank you.  You didn’t have to go to all this trouble.”
“I want everything. I want forever,” Tony rejoined, and Steve’s chest tightened like in a vice as he remembered what it had felt like to hear those words from Tony so many months ago as he had knelt on the battlefield, offering all of himself when he lacked all of the pieces to give.
Steve’s gaze moved from Mitchell’s horrified face, to Griff, standing in the door of the bedroom where he had just returned from his trip to the bathroom, to Jack, who was watching Brock, and finally, to his boyfriend, who half stood out of his seat and reached across the table to smack Mitchell upside the head and say something urgent to him that Steve couldn’t hear over the roaring in his ears.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said drolly, but let Tony pat him dry as best he could.  Tony grabbed his robe off the hook and put that on, while Steve insisted, rather impractically in Tony’s opinion, on putting his shirt and underwear back on.  All that wasted effort, Tony thought sadly.
