“I was embarrassed, ashamed, for the longest time I thought there was something wrong with me, I thought it would go away, and that if I told you...you’d hate me. And then losing Michael...I couldn't bear the thought of hurting you...either of you. And the only reason I am telling you right now is because other people know now, and I didn’t want them to find out that way.”
Suddenly Jensen’s monitor began to beep rapidly, followed by one long flat-line. A team of nurses and doctors came running in. G.M. Rachel, and the angels could only stand there, helpless, as they shocked his heart and performed C.P.R.
Dean went upstairs, but swiftly climbed out his window and down onto the roof, jumping to land just outside the living room he had just left his father standing in. He took off on foot to the sound of the neighbor dogs barking as he headed on the street.
“Me too.” he stuttered just as a thought skipped through his brain: blue eyes again, lips. His hand.
“What the hell?! Cas?! You ok? What the hell is wrong with you guys! He is one of us!” Dean yelled at his teammates.
“I’ve been thinking about it a lot lately, we both obviously can’t stand to be away from one another, and you’re basically at my house every night anyways...just say yes.” Jensen said, with a crooked smile.
Dean Winchester is reborn Jensen Ackles (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
With only an hour before the wedding, the now Tony nominated and Emmy award winning actor and his future husband, the Tony nominated and Emmy award winning writer grabbed their matching sports bags, in their matching suits, and headed out to the old ball field Jensen’s dad had built for him behind the barn.
“Is that your medical opinion, Dr. Morgan.” Misha teased. “Good thing I never gave the other pants back. Can you grab my medical kit? It’s in that box right by your leg, I think.”
“Does that include me on Line 2?” a deep sexy voice asked. There sat Jensen at Linda’s desk, the phone still held up to his ear.
“Misha. Such a nice Russian name. Well once you get dressed, be sure to come get some cake down the hall. You too, birthday boy!” Rita added before she exited the dressing room.
Feeling just like they were 18 again, they raced each other down to the field, taking their places if no time had passed, once again. Dean got right to work, digging his black dress shoe’s heel  into the clumped dirt on the pitcher’s plate. Cas, with a bat in hand, giving it a few swings before letting out a huge dramatic sigh, then banging it on home plate.
As Dean pulled away he looked out at the water, it was a beautiful night. Leaving his shirt on the ground, he stood up and removed his pants, leaving Cas speechless as eyes washed over him.
No one expected such a turn out. The main panel was sold out, throngs of fans cheering and screaming at the soon to be filled stage with their favorite characters and a certain writer that Jensen had been thinking about all morning after a very vivid dream. He had woken up achingly hard, frustrating him even more when he heard a rumor from a few crew members that Misha had started seeing some stockbroker. Jensen couldn’t think about that right now, but oh, that dream...the cool lake water, their tongues and bodies swimming around one another's, the heat of those same bodies as they laid on the dock together...
“Nope. I was just headed out. Here. Enjoy your morning.” Misha said handing over the breakfast items to a very confused Matt.
“Look at me. What do you want to do?” We can stay here, like this, or we go back, find each other just like we did before and live the life we had stolen from us.”
Dean smiled once again on cue, deep down truly gracious to each person who stopped by to see him and extended their congratulations and good luck wishes; but he hadn’t been able to concentrate since this morning. He and Cas had met up at the lake for some very early morning breakfast and some fishing off the dock, which ended in the back seat of his car.
“I know it says Thanksgiving, but I figured it was still ok. Seems Rachel makes it for friends so, it has to be good!” Castiel declared.
Dean shook his head, “Like I said I was there, as in I was right there,” he said pointing at a spot near the bed, ...the whole time. I could see and hear everything.” Dean didn’t say another word, as he leaned on his forearms across his knees, his face now closer to the stunned seraph before him.
“When did 35 years become less than 6 hours?” Uriel asked, taking Jensen’s hand in his. “We wronged them again.”
“Good Morning Mr. Ackles, how can I help you?” the young lady asked, her cheeks a little flush from just the sight of him.
“Yes,” Cas continued. “Just like a vacation, and I promise, I will be back. Ok? Now, how about I sing you your favorite song and tuck you back in just the way you like it, snug as a bug in a rug. Does that sound good?”
Castiel collapsed next to him, a guttural cry emitted from deep within him. This couldn’t be. He begged for it to be a some sort of dream, a trick...no reality was ever to exist that Dean Winchester was not alive in. Castiel ran his fingers gently over Dean’s eyes, closing them before laying his forehead against his, his sobs uncontrollable. Lifting up on to his elbows, Castiel looked over him once more for any sort of sign of life before placing a shaky kiss between Dean’s furrowed brows...even in death.
Misha moved quickly,  trapping Jensen’s perfect face between his hands, taking just a moment to admire those green eyes that haunted his dreams every night, before plunging his tongue deep between those inviting lips, swirling his tongue around his, tasting the shared red wine. Jensen let out a moan, arching upwards, opening himself to Misha’s lips as they made their way down his neck, nipping at sucking at his pulse points, before hovering his warm breath over Jensen’s peaked  exposed nipple, slipping it into his mouth, then giving it a hard, popping suck. Misha pulled his shirt off, desperate for skin to skin contact, their hips grinding together, as feverish kisses were passed back and forth.
“I get that, but I just don’t think it would be the same! Cas, I love you. I wanted so badly to grow old with you, have a family...all the things we can’t do here.” Dean pulled Cas’s hand to his heart, as a tear fell from his eye, “I found you once James Castiel Novak, I will find you again. ” he whispered.
“Hi Castiel, whatcha doing?” she greeted, moving to stand next to him. That is when she saw it. She swallowed, quickly placing a look of admiration and joy on her face as she ran her finger down the bowl, across each layer, pausing for just a moment on the warm layer near the top. “Did you make this for dinner?”
Cas nodded then got out of the car to follow Dean out to the bank of the lake where he threw down a blanket and plopped down on it, and opened the basket.
“Would you shut up, I was not going to go into details, all I was going to say was it was not...THIS.”
Minutes before reaching Bobby’s house, the Impala careened off of the road down an embankment...landing upside down.
“Hell no.” Misha said, pulling a slice of greasy pizza from the box. “But if you compare their stats this year to those two years they took it all the way, they stand a really good chance and I need the money. I thought for sure I had missed the entire game...but I know, we need to talk.”
As Misha began to walk them through the script with a few members of the writing team by his side, Balthazar and Uriel entered the room. Uriel took his stance behind Misha’s chair, while Balthazar leaned against the wall directly behind Jensen.
Jensen Ackles, the 7-time Daytime Emmy recipient for Best Actor on the ever popular daytime soap opera After the Storm groans at the sounds that have interrupted his slumber.
“No. My dad got me a spot at that place soon, and I can’t get a hold of Novak. He’s not answering. Coach we are going to have to leave tonight, and I don’t know what to do!”
Jensen opened his dressing room, closing the door quickly and quietly, only to find a strange man he had never seen before standing there in only bright orange underwear. He was handsome, blue eyes that pierced through the disheveled black mane of hair, and from the look of those snug boxer briefs, he had a lot to offer.
Jensen lifted his hands up to cup Misha’s now hanging face, wiping away a few more stray tears with the pads of thumbs. Misha reflexively kissed at each one lightly as they neared his lips. Jensen moved in slowly, timidly, his hands pulling Misha’s lips towards his, sharing a breath for a moment, eyes closed.
“Hi.” The blue eyed man said as he continued shuffling the arm load of items. “I know it’s late. And I didn’t call, but I didn’t have your cell number, but I did have your address from the birthday muffins, so I took a chance and brought you pizza, beer, and work that still needs finished...not that I am asking YOU to finish it or anything.” he rambled, clearing of his throat loudly.
“I think this should fit?” she said to the man when she noticed they were no longer alone. “Jensen! Sweetheart! Happy Birthday! What are you doing here so early? Did you meet Mr. Collins? Poor thing dumped hot oatmeal all over himself.”
Once Misha was stabilized, the doctor asked Rachel and G.M. to let them rest, sending them down to the cafeteria for some dinner before it closed.
"Hey. Hey. Hey. Take it easy." Dean cooed, helping his bloodied friend to his feet, guiding him to a park bench nearby. Checking his wounds, Cas grimaced, pulling away from him in an attempt to save himself from the pure humiliation he was feeling.
The way they fit together so well. Jensen finding that perfect groove between Misha’s thick muscular thighs, his growing erection rubbing gingerly against his own as the intensity of their kiss left them both breathless. The sound of Yankee Stadium’s victory celebration continued to roar through the television’s speakers, as they looked deep into each other’s eyes, both seeming to search once again for an answer that neither knew the question to. But this was different, this moment, this kiss, them like this together.
“Jensen, look at me. Whatever you think is happening...you’re not getting rid of me that easily. Ok? I.” he said, reaching around to gently grip the thick hair at the base of Jensen’s neck and pulling him in for a much needed, and comforting kiss.
“So beautiful.” he murmured, before dropping down to his knees between Jensen’s legs, kissing his way up the inside of Jensen’s thighs, leaving tiny little love marks on his tender skin.
Sam nodded to his brother, giving Castiel a comforting pat on the shoulder as he headed back towards his room.
They both raced over to their backpacks and pulled out their gloves, Dean dug down into his bag to retrieve a ball, then both retreated back to the field, to play a little catch. Castiel went and stood over home plate, signaling Dean to climb back up onto that mound. Dean instinctively started kicking the heel of his sneakers into the dirt to dig up and reveal the buried pitcher's plate, pressing his foot into it til it was just right.
“We got him back.” the doctor said with relief before rattling off another long list of of tests to run, and an order for medications. He finally turned to the anxious guests in the room. “We got his heart restarted. He is still breathing on his own, but we may need to put him on a ventilator if his oxygen levels get any lower. I promise, my team and I will continue doing everything we can for them, I’ve just never seen rapid deterioration like this in such healthy patients.”
“Not much? How about not at all.” Misha responded, as he filled two wine glasses of chillable red from the spout, handing one to Jensen.
A few weeks passed and it was finally game day: State Championships. The small town had decorated the surrounding areas with signs, balloons, ribbons, and plenty of pictures of their town hero,Dean Winchester. A parade was being held in the team’s honor in an hour, and Dean was as usual, running late. The sound of pebbles hitting his window caught his attention as he pulled on his shirt. He opened his window and saw those magnificent blue eyes looking back at him as he let out a boisterous laugh.
The only person they trusted enough to tell was Bobby Singer, who immediately rang up an old high school friend and told him about their situation. Rufus Turner had moved to California from Kansas years ago, and opened a bar, and was willing to take in the boys, give them jobs and a room til they got settled. Between the both of them, they had enough money to get them there...and of course Bobby gave them what he called a loan, that could only be paid back by helping him clean up the baseball stadium for the summer seeding, in addition to phone calls from California at least once a week, letting him know they were ok.
“Hi, I am Lisa Braeden, Dean’s girlfriend.” she chirped offering her hand to shake. “Congratulations.”
Misha’s eyes pooled with tears, his lips were moving but nothing was coming out until his voice finally found the words he so desperately wanted to say.
Gabriel could barely comprehend what had just happened, much less call out for help before both patients shot up in their beds, hands still intertwined, wide eyed and gasping for air.
“Don’t be stupid boy. You’re sick, and as long as you live under this roof, it’s my job as your father...”
Standing there looking like he was straight off a GQ magazine cover with a single red rose in his hand was the man who left him heartbroken and outed him to the entire world for his own benefit, Dylan Winters.
“No son. I just wanted to tell you how proud your mother and I are of you, and the progress you have made these last few weeks, making it right with both God and Lisa.
As the plane landed in the early hours in Sin City, Jensen nudged Rachel awake who had curled up around his arms with her giant sunglasses and a old Hollywood style silk scarf over her head For the last 2 hours he could feel Misha’s stare from across the aisle, but never once did he acknowledge it. The truth was he knew he would give in if he looked over at his sleepy hair and scruff...and those blue eyes. He wasn’t even sure if he was really still mad about what happened that night anymore, but the hurt, new and old hurt he had experienced in relationships seemed to paralyze him from moving past it. He had to focus, he was going to be meeting his new co-star today at a surprise reveal during the main panel planned that afternoon. Having internet stalked him extensively before today, he knew that Matt Cohen was a well known theatre actor who was making the cross over into television, and was devilishly good looking. There had been many rumors regarding his sexuality also, having been seen out with the biggest of starlets in Hollywood, but never seeming to settle down or last long in any of his rumored affairs.
“Oh what a bunch of bullshit, Uriel!” Balthazar exclaimed, as he undid the wheel locks on Misha’s bed, and against all the rules once again, pushing Misha’s bed towards Jensen’s bed.
“Cas, does this look like I made this for Lisa? Let’s see: Pringles, Cheese Whiz... which is disgusting I might add, and Dr. Pepper. All your favorite awful foods.”
It was perfect. All things Dean loved. Minus the fruit of course, but still! Most pies have fruit in it! This says trifle though. No! This is what he said he wanted! Castiel had hoped all along he would find something personal, something that would let Dean know how much he cared. Their relationship had changed in the last few months since Michael died. Mentally. Physically. A sweetness. A softness. A fondness. A touch. A smile. A stolen whisky induced moment in a shadow just outside Dean’s door, that even he was not sure he even remembered. Cas could feel a flush fall over him, before he headed up the stairs to the store.
Cas? Oh God. He probably doesn’t even remember what happened either! But oh, the delicious warmth of his chest, so inviting, feeling himself plumping once again as Jensen cupped one of his ass cheeks, pulling him closer against him.
Dean returned to his guests, making his family quite happy. As he looked around, he knew this would be the last time he would see most of them. Lisa and her family arrived soon after, and Dean played along just as he had promised Cas, her arm laced through his once felt so natural, now felt more sinful than anything written in the Good Book. Dean would intermittently run back into the house to call Cas again, but still no answer.
The days leading up to the big day were spent on Jensen’s family farm in Kansas,  lazily swaying in an old soft cotton hammock wrapped around one another, visiting people and places they never thought they would see again...and saying the goodbyes they were never given the chance to say. Now standing over Coach Bobby Singer’s grave, Cas gripped Dean’s hand a little tighter. Here lies the man who accepted them before they had even truly accepted themselves, who believed in love above all. Tears began to trickle down both of their cheeks.
“We can’t do this. I….can’t do this.” Cas was starting to crumble. He pulled off his glove and pushed it back down in his backpack, slinging it over his shoulders as he walked hastily back towards the field maintenance equipment and trash.
“That you got drunk at the hotel bar, got escorted out, and fucked Matt Cohen in your room? Yeah. I already know…”
Misha explained that Jensen had been gone a couple weeks on a press tour, appearing on all the local morning and late night shows, some national, which was great for the show as they prepared for the Emmy's.
“Damn.That box wine really is good.” he responded as if not to be listening, opening up the fridge to get some more.
Castiel nodded, his face left facing the floor. “ Wait, Dean? I just want you to know we will fix this, all of this. I am just so glad you are OK and I just want you to know…”
“I am leaving tomorrow Cas! My dad got me a spot for an earlier camp and you were nowhere to be found, and I don’t want to leave you, but I can’t…..”
Getting out of the shower first, Jensen returned to the bedroom to the sound of Misha’s phone ringing. Looking at the screen, he noticed 10 previous missed calls from the network and answered it.
"What? Watch the fucking game man! Put all this shit down." He demanded, picking the pile of papers upland plopping it down on the coffee table.
Dean sat up and wrapped his arms around Cas, hugging him with every bit of strength he had in him. “Me too.”
“Fine! The truth is, I just got out of rehab and I am just trying to make amends! I hurt a lot of people but the way I hurt you…”
Bobby Singer finally arrived, Dean ran to meet him in his car. Just the sight of him relieved a small bit of the pressure that had built within his chest since he got the news.
Cas Novak is reborn as Misha Collins (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
“You Are My Sunshine...do you know that one? It relaxes me” G.M said before beginning to sing it aloud. “Sing it with me Collins.”
Reality flushed over him. Dean was being taken away from everyone he loved, away from the only place he had ever called home, and worst of all, away from the game. Cas’s heart ached with love and guilt. He loved him more than he could love anyone else, and when he thought about his plan now, it seemed nothing less than....selfish.
Castiel’s voice growled from his lungs in short bursts, “No. No. Nothing...nothing about...any of this...OK? OK? Dean, you were, you were….”
“And what? Dean interrupted, “Still be miserable? Still be alone? Pretending to be something I wasn’t? Living a lie every single day for the rest of my life? You listen to me now James Novak, I would rather spend an eternity working at a bar with you, than one more day like THIS. One more day where I can’t talk to you without raising suspicion, or worry that someone saw or didn't see. One more day that I can’t hold you in my arms or kiss you whenever I want. And I won't spend one more day feeling scared… all the time.”
As Misha moved towards the door, he handed Jensen his $100 bill back and he slid on his coat, looking down at his watch. “Ooo. I have to go. I have a meeting to get to. It was very nice to finally meet you Jensen. Happy Birthday.”
Misha went back to office, trembling a bit. The stress on him was feeling insurmountable, but he knew deep down he could turn this show around. He made himself a large mug of hot tea, and made his way over to his desk, when he tripped on one of the many still unpacked boxes, spilling the tea down the front of him
“My head is fucking killing me. You got anything for me to take?” he growled, before plopping down on the edge of the bed.
“I am leaving tomorrow Cas! My dad got me a spot for an earlier camp and you were nowhere to be found, and I don’t want to leave you, but I can’t…..”
Cas smiled kissing Dean’s hand once again, “Yes, I have. But Dean, I have always known I was... gay. Never had anyone to tell that too til now..., although I suspect my mom knows. Being an army brat meant I moved around a lot, it was easier to hide, and it gets lonely...”
Dean continued to rotate the shoulder joint, then moved his hand over the muscles surrounding it. Cas’s eyes closed, as the pain began to subside, letting out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. He opened his eyes slowly, finding Dean looking deep into his. Neither seemed able to look away, they just stood there, surrounded by dusty old sports equipment, and a single beam of sunlight let in by the ajar metal door. Dean’s hand had stopped moving over Cas’s shoulder at some point; it now just gripped it, tightly. Neither would remember how it exactly happened, who initiated it, who’s lips touched who’s first, just that it happened. It was soft, slow, and lasted a perfect amount of time. Neither could say who pulled away fist, just that it ended with Dean placing one last gentle kiss on Cas’s still exposed shoulder, before turning, and exiting the shed, with only the sound of their racing pulses in their ears, and the clicking of Dean’s cleats on the concrete floor.
Cas Novak is reborn as Misha Collins (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
“Your confusion son. It’s what they do, they help boys and girls just like yourself. Father said it’s real nice, you’ll only be gone a few weeks. You won’t miss any college sessions, and you’ll come home before you know it, and everything will be right as rain again.”
Castiel’s eyes warmed and brightened, watching him take bite after bite, wiping the bits of whip cream and meat haphazardly from his face with the back of his hand. Castiel began to laugh, instinctively reaching toward him and wiping a bit he had missed with the tip of his finger; but nothing could have prepared him for what happened next. Dean grabbed his hand, bringing it back towards his face, before gently sucking the stray food clean from Castiel’s fingertip. His breath hitched, from the sensation of the sudden heat and cool of Dean’s delicious mouth as it moved on then off his skin. With their eyes still locked on one another, Dean took another bite, a messy one, but this time, he didn’t even attempt to wipe it away, he just moved closer. Still holding Castiel’s hand in his, he lowered his lips towards his, whispering against his cheek, “Do I have anything on my face?” Returning to look deep into those cobalt eyes. Castiel looked at his lips, noticing a small blob of the trifle in the corner of his mouth, and another just below his thick lower lip on his chin. He attempted to pull his hand from his, only to be met with resistance, as Dean shook his head “no” and moved even closer, pressing Castiel’s hips against the counter-top. Castiel pressed back, as he slowly, delicately, dragged his tongue along Dean’s chin before moving upwards towards his mouth, hesitating for just a moment, before pressing the tip against his lips, lapping at the creamy area till it was clean, before delving his tongue deep within Dean’ accepting mouth, lazily swirling his tongue around his, tasting him and the dessert before their lips fell away from one another, leaving each one breathless.
“NO Dean!” he responded, pulling away. “We finally did it! We were finally free, and they just took it all away! We can’t be dead! We can’t be!”
They suddenly realized how close they had slowly moved towards one another, sending both into a bit of panic, looking around.
“He says you will do no such thing.” Balthazar said. “But he does have a counter offer. Being that it's too late to send you back to your previous lives since your funerals have now already taken place, he has agreed to either let you stay in heaven or be reincarnated under certain conditions.”
Popping open another bottle of champagne with a cigar dangling from his lips, G.M. sat back on the couch next to his favorite new head writer, and members of the cast and crew. He refilled their glasses as he told stories of his days as a  big soap opera star, and other stories of not so star-like moments,  like playing a mute waiter on a telenovela after lying on his resume that he was fluent in Spanish. . Misha smiled, laughing politely at his bosses tales, while his focus kept drifting to the green eyed man who sat across from him, all in black, his shirt unbutton just so, embarrassed by the teenage-like thirst he was feeling for him. Jensen, sitting next to Matt across from him couldn’t help but notice the way Misha had been nibbling nervously on his pillow bottom lip, wearing that crisp blue long sleeve shirt that was secretly Jensen’s favorite on him because of the way it brought out those perfect cobalt blue eyes,
“What is this? What are we doing Jensen?! It’s like we’ve started in the middle of a relationship, I barely know anything about you, yet here we are...drunken car sex, making out like crazed teenagers in front of my boss and I’m technically YOUR boss for God’s sakes! But then there's this unexplainable thing between us, it’s like we’ve, I know it sounds crazy but it’s like…”
“Cause I do. I knew who you were from the moment I walked into this school. It’s all they could talk about. I was registering for classes under a picture of you in the office. I knew more about you in 15 minutes in the principal's office when I mentioned I was a baseball player than I knew about ANY of the boys I had ever met or played with over the last 10 years. You are THE Dean Winchester. Kansas’ diamond in the rough, and you are pissing it all away so you can run off with me and do what? Huh? Work at a bar in California? Are you fucking kidding me? This is all my fault….this was all my idea….and all my fault and I am not going to let you do this Dean, I can’t. I will never, ever, be able to forgive myself. If only my family had never moved to this God forsaken town you would still be going to Kansas State and...”
Cas Novak is reborn as Misha Collins  (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
“Jesus, Dean! After all these years, STILL with the ‘it’s gotta be perfect’ shit! Get on with it! We don’t have all day!” Cas squaked with a smile.
Jensen found himself back at his apartment, pacing like a teenage girl; why hadn’t he called yet? It had been hours. Everything between them had been moving so quickly, so fast that neither had even seemed to notice. Misha was right. It was like they were just suddenly together, drawn to one another like moths to a flame, a very hot fiery flame that neither could explain or resist.
“Hey! You came over here for a reason, and I am not sure what that was, but I’m sure as hell not letting you leave until you hear me out!” Jensen demanded.
“Mine.” he gloated, nosing at his sack, taking it into his mouth, before finally making his way up Jensen’s shaft with the tip of his tongue.
Later that night Sam awoke, and headed towards the kitchen for a glass of water; finding Dean standing in front of the fridge with the door wide open. Sam shuffled in, grabbing a glass from the cupboard.
Cas let out a sigh, squeezing his palms together between his knees. “There is a very good chance they are on their way here now.”
The two men looked around the room, then down at their bodies covered in medical wires, and finally at one another.
“You are making a HUGE mistake Mr. Collins. I will call G.M. myself and see what he has to say about you.” Dylan snarled as he made his way to the door.
“And? All you have to say is And? Jensen had called Misha that, and that means he is Misha’s brother, or Cas's brother... family bonds are strong...he has to remember!”
The lingering glances Jensen and Misha had been trading up to this point suddenly became tense stares. Novak? Why did that sound familiar? Wasn’t that the name Jensen called him when they were arguing in his office?
Misha had dreamt of a producer and head writer his entire life. His initial dreams were of Broadway, but his flair for love stories and poetry led to countless writing awards, and a scholarship to Kansas State University, where he was made Editor and Chief of the renowned newspaper. But after graduation, he found himself in a revolving door of freelance jobs, eventually leading to him to writing a romance novel called, I’ll Just Wait Here Then, which did terribly in book sales, but caught the eye of a producer in California who was looking for a writer for a 30 minute day time soap opera. Ratings went through the roof after he was hired, and it eventually led him to this very moment, when his phone rang.
Cas Novak is reborn as Misha Collins (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
“ I know you have, and I just got some great news. The camp just called to tell me they had a cancellation this weekend and you are leaving tomorrow instead.”
I have always wanted to write about reincarnation. I can only hope you enjoy it as much as I have writing it. <3
Giving Jensen another long, soft kiss, Misha rested his forehead on his. “I missed you so much. I hated every minute being apart from you.”
“Maybe I should just stick to cold food and drinks while I am at work...ouch.” he flinched, running his thumb over his thigh.
"Jensen, I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am, and that what I did to you was so wrong.” Dylan said, moving closer to Jensen on the coach. “I know I can’t ask you to forget what I did, but I hope you will consider forgiving me someday.” he said softly, his hand moving on to Jensen’s knee.
“I love you Dean.” Cas blurted. But Dean didn’t respond. He just sat there, quietly moving the cheese whiz nozzle over a single Pringle between two fingers.
“I lose my medical license, break up with my girlfriend, and run for office?! Are you fucking kidding me with this bullshit?” Jensen howled.
“Well, oldest brother Michael died in Vietnam and I don’t remember him at all, but my middle brother James, who we called Cas, was killed in a car crash during a huge storm. Weird thing is I have this memory of him saying goodbye to me before he left, he was leaving with this other guy...a friend of his...what the hell was his name...Dean! Played baseball together. He died in the accident too.”
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE AU VERSIONS BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
Misha let out a grunt, bringing their attention back to the patients. G.M. ran to his side, taking his hand, as his blue eyes fluttered open.
Misha’s head was swimming with surprise and familiarity as his need to deepen the kiss forced his hands to drop the pants he was in the middle of pulling up. Gripping two fist fulls of Jensen’s shirt, he groaned against his lips as he pulled him even more impossibly close, close enough to make the two of them very aware of Misha’s state of undress. As their lips fell away from one another, they also became very aware they were not alone.
As their lips fell apart from one another, Cas looked deeply into his eyes and simply said, “Let’s go.”
Matt leaned in closer to Jensen, placing his arm around the back of the loveseat they shared, giving Jensen a quick wink before looking back to G.M. and letting out another exaggerated laugh before asking a question.
“I never meant to leave you...Gabriel.” he said softly, just as his body started to shake violently.
“I need to kiss you. Now. So hurry up.” Dean instructed as he picked up the handles of the wheelbarrow and walked off, heading towards the equipment shed.
“Dean. Stop. I’m going with you.” Cas stated as he walked towards his closet, pulling a large already packed suitcase from it. “I’m ready.”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to…I’m fine.” Misha said as he tried to take a step back, but Dean didn’t let go. Instead, Jensen’s grip grew tighter around his upper arms, pulling him even closer. Those clover green eyes were locked on him again, shifting back and forth, seeming to search for an answer on his face.
He felt a gentle nod and gave Dean a wink as Cas carried him out of the room to the sounds of his deep, baritone voice singing, “You are My Sunshine” softly into the little boy's ear.
Home from the last day of the convention, Jensen crawled into his bed, not even bothering to pull the sheets and blankets back. Having tried several times to contact Misha with no answer, he laid his phone on the pillow next to him, willing it to ring.  The thought of Misha finding Matt on the other side of the door made him physically cringe. It was late. Grabbing his phone, he sent him one final text.
“Ok!” he yelled back breathless, as Cas moved his affections down his neck, nibbling and nipping at his skin.
Matt peeked out from the curtain at the waiting crowd. “Na, live crowd has always been my thing till now. Kinda turns me on.” he said with a wink.
The story starts again. I truly hope if you have read this story up till now, you will continue. The main characters have chosen reincarnation, with the hopes of finding love with one another again, and living the life they deserve.
“I was wondering if I could get an autograph. I’m a huge fan.” Cas joked holding up one of the posters the town had made with Dean’s face plastered on it.
“You’re a stripper, right? For my birthday? Gotta say, they did good. Real good actually. Definitely my type. And on any other day I would make you work hard for every single dollar bill, but I have a big day meeting my new boss and I really need to get ready and make a good first impression. So if you’ll excuse me.” Jensen instructed, handing the man a $100 bill from his wallet as he moved towards the couch to set his stuff down.
“You’re Goddamn right I’m still mad, you son of a bitch! I TRUSTED YOU! AND YOU FUCKING KNEW I WASN’T READY MAN, I HADEN’T EVEN TOLD MY MOTHER YET,  AND YOU OUTED ME TO THE WORLD! THE WORLD, DYLAN! ”
“Quite a welcome indeed! Congratulations on all the nominations, seems I have hit some sort of  gig lottery!” he said with a smile.
Within the hour, the storm hung over the city, crashes of lightning and thunder filled his dark room. Everyone was asleep, and it was time to go. Jump starting his car, he pulled out in a hurry, never looking back, and headed towards Cas’s house. The sheets of rain were making visibility more and more difficult. Dean had to drive slower than he hoped, as his windshield wipers were losing the battle. He finally arrived, pulling his hood over his head, he ran out of the car, bypassing the door and climbing straight up the tree that he had before, and pounded on Monty’s window. No answer. How could this be happening? Where the hell was he? Dean tried one more time, and was stunned when Castiel’s sleepy face appeared in the window. He pushed his window open, the rain poured in along with Dean.
Jensen huffed out of his office, unknowingly passing by their guardian angels, shocked that anyone on this set would speak to him like this, much less some new guy.
“Yeah, but those can get infected real easily. You need to keep it dry, don’t pop it.” Jensen added.
After a long goodbye, Dean pulled into his driveway. He looked down at his watch and cursed, he was for sure going to get in trouble for this. He wanted so much to be back on that old lake dock, bathed in the moon’s light, in Cas’s arms, content. Turning his key ever so slowly, he tiptoed into the house, placing his foot on the second step to avoid the squeaky first one, when a lamp clicked over, illuminating the living room; it was his father.
Cas took a few more practice swings, before calling his shot once again, pointing his bat towards the centerfield sky.
“We'll talk tomorrow. Go do what whatever it is you need to do, Mish. Good night.” Jensen said softly with a grin, before turning back towards the elevator.
Jensen gave him one final nod and smile, as he made his way out. Misha ran his hands through his hair, desperate to focus on anything other than the way Jensen’s tongue pushes against his front teeth in the cutest way when he smiles. Taking one big deep breath in, he finally picked up the phone to take the call.
“Me too.” Dean replied with a small grin, before Cas pulled him back into his arms. “Never, ever, letting you go.” he whispered.“Can I stay here tonight, Jimmy?”
“Don’t. Ok? It’s not even close to being the  weirdest thing he’s ever told me...Cas. I’m good.” Rachel retorted with a hint of a smile.
“Cas, Cas, Cas, wait. I want this, whatever this is, I really, really do, but we are both covered in the insides of every monster we have ever killed. I want it to be special, never had that...I don't think either of us have, so instead will you join me?” Dean propositioned, motioning towards the bathroom as he shucked Cas’ trench coat off him, letting it settle in a puddle on the floor. Dean gave Cas' loosely hung tie a tug as he turned and lead the way. Cas began to follow, but suddenly became hesitant, his erratic foot pattern on the concrete floor alerted Dean.
G.M. wrapped his arm around him and began to sway as Misha joined in with the lyrics he could remember...surprised that he knew a lot more than he thought. G.M.froze as Misha continued, stopping only when he saw the look in G.M’s eyes.
As their lips fell apart from one another, Cas looked deeply into his eyes and simply said, “Let’s go.”
Cas’s bones gave out, falling to his knees. ”What's going to happen to Gabriel, my parents? They just buried Michael, and now…”
Coach Bobby Singer looked out in the same direction as Dean. “Maybe.” he said with a smile. Dean’s eyes were fixated on Cas when Cas noticed him, giving him an awkward wave with his gloved hand, before the crack of the bat pulled his focus back to the field. Dean smiled, and headed over to them. Time to win a championship.
Dean smiled once again on cue, deep down truly gracious to each person who stopped by to see him and extended their congratulations and good luck wishes; but he hadn’t been able to concentrate since this morning. He and Cas had met up at the lake for some very early morning breakfast and some fishing off the dock, which ended in the back seat of his car.
Cas couldn’t help but smile. He too was also feeling that urgent need to be close to him as soon as possible, but to hear him say that sent shivers down his spine as he picked up the remaining items to be disposed of and picked up the pace to the equipment shed.
Dean removed his pants, tossing them to join his shirt in the trash can, sighing with his entire body, “You didn't think I heard did you? Told you, I saw, and heard everything."
“See, that’s the thing son, she was very specific, she said you broke up with her for a teammate of yours who is rumored to be a homosexual. Dean, why would she tell us that?”
Dean climbed the stairs of his house and went into his room, finding a large suitcase almost fully packed on his bed, his laundry basket full of clean clothes, sitting next to it. Instead of moving them to sit down, he knelt down in front of it, clasped his hands together, and began to pray.
“Don’t worry about it right now. Get some rest.” Cas reached up to kiss him on the cheek before returning to lay his head in the crook of Dean’'s arm.
“Have you ever actually seen the show? My character is a doctor! He has always been a doctor! It’s what I am known for on this show. And he finally gets the girl he loves, and you just want to throw it all away to make him what? Some sort of bisexual politician?”
Dylan and Jensen’s voices were so loud, it was apparent that neither heard the door until it opened, Misha calling out Jensen’s name as he entered the open apartment.
"So what if he is? HUH? Does it really fucking matter? He’s the one who got us here asshole! And so help me God if ANY OF YOU lays another hand on him, you will have me to deal with. Understood?!"
Jensen, without another word, jumped up with a curse and ran out the door barefoot, holding on to only his towel.
“Dean. If we get the call, if the adoption goes through, and we get him...Robert, Bobby,...is a good name.”
Misha awoke to the deadly bright light of the sun shining into the back window of the car. Each ray seemed to amplify the painful throbbing he felt inside his head. For a minute, he wasn't even sure where he was or what had happened, but was quickly reminded when he looked down at the half naked man underneath him, and a bit of dried evidence between his fingers. He took a quick glance at his watch and saw the time: there was only little more than an hour til the big meeting. Reaching down to pick up his phone off the backseat floor mat he saw it: 22 missed calls. 17 text messages.
“Well son, you know those leading men can be real heartbreakers. And according to Soap Opera Digest, Jensen had quite the public break up."
He looks at his phone which reads, “Mom”. He answers, just as she begins to sing Happy Birthday to him in Spanish, just like she has every other birthday.
“And now for the best part.” Castiel revealed with a wink to Sam as he spooned a thick layer of ground beef mixed with what looked to be mixed with peas and onions?
“Please don’t be mad at me. I’ve had a lot to drink, and maybe I shouldn’t  have said that to you, but I do...I miss you every day, every minute, with every fiber of my being... like a piece of me has been torn away. And hearing G.M. say those names tonight, the names you and I have BOTH said to one another, and that story about his brother...what was that? What is THIS? Still deja-vu? Now it’s a coincidence? These months, being away from you, giving you space... it’s been killing me.” he wept.
Months flew by. Their relationship after that night on the couch became strained, almost nonexistent. Misha tried so many times to talk to him about what happened but Jensen was all business, rebuking every attempt he made to talk alone. Rachel shared a tidbit about Jensen’s psyche over a drink one night about his history of not so nice people, and how he had been cheated on in the past. The show was the only thing going well: ratings were up, and the updated storyline, along with the changes made directly to Jensen’s character were being reviewed as ground breaking in their line of entertainment. There was buzz about the upcoming fan convention at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada. Meet and Greets with its main stars were sold out, along with photo opportunities and panels. Misha himself was even going to have a panel with the actors to discuss the forward thinking writing that was getting Emmy talks along with it’s leading actor, but the main topic would for sure be the recent casting of a male character who was set to play a new love interest for Jensen’s character.
Cas was without words as he looked at the old man standing in front of him in a whole new light. Those dimples and soft green eyes.
“What’s all this?” Sam looked around at all the materials laid out in individual bowls “I finally found something Dean wanted for Christmas. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it first. Dessert!” Castiel announced proud as a peacock. “It's this pie or trifle thing that I overheard him talking about that he saw someone named Rachel make on a show or her show. He couldn’t stop talking about it!”
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
“Dean? Dean!” Castiel turned him to lie on his back on the bed once more, placing his hands over him, his eyes brightening as his hands moved quickly over the eldest Winchester.
“Hold up. You're telling me THE Dean Winchester, the Golden Boy of Lawrence, Kansas can’t pitch a ball if a cute boy is smiling at him? How in the hell did we beat Bakersfield?”
“Get in my office, right now!” was all Misha could vocalize, grabbing a handful of Jensen’s ass as he walked by him.
Misha went right into business mode, schmoozing with other executives, and apologizing for his tardiness. G.M. officially introduced the new executive producer and head writer to everyone in attendance to thunderous applause, and scripts were handed out to peruse at the extravagant breakfast buffet that had been prepared. G.M. carried on and on the entire time, sometimes even with a mouth full of eggs about how he was up most the night reading and re-reading the new script, amazed by how truly revolutionary this show would now be when compared to the others in the genre of the daytime television with the hopes of connecting with audiences of all ages.
Cas swam out into the lake a bit before he surfaced, screaming out in shock from the water’s cold temperature. He looked around. Dean was nowhere to be found. He began to panic. Had he done something wrong? Was this all too much too soon? Suddenly a rush of water startled him from below. Dean surfaced, one arm gripping Cas around his waist.
“AAAAHHHHHHHH!” Cas screamed, silenced by Dean’s open hand over his mouth seconds later. Cas shook with fear, but calmed when his eyes adjusted on those very familiar green eyes. Dean pulled his hand away, and closed the door.
The first day of the convention was a success. Tomorrow would be filled with individual panels, photo opportunities, and autographs; but tonight would be filled with the biggest party on the Las Vegas Strip as the cast and crew celebrated the Emmy nominations on the dime of their network. G.M. went all out, from the champagne to the decadent foods and swag bags that included thousands of dollars worth of merchandise.
“The strange thing was, even though it wasn’t how I hoped we would meet, but there was something so...familiar about him, like we had met before.”
Laying back on the couch together, enjoying the closeness and endless post coital kisses, Jensen took out his phone, and took a selfie of them, Misha’s head resting just under Jensen’s chin.
“Ugh! Mrs. Ackles, now YOU are the one making me feel old! That birthday song was for you too, Misha.”
Castiel helped him to his feet, squeezing him with all his might before carefully perching him on the end of the bed. Dean’s eyes were fully focused on Cas, until he saw the condition of the room.
When Cas returned, he found Dean sitting on his bed, head in hands. Dean stood up, and before he could say anything, Cas s kissed away every doubt filled speech he had drummed up they had been apart.
“I just thought it was so perfect, everything you like...but he’s right, I should have known that meat and peas and ...”
There stood Jensen shirtless, face to face with another man, both heated from shouting at one another.
Misha was left speechless by how dismissive Jensen seemed about the whole thing. But then again, he was right, there wasn’t any time right now to discuss it, they couldn’t be late.
“Dead.” Dean answered, his eyes distant, his head bobbing in agreeance before finding Castiel’s eyes once again. “I was dead. I remember. I was there.”
“Perfect. Just like I said.” he stated as he moved to thread both arms under Castiel’s trench coat, pulling him in once more...for another taste.
“Me too.” Cas said back, standing up and brushing his knees off with  hands with a smile on his face.
Reaching the window he looked in. Dammit, he wasn’t in there. He pulled at the window and it opened to his relief.. He climbed in, moving slowly towards Cas’s open bedroom door when Cas himself walked in to him with only a towel on.
The crack of a bat interrupted them both, as they both moved towards the dugout fence to see Dean circle the bases with the crowd on their feet. The team met him at the plate to celebrate. Dean pulled Cas in for a hug, surprised to find him so cold, and unreceptive. Cas’s eyes were on Benny, who motioned a limp wrist towards him before letting out a howl with the rest of his teammates.
Practice went as usual, the team looked good, real good, and Coach Singer seemed confident in his speech that this team had a real good chance against the reigning champs. As the team dispersed back to the locker rooms, Coach Singer pulled Dean aside.
“Wait. Are you Misha Collins the Executive Producer of After the Storm? Wow, it’s a real pleasure to finally meet you. I actually spoke to your secretary this morning. My name is Dylan Winters…”
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
“So I messed it up?” Castiel asked from the kitchen doorway,  his voice a bit shaky, startling both brothers. “I ruined your gift?”
“Please don’t get all dirty you two. I don’t know why you have to do this today” Jensen’s mom hollered at them as the old screen door to the house slammed shut.
Dean was trembling at this point as he ran back in, pulling on his gown as he dialed Cas’s number once again. No answer.
“No, you don’t, you couldn’t! Because narcissistic assholes like yourself don’t think about ANYONE but themselves.” Jensen bellowed. “You not only tried to ruin my career, but then I found out you were cheating on me the entire time we were together!”
Dean ran over to his bag to put his glove and ball away, then jogged towards Cas to catch up with him.
Cas Novak is reborn as Misha Collins (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
Back in the locker room, Cas packed up quickly as the rest of the team celebrated their victory that clinched the Hawkeye’s spot in the state championship game in two weeks. His heartbeat thumped wildly in his ears, his nerves about what happened in the dugout with Benny was getting the best of him as he made his way to the door. Was Benny right? Did everyone think that? Did Dean? As he pushed his way through the double doors, he found four of his teammates, drinking from a couple bottles wrapped in brown paper. The door slammed closed behind him.
“Now Dean, calm down, and take a deep breath. It’s all going to be ok. Go back in, I will be right back.” Bobby promised as he drove away.
Jensen realized he missed a lot more than he thought while admiring those exquisite thighs of his. He couldn’t let on.
“Dylan, people who do what you tried to do to this man’s career have no place on my set. I commend you for getting the help you needed and I wish you nothing but success with your road to sobriety, but don’t you ever call my office again. And if you show up on my set, you will be escorted off by me or by my security team. Now, did you understand that?”
The angels remained close to them, still standing over their beds and continuing to pray. Uriel could feel Balthazar getting aggravated, cursing under his breath at everything and everyone, including their father.
“Jensen, are you sure? I mean remember...we were trying to slow things down, and this seems like…” Misha could finish what he was saying fast enough before Jensen rolled him onto his back to hover over him. “Jensen! I’m trying to talk to you…”
“You are, aren’t ya? I mean, that’s what everyone is saying... only one without a girl in the stands, never see you talking up anyone but D at parties…he doesn't swing that way in case you haven't figured that out yet.”
Jensen thanked him, and closed the door, his stomach rumbling as he pursued all the yummy treats; it smelled delicious. Pulling the card from the top, he noticed unfamiliar handwriting on it.
“There is plenty of air right here in our backyard, and this is your party. Now go back into that house, put your cap and gown back on and greet your guests….they’ve been waiting.” She demanded, snatching his keys from his hands.
Arriving at the hospital in the same ambulance, the two angels jumped out first followed by the two stretchers carrying the unconscious Jensen and Misha. It took a couple hours for the doctors to finally stabilize them both, but all of their test results came back negative, leaving the doctors stumped on what was causing their symptoms. G.M.spoke with the hospital management, and requested both be placed in the same hospital suite for security reasons. He also called their mothers, scheduling them both for the next flights to California, and preparing them for the worst.
Misha left the elevator in great haste, his heart beating in ears, wiping haphazardly at the tears running down his face with the sleeve of his suit jacket. Reaching his hotel room door, he fumbled for his wallet to retrieve his door key when he felt a hand press down upon his shoulder. He turned around, finding himself face to face with Jensen, his blue eyes still seeing the hurt he caused in those beautiful green ones..
They both moved instinctively towards one another again, their lips slotted perfectly together, continuing where they left off when Misha pulled back, reaching down to pull up the heap of pants pooled around his ankles, leaving Jensen now a little off kilter.
Dylan and Jensen continued to apologize and argue with one another as Uriel stood standing in the hallway, eating from a bag of microwave popcorn, when Balthazar walked up behind him, picking out a few kernels out for himself.
“What the hell are you two idiots doing?” a female voice yelled, startling them both. There, behind the back stop stood Gabriel and Rachel.
“Threaten all you want, but this is not my first merry go round with temperamental actors. This conversation is over Jensen. I will see you at the table reading tomorrow morning. Now get out of my office.”
Castiel fell silent once more. His head tilted, his face contorted as he struggled to find the right words the right reaction. He looked to Dean for relief, desperate to figure out what he wanted to hear.
“Time for us to go! Mr. Michaels is already at the studio and everyone is looking for us. The meeting is in less than an hour!”
“God? I know what you must think of me, but I am still your child, your servant, and I need your help right now. Please. I need you to help me find Cas. I need you to help me because I can’t be without him; he’s my soulmate. I love him and I promise you that I will love and protect him the rest of my life, and follow in your word. I know you say it is a sin, but how can it be when he is your greatest creation?” Dean stood up from his knees as the sounds of the storm began to rumble in.
“Yes you have Jensen, and congratulations on all of your accolades, but that's because with your looks and talent...I mean Jesus, you could read the phone book and you would still win a Soap Opera Digest Award.”
“You smell like cow patties.” Dean replied, removing the blanket off Cas’ shoulders and replacing it with his own letterman jacket. Dean tossed the blanket on to the hood of a nearby car before driving off.
It was a stellar night. The show swept all the awards including: Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for the Writing Team, Outstanding Performance By A Lead Actor in a Drama Series for Jensen, and Outstanding Performance By A Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Rachel, and the coveted award for Outstanding Drama Series. As the cast and crew took the stage, the tears and all the hard work that this ensemble put forward seemed all so worth it. G.M. spoke on behalf of the network, followed by Misha who was visibly shaking as he approached the microphone. Looking back at Jensen for a moment for reassurance, and getting the nod, he turned back to the audience.
The newest member of the team shook her small delicate hand, “I’m James Novak, people call me Cas. It’s nice to meet you, and thank you.”
“What I just said.My idea? I think it will really boost morale, get the fans more involved and watching.”
“There isn’t anything wrong with you. And I have done some reading on this so called ‘conversion therapy’. It’s wrong Dean, and you’re not going. That's final.”
Rachel let out a nervous laugh, then smiled. “Well. Really nice meeting you and look forward to working with you. There’s cake.” she quipped before making a hasty exit.
“We? We?” The bald one growled. “YOU were the one that wanted to pet the deer, I told you to leave it alone!”
“No!” Castiel yelled as he focused all of his angelic energy,  Castiel pulled his listless body to the floor and began to perform CPR along with with his grace radiating at full power. He felt for a pulse. None. No breath sounds either. Castiel continued to press in to Dean’s chest as his eyes grew brighter and brighter. “Come on...COME ON! You cannot die like this Dean. Can't lose you... I can’t lose you!”
“He said when they fell in love. That was just sex Balthazar. Drunk, back seat car sex. There’s a difference.” Uriel reminded him.
Finally making it to the main floor, he ran out towards the front desk, desperate to catch his breath and Misha.
All of the blood and oxygen in Dean’s body seemed to dissipate within seconds, leaving him frozen and unable to breathe. His father had continued to speak, but Dean didn’t hear most of it, something about his mother packing him. Dean nodded incoherently, and noticed his father’s hand extended to shake his hand. Dean looked into his father’s eyes and took his hand, then pulled him in for a hug, surprising his father.
“Fuck!” was the only word Misha could find as his fingers found their way back into that thick dirty blonde hair. He wasn’t going to last very long and Jensen knew it as he felt the raven haired man’s body begin to shutter, his fingers gripping the corners of the couch cushion, desperate to hold out longer, and not to thrust his hips upwards. Jensen hummed around him; It was all it took to unravel him. Misha’s hips shot upwards as he came, letting out an orgasmic fueled shout from deep within him...
“Nonsense.” she interrupted. “I know you’ve been busy. Saw you on the Soap Opera Digest Awards! You and Jensen looked so handsome.” she glowed.
“Jesus Christ, you scared the hell out of me Dean Winchester! I thought you were an alligator or...Nessy!”
“Hey! It worked for us the first time, didn’t it?” Dean barked back, giving Cas a wink as he pounded the ball into his glove.
The crowd suddenly roared as Rachel took the stage from the other side to the delight of the audience. Jensen felt Misha move closer, his warm breath near his ear
“I think it would be best if you just stay away from the Novak boy.” his dad concluded, seeming to ignore all of Dean’s protests.
The surge of adrenaline that followed Dean’s sudden survival hit Cas with all it’s might at that very moment. He began to pace, his hand running forcefully through his raven hair, before wrestling with other. Dean’s eyes followed him as he pulled off his blood soaked shirt, wadding it up before shooting it in to a nearby trash can.
It didn’t take long before both of the heart rates began accelerating in perfect unison. Green and blue eyes fluttered open, their heads turning ever so slightly towards one another, both sets of eyes filling with tears.
Misha nodded as he picked through the sad looking bowl of fresh fruit. “I’m one of their writers, I’m Misha.” he added, reaching out to shake the man’s hand.
“Kansas State?” he asked, holding up a sweatshirt he found in the bottom drawer as Misha tightened his favorite green tie.
“That is a lot of blood. Looks like someone died in here.” he said with a smirk, hoping Castiel might reciprocate.
“I packed like two weeks ago, just in case. Oh. I almost forgot.” Cas reached into his desk drawer and removed two envelopes: one addressed to his parents, the other to his brother Gabriel. He ran out of the room to deliver them, returning only moments later. “Ok. Now I’m ready, let's go.”
It was then that he noticed Jensen walking away, headed towards the elevator bay, and a dark hair man with a single suitcase greeting him with a smile.
Balthazar was ready for a fight from the other angel, but was astonished to find Uriel helping him, pulling Misha’s monitor and medical I.V. pole along behind him. Placing Misha’s hand in Jensen’s, Balthazar and Uriel could now only stand back and watch to see if Balthazar’s rule breaking would work.
“So does this mean you want the chip now? Cause I worked pretty hard on it.” Dean asked, forcing a loud laugh from Cas’s lungs before he took the chip and ate it. “So good.” he gushed, savoring the taste. “How can you not like Cheez Whiz?”
“That was just their souls calling out to one another subconsciously. Even they know they are running out of time.”
Minutes before reaching Bobby’s house, the Impala careened off of the road down an embankment...landing upside down.
“No son. I just wanted to tell you how proud your mother and I are of you, and the progress you have made these last few weeks, making it right with both God and Lisa.
“She wasn’t.” he confessed, his breath pouring from his lungs, wiping away the tears from his cheeks. “She threatened me. Told me that if I stayed with her, she wouldn’t tell you or mom, or anyone else. And...I...I couldn’t live like that.”
As the party died down, couples began to wander off on the large estate with one another. Cas was alone, cold, and terribly drunk. He needed to go home. Wrapping himself in a horse blanket he had found hanging over a stall in the barn, he made his way to the main house to use the phone.
Balthazar ran from the room to find Uriel, who was standing out on the terrace admiring the night lights of the Vegas Strip.
The party at centerfielder Garth Fitzgerald's farmhouse just outside the city lines had been planned for weeks; including the biggest bonfire anyone would ever see in their life. Garth’s dad distilled his own whisky, so there was plenty to drink. Everyone was there, except Dean and Lisa, who some had said they had seen arguing in Dean’s car since the moment the crowds cleared. Cas stood looking into the bonfire vacantly as the rest of the team danced and howled like primitive cavemen around it, throwing more and more accelerant on to the fire. He was startled by Garth, placing his hand on his shoulder, then handing him a bottle of whisky. “We couldn’t have done it without you Novak.” he said. “To CAS!” Garth bellowed, the team echoing his cheer. Cas, nodded, holding up the bottle then taking a sip. To his surprise, he has been named the team’s MVP, and was presented a large trophy by Dean Winchester himself after the game. He couldn’t help but wonder where he was as he took another swig from the bottle...and then another.
Showered and standing in front of the bathroom mirror, he poked lazily at his belly, then pulled at the lines on his face that he swore had grown deeper overnight. His mom, although annoying at times, was always right: he hated spending his birthday alone.
“Sure. No problem. I should get going anyways. “Jensen whispered as he walked towards the door. “Can we talk later?”
“Is there anything else I can do? I’ve already contacted their families, they are on their way.” G.M. asked.
A few more hours passed, and Misha was officially drunk. Between the vision, the coincidental confusing names that G.M. spoke of and the soft smiles and whispers Jensen and Matt had been sharing slouched on the couch together across the room before making their way to the terrace, he was grateful for its pain dulling effects. It was time to go. Making his way slowly to the elevator, stopping only for a moment to grab a couple more left over swag bags for his mother, he was shocked to see Jensen waiting alone at the elevator. Jensen looked him up and down, his eyes stopping on the extra bags of goodies.
“What’s the score?'' he asked, as shucked off his jacket, and placed the pizza on the kitchen counter. “I got some money on the Yankees.”
“Dean. Stop. I’m going with you.” Cas stated as he walked towards his closet, pulling a large already packed suitcase from it. “I’m ready.”
“Dean! Stop, ok? The fact that you seem...ok with this is really great...but honestly I don’t want to talk about it anymore! The only asses we should be thinking about kicking is Bakersvilles.” Cas quipped, tossing the ball from his glove up in the air for Dean to catch.
“Dad, tomorrow? I…”All of the blood and oxygen in Dean’s body seemed to dissipate within seconds, leaving him frozen and unable to breathe. His father had continued to speak, but Dean didn’t hear most of it, something about his mother packing him. Dean nodded incoherently, and noticed his father’s hand extended to shake his hand. Dean looked into his father’s eyes and took his hand, then pulled him in for a hug, surprising his father.
The next morning was the first official table reading of the new script. Misha sat at the far end, knee shaking anxiously as he read and re-read the script over and over again, while the actors and department heads arrived. He had stayed up almost all night and came in early that morning, making sure it was as perfect as he could make it for them; but he still couldn’t get Jensen’s anger out of his mind. He even dreamed about him last night, they were playing baseball together of all things.
“Jensen. I’m begging you, please don’t read too much into this. When there is something to tell or for us to discuss, we will. I promise. But for right now, I don’t want to talk about it. I just want to enjoy this day, our birthday with you. Will you do that? For me? ”
“Look at this.” Uriel groaned. “We finally have them together, sitting just inches from one another, and a television show is coming between them. The irony.”
“D what are you doing here?” Cas hissed. Dean flopped down onto the bed and began to cry. Cas tied off the towel that hung low on his hips a little tighter and moved to sit next to him. Draping his arm around him, Dean fell listestly on his shoulder.
Jensen finally emerged from the bathroom groaning with each step he took, one hand holding up the oversized white towel around his waist.
“I’ll put on some coffee.” his mother added, giving her son a sweet kiss on his head as she passed by.
“Please Rita, I told you to call me Misha.” the man in the boxers added flushing a bit from embarrassment.
“Your mother gave me these. You forgot your ties. Here.” Gabriel said, handing Dean a blue tie, and Cas a green one. Gabriel wrapped his brother’s tie around his neck, tying it perfectly for him before giving him a loving pat on his cheek.
“Misha. I got the feeling he wanted to talk to you, but he just dropped off breakfast and left. Said he was leaving.”
Dean laughed, wiping his brow with his forearms just above his glove and set himself as Cas flashed him his million watt smile.
Closing his window, he could hear Cas greeting his parents downstairs, before bounding up the steps two at a time towards his room. He opened his bedroom door and was instantly met with Cas’ arms wrapping around him followed by his thick, hungry lips on his when he heard his mom call up to him.
Castiel moved to the bedside, his shoe splashing in a larger pool of Dean’s blood just below where he lay.
“Fuck.” Misha growled groping at his back pockets in search of it, Jensen’s head dropped as he let out a sigh. “Hello?” Misha said, finally finding his phone in his coat pocket. “Yes. I sent the rewrites to Carol yesterday before we left for Vegas. Um, I can, when do you need them? Tomorrow morning? No. I get it, yeah, I will work on it right now.” he responded, rubbing his hand back and forth across his forehead. “Ok. Talk to you tomorrow.”
“No. Not exactly. My roommate recently got married, and three is definitely a crowd with newlyweds. But I got this job, I found a place, but it won’t be ready for a couple of weeks.
“Thanks. Did I hear someone knocking at the door?” Jensen asked as he popped a few pills in his mouth.
As Cas crossed the home plate to the sounds of his own cheering, he turned to make his way towards Dean, wrapping his big arms around the still hunched over pitcher.
Jensen slammed the door behind him with a smile. With a sense of relief, he turned back around, surprised to see Misha in his kitchen, nosing around in his refrigerator.
Tongues clashing and clinging to one another like their lives depended on it, Jensen’s hands made their way down to Misha’s supple hips, gripping them tightly he led him backwards, pulling the raven hair man down to straddle him on the new office couch. Every moan, every whimper encouraged the other to stroke faster, grind harder, thrust deeper, reveling in the sight of one another climaxing in the grip of the other’s hand.
“I did. I have, but I didn’t love them D, it wasn’t...special...you know? And trust me, we can take it as slow as you want , hell we don’t have to do anything at all if you don’t want to, because THIS, this right here? It’s all I need! Just you. That’s all.”
Castiel took a handful of ladyfingers and began placing them carefully in the bottom of the glass dessert bowl. Sam smiled as he watched him create layer after layer of the delicious fillings as he made himself a sandwich. The layers of jam and custard were even making him hungry. As he reached the top of the dish, Castiel moved to the stove, picking up the hot saute pan and moving it to the counter top.
“Jensen Ackles? I thought that was you!  I’m Matt Cohen.” The man said as he offered his hand to shake. Jensen seemed to take a moment before realizing this was him, the new guy.
Dean shook his head in disgust as he laid down on the ground, pulling Cas down with him to rest. It was perfect. The moon, the stars, the sounds of the lake. Gentle neck and forehead kisses grew deeper as the night went on, hands moved less timidly, urgent to discover more and more about one another as the need to be closer became almost unbearable. Cas rolled on top of Dean without pulling their lips away from the other’s,his hands roving through Dean’s thick mane of hair, then traveling downward, rutting against him as his fingers found their way to the top of Dean’s jeans, popping the button open.
“Damnit!” he hissed at the scalding hot water that was now burning his legs. Misha kicked off his shoes, undid his belt, and pulled off his pants, checking to see if there were any serious burns.
“Of course not. You’re not going anywhere.” he promised as Dean sat up straight, wiping haphazardly at the tears on his face. “You can’t because I just found you.”
With a loud smack of disconnect, Cas looked down into those perfect green eyes and whispered, “I want you.”
Balthazar fainted in dramatic fashion, collapsing in the big, awaiting arms of Uriel. Uriel smiled, lifting his angelic partner for the last 35 years up to cradle him like a baby Then taking a final moment to look upon the two very much alive souls in the men before him, his wings expanded.
Misha was surrounded by empties and a pile of papers he still hadn’t even touched in his lap.He looked over at the man sitting next to him on the edge of his seat, rotating an old baseball in his hand into different pitching style grips, a little pizza sauce on the edge of his delicious lips. Jensen quickly sensed he was being watched, and shot him a sexy glance.
Before Bobby left, he told him to sneak out after the parents went to bed, try Novak one more time, and then meet him at his house. Bring his bags.
Dean Winchester was the only child of John and Mary Winchester. Born and raised in Lawrence, they were your typical blue collar family. Dean’s father worked as a foreman at the mill, his mother a part time secretary at the high school office. Dean started playing baseball at the age 5, and by the time he had reached high school, he had played on numerous all-star teams throughout the state, and held records in strikeouts and shutouts. The one thing he still had not accomplished was to bring a championship to his hometown. It was his senior year, and this season would be his last chance. As he looked around the field that day after school, he watched as the team warmed up. Across the field stood their newest player, pounding his glove with his fist. ‘Something about him’, he thought to himself as he felt a hand fall on to his shoulder and give it a squeeze.
Cas and Dean, looked at each other. They were very aware of their new identities and memories in addition to their old ones.
“D, I’m not mad. I’m the one who should be sorry, I just got carried away, and that is no excuse for making you feel that way.”
"Say cheese!" Dean’s mother squealed as she snapped what felt like the millionth picture of him today. Brushing the tassel out of his face, Dean pulled at his shirt collar under his graduation gown.
“Misha. Hey. WAIT! This is not what it looks like. I swear! You have to believe me!” Jensen begged as he made his way over to him.
“Cas. Stop. I know that. The game.” he interrupted. “She saw me...with you.. said I used to look at her like that. Crazy bitch actually tried to blackmail me. Said that if I broke up with her, she would tell my parents.”
“Now Dean, calm down, and take a deep breath. It’s all going to be ok. Go back in, I will be right back.” Bobby promised as he drove away.
“Hey!” Dean interrupted, taking a protective stance in front of Cas.“I don’t know what is going on here or who you are, but somebody better tell us what’s going on? One minute we were being rescued from an accident, and now we are...I don’t even know where the hell we are.
“Hey!” Dean chirped as he walked in. “Woh. What’s going on in here.” His eyes darted about the kitchen, sniffing and peering in to each bowl and pan.
Arriving at the red carpet event that afternoon, Misha and Jensen, both in Calvin Klein suits, stepped out of the limo together to the cheers of adoring After the Storm fans. Misha let Jensen walk ahead, taking his place behind him, stepping back as pictures were taken, but when Jensen noticed what he was doing, he grabbed his hand, pulling him directly to his side, and giving him a peck on the cheek to the delight of the photographers and fans. Jensen couldn’t help but laugh at Misha’s over-sized smile and flushed cheeks as the camera flashes went off all around them.
“You’re in the hospital Misha, Rachel and I are here. You and Jensen passed out, but you’re going to be ok. The doctors are doing everything they can.”
Misha nodded and moved through the doorway, noticing the World Series Playoffs on his big screen T.V.
"Dean?" Was the question on everyone's lip's including the two guardian angels sitting with their backs to the wall in foyer. The most confused of them all seemed to be Misha, still catching his breath.
“I don’t drink. Never touch the stuff. Come on. I’ll take you home. Besides, there’s something I want to show you.”
Misha, frustrated with the timing, took Jensen’s hand and they walked into the theatre together, taking their seats with the rest of the cast and crew.
Dean kicked off his shoes and jeans, and climbed under the covers, his body and mind had never felt so painfully exhausted from one day. Cas tossed his wet towel on to the floor, picking up a pair of pajama bottoms that laid over his desk chair and pulled them on before climbing into bed, snuggling against Dean.
Cas moved to lay next to him, taking his hand in his, kissing the back of it tenderly. Dean turned to face him, wrapping his other hand around his.
Dean leaned on to the counter top, and took a couple of deep breaths. It was going to be ok, he kept telling himself. He picked up the phone receiver one more time and dialed.
Maybe he should call him. He knew that he was a very busy man, maybe he was still working? Or forgot? Or maybe he just didn’t feel the same way, or just saw him as a hook up? Jensen began to nibble on his fingernails.
Misha finally made his way back to his office, plopping down in his chair, full and exhausted. He so badly wanted to drift off for a quick nap, but a loud familiar voice got his full attention when his lead actor stormed into his office, his script gripped tight in his hand.
“So what are you saying? That my character is vapid? She is a heart surgeon for christ sakes!” Rachel screeched.
Standing at the end of the bed wearing tuxedos, was Balthazar and Uriel, looking as exhausted as they did handsome.
“Ok! Almost ready!” he yelped before slamming his door closed. “5 minutes is plenty of time,'' he whispered as they fell onto his bed together.
“This isn’t who you are son! You were raised in this house to be a God fearing man, it’s a sin Dean! It's forbidden, and you know it. Now go upstairs, I don’t want you to wake your mother. She was exhausted with worry. We’ll talk more in the morning.”
Misha couldn’t help but laugh as he made his way over to his desk to have a seat, checking his legs one more time for any burns.
“I said I’m fine Cas.” Dean growled from a fetal position upon his bed, covering his eyes from the uninvited light Castiel had let in.
“I love you Dean Winchester.” Cas shouted over a growing roaring sound, as the same bright light from before appeared .
“Well, you said everyone was there, but Lisa...because Lisa was here, crying and carrying on about how you two broke up.
Misha finally found his way back to his office. His mind racing about the man he had just met. He was one of the reasons he applied for this job, not only was he the most gorgeous man he had ever seen, but he was also an exceptional actor. But oh how they met, standing there in his underwear, thinking he was a stripper. Why! Of all times! He couldn’t think about that now. He had to focus.
Jensen ended the call and made his way over to the door as he pulled on his grey terry cloth robe that belonged to his dad. Opening the door, he was met with a delivery man, holding the largest basket of baked goods and specialized coffees he had ever seen.
Once he returned, he went straight to work. The kitchen was filled with sweet, and odd salty smells, catching the nose of the the youngest Winchester passing by.
As Dean left the field he noticed Cas carrying all the equipment towards the equipment shed. It was Cas’s turn that day, but his pain stricken face told Dean that the injuries he sustained by the hands of his own team were a lot worse than he was letting on. Dean dropped his bag and ran over to him, lifting one of the large canvas sacks of equipment off his shoulder.
“Joe. Nice to meet you. I thought I should tell you,  one of your people was really having a tough go of it down at the bar last night. Good looking fellow. Jason?”
Misha made his way down the rest of the red carpet, stopping to interview with a few reporters along the way about his nomination. He was delighted by all the buzz around the writing team, but found himself mostly gushing about it’s star actor who truly had broken some barriers both on and off the set. Standing by the buffet, was G.M. himself, looking very dapper, and a little off center with what appeared to be not his first martini of the night in his hand.
“And why the hell is it any of their business who you…” his father suddenly stopped mid-sentence when he saw the trembling look on his son’s face, giving him another nod.
“Who the fuck does this guy think he is?” someone barked as Dean returned that arrogant grin back at the rookie batter..
After quick showers, aspirin, and a pot of coffee, Jensen rummaged through Misha’s dresser looking for some clothes to borrow.
Castiel noticed the once inhabited chair that held a bloody Dean Winchester was now empty, red droplets adorned the concrete floor leading towards the bunker’s sleeping quarters. Castiel followed them, leading him directly to Dean's room. Standing outside the closed door, Castiel took a breath, placing his palm against the door...he could feel Dean's pain. Finally, he gave the door a sturdy knock.
Dean’s blood boiled to the surface, his face flushed, his eyes welled with tears. His body involuntarily shook as he searched for the words that could make this all go away, words that wouldn’t hurt his father or mother, or Cas. His bottom lip quivered, as he looked deep into his father’s eyes.
“Oh. I know what it is, it's because I’m the catcher and not the pitcher?” he said to the delight of his teammates who's laughter grew louder at the obvious innuendo.
“Me too...this is going to sound crazy but I just had the strangest feeling of deja vu. Have you ever had that?” he continued. “Like I swear I just had this flash of you saying those words to me just like that before.”
“CAS! STOP! I DON’T WANT YOUR HELP! I DON’T DESERVE YOUR HELP! I DON’T DESERVE ANYONE’S HELP! IT DOESN’T MATTER! YOU HEARD CHUCK!! IT’S OVER! IT’S ALL OVER CAS!” he pleaded, his eyes strained with tears as he curled his knees closer.
“They have a connection right? A connection so strong it broke God’s will...MAYBE THEY JUST NEED TO FEEL IT!!”
Cas let out a frustrated sigh and readjusted the amount of equipment he now carried. As they entered the equipment shed, he dropped the heavy bags onto the ground with a thump, rubbing his shoulder for a bit for relief. “Damnitt!” he hissed.
Misha looked down at it momentarily before looking back up into Jensen’s eyes, noticing the colors were the same. A memory of a lake flashed before Misha’s eyes, causing him to sway.
“Maybe. Might be asleep by then. 34 is feeling old.” he quipped, giving him an adorable gummy smile before finally making his way to his meeting.
“Happy Birthday Mr. Collins. Meet us at Bobby’s Bar & Grill whenever you get done. You owe me a dance.-J”.
She then went on to say there was someone else, but what she said next, well, it just didn’t make a lick of sense son.”
"They weren’t wrong!" Cas declared, pulling himself gingerly to his feet. “There is nothing you can say or do to change that Dean. I’m going home. I’ll see you on Monday.”
Misha had a look of confusion on his face as Rachel poured a small amount of water from the pitcher into a cup, and brought it to his lips to sip.Taking a few gulps with a nod of appreciation to her, he finally turned back to G.M.
“Your character faked a coma when she feared Dr. Morgan was interested in his ex again...and he is a neurosurgeon! He wasn’t able to figure it out? How does that even make sense? Look, I am not trying to rewrite the entire series, or take anything away from any of you. I am simply trying to make it plausible and inject some real, and passionate story lines that will bring the audience back to you, back to this show!” Misha concluded.
“Nope, I have to work, filming all day. New head writer is being brought in. But might go out tonight though.”
“How adorable. It talks. Jensen, when you’re done with the help, you really should get your ass down to the make-up room, they have a whole thing waiting for you.” Rachel sighed, giving the still unclothed man in the room a swift smack on the ass. “I’ll take over here.”
“Fuck.” he hissed hanging up the receiver. He needed to find him, tell him the timeline had changed. They had to leave tonight!
Dean Winchester is reborn Jensen Ackles (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
Misha dropped his champagne glass, spilling it all down the front of him before it smashed on the ground, causing a rousing round of laughter from the group that had gathered around them.
“Dead? Yes. Huge mistake. So. So. Sorry. But we are working on that right now. By the way my name is Balthazar, this is Uriel. We’re your guardian angels ” Balthazar added as fax began to print from the fax machine on the single desk in the room. Both angels ran to it, tearing the paper off of it.
He felt a gentle nod and gave Dean a wink as Cas carried him out of the room to the sounds of his deep, baritone voice singing, “You are My Sunshine” softly into the little boy's ear.
“Yes,” Cas continued. “Just like a vacation, and I promise, I will be back. Ok? Now, how about I sing you your favorite song and tuck you back in just the way you like it, snug as a bug in a rug. Does that sound good?”
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE AU VERSIONS BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
“G.M! Listen to me.” Cas began. “I know that all of this sounds strange, but this is no joke. I’m not who you think I am...and I think deep down you already know that. Our conversations, the familiar way that I look...that song...the connection we both felt when you hugged me in the lobby at the Emmy's. Gabriel, I made you a promise a long time ago that I would come back, and …”
Dean Winchester is reborn Jensen Ackles (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
Misha looked back into Jensen’s eyes, but couldn’t help to notice his demeanor had changed, and wondered if the moment had passed. He carefully leaned into him this time, hoping to feel those lips he’d dreamt about every night since he last tasted them. He did, but on the center of his forehead.
Bottom of the 9th, 2 outs, 2 men on, the game was tied 3 to 3. Dean Winchester walked out of the dug out and took a few practice swings to the sound of his name being chanted over and over again. He tapped at his cleats with the bat, loosening the impacted dirt he had collected from the muddy pitcher's mound. Dean turned towards the crowd, his eyes went to Lisa along with the tip of his bat, sending the crowd into an even bigger frenzy. Lisa blew him a kiss, but he missed it. Dean’s attention had already turned back towards the dugout, where he saw Cas standing behind the fencing, his fingers intertwined in it’s chains, chanting his name along with the rest of them. Cas’s triple had brought home the tieing runs, and now it was up to him. To his surprise, Dean pointed his bat for a second time; and this time it was at him. Some noticed, others didn’t, but the tears that welled up in Cas’ eyes were hard to miss. Strike one. The cheers of encouragement continued, The team was on their feet pounding on the fence. Strike two. Dean stepped out of the batters box, regripped his bat and took another practice swing. He looked over to the dugout again, just in time to see Cas place his fingertips in his mouth and whistle the loudest whistle he had ever heard. He smiled, adjusted his helmet, and stepped back in the box. “Breathe.” he whispered to himself. Bobby Singer once said that the sound a bat makes when it makes perfect contact with a ball sounds like music; and this hit was a symphony. Up and over the right field fence, a textbook hit, sent three members of the Woodcreek team across home plate. The game was over: Bakersville 3, Woodcreek 6. The Hawkeyes were State Champions for the first time in school history.
“Walt’s just an old family friend… and yes, I got an offer... and yes, at one time it WAS the dream, but I’m not sure if it really is anymore. Misha replied.
Crossing through the rest of the cemetery hand in hand, they stopped along the way to lay flowers and pay their respects at the Winchester and Novak family’s graves, until they finally came upon them, the ones they both needed to finally needed to pay their respects to...the ones they needed to say goodbye to most of all: their own. Dean leaned down and brushed the dirt from the engraved lettering of his name with his fingertip as Cas made his way over to his nearby, each taking a moment of silence.
“Actually Mr. Ackles is my gift. It’s my birthday today, too.” Misha interrupted, giving Jensen a wink.
“How about that lap dance?” Jensen slurred as Misha climbed on top of him, peeling his t-shirt off, and unzipping Jensen’s jeans...
“Just say yes.” Jensen hissed as his lips and tongue made their way across Misha’s already plumping manhood.
Jensen took a sip of his beer, then shrugged his shoulders, “I mean, we can talk after, it’s already in the 7th inning.
Cas had to prepare himself for the morning. He would need to tell two of the most important people in his life his secret; before someone else did.
Dean searched the rest of the day for Cas, no sign of him anywhere. As he walked out on the field he was surprised to see him standing on third base, beating on his glove like he always does. Hidden under the brim of his cap were patched up wounds and bruises, but to Dean’s surprise, he was met with an unexpected smile.
Cas watched the way his body moved all the way down to the end of the dock. Dean couldn’t help but notice.
Dean matted down his still very wet hair with his hand, moving into the living room to face his father.
“What ‘s the matter with you? I get nothing for that? That was perfect!” he decreed with a proud smile.
It was just days before graduation, and the butterflies began to build in their bellies...even while they mowed the outfield of the Hawkeye Baseball Field. They had just finished, picking up all the clippings just as Bobby instructed, and raking out the dirt in the infield. Cas picked up the wheelbarrow still full of debris and some equipment, and headed towards the equipment shed, when he noticed he was walking alone. He turned back, shielding his eyes from the hot sun and saw him, standing on the pitcher's mound, staring down home plate. His chest tightened…
Dylan’s eyes followed Jensen as he made his way into the kitchen and watched as he slammed his bare foot down on the pedal of his stainless steel trash can, and dropped the single rose into it.
Misha walked up behind him, placing a kiss then a bite on his neck. “So, where’s that coffee you promised?”
“Only you.” Jensen promised, as his hands roamed over Misha’s shoulders before his hands traveled down between the writer’s legs, stroking his already hardening cock through his jeans.
Cas stared at him, perplexed. “You’re joking right? I tell you that I love you and you’re just….sitting there dicking around with a chip. No! I don’t want a stupid chip Dean.” he huffed getting up from the blanket when he looked down at the man he had just professed his love to...and saw it.
“Yes, after I left you at your room I got very drunk, but Dylan had been texting me all night about wanting me back...and all I could think about was how much I wanted you back. Matt was the one who escorted me back to my room. He was just looking after me, nothing else. I tried to find you, but...”
Dean returned to his guests, making his family quite happy. As he looked around, he knew this would be the last time he would see most of them. Lisa and her family arrived soon after, and Dean played along just as he had promised Cas, her arm laced through his once felt so natural, now felt more sinful than anything written in the Good Book. Dean would intermittently run back into the house to call Cas again, but still no answer. Bobby Singer finally arrived, Dean ran to meet him in his car. Just the sight of him relieved a small bit of the pressure that had built within his chest since he got the news.
Dean Winchester is reborn Jensen Ackles (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
Arriving in his favorite faded Stones t-shirt and jeans, he followed the hostess to a reserved backroom. The sound of loud classic rock music and voices greeted him as he opened the door.
“...that’s horrible! I’m so sorry.” they heard Rachel say as they entered the room. “I can't imagine what it was like for you to lose both of your brothers.”
“Dean!” Castiel moved towards him, attempting to pull the bowl and fork away from him. “You don’t have to do this.”
“Problem. Matt Cohen is in there. Can we go to your room instead? And then maybe you can go get him out of mine?” Jensen begged.
“Hi Ms. Miner. A real pleasure to meet you. Everyone usually just calls me Misha, the help is so informal.”
Before Dean could protest any further, Castiel entered his room; the lock was not much protection from a seraph clearly on a mission.
“Of course I do! Jesus Cas, don’t you know by now that you are so much more to me than anything else in my life. Bigger than baseball, or blackmail, or scholarships, or what people will think of me?” Cas sat up on his knees and placed his hands on either side of Dean’s face, his eyes puddled with tears.
“The Fitzgerald Farm. Celebrating the big win. Biggest bonfire I have ever seen. Wish you could have seen it. Everyone was there.”
Misha chattered on as Jenen’s eyes roved over his exposed skin, admiring once again how thick he was, in all the right places.
Misha did not protest as the Yankees' best hitter walked up to the plate, and he was due. The fans of New York began to chant his name over and over again. Something came over both of them, the sound of the crowd, the crack of the bat, and by the time the winning hit crossed home plate, Jensen and Misha were making their way around the bases too.
“ I know you have, and I just got some great news. The camp just called to tell me they had a cancellation this weekend and you are leaving tomorrow instead.”
“Ma. You say that every year. And 34 feels...old.” he grunts, stretching under the covers of his bed.
Dean threw Cas’s bag to the ground and both scurried down the tree together to the car to escape the torrential rains.“What are you doing? Where are your keys?” Cas asked as he noticed Dean sliding down a bit in the seat to reach under the dashboard.
Misha  cracked a smile as G.M. gave him a hard pat on the back. Misha, still a little shaken by the vision of what looked like a deer in torrential rain, stood up and gave the crowd a funny curtsy before moving over to the food tables to grab some napkins and clean up the mess. To his surprise Jensen joined him at the table, grabbing a few extra napkins to help him, not saying a word.
“Misha...hey...stay with me.” Jensen quietly pleaded, squeezing Misha’s hand a bit tighter as a single tear streamed down his face.
“Practice is everyday after school. Don’t be late. Hell of a hit, lucky to have you.” Dean added, giving him a smile and a nod before the bell sounded.
Sam gulped. Sipping his milk, to free his mouth to speak. But it was too late. The top of the veggies and meat was now smothered with whip cream and carefully placed raspberries. Sam picked up his plate and placed it in the sink, before making his way over to the angel to take a closer look. On the counter was the recipe: “Rachel’s Friends Thanksgiving Trifle Recipe.”
“Fuck.” he hissed hanging up the receiver. He needed to find him, tell him the timeline had changed. They had to leave tonight!
“You denied it right? Tell me you did D! You don’t want this to get out. Think about your future….your scholarship!”
“Yes.” Cas replied calmly. “The current storyline is old, boring and has been done before a million times over. Your character realizes he can't just make a difference in the operating room, but make an even bigger difference in this country's failing medical system.”
Taking the stairs, he arrived at Misha’s room, banging on the door with all the strength he had in him. No answer. He heard the ding of the elevator and yelled for anyone to hold it!
Minutes ticked by like hours until Bobby finally returned. Dean looked up at him from the dinner table and got his answer with a look and a shake of his head. A round of laughter erupted, around him which he entertained with a smile as sheer panic began to set in.
Cas turned around to see the star player before him with his arm draped over a brunette he remembered from his economics class.
Misha nodded, his cheeks flushed with excitement. Jensen sat the bottle they shared down next to where they were standing and hopped off off of the bar to the sound of boos from the gathered crowd. He reached up this time to help Misha down, said their goodbyes and thanked them all for the birthday wishes as they made their way out the door, Misha’s hand still gripped tight in Jensens. They were both terribly drunk as they climbed into the back of a large black muscle car outside.
Reincarnation is a story we tell; then in the end it's the story itself that is the reincarnation.-Kim Stanely
Bleary eyed and exhausted from all of the rewrites, Misha made his way out to the car, fiddling with his keys, when he noticed a balloon and what appeared to be a card attached to the windshield wiper. As he opened the card, a $100 bill fluttered to the ground. As he reached down to pick it up, he started to read the card.
