“Look, if you wanna talk, just talk, alright? But I’m not coming back in until this is finished… I’ve—I’ve gotta do something or I’m gonna go crazy. You win, OK? Whatever this whole silent treatment was about, you win. I’m sorry, can we just—”
An angel with human features, hidden and listening while her brethren clamored for a fight. Plucked stars from the sky and threw them in their anger and impatience.
A two-story house was on fire and Dean’s heart caught in his throat. One of the firemen was holding a wide-eyed, pale little boy with soot smears on his face. Nobody else was on the lawn.
There’s salt sprayed all over the room, the lines in the doorways and on the windowsills are gone and there are faint scorch marks on the corpse’s lips and eyes.
Sam fidgeted. Actually fucking fidgeted, looked away and back and away again because he was ashamed at having looked away. His jaw tightened and with a huff he jerked the driver’s door open; “Fine.”
Chuck Shurley hadn’t had internet service since his divorce. Not because he couldn’t afford it, but more because the angels perpetually hovering over his house blocked it out, tried to keep him from communicating with the outside world about what he was doing. But for some reason, there it was. Weak, but there.
Dean presses his palms into his knees and tries to rub out the itch in his skin. He… he doesn’t like the sound of that, not that he’d liked the sound of any of this so far, but he hadn’t expected this case to be so big.  “It’s gonna be a slaughterhouse.”
Sam didn’t say anything when Dean pushed himself up on shaking legs and shuffled to the bathroom with the hem of his t-shirt pulled down toward his knees, other hand hidden from view. Sam sat there silently, staring at the window and tried to ignore the retching noises from the bathroom, or the sound of the shower running full blast on cold. The hot water pipes screamed a little when Sam had showered earlier, so he knew… He knew.
Dean rubbed his face and looked at the clock on the wall, cursed because it was close to two AM and the motor court at the top of the hill seemed to be their last resort.
Key and money exchanged the man left sometime after ten PM and Dean took a deep breath to steady himself before he went back inside.
Castiel had Sputnik’s lead in hand and was swinging on his jacket when Dean returned to the table, had left a few ones tucked under his empty malt glass like he’d seen Dean do before, and they left.
He doesn’t talk about it, keeps his lips sealed and scratches at the scar on his shoulder until there’s blood under his nails.
The vessel moved turned and faced him and Dean could see something happening in the space between them. Could feel the static in the air rising and the little hairs on his arms and legs and the back of his neck standing on end.
Three of the puppies look like their father, a mixture of black, brown and tan. The remaining two are Dean's favorites, one is blonde like Sputnik, and the other is tan.
Dean’s knees hit the snow, angel blade clattering away. The movement was jerky—unangelic and Sam saw the struggle across Dean’s face—his brother and Castiel fighting for control. His eyes flicked skyward. Dean’s eyes seemed to blaze brightly for a moment, then blanked and Castiel stilled, resigned, head dropping forward in defeat.
“There’s demonic activity alright, but I’ve got no clue what they’re trying to prove making a bunch of feral cats jump under truck tires.”
He’d tried, he’d tried so hard to push it down, to hide it and fight it and deny it because Cas—CAS—wasn’t real. Had never been, he’d been a figment of Dean’s imagination, therefore what he’d felt for him had also been a construct of the Djinn… Nothing that intense, nothing that wonderful could be real.
Dean snorted, found his hands pulling at a fray in the bottom edge of his shirt; “I wouldn’t have believed it either if I hadn’t seen it myself. Man, that woman could kick ass… She almost took me down—“ He left out the ball kicking thing, simply because what man would ever admit that a teenaged version of their mother kicked them in the crotch and bloodied their nose?
“Yeah, I just think this is the first spell I’ve come across that actually calls for rose hips… I think I owe Bobby an apology,” He rubbed his brow; “Any particular type of rose hips?”
Bill stared at him evenly; “Reapers smokin’ Camels and Angels hittin’ gravity bongs? Is this some weird dream?”
He doesn’t die immediately when the hellhounds rip into him. Sink their horrific burning faces into him and just—just chew. They don’t eat, don’t tear out his organs and fight over them like wolves. They chew simply for the joy of chewing and then spit it out.
Dean called Sam, sat on the curb beside the Impala with his head in his hand and said words he didn’t think he would ever have to say;
“Cas, if there even is a god, he stopped caring about us a long time ago. What makes you think he’ll give a damn enough to put down the cocoanut full of booze he’s sipping on some cosmic beach and help us? If he’s really there why the hell did he let this happen in the first place?”
He was so enthralled his hands felt numb, his vision was tunneling out and his stomach felt like it was filled with helium, loose and bobbing about on a string.
Sam must have been thinking the same thing because his eyebrows shoot up and his teeth appear between rolled back lips.
He stands there silently for a few minutes, aware of Jo as she stepped up behind him, but staring at Castiel, the shape of him beneath borrowed clothes. The dark scruff on his face, the bruises in the bends of his arms from IV’s and needles. The way he was sprawled, inelegant and peaceful like a kid, seemingly careless. The curve of his neck and ebony crescents of lashes fanned on his cheeks.
Ellen goes from half-awake to terribly, terribly alert in less than half a second. “What happened? Are they OK?”
Dean looks at him but doesn’t say anything, even when Sam gets out and comes around to the passenger door, pulls it open and jerks his thumb over his shoulders; “Come on, Dean. Let’s go. Let’s get this over with.”
Dean hated this part, hated it more than pretty much anything— “They—uh… They never left their houses. The ash you found—“ His throat clicked when he swallowed.
Sam pulled in a deep breath and let it out, “What’d you just call me?” He started his silent morning inventory. Numbness, check, immobility, check. Oxygen tube, check. Cough twice to clear his airway, double check.
Demons, as a whole, don’t really have a code of honor. In some ways, their hierarchy is a lot like high school. There are the loud mouths that are more talk than action. The ones who are all action and no brains— In fact, most demons are loud mouths. More talk than actual technique, or so the Old Ones will say. The ones you really have to look out for are the quiet ones. The ones who know how to keep a secret and push a con for the long haul. The ones you have to look out for, are the ones who bring you the fresh meat.
And Dean watched silent—choked and unable to scream—as the knife launched itself back toward Castiel point first and slid to the hilt high in the left side of his chest.
The blonde had asked who Sam was, Dean had grumbled, hands twisting in their confines and said ‘my little brother’. The blonde had smiled at him and asked if he wanted to join in.
The black eel of his tongue roves over his lips and slithers down his chest, swipes at his nipples and curls up over his face before it reels back into his mouth with a grotesque chomp of teeth.
Chad’s eyes lit up the moment he saw Sputnik and he slapped at Ryan’s shoulder urgently; “Ohm’god, hold me back—hold me back, bro!”
A woman was screaming, hysterical and shrill and a child was crying. Dean took the steps two at a time and came into the room gun drawn. Everything was dark, but he could see the outlines of a kitchen table and broken crockery scattered across the kitchen. The living room furniture had been upheaved, cracked and broken leaning against the walls like buttresses. A woman and two children were huddled in the corner behind the overturned refrigerator and rock salt was scattered across the floor in front of them in a hasty, wavering line.
“This boy…” Castiel’s teeth appeared between his lips, as if he’d forgotten how to speak for a moment; “This boy is half human, half demon. But far more powerful than either.”
“Spelling suggests Myan, maybe Aztec…” Bobby lets out an exasperated sigh. “I got no idea what it is, give me a minute,” He knocks books around flips pages, punches in something to his computer, flips through more books.
Castiel flinches and ignores his questions, drops into a crouch by Dean’s side and pushes a hand carefully over his head, “What did Zechariah say to you, Dean?”
Lilith’s hand twitched. Just a twitch, elegant. Like she was shooing a fly. Just a flick of her wrist and Dean was air born.
Third and Fourth Streets were densely populated, and most of the pet owners on Fourth Street were missing their animals. Dean knew that this area must have been the closest to the Xuphrek’s exit from the sewers. A thing that big wouldn’t stray to very far from cover unless it had no choice.
“Anyways… Uh—I was checkin these demons out in Tennessee when out of nowhere they took a hard left, booked up here.”
The room around him roared too loud—voices and clattering dishes—the crush of too many bodies in a too small space. Voices and bodies and souls oblivious to the world around them. He—he can’t hear anyone’s thoughts. He can’t feel their intent! The fabric of his jeans was heavy, stiff. Not worn in the right places for his body type. His shirts were clinging and there was a little slick of sweat between his shoulder blades. The air smelled like smoke and bitter coffee and burnt meat. There was a film on his teeth and a taste in his mouth. The seat under him was lumpy and pressing against the backs of his knees—the table was sticky and greasy and his shoes squeaked against the floor under the table, they were too big on his feet and the wound in his side from Zechariah’s ‘bullet’ still ACHED. He couldn’t hear the scream of the earth hurtling through space. The groan of the planets in their orbit. He couldn’t feel his hands—He can’t feel his HANDS!
Dean’s smile is genuine this time, amused, looks pointedly toward the taps and raised his voice; “Hey bar wench, where’s that beer?”
Bobby rolled his eyes, “Alright, I get it, I’ll fix the damned toilet in the morning!” and he practically stomped back into the kitchen and took his seat at the table with a muffled grumble of irritation.
Shapes covered over by layers of spray paint and hidden beneath piles of rubble. Something tingles in his skin and he tilts his head a little farther to the right, steps deeper into an alleyway and—
Ellen was sitting at the kitchen table with a large tome open in front of her when they came in, she did a double take and looked Dean up and down, lips pulling up into a smile; “Well, don’t you clean up nice!”
“Do you know why God cast me down? Because I loved him. More than anything,” He tilts his head to the side, gives a little shiver of disgust, “And then God created—you. The little… hairless apes. And then he asked all of us to bow down before you, to love you, more than him. And I said, ‘Father, I can’t.’ I said, ‘These human beings are flawed, murderous.’ And for that, God had Michael cast me into hell… Now, tell me, does the punishment fit the crime?” He motions vaguely around himself; “Especially when I was right?”
Castiel’s mouth opens to argue but Anna bares her teeth at him and she presses her hands flat to his chest and shoves him bodily backward.
Sam is stunned for half a breath, staggers back with a hand to his face in shock, catches himself on the tv stand and stares wide eyed at his brother, dabs the blood away on his palm and rocks back to his feet, “Satis—“
Sam cupped one hand around his eyes; “Oh, god there’s two of them,” And continued plotting the weirdness on the town map.
Castiel squints at him again and Dean can feel the press of him, the brush over his mind, but it pulls back quickly; “The barrier is damaged, it’s possible that some of the memories would leak through the fracture. I wouldn’t suggest prying into it though, it could prove damaging.”
Sam tapped his pencil on the desk; “Okay, so whatever’s doing this is reshaping reality. It has the powers of a god—“ His eyes rolled; “Or a trickster.”
Dean wraps an arm around his middle, his stomach hurts and he can’t tell if it’s hunger or nausea. “Sam, I appreciate it, but it’s too early and I’m too tired to be making decisions like this… I don’t even know why I told you. You don’t need my shit on top of all this.”
He heard Bobby’s feet on the linoleum and the bolt of his Infield just as the older hunter stepped onto the porch, brought the gun up and muttered something about his damned eye and bared his teeth.
Castiel’s eyes were too blue and looking right at him and all Dean could think was that those eyes had seen him naked. Had gazed upon him with love, compassion and desire. Those hands had touched without an ounce of selfishness and those lips had kissed with such unrestrained need—
Castiel shook him, physically and otherwise; “It won’t go back. It knows that we could get to it in the mountains—It’s going to run. Let it go before it pulls your soul out with it!”
Dean thinks, maybe, it’s weird that his brother is ordering around a demon, but at the moment he’s still feeling blood running over his hands, still seeing images of his brother spread out under him with two hands wrist deep in his chest cavity, still alive and gasping through blood while Dean searches for that silverspark of his soul—
Bobby took the detector back and shoved it into a drawer. “Well, now we’ve got a truck that can do heaven knows what,” He shivered remembering the knives Dean had ‘charged’ and imagined what could happen with something that weighted two tons, “I can’t be responsible for putting that thing on the road in the hands of some towney idjit who don’t know what he’s dealin’ with!”
“Bill Kingston called me last night and said you had ‘blown a fuse’, and that you had asked for me before you fell asleep… I thought—“ He didn’t say what he thought, but the pinch of his brows spoke volumes.
“Thirty-five-year-old male attacked in his bed. Locked house, no signs of forced entry, alarms didn’t go off.”
It’s a rickety drafty thing in the middle of nowhere. Sam thinks it looks disgusting, Dean says it looks better than some of the dives Dad used to leave them in Before.
Dean threw a hand up over his face and thumped his thigh with his fist; “Just forget it… Forget it,” He rolled away and pulled his knees up, fisted his hands between them and closed himself off, dragged every bit of his grace deep into his chest and squeezed it tight. Defensive and barely holding together.
Chuck’s put his tatty couch between them and looks ready to dart into the other room any second; “I’m not doing anything!”
Dean says he’s going to get out the same way he got in and Sam laughs mutters to Adam that Dean’s like a ferret, can get in and out of places normal people can’t, not to worry, it’s fine. But Dean can hear the worry in Sam’s voice and he pushes forward trying to ignore it.
He doesn’t want to do it. Has spent too much time already underground—can just picture getting halfway down there and becoming trapped—Suffocating—DROWNING in dirt.
The Other pushes him harder against the building with the length of his body; “Have a good nap, Sunshine?”
Castiel tries again, shuffles closer and fits two of his intangible hands on Dean’s chest. “Just try to remember. You don’t have to say anything, just remember—“
Dean found a pickup about two miles out of the city with the logo for a local green house on the side, half hidden under bloody handprints. There are an assortment of tools in the back in a big tool chest. Dean takes a hatchet, a pair of bolt cutters—he thinks they might actually be some kind of pruning shears, but beggars can’t be choosers— the five gallon gas can and cuts off a six foot section of garden hose to use as a syphon.
Dean snagged a couple bags of chips and a pack of bologna, then sidestepped Bill as he came into the store, scuffing his boots against the rug. Bill picked up a six-pack of beer, two packages of teriyaki beef jerky and asked for a pack of wraps—“The long ones—no the blue.”
He had yet another human face. Dean recognized this one, the cancer patient who’d taken his wife out for their twentieth anniversary just two days ago. He didn’t need to see the white eyes to know who it was.
“Yeah, but you’ll have to kill me… And we’re back to the same problem,” He inhales slowly, forces his voice to remain even, forces the ache in his stomach and the weird electric tingle on his skin as far back into the rear of his mind as he can, focuses only on what he has to say, what he NEEDS to say and the fact that if this guy—if Uriel really wanted him out of this place, could have done it with two fingers and Dean wouldn’t have been able to stop him. “I mean, come on… You’re gonna wipe out a whole town for one little witch? Sounds to me like you’re compensating for something… What is it, huh? Got a tiny little wingspan?” He smiles but the muscles in his face spasm and tremble so he locks it down, swallows with a great measure of difficulty and turns away with his breath held. His legs shake but he pauses as he passes Castiel, speaks low and meets those denim blue eyes with his own, finds that same guttering spark from before and speaks directly to it; “We will find that witch… and we will stop the summoning and the only one whose gonna die is her.”
This time it’s different, almost tender. For a while he forgets what she is because she feels so human in his arms, soft and warm and clinging desperately. Eyes the color of rich coffee locked on his, fingers pressing into his flesh. She looks at him like he is the sun and moon and stars and for a while he feels like maybe he is.
Dean has only worked with Wiccans on two occasions. Once was a bad experience, the second time he was young, under John’s belt and hadn’t got to know them well, only that he and his father didn’t have to hide who they were around the group.
Dean brings his knee up sharp into the high inner portion of his brother’s thigh—aiming for his crotch, but Sam leans to the side, opens up his feet and Dean slams his heel down on his instep, throws his left elbow up into Sam’s jaw, twists around until he has the knife at his little brother’s throat and one hand in his hair—
Dean hasn’t woken up. Not really. He’ll flinch and lash out and say ‘NO!’ or ‘DON’T’ in a hiss of a whisper, but aside from that he’s quiet, tense and unmoving.
And then there is screeching, like bombs dropping from great height, a roaring ripping noise and the next second there are craters in the earth filled with writhing black ooze that forms itself up into human shapes.
He thinks of that spark he saw in the angel’s eyes the night before and how warm it had made him feel deep in that cold aching place Hell had left inside him. He squeezes his fingers together, presses in on the scabbed over cuts in his palms from the crescents of his nails and prods at that pustule of inaccessible memories in his head like a kid with a stick and a batch of frog eggs—
Castiel shivered, in awe of it. Dean didn’t only mean this physical shell he possessed, but the very ethereal core of him. The part of him Dean had never been able to see before, or understand.
Sputnik startled where she was sleeping on the edge of the porch and jumped up, stretched and followed.
He moves quickly, rolls onto his back and levers himself up to stare at her; “What happened when he brought me back?”
There’s a flash of panic on Sam’s face, horror, revulsion—like maybe he can see that split too and it’s in his brother’s skin.
The sun climbed higher into the sky, a blazing brand bearing down on him, intent on burning him to a red, dry husk, then blasting him away to nothing. It would be painful, but he’d been through it before. Shit, he’ll never be able to watch ‘Temple of Doom’ again without puking.
Dean looked away and told himself it was no big deal, he’d make it up to him somehow, once they found Sputnik and got out of this sewer.
The idea that this version of himself was willfully and happily torturing again made Dean’s stomach crawl up his throat, even more so when Cas’ comment solidified what he had feared. That maybe this Dean had used his ‘talents’ against Cas himself at one point, for whatever purpose.
He hears a grinding noise, clattering and turns with his flashlight, feels his heart hammering behind his ribs like it wants to rip free and bounce away to Wonderland or something. He sees a light at the end of the grave tunnel and someone pushing the stones it had taken him so long to move back in place with perfect ease.
Something in his chest is constricting, feels caged and restrained… he feels restrained—blinded because when he looks up all he can see on Adler’s face is cold eagerness.
“Just—just put on some pants and come outside for five minutes—that’s it. Five minutes and if we haven’t convinced you by then we’ll leave.”
“Because there was only two changes of clothes in that bag. I’m wearing one, you’re wearing one… Unless you want to sit around naked in a Laundromat we need clothes,” He looked at his watch.
He looks at Dean, curious where before he had been ready to rearrange the elder Winchester’s skeleton. The blood and light from his wound continue to flow, but he drops the knife to the floor and tilts his head back in Castiel’s direction. “I’m sorry.”
The attendant tried to persuade him to just leave it, that he would call the local animal control to keep an eye out for her and Dean’s lips rolled back from his teeth.
The Xuphrek seemed to flatten out like a pancake and, to Dean, it seemed to split open like a rotten tomato, writhing and boiling inside, and what came out of it, wet and smelly and wild eyed was the biggest fucking bear Dean had ever had the misfortune to ever see in his life.
“Humans are not meant to have grace, Dean. They are too emotional—too unpredictable. That much power at the disposal of something so easily swayed could be disastrous.”
“I can agree that it’s a demon, but the Crawling Ones were accounted for. There were six when we made our first attack, and there were six when the last wave was withdrawn.”
Dean’s brows pulled together and he turned his head, eyed the bodies littering the floor between overturned shelves, felt bile rise up his throat when he recognized two of their ruined faces from the service station. Hands gripping and tearing, faces twisted and warped to black eyed wretchedness.
Castiel was already at the bed, had chosen the side closest to the door and turned down the covers. The sheets made crisp noises against themselves, Dean expected them to be crinkly and uncomfortable, but he was wrong, so wrong.
Dean pushed up to his feet and rubbed a hand roughly through Sputnik’s ruff; “Can’t be any worse than Hell.”
The TV clicks on when she finishes the third repetition and Dean feels his heart jump in his chest as she starts a forth. It’s always a bad sign when TVs click on without being touched. Doesn’t anybody else understand that?
There isn’t anything satisfying about it. His hands shake and he only stays up by virtue of the fact she’s all warm inside and the way she rocks in his lap means there’s stimulation. It… it’s overwhelming. The weight of her, the CLOSENESS— He wanted to push her back, shove her away and separate himself from the feeling. She was too close, too soft and the noises she made in his ear were just… All it would take would be his hands wrapped around her neck and a little pressure and those noises would be panic instead of need. She tried to kiss him but he turned away searching for air, for a way out. He felt restrained, pinned. What should have felt wonderful or at least ‘good’ caused his chest to tighten and his vision to shrink in at the edges.
Sam’s in a hospital learning how to cope with paralysis and Dean’s on the road with an angel who hasn’t quite grasped the importance of bathroom breaks until his vessel’s bladder is so full he can’t sit straight.
Sam’s mouth falls open a little and he makes a hollow dumb sound in the back of his throat; “Uhhhh—“
Sam bares his teeth, reaches over and paws at Dean’s chest looking for wounds or the lumps and dips of broken ribs. He doesn’t feel any and a quick swipe of his hand over Dean’s back proves there are no pieces of glass impaling him and it doesn’t sound like his lungs are collapsed.
“Easy,” Sam’s voice was just a whisper and Dean clamped his eyes closed, afraid to look, afraid his brother’s color will still be snuffed out by black.
“Right now? Nothing… We’ll just keep doing what we’re doing and I’ll keep chipping away at this bubble until it doesn’t hurt so much or it pops.”
The Psychiatrist is helpful as she can be. Meets Sam’s eyes and catalogues his responses. Maybe that’s why Dean opted not to be on point.
He settles himself in his chair in the corner and drums his fingers against the arm rests for a few minutes, until Ellen gives him the stink eye.
It’s quiet the room feels empty and Dean feels his eyes moving around and catching on shadows, the play of sunlight through the bushes outside the motel window.  They look like hands and claws and he shudders, pulls the curtains and tosses Sputnik’s ball for a while. Turns on Sam’s computer and scans a few more pages of forum crap, turns it off and boots up his own, decimates minesweeper and nearly jumps out of his skin when his phone rings.
He exhales, hadn’t even realized he’d been holding his breath and nods; "That’s what I’ve been tryin’ to tell ya!”
Bobby is suspicious but doesn’t ask many questions and the ones he does ask aren’t because he’s being nosy but because he actually cares.
Sam took a slow deep breath and rubbed his face, turned away from Dean’s empty bed and ground his teeth. “Asshole… He’s a fucking asshole,” He levered himself up and threw back the blankets, made sure his chair was within reach and began the morning task of transferring himself over.
She laughed quietly and nodded, made a note on her order pad and asked if there was anything else they needed.
and something about nipples like strawberries. He ducks out after the ice he’s had on Dean’s scalp and shoulder is all melted and when he comes back Dean’s thrown the pillows to the corners of the room and is sitting up against the headboard staring at him woozily. The bandanna Sam had tied around his head is over by the window half under the table and the glass of water on the bedside table is half empty. Some of it is on Dean’s shirt, some of it is still in the glass, but the majority of it looks to have made it down Dean’s throat and hasn’t made a reappearance as of yet.
There was a car show in Wisconsin. Castiel had felt three flicks of heat from the pendant hanging around his neck since he’d followed one here earlier, but he couldn’t make himself leave.
“Country-boys? Really?” Dean was slightly pink in the face. “Cowboy boots and Stetsons and-and all that shit?”
Sam nods and works soap deeply into Sputnik’s chest and belly to get out all the sand. “We will. Any idea of how to kill it yet?”
It comes as a shock that this guy, this poor stupid guy actually existed somewhere, that maybe maybe—“You’re possessing some poor bastard?“
Dean felt the buzz of his thoughts but couldn’t manage to find words or meaning in them; “Cas, I can’t, man… I’m exhausted. I need sleep. I’m—“ He sighed, “I’m too tired for this. Just talk already.”
And the next second he’s slammed face first into the rough outer wall of the cabin and pinned there by something that feels the size of a freight train, bearing down on him with an energy that feels as if it dwarf his own but resonates in his chest as being the same, or almost the same, like a pair of identical knives, one blunt, one sharpened. Guess which is which.
Zechariah smiles sadly; “Don’t you just want it to be over? Don’t you deserve a little bit of peace, Dean?”
Dean pushed back from the table and went for the stairs, took them two at a time. He came back down a moment later carrying the book, flipping quickly through the pages. “You remember what year it was?”
Sam watched him go, awed and perhaps a little confused. That hard burr of fear in his stomach was gone. Dean wasn’t abandoning him, wasn’t going to give him up for a lost cause as Sam had been so ready to do to him not long ago.
“You’re kidding!” Her Other face curls, snarls and reshapes itself. Dean can feel it like a weird undercurrent when he looks at her, part of his mind tells him he can see it, but all there is to look at is the angry face of some brunette chick in a leather jacket.
Dean doesn’t look at him, can’t, just stays crouching there in the path and scratches Sputnik’s head and neck when she comes up with the ball in her mouth, tail wagging happily.
His teeth click together so sharply he nips the end of his tongue. She’s radiating energy, SMOTHERING him with it, smothering everything.
Destiny cackled, “Sam, chill out! Your brother and his boyfriend can spend the whole weekend in the hot tub for all I care— You deserve to get out and have a little fun!”
He tried the silver blade and a run-of-the-mill kitchen carving knife next. Gave them the same treatment and had to lay down in the floor for a while because Sputnik was making those low ‘Whuff’ sounds in her throat.
Dean snuffed and shifted his hands into the pockets of his coat. “I’ve had enough torturing to last a thousand lifetimes, Sam… So, no. I’m not going to wait and see if it works. You can give me the whole dear diary version later,” He gave a full bodied shiver; “Keys.”
The porch steps groaned as they made their way up and Sputnik pulled on her lead—didn’t seem to want to advance any further than the walk. Dean pulled a little harder until her vest was bunching the extra skin around her neck and face up and she looked more like a Shar Pei than a corgi.
He pressed his hands together tightly trying to find some kind of balance. There was no resistance, there was no grace between his palms. No air in his lungs—LUNGS! Throat—Trachea, heart—stomach. Bowels—stomach rumbling emptysoemptyit HURTS—
The line had buzzed but he hadn’t thought anything of it. There were power lines running above the street, it was normal… right?
“Well,” Sam motioned to his computer screen; “Tracy’s not as wholesome as she looks… I did some digging and apparently she got into a violent altercation with one of her teachers,” He passed over the laptop and watched Dean scan the report. “Got suspended from school.”
She huffs out a breath and to Dean it sounds amused. “I spent two years at college, Dean. What do you think?”
He sat and waited. Watched the boats go in and out, heard Sam’s prayers and Bobby Singer’s as well. Heard the indistinct bids for communication from Sputnik. Images and smells and a bottomless, helpless NEEDWORRYFEARSADNESS.
There is no pain… Just something muted and dull in his head and joints. He feels like he’s forgotten something.
Jo hated it, made disgusted sounds in the mirror; “I don’t look like I’m wearing any at all! My skin looks blotchy!”
He started carrying a stick after a while, would prod the ground in front of him before he stepped on it. If the stick sank into the dirt he’d walk around it. He was a human in Purgatory. He wasn’t like the monsters who could regenerate themselves after a while, after their bodies had rotted away they crawled out of the ground again elsewhere. If Dean died here he wouldn’t come back. He wouldn’t be able to get Cas out of here, he wouldn’t be able to get out of here… So he had to be careful.
All Dean can think about is how Dad had completely forgotten his birthday three years in a row. Sam had been little, hadn’t really understood the whole concept of birthdays yet. Dean remembered sitting in the back of the car huddled in one of Dad’s coats with baby Sammy waiting for Daddy to come back. How it had gotten dark and started snowing and he’d been able to see his breath. Remembers that was the year Dad glared at him and leaned back over the seat with blood splattered on his face and an angry intensity in his eyes and told him to shut his mouth that big boys don’t cry goddammit.
Stephanie keeps staring at the floor, most likely where she found her husband’s body. There’s a little bit of a stain between two of the floorboards and her eyes keep going to it while she talks.
He tightens his hands into fists, afraid to move, afraid to even breathe lest angels drop out of nowhere and ‘Stop’ him from doing it.
They’re on their backs staring up at the sky, all orange from the snowfall and city lights watching flakes as big as silver dollars fall slowly downdowndown. They’re in a weird position, some sort of yin-yang where Dean’s splayed out on his back with his mouth open catching and snapping his sharp teeth at flakes that drift close enough and Sam’s about six inches above him, could turn his head and knock Dean in the eye with his chin if he wanted, instead he’s laughing quietly as Dean chomps at another snowflake like he’s an overexcited beagle.
By four that evening there was a Blazer parked in the yard and Bobby had started putting together steak and baked potatoes for dinner. He had time enough to explain to his guests what had happened, point out the angel—who was out cold on his couch—the obstinate silence from the panic room and the huddled mass under a pile of quilts in the upstairs guest room before the nightly calls started pouring in.
“Home…” He coughs and the world swims before his eyes, his throat is sore, has he been screaming? “Take—take me home.”
Crowley’s face twisted into a grin beneath his stolen host’s; “And this leads ineffably to the big question… Do we have a deal?”
Dean practically pouted; “We’re getting’ another one before we deal with this. Seriously, Sam. Best ham I’ve had in my life!”
Okay, vampire who decided to not only kidnap them, but steal Dean's car too. This was a first. Usually they bit first and asked questions never.
Sam leans against the dresser across from his brother and props open his journal; “’And he bloodied Death under the newborn sky. Sweet to taste, but bitter when once devoured.’”
The tension in her little body eased and she wiggled between his hands licking her lips in an attempt to get to his face, but he stood instead and turned to stare down at Dean.
He pushed out, withdrew a little more from his vessel, hovered over the city, watched people entering and exiting the gas station, families in the housing development, farther away Bobby and Rufus in the hotel… no, not in the… yes—no—therenotthere.
Castiel felt it then, the dismissal. It wasn’t a cold dismissal, wasn’t an insult, but Dean wanted him to go. NEEDED him to go because something was raw and torn loose inside him and Castiel’s presence was like salt in the wound.
There are hands on his wrists, sharp hard claw like nails digging into his chest cavity, rippingTEARING at anything they can reach, grasping ribs like twigs and bending them back—breaking them away and throwing them to the beasts that salivated and roared for attention, howling and gnawing and chewing, eyes alight and so gleeful.
He doesn’t want it to be there, feels bile sliding up his throat just thinking about it, but he can’t move because he’s close—everything feels tight and hot and if he hadn’t woken up he would have screamed  he’s sure of it because he knows where that dream was going, even if Alistair was having new conversations with him, he knew what was going to happen. The same as every other time. He would have screamed himself awake with a mess in his shorts and all over his hand and Sammy would have come back running and found him like that.
Dean talks, whispers that he knows it’s stupid but since he saw it—since he encountered it, didn’t that make what he’d seen real? Didn’t that mean the versions of himself and Castiel he had seen were real people? But the flux of his emotions under it say more than he can.
Vaguely Dean is aware of Castiel, still pinned to the wall by his blade, is aware of Sam pulling at his clothes, but Dean feels something else. Feels a growing tingle under his skin, a charge working up from his feet to the top of his head. He wonders if he’s about to be struck by lightning but—
Dean nodded, sat because Adler was easing into a chair across the desk from him. Sputnik sat on his feet, vigilant and looking up at him expectantly. “I’m just doing my job—“
Stephanie is reasonably distraught, stands a good six feet from Sam with her arms crossed defensively. She’s been berated by the police already, probably had neighbors whispering behind their hands. She doesn’t look like she’s slept in the two days since the incident, Sam can’t blame her. Truthfully, he hasn’t gotten much sleep either lately, for completely different reasons.
“Dean—Hey—Hey, what is it?” She stops moving, just sits there staring at him with part of him still inside her and he—He doesn’t want this anymore, doesn’t want some stranger touching him, doesn’t want his body considered public property… He doesn’t want to share his skin when he’s just got it back. He doesn’t want it to happen again, doesn’t want himself cut into pieces like they had in Hell. He hadn’t had anything there, hadn’t had ANYTHING— not even his thoughts. Everything he’d done was because he’d been told, because he’d been struck and cut and burned and everything he was had been stolen. He had become nothing but the sum of his tortures, nothing but the rage and pain and hatred.
Dean nodded, jaw pushed forward as he fought to swallow a burning feeling in his throat. He snuffed, looked at the floor to focus himself, and with a grunt of sore muscles, pushed to his feet.
There was a shitty little bar called the Wagon Wheel down the road that was playing loud early nineties country music, and when Dean mentioned it jokingly upon his return, Jo swiped the keys to the Prius, and snagged her jacket and burritos on the way out; “Don’t wait up for me guys!”
“Luck is not our style. Her friends don’t know where she is, it’s like the bitch hopped a broomstick,” Dean twirled the room key on his finger and rubbed at his stomach again.
There’s something standing in the corner. Hunched and brown-gray with hollow empty eyes— It looks like a man and when Dean turns he sees something else. Something that sucks all the light out of the room and looks BACK at him—
He nods, speaks through his fingers as if that may filter out the context of his words; “For about a year now.”
Dean dropped the bag on the table in front of her and plunked down the go-cup of coffee. “Black, like your soul.”
“Like that’s ever stopped us before?” He snorted; “Dean, I’ve seen you driving with one hand and holding pressure on a bullet wound with the other.”
Dean swallowed nervously; “It already does. I can do the whole Fester Aadams thing with a lightbulb in my mouth.”
Dean stumbles to keep up with whoever’s got hold of him, reaches back and claws at the hands gripping his clothes: “HEY!”
Jo saw Dean step out of the room, saw the grin he threw at her over his shoulder and had to grind her teeth to keep from cursing audibly. He came back into the room a few minutes later sticking something into the inner pocket of his blazer, the grin had become smug and Jo wanted to throw her pencil at his stupid face.
Future Dean isn’t fighting it. Seems perfectly content to let it happen. Maybe he can’t move, maybe he does want it to happen. Maybe he just wants it to be over—
“Get in line!” Ellen’s tone changed instantly. Perturbed and worried and angry. “Where are you? I’ll try to find him with the GPS.”
“Just… yanno, strictly platonic soul touching… right? No slippin’ one past the goalie while my eyes are closed, OK?”
Dean says something, he doesn’t know what it is, rubs his cheek into his pillow, only half realizes Sputnik’s snuggled up under his arm like a pillow or something and grunts lazily. It’s weird, but he hasn’t been this relaxed in a while and it—it feels nice.
Dean ended up getting burritos because the only other restaurant near by was some Chinese place that was packed to the rafters and he didn’t feel like dealing with it.
“You listen to conversations from other rooms. You pick up on Sam’s emotions, or Bobby, Ellen and Jo’s—“
By Eight o-clock Sputnik’s on her cushion in the corner of Dean’s office with her tennis ball and Dean is mid-conversation with his sales team.
The river near by grew ice on its edges, Dean’s breath came out in silvery puffs… but he wasn’t cold. He passed it off as the sickness from the berries and curled around his stomach a little more tightly.
It’s a long drive, the roads get worse the closer to Sioux Falls they get, Sam watches semi-trucks pass them with his jaw clenched nervously. Catches Dean gripping his knees and staring straight ahead like he can FEEL how close they get.
In that moment he didn’t understand Jimmy Novak at all. Why would he want to give this up? Why would he want to escape this—THIS?
Dean nodded and moved off toward his bedroom, then looked at Castiel expectantly until the angel rolled his eyes and climbed under the blankets himself.
He felt like a baby oddly enough. Like those squalling infants in car seats their parents toted around grocery stores. Crying because they were so hungry and tired and didn’t understand why.
“You should eat more yogurt,” Sam said digging in his toiletries case for his medication. “Really helps with gas—”
Dean found it mildly amusing and spent a few seconds taking in the overt theme of the room, waited while Sam shuffled back in and took a seat on the bed. Dean leaned his hips back against the dresser and expelled a breath through pursed lips. As glad as he was that Sam had gotten himself laid, there was important business to take care of. Like the fate of his brother's soul; “So, tell me… What was the cost?”
Dean flinched and fisted his hands together between his knees, his teeth found the divot in his lower lip where they always seemed to rest now and sank in just enough to sting.
Castiel looks away, focuses on the wall and the flicker is gone from his eyes, there’s nothing but cool composure in its wake; “You need to leave this town immediately, because we’re about to destroy it.”
Dean stared at him, thought maybe that was as close to sex hair as he’d ever seen on Castiel and was suddenly and perfectly overwhelmed with the knowledge that no, he’d seen ACTUAL SEX hair on him before—And everything flooded back.
There’s nobody there. No living person, no reanimated corpses. No ghosts… But the beeping continues.
“We’re looking for a way to fix it. Dean, Cas—Bobby, Ellen and Jo—All of them, they’re all looking for a way to fix it.”
He tried to make himself cough them up, shoved stained sticky fingers down his throat and swallowed air and Jesus—oh, Jesus. He’d survived three months in purgatory only to be taken out by fucking poison berries.
“Ya think!” Dean jabs a finger at Chuck and the sound of his own voice goes through his head like a pike; “This is the guy who decides our fate?”
Others were grey and underlain with grief and pain so thick it left a taste in Castiel’s mouth, rituals and an empty hole in his chest thinking of Sam out there all alone and Dean locked away in Hell with no way out. Castiel saw love in those instances, in all of them. Bobby acted out of love and hope and desperation soured by whiskey and too long alone.
Sam could see shapes near the water, a boat of some kind was tethered to the dock—The crones’ means of escape no doubt— Two of the three witches were lying motionless in the snow in the path, but the third… The third was screaming—
The windows were boarded up and the bay doors were padlocked, rusted and immovable. He could feel the demons in there, writhing, like the sucking vortex of a whirlpool, a current that grabbed onto the grace in his chest and PULLED. HUNGERED.
She could not find Castiel, nor could she find Dean when she looked for them. The last place Dean had been was burning and she stretched out her senses to watch the building collapse in on itself from the heat and intensity of the flame.
“It’s important to me and to the company, that you’re happy… I’ve been authorized to make you an offer to ensure that happiness,” He slides a little scrap of paper across the desktop toward Dean. And reclines in his seat with a smarmy looking grin on his face.
He pushes to his feet, seems to tower over Dean, some cosmic immensity of wrath and ruin even as the body he’s contained in is two inches shorter than Dean and smells like sweat and antiseptic. “Zechariah is much more powerful than I am at my full strength. He used his grace to injure Sam. Even if I was fully charged I would be unable to undo what he’s done. It’s only by virtue of his underestimation that I’m still alive… I CAN NOT heal Sam, Dean.”
The doctor’s eyebrows went up. “Atlas Promenade?” He gave a low whistle; “That’s quite a pedigree… And she’s in Service? You haven’t put her in any shows?”
—wearing different faces, but they didn’t cause trouble. They were two consenting adults, nobody could stop them. The third though was a stranger into kidnapping young girls, shifting into Dave and recording himself raping them, then slicing and dicing them alive and leaving them naked in dumpsters. Effectively framing Dave for murder.
His voice freezes in his throat and he clenches his jaws, biting the words off. Feels futile and stupid and Jesus he’s an idiot. It was a dream. A DREAM because a fucking Djinn poisoned him. It’s no more significant than the nightmares and hallucinations he has when he’s given morphine
Dean doesn’t say anything. Doesn’t even turn to look at his brother. Sam’s drunk enough that he doesn’t catch the tiny shift of Dean’s hands on the steering wheel, doesn’t recognize the abrupt tension in his brother’s shoulders or the way his jaw clenches and his lower lip pulls between his teeth to stop it from quivering.
“No…” Castiel swiped his tongue over his lips, fire and electricity danced across it. “This is somewhat…  overwhelming.”
“Oh, jeez…” Dean rolls his head on his shoulders, can just imagine that Chuck’s psychic whatever come to him while he’s jerking off. That’d just be their luck.
Rufus wiped sweat from his brow; “So, we walk in after dark and hope to hell that when you shot the damned thing, you killed it, or we’re gonna have one angry monster on our hands.”
Benny looked at him with his mouth tense and his eyes somehow sad. “Yeah. Yeah, you told me alright.”
There’s not much in this world, as pure as being able to take your hands and make something with them. Creation is probably more satisfying than destroying things, but Dean would take what he could get. The truck’s paint was dry. Pristine, flawless. He gave it a wax and buff, stepped back and admired his work.
“I’ll submit to your lessons if you’ll alow me to teach you how to properly use your grace so you don’t cause yourself further harm.”
Chuck’s words are simple, sometimes repetitive and overly romantic on occasions, but reading them brings it all back. Every bit of it. The words on the page are pale comparison to actually living it. Actually feeling it. He winds up with his fingers in the dog’s fur, scratching between her shoulders as he reads, relives it. She rests her head on his thigh and waits, patient and familiar until he’s reached the end.
He stumbles, hands up, half flinched back, like maybe he was beat up a lot as a kid and is half expecting it now. Dean kinda does want to punch him, just for the principle of the thing. This guy’s been looking into their LIVES. He’s documented THINGS. This guy KNOWS THINGS about Dean that Dean doesn’t want anybody to know!
“Wait a second,” Sam stabbed some of his eggs with his fork; “You said your blade could be taken away… What if—What if we had an archangel’s blade?”
Castiel steps back again, like he’s caught in perpetual motion, coming and going, to and fro, pulled back and drawn away. No wonder the poor guy’s tired; “I’m sorry, but we have our orders.”
“Did you see that? How’d you do that? It just—“ Sam made a noise like an explosion and his fingertips sprung apart; “—It—he—You poofed him! You poofed a ghost!”
He rationalized that it’s like being in an abusive relationship, only there’s no hope of escape or your partner ever killing you, it will literally go on forever and ever and ever without end. It gets to the point that the constant unending agony is preferable to the stillness, the anticipation, because you KNOW it is going to start again, it’s only a matter of time and the ‘kindness’ hurts worse only because it gives you hope that they’re not just doing it so you’ll break so pretty for them and lose a little more of yourself.
Dean and Sam turn in unison and find her looking at them from her cushion. She’s got her tooth over her lip again eyes on Dean. It’s not her alert bark. Not really, but it’s close enough to make Dean nervous and the pounding ache building in his head to multiply when he lets out the breath he’s been holding.
He shook himself, paced back and forth with his fingers tangled in his hair. “How did you undo it? How did you UNDO IT!” He prayed, asked Cas what to do, how to fix it. “I don’t want to be a monster, Cas… I don’t—I don’t want to change into anything. I’m me, I just want to be me!” He wished and prayed and WANTED for Purgatory to take it away, to make him fully human again, to FIX IT… But the change had already been made. There was no undo button.
Castiel said he might be able to sense the whereabouts of Dean’s gun if the grace he had pushed through it had lingered in the metal.
Dean had known, somewhere, at least, that the drain he and Castiel climbed into wasn’t supposed to be flushing actual septic waste. So, finding the hole in the wall and the broken sewage pipes answered at least where the sewage had come from. And the dark stains around it told him that Big Bad and Ugly was in the area, or had been since he’d shot it.
Dean just blinks at him and shrugs; “What? You got hurt in Purgatory you died… Had to do something.”
“You didn’t even try,” Sam rolled his eyes and glanced into the rearview at the back seat. “Castiel’s asleep and he’s still adamant that angels don’t sleep.”
“Alright,” Zechariah let out a long cold breath and displayed his palms; “We might have planted that little bit of prophecy in Chuck’s skull, but it happened to be true. We DID lose the Michael Sword. We truly couldn’t find it.”
Bill gave Jay a look, one of those significant looks. Dean knew them well because he shared them with Sam or Castiel often enough.
“I don’t—” Castiel’s mouth opened and closed, shook a little as he spoke; “The memory of the event of my darkening and the binding of Dean Winchester’s soul was sealed away to protect my sanity—”
Benny grunted, not in the least bit surprised, and passed the paper bag back through the window. “I can be stubborn too you know. But at least I have the decency to save it for when it’s deserved,” The bag thumped down on the mattress between Sam and Dean and spilled out a package of trail mix, beef jerky, some run-of-the-mill pain killers, and a bottle of orange juice. “Consider it a peace offering,” Benny said and snapped the rear window closed.
Sam talks in his sleep. Whines and tosses his head, curses and thrashes and fights with invisible enemies. Once or twice his eyes come open and dart around frantically, land on Dean or Bobby and hold there like he’s afraid of them, is waiting for them to lash out at him. Eventually his eyes will slide closed and he’ll go still for a while, but each minute feels like an eternity.
Dean bares his teeth and levels his gun in the bastard’s face; “Oh, I’ve got a surprise for you,” He breathes deep and focuses, opens up those little vein like pathways in himself and lets the grace flood into his hands, through his fingers and through the metal of his gun. It heats under his hands and for an instant he fears the bullets exploding in the clip but they don’t and when he exhales the weapon SHINES in his hand.
“You don’t care, do you… You really don’t care about all the shit I’ve done… the things I’ve caused,” He rubs his nose on his wrist and digs his fingers into her coat, scratches his nails gently against her head and neck.
Delusions, that’s what the doctor says. Schizophrenia. Anna thought demons were after her. She hands Anna’s sketchbook to Sam and he can feel the tension building in Dean’s frame as he pages through it.
“Pamela,” Bobby’s voice is low, barely holding back the pain of his hand being crushed; “I think we better stop—“
Dean feels the weight of his own gaze like a crushing force. He slides off the table and is tempted to defy Him, tempted to try and fight him, for the simple fact that he hates this guy right now. Hates him more than he’s hated anyone—and he realizes, standing there, that it should scare him how much he hates himself. It should evoke some kind of emotional response anyway. Nobody should hate themselves this much, for any reason.
Sam breathes for a moment, steadies himself and pushes his voice out a little louder; “Dean is Michael’s vessel.”
Dean pushes himself up to his full height, every muscle tight; “Get the hell out of here,” He says it like a joke, but he means it, will rage and fight and tear with his fingers and teeth because he wants this—this THING, this ‘ANGEL’ gone. “There’s no such thing.”
Sam tried to make small talk and when that didn’t work, started pouring over the books Bobby had left spread out. He read passages aloud about pagan gods, Norse mythology, Hel was the goddess of the underworld—Dean shook his head. Maybe a reaper—No… Kali was a possibility, she was the Dark Mother—Dean shook his head yet again, didn’t say why, just shook his head.
His throat dries up and there are no words. Because I should have known better? Because I should BE better? Jesus he sounded like an asshole even in his own head.
“Then take another vessel,” The voice startles them both. Dean apparently, has become lighter on his feet than even Benny. He has become silent and right now there is a look on his face that is both fierce and terrified.
Dean’s hands come up again and bump dumbly at the bandage wrapped around his head, feels nauseated and off kilter. “’he burnt out my eyes.”
He pushed on, told himself it was senseless human sentiment and meant absolutely nothing, but part of him still clung to the issue. Part of him still fought in the rear of his mind.
“If I tap more fully into your grace I can syphon off enough to mark both of you with concealment sigils. And if Sam is capable of lucid dreaming he should be able to expel any angel that makes contact with him if he is forceful enough.”
“No… She’s a demon, Dean… She would have figured out a way to weasel out of it and we wouldn’t be here to stop her.”
Dean’s skin crawled as he climbed out of the car and stared at it, in his head all he could see was the mess of twenty-fourteen and he wanted to grab something and destroy it.
“Yeah, but that was different then. You… I don’t like sending you out alone like this, incase something happens.”
Bobby stared, his soup started to boil and still he stared at the money; “What the hell did you do, rob a bank?”
“OLD Enochian,” Castiel said, pushing his head closer to the phone. Dean leaned away from him with a curled lip.
Dean cursed and shuffled over with his hand held to his chest, tried not to stare side long down the gaping maws of unexplored culverts and followed.
Dean would have been scared if the guy didn’t look like such a fucking tool, as it was he just stared, surprised, “Son of a bitch…”
Dean peered down the road in shock, turned to Castiel and wetted his lips; “How big do these things get again?”
The first machine after his stretches was simple, Sam hefted round weights to the back of it, one by one and stacked them on a peg, put a cotter pin through the top of the peg and circled to the front again, backed his chair into it and locked the wheels. It was rather ingenious, or so Dean thought. Sam pressed down on the hand grips and the weight lifted. He did this for a few minutes, took a break to stretch his arms and shoulders, and repeated it twice more, then moved on to another machine.
He hits the ground hard and far away across the fields he hears a noise, maybe a bell and for a moment he hears music in his head. Remembers driving, Sam in the passenger seat, the road stretched out infinitely in front of them, golden green wheat fields on either side of them. Nebraska, Oklahoma, fuck knows. They’ve got the windows down, it’s hot, the radio’s playing. Sam’s eating a Snickers Bar and looking at a map, laughing carefree and guiltless.
Dean’s mouth twitched into a frown, eyes locked on his keys. He nodded and after a minute looked up again; “Cas…”
Dean grimaced, pressing his thumb against the edge of it. It was already reddened and sore, itching. It was kind of fascinating seeing the edges of his skin gap open, even if it left him feeling a little woozy.
Dean saw his legs dangling in dead air some twelve feet or more above the ground. Pinned to the stone of the chapel wall amid a mad tangle of spider webs and mildewed rat’s nests.
She noses into his palm and lays back down, head on his ribs, tail thumping against the mattress, short little legs stretched out beneath her.
He doesn’t seem to hear Dean at all; “What if it’s something neither of us can stop? What if this is what Dad warned you about?”
They stopped for the night in Midstate New York at hotel that was higher class than Sam thought was their norm. There was an elevator to the second floor, and free continental breakfast from six thirty to nine. The carpet wasn’t even stained.
“It's not like that.” Dean brushed his thumb against the angel's knuckles soothingly. “He needs all of us.”
Sam’s phone ringing breaks whatever tenuous hold on bonelessness Dean’s had and Sam shoves the monstrous button riddled contraption into his hands; “What do you want me to do with it?” Dean grumbles and rubs his face, squints and has to fight with the thing to get it answered. “too many fuckin’ buttons,” he presses it to his ear; “Hello?”
Sam knocks his hands away and combs his fingers through Dean’s matted hair, shakes a little more and lets the saltwater drip off his cheeks. “No… no hospitals.”
Sam shakes his head, “This whole thing was POINTLESS, you understand that, right? The demons aren’t doing the hits. Something else is killing your soldiers.”
The cart was a gift, the Angel hadn’t said so, but why else would someone give him a wrapped secret?
Castiel pulled off his tie and unbuttoned his shirt, draped both over the back of his chair, toed off his shoes and approached the bed. Settled on his back across the mattress from Dean, a wall between the hunter and the door.
The mirror gives another sharp crack and Dean throws himself to the side as it tumbles down, shards like knives, cutting slicing, tearing—
Where the fuck have you been? Why won’t you DO something! Why are you letting monsters run around and rip people to shreds? Why is it my responsibility to save them? You’re supposed to be their father, why don’t you grow a pair and start acting like it! Why can’t you get off your feathery ass and fix what you broke!
Dean took his shot and two more, collected his meager winnings and gave Castiel a look with his eyebrow up while the three guys he’d been playing regrouped in the corner to contemplate another game.
“Wait, wait,” Sam was chuckling too, waved his hand a little to get her attention, “What does that mean?” He repeated the sign.
For an instant, before he opens his eyes, he thinks it’s all been a dream. Hell, the angels, Cas and Castiel… Thinks blissfully that it was all just one djinn fueled nightmare. But then he opens his eyes and finds himself staring into Uriel’s disapproving face.
His breath hitches and she can see his face in a bar of light slanting through the gap between two boards in the wall. His eyes are wet—look like they’ve been that way for a while. She says his name softly, trying to draw him back. “I was just kidding, you know—“
Sam walks over a moment later with the salsa and the bag of chips. He stares at the pills over Dean’s shoulder then picks up the bottles and reads the labels, opens them when Dean hands a few back and watches his brother press the remaining capsules between his lips, like teeth or something. Dean shuffles over and picks up one of Bobby’s bottles of holy water and takes a swig.
Sam swallowed; “Yeah, I may have heard of it… What’s that got to do with anything? Moss Dogs aren’t aquatic.”
“That's where you're very wrong, you see,” He pointed to the oatmeal; “This tasteless goop is only doing one thing for this body right now, and that one thing is going to clog your toilets.”
He turns away from the mirror and takes in his surroundings, pushes the thoughts away, eases his way around the shop as if he has every right to be there. He grabs up a candy bar on his way, tears it open and chomps in, fills a plastic bag with chocolate, bottled water and simply because he can snatches up the latest issue of ‘Asian Beauties. I mean, why not, not like he’s actually paying for it.
He was quiet for a moment, face blank, body only minimally responsive. Then he came back to himself, “Not amoxicillin, no.”
Castiel’s looking at him with that light in his eyes, afraid and unsure… like he wants to be told what to do because blindly following orders and not having to consider the consequences is so much easier than thinking for himself. Dean understands that, for the first two weeks after he’d come back it had been the only thing keeping him grounded, in some ways it still was. He ate because Sam ate, he tried to sleep because Sam was sleeping, he fought monsters because then he didn’t have to think about what he’d done and what had been done to him. He buried himself in the here and now so the past couldn’t find him.
His senses sizzled, popped and suddenly there was more—the blackness began to peel back like layers of paint, revealing a completely different picture beneath. It washed over Dean like a wave, silencing the hungry, all consuming pressure of the demon.
Dean lets out a breath and relaxes a little, looks down at his hands and back up; “Alright, I need you to give it to me straight. Just—just say it… This grace in me—You know about that right?” He glances back, sees Chuck nod and continues; “Does that make me—does it make me not human?”
“Look, Winchester. I don’t have time for your bullcrap, alright? I’m gonna give it to you straight. Just play your part. Do the thing, alright? Stop with the Bootstrap crap, and get with the program!”
“It’s strange, how a leaky pipe can undo the work of angels. When we ourselves are supposed to be the agents of fate,” He turns and regards Uriel with his wings folded close and his hands pressed tight to his body.
“Or what? Did you not learn anything on my rack, Dean? I don’t like to be threatened… Kind of a pet-peeve of mine,” He steps closer and a few of his many arms hook on the iron of the chain while a few more reach out toward Dean and scratch at the edges of himself he can’t really see. It hurts—Deep down in the very core of him it HURTS. “Anywho… The moon’s in the right spot, the board is set… Let’s get started, shall we?”
“Castiel said that if I don’t stop you, he will,” His lip trembles and he pulls it between his teeth, steps closer as if trying to get the point across with his physical presence; “Do you get it now? Angels will stop you if I can’t… God, Sam… GOD doesn’t want you doing this.”
“Invisible,” Jesse chewed his little lips, chin to his chest, he fiddled with Plastic Castiel’s articulated wrists again, bent them this way and that. He rubbed a drip from his nose onto the sleeve of his pajamas and looked up; “I’m not leaving without my mom.”
The knife slowly lowers and Dean releases the chair as Bobby pushes it aside, steps close and lifts his empty hand, touches with nervous fingers—And lunges with the knife again.
One of the women was speaking. She was middle-aged, with ginger hair lightly flecked with light blonde or white, it was difficult to tell. Her hands were moving with every word she spoke, something about not being hired because of her deafness, that the manager felt she wouldn’t ‘fit in’. That it would be too difficult for her because, how could someone with total hearing loss work in a bank? The customers at the pneumatic tubes can only be contacted via microphone!
Ruby steps in close, so close he can almost smell Hell on her. “We don’t have time for you to bellyache about Sam going Dark-Side; He does his thing, he exorcises that demon, or we die. We ALL die.”
Dean let out a breath and ground his teeth; “What the hell, man… You run off to the north pole or something?”
Dean pulled his hand back and shook it a little then turned and pointed at the ham with a look of glee on his face. Sam hadn’t seen him that happy in a long time; “You recorded it? You recorded that?”
It rattles something in his chest and he looks at her, feels unsettled bubbling in his middle; “But why me, huh? What about the other souls still stuck down there? What about everyone I tore apart because I couldn’t last just a little longer—“
He snorts, shrugs one shoulder and tilts his face into the wind with a crooked little smirk; “You’re complaining because I got better fast?”
He’s thrashing by the time Bobby makes it in, his eyes are rolling dizzily, unfocused and he’s fighting with Sam, he’s got more strength in him that seems possible considering he’s only half conscious. He snarls and threatens them, the words slurred so badly it’s impossible to understand him and he’s got flecks of spit foamed in the corners of his mouth.
Dean wouldn’t admit it. To ANYONE. But he didn’t like not being behind the wheel. It wasn’t just because it was his car either. Dean also, as of late, had realized that if he wasn’t constantly watching the road and maneuvering the car, or trying to sleep, he became terribly—uncontrollably—car sick.
Ellen had the Tupperware containers already setting out on the countertop with a fork and plate ready, but Dean bypassed them, put the bowl in the microwave and sat down with it and a fork at the table.
He grunts, flops his head and his eyes pry open, lips pouted, almost like he was going to ask for five more minutes.
And Castiel turns to stare at him, there is something utterly human on his face. Dean’s seen it before, feels it jolt through his core like a knife and remembers sitting in the Impala in the Djinn world looking at His Cas just seconds after he’d slugged him in the arm.
Nick Munroe is ordinary looking, brown hair, dark eyes. Dean gives him a funny look, like maybe he’s seen the guy before and Sam has to do the talking.
Sam sees his brother then, wet and hurt and bleeding everywhere, but more than that he can see scars across Dean’s shoulders, silvery pink and shaped like archaic letters. Sees the four checkmarks cracked and seemingly burned at the edges from Tallulah’s cut. As if she’d broken some seal and let all the magic out.
His vision narrowed and darkened at the edges and he tripped over a pile of garbage bags, went down on his chest, palms ripping against the asphalt, amulet turned and stabbing into his chest just above that sensitive dip of scar tissue. He didn’t think, just forced himself up and kept moving, teeth ground together, the taste of blood in his mouth, world BURNING with color around him.
Dean pressed his lips together tightly and looked away, felt the words and the pressure of Bobby’s anger like a physical presence expanding between them. It became so oppressive so quickly he took a step back and folded in on himself.
“Yeah, I need to workout more…” He shakes his head; “Me and you got a date with a treadmill this weekend, dog. That’s all there is to it.”
It’s as they’re leaving that Dean notices the jingling, but he doesn’t FIND it until that evening in the hotel room as he’s pulling off Sputnik’s sweater and vest.
Ellen made a shushing noise above him, leaned close and whispered in his ear; “You stopped it… You did good.”
Looking back on it, twenty flights of stairs when he can’t even see straight may not have been a good idea. It takes almost an hour. Dean doesn’t feel fat like he knows he should, in fact he feels stretched too thin, slouches in the passenger seat of his little car with Sputnik between his feet, head against his shin looking up at him with big dark sad eyes while Sam tries to navigate the streets.
Sometimes it’s worse. Sometimes it’s the r—the rape and Alastair’s wearing faces other than Cas’s. He’d had vague memories of it being like this, but he’d pushed them back and away. He’d been too bothered by them to let them be remembered, it was easier to accept it from the face that had looked like his Cas, because his Cas wasn’t real—But now… Then again, maybe the head injury had helped with keeping those memories at bay, maybe it hadn’t. Maybe they’d been sucked into that bubble Zechariah had made in his head along with the rest purely by accident. Perhaps Zech had been inordinately kind and decided that memories of a demon violating him wearing… looking
The first was stretches. Sam heaved himself onto the mat at Dean’s side and went through a series of poses. Lifted one leg over the top of the other and pulled his heel toward his crotch, then repeated it with the other leg. Dean tried it, curiously but couldn’t manage it, wound up with a stiff cramp in his inner thigh. Sam snorted in amusement.
Each of the crypts is empty save ripped open coffins in various stages of decay, splashes of dark goo and torn fabric.
Castiel looked at him, seemed on the verge of snapping, but took a deep breath and moved away. “I must have a clear, sheltered place to work.”
His chin came up and his eyebrows lifted, voice low and firm, crackling at its edges with warning and unimaginable power. “Dean.”
Bobby lets the dog back in and disappears into the kitchen for a moment, comes back with an unlabeled prescription bottle, says it’s Hydrocodone and sloshes a little holy water into a relatively clean scotch glass.
Dean has sketched out what looks like a dinosaur with too many arms on the fogged up window when Sam returns to the car, is working on a volcano and seems only mildly interested when Sam backs the Impala into the spot in front of room nine.
Dean can still see her in his head. Naked and pale and shivering with eyes wide and panic filled and LOST, BEGGING—
Anna does not come, does not answer when he calls for her. He casts about for a sign of her grace and finds none.
He looks up and it is perhaps more unnerving that he appears so calm than the fact Dean’s looking into his own eyes; “You got a better plan? Because from where I’m standing, this is our last resort. I tried to find God, all it got me was a bunch of dead friends. I tried spells, other angels, pagan gods, witches, tricksters—Got my foot blown off for the effort— I have tried EVERYTHING ELSE. So, I’m gonna walk up to Satan and I’m gonna give him a Dean Winchester breath mint… And you’re gonna watch. You’re gonna see, and when you get back to oh-nine, you’re gonna look Zechariah right in the face and say ‘yes’… With feeling.”
Dean reached for the coin with a glint of amusement in his eyes but Gabriel slapped his fingers. “You leave that alone!”
Dean’s stomach made an ominous rumbling noise and he rolled across the bed toward the bathroom; “I think I know what Jo’s doin’… Give me five minutes and we’ll go check out that house…” He paused, fingers drumming on the door jamb; “Better make that ten.”
He didn’t notice when he stopped getting cold or why until almost two months later. He’d found some kind of berries growing by a bend in the river. They weren’t monster berries—he’d seen those before—these looked like currants. He’d had them once in rural Virginia, an old lady whose late husband had been trying to smother her in her sleep had made him cookies after the deed was done. They were soft and packed with juicy dried currants. He’d eaten so many of them he’d had to drive with his jeans unfastened.
He snuffs loudly, spits a few times and clears his throat but it does nothing to strengthen the rough hiss of his voice; “It was a trap… They—Jesus, Bobby—“ He snarls; “I’m gonna kill him. Fucker—I-I’m gonna kill him!”
Chuck’s mouth opened—and closed tightly; “Nothing… It wasn’t even published anyway… Sera didn’t think it was ‘realistic’… she said I was trying to scratch out a bigger fan base too desperately and compromised my characters,” He fingers the edge of the tabletop; “I can’t believe I did that to you—“
Jesse was staring at him. Dean wanted to snarl and snap and possibly throw things, but the kid kind of scared him. He’d turned Cas into a fucking DOLL!
He had disobeyed—more than that. He had pulled Dean away from whatever edge he’d been perched on with Zechariah’s interrogation and HEALED him. Had disobeyed heaven and made a choice of his own. He was going to Help the Winchesters stop the apocalypse. Go against the Divine Plan.
Dean laughs and it turns into a cough but he seems unbothered by it; “We’re no different than anybody else, Sam.”
He plucked up the cookie she’d hit him with and popped it into his mouth, brow lifting suggestively.
And she’s right, he knows she is, but he can’t. Not now, not tonight. Not with Castiel lying there unconscious and Sam hunting—goneleftabandonedimdangeryoufailedhimyoudidthisitsyourfalut—without him. So he shakes his head, folds his arms over his knees and doesn’t pull away when her fingers continue petting over his hair.
It wasn't a surprise, he'd woken up in stranger places, but it wasn't something he was happy about, being alive notwithstanding. He was in the back of a truck with cardboard taped over the windows and a small, bare light bulb in a socket above his and Dean’s heads.
Buck turns with a shocked yell and the gun goes off. Sam feels the sting of the bullet make a groove across his left bicep and he lunges at the kid, sends him sprawling with a fist to the chin and jerks the gun away, points it at Tallulah as she’s staggering to her feet and cocks it. Yells in the most commanding John Winchester voice he can to get the FUCK away from his brother and OUT of his sight!
Castiel took a deep breath and shuffled around to sit a few feet away, the glow of him dimmed and faded out of his eyes, somehow the concern burned brighter in them without the light at their edges. “Dean, perhaps it would be best if—“
The toddler finally stopped squalling and released a few aborted sounding sobs around a wet lollypop while his mother paid the barber.
Dean wonders briefly where Bobby’s going, wonders how he’s supposed to keep up, then he sees the Impala and Sam makes a noise in his throat;
There’s a smell inside, stale air and rot. The bodies are lying on the living room rug in pools of blood surrounded by a dusting of sulfur.
Dean stood there looking down at himself and wondered nothing really. He’d learned to stop being surprised by all the bullshit that happened. Had started rolling with the punches. Started just existing.
“If it’s either destroy it or let you have it I’d rather let you have it. End of discussion,” Dean crossed his arms testily; “Where the fuck are my pants?” He pushed himself up and stalked around the room, found his jeans draped over the back of a kitchen chair. He yanked them on and stopped at the sink to gulp down a glass of water. Castiel was still sitting there looking somehow surprised.
Dean wanted to argue when Jo came to collect him. He wanted to snarl and slam things around and press OUT threateningly. Wanted to tell Jo that he wasn’t leaving Sam, not now, not ever—
Dean’s knees give out and he finds himself sitting there with his knees bent, watching the world over them with his heart beating in his neck.
His hands shook but he pulled back the cuffs of his shirt and exposed the bloody places he’d been trying to conceal, the thin—almost frail appearance of his wrists, the bones visible beneath thin dry skin, the bruises on his knuckles shaped like his teeth.
His heart was racing, panic or jubilation he couldn’t be sure. But it was something—Something NEW and so different than Hell, so different he felt that maybe, maybe it would erase everything before this point. Purify him—
Dean thinks for a moment that they got the wrong bones, drops into the grave and nudges them around with a stick. It’s then he notices it. “Sam, look.”
Cas is smiling when Dean pulls back in shock of what he’s found. His lips are pulled back gently, kindly, and he just smiles without any kind of feeling and watches Dean try to pull himself together.
“This ain’t a spirit, it’s an animal. Likely a very intelligent animal, but an animal none the less. It’ll be looking for someplace cave like and warm and close to the water to hide in. And if it is sick, you boys better watch your backs—and the rat’s.”
“That’s it, isn’t it…” Dean felt the epiphany deep in his gut; “It’s not that Sputs isn’t there for you to find… it’s that you can’t. Something happened and now you can’t see her.”
Ellen was on the back porch with a cup of coffee, tapping her foot in agitation from her perch on a relocated kitchen chair.
“Aw, well, he’s alive,” Bobby’s eyes are wide and he looks around as if the subject grates on his nerves. “as far as I know.”
“So, you’re just gonna stand there and tell me that it’s all good? That it’s under your control? That you can handle it, Sam?”
“What did you do, eat it all?” Dean found a few more crumpled pieces of foil tucked in the archangel's sleeves.
“You should not use such language in the presence of my bride!” The Dracula stalks forward with slow deliberate steps, eyes wide and wild and streaming from the mace Jamie’s still brandishing at him. He’s got snot running out of his nose and when he speaks it comes out rough and slurred but definitely in a stereotypical ‘Transylvanian’ accent.
He tries to ignore the concerned expression on Sam’s face in favor of watching Pamela, but he can feel it burning on his temple, like Sam’s gaze is a laser beam.
For an instant he can’t believe he heard his brother correctly. He catches the keys, laughs because he can; “I almost forgot!”
Dean doesn’t like it. Something in him instinctually recoils. If he had been standing there physically he may have felt nauseated. “Any idea what it’s for?”
Jay made it to the porch just as Dean was coming across the yard. He pulled back one leg, knee almost to his chin and with a mighty kick knocked the front door open. The smell—
Sam goes out again, leaves Bobby standing there staring at him with a crease on his brow, then comes back in with the bag of Dean’s pills and that godawful foam plastic THING he proceeds to strap around Dean’s throat like a fucking collar. He might as well just chain him to the bed with it.
Sam reached for him again, fingers curled into claws. “If I start screaming the cops will be all over you—“
He rubbed a hand over his face. He knew pushing it down wasn’t a good idea, he’d tried it before with this and wound up—fuck, he’d wound up snapping and hurting himself and Sam had… Sam had been forced to take care of him, Ellen, and Bobby had been forced to take care of him, and Dean was tired of it. He was tired of feeling like a burden, tired of feeling like he was never going to ‘get over’ this.
Benny’s mouth moved silently in his periphery, shaped like his name, hand out and reaching, fingers tearing at empty air some two feet below Dean’s hand.
Sam gets Dean and the dog into the car, slides behind the wheel and pulls him over in the seat, holds him close with his fingers tangled in Dean’s hair and two fingers on his neck counting the erratic beats of his heart. Sputnik lies panting on her side in the floorboard eyes dim and glassy and there is nothing but the sound of their breath, mingled and hectic and the words Sam shouts to the heavens;
It stole his breath and made every muscle in his chest and stomach cramp, ache. Made his eyes water and his felt too skin sensitive, and yet it was like that sense of relief one gets while urinating after holding it for too long. It hurts but at the same time it feels amazing. Dean felt pathways in himself opening up, felt the grace forging little highways between his senses. It—it felt both uncomfortable and euphoric and left him breathing quickly, shivering and covered in gooseflesh.
His heart stuttered in its rhythm like an old 45 with a scratch. His face was surely melting. There was no way he could survive the heat of the outside world and what was suddenly burning in his face, neck, and chest.
He can’t answer. If he opens his mouth he’s going to scream, so he keeps it closed, keeps quiet, doesn’t give them what they want.
Sam stops and stares in shock, had known Dean would have had the dog with him but hadn’t fully grasped what that would mean. Now he’s looking at her, lying on her side pinned under an overturned shelving unit, big brown eyes shining as if with tears.
Dean snorted, but the laugh that followed sounded hollow so he swallowed it, tried to push the angel away. He hunched his shoulders in a little farther but Castiel was determined, crawled onto the bed, all awkward elbows and knees and pressed himself close, pushed all ten fingers palm deep into Dean’s hair.
Dean swallowed past a tight feeling in his throat; “So, what’s your plan?” He leaned his forearms over the Impala’s roof and twisted the keys between his fingers.
Castiel’s eyebrows twitched, just slightly and Dean thought, maybe he saw pain flicker across his face, remembered seeing that exact expression before and choked the memories down. Part of him hoped the words stung, even if the only one he was hurting was something his mind had conjured up a long time ago. It felt good, natural to take that first swing, lash out first before he could be hurt again.
Dean felt pressure on the back of his neck, black and ugly and—AWARENESSRAGEHATEGREEDHUNGER—Felt a flicker of panic from Castiel and was wrenched free, ricocheting around in a tunnel of some sort, like a bullet fired from a gun. He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t move, just jerked with the impact of his returning awareness, felt himself collide bodily with Castiel’s chest as he came onto his toes in shock, eyes flung wide, arms clenched tight around the angel’s shoulders, fingers tangled in dark hair.
Dean had only begun to realize what a danger it was having Sputnik around, and the compromises he had to make because of his own injury, what was he going to do about Sam’s?
His stomach rolled nervously and he pulled his fingers away, squeezed them together and pinched them between the pressure of his knees.
Something burned in Castiel’s core, that scar where he had torn out part of himself and given it to Dean Winchester…  It—it ACHED.
And before Dean could register a change he realized the feeling—the emotion at the forefront of Castiel’s mind was no longer fear, and hadn’t been for a while. It was something else. Something he couldn’t really name with certainty.
Dean tosses the rag into the back and pulls out his phone, looks for a signal and dials Sam’s number.
So, he did the only thing he could do. He picked a street and drove its length, then picked another and repeated the process until he had begun a grid of the city in his head. The biggest clue he got was actually from the images TK had given him. He’d seen the school bus, seen the front of the building. Seen the kind of neighborhood the girl lived in.
Ryan shrugged and gestured to himself; “I remember what it’s like, trust me. I worked in private accounting for three years and when Nat and I moved here to be with her folks I had to start fresh. Took me a year and a half just to get an interview… Just try it, worst that would happen is she says ‘no’. In which case, we’ll both be looking for work. I take issue with people and corporations that discriminate.”
Dean folds his fingers together and lets his knees sag outward in a laid-back comfortable way. “Who pissed in your cheerios?”
Castiel reached out. Not physically, thank Christ. He reached out with his grace and politely gave Dean a rough shake. He felt the contact crackling under his skin like cellophane and it took him a minute to realize the light bulbs around them were glowing too bright and the woman was giving him a concerned look. The look he’d seen gas station attendants giving people they feared were about to rob them. He’d been on the receiving end of a few of them in his time.
