After Victor grabbed his books, the two made their way to Mrs. Brealey's class to begin their day. When they walked in, Mary, Mike and Molly were already there talking to each other.
The driver twisted his lips into a cruel sneer. He'd read today's paper and saw that the school was sending him a message stating that he wasn't going to ruin their homecoming.
The alpha bouncer let the two men in. He was bonded so John & Bill's scents had no effect on him. Colored flashing lights pulsed from the DJ's booth, and a huge sparkling disco ball hung from the ceiling, casting reflections of light onto the massive dance floor.
There were more cheers, clapping, and a few hoots before she spoke again. "Thank you ladies and gentlemen. I'm turning it over to Mr. Turing now." She sat down, and Mr. Turing, the popular chemistry teacher stood up.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. "Fine by me." Then his lips quirked up in a smile. He reached out and brushed John's cheek with his knuckles. "I enjoyed our phone conversation last night."
"Blue and white. I find that very boring, but that's what he asked for," the man replied, somewhat snarky.
John casually picked up a hose that lay near his feet. “I think you could do with a cold shower.” He aimed the nozzle at Sherlock, a coy smile on his lips.
John would have to ask the next time he spoke to Sherlock. In the meantime, he had to get ready. He was going skating with Molly, Greg, Sarah, Bill, Janine, Mike, Mary, Little Seb, and Victor.
“You’re not providing good customer service. I should complain,” Sherlock mocked Mary. “Not letting me and my brother have what I want.”
"I have saltines, and I'll get you a glass of gingerale. You get settled on the couch," Wanda said, ruffling his hair.
A tense few minutes passed before Sherlock made his way back to John. "The police are on their way. Greg is going to use a ruse of getting the man outside telling him one of the patrons spotted a thief trying to break into his car."
The girls were all filed in Janine's huge living room. The chaperones, Janine's mom, and Linda Stamford, were there, and they had determined looks on their faces. Janine did too, and the other girls wondered what was going on.
John couldn't help but smile everytime he heard someone address him with that title. Mary had told him shortly after they married that he wasn't haunted by the war, he missed it. She was right. Being in the army and being a leader gave him a sense of purpose and direction. When he was shot and invalidated out, he'd felt useless. And if it took spanking and inflicting consensual pain on someone paying good money for it to make him feel worth something again, he'd take it. He felt no shame in what he was doing. There was something raw and powerful about a total stranger handing their body over willingly to another total stranger for complete submission.
Right after the movie ended the power went out. Unfazed, the two went to bed, oil lamps lighting their peaceful slumber as the storm finally dwindled away to quiet light rain.
Six months ago, Sherlock and John had finally decided to say goodbye to London. The detective was fifty, John fifty-three, and even though both were still in excellent physical health, both their hearts weren't in it anymore to chase after criminals. After announcing their retirement, and a bittersweet celebration that followed, the Baker Street Boys became the Chiltington Lane Boys, and settled into their new home, a historic country house with one and three-quarter acres of beautiful gardens. The home had plenty of space so friends and family could come and visit if they wanted. There was even a separate cottage on the grounds, which Sherlock and John had dutifully made into an apiary so Sherlock could pursue his dream hobby of raising bees. John decided to work his magic on the gardens, planting flowers and vegetables that he would tend to.
The air was crisp and lightly cool against the bright blue October late morning sky. John looked down, a sad smile on his face as he gazed at the wreath propped up against Mrs. Hudson's tombstone. He'd bought it at a craft show weeks earlier, thinking the combination of fake fall leaves, mini pumpkins, cranberries, with a big burgundy bow tied neatly on the bottom center, would be perfect as a decoration for his former landlady's grave.
"I beg your pardon?" John said, a little surprised. He was expecting to be rejected, but not so coldly.
Irene smiled. "I thought so. Not many would confront someone like you did last night. That's why you'd be perfect for this line of work."
"Wait, how did you know I can't be enthralled? And how will I know you won't bite me?" John asked, bewildered.
, I say and you don’t even look up. You’re not stopping your work for a single second. You’re cleaning the test tube in your hand, and put a cork on it.
Sherlock looked like he was about to throw up any second now. "Just stop, Mycroft. Please. I'm begging you. No one was supposed to hear that."
Mycroft continued reading on a different page, ignoring his brother. "'Never thought I'd see him again. And after less than ten minutes even. I was ready to die. After all, there was not much left for me. Being alone in 221b is already equally as bad as dying. I thought my work here was done. I killed CAM so that Mary would be safe and John could have a future with her. Have his happy domestic life he apparently wants.'"
"John!" Sherlock unbuckled and came crushing on John's lap. Almost sobbing, not caring that his brother saw it all.
"It’s right next to you“, I say and you just shrug unaffected. I give it to you, place it in your outstreched hand. Intention or not? You’re holding my hand and not the phone. It’s ridiculous, but it feels like an electric shock. Not comfortable at all. It hurts. You’re hurting me with every touch. Everytime the shockwaves travel further through my body. It goes on until I feel numb. This destroys me. And yet I’m longing for more. I want to feel you with every fibre of my body. And if I can’t have that, I want at least to hear your voice. But you’re not talking or eating and you touch me too infrequently for me to get used to it.
Mycroft paused, “This was a month after John moved in. I never knew how hard you fell for him. And so soon. The pages after you came back from the dead were bad.”
He held his breath. Not knowing what would happen next wasn't a desirable feeling in the presence of Britain's most powerful man and twelve guards in his back.
The fear he felt was overpowering, he felt his throat tighten. This time it was him who made a choked up sound
After a few minutes two doors on opposite ends of the room opened and four more people entered the room. This looked more and more like a trial.
You are in my arms, holding onto me. You’re not saying anything, and I am silent, too. I stroke your hair and you sound like you’re purring. I think about Mary and how much I‘ve hurt her. But I saw her with someone else. She seemed happy. I am happy. You are happy. We are all safe and alive. You bury your face in my shoulder and start kissing my collarbone. I push you away and pull you up to my lips. You kiss my mouth and it burns. No, burning is uncomfortable. It’s a soft, warm glow that makes me shiver.
Sherlock looked up to him from the spot on the floor where he was sitting. "Didn't know it would take you so long, considering most of your jumpers are down here." A small smile appeared on his lips.
I’m standing in the doorframe and wait. Maybe you simply want to finish your work before you acknowledge me. But forty-seven heartbeats later you still don‘t show any signs that you even know I am here.
He put out his hand and one of the four people behind him gave him a thick book. Sherlock gasped; his already pale face drained of any remaining colour, leaving it in an unhealthy looking grey.
I want to shake my head but she is right. I still love you. I‘ve never stopped. But I can’t leave her. Mary‘s brought me back to life.
I promise to never confess my love again. I will keep it to myself in order to protect our friendship. If this friendship is all you can give, then I will take it gratefully. Please, just don’t be dead.
John was naked in Sherlock's arms when Mycroft arrived the next morning. They woke to the knocking on the door. A horrible and final sound.
"Un-cuff John Hamish Watson and William Sherlock Scott Holmes immediately," said Mycroft Holmes in a tone that did not relieve John. If anything, it made him even more nervous.
I take in your scent, breathe in deeper than I should and you still won’t let go of me. This is your mistake. You let me stay in your arms; you let me love you the way I do. You give me cruel hope.
Your brother pressured me to go and see my therapist again, after your decease. I refused in the beginning: I didn’t leave the flat. I sat in your chair for a whole day and cried silent tears. Only when I was too weak to feel anything anymore, I gave in to Mycroft’s demand. And now I’m sitting here and can’t say a word. I promised you to never say it again. But you’re dead. Can you even hear it then?
When they entered their flat it didn't feel as final as it was supposed to be. John walked after Sherlock into the sitting room and just stood in the middle of the carpet, not sure what to do now. He watched Sherlock tucking the curtains close and switching on the light, still none the wiser of what to do.
Had this been a normal exchange, this would have been the part where Mycroft would sigh, but his face remained stone cold.
, you say and Mary sees you. She can’t hear you but she is a witness. She is the proof that you are alive and that I am not mentally ill.
Again, I am waiting for your answer. But you don’t say anything. Later, you’re asking for your phone.
"Fancy some wine?" asked Mycroft and showed them a sealed dusty bottle. "It is a merlot," he said while pouring some in each of their glasses.
Sherlock shook his head slightly. "He wants us to say that we kill for each other; that you value me higher than everybody else and vice versa."
After what felt like hours they came to a halt and the door opened. John absentmindedly wondered why they were changing cars as he was led into a new vehicle.
I don’t say it and I don’t even want to think it. I should shout it and pull you close to me. Kiss you. Bite you. Claim you. I should make you scream and make you silent.
He felt Sherlock shaking his head. "We won't. Mycroft will place us somewhere in the world with immediate alerts if we should so much as think about our real names. We won't be allowed back in Britain."
are you doing this, Mycroft?" John tried to control the tremor in his voice and clenched his fists. He knew about the contents of Sherlock's diary, about the years full of misunderstandings and the deep affection they both felt from day one but were too blind to see. "When did you become his enemy?"
When Mycroft started talking again, his tone was soft. "I always told you, Sherlock, 'caring is not an advantage'. Here is the proof. You two together are dangerous."
The silence was almost a tangible object in the room.  John looked at Sherlock again, trying to figure out if this was a fight or flight situation, but Sherlock didn't move. John frowned.
Mycroft looked at his brother first. John's heart clenched when he saw the cold expression with which he regarded Sherlock.
The large room was bathed in a soft golden light, contradicting the menacing mood that laid heavily upon the room's occupants. Out of the corner of his eye, John could see Sherlock struggling against the handcuffs they both had around their wrists. He didn't dare look at him for longer than a second, fearing he wouldn't be able to bear to see whatever emotion was plastered on Sherlock's face. He swallowed his guilt and dropped his gaze to the floor, hoping that one day, Sherlock would understand that he was just as helpless as the detective himself.
I turn and walk away. I pay Ella a visit and confess that I might be hallucinating. She says that’s unlikely. I don’t take any medication and I am over my sadness about your death.
"You need to talk about it“, she says. Her soft, concerned voice makes me angry. I don’t need to talk about it.
Nervously, John shifted in his chair and reached for the wine in front of him. It was only when he felt Mycroft's piercing eyes on him that he remembered to not drink from it. That case had truly been unfortunate.
You know. You know I love you and you still throw away your phone and fall? You know I love you and you still jump from this roof? Or are you jumping because you know?
To his surprise, Mycroft dropped his mask and gave a smile that did not reach his eyes. It twisted into a grimace. John winced in repulsion.
John shot him a confused look. This was the reason they were here? Because of mutual affection? Because they dared to love each other? When he looked back to Mycroft he knew it was true.
John didn't know the person talking to him. He just looked at her and shrugged. Too tired and heartbroken to do anything other than obey. He was blindfolded and guided into a car. The blindfold had to remain on until they reached their destination.
"This is what friends are for“, you say and help me stand. You’re supporting my weight and won’t let go so that I won’t fall to the ground in this shady swimming pool. You’re holding me and I‘m letting you.
Something in Mycroft snapped. "You are here to break up," he almost shouted, "You are reckless whilst being together. You both have to leave England and assume new identities. You will never see each other again so that England can be a safer place again."
Please, Sherlock. Please, don’t be dead. I’m taking your pulse and can’t find it. You don’t have a pulse, and yet I plead for you to not be dead. Please. Come back to me.
Ella hands me a tissue. "Go out. Live“, she says after a while. I’m not listening. I’m thinking about you and how you shot our wall.
John's heart was racing and he wondered if he looked the same as the detective. Sad, infuriated, terrified, and humiliated.
Panic rose in John's chest and he started to raise from his chair. He was ready to fight his way out. Take Sherlock by the hand and run away, never to let the bad people reach them again. It was then that he realised that Mycroft was right. He would kill for Sherlock. He
I leave, pretending I’ve never said anything, just like you’re pretending you haven’t heard anything.
I know that you’re keeping her phone in that drawer. I know you saw it when I took it and tried to unlock it.
Sherlock made a choking sound, and John's head shot up in alarm. His heart was racing as  he finally met Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock tried to say something, but stopped. He seemed on the verge of tears. His light grey irises were blurry as he held back his tears. He was obviously uncomfortable; he was crouched in an odd position on a hard chair about nine feet from John. He looked defeated. John and Sherlock both knew what was to come.
Victor began to set up his camera, choosing lenses. "But eventually, people started taking notice of my pictures and booking me for bigger shoots which meant bigger paychecks. Now here I am, with my own business. I wouldn't change those lean years for anything."
"I can do some of my own, especially when it comes to you love. Being married to you these last few years, I've come to be familiar with your habits. It's all fine and I love you." John tried to placate him with another kiss, and he knew it worked when he saw Sherlock's mouth quirk up to a small grin.
Ella brought her the soda, and sat down across from her. "It's been pretty slow today, but that's expected with school back on. Did you just come from there?"
However, it was Greg who instantly recognized him while picking up takeaway from The Jeweled Elephant, and ruined his night of fun.
Sherlock turned beet red, and John bent over in laughter. Billy grinned deviously and snapped the picture.
Seconds later, John felt a kick in his stomach and his eyes widened. "Sherlock, he just kicked me! I think he's ready for dinner too."
Sherlock smirked. "Am I that much of a distraction?" He cheekily placed a hand on John's right thigh.
Lucy Saxon entered her husband's hospital room. Harold was drinking a cup of water and listening to a portable radio tuned into a classical music station. His nurse, Abigail, had brought it in for relaxation purposes. The news she was about to deliver was anything but relaxed.
"Sure thing, although I doubt she will. We've both been here since noon and we've only had three customers."
Sherlock followed John to the backyard and under the trees where he'd been laying. The two sat down in the grass. John leaned up against the tree trunk. Sherlock lay next to him, and placed his hand on John's chest, gently rubbing it.
John seemed to have read his mind. "Thank you, but you'd better keep your admiration to yourself. We don't want to get thrown off the beach for public indecency." He sat down and reached for a bottle of sunblock in his duffel bag and began to rub it on the front of his chest, down his legs, on his arms, and on his face. He would ask Sherlock to rub it on his back, but again, someone would take offense.
The two girls exited the nearly empty cafeteria, just wanting to get through the rest of the day. But they, along with everyone else at Culverton, were in for a rude awakening.
Ninety minutes later, John was dozing peacefully in his chair when his phone rang, a soundbite of Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto in D Minor breaking the calm silence. He immediately woke up, gathering his bearings. It was Sherlock, and it must be important because Sherlock rarely called, preferring to text. John quickly pulled the phone out of his pocket. "Hi love," he said sleepily.
"At ease soldier, at ease. "You were perfect. Take your blindfold off and take a few minutes to relax." As Warren removed his blindfold, taking deep calming breaths, John went to the master bathroom to clean himself off and splash some cold water on his face. It had been an intense session, but very worthwhile and satisfying. It wasn't just Warren who got the release he needed. John always felt much more relaxed after domming, the day-to-day stresses leaving his body like a butterfly breaking out of its cocoon.
"I love it here, but don't worry guys, I'm coming back next week. You and I have a date at Woolworth's for back-to-school shopping, remember?" John grinned at Molly.
John glanced in Sherlock's direction. The man seemed to have his focus on a young redheaded woman wearing a powder blue strapless silk dress and glittery gold heels, swaying seductively close to the bar.
"Harry would drink a lot. We lost touch for a while. It was very painful because we were so close when we were younger. But she eventually sobered up. A lot of that is due to Clarence. He took a chance on her when nobody else did." John wiped away a tear. "I've seen what booze did to her. I can't have another person in my life who's an addict."
She felt strong arms wrap around her, and she smiled knowing it was her husband. "Hi honey," she sweetly greeted him.
Greg was puzzled. "Okay, so why do you want to know more about him...oh wait a minute!" Greg chuckled. "You think he's attractive. Makes sense. You always did have a thing for short blond blokes---"
They've put all the missed opportunities, the drama, the angst behind them. The fall, Mary's death, Sherlock's secret crazy sister, are nothing now but ghosts floating in the mist. There's so much to look forward to. Their wedding on January 29th (of course they would say I do on the anniversary of the day they first saw each other from across that room in the morgue), their honeymoon to France, Sherlock officially adopting Rosie so he can be her Papa for real.
"Anyway," John continued, "my mates told me I was crazy for not finding her attractive and that I had an overactive imagination. Well, my imagination worked for me, because the image of the nurse became my inspiration for
"Uh, come on and follow me. Sophie and Theo should have lunch ready for us. And then I'll take you on a tour of the town," Sherlock said, regaining his composure.
"Good morning, this is Billy Wiggins. I'm live on scene at Gatiss General Hospital. Almost two hours ago, Richard Wilkes, the prime suspect in the Sherrinford slayings and fires, was rushed here after being shot in the abdomen by Officer James Sholto of the Sherrinford Police Department. Wilkes had broken into the home of Sherrinford resident Wanda Watson, where he shot and wounded Hal Auden, a friend of Mrs. Watson and owner of Auden's Gun Shop on Main Street. Mr. Auden was staying at the home looking after Wanda and her sixteen year-old son John."
His arm reached out to the other side of the bed, and he imagined John lying beside him, laughing and caressing his hair, his tanned fingers stroking his dark curls. He hadn't greased his hair back since he left for Los Angeles, hoping to look softer and less threatening for John so he would be more open to talking with him.
Greg swallowed a chip and took a drink. "Rosie is adorable. I know I've seen Molly looking at her and she gets this wistful look on her face. I think she wants to eventually have a child. We're too early in our relationship to even think about discussing kids, but one day it will come up."
The curtains parted. A short man dressed in a space helmet and tight fitting silver top and tights appeared, gyrating in time to the music. Instantly Sherlock was interested. All the other dancers were tall and lithe. This John Watson was compact, muscular -especially in the thighs- and didn't have a dancer's build at all. More like an athlete's frame. And his spaceman costume certainly fit the mark for being futuristic, but it was like a throwback to the 70's sci-fi shows that Sherlock's dad liked watching. The music also sounded like the opening to a 70's space show. It was ethereal and spooky, yet adventurous. Sherlock had never heard anything like it.
"Well, Mr. Reichenbach needed a second set of eyes to check his mathematical calculations and with John resting in bed, I was able to do some work from home."
John's final class of the day, woodshop, had been cancelled after the teacher, Mr. Potts, went home sick with the stomach bug. There was no substitute, so Vice Principal Pegg had the students do independent study, and they could go to the multi-purpose room, the library, or work on their class projects. John chose the library. He could get his homework done before football practice at two-thirty.
Sherlock nodded. "Consulting detective, only one in the world. I invented the job. I assist the Yard when they're out of their depth, which is all the time."
The virus still had a hold on John late Thursday night. The vomiting had stopped but diarrhea had taken its place. John was extremely embarrassed when he had an accident in his bedsheets, and his mom had to strip the bed and wash the sheets in a metal tub because they had no washer and dryer at home. The rain had stopped, so Wanda hung the wet sheets on the front porch railing to dry.
Then a few minutes later, he saw him, and his heart just about jumped out of his chest. John was laughing and smiling, and he practically glowed under the evening sun. If Sherlock believed in heaven, John Watson would be the embodiment of it. His blond hair was golden and radiant, like an angel's halo. He wore a simple white T-shirt and jean shorts, but on him it was perfect. The white and denim complimented his tan arms and legs. Simply put, he was pure California sunshine, and Sherlock wanted to bask in it.
"Let's cut the gas," Marty said, his eyes blinking rapidly. Seconds later he, Art, and Jeff were running away from the basketball court, no doubt heading for the safety of the school walls.
Once they broke for air, Greg was all smiles again. "That was some kiss Molly Hooper. Where'd you to learn to do that?"
"Well Mr. Holmes, sometimes we can't be a slave to fashion if it's going to impact our health," John pointed out. "Better to wear a T-shirt and shorts than to be here suffering from heat rash."
It was Jim that grew angrier, grew darker, grew murderous. He couldn't hunt down and kill the bastard who tried to ruin his lover's life, but he could strike out at those like him. Those short little blonds who looked and acted like the world revolved around them and could get away with anything. It was so easy to pretend to be a male escort and set up dates, and then he struck. He'd already done two, drugging them with GHB, torturing them slowly and painfully before finally ending their miserable lives with the sharp blade of a knife. By getting rid of them, he was doing what he wasn't able to over a year ago. A psychiatrist would label him as a homicidal maniac suffering from transference, but he wasn't crazy. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was making sure the man he loved more than anything would no longer suffer, and his mind could finally be at ease.
Sherlock beamed. "I love you too John." He returned the kiss, warmth filling his body like a comforting cup of hot chocolate.
"Hey," John said, tipping up his face to meet Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock chuckled and leaned down for another kiss. "Breakfast is ready and I want you to eat it," John gently chided.
Other students filed in. It was a small class. Not a lot of teens wanted to take chemistry for last period, their brains already taxed and the last thing they wanted to do was try and get their tired minds wrapped around compounds and formulas.
When it got too intense (and Sherlock's hand was down his pants, palming him), John pushed him away and told him that was enough for now, but he promised to call him after he got off work. That placated Sherlock, who left him with another breathtaking a kiss and a soft ruffle of his hair.
"They always loved to help out in the kitchen when they were kids. It just came natural to them." Sherlock stretched out his long legs and closed his eyes, completely content. John couldn't help but stare. The man was the most graceful human being he'd ever laid eyes on. He wondered if he did any dancing during his younger days.
John opened up the fridge and retrieved some strawberries to sprinkle on top of the cereal. Sherlock had a big sweet tooth, and was inclined to eat most of his breakfast if it included some type of sweets.
"Well, wrong or not, it'll be nice to have some snow close to Christmas," John said. "Which means an even better excuse for not going anywhere but home," John added, with a wink.
One of the guards, a woman, stepped closer and put a large wine glass in front of John and placed another in front of Sherlock. The latter looked like he was debating whether or not push the glass to the floor and let it shatter into countless pieces.
"We need to get up, love. I fear we should not let your brother wait this time." He freed himself from the duvet and left Sherlock's arms reluctantly. With one last look behind his shoulder at a naked Sherlock, he left the room to take a shower and wash away the familiar smell of everything he loved.
"I love you", blurted John despite himself. "We didn't say that enough. Thought you should hear it again."
John held Sherlock protectively and stroked his back, but continued glaring at Mycroft. "Please explain. There is only so much emotionally draining stuff I can take in twenty-four hours. If you take him away again, I swear to god-"
John's confusion grew. Hesitating, he smelled the wine and took a small sip. It was as promised, a lovely wine.
Mycroft went through many pages and stopped when he found what he was looking for. "This is interesting. 'I can't bear to be so close to him. I can't possibly be his best man and not feel like he is slipping away from me. It hurts so much. This is not what I had planned. Everything was so neatly planned but nothing worked out.' I hate how you relapsed and started taking drugs again. You could've come to me, Sherlock."
John looked at Lestrade, then to Mrs. Hudson, his bravado wilting under their hot, stern gazes. He looked at Molly and she was giving him the same look. "Sorry. I…I know that," he admitted. "I didn't mean it." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I don't know where that came from."
John took a cautious step forward and reached out tentatively and placed his hand on Sherlock’s elbow. His expression was perplexed and sad.
Mrs. Hudson was resetting her kitchen clock when she heard a terrible “thud” directly above her head. The impact was so forceful that her china rattled. She looked up apprehensively, closing in on herself, waiting for the ceiling to cave in. When it didn’t, she scowled. “Boys!” she shouted angrily at the ceiling. “Stop experimenting up there!”
, one that's old enough to understand being abandoned. 'Where's Papa?' 'Papa left, junior, I'm so sorry.' 'Why doesn't Papa love us anymore?' 'Because he's a heartless twat who thought having a baby would solve a problem he had with himself.'  You
Sherlock  heard people climbing the steps in the hallway. He scowled when he heard  familiar voices. He was glad all the lights were off. Maybe no one  would notice him here. He was tempted to shut off the monitor, but he  didn't want the sudden absence of light to draw attention. He just  waited.
John stared. He  had no clear memory of shoving Sherlock down the stairs. He didn't need  to. Sherlock had lovingly detailed the account in his notes.
"Goddamn it," he huffed. "Goddamn it." He dropped a match and it didn't smolder out immediately. He watched with interest as the flame lazily burned the wood. Then it fizzled and died and Sherlock curled his lip in disgust. "Goddamn it, John Watson. Fuck you. Fuck you." He lit another match and dropped it with the rest. Then he took both cigarettes out of his mouth and crushed them in the pile on the floor and stood up, kicking the pile of ash with his bare foot and watching it scatter in every direction. He shouted angrily at the empty sitting room, "I wouldn't stab myself for you over anything, you ungrateful prick!" He saw the skull on the mantel. Savagely, he lunged for it and picked it up like a bowling ball, his fingers curling into the eye sockets, and he turned in one swift motion and hurled it at one of the windows. The skull shattered the glass easily and went flying and disappeared. Outside, he heard the loud "crunch" of the impact on the street and a car horn and screeching tires.
John knew that, with Sherlock, a conversation could take off in any of a million directions at the drop of a hat. He didn't even blink at the question, and still feeling quite merry, he related the story to his flat mate: "Not my proudest moment," he confessed.
it already." He said it with a kind of disappointment and hopeless  disgust, as if deductions ought to only be directed at commoners,  criminals and strangers guilty of anything, and now Sherlock was somehow  lumped in with the rest of them, dull and predictable and drained of  importance. Sex made people ordinary.
"No,  mate, it isn't." Lestrade's face was deeply regretful. "I've felt rotten  about it ever since. I'm sorry. I've been thinking long and hard about  how I had a part in all this and I could have done something but I  didn't." He jammed his hands in his pockets. "Everybody in my team's  been making jokes about Sherlock. I didn't correct it. I never stepped  in and said, 'Hey, be a professional' or 'Shut up or I'll break your  face,' like I should have. I didn't think he was gay, but you know, they  all think he's a ponce and they've been calling him nasty shit to his  face."
appropriate to say  such a nasty, nasty word because, really, Sherlock was a nasty, nasty  soul. So cruel, so impatient, so hurtful and brilliant and for God's  sake nobody
The footsteps reversed course and John appeared at the doorway again, looking…bemused. In the dim candle light, with the deep shadows hugging his face, his expression was exaggerated. "Sherlock. When did it become 'our' baby again? I thought I made it clear that
to you. I don't owe anything to you, you're not entitled to be part of my life." He breathed. "Not only do I not want you to be a co-parent with me…I don't want you…to be around a baby. I think you'd be a negative influence."
John said, "Of course. We suspected you might not approve. And you, with your influence and resources, could be terribly disruptive. And this means so
"I think it's incredibly  insane!" John cried in distress. "Sherlock must have hundreds of  enemies."
Sherlock finished, "...I have to continue working so I need you out of this fog. So. Buck up." With that, he nodded stiffly. It was as encouraging as a pep-talk as he could manage.
When Sherlock himself began feeling like an old man himself, he'd become very good at holding his visions. They were extraordinary. They were also quite draining and would leave Sherlock exhausted, irritable and in pain. His head would throb and throb for hours, sometimes days, after maintaining a vision lasting only a few minutes.
Sherlock blinked, sinking down into his seat. “Ah.” He rocked back and forth, daring to let himself smile in relief and pride. “Really?”
"I can't contaminate my results by giving you information!" the old man snapped indignantly. "Tell me what happened, if
Mrs. Hudson  pranced in happily, throwing her arms around John. "Oh, John! Isn't this  exciting? Sherlock came out on his blog! I brought my camera."
Sherlock got a mug from the cabinet and poured Lestrade's coffee and fixed it for him, just as he asked. Then he placed the mug carefully onto the table.
Sherlock’s eye lids fluttered. “There’s a broom closet at the end of this hallway. No, not there. Ugh. Embarrassing public school memories. Remind me to lock that door. Uh. There’s a dumbbell waiter. No. Nothing. Let me try this door.” He went quiet.
" smile she was familiar with. For one, his authentic smile revealed teeth. His eyes squinted a bit, his chin ducking down, like his happiness didn't know what to do with his face.
he whimpered. He generously soaked himself. Once the cold water soothed him, he slinked away from the sink, dripping. He blinked in awe of his own stupidity, at his mess.
Sherlock watched intently as the tea got cold on the  coffee table, and then later watched John unceremoniously dump it in the  sink, grumbling about the constant mess.
"Because you should be free of outside distraction and  should concentrate on your treatment, same reason we don't let family  and friends visit at all hours."
bring it up or jokes about  it, don't assume he's okay. He could just be acting self-deprecating to  test our reactions."
"Right." John cleared his  throat and unlocked the door and gestured Mycroft in. Right in front of  them, in the middle of the living room floor, was the broken violin.  John had left it, and the rest of the flat, undisturbed. "So," he began  tensely, gesturing to the violin. "This is the first thing I found."  John paused, feeling stupid. "Um. Obviously."
to him, I'm nobody. Just a pathetic cripple he picked up for kicks. He pretends I'm important and I'm not. I wish I never came back from Afghanistan. I wish I never met him and never saw how stupid and ugly and boring I was. I wish I was dead in the desert." John turned around, resting his back against the wall, his hands clenching into fists. Finally, he stopped and looked at his friends.
Harry smiled in rich satisfaction. “No. But when he was invalidated and he found out Clara and I were divorcing, he had this look on his face. He knows I know.”
At the time, it made her laugh. Afterwards it left her feeling empty and depressed. She hadn't bothered to change it back though, mostly because she'd forgotten about it. Due to her slim address book and her sluggish social life, she'd forgotten about the ringtone, thus
I stare at her and don’t know what to think. I absolutely forgot about the blog. But now that I‘ve remembered, I want to erase it. I want to delete the blog and keep all the memories of you to myself.
Sherlock got up and joined John on the bed. "I know. I guess you'd say the same if we had done it more regularly, though." He moved and knelt behind John, massaging his shoulders, long fingers slowly wandering to John's collar and opening the first button of his shirt. He bent down to kiss John's neck and jaw, moving John gently onto his back. He hovered above him and kissed with lips salty from a few tears.
You shake your head and focus on something behind my head with a lopsided smile before your gaze meets my eyes. "No, you don’t“, say you.
John laughed dryly. "We never harmed innocent people. We protect them. We solve their cases. We are hardly a threat."
. You find each other fascinating. I get that, but do you love her the way I love you? Or do you just love yourself so much that you want a mirror as a partner? Because you’re equal?
"It's not your fault. Please don't think that for even a second. We were both reckless." He stepped closer to Sherlock, not knowing if his touch was still welcome. When he saw the look in Sherlock’s eye, he made up his mind and crossed the last inches and hugged him tightly.
Molly found herself downtown. The walk had invigorated her and made her feel much better. She passed by Ventham's Pharmacy, the office where John's mom worked, the five and ten store, an assortment of shops and boutiques, Loki's Laundromat, eventually approaching the
Wilkes had shot John in the left shoulder and hit both officers on the scene in the leg and hand respectively, but before he could aim at Wanda and Hal, Officer Sholto and Officer Dave Morstan had arrived on the scene and Sholto brought Wilkes down with one bullet to the abdomen. He had screamed in pain before collapsing.
"That's why I'm here. I heard the news on the radio and I only thought of you. I knew you had to work tonight. If you had still been there..." Sherlock's voice trailed off. He couldn't bear to think of John being struck down so brutally by a faceless maniac.
Rosie uttered her first word (a name actually), when Mycroft came one day for an unexpected visit. Rosie had taken to the British Government quite quickly, and Mycroft was very fond of his precious little niece. She had climbed on Mycroft's lap, pointed at her uncle, and announced loudly, "Mysoft!"
"I know." Sherlock began to draw lazy circles with his index finger on the top of John's hand. John closed his eyes and relaxed into the touch.
Sherlock wondered how John put up with him after all these years. The detective knew he was hard to handle. He was stubborn, arrogant, impatient---qualities most people wouldn't put up with, and especially in a relationship. Some of the Yarders had even told Sherlock point blank how lucky he was to have John, because anyone else would get fed up with his attitude and leave. Sherlock knew he was extremely lucky. John had the patience of a saint. Several saints actually. But Sherlock knew John loved him unconditionally, and Sherlock loved John the same way.
The flyer advertised the annual "Back to School Sock Hop" for next Saturday at the Sherrinford Community Center from 7pm -10 pm. It was the perfect event to start the bloodbath, and there were so many victims to choose from. No one would see this coming and by the time the police would catch on it would be too late. Revenge would be gained, and this hypocritical town would finally pay.
The weather was warm, rare for November, but it was pouring buckets outside. The two boys were inside their dorm. Sherlock was relaxing on the bed reading a book on beekeeping, listening to classical music on his phone, while John was lying on the couch, talking to his mom. Sherlock could tell from John's facial expressions it was a good conversation.
Sherlock was rapidly trying to process everything that was happening. His crush was offering to buy him dinner. It was almost a date. No scratch that, it was a date!
"I hope so. I'd never thought I would say how much I was glad to be back at school. I'll take a boring school year over a summer of craziness."
"The stairs to the basement is at the end of the hall, unless you want to take the elevator," Luke said.
"I'm okay. My parents are scared of course, and so is Mycroft, even though he won't admit it. Eurus thinks all of this is fun, and she's been coming up with theories all day. Normally I would too, but this is different. The raw brutality of the crime and the fact that you were alone out there before I came up to you..." Sherlock stopped talking and pressed his lips to John, catching him in a soft, tender kiss.
Sebastian narrowed his light blue eyes into slits and looked straight at Dave. "It was Eurus Holmes."
John went to his record player, picked out a disc, and put it on the needle. The music started up. John went to Sherlock and the two were back in each other's arms, swaying to the romantic ballad, "Tears on My Pillow" by Little Anthony and the Imperials.
"I---I just got home and the rain was so inviting, I stayed out here for a bit. Storms here are so different from storms in London, and---"
Sherlock nodded. "I'd never turn down a chance to dance with my conductor of light," he whispered, going to John and softly kissing him. John ruffled Sherlock's curls, then queued up the song. The two embraced and began to move slowly and intimately as the music began.
Sherlock at first had dismissed the books, he wasn't a horror fan and thought the genre was "useless, tasteless trash", his own words. He'd nearly gotten into a physical altercation with a member of the Yard after he ruthlessly mocked him for being a Stephen King fan. But he ended up eating crow after reading the latest John Watson novel,
John noticed a poster hanging on one of the walls advertising the Homecoming game against the Gatiss Gators and the big dance, for the first weekend in October. A Homecoming Committee meeting was being held after school Tuesday and anyone who wanted to join could. John smiled brightly, he was glad to see some slice of normalcy in a summer that had been nothing but pure insanity.
Molly’s eyes went wide again. “Sherlock! You’re fucking kidding me!” Molly rarely cursed, so for her to be profane, she had to be in complete shock.
I gave Sherlock a firm, steely gaze. "Don't worry Doctor, I'm going to hold him to that." I could see Sherlock pouting, ready to argue, but I held up my hand. "If you're worried about getting bored, I have a big stack of cold cases you can look through. I'll bring them to your flat tomorrow. All right?"
"I still can't believe it. This guy is a major sicko. Why would he do something like that?" Mary asked with a shudder.
“I will.” John pulled away and smiled. “I’ll be back Labor Day weekend and we can all hang out okay?”
Sherlock turned red again, and John giggled. "Out of the mouths of babes," he said after he was done.
Greg looked around the ballroom in amusement. Even after five years, he still couldn't get over that The Diogenes Club, which had a reputation of being formal and stuffy, was host to a shindig where the theme was sex. Mycroft simply said the organizers had the money for renting the space, and they provided their own cleaning crew and security, so it was a beneficial arrangement for both parties. And nothing unsavory ever happened, it was just people having a good time and networking.
Discopath is the name of a French horror film from the 2000's about a man who goes on a murderous rage after he hears disco music.
The rain started just after Sherlock and John entered the student union, which was decorated to the hilt in Halloween goodness with glow in the dark spider webs, carved pumpkins lit up thanks to battery operated candles on the center of each table, surrounded by black and and purple netting. Horror movie posters hung on the walls, fake skeletons were suspended from the ceiling, and an assortment of cutouts were placed in various places. A large buffet table with lots of food and goodies was at the back, along with two large cauldrons filled with punch. The DJ booth was set up on the right side and instrumental electronic music was playing from two large speakers mounted on either side of the table.
“You didn’t do it to save John, you did it to look good in the eyes of Molly Hooper, and after you take me home you’re going to see her and play Good Samaritan.” Sherlock leaned back and sulked.
Sebastian had a date lined up with a short, muscular blond in his early 40's, a financial broker. He'd never been with him before, and had gone to the Scarlet Hotel to meet him. Unfortunately, the client failed to disclose he was a mixed martial arts fighter with a taste for sadism, and brutalized Sebastian. The ex-soldier had put up a hell of a fight, and messed the guy up pretty good, but not before his "date" pulled out a butcher knife he'd hidden in his jacket and lodged it deep in Sebastian's spine, paralyzing him from the waist down and leaving him for dead.
John nodded and headed for the pantry. Boxes of buns and rolls were stacked up high. John turned on the radio that sat on a shelf on a side wall, already tuned to KMOF. He grabbed a ladder, carefully climbed up, and began to unpack the boxes.
"Mrs. Hooper, please listen to me. I need you to get a message to John Watson's mother. I don't know where she lives and I'm sure if I went to her house, she wouldn't see me. It's very important. It concerns her son."
Sidney slapped his son's cheeks. "He's overdosed. Go to the clerk's desk and call for an ambulance." He saw the empty pill bottle on the bed next to his son. "Oh Sherlock, this is going to be the last time. We can't lose you like this. We just can't."
Sherlock looked John up and down like he was on display at a store. Then his attentions turned to Evie, who was still asleep. He frowned and pursed his lips. "No."
Sherlock stood outside the door of the hotel room, body quivering, a hungry and predatory gleam in his glacz eyes, knowing John was on the other side of the door. He pulled his phone out and sent a text. As soon as he put his phone away, the door opened to reveal John in a plush white robe, grinning madly. "Hey."
Later that afternoon at St. Bart's, Mike introduced John to Sherlock Holmes. John was intimidated a bit by his height (as well as his unique beauty).
"I'm sure many of you are wondering why I chose to write horror of all things," John said. "Well, it's simple. Being in military combat, it's easy to take the horrors you see in war and translate that to horrors of a different kind."
John had put his Captain Watson shirt on, and removed his ballcap. "You're welcome Owen. Would you like to book another session?"
Sherlock had spent Friday evening taking care of his husband and their daughter, with both of doing nothing but sleeping, unless Sherlock woke them to give them medicine and fluids. He'd tried to get John to eat some of Mrs. Hudson's soup, but he wasn't hungry and complained of an upset stomach. He did take the antacids Sherlock left for him, and an hour later his stomach had settled down and he went back to sleep. To give John space and comfort, Sherlock went to his lab at 221C. He'd put a futon in there, at John's insistence, to rest between lengthy experiments or case work. He was glad John had made him do it, as he was exhausted. He turned on his nightlight, switched off the overhead lights, and lay down, sighing contently as his head hit the fluffy pillows. It wasn't long before he was headed off to slumberland.
"I'm not taking any chances sweetie. We can go finish our little tryst at my house. My parents won't be back until this evening." He gave her another kiss to placate her.
“If you’re not off my property in thirty seconds, I’m calling the cops,” John threatened, his dark blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits. Sherlock finally took the hint and scrambled to his bike. In under a minute, he was tearing away from John’s house and down the street to parts unknown.
"Touch yourself soldier. Come now," John murmured with a grin, standing up, flexing his toes up and down, feeling the stretch and the burn from his feet to his thighs. He hadn't been on top of someone like that for a long time.
The duty to tell Molly about Jim from IT had ultimately fallen on John. Sherlock hadn't wanted to do it, Sherlock had been expressly forbidden to do it, though it puzzled Sherlock why John would forbid him from doing something he would never volunteer for in the first place. Since then, he'd never spoken of it to Molly. Sherlock secretly wondered what their dates had been like. He'd been tempted to ask her. For the case. Not for the case. Other reasons.
"Why don't you have texting enabled on your phone?!" Sherlock demanded irately. "My messages keep getting sent back to me! What are you? Some kind of anti-technology, knuckle-dragging luddite...?"
Mycroft advanced on Sherlock until they were very close. Mycroft said, "I had this vision in my head of finding you in an alley. Overdosed. Bled out. Cold." He reached up and ran his fingers through Sherlock's messy curls. It was a gesture he hadn't made since their father died. Sherlock didn't resist. "You went to a goddamn hospital. You didn't even use a fake name. I can't believe you did something so
Sherlock waited for Lestrade to settled back down, then he re-read over all he had written. He typed more. He stopped. He re-read. He typed some more. He erased. Re-wrote. Re-read. Typed.
Sherlock  spun back around. "I'm not disruptive, I'm charming. Anyway, how are  you going to talk to me like that? I'm suicidal. I could…I could…"
, on the other hand, are  somehow better than the rest of us." He made a vague gesture with his  hand. "Better than Donovan and Anderson with their furious
in time. That's what you did just now. You went back in time. Most natural thing in the world. In fact, we go back in time every day. We just need to learn how to harness that time travel, the time travel that's going on around us all the time, but nobody notices."
rubbing your success in John’s face especially since he was probably the favorite child, the older child, the son. The
Sherlock looked  down at his feet, feeling heat rise in his cheeks. He didn't have a  thought in his head.
"Again," Mycroft suggested pleasantly, his  boiling anger neatly tucked away again, "I'm not interested." He gave  John's shoulder, the shoulder where he'd been shot, a firm and brotherly
John paused at the door before looking over his shoulder at Sherlock. "Hey. Um. Sorry for what I said."
, no, clearly Sherlock had been careless and  tripped, that was the only explanation) but John didn't even look back.
Sherlock ended up testifying in court about John's murder. He pointed his finger at John's killers. They went to jail. He felt nothing. He didn’t want to kill them. It wouldn’t bring John back.
Sherlock  turned the laptop around to reveal a dense word document. "I wrote down  what I've been thinking since you left so when you returned I could  articulate my feelings properly. They never come out the same way the  second go-round."
John said, "It's just a life time of hiding a drinking problem lends itself to telling lies compulsively, even when she doesn't have to. She makes up vicious stories about people to get sympathy. Like, before she divorced Clara, she told me that Clara was cheating on her, but really Harry was the one cheating on Clara."
"Did that make you uncomfortable?" Sherlock demanded. "It's a very personal and graphic image to suddenly be thrust into the forefront of your thoughts. Now. Try to imagine that from a different perspective. I'm a gay man. So
But somehow, in the midst of all those cases and with Sherlock dominating his life for so long, he hadn't been paying much attention to politics. Unbelievably, the war was over.
The younger Sherlock's cheek twitched, a brief mournful smile at the corner of his mouth. "You could have gone back to that day. Just prevented John from saving me."
But John was disoriented and not paying any attention. He wandered off in one direction, then lost interest and started drifting in another. Then he turned around and looked at Sherlock angrily before spinning off in another direction and stumbling away.
She went into her apartment building and Sherlock watched her go. He turned around and started the long walk home. It was dusk and London began to glow.
John thought. He felt Mycroft's phantom hands around his throat, squeezing his windpipe shut.  He squared himself and waited with his hands stiffly at his side, ready for anything.
John felt unease and concern for his friend’s well-being, as well as the creeping terror he’d experienced earlier, at the thought of an unknown threat closing in around them.
"Yeah, well," John dismissed, "Why would I? You don't like children. It's not something I expect you could relate to."
that he was happy. It would never change the fact that now, here, John is buried six feet underground and he's crumbling to nothing."
Molly frowned. "That's the most horrible thing I've ever heard. Why would you want to change who you are?"
“The electric grid is over-burdened,” Billy said, handing Sherlock a menu. “There’s scattered power outages all over the city. People are taking shelter from the heat where they can.”
Harry said, “Fuck ‘em all. And I wish them well. I’m not going to be held hostage because other people are selfish. I wish everyone well, including myself. I wish everyone had the capacity to forgive, even if they don’t deserve it, because I’m sure I’ve fucked someone over at some point, too, and I hope they forgive me. I hope I’ve never casually ruined someone else’s life because I was stupid or thoughtless.”
going to eventually be invented, then there would already be accounts of future time travelers, or tourists, coming in contact with peoples in the past. If you could travel through time, where would you go? To pivotal moments in history! You would visit them like going to the cinema. And you know what gluttons we humans are for entertainment. Sure, maybe time travel would be limited to scientists in the beginning. But by the time it's perfected, you know it would become available commercially to anyone with a large enough pocket book. And if you think that middle class people are rude pigs at the amusement park or at the tropical resort, you don't know entitlement until you've dealt with a
Mycroft's lips twitched. He steepled his hands, his  index fingers pressing pensively to his mouth. He didn't reply.
Sherlock's  fingers unconsciously twisted in his night robe, pulling the material  into knots. "You already know what I'm going to say. You
Mycroft remained perfectly still for a moment. Then his shoulders sank and he exhaled a shaking sigh. He turned around slowly and wiped his brow with his sleeve, his hand visibly shaking. Then he straightened his tie and smoothed his hands down the front of his jacket. He cleared his throat. "Please excuse that," he said absently and politely, as if a dog had messed in the middle of a Christmas party and he were beckoning the maid. "I'm sorry you all had to listen to that. Please excuse me." He patted his breast pocket anxiously, looking for his handkerchief he'd handed to John, forgetting he had parted with it. "Excuse me."
It wasn't her jurisdiction. And he didn't have credentials anymore. But they still considered John a friend, even though they hadn't seen him in a long time, when they heard he was missing, they immediately made a plan. Sally Donovan and Greg Lestrade went up and down the street, stopping in every shop and pub, asking if anyone knew John Watson, a homeless vet who might be in the area. No one did.
Sherlock remained unmoving, eyes hovering over the  microscope, the slide under the light empty of a sample. The dish  holding his slide had rattled slightly. He touched it gently, trying to  move his imaginary experiment back into place.
“You went to the desert and fought in a war most people don’t care about or even think about. And I’ve never thanked you. I bet most people haven’t. And you just take it as a matter of course. And all you get in return is a little pension from the military and with that, you are satisfied. You don’t expect anything, not even recognition, for what you’ve done. And here you are now, saying that you aren’t a man because of some little test in a doctor’s office, and all the while you are the best man I know.”
Sherlock felt his chest tighten. John was in pain. And Sherlock, as the provider, had a duty to fix it. But he had no idea how. Nonetheless, the obligation remained. And it wasn’t like any other obligation Sherlock had ever been given. No one had forced this responsibility on Sherlock. It was simply his.
to make sure you're still alive, then you'll finally ask yourself, 'What am I doing here?' And even though all it might take is one simple, 'Thank you' and everything would be forgiven, what you can expect every time,
John decided to message Sherlock back saying he was also interested, and even gave him his phone number to see if Sherlock would call him back. He wanted to see how far things could go. It was exciting, and John knew he needed some of that back in his life.
"Don't start sending wedding invitations yet Molly. This is just two single parents taking their children out for the day," Sherlock curtly reminded her.
Molly nodded. “It looks like Sherrinford is about to get some excitement. Remember when the biggest thing to hit this town was when the roller rink opened over on Norbury Avenue? I don’t know about you John, but I prefer my town to stay boring.”
He wanted John to be sitting beside him and swimming with him in the pool. He wanted to play music for John on his violin. He wanted to show John his collection of pirate memorabilia. He wanted John on his bed to kiss and cuddle with. It was never going to happen, all thanks to his arrogance and ignorance. He'd have to settle for longing glances in the hallways of his new school, and he was going to make those glances
A town hall meeting to discuss town safety will take place on Wednesday, September 6th at Sherrinford Community Church, located at 935 Hiddleston Street. The meeting will start at 6:00 and everyone is encouraged to attend.
"The new gay club?" John had heard it was a popular place for the city's gay male weres. John had come out before enlisting in the Army but kept it to himself. After being invalidated, he was now public and proud of his sexuality. His older sister Harry had been out for years and was living in Scotland with her mate Clara.
Eurus placed the bloody switchblade back in her pocket and smiled sweetly at Jim. Thank you for taking up for me. That’s probably the nicest thing anyone’s done for me a in a long time.” She planted a soft kiss on his cheek, which caught him off guard. “Now, how about coming with me to get a bite to eat. I’m suddenly starving.”  She took hold of his hand.
A series of "oohs" came from the rest of the group: Greg Lestrade, Victor Trevor, Phillip Anderson, and James "Bruiser" Sholto.
Molly laughed. "I'm just full of surprises." She released him and kissed him on the cheek. See you next week!"
Sherlock put his arm around John and pulled him close. "It certainly is. But let's forget about all of this for a while. When does your mother come back?"
"Me too, but we'd be drier than a couple of prunes," Sherlock said with a chuckle. "Let's get out and have a nap before dinner. Do you want to stay here and eat or go out?"
Also, it's a good thing Martin Freeman isn't reading this, as he sent a letter to KFC regarding the treatment of their chickens, and I have John eating it!
Once he was outside in front of John's house, he strapped on his helmet, revved up his bike, and sped for home. When he got there, he learned dinner had been canceled. Eurus had come down with the dreaded virus. Sherlock couldn't help but smile to himself, as she rightly deserved a few days of vomiting and discomfort for being a horrible sister.
Harry would be arriving in a few minutes so John dried off, sprinkled baby powder on him so he would smell good without having a girly scent on him, got dressed, and ran a wet comb through his hair. He left the bathroom and headed into the living room to wait for his sister.
Sherlock gently picks up Rosie's hand and presses a soft kiss to the top of it. He sweetly ruffles John's silver-blond hair; despite all the grumbling John does over his hair and his laugh lines and crows' feet, Sherlock thinks John is beautiful, more beautiful than the first night he met him at St. Bart's. He knew John was the one from the moment he laid eyes on him. John though, was a bit more stubborn. It took him nearly eight years to realize Sherlock was his true love.
Instead of the normal snow angels, were two renditions of the Weeping Angels from Doctor Who, one Rosie size and one John size, standing menacingly in the middle of the rooftop. They were spray painted gray (hence why John had grabbed a can of spray paint earlier).
"I'll take it in my room." She hopped off the bed and rushed out of Sherlock's room. Sherlock picked up the receiver, making sure his breath wasn't heard. A few moments later, he heard his sister's voice, calling Jim "sweetie" and making kissing noises into the phone. Sherlock quietly hung up. The last thing he wanted to hear from her was sickeningly sweet lovey-dovey talk.
From the side of the porch, John smelled a strong odor of nicotine and he stiffened. Someone was out here smoking. What if it was the killer, intent on finishing off everyone who worked at The Big H?
John, Molly, Mary, Mike and Angelo stared at each other in disbelief for a few seconds, then they all bust out laughing, all the tension of the previous altercation rapidly draining away.
Sherlock nodded. "I do. I have to admit, I was so nervous and scared. You're amazing John, I didn't want to turn you off like I did with others before---"
“Let’s forget about Mycroft and anyone else named Holmes, and have fun tonight,” John reassured his friend. Once the two entered the roller rink, the bright lights and the loud rock & roll music washed away Molly’s fears, and she broke out into a big grin.
"Speaking of bosses, I have to tell you, after my lunch with Sarah and Valerie today, I'm even more glad I left the clinic." John added water to the kettle and turned on the stove, sitting down across from Sherlock. "They have a new office manager, and he's made some changes that are not sitting well with everyone."
"Oh John, I'm so glad you're safe and okay. Have fun at Pink's with Harry and Clarence, and I'll talk to you tomorrow. Goodnight!" Molly hung up the phone and grinned at Greg. "John is just fine. He's all settled in and everyone's going out to dinner."
The rain was falling harder, and thunder roared in the sky. John began to jog towards the front porch, where Sherlock was coming around the corner, dripping wet, his dark curls plastered to his face---and shirtless.
Mike handed John a cup of water, and he took a big drink before continuing. "Before we begin the Q&A, I want to make an announcement and you're the first ones to hear it publicly."
"I have no problem with it. Us girls can be complicated. Not to say he hasn't tried dating a girl, but after four attempts at having a girlfriend and not feeling the attraction, he realized he was into dudes. He's had to keep it under wraps for obvious reasons. And poor Victor is so closeted...but those two are so sweet on each other."
He set his bookbag down on the couch and headed straight for the bathroom, ready to wash the long school and work day away.
"Excellent plan John." Sherlock pressed a kiss to his blogger's cheek. He wrapped an arm around John and the two began to walk back to the flat. Sherlock turned to take one last look at the frozen angels, and he frowned. "John?"
Mycroft caught Jim at the front door. "Do you know what you're getting into sleeping with my sister?" he asked in a warning tone. "She's not what you think she is. Don't continue to get involved."
Bryan took another sip, set his bottle down on the table, and peered intently at John. “There’s something important I have to tell you.”
"Well beautiful? You going to give me the best ten minutes of my life or what?" Janine asked silkily.
"We know Janine is clearly infatuated with you. God knows why," Molly said, rolling her eyes. "But she decided to take some leave, which we readily granted."
Sherlock put his laptop to sleep, and headed for the loo. He was meeting Theo and Sophie for dinner at a local restaurant and wanted a hot shower before heading out, the pleasant image of John Watson never leaving his mind.
“Love you too Mom.” She closed the door, and John stood back in front of the fan. These sweltering days were when he wished he had a pool. He could go to the beach, but his car desperately needed a wash, so he decided he would cool off that way. He glanced up at the clock. It was almost eleven. He would be working at The Big H from six until ten so he had plenty of time to get his ride nice and shiny. He opened up another drawer and pulled out his red swim trunks, ready to start his day.
"This is so much fun!" Brett exclaimed as the carousel spun around. He was riding a brown horse. Sherlock sat next to him on a black horse. John was standing in front of him with a secure arm around Rosie, who was on a white unicorn. Sherlock couldn't help but stare at John's pert behind which his dark jeans was accentuating quite nicely.
"Maybe. I booked an appointment with Mycroft's tailor on Savile Row for Thursday morning. I know you want input on our wedding plans, but Joseph is one of the best and he's offering us a discount."
John giggled as his spouse dashed out the bedroom door. Five minutes Sherlock appeared with a tray. "Mrs. Hudson paid the delivery boy and I gave her some breadsticks to placate her." But here we are, Angelo's famous lasagna and breadsticks. Would you like your tea refreshed?"
"Well, it certainly ended on a entertaining note." Victor grinned at John. "You know, I was going to kiss you before we were so rudely interrupted."
In just a few minutes Sherlock had a printout which listed John's address and cell number. "Thank you Janine," Sherlock said, and quickly left the office, grateful his deduction spared him from a go with the horny receptionist. He stared at the piece of paper like his life depended on it.
John sat down in a white plush armchair, gazing around the waiting room. There were blown-up photos of good-looking men and women hung on the walls, along with photos of various nature scenes and landscapes. Whoever this Victor Trevor was, he was very talented.
Sherlock and John waved off the last of the guests, wishing them a safe trip home, and then they each let out a long sigh. Sherlock quickly shut the door and wrapped his long arms around his spouse. "Finally, peace and quiet, just the two of us, how it's meant to be." He bent down and soundly kissed his blogger.
Carl Powers attended Culverton Smith High and was a championship wrestler. He is survived by his mother, Susan Powers, and father, Carl Powers Sr. He had no siblings.
A waitress came to their table to get their orders. John got the vegetable soup and turkey club lunch special, and Luke chose fish and chips. Both men ordered hot tea and water.
So we're back focusing on some of the other teens, and this chapter is not going to be as angsty as the last few have been. I do want to post a warning for some very mild homophobia, and coveting of a certain body type which is not my actual opinion.
Sherlock put on his sexiest smile and gazed down at Janine. "Hello Janine. I was wondering if you could help me."
This is a pretty dark chapter. You can thank The Hollow Crown for that, as I was writing it while watching Benedict be the creepy, scary, shouty hunchback king.
Jasmine nodded appreciatively at John. "Great. It's always nice to have male omegas get in on the fun."
John held back a chuckle at the hostess' personality change as she led him to a back corner of the restaurant. Sitting at a round table next to a large window was Irene and Molly. John was glad he wasn't wearing jeans and a jumper. Both women were dressed impeccably. Irene had on a sleeveless red maxi dress with a low V-neckline, accentuated by a pearl necklace with a diamond clasp, her dark hair down this time but coiffed stylishly. Molly wore a navy blue sleeveless knee length sheath dress with a sapphire and diamond choker around her slim neck, and her hair was pulled up into a loose, but fancy bun.
Short, angsty chapter featuring Wanda Watson as a protective mama bear. Usually in fanfics she's either an abused wife, a neglectful mom, or a booze and pill addict, but here she's a loving parent who doesn't want anyone messing with her baby!
John squeezed his hand. "I know it's rough out there. My divorce from Mary nearly made me go out of my mind. For a while I vowed never to get involved ever again. I had my job, my friends, Rosie, I figured that's all I needed in my life. But the moment I saw you, I realized I was going to break that vow."
He walked into the house. Harry and Wanda were washing the dinner dishes, and Clarence was folding laundry in the small utility room where the washer and dryer was. The radio was still playing. John thought it was a perfect summer evening.
"How about "He'll Have To Go?" Bill Murray shouted with a snicker. Sarah guffawed and playfully punched her boyfriend in the shoulder.
"Well, that assembly this morning really spooked a lot of people. Molly didn't want to leave me after it ended," Greg said.
Sherlock's lips were on John's. It was a chaste kiss, but warm and tender. After they parted, Sherlock sighed happily and John beamed. "That was wonderful Sherlock."
"Dad! I'm here with some groceries! I went to Tesco and got some things to make chicken parm!" Rosie called from the cozy living room of John's home. She brought the bags into the kitchen and set them on the table. She looked towards the double doors that led to the backyard, where she spotted her dad walking around the yard, wearing earbuds. She chuckled at the sight and went outside. John gazed up, saw his daughter, smiled and waved. He took his earbuds out and walked towards her. "Hi honey. I wasn't expecting you today, thought you had to work."
John laughed and turned around to face Sherlock. "And think, it's ours until the end of the week. We're gonna live it up. Room service, long, hat baths, and the pool is open this weekend. I can't wait to do some laps."
Molly vehemently shook her head. "Oh Lord no. Sherlock doesn't think astronomy is worthwhile. He told me he actually deleted the solar system from his mind palace."
Sherlock sighed. At this point, he'd do anything to be with John. "All right. I'll eat your insipid snacks."
"Yes Doctor. I neglected to wear 'normal summer' clothes during this heatwave, and because of that I'm here, unable to do anything but stand," Sherlock replied bitterly.
John was unpacking his bags and getting settled into the spare room of Harry and Clarence's home. It was a small room, but it had a twin size bed, two windows side by side to the right, a closet, two dresser drawers, and a small bedside table with a radio and alarm clock. Paintings of beach scenes hung on the sky blue wall. It was peaceful and cozy and it's exactly what John needed.
"Well, um, thank you. It's a bit of surprise that you can smell me. All the alphas I've met say my scent is very faint," John replied, his voice a little too meek for his liking.
"John, I'm sorry for hurting you. I was overwhelmed with all these feelings, and I don't know what came over me. Please forgive me."
This was completely unacceptable. Sherlock wanted him NOW. So he decided on Plan B. He would call Leather and Lace and get John's schedule from the receptionist, Janine. Sherlock knew Janine had the hots for him, it would be easy to charm her into having access to John's information, specifically, his phone number and address. He was not going to let John Watson slip through his fingers.
When Sherlock introduced John to Mycroft and Greg, the two immediately knew John was the one, and when he told them about his special gender, Mycroft was extremely excited. As a gamma, John could hold his own, and he could both nurture and protect his stubborn younger brother, especially during dangerous cases. Mycroft would have more time to look after Greg, who was now pregnant with their first litter.
John awoke to the sound of heavy rain pelting against his bedroom window. A loud crash of thunder soon followed. Any other Saturday, John would moan and groan about the bad weather taking over his weekend, but today he was perfectly fine with it. He had to work a late afternoon shift at The Big H for Mike, so he was going to stay home until it was time to go to work.
“So, did you break up with her yet?” Greg tore his eyes away from the pool to see a girl with jet black hair done up in an elaborate bun, small white flower tucked in behind her left ear, wearing a pristine white satin sleeveless dress smirking down at him. “What?” he said, startled. He’d never heard her approach him.
"Well, do you wanna hit the beach? Harry and Clarence are working at the garage, and Mom will be back any moment from the store." John's eyes lit up in anticipation of cutting through those waves.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand again. "Lord knows I'm not the easiest person to be with either. I have a temper and it can flare up in a second. I still have nightmares from my time in the army. But I think it's worth the risk don't you? That's what life is about, taking risks. Sometimes those risks pay off. I think this will be one of them."
Officer James Sholto's voice called in on his radio. "Patrol Unit 26 this is base. What's your 10-101?"
Just then a bolt of purple lighting lit up the sky and raindrops fell onto the newlyweds. John took Sherlock's hand and the two sat down in their lounge chairs under the porch roof. The raindrops turned into sheets, thunder rumbled, and occasionally lightning lit up the sky. The sounds of the storm combined with the pounding ocean waves made for some very lovely white noise, and it wasn't long before the two gave into slumber, Sherlock's hand covering John's hand that was resting on his chest.
Sherlock and John as we know and love them, just set in the seventies! Inspired by my love of disco music and 1970's crime shows, along with Martin Freeman being a DJ in real life when he's not acting or being Mr. Sassy Pants.
John's mouth dropped open. It's not like he ran into him on purpose. A few years ago, he would have screamed at him and gave him what-for, but now he was about peace and love. He looked at him intensely and shook his head. "I didn't mean to hit you on purpose. Did you see that frisbee flying right towards me? I don't need a broken nose. You mods are so uptight. Loosen up and be free mate. You're at the beach. It's all about good vibes."
Freshly showered but sore from practice, John was lying on his bed, reading a comic book and listening to the radio when he heard a noise at the window which made him startle a little. He rushed to his closet, retrieved his baseball bat, and carefully peeled back his curtain. Seeing Sherlock, he instantly relaxed and put the bat down on the floor. He unlatched the pane and Sherlock silkily slid through, reminding John of a big, graceful cat entering his castle.
Greg appeared on the porch, wearing yellow rubber gloves, his gray hair stuck up in spikes, with a look of complete frustration on his face. "Molly, I need your help love. While I was scrubbing Amy's walls, Sadie nicked the lipstick out of the rubbish bin and now she's drawn all over Gordon's walls."
"My mind John. I separate my mind into different wings that holds important information. If I find something isn't useful or worth my time, I delete it. You however, are very important and worth my time, so I created a whole new room in my mind just about you."
Veronica slumped down on the sofa. "Sherlock and Mycroft, they can be redeemed, I know they can. It's just out-of-control hormones. But Eurus...she's different and she's going to end up doing the same thing to some poor innocent soul like she did with-"
The alpha's eyes nearly bulged out of its sockets. "Holy shit. That's unreal. No wonder I couldn't smell you so prominently."
Sherlock smiled upon seeing John. He ran his long hands through his dark curls trying to tame them and John chuckled at the sight. "Cute," he told Sherlock.
John grinned and turned around to see his handsome husband also wearing a plush white robe, curls damp but combed from the bath. "Yes, from both sides."
Victor Trevor, his brother Vincent, Vincent's girlfriend Amy Williams, and Amy's sister Melody walked through the doors. "Hey, there's John," Victor said, making a beeline for his friend. Vincent, Amy and Melody followed and joined the group on the dance floor. John grinned when he saw his friend.
"When Mom called and told me what's been happening, I was so ready to come to Sherrinford and beat the shit out of him." Harry narrowed her eyes and gripped the steering wheel hard. "Why didn't you press charges?"
John licked his lips nervously. Would there be a New Year kiss? If it didn't happen he wouldn't be sad, things were happening so fast, but John was never one to take things slow. And Sherlock was definitely interested.
"John you're beautiful. A silver fox if there ever was one," Sherlock told him lovingly, still amazed that after all these years, they were together and more in love than ever.
"Was he or she a disgruntled employee doing it for revenge?" John asked, sitting up to make room for Sherlock, who sat down and pulled John close to him.
Mycroft got up. He had to leave the room. Something had to be done about Sherlock. He knew his own behavior regarding Molly was suspect, but he couldn't see anyone else hurt. He quietly crept to the front doors and walked out towards the green Aston Martin in the driveway. He was soon speeding down Baker Street, and on towards town.
"I don't want to face Irene, that's why. I know she'll say tons of awful things about me now that Greg dumped her for me."
John knew he wasn't going to be one of them, it was only reserved for seniors. His friends said that he would definitely be up for it next year.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as John returned. "Hey, they like the puns, what can I say?" John said with a smile.
Dave nodded gravely. "We found her at the Belgrave mansion about five minutes ago, lying on the living room floor. It seems she overdosed on pills. She's been rushed to Gatiss General."
"I can't believe she showed up here!" Janine whispered heatedly to Mike, Mary, Little Seb, Sophie Hunter and her boyfriend Tim Carlton, Sarah Sawyer and her boyfriend Bill Murray.
"Come on Wilkes, we're taking you to the station. Your reign of terror is over," the cop holding him said.
The customer walked away a couple of minutes later, and Sherlock quickly walked to the counter. "Hello, how can I help you?" the blond man asked politely. Sherlock mentally noted the other man's deep blue eyes had dilated slightly, a sign of attraction. He could use that to his advantage.
"I'm not playing anything. I told you I'm slightly attracted to you but that's it." John turned his head and stared out at trees and grass.
Then John told her that Sherlock had come to the house Sunday after she left for the grocery store and he stayed for almost two hours. She should have been furious, but part of her actually felt good that John wasn't alone. Nothing had happened, they had listened to records and danced (although John conveniently left out the dancing was slow dancing, and the two had made out). And since Sherlock was at the dance with John and the two had supposedly heard the killer, she was even more relieved John wasn't alone when he was outside. She shuddered to think what would have happened if John had stayed outside sooner.
Mary Rosamund Morstan was a pretty nursing student with wavy blonde hair, doe eyes, and a sharp sense of humor. She'd brought her mother in, who came down with a nasty sore throat that John diagnosed as strep. He and Mary instantly connected and within weeks, they were steadily dating.
Sherlock huffed. "So many people in this school are idiots. I can't help if they don't like being told that."
Jim eventually shook his head. “You were going to hit her Big Seb. She had to defend herself. I told you that using your brawn instead of your brain was going to get you in trouble, but you didn’t listen. Now run home to Henry, I’m sure he’ll love to hear all about your latest adventure. If you keep this up, there won’t be anymore younger boys left for you and you may have to...oh I don’t know...sleep with someone your own age?” He laughed, and for the first time in his life, Sebastian Wilkes was scared. Without a word, he left the park, cringing at the pain from the wound aggravated by his movements.
"We are gathered here today to witness the wedding ceremony of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. They will now exchange vows and rings to further cement their already strong union as a bonded Alpha and Omega pair."
"He's not going to try anything with me, I'll let him have it if he does," John firmly promised. "It's just going to be swimming and lunch. I'm his ride, so if he acts up, I'll strand him there."
"Hi honeybee," Sherlock said happily, pressing a kiss to her cheek. He smiled at his husband. "Get in John."
, I say and look up to you. I can barely see your silhouette and your coat which is flowing in the wind. I don’t see your eyes but I hear you crying. I don’t see your lips but I hear you talking.
, echoed Sherlock's scolding voice in his head. John turned to the real Sherlock and met an alarmed expression. He knew he should not have done that. He tried to look apologetic. Sherlock turned away  and focused back on Mycroft.
But you are. They carry you away and I am alone. Kneeling in the rain, I watch your blood being washed away.
John was walking down the sidewalk, behind him. He could not see John. The hair on the back of Sherlock's neck stood up. He could hear John's stiff gate, recognized it immediately. Familiar. Angry. Oh yes, the bank account. Drained.
intervene, now or any other time. God never does. Though when John Watson cried out for God, he used Sherlock's full name, like maybe God didn't know who Sherlock was, or maybe John just wanted to make sure God didn't confuse him with all the other Sherlocks in the world and inadvertently save the wrong one.
