“I don’t believe you have the guts to actually use that thing, Wilson. I’ve known you for a very long time, remember?” Tony dismisses.
“You and your shenanigans have been all anyone can talk about all week.” Fisk spits back at Peter “Nobody is getting any work done because of your games and yet you still have the entire department speaking your praises. I’ve had just about enough. I will not see you turn this workplace into a zoo. Why am I the only one who can see that this whole time you’ve acted no better than an ignorant child?”
“There’s that attitude problem again, short stack. I’m not sure it’s wise to talk to your superiors in that manner?” Sam groans.
“Clint, weren’t you grabbing drinks?” Steve slumps further into his seat as if he was trying to disappear into it.
“Peter is apparently setting up a trap to catch my mysterious pen kidnapper so he gets a pass for not working currently. However, if he keeps sticking his nose where it doesn’t belong my attitude towards him may change very quickly.” Steve says as he stretches out his neck, his body loosening up a little. “If I didn’t know any better Bucky, I would say your subtle praise for Pete just then is an indication that he is growing on you. Before you know it he’s going to be one of your favourites.”
Peter flinches. He can feel himself starting to splutter in surprise but stops himself because he is trying to come across as cool and collected.
Peter nods. That did sound more like Steve. If the relationship is only just starting though it probably isn’t serious enough yet for it to cause any issues. Unless….
“With my dazzling intellect and 10/10 personality,” Peter quips back.
“Yeah. Of course, of course. A boss and a friend and a peacekeeper. She’s got a lot going for her.” Peter might be panicking a little now. Who said he was good at this again? Oh wait, it was him, wasn’t it? Yeah. He had clearly been fooling himself.
Peter’s pretty puzzled by all the silent conversations occurring but he also figures he hasn’t worked here long enough for any of it to be any of his business yet. Surely after working together for years, being able to communicate silently probably becomes quite normal. It might be complete instinct and they don’t even realise they are doing it anymore.
“This corporate chess game you are playing with Fisk can’t go on forever Tony” Steve’s glare is steely.
“Danny as in Daniel? Not Danielle?”
Bucky makes a sound of protest and Logan rolls his eyes as he leaves the room. “You’re all such softies.”
The job didn’t seem as impossible as these two were making it out to be. Steve is an extremely handsome man with a bundle of positive qualities. Women were swooning over the blonde behind his back left, right and centre. The biggest challenge would probably be finding someone STEVE was interested in.
“Are you insinuating that I’m a bad influence?”
“…… yeah, I guess that’s a pretty good idea” Peter says slowly, feeling foolish.
“Oh yeah?” Fisk says in a sinister tone, then without hesitation, he aims the gun just above Peter’s head and fires a shot at the wall next to Tony. A bullet ripping through the painting in its way. “That’s going to be your only warning.”
“That’s it go ahead and brag all you want. You aren’t going to get one up on me again kid.”
Peter snickers at the dig. Fisk glowers at the sound but still doesn’t acknowledge him.
“I would have to say the contrary, I came over to let you know you’ve proven to be a worthy man over the last week, Peter. In my eyes anyway.” T’challa ducks into Peter’s view.
“Minion asked if you were stupid, Fisk. Seemed like a simple question to me.”
“What is it?” Peter asks and then skulls the drink down before she answers.
Tony bunches up a napkin and attempts to throw it at the man “Classy”
Steve lips quirk up “We shouldn’t have favourite coworkers Peter.”
“You spend a lot of time with a man that you constantly have to walk on eggshells around. What could motivate that?” Peter says slyly, thinking about how a certain redhead is also frequently in Mr Stark’s office.
“Hey hon, thanks for listening to my sorrows but I’m going to have to call you back.” Hanging up the phone once MJ has finished sending kisses down the line, Peter directs his attention to the man in front of him. “Willie, that literally made you into such a creep. Way to be a cliché.”
“Yeah yeah, I don’t want to hear it” Peter groans, feeling an ache between his shoulder blades from landing hard on his back.
“Kid, if you don’t get your ass in here and stop pacing back and forth, I’m going to personally add all of Pepper’s files to the pile of paper work Sam and Bucky left for you.”
Rhodey just makes a noise of disgust in reply. The man turns to go, pauses and then turns back again, shaking his head exasperatedly “Clint needs to see you about some outfits he wants to be showcased. I’d finish up quickly.” still yelling to the couple through the door.
“I was going to say eccentric, smart ass.”
Tony squints at the exchange “What sort of bet did Jessica and Luke make about Steve?”
It means something to the other three though because they all send each other a look that Peter doesn’t understand. “Why? Does that mean something bad?”
“He’s got enough to deal with. I can handle a few stupid comments. The man mostly ignores me anyway.” He schools his face back into a pleasant smile.
“I still can’t believe you managed to keep each other secret for… how long did you say it was?” Jones asks.
He’s standing by as Steve is going over some of the details in an article Luke is working on with T’challa. And yes, Peter is just standing there. Definitely not messing with Luke’s stapler, pretending it’s a ray gun. Just standing and paying attention to the other three. Don’t listen to big, broad and moody.
Peter jumps in his seat and swings around to the magically appearing Jess.
Peter’s heart stops.
Peter turns back around and sees both Happy and Tony hunched over the top of a body that Peter has now connected with the blonde flash that had gotten in the way of the bullet intended for Tony.
“Hey Steve, I just wanted to come by to see how you are doing.” Peter says tentatively.
Steve hums a little in reply but doesn’t change his gaze. Feeling ignored, Peter follows over to what has Steve all spaced out, curious as to what has the man's attention. He finds that the view is just a group of Sam, Bucky and Mr Stark joking about something and laughing. Peter frowns in confusion. The sight of Mr Stark almost on the floor, cackling at Sam and Bucky goofing off is amusing but hardly stare worthy, so why is Steve looking over at the scene like a man possessed?
“Ahhh speak of the devil and he shall appear” Luke, says, his mocking barely disguised behind its neutral tone. Peter is not alone in his complaints about the jerk that runs their department.
“Bet he loves that. Figured out how to have a conversation without poking each others wounds yet?”
“Being the good friend that I am, I thought I should let you know what your apparent partner thinks of you.”Sam says slyly “Last week he called you a pretend boy scout who is actually an understated asshole.”
“Hey Hey. No abusing my boyfriend.” Jones cuts in playfully. “I don’t care if you’ve been learning all Marvel’s trade secrets from Steve, Parker. You aren’t that special.”
“Don’t push it, Parker.”
Peter does leave this time, knowing he shouldn’t push his luck any further.
Great. Thanks a lot Luke, Peter thinks as he scratches the back of his neck, he may have not told Luke that what he and Steve had been chatting about needed to be kept secret but he had GREATLY implied it.
When Tony looks at the Steve though his face becomes a goofy smile instead of the usual scowl Peter would have expected.
“Naww, don’t be that way Sourpatch. More free time to spend with yours truly.”
Of course it is. This is Peter Parker’s life after all.
“Correction Steven, I am hilarious.”
“Any impossible task you say?”
“Of course not, Fisk is a jackass.”
“Did nobody ever teach you manners you beast?” Steve asks exasperately, trying to smack Mr Stark’s limbs away. Instead of replying Stark makes a huge exaggerated sexual sounding noise of appreciation as he sips from the coffee cup he managed to snag, causing Steve’s face to screw up in disgust.
"The betrayal. This means war!"
“Oh. But T’challa seems so nice and nobody could run the company like Pepper.” Peter says softly to himself, his stomach dropping like a stone. He couldn’t think of anything worse for the company than passing over a leader like Virginia Potts.
“Sure! You got a spare four million dollars on you or?”
“I think that’s just an excuse you throw out whenever you want to avoid having to do your job! End of the day you are too afraid to get your hands dirty Stark”
Peter watches as Clint tries to kick the PR manager, Jessica’s, chair out from underneath her for a fourth time and holds his breathe for the potential disaster. He continues to watch Clint’s pout grow larger as Jess proves she has eyes in the back of her head by avoiding his ploy without even acknowledging that the prankster is even there.
Peter grabs at his bag, quickly obeying, so he doesn’t catch Mr Stark muttering something under his breath that sounds like “Not a bloody damsel and don’t need stupid Adonis handling my shit”. Peter instead dives into detail about the shots he had taken of a squirrel by the cafe this morning.
Before Peter could figure out a way to ask, he was interrupted by Jess and Mr Stark coming back over to the table to join them. Mr Stark immediately going for the kill.
Pepper’s smile looks more genuine as she answers “Flattery will get you everywhere Steve. I may forgive your deceitful ploy yet.”
“Did I hear someone bring up Steve’s pathetic love life?”
“Pfft easy,” Peter says sticking out his hand with false bravado. “This will be like taking candy from a baby”
“Boo, Jess! You used to be on our side” Sam says playfully.
“Uhhh??” the boss says eloquently “Steve?”.
“It is never okay for whisky” Peter whines “It’s the reason my life is a mess. It’s the reason I’m no longer allowed in three separate laundry mats. It’s the reason Mj’s costume draw will never be the same again!”
“Well, I didn’t like the idea of the company, that I single-handed helped your father grow, was celebrating without me. Thought I’d better drop in for a visit. You’re going to listen to me very carefully Stark or this kid is going to become a bug under my shoe.”
“Whoa big guy! Who taught you that bad word?” Tony mocks offence, clutching a hand to his chest.
“Funny” Peter deadpans,
“It’s perfect. I am about to be the luckiest guy on the planet.” Steve looks at Tony warmly, pressing a kiss at the boss’s hairline.
“Wait” Luke chimes in, seeming to have overheard the last part of their conversation. “You want to move out of that amazing building? How are you going to find somewhere that tops a place like that? Pepper has done wonders with how she decorated it. It literally a one in a lifetime sort of home”
Peter decides to ignore that and go greet the two men to put an end to their misery. It’s all quite pleasant as they all hop into the elevator together before Peter has to go ahead and ruin it.
“There are plenty of rumours about how there’s going to be a big shakeup in the next few weeks though,” Luke says, trying to calm Clint back down. “I mean Pepper will surely be made Editor-in-Chief soon. Hopefully, that is an opening for Steve.”
“You’re going to regret that, Stark.”
Slowly, Peter processes what had just gone down and comes close to a breakdown for the second time in a day.
“You don’t have anything on me. There's not enough evidence.” Jess sits back with a cocky grin. Peter blanches, knowing that she's right. How does she keep catching him at every turn? Maybe he could set up his camera to do an around the corner shoot. Catch her in the act, Peter plans to himself, thinking out his step by step process.
Steve, the bastard just sits there and silently snickers at the brunette’s reaction while Peter cringes at the boss’s expression, unable to find the words to explain himself.
“I care very much on the order.” Rhodey grits out, once again reminding everyone what he has suffered through.
“Tony’s going to figure out a way to fix this for you, I promise.”
“I can’t believe we are still having run in’s with that dick.” Steve growls with a surprising force.
Steve runs a hand through his hair. “Peter, as much as I appreciate you looking out for me, I don’t want a promotion. I’ve turned them down the couple times I’ve been asked. I am perfectly happy with my position at Marvels. You need to stop getting so heavily involved in the office drama or at least use those journalist instincts and gather all the facts first.”
“Have you really not dated since high school?”
Bucky had noticed Steve’s pinning for Pepper too? Good, that was information Peter can work with.
“You right there?” Steve mutters fondly, turning back to Sam as the darker man pulls up a website on his phone.
“Really? Because I was told Jones, that you only insisted on using the nickname Webhead in school to disguise the giant sappy crush you had on me.”
“That's what I think! I’ve been telling him that for months.” He gave Sam a wide eyed stare and with a stage whisper towards him “It’s been YONKS!”
Tony is still hunched on the other side of the table, trying to protect himself.
Oh, Peter hears himself let out a hiss, Pepper probably was the one to hire Steve. She’s technically his boss.
Once the ordeal is over with and the three tell everyone that it was a bit of a scare but they are alright, Peter berates himself for letting the situation get to a place where somebody almost got hurt.
“If he hasn’t figured it out by now there’s no hope for him.”
It is well known among the office to keep the pair separated if nobody wanted any damages or shattered feelings to occur that day. Peter hadn’t seen them really go for each other's throats since he’s been here but he has seen enough to observe how the two men both seem to have an uncanny knack of pushing each other's buttons.
“Hey! I can be quick.” Peter counters “You’re looking at the guy who left Billy Pinder in the dust in the second-grade sack race. Don’t worry That little head of yours”. Peter didn’t have a plan though so he has no idea why he’s telling Bucky that he does.
“You’re right, You should at least take it out to dinner before you allow yourself such thoughts” Peter quips back.
..... Maybe…… that was what Steve needed. A person that would work to be his partner in life as well as his lover.
Peter backtracks and thinks about where he could have lost Steve.
“I hate to admit it. But you might be a genius.” Peter whispers to the stylist.
The three of them are just finishing off the last of their drinks when they hear a large yelp come from the other side of the room. Clint has apparently made some sort of comment that displeased Jess and received one of her famous elbow jabs causing him to spill soda down his shirt.
Steve stifles a laugh and smugly replies “While I’m flattered Queens, you’re a little on the young side and I don’t think your girlfriend would approve.”
Peter lets out a slightly manic chuckle. It must be louder than he thinks though because Steve seems to hear him, turning away from Pepper.
“You have hearts in your eyes, coma girl.”
“To be fair we didn’t make much of a headway on the conversation because we were interrupted by Mr Stark” Peter says
“Are you drunk Peter?” Tony repeats Steve’s sentiment from earlier.
“Sure, I’ll believe that when I see it.”
Looking up from his laptop, he sees almost everyone else has already left for the day while he was daydreaming.
“Uhhh but weren’t you... didn’t you... Peter! We all thought you were aware of that...?” Clint says slowly.
“Exactly, I’m glad we are on the same page.” Steve agrees and then nods his head in a way as if to say he has won that argument.
So now Peter finds himself sitting with Luke and Jones watching the senior’s of the company go to town, ribbing at their coworker and boss.
“Marvel’s rumour mill strikes again. Jones said to tell you that that's a point to her.”
“Reckon it’s getting serious?”
The conversation pauses as everyone look at one another. Jones is looking at Steve like he grew two heads.
Peter isn’t so sure. He thinks again of Steve’s face when the blonde had realised the love of his life is about to propose to somebody else. He basically broke the poor man’s heart.
“Hey, that’s what makes me so lovable” Peter pushes, enjoying getting a rise out of the angry man.
Fisk drags Peter back to his office to torment the intern further by throughly showing him everywhere he went wrong in the last hour causing Peter to have to leave the letter behind.
Luke slumps his shoulders in defeat “I need new friends” he murmurs as he picks up the glasses to take to the bar, kissing Jones’ temple before leaving. Jones watches him go, smiling.
“I’ve had to put up with your lovestruck behaviour for years, none the wiser on why you’ve been acting like more of a space cadet than usual. The last thing you deserve is kind.”
“Pepper is right. Peter deserves a toast tonight as well.” Steve insists, raising a glass and the rest of the table follows suit.
Peter looks up and, as if he were the devil himself, sees Mr Stark heading towards their table with Jessica Drew.
“You’re right though” Clint says, snapping everyone out of the sober mood. “It never occurred to me earlier but Steve has always fancied the stylishly, confident type. The more I think about it, the more I can see where you are coming from.”
The first task is figuring out what Steve would want in a girlfriend.
“Skulking around trying to catch the daily gossip?” Bucky teases.
“Oh, you think I’ll give in that easily do you?” Steve replies with a small smirk.
Feeling low and needing a pick-me-up he decides to see what he had managed to catch on his camera before it had run out of batteries. He loads up the footage and starts skimming through it. Not staying on any of it for too long because he’s not interested in spying on his co-workers, just wants to reminisce over the place he’s probably getting kicked out of any minute now.
“No. That isn’t worth it, Steve. You are more important. Now stay awake until Pink Panther gets you some help.”
“Number 5 might work too.” Jones adds on.
Peter’s brain feels like it is exploding.
“Are you going to tell everyone now?” Peters asks
“Everything okay?” Peter asks, concerned by the troubled look on Steve’s face.
“Stark” "Tony” Pepper and Steve crossly exclaim at the same time. Rhodey elbowing Mr Stark softly in the process.
“Ughhh you suck! And she probably would. I mean look at you.” Peter whines. He chucks the smart arse in front of him a glare. “No I just mean- Well hypothetically you know.”
Cool it Parker, Peter thinks to himself, He has no idea that you have no idea what you are meant to do right now.
“He is unbelievably hard to buy for,” Steve says, some….. sympathy?…. Bitterness? in his voice. He blows on his mug to cool down the contents and sends Peter an empathetic look.
“A little more is a gross understatement. You work harder than a horse” Peter grumbles under his breath.
Clint’s eyes darken with glee “Good point.” Clint then starts pelting empty nut shells at the boss with terrifying accuracy.
“No. I didn’t ride my bike today. Josie’s isn’t too far so we can walk.”
Jess doesn’t respond, choosing to watch said man come through the door with the morning coffee run.
Peter feels a sinking sense of dread. Working at Marvels is his dream job. And he has been bending over backward for Fisk these last couple of weeks, he couldn’t believe the man still didn’t see the value of Peter’s work. This isn’t fair.
“I have no idea if you are being sarcastic or not anymore.” Jess comments as she wonders past, heading off to the toilets.
Peter shakes his head, exasperated. Ye of little faith Luke, he thinks as he hums to himself. “Please! Jones is no competition for me. I’m a sneaky bastard which she cannot compare to.”
He is close to pulling his hair out from his lack of ideas but he’s not quite desperate enough to try anything on Clint’s list yet.
“Because you always know best, hey Steve?”
“Not a chance buster.” Mr Stark shoots back immediately.
“Okay, I think Peter has had enough for today. I better help him home.” Steve interrupts with a smile, grabbing Peter’s jacket for him.
Steve’s eyes widen and he quickly looks away, his smile disappearing. “Bucky and Sam spreading stories about me huh?”
Clint has him wearing dark blue velvet pants and a white shirt that is objectively a lot tighter than the ones Steve usually wears. What tops off the outfit though is the over-sized winter coat with big brass buttons that is hanging off Steve’s shoulder, the navy colour bringing out Steve’s blue eyes.
“I’m sure it’s made it’s way around the company by this stage, not much point keeping it ourselves now.” Steve guesses.
“Okay, jokes aside. It’s your lucky day Parker. You may just be onto something so I am going to offer you my assistance with Steve. Now if you are done being a cock blocker, I plan to catch that brunette before he leaves.” Clint gets up to go after the man across the room.
The larger manager has been running Peter to the ground all day with petty extra tasks - tasks he’s been trying to get Peter to slip up on, so the intern can admit that he is exhausted and reflexes aren’t at their best.
Bucky doesn’t falter “Especially since Stark is actually right this time. I know you don’t like to hear it but it really isn’t your job to help with Fisk’s responsibilities.”
Steve comes out and the whole office seems to turn their heads his way.
“You have no off switch, do you?” Jess comments lightly.
“Wouldn’t dream of it” Steve deadpans and goes back to eating the doughnut. “Who was the third one for anyway?”
“Pepper did your email say today that you are organising Mr Stark’s Birthday Bash?” Peter smiles up at the couple and T’challa, trying to appear as casual as possible.
“I’m already calling 911. I have a feeling you have a lecture from a lovable but scary blonde in your future.”
“Pfft. Because insecurity is something you suffer from, is it Parker?.” Jones shoves him playfully as he clutches at his chest, feigning offence. “Steve is a closet romantic. Use all that disgusting romcom knowledge you have built over the years and you can’t fail”
“Yep! Absolutely! Everything is groovy?” ...Groovy? Peter could just smother himself sometimes “I just wanted to grab some directions off you to Josie’s. Sam said you go every week?”
It’s one of the most put-together desks he’s ever seen. Everything is colour coordinated and has its place on a shelf or on the desk.
“That was almost the most romantic thing you’ve ever said until you ruined it at the end there” Steve says, perplexed at the image Tony is making. “Beside it was my shoulder, no need to be so dramatic.”
“Point?”
Peter looks at Luke and sees wide eyes staring back at him. Both of them coming to a conclusion on what had caused Rhodey to freak out. Peter feels an intense bout of second wave embarrassment for both the couple inside and Rhodey himself. It’s truly a mortifiying situation!
Peter starts to feel victorious about the ploy when seeing the attention Steve is drawing. When even Mr Stark seems to be taken by surprise from Steve’s appearance, as he and Pepper come down the hall with T’challa, Peter is sure they have gotten it right this time.
Not entirely believing Steve, Peter scurries away after giving the blonde’s word a half hearted acknowledgement. All he wants to do is just spend the rest of the day curled up by his laptop, licking his wounds.
Peter internally shrieks and runs away before he hears anymore. He may think Jess and Tony are a good couple but he didn’t need any of those images, thank you very much. Grabbing his phone, he types the beginning of a long update to Mj, finally ready to fill her in on one of the more hectic days of his life.
“That’ll be the last time you ever call me stupid.”
Steve looks up startled, a hint of something Peter doesn’t recognise flashing in his eye before disappearing again. “Skipping out on Pepper again Stark? She made it out like it was going to be a late-night for you both.”
“I like helping out” Steve shrugs, sweeping up the crumbs from his doughnut into a napkin. “Fisk made it clear to Tony and Pepper at the beginning of this year that he is a busy man and I have the time so I may as well help them with his stuff. If that means I do a little more than a picture editor needs to, I don’t mind.”
“Wait T’challa was up with Pepper again?” Clint cut in, his lips pursing.
“Peter” Mr Stark says, chasing the intern out of his thoughts. “I’d like to introduce you to T’challa, head of Panther Corp. A very important person who you should meet to network with because you are great and networking helps with success and things.” Mr Stark says offhandedly, clearly expecting T’challa to take the lead in this meeting.
T’challa seems to shoot Mr Stark an amused look that is lost on Peter. Mr Stark doesn’t even catch it because he is suddenly engrossed in checking some figures in a file in front of him. Or is he drawing stick figures? Peter can’t quite tell.
Peter turns to face the man, trying to exude an air of easiness he is not actually feeling.
Peter slinks his way through the door and closes it behind him. He looks around at the large office that is full of posters and designs for past and upcoming issues of Marvels. There are several empty coffee mugs on the desk, a million different wires connected to the monster computer with a triple monitor set up, and post-it notes on every surface seen by the naked eye. It can only be called a mess but that is exactly how Peter imagined Mr Stark’s office would look like. The post-it notes are quite amusing too. At least ones Peter is able to subtly read.
“When Tony promises a big announcement he certainly delivers” Jones agrees.
They stay where they are as they spy Rhodey coming from around another corner and letting himself into the boss’s office. Well, he starts to but ends up freezing halfway through the door and throwing his hand over his eyes. There’s a yelp from inside the office and the sound of something crashing.
“That was spectacular” Clint says
“Liar” Tony quips “you have heaps of bed rest ahead of you. Stop kidding yourself beloved”
Fisk had managed to manoeuvre them so they were almost at the middle of the room now. Peter is trying to figure out if he can get a warning to someone without making this any worse.
Mr Stark lets out a humourless laugh “So I can hear you once again tell me your SoMeTiMeS YoU JuSt HaVe To GrAb ThE BuLl By ThE HoRnS speech?”
Tony Stark has always been a little bit of a legend in Peter's eyes. It was something Harry liked to make fun of Peter for when they were growing up. The first day of Peter’s internship he had held all his manly and very much not childish tears in when he had heard Mr Stark saying “God kid, I like your spirit. I’m going to make sure I monopolise your time here”.
Mr Stark snickers a little as the doors of the elevator open but Steve doesn’t even look up. Instead the blonde just bolts straight out the doors and to his desk leaving the rest of them standing there, stunned. Jess has a crease between her brows and is glancing at Stark while the brunette is rubbing his temple, exhaustion showing on his features. After some sort of silent communication between the pair they leave Peter in the hall by himself.
Mr Stark seems to have an opinion on that statement but instead of responding he gives a pointed stare across the room. In Jessica’s direction, if Peter's eyes don't deceive him. Peter scratches his head, finding the stare a little strange.
“Shit, Jess. Oh no, I’ve spoiled it. I didn’t know you were there. Please don’t tell Tony! Forget everything I said about a ring okay? Forget I even said anything at all! You didn’t hear a word from me.”Peter spills out as quickly as he can, not allowing himself to even take a breath.
Steve is huddled in pain as Tony grabs at the man and pulls him into his lap, stroking at his hair and whispering small encouragements into the injured man’s ear.
Both the men seem ready to fire back but hesitate, eyes going soft at the mention of the title fiance.
By the time T’challa cuts Peter off Peter realises he has been talking and showing him pictures for over 40 minutes.
“You will never believe the week I’m having.” Peter confesses.
“Crush? GIANT?” Luke looks between the two of them, bewildered.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
How could Peter be so stupid? Steve spends all his time finding excuses to go up to Mr Stark and Pepper’s floor. The more Peter thinks about it the more he can’t believe he hadn’t figured this out before.
“Whoa Fisk, aren’t we going a little far here?” Peter tries to placate “I’ve done everything you’ve asked of me this week. Fixed all the problems you’ve found in my images. Slaved away with the menial tasks you’ve given me. I don’t understand what I’ve done that’s caused you to have such an issue with me.” Peter rises to stand and looks directly into the face in front of him.
The intern has never seen the boss smile like that before before. Thinking about it, Peter realises it’s his first time seeing the Tony grin with no cynicism at the edges of his eyes. Happiness is a good look on the man, Peter notes absently.
Turning around he sees Steve is still hanging about finishing off the rest of his beer.
Peter ran away before Luke could say anything else scandalous and enters Pepper’s office.
Clint ducks and continues “It’s true! We just thought you were both too stubborn to ever manage confessing those hard ons to each other.” He ducks again as Tony lobs another napkin his way.
“Ughhh nowhere. I just …. I ignorantly thought when you had mentioned Danny that you were talking about a Danielle. I hadn’t realised Steve was also interested in guys. Not that that’s an issue! I’m just realising, as Jess has pointed out to me VERY recently, that I AM awfully obtuse on occasion.” Peter explains, feeling slightly stupid.
“See, bugboy gets it”
“Wow Stark, didn’t realise you’d miss me so much. Your father was right. You are getting soft.” Fisk yells, waving the gun a little to gain everyone’s attention.
“Okay, I’m slightly impressed, also slightly terrified.” Peter admits “But Steve does hate how often his pens go missing. He'd be so grateful to the person who found his culprit” Peter voice trails off slightly so that Jones can catch his implications.
“Luke, Steve loves kids.” Jones squeezes her boyfriend’s arm in reminder.
It was pleasant weather once they got outside. The streets were filled with people leaving work to get home which made the trip a little longer than it should have been but they both seem to be enjoying walking in silence. They get down a couple of streets, Steve still glued to his phone and snorting to himself now and then, when Peter processes what Steve had said in the elevator.
Oh! Peter thought dumbly. Mr Stark’s ring! No wonder Steve was worried if he also knew about the boss’s ring! It’s got to be too soon for Mr Stark to be wanting to propose. There’s a high chance she thinks it’s too soon and says no and that could end up really messy. Knowing these colleagues and their love for drama, the whole company could be split down the middle as everyone takes either Jess or Mr Stark’s side. It would create a complete wreck.
warm laughter and incessant rambling,
Steve’s voice snaps him out of his own reverie. He almost chokes on air. It takes him a moment to assemble his thoughts, broken memories and threatening fears poking at his skin, prodding until he allows himself the simple pleasure of even considering what
It's right there, five steps into Steve's room, next to the punching bag he teases Steve for having, where his heart soars instead of sinking.
Steve's smiling, he can just
He can almost
, and not quite the staggering type, either. Just a ‘it’s okay Tony, stand down, I want to do this.’
(Maybe it’s the media. He hates dealing with the media. After all the flashing lights and cameras and microphones, he
In one second of quiet, which feels like it's difficult to get now with a helicarrier full of people from all over the place, he's beginning to feel that overwhelming urge of———
moment, if not for the fact he’s asleep. With another sigh, Tony rubs at his eyes and angles his head back to stare up into darkness.
When the night is still and quiet with crickets chirping like white noise of infomercials on the television at three in the ungodly morning, Tony's mind frequents the same ill-fated day of their falling. His fall, in particular, too. It's difficult not to.
“What can I say?” His voice is a little clearer now, but the rumble of laughter that comes next is just a reminder he quite enjoys Steve’s laughter. “We all have our moments.”
The loud
And that’s a thing now. They’re the
Though, flying through a storm? A terrible idea. Thor has powered him up before with his lightning, but this is wild thunder and lighting, nothing like something so meticulously controlled by a God. There are variables here that are uncontrollable.
for all the times you fought,
Tony keeps rolling it back. The letter. Replays it in his heads, reads it in Steve’s voice. To think that this is his life, that someone he’d loved —
When the phone lights up an hour later, it turns out that Steve Rogers, in fact, did not just roll his eyes and get back to his secret world-saving duties, but decided to
They say that you don't know what you've got until you've lost it all.
If anyone asks him what went wrong, he doesn’t even know how to word it other than “differing opinions.” There’s more to it, he knows that, because his emotions got the best of him that day in Siberia, but he knows that disclosing information like that would likely lead to more drama that even Tony’s exhausted of.
for some semblance of the world we once knew,
It’s been a slow process, but he’s——
Tony’s fairly certain it’s fear.
The door slides open and Tony spins around with his chair, Iron Man helmet on his head before it retracts back itself and falls into a faceplate, right into his hands.
No one can tell
? No, Tony can’t have it happen again. Openness broke him thrice, he’d be a fool to let it happen again. He can’t let his ex magically trample all over his heart again.
. At the time, they’d spent enough time together for Steve to know how parents have always been a sensitive topic for Tony, not that his vulnerability regarding that subject was a good reason to withhold that sort of information. Stakes had already been high, and the magnitude of the situation had only escalated because Tony was already
help him find that peace in the
“You ever gonna let me finish?”
He glances over at his drink, amber liquid that’s burned down his throat pleasantly these last few days. He’s
, he'll get used to it. An odd thought to cross his mind, but he supposes that he just
, not his last.
Never once did he expect this turn of events. Of all things, of all people…but he can't complain, can he? It'll take time for Tony to forgive himself; he knows that much about himself. It's simply impossible for him to just
I’m right here, Steve. Fine and dandy.”
“Yeah, about that…
him for falling in love with her back then. He once had wondered if jealousy was worth it, if Steve still loved her and didn't plan on moving on, but a while ago, or what feels like an absolute century ago, Steve had casually mentioned that he wasn't actually hung up on her as much as people
Now Tony, although not the man to usually follow plans, feels like he's now floating in the air without much of a thought as to what to do next. Yes, they keep targeting AIM and its followers, but what else is he to do? Should he start Stark Industries back up now? Is that even a feasible decision to make at a time like this? Should he just stick to going with the flow? Should he admit his feelings—
his answer at the very end of the day. He just needed a little help getting back up there.
when he’s not (and yet, he believes the words himself). He’s made his mistakes, has far too many years of blood staining his fingers. He’s followed by the ghosts of the deceased who’ve fallen victim to his weapons and his shortcomings, the skeletons that pile up in his closet, already threatening to spill. There may just be a graveyard out there full of people he got killed with his weapons and the people he
The longer he keeps his verbal questions of love on the tip of his tongue, the more he wonders if Steve’s just playing some kind of game with him. They still never
"Okay, fair play, Stark. I'm ah—a little bit slower than I'm used to, but…"
“Hard? Yeah, I can tell.”
“Tony?”
Now, out of spite, he stares at the flip phone that sits on the metal of his workshop table. Tired eyes narrow in on the device and he thinks he could break down hysterically if he thinks about it any further.
. Unbelievable is the first thought that crosses Tony Stark's mind as he stands before
, Tony knows what’s about to happen. “So, time to take a break.”
the devil. As for the other…which voice is he going to listen to this time?
"I think I know now," Tony mutters to break the silence, and of course, Steve begins to laugh, and Tony feels the warmth rise in the pit of his stomach again hearing Steve's laughter. "And I uh—I feel the same, for the record. 'Cause we're definitely—I think we're on the same page. But you know, just in case, can you pinch me?"
Fixing up the Chimera feels like old times.
“Try me.”
"Glad to have you back." He then clears his throat and—are his palms getting sweaty?—looks at Steve before eyes dart back to the photo of Peggy as Steve sets it down. He watches the way he wipes his own hands, wringing the towel around each finger. "You know I just…" The photo reminds him of something. Something he found out a few hours ago. "…I found out that the satellite you were in was under my name. Or, well…dear old Dad's name."
Is it possible for him to avoid any conversation with Steve? He sure as hell wants to try, and he’d probably be humoured, too, because that’s the thing with Steve. He’s
There’s an unread message that he hasn’t dared to open, that single “1” taunting him. He doesn’t know what the message is, figured that if it were important, Steve would have called. (The thing is, Tony doesn’t know if he would
“We got cheeseburgers out in the kitchen.”
“Who—who am
"You were in a coma for five years."
"That it is," Tony eventually says after catching his breath, reeling in the internal anger and disappointment. It seems that, no matter what, after
Seems like he attracts war.
There's nothing truly more fitting than Tony clinging onto the little things these days. He's hanging on by a goddamn fucking thread that's running out of its elasticity. Every last email he's sent to Steve's email address, only for it to bounce back, is a reminder that maybe that he
"Tony? Are you hugging me?"
"It's not all about
with the speed he’s running at, but thank God he stops like stepping on car brakes.
lost in imperfect clouds and floating in murky waters;
It’s a relief, actually, because that’s how he gets the phone call from Pepper (not including the fifty-two voicemails), and he doesn’t think he’s ever held his breath so much before. He’d been afraid of returning back to everybody being gone, because he’d just watched everybody he fought with turn to ash. (
The smallest smile threatens to spill free, and Tony stops himself. Or at least he thinks he does. Hides it all with a wince and hiss. “Too soon.”
At least he can stick it to him now that
“— but you
That's a lie.
just gifting a friend with sad poetry.
God, he forgot about this jacket. It's odd to think about, and every part of him just
his sun-kissed skin is soft, almost fragile, if not for the fact i know not even bullets could pierce his skin. his hair lighter than gold, yet more valuable than any riches known to man.
at each other. Tony’s right, there are a few tufts of blond hair that have dropped to his forehead, and he most certainly does not have frequent and recurring thoughts of running his hand through Steve’s hair. And oh, of course it would be a lie if he says his eyes don’t briefly flicker down to Steve’s lips—
The last thought he has before he's blasting himself into space is that he
He stares, stares, and stares.
and he is both too much and too little;
And he doesn’t even know why.
If not for the fact he’s wearing sunglasses (he has absolutely
can’t worry.”
, he muses, and Tony worships that at his feet. He sees what’s coming and he prepares.
he thinks, for him to get back onto his feet and find his footing, to—
, and Steve finds a kind of comfort in newspapers, he’s realized. He adapts fairly quickly to technology, though.
That’s definitely not what Tony’s expecting. “Why more guilt?”
“Howard Stark? Yeah. He was my dad. You two knew each other. He never shut up about you.” Which really,
Nothing quite feels
Steve finishes his taco.
before disappearing off for his run. Tony wouldn’t be so concerned if not for the fact that Steve has
that he had to fall to rest,
since then.
. Officially formed, backed by SHIELD, and led by… well, him and Steve? Or just Steve. It’s not often
Whenever one of them pushes, the other one pulls.
to save, and Tony would grovel at the feet of those ghouls and beg for forgiveness.
the tacos (though he wants to blame it), and he feels like he’s stepping over boundaries. They’re...teammates. Friends, maybe. Tony doesn’t know. He’s got a skewed perspective when it comes to relationships of any kind. “If that’s worth anything,” he adds on quietly at the end, wondering if he just sounds like a complete idiot.
be dead.)
, it's definitely something more) on Steve Rogers—picks at his mind. It's easier to ask this than it is to ask
at the end of the day,
you love him, and you’ll never have
“Not that bad, I hope?” Steve chimes in, hopeful and sheepish, but clearly sounding
He sighs and wipes his hands with a napkin. What’s that feeling in the pit of his stomach? It churns uncomfortably, it’s definitely
at him as if catching him off guard is a prize of some kind.
“Say that when you’re not the one in the hospital bed.”
He feels the impact of something before he
In love with Steve Rogers. They’ve known each other for just a few months, and
on the Chimera, the old-age catching up to her after being decommissioned, there are things that haven't changed much. The second he steps into his room, all dust-covered and a mess—
because Tony,
you do not know who you are
where he's going with this. Is this the reemergence of the Avengers officially? Is this a one-time thing? Tony doesn't know, and he's almost
"Guess not."
accidents, to be fair—begin to trace over the dark and dated leather jacket that's been collecting dust.
Steve sighs, scratches at the nape of his neck. Visibly, his shoulders drop. “I’m just saying. You’re part of that home. I’ve lost a lot already and I’m not sure I could lose you, too.”
He doesn't, by some miracle. Instead, he just… nearly suffocates, first. The satellite has clearly been collecting dust itself. Barely any foot-traffic or, well,
It's impossible to tell if it's the devil or the saint on his shoulder telling him that he needs to look at this so-called recovered security footage. When he
— seriously?
the war, the war can wait.
“Hard, yeah, but also…” The lines deepen between Steve’s brows, and Tony watches as the way sunlight casts shadows and highlights over each dip and line of Steve’s
and you do not know
“Not sure the ceiling's all that interesting to look at when
) She calls him, and he picks up, and they talk, albeit briefly, and then the conversation is over. It feels like only a second between them before the call drops, something about having to deal with PR. He takes notes of the way her voice shakes, imagines the redness of her eyes and panic that had probably seized her chest before everything turned to absolute fucking shit.
the breath leaving Steve’s body, as if he’s bracing for impact.
"I was going to ask you that, actually."
“I know I hurt you, Tony. I hurt us both, and I’m sorry for that. But I’ve missed you, I won’t lie. Being on the run is tiring, even for a supersoldier, and no matter how far I ran, it always came back to you somehow. And I’m not saying that we should get together again, be what we once were, because we aren’t quite those people anymore, but I’m hoping that we can still work together. Defeat Thanos and … then— then we can figure it out from there. Do that together, too.”
Tony is uncertain of the path he's walking down. He's usually always chosen to do things intentionally—or not, really, he's been reckless and impulsive way too many times to count—or for particular reasons in mind, but this time? He doesn't know exactly what he's doing. All he knows is that AIM isn't what it presents itself to be, and if there's any inkling of the desire to serve justice, it's the time to do it now.
There's a window nearby, and it seems to only be sunset… or is it sunrise? Either way, faint light is filtering in and Steve starts to walk over, as if he'd never been frozen for seventy years to begin with.
“Thank you for that Mr Stark but I better be going. I promised Steve I’d meet up with him for lunch so he could check in with me again. Plus I’m meant to be going to Josie’s with everyone tonight and I was hoping Steve would be able to give me some directions” Peter says
“I have management starting up an investigation on me, somehow started world war three between my two mentors and not only not managed to make any headway with the one task I’ve been working on all week but thoroughly embarrassed myself trying in the process. So yeah, just your average Tuesday.”
“Rhodeybear this is the most important decision I’ve ever made. I want this ring to show… everything.” Tony says, stress layering his voice. “Now silver or rose gold? Do you think the inscription is too sappy? What if it isn’t the right size?”
Peter was hoping to talk Steve into taking Pepper out to lunch if they had more work to do today but stops as he watches the blonde’s body immediately go as stiff as a pole.
“That was mine” Mr Stark says cooly.
“Peter, you don’t know what you're talking about,” Steve says sternly.
“Now you’re just being an ass on purpose.” Luke exclaims.
“Is that why you’ve been passed over so many promotions?” Peter presses. His foot in mouth syndrome really was in full swing today.
“Where are you going with this short fry?” Sam asks wearily.
Luke scoffs “Sure Jan”
Peter nodded. Happy hadn’t been at Marvels for a couple of years but he was still always floating around and eager to help out if asked. Pepper seems to convince him do all kinds of tasks for her. It was a good sign to see Pepper getting Steve to help her out with Mr Stark. That's got to mean she at least trusts him, Peter thinks to himself in relief.
And it doesn’t get any better as the week goes on.
“I think you’ll find it’s windswept!” Tony growls a little but there is a pleasant smile on his face.
Bucky calls Peter’s bluff “A plan? And pigs fly. You really are a handful”
“No need to despair everyone. The party has finally arrived” Mr Stark calls, making his presence known to the rest of the group.
“Ha ha. I guess now that we no longer are disagreeing on how to handle Fisk, things have calmed down between the two of us.”
Steve narrows his eyes at his friend.
“But since I’m such a nice friend, just a raise and about a 12 percent stake will do. I’ll let you stay the major shareholder.” Rhodey continues.
Just before he exits out the door he manages to catch Logan saying with amusement “I enjoyed that. Good meeting.”
“Low blow, Parker” Jones retort as she pulls out her wallet.
Peter paces impatiently until help arrives at the building and Tony pulls Steve up around his shoulders to help the man into the vehicle.
Steve looks at everyone, a stunned expression on his face. He eventually is jerked out of his daze when Tony runs his fingers through Steve’s hair softly while indicating how the table is expecting an answer.
There, Peter thinks to himself, that came across as modest, grateful and was also very much the truth. He could do this whole corporate world charade.
Jones looks delighted by Peter’s tipsy state, clearly committing it to memory to use it against him in their war. “How has Peter come to that conclusion?”
“Hey! I liked this painting.” Tony scolds “If you knew how much this painting cost you might actually cry.”
After about 20 minutes, as Peter is examining his cameras, he realises that the one he set up by Steve’s desk at the end of last week is still there, having been forgotten because of the week’s shenanigans. Sighing, he heads over to collect it but stops around the corner when he hears more yelling.
Peter refuses to take bullshit from a man that nobody in the office has any respect for when Peter really hasn’t done anything wrong.
“Man, it must suck to be so terrible at the one thing that keeps you living” Clint says and gives Luke a high-five while Peter splutters in reply.
Good save Rhodes. Peter relaxes internally and sips some of his drink, once again reminding himself to pace tonight. He doesn’t want another repeat of his behaviour at the bar a fortnight ago.
“Why isn’t Jess here with us tonight?” Peter muses.
As the squabbling pair focus back to Pepper, Peter watches a couple of people let go of their breath, something they often do when Mr Stark and Steve look close to a confrontation.
Peter whines a little. It’s a good thing MJ is overseas at the moment because there would be no way she’d be letting him come home with this much whisky in his system. He looks over at Mr Stark to see him still arguing with Steve before leaning in closer to Jess.
“Nooo really! Today I was up on Mr Stark and Pepper’s floor because I was meeting the boss of Panther Corp, T’challa an-”
“It’s a bit much, isn’t it?” Steve says sheepishly to the three.
“You’re just jealous that I’m the new golden boy”
“He’s my boss” Steve puts simply.
Oh! If Jones is serious about this war then so be it, let the games begin!
“No, really Sam. That punk is a slippery sucker.” Bucky mocks. “
Peter stands by the fact it wasn’t his fault though. The man had taken an instant disliking to Peter and didn’t make any pretence of it, always making snide comments at the pictures Peter brings in for submission and talking badly about Peter behind his back. For the past month the man has done his best to subtlety dismiss the work Peter puts into the tasks assigned to him and generally looks at Peter like he is the dirt beneath his shoe.
“My feelings? You think this is about my feelings? Don’t try and deflect away from the fact that you haven’t been taking this seriously enough and now don’t want to admit you were wrong.”
“I.. Huh?” Steve drags himself way from the screen and his eyes go a little wide, clearly replaying the conversation they just had in his head. “Umm..was dropping some ...files? Yeah, some IMPORTANT files off to Mr Stark. Pepper needed me in early so sent Happy to come get me.”
Tony goes to repeat himself but Rhodey covers the brunette’s mouth with his hands. Steve gives the pair a suspicious look before turning away.
“Um... Why did you guys keep it a secret?” Peter injects quietly.
Everyone seems to get a little twitchy as a level of awkwardness fills the room. Steve is holding his eyes steadily on Mr Stark, refusing to back down much to Peter’s disbelief. So much for trying to help the stubborn blonde out. Peter can practically hear the tension vibrating between the two men in front of him.
“Mmmm, it is my highest bid so far.” Mr Stark says with amusement “But do you even have a dollar on you?”
Peter smiles. The pair seem to have decided to bury the hatchet and though they have still bickered tonight, it’s much more light hearted and almost fond in comparison to the heated fights that they had previously been having.
Peter really has a bit of a reputation for being a terrible gift-giver. If you asked him it really wasn’t his fault. How was he meant to know that Aunt May had decided to go vegan that Christmas? Or that MJ’s mum had a hamster phobia? Yes, it is a real thing.
“You people only want me around so you can mooch off me.” Mr Stark grumbles.
“Oh please, Steve.” Sam grumbles. Silently, Peter agrees with the other picture editor. Steve was a man who sometimes was far too considerate for his own good.
Peter knows he should just turn around and leave to prevent himself from making anything worse for himself but a part of being Peter Parker is throwing out witty zingers.
“Shit. Well I better be off to go grab a coffee before we star-“
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Could this day have gotten any crazier?
Pepper! Of course!
“Tony calm down! It’s okay. I’m here and I love you.”
Steve and Mr Stark both startle a little. Really? It’s as if they’d forgotten Peter was even sitting there. He’d be offended if he wasn’t currently in hysterics. The two look at each other and fidget on the spot, seeing how silly their argument is coming across. Steve looks very sheepish and Mr Stark looks weirdly pleased as Peter pulls himself back together.
“Take my advice and bow out now Pete” Luke warns.
“I’ll think about” Steve replies, still smiling warmly at the brunette draped around him.
“I am able to go to his office most days without being kicked out so I’m a giant step ahead from when I first started working at Marvels.”
Peter tries to flip him the bird. He’s pretty sure it ends up looking like a Star Trek’s Peace and Prosper hand gesture instead but it’s the intention that counts. Screw Logan.
“I should have checked what was in the muffin before taking one from you. It’s not your fault, it could have happened to anyone.”
“Really? How terrible.” Steve replies, his voice as dry as dust, making it clear he’s not taking anything his friend’s say seriously.
“Tony, you have to say Pepper is your favourite. No offence, but without Pepper, your company would no longer be standing.” Jess counters.
“Ummm ....What?” Steve interrupts, eyes blown up to the size of ping pong balls and looking at Peter as if the intern just grew a second head.
Mr Stark’s leg starts to bounce at the mention of Steve - which is disconcerting.
“Come in Peter,” Tony calls from the office.
Fuck, Peter realises, he forgot to ask Steve for directions to Josie’s earlier.
Fisk is now steaming from the ears. “Pack your stuff, Parker. There’s no chance we will be seeing you back here on Monday.” The large man charges back into his office and slams the door. <\br>
“Oops Tony. Did Clint and I cashew at a bad time” Peter cackles as he joins in on the nut throwing with Clint.
“You are an evil woman, Jones.” crossing his arms to hide the self-consciousness building up.
Peter hesitates “Oh… why?”
It’s a known fact that Mr Stark is charismatic and quite generous when it comes to giving his affection to men or women. The gossip magazines have written numerous articles about the many people that have come and left through Mr Stark’s revolving door. Rag’s words, not Peter’s! But did Rhodey say something about a ring? Is Mr Stark thinking of proposing to someone?
“Peter, how over the last week have you observed Steve’s morning coffee runs, Steve’s sketch book, even crashed one of Steve’s dates and you’ve still not figured it out? I’m starting to think you are being purposely obtuse”
“No, he was talking with Mr Stark when I went up” Peter explains, a little confused by the interruption.
“Yeah” Peter answers, trying to figure out how to lay the seeds of the beginning of his plan. He needed to get Steve away from seeing Pepper as his boss if he was going to succeed in convincing the man to make a move. “But she’s more than just a boss right?”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked. I just let my curiosity get the better of me” Peter backtracks.
Steve doesn’t answer further and rather places his hand on the side of Tony’s face and pecks him on the lips to placate him. Pulling back, Steve gazes at Tony with a dazzling smile on his face and Tony is looking close to falling over from the wake of being caught in it.
Stark just waggles his eyebrows “Karma’s a bitch Doughnut knapper.” and proceeds to take a bite out of the muffin. He stops chewing and sharply turns his head back to the blonde, his face going white as a sheet. Steve huffs and goes for another muffin when Mr Stark slaps it out of the blonde's hand. Peter is gobsmacked, jumping backwards at the violent response.
Back inside, Peter finds that Tony has already begun the speech the company has been anxiously waiting for. With all eyes on the boss, nobody notice’s that two people are coming in from the patio rather than just one.
He’s making himself a distraction, Peter thinks, he’s hoping if he can keep Fisk’s attention on him long enough either Happy of Steve can do something to disarm the man.
“I could have you demoted in a heart beat Sam-I-Am. Don’t try me.” Tony says smugly.
“Stark, you better offer Steve the job again. And Stevie you better goddamn take it this time.” Bucky demands as the rest of the table nods in an agreement.
“Rogers!”
Mr Stark just waves off Steve’s concern “and deprive the group of a night made better by my fun wacky ways and ability to have a good time. Unlike some other sticks in the mud here.”
“Tony?”
“No, not that bad at all.”
As if his thoughts are spoken aloud, Steve shifts, grunts, and then a quiet, yet hoarse voice utters, “Tony?”
A fucking flip phone. He thought he taught Steve
the grief starts like this:
Every time the sun sets, he remembers something else about Steve. Tonight, it's the way he's a natural born leader with charm, even though he has a feeling that Steve never quite
He must’ve said something between that moment and when Steve’s lips make contact with his, but he doesn’t know what he said, must’ve been some muttered
you loved him. you loved him,
And Steve didn’t say anything. Didn’t wake him, or move him. Just… let him sleep?
"Well,
"Fifty bucks—actually, five…
And several other good traits. Determined. Kind. Strong. Plenty of terms to describe the kind of gentleness and resilience he wishes he had. Now, or when he was at her age. God knows he got up to absolute nonsense in his day.
Cap!"
things. Tony is to blame, too, but he's never been good at this, and he's not sure he ever will. If Howard taught him anything—bastard that he was—it was to keep his emotions in check, because
Just because something ends, doesn't mean it can't start again. A rather rousing speech from the kid. Get their spirits in check. Unfortunately—or fortunately— is every time he comes out of his room, he's greeted with the room across from his. Steve's room. He wants to go in—he could—except he feels like it'd be a breach of privacy in some manner. Steve would say he should
When he sees her and Barton stroll in, he’s certain he could personally punch a hole in the wall.
Some part of him is convinced of this, even though the rather incriminating evidence against Tarleton would otherwise point toward his death. He truly is clinging onto whatever's left of Steve's essence in this world. If not for the present company of Kamala and Bruce, he would be lashing out in some way, tears or anger or just silent fuming, but it's enough to reignite the need to delve into this some more.
Put on a fake face, of course. That’s the obvious answer. He should be thankful they’re here to help, and he
No. I just didn't want you to fall."
At this point, he just prefers not to get shocked and to fall to his death, is all.
(He is.
, too tight. As if it’s not already difficult for him to breathe, being around all of them makes him feel like the wind’s been knocked right out of him, or more specifically, he’s forgotten the natural nature of just breathing. People he once considered his friends falling back into his life just as abruptly as an alien spaceship decided to grace their presence in New York isn’t exactly the ideal manner to being thrust into the state of reconciliation. (Was he ever a part of
,” he grumbles, fingers tightening a mite.
, he says— he finds his gaze falling on the dark jacket that hangs on the wall.
for anyone’s benefit at all, other than the momentary pleasurable satisfaction that Tony basked in originally.
anything, but they act as if they’re together, or Nat and Clint say that anyway (JARVIS likes to gossip). Bruce just shrugs with a small smile on his face, and Tony knows, he knows, that something’s up. That everyone somehow
Steve raises an eyebrow “Annoy people to death?”
“You wouldn’t deny a man from having his daily doughnut intake would you, Stark? Not even you are cruel enough a man.” Steve waves it in Mr Stark’s face obnoxiously before taking a huge bite out of it.
“Willing to help me out with Steve now that I’m in a weakened state?”
“… I thought Steve had a thing for Pepper.” Peter cringes, waiting for the fallout.
“WHAT!?” Peter yelps “He’s basically my boss. Come on guys, I don’t want to lose my job because I cross an inappropriate boundary.”
“Well, that was a night of surprises.” Sam states.
Clint replies airily. “I know, this has got to be some of my best work. I even shock myself sometimes.”
“The image of the family all around the table for thanksgiving, laughing. Each one of them telling each other all the obnoxiously good things they had done to help out while Steve craves up the turkey. It's an easy image to see, Luke. Steve would have even taught them all to happily help prep the turkey without complaining! Hell, all the kids probably volunteer to be the one to stick their hands up its bum and we all know that’s the worst part.” Peter rubs his face while he spouts bullshit, his head feeling a little woozy. This drink should probably be his last while he is still on the pleasant side of tipsy.
“I’m sorry again for anything I might have ruined. Coming in between you both was a big mistake.” Peter looks down at his feet, his mind still seeing Steve’s look of shock at the mention of the velvet box. “Even with things like your disagreement about Fisk. If I hadn’t gotten involved maybe you two wouldn’t have fought about it as much.”
“Oh, I guess I’LL pay since you asked so nicely.” the boss says as he hands her his credit card. Jess just accepts the card happily, ignoring him.
“Rude! I’m the man of the hour tonight. The life of the party! Who wouldn’t want to be like me?”
This manages to break Steve away from his conversation to look down at the human clinging to his middle, a slight blush spreading across his cheeks “You know I’m a sure thing right?”
“Oh shit, tough luck getting caught in that” Bucky laughs “Did you show any mercy in front of the newbie Stevie? Or have the boss and your jerk antics managed to scare him off.”
Peter knows he needs to stop the argument from going any further, so he slips into the office, coughing so the pair’s shouting falters.
Pepper pulls out the folded drawing and Peter holds his breath. If they were going to be caught out, now was the moment it was going to happen. He crosses all his fingers and toes.
Then the brunette slowly leans down and presses a soft kiss onto the middle of Steve’s forehead.
Mr Stark raises an eyebrow. “I had no idea you had such a thing for interior design Luke?”
Peter sighs, he's embarrassed but is internally grateful that Steve had gotten him home when he did. The night was pretty blurry from when Luke had started going on about mansions but he knows Steve had helped him home because the godsend had left a note telling him to drink the water and take the Advil he had left on Peter’s nightstand.
What’s worse is Steve’s black mood has grown blacker as the hours pass. Mr Stark’s reprimand has caused Steve to become so insufferable that Peter really hasn’t had any kind of opening to implement a plan even if he wanted to.
When Sam and Bucky said this was going to be a challenge they weren’t lying. Peter hadn’t noticed Steve check out anyone in the cafe.
“That pile of paperwork could get mysteriously larger, Arachnid. Don’t think it couldn’t.”
Sam turns with a deadpan look on his face “I mostly borrow Bucky's.”
Steve chucks Logan a wounded glare. Peter guesses he had been hoping the conversation had moved on.
Once safely outside Peter frantically pulls out his phone from his pocket and dials.
Once both Peter and Stark have calmed down, the boss offers to take the muffins up to Pepper himself while Steve stays and consoles Peter, assuring him that mistakes like this happen.
Steve smiles a private smile as he looks back over at Tony “God no. We were like oil taking to water when we first started working together. Always wanting to yip when the other yapped. Desperately wanting to dislike each other but being unable to keep ourselves away from the other, always being drawn back in.”
Now Peter has been known to be an idiot from time to time. But he is also a smart man and he knows a losing battle when he sees one. “You’re on your own lover boy”
“Noooooo. You need to help me. It’s your job as my superiorrrr.” Peter babbles on, not sure what he’s saying but hoping that it’s working. He can see Luke laughing behind his hand so Peter sends him a betrayed scowl.
“No way man! I’ve got a cunning plan” Peter insists.
Not because Mr Stark doesn’t care, he’s shown the contrary. But Peter can see Pepper has several thousand other things for the boss to do and Mr Stark must trust the other man in his office to do a better job than he would himself.
“Peter?” Luke demands lowly, tone implying that it was time for the intern to explain himself.
Peter is infuriated and grumps a little bit as he sips at his coffee. How is he meant to make headway in finding someone for Steve if the man holds his cards so close to his chest? Peter’s going to need to find someone that wouldn’t let Steve keep them at a distance. Someone that would pretty much demand Steve to open up because the man seems to be pretty terrible at doing that himself.
Of course, this may be because of the rumoured rivalry that Steve and Mr Stark apparently have had going for years now, Peter muses to himself, looking round the room to see if anyone else finds the dynamic in front of them rather odd as well.
Steve grunts as a response, his back remaining rigid and closed off.
“Peter, you traitor. Oh god please stop. STEEEEEVE help me! Clint is bullying me!”
“Horribly. Steve is so wrapped up in this Fisk/Stark situation that he’s barely thinking about finding the love of his life.” Peter sulks, feeling more despaired about the whole plan now that he wasn’t boosted by the misguided liquid courage he had last night.
“Where are you off to bubs?” Logan nods, finishing off the rest of his beer.
“What!?”
“I’m not the only thing at the party making *things* hard.” The boss says under his breathe, eyes bright while sipping at his soda.
“HOLY SHIT! STEVE!”
Ignoring his antics, Sam and Bucky put their heads together and start whispering loudly. Peter feels uneasy as he catches Sam’s eyes grow wide before morphing into a hint mischievous.
Pepper squeezes Steve’s arm excitedly “Making a calendar was such a good idea, Steve. T’challa’s present is going to be better than mine!”
Peter wants to disagree with Clint but the intern has only been here a couple of weeks and already seen how fast the rumour mill works in this company. Roger and Stark rivalry/“cold war” point and case.
“Just my pride” Peter whines, wishing the floor would swallow him whole.
“WHAT?!” Peter can’t believe what he is seeing.
Luke chokes on his drink looking delighted by the reminder, while his girlfriend tries to school her face next to him.
He is holding high hopes for this plan but as Peter is trying to deliver it to Pepper secretly, things go very wrong.
Fisk’s face is now as red as a firetruck. Being ganged up on may have been one step too many for the gun holder because something in his beady little eyes snaps. Pushing Peter out of the way the man grins an awful menacing smile and fires directly at Tony Stark’s chest.
“The office apparently thought I was lonely, Hon.” Steve informs “They didn’t like thinking about how they all have somebody to go home to and I didn’t. It’s actually kind of sweet when you think about it.”
“You never let anyone else get a rise out of you though? So what is it about Steve that rubs you the wrong way?” Peter presses even when he knows he shouldn’t.
“Steve, don’t you think it’s a good idea to help her out too?” Peter suggests sweetly.
Steve retaliates immediately and somehow the pair argue through a bunch of topics too quickly for Peter to keep up with until landing on the latest episodes of CSI and Grey’s Anatomy and which was better. It’s an argument they have quite a lot so Peter zones them out to talk to Jess.
It sounds as if he’s going to leave but he stops just at the door and looks back at Tony. “I know you said you have it covered Tones bu-.”
“HOW DID YOU DO THAT?”
“What could stop you from wearing underwear on occasion?” Jess inquires flatly.
Peter shakes his head in disagreement “I’ve fucked up. Royally fucked up. I’ve made all the mistakes.”
That throws Peter off guard "Oh? and who IS your favourite coworker here?"
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Peter prepares himself for a Steve-is-concerned-about-you talk but Steve is stuck to his phone on the way down to the ground floor and doesn’t seem to have heard Peter and Fisk’s “disagreement”. Peter smiles to himself, glad to know his hunch might pay off. The blonde must have it bad if he feels the need to message Pepper when he only saw her 2 minutes ago.
“Journalism has taught me lots of useful skills” Jess says with a shrug. “Plus he always has such pretty colours.”
Tony shakes his head in denial while pointing frantically at Peter. “It wasn’t me. It wasn’t me. It was minion.”
Peter cocks his head at the turn of conversation. What in earth would motivate Mr Stark to move there? Peter thought the man actively despised the place.
“Hammer industries!” Jess smiles triumphantly. “Peter, you wizard! Tony and I have been trying to find evidence that Wilson has been selling stories to Hammer’s Magazine for months and here it is. This changes everything! We need to get this to legal right now.”
“Cool! Sam and I are going to get him tickets to the comic convention he goes on about all the time.” Bucky then looks at Peter “What about you newbie?”
He racks his brain as the door of the elevator finally pings to indicate the arrival to Mr Stark’s level. Still deep in his thoughts as he walks down the hall, he almost barges straight into the boss’s office without knocking. Pulling up short though, he notices that the door is slightly ajar and that Mr Stark is in the middle of a discussion that sounds important.
Peter reluctantly takes the drinks and swigs it back. He coughs as he feels his throat light on fire. He is pretty sure that was some kind of whisky and is already feeling all of the regret. Peter is known for not being able to handle his whisky. MJ made him swear to never drink it around her again.
“You have been looking for the “perfect ring” for over a ridiculous amount of weeks now. You are overthinking this. Whatever you choose is going to be perfect. If someone can stick around this long then they are going to adore you regardless of what ring you choose. Stop feeling like you have to prove something.”
“Hmm, maybe tomorrow. Today’s booked out by more important things unfortunately.” Steve jests, looking quite pleased with himself.
While Pepper isn’t the first person Peter would have had in mind for Steve, she is a good fit. Peter is pretty in awe of her brilliance and how efficient she is as a person. He can see how someone like Steve could fall for Pepper easily.
“Oh please, Parker” Jones says sceptically.
“Oh hush Whizkid, I’m about to buy you your first round” Clint says, waving Peter off.
Peter cringes when the list is mentioned. Surely none of those ideas are going to work any better than the crazy drawing scheme he had just tried to pull off.
Peter feels a smile crawl on his face and looks over at Luke "Sure."
“Hey, I thought I’d come to check on you.” Peter turns to see Jess hanging behind him. “How are you doing?”
“Peter! I’m losing my patience with you”
“Of course, anything you need” Steve’s jaw tightens “Has the centre spread been double-checked yet? Tony needed it done yesterday?”
"Bring it!" Jones's eyes crinkle as she teases. A triumphant smile on her face, suggesting she thought she’d already won.
Steve pauses, his lips becoming a thin line.
“Blackmail” Clint wonders off to the bar smugly, not looking in the least sorry, all while humming Wrecking Ball to himself.
“The bullet went clean through his shoulder. However, it looks like he’s going into shock. T’challa. We need the ambulance now!” Happy directs to the man that is already on the phone giving directions and a rundown of the craziness that has just occurred.
“Well, we better get him another one then. Can’t have Clint chucking one of his famous tantrums in the middle of the office can we?”
“I think you mean something along the lines of you are the biggest mess of existence bordering the line of trash” Rhodey retorts.
He knows he doesn’t have to take the task seriously. Sam and Bucky won’t do much more than hang some shit on him. Something they already do anyway.
“Ughh I changed my mind. Let’s go back to the secret thing” Clint’s nose crinkles as he looks at the pair with pretend disdain. “I’m not going to handle this sicken behaviour on top of my normal workload.”
Peter throws a crumpled napkin this time and, unbelievably, it hits the side of Clint’s head.
“HOW DID YOU CATCH THAT?” Peter narrows his eyes, trying to calculate whether the physics even allowed for such a feat.
“Dude, you are screwed.”
“Forget that right now. I need backup. All of you now need to join the cause.” Peter demands the little group, breaking the gossip session apart “We can’t do this by ourselves.”
“Sooo…. What happened in the laundry mats?”Mr Stark says glee entering his voice.
“Are you insane? You would have to be crazy to turn down Tony Stark.” Jones argues “That man knows things! Everyone has seen those videos of his on YouTube. You’re telling me you wouldn’t want to at least give it a try with a handsome man like that?”
“I’ll believe that when I see it” Steve quips, a slight laughter in his voice.
“Really? Having Pepper there helps that much?” Peter’s inquires with fake innocence.
It’s been weeks since the Fisk incident occurred and Marvels has settled back into a routine. The group, especially Bucky, Sam, Clint and Pepper had all scolded Steve and Tony for lying to them for months and then had immediately moved on to teasing and congratulating the couple on how adorable they were together. Once Steve finally revealed the ring, the group insisted they have to have a night at Josie’s to celebrate.
Peter looks around the room and spots Mr Stark again. He’s bought another doughnut and is now sitting in a booth and having an intense discussion with Jessica Drew. Peter hadn’t seen her come in but they seemed at ease in the middle of their coffee meeting together.
“I’ve been trying to get her to lose her cool for weeks thanks to Logan’s stupid bet.” Clint whispers loudly “76th thing to learn about working at this place Petey-boy. Never turn down a challenge. This place will know because word spreads like wildfire here! YoU’Ve BeEn WaRNed”
“You miss me that much webhead?”
Sam jumps to agree. “He is your responsibility after all. His bad choices are your bad choices.” slinging his arm over Steve’s shoulder to tease him.
Peter pauses for a second trying to catch up with Clint in his tipsy state. They were talking about how he met T’challa and then how the company was changing and then Pepper’s job….... Oh yes Pepper! Clint agreed with Peter’s match for Steve.
Peter shakes his head. He knows everyone is having troubles with Fisk at the moment but nobody more than Steve. It was common knowledge around the office that most people would prefer Steve in Fisk’s position which makes conversations between the two rather icy even on the best of days. Peter didn’t want to make matters worse because the asshole has thrown some petty insults the intern’s way. Peter’s certainly heard worse.
Luke nudges Peter in front of him. “Go on now, while the coast is clear. Get it done before Jess and Tony finish up sucking each others faces off.”
Steve doesn’t answer. If anything Peter notices the blonde has gone an unflattering shade of green.
Peter has been having a great time so far chatting with his coworkers, thankful to being able to enjoy the evening with everyone. Over the course of the last couple hours people have been coming up to him with a compliment for helping out with the situation with Fisk which is a little staggering. It’s been a good night overall even if every now and then Peter has silently mourned the fact that he didn’t manage to get Steve a date for the party.
“Look, I know you think it’s too soon but Tony has worked so hard the last couple weeks Steve.” Peter babbles as encouragingly as he can. “Don’t you think that if someone makes him happy that he should be able to have them there by his side.”
Peter nods. “I know and working here is a dream. It would be SO like me to have everything going well and then screwing it up because of the hideous choice of gift I pick for my boss.”
The pair were hopeless, pretty much ignorant to the rest of the world outside their own as they continue to squabble. But they were a good kind of hopeless. The kind of hopeless Peter knows he and MJ are when they are together. The kind that clearly care about one another deeply and only want to make the other happy.
“Oh no! What is this?” Steve starts shaking his empty wallet over the table “I spent the last of my cash on Peter and I’s lunch. Golly. However will we fix this now?” he sends Mr Stark a look that comes across a lot like a provoke.
He doesn’t have to magic up some miracle partner for Steve because Steve already has the perfect girl in front of him......And it kinda looks as if Steve might have a bit of a crush on her already, if his body language is anything to go by.
“Mmm I think you owe us a bit of boot-licking young man” Bucky says a little more lightly “We are older and wiser than you after all.”
“Hey Spiderboy, hows your head?” Jess teases,a smile threatening to split across her face. Peter feels a little dread when he catches the nickname.
On Monday, Clint takes the reins by demanding Steve model an outfit so Clint can adjust the styling. Steve looks ready to complain but Clint can be pushy when he puts his mind to it and is hustling Steve to the bathroom with the clothes before the blonde can properly object.
“When are you gonna admit that I play this game better than you, Apple Pie?” Mr Stark says haughtily.
“That is the current best friend discount. Sorry, still have Hammer Inc. sniffing at my heels, can’t be frivolous with money at the moment.”
A small satisfied smile forms on Peter’s face. That would be nice. With Stark’s father having recently passed away and now being the owner of Stark Industries along with all the responsibilities of Marvels means the man’s plate is very full. Mr Stark could use someone else being there to share the mental load he is currently dealing with. It’s well known Mr Stark is always taking on more than he should be and though Pepper tries to share the workload around, knowing his boss will have another person there to look out for him helps rest some of Peter's (and honestly most of the rest of the company’s) previous worries.
And then, out of nowhere, a flash of blonde passes in front of Tony’s horrified face, and a pained grunt follows the blonde blur. Time returns to normal and Tony is still standing there, completely unharmed.
“You’re doing it wrong, punk.” Bucky reprimands “Let your rich fiance pamper you”
“Fuck, she’s right! I am a lost cause.” Peter repeats to himself downheartedly.
Peter ducks his head shyly, feeling heat rise up his neck in embarrassment.“No it’s just- You see I – Well I know it’s not my business but -” he flails about.
Steve however just shrugs “No harm in teaching Stark a few manners. Sharing is caring.”
Peter wants to bury his head in the sand now that he can see how it is actually a form of foreplay.
“I hear you spent today being shown off to some colleagues by Stark.” Fisk’s eyes run over Peter, accessing him. “Don’t let it go to your head. I plan to watch you more closely from now on. You won’t be able to even whisper and not have me knowing about it.”
“You’re not that hard to read Parker”
Like, the man that had hired him was about to sit and chat like he was a regular co-worker. Well, to be honest Pepper had probably been the one to hire him but officially on his contract it said it was Mr Stark.
“Pathetic? Congratulations Willie. You have reached a new record. You’ve officially underestimated me 100 percent of the time. That’s how we ended up here, remember?”
“Thanks but there’s no need to go easy on me. This is the fourth or fifth time this week I’ve managed to hurt someone unintentionally.”
Tony squirms and throws his hands up to protect himself, unable to run away thanks to the arm belonging to Steve Rogers wrapped tightly around the brunette’s waist.
Tony’s face whitens “Pep no! Please be kind.”
Even though it’s happening at this very moment, it is still hard for Peter to believe he is here, watching an actual pitch meeting for the next issue of Marvels: A Magazine of Adventures.
“It’s technically still his fault….”
“Hey! Nobody gets to talk about my crazy talented newly stated Editor-in-Chief that way” Tony states while batting at her arm a little. “You’ve had a ton on your plate over the last year or so Pep. That’s why we had T’challa around remember! So you didn’t have to handle this promotion transition by yourself and I was still able to put all my focus on the problem called Wilson Fisk. Definitely no time to unravel any of my love life along with all that.”
“Oh just like you don’t snore huh?”
“I’ve had better days” Stark comments, seeing right through Peter’s front. “HR won’t pursue Fisk’s report. I wasn’t inclined to believe a lot of the insinuations the forms had made anyway but now anything he’s reported on is being reviewed as corporate espionage anyway so your internship isn’t going anywhere.”
“Well duh!” Bucky states
“I saw a bird this morning that reminded me of you by the way?” Mr Stark begins innocently.
“Wait! Wait, the final touch.” And then the man is shoving his hands in Steve’s hair and messing it up.
That thought has Peter rather grossed out.
“Okay, slow down. What’s going on?” Luke raising both his hands in the air as he spins around to give Peter his full attention.
“You don’t know what you are talking bout people.” Rhodey says as he pops open another pistachio. “Not knowing would have been a blessing. Some of the things I've seen I will never unsee”
“So Padawan, let me wisdom you up in the ways of Steve.” Clint sits on the side of the pool table, patting at the spot next to him to indicate for Peter to join.
“MJ, I’ve truly done it this time. I’m pretty sure nobody could manage to screw up as much as I just did.” Peter’s chest is extremely tight and his breath is coming out in short pants.
“Is that….?”
Steve’s frown deepens unhappily “That’s it, I’m getting Pepper to cut you off.”
“So are you in?”
“I was trying to catch Jones stealing Steve’s pens so I could gain a point in our war.” Peter admits softly, cringing a little.
“Okie dokie. Just don’t come crying to me when I’ve already told you so.”
“Aww shucks. All in a days work.” Rhodey snorts “Next time I’m keeping it. It’s definitely Carol’s taste.”
Jones shrugs “Maybe. More likely he’s just worried that if the relationship doesn’t work out it could damage the working environment within the company. Steve is always thinking about Marvels and putting it's priorities first.”
“Oops, am I in trouble?” Tony teases.
”Well that would be just awful,” Peter says flatly. He doesn’t really care about baseball but he knows that Steve does. Steve only throws him an amused look though before indicating for Peter to follow him to the elevator.
“Well, if only I had a friend who could name drop at some of the top places and events in the city to get me a reservation once and a while?”
The boss then looks back at Peter and tilts his head, indicating that it was time for the intern to go. Peter says his goodbyes, receiving friendly waves from the pair as he leaves the room.
Peter spends the day flicking through his emails while trying to come up with one feasible idea on how to set Steve and Pepper up. It’s almost lunch, he’s at his wit's end and is idea-less still.
“So T’challa is here again. I know we are basing next months issue on his company but I don’t remember him being around this much last time we wrote an expose on him.” Clint speculates.
Pieces of a jigsaw puzzle Peter didn’t even realise he’d been trying to solve start flying together at a rapid pace. Almost faster than his brain can keep up with.
“ENOUGH GAMES, STARK.”
“Play that bit again!”
If Steve didn’t have a crush on Pepper and one takes her out of the equation that leaves us with…. Oh shit!
Not wanting to watch anymore, Peter pulls Luke over to the other desks where the group of Sam, Jones, Clint, Jess and Logan are hanging out.
“Ow, low blow. The man had it out for me for no reason. Can you blame me for not taking him seriously?”
“What a stroke of luck that I would run into your pathetic ass out here. Couldn’t have planned it out better if I tried.” Fisk says with a seedy smile
Wilson contemplates for a second. “It is the kind of insignificant job that would be more suited to your ... level of skill.” He snides. “I'll send them to you tonight. Go along Rogers. I’d just like a word with our young man here.”
“Oh well, I bet being mother henned by that living golden retriever is going to be wayyyyy more fun than any more time spent here with me, who is just plain awesome in comparison to Rogers.” Tony says in a sing-song voice, motioning as Peter left.
Looking up and seeing now Pepper and Rhodey sharing a look now, Peter wishes he had been working here longer like everyone else in the room.
Peter had to keep down a chuckle at the one nearest to the chair he sat down in.
“How does he manage that?” Luke muses “The guy is as subtle as a brick”
“Fisk is being more of a dick than usual this week. He’s graduated to rank absolute piece of shit.” Clint fills in, obviously sensing Peter’s struggle to keep up with the current conversation.
“Of course! It’s where I get to do what I do best!”
The whole office come over to compliment Steve and Clint, the latter who laps up the attention.
Steve rubs the back of his neck at the praise he seems to find in the mountain of words Mr Stark just threw at him.
It seemed like a great idea until Happy ends up slipping in with them at the last minute and has a full-blown panic attack because he’s claustrophobic. Not to mention how the whole company goes on alert, panicking over the fact that three of their colleges are trapped with no way out.
not after him— not after his brutal words
(Plus, Tony admits that it’s his fault, too. Overreacted a
relinquishes control or power and bows down to anyone else because he prefers to be the kind of guy in control, but the thing is, even if Steve doesn’t want to be a leader, he’s still built like one. Everyone follows his orders without a second thought, and Steve’s even able to throw himself right into action as if he hadn’t just woken up from the ‘40s, and Tony’s honestly
Tony blinks as he sits up. Oh.
that trouble, it still doesn't get to pay off. "Damn it..." He's occasionally glancing toward Steve, whose gaze is directed forward out the glass. "So close." He's whispering to himself for the most part, though he knows Steve can hear him with that super-soldier hearing all the same. Besides, being in the middle of space? Silence. Dead silence. Everything else is loud in comparison.
going sober, didn’t take.
not one bad memory outweighed all the good; you knew he always looked to the future no matter how sickly he was or how poorly the situation turned to be; you knew you could only carry his legacy on and remember him; he was always too big and too good for this world, this universe;
And it’s weird, because Steve still has this beard and longer hair, and it seems like time has
— sends him an old-fashioned apology through the mail with a
we crawl our way out of caves grasping for our old lives,
Steve turns, and there's a hint of a half-smile brewing there, barely lit enough to notice, but Tony notices. "Your jokes, I just don't get 'em."
reek of alcohol and cigarette smoke;
, but when Tony takes a plunge into the ocean, he can already feel the cold water seep into his skin and bones through both the hole and the slashes to his armour that leave him and all systems exposed. Funny. It soothes over the burn at his side, though he has a feeling it’s not doing him any favours in reality. Tony can’t swim deftly in the suit, so he has to get out at some point, but he’s roughly fighting Red Skull in the water. Gravity and water and a heavy metal suit don’t exactly cooperate, but when he manages to finally get one fluid punch against Red Skull’s face with his gauntlet, it knocks him out.
“I like the new look, Steven.” T’challa wonders over warmly. He puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder in a reassuring manner “You seem very tense though. Your friends shouldn’t coarse you into tasks that make you so uncomfortable.” Steve sends the man a grateful smile.
“… Okay. Pepper is a fantastic woman so I get your admiration but be careful how you phrase things. Wouldn’t want Happy getting the wrong idea.”
Peter tries to hide his grin. Steve really did look like a different person all styled up by Clint like this. Steve’s face goes bright red when he spots the three newcomers and his eyes dart about, carefully trying to avoid direct eye contact.
“It’s been a big day but it worked out in the end. Of course, you now have to admit that I was right.” The boss now smiling widely. “Don’t pull that you weren’t actually worried shtick? Why else would you be so exhausted then?…….. I’m sorry did you seriously say BECAUSE OF THE MAN THAT KEPT YOU UP LAST NIGHT? Oh, I sure didn’t hear you complaining when we wer-“
There’s a slight pause.
The statement niggles something in the back of Peter’s brain for some bizarre reason. He’s not sure why he should be making some sort of connection so he shakes it away.
Mr Stark squawks and finally looks up from what Peter decides are definitely doodles. “Only because Hammer had been saddelling Bucky with extra work for a couple of months and had made a second unwanted pass on Jessica. Hammer didn’t even end up doing the deliveries, just stormed out and ran back to his daddy's money.” Tony sends a stern glare at the man sitting next to Peter but T’challa just blinks in agreement.
This gets a laugh out of the group and Clint finally heads to the bar for those drinks as it starts to fades away.
“Not for very much longer! Soon I’ll be slumming it with the rest of you peasants in Brooklyn.” Stark counters.
“Hey! You ate it, you buy it” Mr Stark demands.
He then points it straight back on Peter’s back to keep him moving forward towards the stage, the crowd desperately jumping out the way while making sounds of alarm.
“The FUCK?” Clint growls in response “He’s turning into such a monster with Stark Sr. no longer being around.”
“Oh, that’s a good one. I’d like to see you last one week with Steve without me running interference” Rhodey teases “You owe me the company with how much I’ve helped with the two of you.”
Peter, who’s curiosity piques again, makes a mental note reminding himself to ask Clint what that is all about eventually.
Peter gets closer to see it’s a sketch of him and Jess chatting at the bar last night. The amount of detail in the sketch astonishes Peter. It is impressive.
Steve is sitting on the couch, leaning against an arrangement of propped up pillows. He looks healthy and comfortable in comparison to Tony, whose dishevelled state gives away just how out of his mind with worry he has been over Steve’s injury.
“I’ve been dying to spruce up Steve’s look so I’m happy to help on that front” Clint admits.
Luke sends Clint a glower at his back “He can be such an ass. When he sobers up tomorrow I’m going to tell him he proposed a threesome. That’ll teach him.”
“No!” Fisk screams as Jess makes a grab at Wilson, knocking the gun clean from his hand and one of Pepper’s heels pistol from across the room, knocking the dick clean in the head and causing him to fall to his knees.
“Yes! I have a quota to fill”
“Past your bedtime already old man?”
“They’re idiots! We were the least subtle we’ve ever been the last few weeks. Rhodey has been whining to me that if we didn’t pull it back a little he is going to poke his eyes out.”
Tony gaps at Peter in shock, disbelief in his eyes. Peter goes to brag but notices Clint’s eye become daggers directed at Tony.
“Wow, there we go with that deprecation again. I don’t think my ego is going to survive the end of the week.”
“Tony and Pepper have come to really value T’challa opinions since working with him last time.” Jess explains “With Stark taking roles of editor-in-chief, publisher and owner, he reached out to ask T’challa to be around so that the load is shared around a little more.”
God, what a nightmare. Actually no, Not a nightmare. This is something worse than a nightmare for Peter. He can’t even begin to think about how he’s going to land on his feet from this one.
Finally Friday comes around. Peter wouldn’t think it possible but it ends up being the worst attempt of all.
“I was already in too. I gave you the list remember. Plus, Steve deserves good things and man would this be a good thing for him.” Clint observes.
“What is this?”
“We have a bet on whether Tony and Jessica have started dating. They have been going out for coffee at least three times a week lately, I didn’t think that meant anything originally but…. Well I’ve been more inclined to agree with this smart woman as each week goes by. They are around each other a lot. She's been going by his office every day at the moment.”
Peter mentally kicks himself. Steve and Tony just seemed to be finding some common ground and this could cause them to go right back where they started. Steve must have a big problem with the idea of Jess and Tony together. This might even make a larger rift than before. Peter decides he better try and convince Steve that this will be a good thing for the company.
Peter sweats as he thinks through their proposal. Steve really was a good guy and he didn’t want to do anything to make Steve upset with him. But from what Peter could tell Bucky and Sam were basically Steve’s closest friends and he doubted they would have tasked someone with something they believed would hurt the blonde. Plus Peter doesn’t like to brag but he was a bit of a matchmaker back in the day. His girlfriend might disagree but he liked to think that he was.
… wait? What did Steve mean by others?
Peter hears Clint make a disappointed noise. He isn’t sure why until he looks over at Pepper and sees that she has barely looked up from her phone to check out Steve’s attire. Her face is deep into the files recently sent to her and when her eyes finally flick up, it’s only briefly.
“Peter? Everything okay?”
“Please don’t involve Pepper. I’ll reward you however you like” Tony says changing tactics by making his voice all low and charming.
Peter hangs back out of sight, knowing it will not be received well if he interrupts the two men now.
Tony huffs “We aren’t dumb. Steve was always our first option but he kept turning the job down.” The boss’s voice shifts to something a little more accusatory.
“Isn’t he bli-” Clint starts but is cut off by someone kicking him under the table. From the direction of Clint’s glare Peter assumes it was from Steve. “What was that for, old man?”
Sam and Bucky, well actually most of the company but mainly these two, give Peter a bit of a hard time but he had thought it had all been in fun and games. It would be just like Peter to go too far with a joke and put his foot in his mouth though. He should have known withholding food is where some people drew the line. He needed to make it up to them quickly so he could avoid complaints getting back to Steve.
“It was a really nice thing of Mr Stark to do” Peter says loudly “He doesn’t have to go so out of his way for me. This internship alone is already an experience of a lifetime.”
Peter snorts a little at the idea of Pepper sending Happy to warn off Peter. Happy may have used to work as security but he doubts Pepper wouldn’t want to handle something like that herself. Happy isn’t as intimidating as he thinks he is. Boxing training or not.
“It doesn’t help that you work so much overtime Steve.” Peter continues “And that Fisk is barely ever around. That feeds the rumours more than anything. Everyone likes you and they worry that you are being taken advantage of. We all know you constantly are pulling up Fisk’s slack”
“No! Stop taking on so much and let other people handle their own shit Rogers. You are not helping.”
“What are you both? My mother?”
“Fuck. Who would have thought?” Clint observes, sounding slightly breathless.
“Exactly”
Peter’s cheeks are flaming red as he tries to block out the conversation. The group luckily had decided not to sign anyone’s name at the end of the letter, planning on dropping by Pepper reading it and telling her they’d seen Steve put it there. So at least they were safe on not getting caught out. But it was still an awkward place to be sitting in right now.
Peter opens his messages to Luke.
Peter nods his head furiously and watches with interest as Steve’s face flushes a little and his smile goes all warm.
Peter’s jaw drops. Steve and Tony hadn’t even been trying to keep their relationship a secret and still no one figured it out. The marvel rumour mill is going to flip, Clint might even break something.
Peter couldn’t say how it happened but before he knew what he was doing, he’s tearing the sketch out of the book and running off to look for Luke.
“I’ll walk with you to Josie’s Pete, I’m all finished up here and Sam threatened to make sure they are playing a Yankees game on the TV if I’m late again.” Steve grimaces.
Logan grins evilly “That makes this whole night worth it.”
Fisk straightens out his broad shoulders and comes to lord over the top of Peter. Peter seeing through the tactic, stands his ground and looks Fisk straight in the eye, refusing to be intimidated.
“Don’t be sil-” Jones starts.
Nobody moves. They all just stare at him in horror. It’s about now that Peter needs the ability to turn invisible because he wants to be anywhere but here.
“Hey Steve! What about Danni?” Bucky shouts to the photo editor as he is walking past the doorway.
“Busy being important as always. We’re lucky to get two spare seconds together.”
“You started this war Jones.”
A chorus of yells came from that comment. Clearly they all agreed with Peter in thinking that Steve was a little bit of a lunatic for that move.
Jess just gives Peter a pitying look before sliding into the booth with them.
Fisk bristles immediately, reverting all his hatred back onto the intern in front of him.
Steve and Pepper, waiting on Mr Stark to fiddle with the elevator controls himself to fix the problem, are too busy trying to keep Happy breathing  and answering calls ensuring their friends that they are okay to even engage in anything considered flirting.
Oh no Steve, Peter mentally face palms. Too many quips. Brain overloading. The poor man was screwed. There is no way Tony’s going to let that comment slide. It’s like watching a lamb to the slaughter.
Mr Stark rolls his eyes a little but chucks Peter a small smile so Peter knows not to take offence.
Peter is about to run to the elevator when he rounds the corner and sees Pepper and Steve standing in the corridor looking over some compositions together. They both are entirely engrossed in the designs so Peter hangs back, waiting for them to finish up before he interrupts.
“Tell Clint to suck my dick. I’m busy right now.”
“Parker, you really are a bit of an idiot”
Mr Stark turns his back on Peter to recheck in Steve and make sure he is okay. Steve shakes his head assuringly and keeps saying “It’s okay Tony.” And “He didn’t know”
Luke looks at Clint aghast “You realise when you annoy Fisk the rest of us have to suffer the consequences? Fisk has surely reported you to HR by now. How do you still have your job?”
“I tend to overlook the little details in life. Details like labels.” Peter bluffs. Badly.
Peter sulks. See if he confides in Luke again now that he knows Luke is the worst secret keeper ever!
FUCK!
“You do?” Peter feigns, wide-eyed “Why have I never seen it before?”
“How’s project pull Steve’s head out of his ass going?”
“My hero!” Tony gasps, sounding overly relived.
“Here,” Luke says as he hands him a glass of water. “You’re meant to be a smart man, Peter Parker. Doesn’t take a genius to know that Clint’s actions are never actually what normal people define as help.”
“To be fair, I clearly didn’t take Fisk seriously enough otherwise you wouldn’t have been lying in a hospital bed that night if I had.” Tony admits, guilt clear in his features.
and with that, he walks out the office, leaving Peter to look up at Mr Stark to see whether his face indicated if Peter had made a good impression or not. Mr Stark seems to read Peter's thoughts and gives him a small nod of approval, causing Peter’s feelings to start a little happy dance.
Steve blinks a little at Peter “Yeah, I guess she is. Rhodey is usually the one to step in but l’ll admit, no one can do it quite as efficiently as Pepper. But that’s what makes her such a good boss, hey? We are all incredibly lucky to have her”
Peter grins ear to ear from his work. Step 7 done. If nothing else at least they will be spending more time together in the coming week.
“Perfect! Get Stevie to take a date to Mr Stark’s Birthday celebration he has coming up next week.” Bucky says with a huge smirk on his face.
“No kidding” Logan grunts.
“You two are good for each other.” Peter says against his better judgement, mumbling as tries to explain what he means. “You fit…. You know?”
“I did though. I’m certain that sound was a laugh. Do it again so I can be sure.”
“Oh no. Not Steve.” Luke informs, a much better man than Peter because there isn’t even a hint of a gloat in his tone. “There was a bet on whether you and Drew were dating. Most of the company on the side of affirmative.”
"Ooooooohhhhh," Luke says, clearly taking his girlfriend’s side over Peter’s, which really? How disloyal!
“Secret satanic skills, remember arachnid?” Clint preens. Oh yes, Jones is definitely got some payback heading her way.
“And then Stark is making one of those faces that annoys Steve and saying COMPANY SECRETS and Steve did one of his involuntary jaw grips, you know! But that was it, Buck! You would have been so proud of him, babe. He didn’t ball his fists or stand over the top of Stark or anything. Our baby is growing up! He’s a full adult now.”
“Mayybeeeee” Peter replies a little sheepishly.
"Stark"
“Fisk! It’s hard to miss you if you’ve never actually gone.” He says shortly, raising an eyebrow at the lunatic behind Peter’s back.
Luke snorts, hiding it behind his hand once again as Jones scrunches her nose. “You truly are the worst Parker. You clearly have never been in the kitchen helping during thanksgiving.”
“And yet, you’re smiling.”  Mr Stark replies smugly.
“No, actually I should be apologising to you as well Mr Stark” Peter starts.
Steve just rolls his eyes and purposely starts slurping his tea noisily and somehow in slow motion. He looks back at the boss with a shit-eating grin. Mr Stark sqwaks in response.
running along the inside. It screams Steve Rogers.
“My hair is not tangled!” Tony retorts,
The hair on the back of Peter’s neck stands up. He knows Fisk doesn’t particularly like him but the large man behind him now sounded like someone looking for a fight.
“Remind me next time to avoid help from Clint” Peter coughs out, trying to push the sandy-haired man away.
“You are such an arrogant prick sometimes. Pretending to be this big-shot mentor figure when really all this act is about is making you feel good about yourself and the rest of the company is starting to find it insufferable Rogers.”
“Come on Stark, you should be setting a better example of yourself to the youth present in the room. Wouldn’t want them getting the idea that Pepper is the one that runs the show around here would you?” Steve snarks lightly, looking as if he is enjoying the back and fourth.
“Isn’t that enough now Tony? No need to keep shoving this mystery admirer in my face. No wonder the word insufferable gets thrown around so much when describing you” Steve flick the boss an annoyed glance.
Just as Peter catches up on what Pepper is saying the door slams open.
“Say what you want about the man, his work does more than impress me.” Stark counters, his expression changing into something that would have resembled pride if it had made sense in the context.
Peter gawps at her “….umm how did you-?”
“You loved everything you saw, sourpuss. Don’t lie to us” Tony teases.
“Wait, who is it we are hooking Steve up with?” Logan asks in a steady tone that still somehow is dripping with judgement.
“Pete, you’re being a bit hard on yourself.” Tony stipulates “It’s not like you convinced Fisk to come by with a gun to my birthday celebrations.”
As he waits, Peter observes the pair, noticing how well they compliment each other. Both tall, fit and giving off an aura of confidence, like two Greek gods.  And wait.... there’s that fierce energy that Peter was just thinking about.
Peter, because he is being a mature adult in front of his boss, sticks his tongue out at her.
“Sighhh, Nobody appreciates true art these days.” Clint whines as he hands Steve back his clothes.
“Sure, do that and it’s yours.” Luke jumps up trying to run over to Jones to boast about his purchase but he stumbles slightly. Watching how tipsy Luke is brings Peter to the realisation that the room was spinning a little bit for him as well. It felt nice and he let out a giggle that bubbled up from his stomach.
Luke, one of the journalists who had been listening to Peter and Clint’s whispers, turns and gives Peter a look of sympathy. “Don’t take it to heart. Fisk doesn’t like anyone.” Peter sends the man a grateful look back, knowing he has found an unexpected ally in Luke.
He asks Jess as much. “It looks like he’s trying to accomplish something using Steve’s work account. We can assume it’s something shady because clearly if whatever it is gets picked up he plans for it to be pinned on Steve instead of himself. Peter, can you zoom in so we can see the laptop screen clearly?” Jess asks.
It’s Wilson Fisk. What is Fisk doing alone at Steve’s desk?
“I still don’t understand why you kept this a secret?” Clint grumbles “We all knew you both had hard ons the size of Jupiter for each other”
“Pep, your lack of faith wounds me. I’m a grown up. I’m perfectly capable of doing things without telling you.”
Peter stutters, wildly trying to think of something to save his image “What? Romcoms? Why would I have any idea of what goes on in a rom-com? I'm much too macho for anything that mushy.”
“That’s because I’m Steve’s favourite.” Peter jumps in, hoping to move the conversation back into lighter territory. Peter is not really sure how the two men had gotten here but he definitely wants to avoid having that prick Fisk bringing down everyone’s happy mood. Especially since said prick is not even here with them tonight.
“Nah. From what I understand it’s mostly Peter grilling Steve on his lack of love life” Luke says casually as Peter winces.
“Nah babe” Sam counters “It’s time for his juice box. You know the kid gets cranky without his sugar.”
Steve was always trying to make his way up to Pepper and Tony’s office level. And he was always doing over-time to help with extra tasks that were swamping Pepper and Tony. And he had jumped at the chance to help Pepper organise Tony’s birthday celebrations AND he was constantly shouting his praises at how well Tony and Pepper ran the magazine.
“GAHHH” Mr Stark says while making grabbing motions towards the doughnut with his hand that’s holding his coffee.
“Yeah” Tony says, as he strokes the hair at the nape of Steve’s neck gently “We’d like to think so.”
The dick.
However, as Peter finishes with the focus, he spots that Steve left his sketchbook open on the desk. Peter wouldn’t usually go snooping but he was pretty sure the sketch was of him.
The last thing Peter really remembers from the night is everyone saying their goodbyes as Mr Stark and Steve help Peter into a car. Although he can vaguely hear someone saying something like “Travel safe Beloved.” as Peter tries to make sense of the words they slip away and are lost to the pleasant black that engulfs him.
“Hey, no gossiping without me” Someone yells from behind them.
"Clearly I think Peter needs more help than you do Luke” Steve says as he pops a peanut from the bowel in front of him into his mouth.
“I thought you knew, sweetheart?” Steve shrugs, a sheepish grin growing on his face.
Bucky snorts “Dork”
While Peter is finding it all very fascinating, Clint, the sandy blonde Beauty Editor and Stylist sitting next to him, is clearly getting bored.
“No, I already have a plan! I am a modern-day cupid so I’m pretty sure I’ve figured out who Steve’s soulmate is. Just wanna run them past you.” Peter is sure that whisky has kicked in now because he can feel his babbling state getting worse. It’s quite a pleasant state to be in and he’s forgotten why he thought drinking too much was a bad idea in the first place.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bucky punches Steve in the arm for that comment as Peter silently thanks God that he can see Clint coming back over with his drink. Hopefully, he can use it to bleach his brain of the last of this conversation.
“Gimmeee.” Mr Stark, who appears from thin air, is crying as he barrels Steve over to snatch one of the cups.
“Oh, I’ve done something worse than that. I’ve beaten you, Fisk. Where can you even go from here? You’ve been disgraced. No one is going to want to work with you after they hear about what has gone down at Marvels.”
That causes Peter to snort “That’s more than I deserve coming from you, Steve. I should be apologising for how much of a mess I made of everything the other night.”
“Oh” Steve says once he and T’challa have looked over it “This must have fallen out of my book and I guess someone found it and thought it was yours. That’s okay I’ve been meaning to give it to you all week, I just kept forgetting. Is it better than the others?”
Feeling humiliated, Peter mumbles out how he accidentally left his camera in here, grabs it and runs out before either man can engage.
The thing is Peter hadn’t just relied on the rumour mill for this either. He had done his own recon. He had watched Steve very closely those first couple days and the man had seemed to spend every moment finding ways to go spend time up at Pepper’s office floor. Steve’s crush came across bigger than Ben Hurr. This didn’t make any sense!
“Peter! Thank you so much for getting this fella to arrive on time for once.” Sam teases Steve with a grin. “How on earth did you pry him from that work station he calls home?”
“You wouldn’t snitch on me, Parker. Nobody deserves to be on the end of Steve's disappointed face” Jones gasps.
Peter shakes his head at the man in front of him. The dummy probably thinks it’s unethical or something equally stupid. Which really, is fair because dating a coworker is complicated but it’s not against company policy, clearly as Luke works closely with his girlfriend. And Steve is all kinds of self-sacrificing! No way would anyone EVER think he’d date someone to take advantage of their position at work. Plus the man is just great so he shouldn’t be letting anything get in the way of potential true love!
Peter still gives Steve a very confused look.
“Steve’s probably just tagged along to keep Peter out of trouble” Bucky says throwing Peter a sidewards look, silently asking for progress on the challenge they'd set “Stands to reason when the guy always needs a babysitter to get any work done”
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
“Oh? What would you call it then?” Steve raises an eyebrow, looking smug at the bird nest in front of him.
Peter winces. He knew Steve and Tony didn’t get along but he hadn’t realised Tony had assigned someone to actively keep Steve at an arm’s reach. That doesn’t seem like healthy work habits.
“Charming”
Peter nods and proceeds to enhance the image in front of them. When he figures out what he is seeing he gasps out loud.
“Did Steve draw that? Wow, I had no idea he was that good. Wait, isn’t Steve going to be mad you stole that?”
Peter rubs his head hoping it’ll help sooth it. “I’m swearing off whisky forever. How big of an idiot did I make of myself last night?”
Tony rolls his eyes but his annoyance doesn’t quite reach them. “I guess Steve is just special.” He says matter of factly, his eyes shining in contrast.
“I did know!” Tony sulks contrarily,
, and his brain has short-circuited. After his moment of being a perfectly still statue, he reciprocates with ease, hands awkward like any first kiss, but fingers settle to curl into the soft fabric of Steve’s shirt. He hasn’t kissed anyone in quite some time, and the way one of Steve’s hands cups his jaw, touch soft and reverent, leaves him craving for more. It’s here, with him, where he begins to learn how to love again (or maybe he’s never stopped loving at all).
Tony never really talks about being kidnapped, figures that history is better left to be buried under the rest of his memories, but he opens up to Steve one day, who’s been reading in the lab. Just goes on to talk about Yinsen, about the sudden clarity he’d achieved in that moment of rebirth. It’s not often he recalls painful history like that, but after carrying so much of the weight and guilt that he has for so long, it’s a relief to wear his heart on his sleeve just this once for someone else aside from Rhodey. To bare his humanity, open and raw and feeling, as a respite from the constant repression.
a team. A family. Sometimes dysfunctional, but it doesn't change the fact that they
They’re a … band of select individuals with special skill sets that can be found nowhere else that comes together when their very humanity and existence on this planet is threatened. They’re not considered anything other than that, no matter what the front page of the newspaper says (do those still exist?) or what they’re spewing out on national television.
you woke from a delicate slumber, gentle enough that your fingers and toes thawed under the gentle rays of sunlight that filtered in through sandy white curtains; you found yourself in a world too cold and unfamiliar, a tourist in a place that should’ve been called home;
Tony wonders what the look on Steve's face is right about now. He can’t really see much of a proper reflection on the glass. Well, he’s
person you’d ever want to talk to about your um. Issues? Or fears? I don’t know, I don’t wanna label anything for you, but I’ve been told to be a pretty good
, despite unmentioned trauma behind closed eyes, in his heart, and his bones. There is melancholy in the way Steve speaks; Tony hears it and knows it all too well. Tony wonders what it's like to wake up seventy years in the future with absolutely nothing but his name and his memories of what feel like yesterday.
you learned that he lived loudly, but had a quiet soul (not short of the suffering); he was cold on the outside, the same type of cold you remember from when you had nothing, but warm on the inside; he was the someone who gave you a home.
surprised when things begin falling apart. As the past has clearly shown, nothing lasts. This time, it just happens to blow up in their faces sooner rather than later. He presses Bruce's buttons as Thor and Nat walk off in frustration. A ticking time bomb, the lot of them, despite working together seamlessly otherwise. Much of what they do is done, but rarely do they speak in the way that'll clear the air from all the
make actual impact with the Red Skull. His systems flash red, a glaringly obvious hole in the side of his suit as JARVIS flickers in and out. His side
He's always liked being up in the sky, and he always did look up to the stars. Tony thinks that, sometime in the future, humankind will have to look toward outer space to continue living. He's not sure how far out that is, but he sure has a feeling that it's part of the future. They call him the
With his help, Tony stands up. It’s the first time he catches a look at Steve’s face since being pulled out of the water, and what he sees?
at being a human being.
Surprisingly enough, the panic doesn’t come (nor the regret). It doesn’t seize at his throat, doesn’t make him claw at it with dull nails. Tony just stares as the message goes through, and then he’s laughing (nearly spills his drink), because he can only imagine the look of bewilderment on Steve’s face. Tony closes his eyes, tips his head back, and lets out a shaky breath.
