Dean’s eyes practically lit up and he nodded eagerly. Castiel smiled and together, they walked side by side towards the Aether hills.
me. I don’t think he would have a good time… he’d be better off staying home.”
Dean just sighs and grabs his jacket, standing up. As he goes to leave, he leans over to ruffle his friend’s hair.
“Dean… about yesterday…” He began to say.
He left at quarter to six and returned with his order thirty minutes later. He parked in his usual spot, which for the last eight months was now
Yet, his sleep was restless, because sleeping alone just did not feel the same.
Castiel sighed.
Dean attempted to hold back a laugh as Anna whispered the last part. However, it proved futile as warm, throaty chuckles began to bubble over. The glare Anna sent him was murderous.
So off they went to the rollercoaster, getting there and waiting in the line to be let through. The line however, was long and there was no way Dean was forking out extra money for a fast pass. So the two of them waited in silence as the people around them buzzed like flies.
Cas smiled and did as he was told, taking a big bite into his sandwich. Dean playfully bumped his shoulder as he leant over to grab some of the chips. When Cas finished the sandwich, he tried to affectionately bump Dean’s shoulder as well, although his was a much weaker attempt. It still made Dean flush a bright red and he kept his head down for the remainder of the lunch, trying to ignore the knowing gazes that Anna was sending him.
. She told me that after a few weeks he transferred, found another college to go to. I tried my hardest to get her to tell me which college but she down right refused.”
“Wow,
Disney World was big… well, big was an understatement. They only made it through half the park by the time the sun had begun to descend and it was time to head back to main street for the fireworks. As they strolled back to the front of the park, side by side, Dean couldn’t help but think about how Sam was right. It had been a lot of fun.
Charlie’s eyes widen when she realises what she’s said, “Oh.. right. I’m not really meant to call her that in front of others, considering her role and status. But uh… Missouri is my mother. Well, no, I mean, she’s not the woman who
Once he finished the pie, his mom got up from the couch and grabbed his plate.
I find anything out… I’ll make sure to give you a call.”
“However, I don’t think you’ll have
Cas grinned and walked past Dean, grabbing the container. He gave it to Dean before indicating over to the sidewalk.
Continued silence.
“Oh, c’mon! Don’t look at me like that. Why don’t you go over to my soldiers in the courtyard? We all know you’re the most skilled fighter. They could use a lesson or two from you.”
It was sight that Dean ingrained into his mind; he never wanted it to leave.
Dean used to tell himself that it could be worse. He thought about those who existed that were like him, whose loved ones died and still hung around as spirits. He couldn’t imagine what it would be like to have a significant other who died and not to be able to touch them, to hold them, to kiss them. He used those thoughts to remind himself how lucky he was, that he had it easy compared to some.
As October neared it’s close, the festive spirit of Halloween had filled Dean’s bakery.
He sat outside for a good twenty minutes, all jittery in his seat from the large coffee and the bucket loads of adrenaline coursing through his veins. Despite how energised he felt, it was hard for him to gain the courage to walk up to the door. For one thing, he had no idea what he was even going to say. What could he even say to the guy he is in love with, the same guy who just admitted his feelings back through a drunken spiel? Secondly, he worried that Dean would resent him for his past decisions, the fact that he moved away like a coward instead of truly admitting how he was feeling.
“I am… I am here at the first fortress. The one in the Grasslands.” He can’t help but whisper, as if the fortress can hear his every word. “Do you think you can help me get inside?”
After Dean finished fingerspelling her name, the girl nodded, a scowl on her face. Dean took this moment to take in her appearance. For the most part, she had the looks of the stereotypical all-American girl –- the bright blonde curls, sky blue eyes and defined cheekbones. Yet, at the same time, you could see the troubled past that this barely 17-year old girl was running from. Through the dark eyeliner, grungy clothing and her gaze that held the pain and suffering her face attempted not to show. Dean was familiar with that look. He saw it in the mirror staring back at him most days.
“I’m sorry it wasn’t sooner.” Dean replies.
As Charlie continues gushing about the faery, Dean can’t help but laugh.
“Would you like a shower? Or the remote, so you can watch some television?” Cas asks.
It was then that she saw the wall, lined with frames upon frames of Cas’ art.
It was there behind the church that they explained everything to Kevin and as they all say, the rest was history.
“Disney isn’t just for children,
! of the oven. Dean watched his mom pull out the pie and rest it on the cooling rack, before ushering Dean upstairs to get changed out of his flour dusted clothes. When he came back downstairs, his mom had placed the dessert in a small basket, matched with a red and white dish towel that looked like it belonged in the story of
“I have a feeling you’re familiar with what I’m talking about.” Cas says.
Cas was on the edge of his seat, entranced by everything Dean was saying. Dean leant forward so that they were closer in proximity.
“Why?” Dean asks.
Then, again, as quickly as it came, it stopped. However, this time, it felt more finite to Dean. He watched as Missouri sighed and disconnected their hands. She opened her eyes and stared over at Dean with a disappointed look.
“Yeah well… I fucking am so you are just going to have to accept it.”
Charlie notices the painting as well, according to the little hitch in her breath, along with excusing herself to give him privacy.
idea how he found my personal details! Oh I know,
“All done?”
“Hello,
They stop just before the car park, near the rear of the building, so Cas can take a call from Gabriel. He props Dean up against the wall so that he can answer the phone, letting his brother know where he is, and for Gabriel to tell him he’s made it home safe. Dean continues to sway as he stands there, hoping that when they proceed to Cas’ car, that he’ll be able to get right up against Cas again.
Is printed neatly on Cas’ chest in red.
“Ah, I see you are as quiet as ever.” The man laughs. “Welcome back. I am glad to see that you have found your way here.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But he knows that won’t be the last he sees of Cas. No matter what happens, no matter how it happens, he’s getting his angel back, no matter the consequences.
Kevin and Dean had done the same unit in their second semester of Freshman year. Leading up to exams, Dean had asked Kevin if he could copy some notes and Kevin had kindly leant him his notebook. Dean had forgotten to give it back, something he still felt bad about to this day. He even apologised to Kevin at one point, in which the spirit had called him an idiot. However, in this moment… he was never so grateful for keeping that notebook.
tired. Tired of the bullshit and the years of his façade. Tired of Cas treating him the same and tired of his friend seeming to have the same old views of whatever year he had died long ago. He wanted things to change, he wanted to stop pretending.
Cas relayed the message to Dean.
“However, for now...” Dean continues, turning Castiel around so that their eyes meet, “... are you ready to go home, Your Highness?”
“Sir, do you have a rewards card?” The cashier asked, directing his question to Dean.
That was until he met his roommate in freshman year of college.
Dean looked over at to where the teenager was pointing, to see one of the three cheese muffins. He took it out of the display and put it on a plate. He punched in the order for Claire before passing it onto the barista. He turned to see Claire still waiting expectantly.
home.
“Neither do I, but there’s a first time for everything, right?” He replies, holding out his hand. Cas looks at it for a moment before sighing and placing his own hand in Dean’s. The warmth of his hand is solid in Dean’s palm, and Dean can almost feel his nerves tingle from the touch.
The Shurley family had gone out for an early dinner to celebrate Cas’ graduation. Being the youngest of the six siblings and by far the smartest, his graduation was a big deal. Hannah and her husband flew in from Seattle, Gabriel and Inias travelled down from North Dakota and Muriel made a special visit from Amsterdam, where she’d been living abroad. Despite seeing them from time to time, Dean didn’t really know the siblings well… but for Cas—they were his entire world. So it made sense they had a special meal as a family together.
Dean watched as Muriel, Anna and Gabriel left in Muriel’s car, whereas Michael, Cas, Balthazar and Inias hopped into the sedan. Tears stung Dean’s eyes as he watched the sedan drive away, knowing he’d really hurt his friend, even though he hadn’t meant to. He knew then that cards and letters wouldn’t cut it, he really needed to find another way to make it up to his friend.
“Yeah… yeah, I know.” Dean whispers, looking over at the box as well. “I know this sounds weird, but… I knew him, okay? I know what he was like, even though I wasn’t there for long, and… I gotta read those, okay Pam? It’s important.”
The next, he was in his car, with the city lights of Denver in his rearview mirror.
“Yes! Does that mean you know who I am?”
“I’m sure you knew already, but Kate isn’t my mom.” Dean explains, sneaking a glance over to his step-mom who is talking with some relatives of hers, “Sam and I have --
like that is enough to send a feeling of rage all through Dean’s body.
As the train pulls up, Charlie drops her hand from Dean’s shoulder and sends him a small smile.
“Last time Dean found his way here, it was Prince Castiel’s doing. It seems our knight here may be skilled with a sword, but is not particularly good at finding his way around.”
By the time first year started to end, was when Dean began to question. The more time he spent at the club, the more he realised that sexuality wasn’t just black and white. He learnt about being ace, being demi and being trans--things Dean rarely had been exposed to growing up. He began to learn more and more about the community, from guest speakers to just his friends’ own experiences. He also learnt about what it meant to be bisexual, a term that stuck out the most to Dean. Hearing it for the first time, he remembered his heart racing at the thought. He didn’t know why at the time and just tried to bury it in his mind. Yet as continued to pop up every now and then, the more and more he got exposed to it.
The stranger had the decency to look slightly guilty and immediately closed his mouth on whatever retort he had originally planned. Cas turned his attention to his neighbour, who looked a lot calmer.
He leans in and gives her a gentle hug, cautious of her sore head.
People surrounded them, from young to old and tall to short. Everyone’s voices carried over to the top of each other’s, each voice filled with a thrum of excitement and anticipation. Dean looked over and saw Sam and Jack  in front of him, the kid pretty much radiating eagerness for the upcoming show. He could tell Sam found it amusing.
“I couldn’t handle my feelings so I ran away and moved to Denver. I… I thought that was best for all of us, but I see now that I’m wrong. I should’ve told you and Charlie first and I should’ve told you the truth. I apologise for being a coward and I really hope you can forgive me for all the pain I’ve caused us.”
“Yes, it was a piece of cake.” Dean replies with a smirk.
it was his friend.
Then next it was planning what bouquet of flowers Cas was to bring. Dean had run off to a florist on his lunch break, asking them on advice on
They packed up the food after they finished eating, putting it all into the trash can in Dean’s kitchen. Dean ended up shoving Cas away at some point, signing:
He looked over at the clock on his computer, which told him that it was just past ten. He’d already drank all of his evening tea and the email he was meant to send had sat unwritten for the past twenty minutes. His phone was void of any messages or calls, apart from the message that Dean had sent him earlier.
to go on this trip Charlie. But please, whatever you do, return home to me. Okay?”
“Honestly, I find it hard to believe that you two have genuine fights. Tell me, how long did this one last?”
Dean turned around slowly to find his mother storming towards him, Sammy tucked up on her hip. Her face was furious and Dean couldn’t help but stare sheepishly at his mom.
The twins are wide-eyed and nod furiously,
The Winchester’s had their own little home on the edge of the town, beside a cliffside that overlooked the forest down below. To get to their house, you had to walk down through the village right to the other end, before crossing a small bridge over a minor chasm. Castiel loved the look of their house, with its cream brick walls and black tiled roof. A chimney turreted out of the top of the house, with light grey blowing out of the top. Castiel loved how ornate and cozy this house looked compared to the castle. The castle was large, empty, even
the man states with a fond tone,
Pam takes a quick peek at the box, before huffing a laugh and rolling her eyes. “Right. Like I said, Dean, some of your fans are definitely a bit on the wack side. This one claims that they’re pregnant with your child. Obviously delusional.”
, they stumbled upon the realisation.
Missouri’s expression grew much more serious at his words. She leant forward, resting her forearms on her thighs. His stare met hers, both unwavering.
Cas said causing Dean’s eyebrows to shoot up.
Whether they’re masking their emotions or not, however, the Novak brothers certainly seem perfectly content.
Cas nods.
He was quick to get to Cas’ room, but was very cautious in opening the door. He turned the doorknob slowly, carefully edging himself into the room to see Cas. As soon as he got a good look into the room, he found his friend hunched over his desk, sketching. His face was hidden out of view by his arms. He slowly walked into the room, slinging his bag off and placing it on floor beside the door. He then approached his friend and carefully touched him on the shoulder.
Shortly afterwards, they began their journey back down the mountain, towards Purgatory village. Benny walked ahead, with Castiel and Dean trailing behind him. They were nearing the entrance to the village, when a soft growl pierced the quiet atmosphere. One second Dean was behind Castiel and the next, he was in front of him,
“But what I do know is that you may not know Castiel now, but you did know him back then. You knew him better than anybody. And there is no Dean that I know, even one who has no memory, that wouldn’t do anything for him.”
power I apparently possess. Without it, it does not matter how ready we all are… without it, we will have no chance of defeating it.”
“I’m all in,” Dean states. “I’m all in for every bit of it. I was scared about losing my job, because even though it was nothing like I thought it’d be, I thought I’d be disappointing everyone, including myself, if I gave it up after working all this time for it. But I now know that it means shit-all compared to
The trip to the town took about an hour on horseback, probably the shortest journey they had taken. The grasslands were the region in the south of Grace Island, made up of miles of fields and large, rolling hills. It was probably one of the most beautiful parts of the island, filled with gorgeous greenery and stunning wildlife. Sometimes, Castiel wished he were able to see the land from the castle, however he was unable to as the region’s largest hill blocked the view.. It was there, on this hill, that the Grasslands fortress stood.
Cas—just Cas—was the first ghost Dean had been able to see. He’d been four at the time, a small boy with a large imagination. He’d met Cas in his backyard, by the swing set. He remembered when the older man had appeared before him, with a raggedy beard and his body covered head to toe in dirt. He greeted Dean with a small smile, blue eyes glittering in the afternoon sun. Dean had asked who he was, to which he had responded; ‘Cas’. And as all the books say, the rest was history.
It all made her realise that she wasn’t a story teller. The stories however, never seemed to leave her.
“I am observing the bees,” Castiel replied to Dean’s question, “I find them and their patterns of movement… interesting.”
Growing up in a small city, in
Once he got there, he saw a figure waiting for him in the dark. Despite not being able to see his face, Dean knew it was Cas in a heartbeat. When he was able to fully see Cas in the dark, his friend signed:
Castiel took a deep breath.
“This is one I’ve been meaning to watch.” Dean said, clicking on it.
And I’m meant to just move in, play happy family? I mean… I
King Castiel knows a thing or two about stress.
He faces Cas again, gripping him tighter as he hears their song begin to end.
Castiel’s plans to travel fell through pretty quickly, when he realised that his land really needed a leader during the aftermath. Additionally, he wanted to contribute with the rebuilding and clean up as much as possible. So while himself and Dean stayed behind to look after the land, Charlie travelled in their stead. However, she did not go alone, as she had begun a relationship with Gilda, a faery from the Aether. Together, they did the royal duty of travelling for a year, visiting the nearby lands and meeting their royalty. A few members of these royal families would be there today, ready to meet Castiel and his husband, Prince Dean. A title he was given upon his marital union with the king.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “You grew up here in Lawrence?”
Cas laughs softly from beside
First of all, Dean Smith is an enigma — private, quiet,
Dean doesn’t answer and just keeps walking.
Charlie seems delighted.
“Need some help there?”
“I’m Dean,” he says, “I’m from Vale Village. I’m asking because I know a way to stop the fortress up there from continuing to blare all day and all night. I know a way to reset it back to normal.”
As Castiel remembered Dean’s words from yesterday --
(See the end of the chapter for
A sheepish expression forms on her face. “Sorry Daddy.”
It was then that Dean couldn’t help but wonder about how they got to there.
Then as if it was fate, just as Dean was finishing his sentence, the spotlights shone straight up. A large roar of screams came from the crowd around them as the thematic music began to play, getting louder in swells. Cas was confused but intrigued and Dean couldn’t help but stare at him out of the corner of his eye.
on DVD in his bag, a movie the boys had both decided to watch that night in preparation for the new Harry Potter movie coming out in a few months. Dean was excited, especially to be able to tell Cas about everything that had happened that week.
Dean nods and they’re both silent for a moment.
Dean gets up slowly, wiping the slight gash on his head from a hit he took. He stumbles over to the control panel and types in the code. At first, nothing happens, it is the same as it just was. But then, the sirens stop blaring. The red lights stop flashing. And the control panel lights up again, ready to be used. It is as if from one moment to the next, peace is restored in the fortress.
Dean peeked one eye open, only to find that nothing had happened. He did happen to the note, however, that the room got a few degrees colder.
It does not take long for the citizens of Grace Island to pour in from all over the land.
“You are to take Sir Dean to the bath in the Resurrection Bunker, upon the Hill of Life. There, you are to remove him of all his clothing, excluding his undergarments. You will wash his clothes and leave them to dry nearby. Then, you are to leave him there… and not go back.”
As he prepared to step inside, he thought about Dean, who was laying in the bath of resurrection. He held onto hope that he would see him again, someday, alive and well.
Cas shrugged.
Cas hummed in response but said nothing more and Dean picked up his pencil slowly. He pretended to keep writing to avoid suspicion, when in reality he was just drawing random scribbles. His heart and mind were racing at a mile a minute as the realisation finally dawned on him and made his blood run cold.
graders in their school. She came from a wealthy family, one who lived on the nicer side of Lawrence. Dean and Cas were both well off in their own rights, but nothing compared to the success Cassie Robinson stemmed from. That Halloween she was holding a party at her home and to their surprise, both boys had been invited. Dean wasn’t as shocked, considering he was actually good friends with Cassie. The two of them were lab partners in Science and shared pretty much all their classes. Dean wouldn’t call himself popular, but he was likeable—so most of Cassie’s friendship group was familiar with him and would talk to him on occasion. The more astonishing part was Cas being invited. As much as Dean loved his best friend, he wasn’t quite as popular in school as Dean was. Cas rarely got invited to parties, most of the time they were the parties held by Dean or their small knit group of friends, such as Charlie, Benny and Garth.
From that moment on, Mary practically became a mother to three boys as both Dean and Castiel were inseparable. From preschool to elementary, they shared the same classes and would play together during the breaks. Dean would always give Castiel half of his honey sandwiches, and in return, Castiel would give Dean the snack pudding from his lunchbox.
On 7am on the morning of his 31
A selfish part of Cas briefly wished they could have cancelled on their family and friends and just rung in the new year that way.
“I’m sorry,” they stammer out at the same time, before clamping their mouths shut again when they realise they’ve both spoken.
Turns out Claire had no idea what cake Jody wanted, so the two of them decided on taste testing a few. Dean pulled the samples from the refrigerated display, taking them over on plates to the table. Claire enjoyed the vanilla, was indifferent on the lemon and disliked the hazelnut. However, it was the red velvet which really stood out.
the same one Cas sat on when he read to her last night.
Dean just wants to sleep, but he knows he can’t. Fans have sent these letters and gifts to him. While he never exactly asked for a P.O. box to be made for him, he feels that it’s nice sentiment his management team created. Being so private, Dean is unable to interact with fans on a personal level. While he enjoys the aspects of performing (mostly), he sometimes wants a deeper connection with his fanbase. Dean knows that letters are a way to do that, and he is excited to read them.
That day he learnt his new neighbour and classmate was named Castiel. That he was six years old. He liked bees and drawing. He was allergic to peanuts. He was also Deaf and mainly communicated through sign language. However, Dean also learnt Castiel didn’t need to just talk through sign language and somehow, that day, the two of them had worked out their own way to communicate to each other.
He headed down the stairs and towards his own house, but only got a few steps before something stopped him.
He almost wants to just say it. Let the word dance on his tongue. For a moment there, he had forgotten it. Forgotten everything about him, including that. To have the name back where it belongs, helps lift a tiny bit of unease off of his chest.
him… to drop the flan off at the café at 7:30pm. So reluctantly, Dean made himself go look presentable so he wasn’t walking into the restaurant looking like a fish out of water. By the time he was ready it was 7:15, so he quickly bolted downstairs with the flan and called for a cab.
The first thing he sees is blue.
Once everything was out in the open and tensions were eased, Cas couldn’t help but take the opportunity to kiss Dean for the first time, something that he had only ever dreamt about.
Dean has never heard Cas mention that the story was sentimental to him. He turns so that he can face his husband.
Unfortunately, Castiel’s twenty-first birthday went much differently.
“What? After any momentous occasion, you always need a celebratory milkshake.”
Cas is standing off to the side when Dean approaches him again, probably with a slight sway in his step. As soon as their eyes meet, Dean grins and almost immediately, he can see that Cas knows what he wants.
He stood in front of Dean, so that Dean had to quickly to stop walking in order to not risk falling through Cas. His friend was looking at him through eyes swimming with guilt.
With Castiel’s abilities slowly fading, there is no time to waste.
“And you may not remember it, but you have been waiting for him too.”
Dean does as he’s told, saying one last goodbye to Benny before he exits out of the room.
“I wouldn’t recommend it.”
Why? Because he was doing it for Cas.
Cas sighs again. “I suppose you’re right.”
“Yes,” Dean speaks up for the first time, “he’s the reason The Empty hasn’t escaped. He’s keeping it trapped inside the castle. But his powers are failing and if I don’t get to him soon, it will be too late.”
on tour, you told him who you were? After I specifically told you
“So Dean, you’re heading to St. Louis? You got family there?” He asks.
… Dean hoped people wouldn’t ask Cas.
Castiel asked. He nodded in reply.
When they are about fifty feet away, they both stop and stare at the formidable building. Up close it looks even worse, with the bottom of the foundation slightly decayed and the sound of faint sirens blaring from within. Charlie pales and she even looks like she might be sick.
“I know you need space and time and you don’t want to look or talk to me right now… I understand. But please take my card, it has all of my contact details on it. If you find yourself wanting to talk… if you ever want to… I just want you to know where you can find me.”
“I can’t tell you much further than that Castiel. Those three things, as broad as they are, are the only things you need to know. Remember them, please.”
When ghosts disappear, they dematerialise into the veil and reappear somewhere else. At least, that is what Cas always told Dean. It’s their way of teleporting, moving from one place to another. So, Cas disappearing had only one obvious connotation. He’d gone into the veil.
“Hi Kevin.” Dean greeted his friend. “How’s it going?”
“The prophecy told us of these events and so we prepared. Yet, The Empty was far more cunning than we expected and the destruction that he caused was devastating. Grace Island has never been able to return to what it once was, with The Empty still within the castle walls and the liege of champions either dead or incapacitated. To this day, there are very few of us who lived the events of a hundred years ago. Not enough of us to tell the tale.”
Sam walked over to Dean, a smug look on his face.
She swallows harshly and nods.
With all of those combined, Cas came to a halting realisation.
Grace Island held many secrets, but it also revealed many truths too. It was the island where the angel, Michael first stepped foot on Earth and the island that would forever bear the tragedy of his past. He was sent to observe, survey the land, watch over God’s creations. He was not meant to be seen by the humans, for they were not meant to know the existence of the angels. But upon his arrival he met Grace, the eldest child of a shepherd and a seamstress. When he first laid eyes on her, watched her tend to her father’s sheep, he was entranced. He would forever be pulled into her orbit, an innate need that eventually led him to harm. For angels and humans were never meant to lay together, never meant to possess a deep, abiding love for each other. Yet when Michael met Grace, their entire world shifted and a forbidden love bloomed. It was not long afterwards that Grace bore their first child, a child with both human blood and angelic magic running through their veins. It was a child so powerful that their birth was far too enervating for their mother to handle and subsequently, Grace was laid to rest.
Dean started to stir when Jo shook him, “Dean.” He mumbled and buried his head into his pillow more. “Dean,” she shook him harder, needing to pee but unable to move because Dean’s arms were wrapped around her. “Move,” she urged, pushing on his shoulder harder, but he didn’t move. Jo punched Dean in the shoulder as hard as she could manage with his boa constrictor grip, he jumped and groaned, releasing his grip to grab onto his shoulder.
“Speaking of justice,” Dean said with a wicked grin on his face.
“I thought you weren't the dancing type,” Castiel laughed as Dean grabbed him by the arm and dragged him towards the dance floor.
"What?" Dean asked when he passed a stolen cup from the dining hall with spiced rum to his partner, noticing the grin on his face.
“Hold up! Did you just say boyfriend?”  Andy exclaimed.
“Nah, I like the view,” she laughed, kicking Dean gently in the ass on her way to the mini fridge to get another drink.
“Happy to see you,” Cas said, his voice lower with desire as he thrust his hips forward to grind against him.
He feigned offense and Dean stood impatiently by the door. “So are we gonna eat or what?”
"My sister lives here, I missed her too much," he said shyly, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Violent history,” Castiel interrupted.
“I should go,” Castiel said quietly before standing up and smoothing out his jeans. Dean only nodded. As Castiel crossed the room and opened the door his brother called out, “See ya, Cassie.” He didn't even have the energy to correct Gabriel.
And Dean almost agrees, almost turns to go back and wait in the car when Cas turns to go get cleaning supplies, or Dean presumes, before Cas’s story about how his boss asked him out (he politely declined) sinks in. It’s the sudden possessiveness he feels that has him watching Cas walk away. His eyes lock onto the way the clothes shape Cas’s body, the way they tighten around him when he walks away, and without a second thought, Dean is following Cas back, past the rows of preservative-filled goodies to the back of the store. Dean hopes someone else is working at the gas station, to help customers, because Cas opens a door, enters a closet with a dim light, just enough to see paper towels and cleaners and the like lining the shelves, before Dean is following him inside and closing the door behind him.
“Cas-“
“You’re not just offering because you have to, right? I’m not gonna- I’m not gonna do anything with you if you’re just doing it ‘cause your boss says so.”
all the time, wearing layers upon layers and it’s when his shirt comes off and the handprint
him again after so long.
It helps, until he’s thinking about the way Cas was looking at him again and it curdles something in his stomach but in, like, a good way. The way that has his pants starting to tighten.
The words have their intended effect, as Dean inhales sharply, before suddenly shoving the rest of the way in, coming to rest all the way in for just a moment before starting a rough, fast pace, taking Cas hard against the floor.
against Dean’s.
Cas frowns, or at least Dean thinks he does. He can’t see ‘cause of the. You know. The bees. “Why not? Nature has so much to offer. Feeling the flowers against my skin, the honey, the bees- it’s all a gift.”
Dean shivers and arches into the touch, but then uses the hand in Cas’s hair to tug him back up to eye-level. “You can’t distract me, Cas. Go ahead, I’m not gonna laugh.”
“Only if it’s with you,” comes Cas’s response, and the thought makes Dean groan again, lean his head back with a chuckle.
“I said, I’m abstinent now. For God,” Dean jokes a little, adjusting the way he’s leaning against the cabinet in his room. It was digging into his back.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumbles, but he’s almost eager as he noses his way down Cas’s neck, down his abdomen, idly flicking his tongue through the mess on Cas’s stomach just to hear the choked noise the angel makes when he sees Dean do that, down to his cock, hard against his stomach.
Dean is hard in his own pants, and he spares a moment to press a hand against his cock, letting out a low groan as his eyes rake over Cas’s bare abdomen.
Not that he’s there yet. He’d probably come too soon if he did that right now. So he works up to it, nudging his cock further until he can feel the head nudging the back of Cas’s throat, Cas’s lips now pressed to Dean’s hand where he’s holding his cock in place. Cas’s eyes have closed in pleasure as he grips at his own wrists behind his back, mindpower focused on swallowing around the cock practically in his throat, ignoring his own throbbing in his pants with need.
on the angel is what does it, what makes him groan as quietly as he can into his hand and come into his hand, making a (careful) mess as his body pulses in pleasure, back arches. Then he’s coming down from his high, and he’s gotta clean up this mess
“Cas, you can’t seduce me out of this argument,” Dean half-jokes, half-serious, like he knows they’re just putting off the inevitable. That he’s made his decision, that everyone is trying to talk him out of.
“Go ahead, Cas,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s open mouth, squeezing the head of Cas’s cock and feeling his own cock twitch half-heartedly at the noise that comes out of the angel’s mouth.
The thought of making another handprint on Dean’s body, besides the one already on his arm…
start fucking him, pushing him hard into the hood of the car and Dean couldn’t care less about his car at this point. It’s a startling revelation, quickly buried by the
He can also feel this isn’t some sort of… repayment for everything Cas has done for him, despite what he told Cas. It’s not a favor either. It’s more than that.
to teach you about foreplay some time,” he sees Cas’s hard cock, lying against his thigh, and he thinks this is fine, they can go slow another time. If there is another time. Hopefully there’s another-
more open, and he can feel lube dripping from his entrance, sliding down to his balls, dripping to the carpeted floor.
Cas turns back, annoyance written into his expression. “If you can’t touch me, that’s fine, but I’m going to take care of it myself.”
“Are you- are you talking about a barter system? I didn’t think the humans had another form of payment besides money. Although I’m not sure what you’d consider the equivalent of two large pizzas-“
can’t get out of these bonds. He’s actually trapped.
Dean recognizes he’s found
“I know. I want to watch you come. You’ll do that for me, won’t you? Be good?” Cas teases, swipes his thumb over the head and twisting his hand as Dean’s cock throbs in his hand.
“A what?” Cas asks, brows furrowed. Oh boy, this is gonna be fun.
When he’s done, Cas is twitching his hips again, clearly hoping that now Dean will take mercy on him and make him come. Unfortunately, Dean is
“Uhh, no, no I- it’s not hot. Now. Now it’s just gross. And you can’t-“
“I assumed you wanted to do this somewhere more comfortable,” Cas replies, his tone actually unsure, and Dean sighs, “It’s fine.”
he was doing in his very good friend’s lap or even try to figure out what was going on with them, but he can’t get any more words out. Instead, Cas leans down, carefully, slowly, like he can’t really stop himself but he doesn’t want his lights punched out by Dean or anything (not that Dean could hurt him), and Dean cranes his neck, leans up to meet the angel’s mouth with his own.
“I had some capacity of what was going on when we were going to fight Amara,” Cas beats around the bush, eyes flicking down instead of making contact with Dean’s.
Sam was working or sleeping inside, so Dean was biting the bullet outside, leaned up against the hood of his car, hands in the pockets of his jacket.
He can only keep so many instincts back, though, and he finds himself groaning out Cas’s name, followed by, “You like that? Sucking on my cock like that? You gonna come in those shorts just from sucking me off?”
“What, you can kiss me but you can’t touch me?” Cas frowns, sits up in bed.
and they just feel so nice up against your- uh-“ He’s flushed, and he refuses to finish that sentence, avoiding eye contact with Cas.
Per the usual, sarcasm flies right over Cas’s head, and he responds with a little frown, “Unfortunately, no, it won’t be that easy.”
“And he was watching you the whole time, every move you made.”
than before, and something’s- “Dean, I- I’m-
Dean gasps out a garbled version of Cas’s name, a little unable to believe the angel just
“No, I haven’t seen him, I’ve been going around trying to find you both but you’ve been hard to pin down,” Cas responds with a frown, looking down at his own body as if noticing for the first time how undressed he is.
“C’mon Cas,” Dean says, not realizing how scratchy his voice is until he talks for the first time since they started, but he can’t help it, wanting to encourage him ‘til the end. “Give in to it. Go ahead and come for me.”
He pulls into the parking lot of the hospital where Cas says Raphael’s old vessel is, talking to Cas. “So, we pull up, light the oil, and he’ll be there when we get back to the house?”
And then the words sink in. “Y- what?”
“Thank you,” Cas replies, skipping right over the complaint.
Cas reaches forward, grasps Dean’s chin firmly with one hand. “Right. It just matters what I want.”
, trying to figure out what happened. The closest explanation he can figure is he pissed of the cupid a whole lot with his punch, and so he’s worked his magic on him and Cas, because Dean isn’t sure what else has the kind of power to make him and an
sliding his tongue against Cas’s lips, clearly asking for permission, but Cas whines and rolls his hips up against Dean’s instead, and that’s. Well, it feels like a hard cock nudging Dean’s through his underwear.
hard, and looking at how flushed Cas’s cock has gotten is making him groan in pleasure.
Cas is desperately trying to keep quiet now that his mouth is free, but he says, “Dean, please, I’m at-
So Dean reaches around with the hand that was in Cas’s hair, wrapping it around his cock instead and using the hefty amount of precome leaking out to slick the way, jerking him off almost in time with his thrusts. He’s not that coordinated, not with the way Cas squeezes around him, takes his cock like he was born for it. And he gets even tighter as he gets closer, hitching noises now including somewhat garbled versions of Dean’s name, and Dean is hunched over the angel’s body, admiring the mark he left on his neck earlier and, after a second’s thought, leaning in to make another one, closer to the top of his spine.
“Please, let me- I want-“ Cas wants to go fast, let off the pressure building at the base of his spine and lose himself, but he forces himself to go nice and slow, squeezing the base before sliding his hand up, swiping his palm over the head and then twisting his hand as he slides it back down. He feels the need to build the pleasure, kept in a steady state by his pace, and so he brings his other hand up to pinch and twist at a nipple.
Dean huffs, not quite letting the moans slip past just yet, even though the pleasure is working its way up his spine at the way Cas is tonguing the slit at the head of his cock. The hunter shifts, getting more in between Cas’s legs, nudging his cock farther into the angel’s mouth. Cas takes it in stride, sucking farther down, tongue sliding up the underside as he slides down.
Cas tenses and practically wails, and all the lightbulbs in the room shatter. Not like either Dean nor Cas care, as Cas fists his hands in the pillow beneath his head and Dean teases at the rim, both thumbs now dragging at the edge while his tongue works at getting it nice and wet. Dean’s perfectly content to tease, even though his cock is rock hard and leaking into his underwear, just because Cas is making the
He almost wants to take his time, make what he’s sure is Cas’s first time special, but he’s kind of super hard in his shorts and he’s not sure how long Cas can last. So, he leans down, presses his lips carefully to the angel’s, and this time Cas surges up to meet him, so their teeth click together awkwardly for just a second before Dean pushes him back into the bed so he can control the kiss. At this, Castiel moans into Dean’s mouth, and yeah, on some level, Dean’s getting off on the fact that apparently Cas, an
and the whole demon thing overwhelming.
got whatever he’s got going on, when in fact he is just staring at Cas. Working his job, he’s apparently taken to the whole human life, smiling that fake-minimum-wage smile at the customers. Although, if Dean looks closer, that actually might be a
“Yeah.”
He realizes they’re not normal cuffs, as he looked up at his hands, tugging uselessly at the bonds, and saw the markings.
he’s going to start on his “you’re better off without me here” monologue, so he interrupts him instead, “C’mere.”
“Not yet.”
And Cas just lies there, eyes trained on the way Dean’s hand moves over his cock, tongue unconsciously flicking over his lower lip and wetting it as he wishes he had his mouth on the hunter’s cock, or that it was inside him. The fantasies only serve to make him ache more for orgasm, having been denied twice now and not used to the feeling of drawing it out for so long.
- practically using him, using one hand to grip one of the angel’s hips, the other to grip his cock, surely overstimulated at this point but Cas doesn’t complain. He takes it eagerly, arching into Dean’s grip and whining high in his throat whenever Dean shifted just right, moaning Dean’s name when he manages to hit that spot inside him.
in his voice makes Dean feel things in his chest that he wants to quash ASAP.
. Cas refuses with a shake of his head, biting a matching mark on the other side of Dean’s collarbone before nosing his way down the other’s chest. He flicks his tongue over a hardened nipple, prompting a high-pitched noise Dean will later
The new
“Cas, you can’t be serious. What, they don’t tell you about sex up in heaven?”
It’s not Sam.
Dean interrupts him again with a “No,” and Cas is sure if he disobeys, Dean might not let him get off at all. So he brings his hands up to rest on his abdomen, twitching with the effort of not touching himself.
“Yes, I’m sure, hurry up,” Cas practically whines, spreading his legs further.
-“ Cas cuts himself off with a gasp as Dean suddenly grinds down, cock rubbing hard against Cas’s through the layers.
Not that Dean gets to finish that thought, although he was barely able to get those sentences out, close as he was to coming in his pants, because Cas is choking down a wail of what sounds suspiciously like Dean’s name as he comes on his hand, hips jerking as Dean works him through it.
I knew something bad was happening when I woke up and heard them fighting. Sam was screaming things like "it's not mine" and "who are you fucking with, tell me!" and his choice of words would make mum to use the pepper punishment. I felt like hearing Cas crying. I stood up and walked slowly, so I wouldn't be heard, and walked over the source of the yelling; their room.
"You'll never rule anything" Castiel growled into her ear as he stabbed her. Azrael died and Castiel threw her away, spitting on her. He hated how foolish he was, how every angel could manipulate him. Aphrodite disappeared the moment she sensed the danger, so there they were alone, above a dead angel's body.
"Whoa. Somebody's gettin' lucky tonight?"
The cop stared at me when I stopped talking, shaking his head. "So, let me get this straight..." he started. "You screwed your brother's fiance, who's a former prostitute and you ran away together. But I don't get why you came over here, telling me where I can find the gun of Alex Summerstan's murder."
He left Russia and his family to study in England. Now, on his 22, he was ready to revenge the death of his father. Was he ready, really? Was his heart ready to be crashed? How would Dean react if he ever found out the truth?
"Hello, Mr Shelby... Mr Shelby" he smiled politely at both of them, winking at Finn's direction. Thomas Shelby coughed as he lightened a cigarette on.
Eileen blushed and held Sam's hand. "I love you" she told him. Sam smiled and said to her "I love you" in sign language.
Professor's words faded in his ears and Castiel felt something shiver inside his body. Next to him, Dean was smiling cheekily and winked at his direction, when he stared at him.
"Mom, I've already found a place and a job. I've also packed my things. I'm leaving now, my flight is due in a few hours. I just thought... thought you'd be happy for me" Sam stood up, but her mother was faster. She grabbed her by her wrist. "You're not going! Did you heard me? You. Are. Not. Going! That's final!"
Castiel looked inside the hunter's eyes in confusion, his hands on the hunter's torso, his legs on both sides of Dean's body. "What happened, Dean?" Dean could sense the sadness on his voice. It ripped him apart. "Have I done something wrong?"
A whole evening, and a few hours later, both Winchesters were in the kitchen, pouring some coffee. Both were tired, with hickeys all over their necks.
"Hey handsome" she winked at Eileen. "Oh. Is she yours? She's pretty hot and I'm out and about for a hot night... how about we all leave this place, hmm?"
"Another nightmare?" he whispered. Dean nodded. Cas sighed and pulled Dean into his embrace, stroking his hair.
"But whoever enters the Empty doesn't come out.. These are the rules..." it said and took a step to grab Jack.
Cas blushes. "Uhm. Yes well... sure"
"So it'd be better if one of you went alone." Sam said.
“There was no choice to be made, ever!” Cas spat out. “It was always him! You like it or not, he’ll always have me! I gave myself to him! All you got is a violent intrusion. He owns my body and my soul and my heart because I gave them to him willingly!” Cas yelled. “It will always be him! You’ll never have what he had! You’ll always have a violent fuck! A rape! That’s all you’ll ever have! And he… he’s going to have our love making! He’ll always have –”
“Hello boys. You had a fun night?” he asked.
"Dean".
A few hours later they were at the motel Dean and Cas had booked a room on. Sam had brought many stakes, in case this was a failed attempt.
I rushed into the room, holding Cas, protecting him. "Stop!" I roared. "Stop it now!" Cas was shaking inside my arms; his nose was bleeding, one of his eyes was turning blue and his bottom lip was cut. I stroked his hair, trying to calm him down.
"Cas..." I whispered, breathing through my nose while his experienced hands were wrapped around my dick.
"Ew I don't need the dirty details, thanks" Dean complained. Eileen pouted and showed him the middle finger. Dean laughed and stroked her shoulder. "Yeah, love you too"
Cas froze for a while and then something flinched inside his brain. Victory. He won. Dean surrendered. He smiled and grabbed Dean's face, pulling his lips onto his own. Dean smiled on his lips and made the kiss deeper. Dean started to unbutton Cas' robe and climbed on top of him, untying both their ties. Cas' eyes were dark with lust and need. He grabbed Dean's waist and pulled him closer onto his body.
Sam frowned as he tried to concentrate; he drank a lot last night because… because of him. Because of the pretty blue eyed bartender.
The angel wasn't terrified of her; Azrael wasn't the best fighter or that dangerous. He thought he could easily overpower her. "It's a deal. Tell me what you need."
A hint of a grin appeared on Dean's lips and looked at his angel. "No, Cas it's not necessary just…" He sighed and covered his face. "I can't stand this anymore, you and your bareness, every single night, I can't!" He snapped. "You might not be very naked, but it affects me much"
"Very well" the Chief commended. "I expect some progress next week." And with these last words, Castiel was dismissed.
Dean held Cas' hand as they walked over the Impala. He could sense the angel's bad mood, he could literally see it into his thoughts. "What's wrong, angel cheeks?"
The Shelby stared at him for a while then bursted into laughter. When he calmed down, he wiped a tear on the corner of his eye.
"Uh, my vessel" Castiel answered looking at himself. "I don't even know. I woke up and I was inside this vessel. That why I need your help. To find my old vessel."
hope you liked it! It was fun writing the end...
"I can't imagine why." Dean joked. "Did you… did you regret it?"
Sam prepared the spell for Eileen first, despite Dean's impatience."You had time to say goodbye," he rebuked him. "All I got was an unfinished message".
"Hey, it's cool, man. Was she pretty?" Dean asked eating his cake.
"He won't kill her" Castiel answered in a calm voice. " Father won't let this happen."
To his own amusement, he witnessed his brother considering about it. "You think? Cas has probably met the real Santa... that's not exactly what I -"
They drove over the location Dean and Cas would be. Sonia fidgeted when she realised this wouldn't be a house. "What's here?"
"Sam. Jack. Both of you. Out. I need to speak with him." Sam exchanged a worried glance with Jack and nodded. "We're... gonna be in the war room. Not far. I'll be hearing everything" he stated before he walked away with the Nephilim.
Dean paused and stroked his shoulder. "I respect that... either way... soon we'll have them both home!"
"We don't know how to make it sleep. Yet. But we will. That's all it wants" Dean whispers.
"Of course not!" I exclaimed loudly. The man was staring at me, interested. "I'm surprised, that's all... my brother was always so... open about his sexuality. I thought he was... y'know..." I shrugged. "I don't judge. We're both pieces of the same pie" I smirked, winking at him. He smiled shyly, staring down on the floor.
He started moving on me, pinning me to the bed with his hands. I was incapable of moving and I was loving it. I was watching him staring at me lustfully, moving his hips, using me as he liked and I was fucking loving it.
Dean shook his head. When all the ingredients for the spell had been gathered, Dean recited the psalm while Sam began to mix the ingredients. Suddenly, the rift opened; it was all jet black inside.
"Okay. I'll inform the Chief about my moves from now on. I'll stop going to the club. I should get into their headquorters, I need an insider of their plans and minds..."
"I don't want you to judge me too quickly..." he said. "My family lives in Russia now, I stayed here to go to college or that's what I was supposed to do. My family is really poor but my parents insisted on college. When I ran out of money, a guy in my class offered me a job. What I did though..." he bursted into tears. I pulled him into my arms again and stroked his hair. He kept talking.
"Dean?"
Sam had turned 19 a few weeks ago. Joannah and Dee were seated on the table, eating the dinner Joannah made; spaghetti a la pesto, to celebrate her daughter's hunt. Sam wasn't in the mood for dinner, her stomach was tight like a knot. She approached the table and sat on her mother's side.
Cas rolls his eyes and huffs. “I think I’m being followed” he blurted out. “Do you?”
Ada turned to Cas. “And this is?”
"Anna was right about you" Azrael hummed, leaning closer to Dean. "You're reckless and careless and extremely, unbearably pretty" she beamed, licking her lips.
"Dean I can't - I mean I can't... Dean I think..."
Dean smiles and kisses his lips. "You believe that you won't see again the guy whose virginity was taken by you?" he tries to make a joke.
"Jesus." Cas mutters, swallowing hard. Dean was a sight for sore eyes; Castiel stared at his naked chest through the coat. Dean was truly magnificent.
When they pulled back, Cas softly stroked Dean's cheek looking sadly into his eyes.
"Shh... this has happened to us before, hasn't it? We'll make it... I'm sure there's a spell that..."
He heard Dean squealing from the other side of the phone.
“That’s suspicious. Thank you boys. I’ll handle it from here. You’re dismissed.”
"You're crazy! What are you trying to do by spoiling everything?" Thomas was screaming, probably the whole household was hearing him, in the middle of the night. He was asleep, when he suddenly needed some water so he walked downstairs to take some and eavedropped his sister talking about "stopping the wedding". He stepped in, starting to yell and curse.
"You should have thought about it earlier..." he looked at me lustfully and leading me over the bedroom. I laughed.
There he was; his voice sounded like angelic bells to Dean's ears. Son of a bitch. Dean's eyes filled with tears. "Angel..." Dean rushed to him and hugged the angel close to his chest. "An idiot, such an idiot... why did you do that? You didn't even think I might die? You killed me inside, you made me feel... like nothing."
Cas leans and presses his lips against Dean's. "You're the most selfless, the most adoring, the most idiotic human ape I've ever had the honor to meet"
They kept kissing for some time, their lips locked together; Cas was holding onto Dean like he was his anchor.
"I don't like it in here." Castiel frowned as he and Dean walked into "Lusty Leopard", the biggest strip club in the city. The angel was looking around anxiously. Dean could see it in his thoughts, they were reeking with stress and panic. "I think I'm having a strange deja vu, as you humans call it"
Uriel nodded and stepped closer to Cas, ignoring Anna completely. "I'm sure you and God will be very disappointed when this Winchester kid fail."
"Cut the crap, Dean, I've Ruby over here."
"Yes. You better" Sam growled in a harsh tone.
"You weren't really specific on those messages, Dean." Sam admitted. "What did you do?"
When Dean opened it, sleepy, with his night robe on, Castiel leaned into his arms crying. Dean pulled him inside and closed the door.
Cas hummed and leaned into his lover’s arms.
After an orgy of drinks, women and killings, Sam sat back on the table with the other demons, chuckling uncontrollably. Alistair was right, eventually. Being a Knight of Hell was fun.
Hope this was a quite satisfying ending!
"That's not the point, Sam" he whispered. "How I feel towards him…that's not our point."
Castiel hadn't much interaction with John Shelby. All he knew about him was that he liked cocaine, women and alcohol. He had also met his wife, Esme, who Cas especially adored. Esme was a nice and funny woman; she was addicted to coke as well but she particularly enjoyed visiting him during work hours and keep him company or help him. Esme was indeed lovely.
"On the bathroom, naked, under a demon's trap, which is on the ceiling. I can say, that's not the most delightful thing to see in the morning and I've seen many nice things." Sam listened Dean signing.
Castiel wiped a tear off his eye and smiled at his boyfriend. He snapped his fingers and the angel body was gone.
Castiel was born in St. Petersburg, in a huge estate; his father was extremely wealthy, working as a merchant, with his own company. His mother was a teacher. She kept working at the local school, teaching English to the Russian kids.
"Stab him in the shoulder." He whispered. "It will exorcise the demon"
That exact moment, when Dean and Cas intruded into the dead-of-people bar, Sam didn't even moved. Hell, he didn't even blinked.
We were kissing like it was our last day on planet earth. He was all over me, his clothes all off, rubbing his dick all over mine. Oh shit.
Cas nodded. “Of course… hell we can even marry there!”
"I'm a demon, you fool, how could I be related to you?"
"I'm not him, Cas. I saved you because that's what anyone would have done. I love you" I hugged and kissed him vehemently. "I love you and I'm sorry for everything"
“What?” Castiel yelled and slapped Dean’s chest. “You waited for a week to tell me? Oh god…” he jumped off the counter. “Is there anything you need to tell me?”
Both sisters had nothing in common in their appearances: Sam was tall, with long brown hair which were dyed magenda from middle to ends. Her nose was tiny and her lips were thin. She had a few cute moles on her face and she was mostly skinny.
Dean blushed and smiled at the gangster in front of him. "Thank you Sir".
Castiel bit his lip. "Like every other woman does feeds her children, my Dean. With your breasts."
Dean shuts him up with a kiss. "Shit, you're killing the mood, man"
Dean sighed. "He left. We had a fight and…he left"
I was returning back home now. I was happy, I'd be back to my family, even if we were broken. My parents were divorced; dad left mom for another woman. She was living with Sammy when I felt for the Army.
That night I made love to him the whole fucking night. I kissed all his wounds, I tried to put all his pieces together. We were two souls in one body now.
When their faces were close enough, he stared at Dean's lips.
Dean’s eyes were full of tears now. He held Cas’ hand tightly as he heard him talk. Tommy was impressed. “I admire your passion. I’ll miss you too, Dmitri”
Castiel whimpered and held onto the other, moaning at the words whispered in his ear. "Yes please... yes I need this... please do so..."
"Well…" he said in a hesitantly voice "Υou don't seem to like me a lot."
“Shh… It’s going to be alright.” Dean confirmed and covered them with the blankets. “Good night Cas…”
Dean held his hands and kissed them. "You won't lose me, Cas. Ever. If you ever asked me, we'd go back to Russia in a heartbeat. I'll do anything to keep you safe, I'd do anything you asked... tell me how can I help you to solve this mess?"
I was looking at him confused while he was putting my stuff into the cupboard.
Sam looked both of them, smirking. "It's true." Castiel answered and nodded. "I was in Heaven with Father and suddenly I fell in this body, with no idea where my vessel is."
“You don’t know shit about me, Mr Shelby.” Cas intervened. “Did you ever thought that the cops you pay are only loyal to the crown? Did even occurred to you that the cops you think yours only belong to the Police Force? No cops are yours, Shelby. Moss was always a cop first. He’s telling you what we want you to know. As for Dean” he turned to look at his lover. “I never used Dean. I never asked him or made him do anything. Everything he did were on his own accord. And he knows that. As for me… I’ll quit this case… I’ll leave, I’ll go back to my homeland. Everything I know… I won’t ever tell another soul. I’d never bring Dean down, Thomas. He’s my only reason to live…”
"Jesus, Sammy, snap out of it?" Finn waved his hands in front of him, trying to get his attention. Sam seemed mesmerized. Finn eventually grabbed him by his hand and tugged him outside, staring apologetically at Castiel's direction. "See you around, Dmitri!"
After he and Dean separated, Cas flew to Heaven. There it was peaceful and calm, with no angels around buzzing nervously. He wanted to know what happened to his vessel, why it was away from him. He went straight to the Vessels' Department Office, where a tiny little angel greeted him politely. "Hello, Castiel. It is nice to see you back at your vessel."
Joaquin sighed. It was just like with Grace, all over again.
Sam shot him his bitchface and pouted. "You killed my brother 100 times in front of me. And now what. You wanna screw with my head?"
Sam took in a deep breath, thinking what she wanted to tell her; it wasn't a request, it was a announcement. She was accepted in Berkeley College of California, with the highest GPA in her grade. She wanted to be a doctor, to help people and heal them. She wasn't exactly sure which specialty she wanted to do the most, but she knew she wanted to help people.
"First" Castiel answered "we need to find my old vessel. This one is…" he hesitated, pointing at himself. "Uncomfortable."
Dean hung up the phone and rested his head on the couch's pillows. Well, the angel was right. He was pregnant, Bobby confirmed it. Even though Dean didn't told him about that, it was true. Dean Winchester was pregnant. He touched his belly softly, rubbing it comfortably. He felt two little kicks on the spot his hand was. He smiled.
"Do you have any theories, Sam?" Jack asked.
After a fucking week I could surely state that I was back to being a fucking teenager. I was feeling blushy and upset all the fucking time because of him! When I met Sammy that day I returned, he welcomed me back, hugging me. He was so happy! His dog, which Sam of course took him to work with him, jumped on me, licking all over my face.
Dean winked. "I'd never cheat on my boyfriend, Sammy, you know that."
Castiel stood up immediately and looked at the mirror. Who the hell was that man and why he had his body? Last time he checked, he was inside Jimmy Novak, a righteous man who had given him his body as a vessel. This new body was a bit uncomfortable for the Angel. The man was older and taller than Jimmy was, he had brown hair and eyes and had an arrogant expression on his face.
Dean didn't answered.
Castiel lowered himself until he floored to the ground, still invisible. He saw Sam's figure into a tiny apartment. He wasn't alone. A demon was with him. He flied to the window, trying to hear better what they were saying.
They heard the honk of the car waiting for them. Dean grabbed his hat and rushed behind Sammy, taking in a breath. He wished there was enough whiskey so he'd be able to cope.
One of the girls, a busty blonde with big blue eyes approached Dean. "So you must be agent Hardy hm?
Dean was stuck with Thomas Shelby and his wife and also a pair of the most weird people Dean had ever met in his life; Tommy had introduced him to his partner, Alfie Solomons and his step-brother, Benny Lafitte. Both men were bulk and heavy, with beards and black hats. "Salom" both men barked, with their deep voices. Dean noticed Alfie giving him a wink and felt weird; he wasn't used to other men liking him, except Cas of course. Dean wasn't open about his sexuality entirely. The moment he and Cas had sex was like a revelation to him, but he wasn't sure he'd be able to label himself just yet. He was sure he liked Cas, for starters. And nothing else mattered that moment. Where the hell was Cas, by the way?
isn’t the same thing as trying a
Dean moans, trying to nod his assent the best he can with a cock in his mouth, but one of his hands twitches towards his cock anyway, wanting to relieve the built-up
is leaking precome into his clothes because of Dean and it’s all a little much for his brain-
Ah. There it is.
ruin the paint job, when he shifts his hips up and starts hitting Cas’s prostate, so he doesn’t need to move anyway. He can tell because Cas starts being loud again, moans increasing in pitch and volume as Dean has to tug him up, kiss him to keep him quiet, while Cas’s noises still tumble into his mouth.
He only just gets barely a finger on it when Cas pulls his cock completely out of Dean’s mouth suddenly, having spotted Dean’s wandering hand, startling the hunter. Cas has only pulled out long enough to deliver twin slaps to both of Dean’s cheeks, a warning, before he’s sliding his cock back in to a very lax mouth.
Dean notices, but his stance doesn’t change, stays completely relaxed. “You don’t want that.”
“If the next words out of your mouth, aren’t begging, I’m going to jerk off and come all over your ass and leave you here,” Dean smoothly interrupts, tone matter-of-fact.
Soft and unsure turns into harder and very sure as instinct takes over and Dean tilts his head, slotting his mouth just right against Cas’s and moving his lips, creating soft wet sounds in the quiet of the room they’re in. It’s perfectly still, and Dean would love to take his time, but he knows they’re on a time limit and Cas has a goal.
Dean raises his head, looking at Cas with an incredulous expression. “What?”
Cas tries to bat his hands away, half-formed arguments about the fact that he’s supposed to be cleaning the bathroom spilling out of his mouth but not quite making it, as Dean’s discovered that whenever he pushes against Cas’s cock, it short-circuits the angel’s brain and negates whatever he was about to say. Then his shirt is open, heaving chest revealed, and Cas is almost sure that now that he’s human, he can feel things even more, sensitivity heightened as one of Dean’s plays with a hard nipple.
and nudging his way between Cas’s thighs, pressing the head of his cock gently at Cas’s entrance, just to watch him inhale and close his eyes in anticipation.
Dean stands up abruptly, needing to get some of this anxious energy out before he explodes, thoughts running wild through his mind. He wipes his hand on the thighs of his jeans, avoiding eye contact with Cas, who he’s sure is staring into his soul with that usual piercing gaze of his. He’s having trouble formulating his thoughts long enough to get them out, but he manages, “That was- that was one time, for a girl I liked, and it’s one of the few things I’ve never told anyone, the one thing that would get future me not to shoot
“I’m playing along,” Dean hisses in a quieter voice, before continuing, “I’m sure this is where the order came from. You got money for the pizzas?”
Then Dean is nudging Cas’s hips up with his hands so he can get to his pants, undoes them, pulls them down. And now he can see just the barest hints of red on Cas’s ass, and he can’t help but land a smack on one of his cheeks, the sharp pain making the angel cry out, skin-to-skin contact a lot different than what he felt before.
“It’s not- you don’t- I’m-“ Cas stutters out, trying to defend himself, but it doesn’t work.
Not that Dean reveals any of that, eyes hooded as he settles his hand back on the base of Cas’s cock and his mouth around the head, just creating suction as he teases the other. The contact makes Cas moan, still plenty sensitive from being pushed to the edge earlier, and despite the minimal points of contact, the wetness and grip around his cock is getting him close again, breath coming in short pants as his eyes flutter closed.
As he looks up at the night sky, Dean realizes he could scream himself hoarse and no one would respond. No one responded to Sam’s prayers, after all, and the only angel who’s cool with Dean is Castiel, who can’t do anything to help.
, ends up staring at Cas’s back, tenseness obvious enough even through the trench coat. At least, he likes to think he’s known Cas long enough to recognize Cas’s moods.
right so his hard cock rubs against the fabric of his underwear, and a breathy moan comes out instead.
“I know, babe,” Dean replies, eyes hooded as he watches the way Cas’s hand grips his cock, and the rarely-used nickname has Cas arching his back, working himself closer to coming in his underwear with the way his cock feels against the fabric.
“Cas.”
“Dean,” Cas responds, not turning from the window.
“Stop, I’m getting there,” Dean grumbles, but it’s only half-hearted, as now he can
“Go ahead, I know you want to,” Dean says after a long moment, and Cas hesitates, looking up at Dean with confusion, making sure he’s actually allowed to touch himself. When Dean doesn’t say anything, Cas reaches a hand down, palms the outside of his underwear and lets out a throaty groan at the pleasure that shoots down his spine at the touch.
Cas sighs, ignores the jab. Guess he’ll have to get Dean back the hard way. He circles Dean, who doesn’t move, eyes following the angel around. There’s a moment where Cas pauses, and they’re just looking at each other.
It makes Dean want to stick his cock right in, fill the angel up with his cock instead of his fingers and hear Cas keep making that noise, but he teases him just for a bit instead, scissoring his fingers and twisting them, searching for-
"Heya, Sammy. Missed me?"
While in his room's safety, Dean locked the door and sighed. "Look I... if I knew I would have planned it better... I mean... we could possibly be on a drive in my car and-"
Castiel was devastated; despite the fact that he needed to see Dean again, to feel him against his body, he wanted to find some clues on his case. Some clues that would prove that the Shelbys were criminals. Until now, Mr Shelby and his gang had escaped all the traps Major Cambell had set for them. But Castiel wasn't Campell; he was more capable of find a weak spot and crash them from the inside out.
Also I add Finn as a character because I think he needs more attention!
He let Willa hold his hand and drag him in the back rooms. She knocked on a door and let him in. "Have fun! Also tell handsome agent I said hi!"
All Dean could think about while he drove to meet Sam and Jack was one word; gone. He's gone. The angel, after he confessed his true feelings about him, just disappeared, let the Empty take him, like he didn't cared if Dean would survive after this or not. Dean hated him for this; he hated him, because how could he drop a bomb like this and then... Dean shivered. He couldn't even wrap his head around...this. He hoped Sam had an idea. He hoped Sam would help him...
"You bloody bastard…" Dean muttered, between his sobs. "Why you did this?"
Castiel squints, not understanding what was so funny. "Yes."
"Your body is perfect... I can't stop staring at you all those weeks you live with us... If you lived back in ancient years, Praxiteles might chizel you instead of Hermes".
"Or he'll return me back to where I was from. Back on the streets. Back to my pimps."Cas gave me a look of entreaty, begging me to save him.
"Yes, indeed" Castiel nodded, sceptically. "Where's Esme?" he looked around John, hoping he'd spot her.
Castiel swallowed hard. “Was he mad?”
They jumped on the horse and galloped over the Police Station. Hopefully, the Chief would be there. Cas ran inside, with Dean by his side.
"D-Dean... why are you dressed up like... like Santa Claus? You know you look more like... B-Black Peter and not S-Santa?" Castiel uttered through his teeth. Jesus, this human would be the death of him.
How could he answer that question? How could he tell them that Cas was gone, for good this time? And that he did nothing to protect the angel, his all these years protector?
While Dean continued crying in the arms of his brother, who was trying to comfort him, Jack looked around in wonder. "Have you noticed that there are no people around?"
Where is Castiel? Sam thought. But he couldn't worry about Angel's location now. He had to face a bigger crisis inside this room.
"Oh I can't" the angel shakes her head. "I can't do this. She's the only one who can erase the curse. I'm just the executer."
"Weakey weakey, princess, how was your beauty sleep?"
"Look at me, Dean" he demanded. When the hunter stared, Cas smiled faintly. "We'll get him back. You hear me? We'll get him back." Dean nodded and hugged him tight, his eyes getting watery immediately.
Eileen told them "good luck" with signs and Sam nodded. "Bring the bastard home"
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He knew very well what he wanted. "You told me to call you when I'm ready to… To have sex with you. I'm ready angel. But…" Dean's eyes fell on the blanket which covered his swollen belly. "I won't do it just because I've to. I'll do it because I want to. I want you. The other day, the day we kissed… I needed that Castiel. All those days you're gone I miss you, I pray to you to come back-"
Sam walked upstairs, head down.  Dean watched him leave and didn’t regret his words, not even once. He felt so much hate. So Cas was right; they were indeed been followed. Dean would have a little talk with Mr Shelby. Τhings had to be clarified.
We got our stuff and left. Cas wanted us to take Bones, too. I tried to talk him out of it, but his big doe eyes always convinced me.
When they reached a city, Castiel asked if it’d be a good idea to stay in a motel for the night; the needs of their vessels were consuming them. They had the need to sleep, despite the lack of period. They had the need to eat, despite the lack of peeing. They were separated from mere human needs but food, drink and sleep were vital for the human, who they were hosting in their body and the angels themselves. Tomorrow they’d look for the Winchesters. They checked into a motel, paying for two single beds. The internal voice of Cassandra informed her about the money the human was pocketing into her wallet. Castiel found out that humans had to pay,  so they’d buy food and other essentials. She ordered two trays of food for both of them and breakfast in the morning.
They were fucking every night. Every. Damn. Night. I couldn't sleep. How was Sammy able to be that...capable while he was working nearly 12 hours every day? I was impressed.
"Where is your brother Dean?" Castiel asked innocently, like he didn't noticed Dean's question. "I thought you were keep an eye on him."
Dean listened the flutter of wings and the heat of Castiel's breath on the back of his neck. Sam stood up immediately and shook his head to Castiel's direction, greeting him. "Um… I'm gonna give you some privacy, okay?"
The angel obligated and pushed in, feeling Dean's legs wrapping around his waist. He kissed down his neck, biting, licking, guided by his instinct.
"You started it" Sam shrugged and looked at her. "Would you do me the honor and tell me what the fuck is going on?"
"There's a traitor among the Shelbys" Castiel said quickly. "An undercover cop. He's giving information to the police. You should make Thomas understand that life is not all roses. Somebody's betraying him."
Sam giggled and held Eileen's hand as they entered the car.
"Uhm, sorry..." the other man blushed as he held Cas steadily by his shoulders. The tall boy seemed young, around 18 or less, he had emerald piercing eyes and sleeked-back hair. His burgundy red tie got Castiel's attention; that was his favorite shade of red.
"I said that I love you, Dean." Castiel confessed. "Those Enochian things I was screaming through my orgasm was a confession. A confession of love. I love you, Dean Winchester."
"Not to offend you, my lady it's just... I'd feel safer... if it was just Mr Shelby present... if that's okay?" Dean stuttered; Polly Gray always gave him the chills.
Tommy frowned. "I told you to call me Thomas, boy"
Castiel blushed and stroked the babies' heads lovingly. The babies had pushed away Dean's breasts and were about to sleep, yawning adorably. Dean smiled and held them both in his embrace.
"Anna." he whispered. "What are you doing here?"
"You're heaven" Dean whispered against his lips, holding his face. "When I imagine myself happy, it's with you. I'm sorry we wasted so much time..."
Castiel groaned and rolled his hips. "More Dean. More."
It was almost 5am when they finally fell asleep. Castiel was aching all over his body but he didn't cared much at this point. He woke up an hour or so later and stretched, his bones popping oh so deliciously. Ugh, that felt good. He smiled as he watched Dean; his beautiful lips were half open, his chest slowly moving up and down. It was a view for sore eyes. Castiel would easily imagine himself waking up next to this for the rest of his life... When he got tired of watching Dean, he stood up, grabbing a shirt of Dean's and wearing it on his slim frame, walking downstairs, wanting to prepare some tea or something.
Cas growled and felt Dean's fist pumping him fast until he came as well. Then, he carried his lover to the bed, where they laid together. "Thank you, Santa's assistant". Castiel whispered softly and kissed Dean's freckled nose. "That was a nice gift"
I'm sure I wanna kill somebody and get somebody raped but I'm not sure who and by whom (I'm certain I want it to be Cas but I'm not sure who's gonna be the rapist, Sam maybe? because he's envious of his relationship with Dean? because Cas doesn't want him and Sam get obsessed? or maybe because of tommy? after finding out cas is the traitor, he gets Sam and Finn  to do it but things end badly, since both boys feel things about cas? I'm not sure!)
Cas swinged his hips slowly, gasping; this new angle was hitting his insides in all the right ways.
And with that he lifted him up against a wall, pining him there with his weight, kissing him deeply. "Want me to fuck you like this, Cas? Hard and fast and dirty? Would your naughty self like this?"
He was unnerved, staring at me until I calmed down. He squinted and walked over me. He was so fucking pretty! He was wearing that amazing robe and I wanted to jumb him... Every second I wasn't, I was impressed with my self control.
The cop nodded his head slowly. "I see. I still need someone to testify that this story of yours is true..."
"Do you mind sharing?" He heard the voice and widened his eyes as he saw a naked Dean walking in carefully, holding his enormous belly. "Why you left bed?"
He loved Dean, he loved him much. Now he knew all the levels of love and intimation people experienced and he was happy to know more about it. He loved Dean's body, the feeling of his hands on the soft skin, the feeling of his mouth on Dean's body. He wanted to do that again. He needed to do that again.
Suddenly, Dean's anger flied away. He forgot all reasons he was angry with Sam and hugged his little brother tighter. Tears started to fall from his own eyes too.
Dean sighed as he held Cas close. "Okay so... can you help us? Any ideas?"
Castiel looked back, prying casually his shoulders. "You tortured innocent souls to get outta here."He answered in a calm voice.
"What is it?" Dean whispered, frowning too. "I'm gonna die again, am I not?" Cas looked up at him and stood up, the frown on his face going deeper if that was possible.
"Let's go home."
Soon the videocall ended and Cas leaned closer to Dean's chest. "You won't get mad if I go alone hm?" the angel asks, fluttering his eyelashes.
"Stop! Please, stop!" I heard Cas screaming. Whatever Sam was doing, he didn't stopped. I saw him, from a crack of the door, hitting Cas  on his face, his belly... that was the moment I chose to interfere.
Suddenly I felt like my whole body was on fire. Ignoring Castiel, who was trying to restrain me, I headed for the living room, where my brother was sitting on the couch sipping a bottle of whiskey.
He looked at Dean apologetically as he stabbed himself. Dean screamed looking at him and walked over them quickly. Cas irrigated his angel blade with his own blood as Dean was watching, shocked and terrified. New tears were streaming down his face. Cas handed him the blade.
It wasn't like he was jealous, no. He didn't want to make out or grind down with anyone since Ruby died. Not that Ruby's death affected him much but he hadn't felt a strong feeling since Jess died. And it kinda ached his heart seeing his brother so happy while every woman he was sleeping ended up dead. Or worse.
“Samuel Winchester” Dean growled, while Sam was rubbing his eyes sleepily. “What the fuck did you do?”
Castiel wasn't thinking. He surely wasn't. He should be investigating for the Shelbys... instead... he was fucking with a soon-to-be groom and had no shame about it.
The girl supposed to be Erin raised an eyebrow as she stared the man entering her room. "Castiel?"
"So, what is the reason for the joy of your presense in my house?" Alfie asked. "Benjamin told me it's important -"
The harsh tone of the other terrified Dean. He sat down as he was instructed and looked up at the man; Thomas seemed calm and collected. “Why are you here?”
“Sir!” he yelled. The man looked up at them, rubbing his beard.
Dean loved the feeling of his angel kissing him, holding him, nailing his anus so perfectly. He was moaning and screaming his name as hard as he could, not caring who might hear. He couldn't define how much time it had passed since he felt his climax reaching and he came hard between them, on their stomachs and chests. Cas frowned at the view and Dean chuckled. "It's just come, Cas" he whispered softly and kissed him
Dee sat straighter and frowned down at her lap; her sexuality was always a sensitive topic. "You said you'd forget it and never bring it up again."
The fourth day, both Winchesters were feeling better but Dean was once more complaining that he thought his head was feeling heavier. Sam would tease him about it if Cas and Jack hadn't said the same thing; that they felt their head getting heavier... how was that even possible?
I heard him stroking his hair and taking in a breath while he walked downstairs to greet Sam. I threw all my clothes off and turned the hot water on. I was hearing them talking.
Both women agreed and a door opened; Castiel’s nostrils welcomed the fresh scent of flowers and leather and motor oil. That scent was coming from the woman being the steering wheel…
Dean thought his ears were ringing. What the fuck was he saying. "You're joking. Yup, that's it. You're not very funny Cas."
Dean was an easy person to live with. He was funny and brave, a true lion in Godric Gryffindor's House. His younger brother, Sam, was at Ravenclaw; a little smartass with some smart mouth and smart brain, loving reading and math. Sam was a great geek and both Cas and Dean were laughing at him, but Sam didn't bothered. The three of them were hanging around Hogwarts, the golden trio. But, Dean was always Castiel's favorite one.
Castiel soon could push his whole fist into his ass. Hopefully his ex, Trevor, had helped with that. He thought of him and rolled his eyes; they got their separated ways not under good circumstances but Cas wouldn't ever give a shit. He stood up and kneeled before the guy, taking his dick into his mouth, his wide, doe-like blue eyes staring into the other's.
"You're alive!" Sam hugged him tightly. Oh, how relieved Dean felt. He held onto Sam's body and cried, his body slumbing, shaking with whines of pain and sobs. He felt like shit. How could he? Why didn't he do anything? Why didn't he hugged Cas, protect him with his own body? How stupid he was. He should have done something for the angel, after he had sacrificed his life so many times for Dean. He should have. He should have...
"So, you don't believe I should be dragged out of Hell…" he started.
"Alright" Dean stood up and approached Castiel. "I can't sleep. What about some research for your lost vessel, Cas, are you in?"
"What are you looking at, freak?" she asked. Her eyes were wide in happiness. "You'll lose him, Dean. You will lose him and he will come with us. Sam will rebel against you. He will follow us soon."
"They weren't your siblings, Sam" Cas muttered calmly. "He is."
"Come in!" the deep, throaty voice of the Chief urged him to enter. Castiel walked inside slowly, biting his lip uneasily. The man in front of him smiled kindly.
Dean laughed and shook his head. "I don't care about hookers... and no. Tommy would never allow this on his birthday party."
Castiel was a troubled kid. His father, Ivan Novak and his mother, Sarah moved to Russia before Castiel was born. His mother was American and accepted to follow her husband back to his homeland. Castiel took the name of an angel and spoke Russian since he was able to speak. His mother also taught him English but they all kept talking Russian at home; Castiel would speak Russian to his mother whenever they spoke on the phone.
"You're a Shelby, and I'm the patriarch of this family. As long as you live under my roof, you do as I say" Tommy answered harshly. "I'm done with you and your attidute, sister. You get married tomorrow or get the fuck out of my house."
Dean approached him and hugged him. “My love. Everything is going to be alright…” Cas leaned into his arms and decided to trust his lover.
I raised my glance and finally saw his face.
"Good" he said, "Cause I wanna feel you inside of me. Sam will be late tonight... he's got Bones with him..." he winked. I knew what this meant. When Sam "was taking Bones at work", he was walking him later, which meant that he'd be late. And I could do anything I wanted on that lecherous body of his fiance...
Dean smiled and closed his eyes. "Good" he whispered and drifted off, more relaxed than he had ever felt in years, surrounded by his little but important happiness.
He pushed his red Santa pants down and Castiel left a tiny moan; Dean was naked underneath. "You came prepared, didn't you?" he asked.
"We would meet at the same spot we first met and Sam followed me over the burrow me and the other whores were living at. When Sam tried to free us all, my pimp found out. He asked Sam to leave, he was armed. The gun backfired and we buried it, among with my pimp, far away. But Sam's fingerprints were all over the gun. We took the money we found and drove off. I also shared the money with the other guys we were working together. Me and Sam bought this house and I continued my studies at college. I owe you my whole life" he stared at Sam.  He walked over him and stroked his cheek.
Dean smirked and pushed away a strand of hair which was in front of Castiel's eyes. "Good. 'Cause I'm a joy to be around"
"And now what do we do?" I looked at him, waiting for an answer.
Cas' frown got deeper and he pulled Dean's face closer to his. "I want you, Dean. More than anything. Why would you say that?"
Dean was trying to turn on his angel by kissing his body up and down, wet and open mouthed. He wanted to have sex so bad, as bad as he craved food in his current state. He needed to have sex with his angel, he needed to feel him inside of him, to feel his strong hands wrapped around him, his hot breath on his skin-
Later, they’d lay down on the grass and Dean would come above him, kiss his body and make love to him. Indeed, Cas’ favorite moments.
I couldn't hold my thoughts back. I didn't even knew him and there he was, affecting me and he didn't even knew shit about it!
"Dean. Good morning" he whispered, raising his eyes from his task in hand. "Close the door behind you, please, we're not opened yet"
The day they parted was painfull; the yells and screams still ringed in her ears, whenever she wanted to dial Dee's number. She wanted to, but she was so angry; Dee did nothing to help her. Dee always obeyed mommy. Dee did everything she could to be good and obedient and loyal. She never disobeyed Joannah. Not even the night Sam left.
When the rift closed behind them, Dean screamed with joy. He hugged the angel and gave him a kiss on his lips. His kiss was so demanding... He thrusted his tongue into the angel's mouth and pulled him close to him. He wasn't interested in the whistles and the coughing he heard from the others in the room.
"What present are you going to take him?" Sam asked while they wandered around, Dean looking sceptically over a jewelery shop. "I was thinking maybe a book or something useful? I know guys don't get fancy gifts to each other."
When they reached the estate, Dean paid the cabman and helped Cas carry their bags. A beautiful young girl approached them, curious. “Hello sir?” she asked in English. “Do I know you?” she tilted her head, confused, almost as adorably as Castiel did. Cas smiled. She was a beautiful young woman. She was brunette, with bright blue eyes, similar to their father’s, long wavy dark brown hair and a restrained smile. The dress she was wearing was so bright, matching her eyes. Cas bended his head and offered his hand.
"I'm not Nick or whatever your husband is named. I'm an Angel of the Lord and I have a mission to perform…"
Dean felt his cock was on fire; he felt it stirring at the view of his angel pinning him under his weight. Dean moved his manhood inside Cas and urged him to move.
Dean grinned and nodded, kissing his forehead. "Love you too, Cas. Sorry it took me so long"
Dean looked up at the guy; he felt his cheeks flush and his pants getting really tight...
"Okay then." Dean nodded. "Why God asked you to watch on us?"
Dean nodded, huffing. He pated the spot next to him, meaning he wanted Cas to sit there.
Next morning, Sam stood up and stretched. Her joints popping up and cracking; sleeping on the couch wasn't good for her waist. She rubbed her eyes, last night's events rushing into her mind. She grabbed her phone and tried to call Dee; the phone wasn't in use anymore. Then she saw it; the little piece of paper on the coffee table. She took it and read Dee's number with her name beneath. With a deep breath in, she called the number.
"So, you want to work here, as a bartender?" Tommy looked the guy all over; he seemed tough and uptight and maybe a little bit of sassy for his tastes. He needed a trusted person in the bar, listening but not talking much, someone who would keep their secrets. "Are you capable of keeping the secrets of this bar between these four walls?"
They laid got inside the house, smiling. Still young, but not perfect.
Castiel rolled his eyes but he remained there, mentally ordering Gabriel to make Dean's breakfast. But Gabriel was so lost in his hunter's embrace, after a night of hot sex, he barely noticed him. Castiel sighed and waved his hand, a disc of delicious breakfast appearing in front of Dean. Dean smiled brightly, like a little kid and looked up at Castiel. "Thank you. They seem amazing" he whispers enchanted and started eating.
Castiel zapped away as fast as he could, after the incident at the bunker with Dean. Of course it was a sweet moment between them but… He couldn't have taken advantage of the poor guy! Dean was controlled by his human emotions and hormones so Cas should have backed off. Instead he almost… had sex with him! Cas sighed as he sat on the sand, at a beach somewhere far away. He thought Dean might be angry with him for being so weak and vulnerable. Castiel loved Dean with all his grace and also the twins in his belly as well, he loved everything Dean loved. He closed his eyes and tried to distract himself by the sound of the waves hitting on the beach.
Dean let out a smothered laugh while Sam rolled his eyes. "How did you get here?"
"Dean? Oh my God, put it away!" Sam protested as the elder Winchester put his penis in his pants, blushing. "You-You came earlier?" Dean asked, trying to avoid Sam's gaze. Sam nodded and threw his backpack on the floor. "The hunt was easy and also I needed to take care of you"
Dean smirked. "Yes?" he lifted him up and laid him in bed, crawling on top of him.
She fumbled a little in her little purse and took out another piece of parchment. "Whoever told you you couldn't invade the Empty obviously wasn't aware of what magic could do," she winked conspiratorially.
I smiled, agreeing. That was our life now: Sex, adoration, love, need. I held his hand. "Forever, Cas."
Castiel smiled and leaned back to Dean, enjoying his warmth. He had miss this, he had missed him. "Hi" he whispered into Dean's ear, kissing his lobe. "Wanna get out of here? Please I need this... I've been missing you..."
Castiel touched Jimmy's forehead, making him opening his eyes. He smiled warmly at the man.
That morning, as I opened my eyes, I knew it'd be the first day of the rest of my life. I was returning home from the Army, I wouldn't live with 30 sholdiers anymore. I wouldn't spill any more blood, I wouldn't witness another massacre.
My jaw had officially fallen to the floor.
"Alright, that's all" Thomas dismissed him. "Just make sure to wear something classy." he winked.
I coughed.
Dean widened his eyes as he looked at Castiel; that wasn't going according to the plan. They were supposed to come clean to Alfie and beg him to help them homehow. Castiel though decided to lie once more, instead. Dean wished Castiel knew what he was doing.
Their love making was something neither of them had ever imagined. Dean was sweet and tender with his angel, kissing him in every part of his body, leaving his love marks. At first, Castiel let him have the upper hand. When he felt comfortable, he turned them over and climbed into his lap. "Hello, Dean".
"I don't think so, miss Nudeness." he answered playfully. Then, he quickly called Dean.
The smile that Alfie gave them caused chills all over Dean's spine. "What's in it for me?"
Sam made a face when he saw Dean's neck. "Nice mark."
The blond man smirked. "Would you like me even if I was ugly, Cas?"
Dean was cut off by Cas' lips on his own. The angel was pushing him on the bed, covering him with the blankets. "I know Dean" he whispered. "I want it too. I love you, human. I loved you for so many years."
Dean moved inside him gently, feeling his sides being wrapped between Cas' thighs. His eyes were locked on Cas', who was whispering soft things so only Dean could hear.
He stood up, quickly pulling my underwear and pants up and pushing me into the corridor.  "Bathroom. Turn the water on. Now!"
Castiel watched with terror as the man stroked his thigh. “It wasn’t that wise of my brother… nice things should be shared…” he bit his lip as he watched Castiel’s naked body.
Dean grinned down at him and grabbed his hand, tugging him outside, not caring who might see. The roads were empty so they walked into the streets, hand by hand, smiling, laughing loudly, over Dean's place. Dean was living in a small house close to the Shelbys, a few blocks away from the Garrison. It was a nice white building, two floors and a garden. He unlocked the door and walked in, Cas behind him. He giggled as he told him to be quiet.
"Good morning, Dean. I was just looking at Chuck's moves. He completely ignores the fact Cas is alive. He can't see us anymore."
Dean shook his head. "N-No... I... I did something... a soon-to-be married man shouldn't have done"
"Good morning" The angel smiled down his mate and stroked his hair. "What do you need now Dean?"
He also forgot to mention his roommate was that hot.
Dean heard the door of the car opening and some soft feet approaching him. "Dean?" He turned to face a Cas on clothes, his eyes still sleepy, his hair messed up from last night, his tie hanging loosely on his chest. "Is everything okay?"
Dean immediately turned back to face Castiel's beautiful blue eyes. He couldn't stand this anymore. His flesh was heated, his heart was drumming on a crazy rhythm. He stood up from the chair he was sitting for almost an hour and approached the black-haired angel.
The lights on the hallway turned on and Polly Gray appeared in front of them, eyeing them suspiciously. Ada looked at Pol and closed her eyes, leaving a long, happy sigh.
The demon smiled seductively. "For me." She said and grabbed his face, kissing him. Then, she put her wrist to his mouth. He sat on the bed, with her on top of his body.
Castiel read Dean's projected thoughts and huffed. "That's it. I know you wanna go and see that girl. If you want to go and screw with a random stripper just say so!" The angel wasn't even aware of the rest of Dean's train of thought, just hearing the girl's name in Dean's head was enough for him. He stood up and wore a pair of Dean's jeans and a shirt and a pair of shoes he found on the floor. He also grabbed Dean's jacket and his FBI budge and ignored Dean's longing stare as he watched him leave.
Dean woke up with a wide grin on his face, but his angel wasn't beside him. He looked around, even his clothes were at the same spot where they had thrown them last night. Last night…
until then xoxo
My grip tightened on the sheets, trying to remain collected. Fuck, I wanted him so much! His eyes were two flaming orbs while he was trying to get comfortable on his armchair, his own boner making it hard too...
"Hey..." Castiel smiled up at Dean, stroking his face. "Have a nice life, groomie... hope to see you again."
"First of all. We need your lover boy. I can summon her whenever I feel incredible lust or obssesion or sexual tension or love. So if you want this to get over with, call your Winchester."
Cass nodded once. "I want to go to Russia as soon as it's all over. I want to get away from here..."
Thomas frowns. "Explain please?"
He will traumatize his face if he keeps smiling like that, Dean thought.
"You're jealous" Dean smirks, kissing Cas' hand. "I like it" he whispers. "Shall we go to a motel now? I reall need you Cas..."
"Good morning to you too, Skywalker. Do you want some breakfast or the Padawans only drink coffee?"
"Dean… I don't think it is a mistake. What happened… what we did… You make me feel, Dean. Angels weren't supposed to…feel."
Dean (2): Sorry for not answering last night. I know you are worried. I'm with Cas, we found his vessel.
Sam's eyes widened, his mouth hung open. Dean looked down his feet, while a certain female demon was screaming "I knew it!" in the bathroom.
“Oh, Cassie stop whining.” Gabriel giggled as she examined herself. The vessel Gabriel picked was a busty 29-year-old woman; She was quite the opposite of Cassandra. Manoglia Sunders was blond. She had a tiny waist and narrow hips. She was wearing a skin tight pair of jeans, a crop top and a leather jacket. She was a stripper and seemed to be feisty and kind of kinky, so that’s why Gabriel picked her. “We can have some fun!”
Dean nodded and dipped down, kissing his belly, opening his shirt. "Don't worry... I know some things... I've had my experiences... Trust me"
On the other hand, Sam, motivated by his brother's hope, was trying to find a way to bring Eileen back. Where could she be? The Empty? In Heaven? Or in Hell? He begged Jack to take a trip around so they could get a clue on where to look for her...
"Maybe she was a very powerful witch?" Jack offered.
Dean read, in perfect accent. "It means..."
Castiel said in a perfect accent.
"Jeez, I know, stop whining! So, here's the plan - me and Eileen are coming over. You guys are our back up. I get inside and Eileen comes with me. We act like we're... the most open minded couple ever, that go in strip clubs together. We'll attract the Goddess and destroy her. We know she can be killed by a white oak stake, right through her heart. I suggest Cas is the one doing the killing, since you're a human and she can sense -"
"Dean! Dean I think..."
Then they began to prepare the spell for the rift to the Empty. Dean was so impatient that his hands were trembling.
"Sam? Is everything alright?" Jack walked into the room as well, confused as why Sam was taking so long.
Castiel sighed and kissed his forehead. He held Dean closer. "We'll fight. Nobody's gonna hurt you. I promise to my Grace I won't let anybody touch you"
Dean nodded quickly. "Of course. We'll go and get him, together."
"Maybe Cas is right..." Sam frowned, exchanging a glance with Eileen, signing the conversation for her. "Eileen told me... she saw something earlier... she might not be able to hear well but she can see things... and she... somehow saw something I dreamed, perhaps? Something that was on my mind?"
"I'm glad. I'm so happy I could scream"
"You'll always be my angel, no matter what" Dean whispered fondly, kissing his lips. "Now... Santa checked on his list and read that Castiel Winchester has been the naughtiest ass fuck in this city..."
"Let it out..." he begged through a moan. "Play with yourself... but don't come just yet... I want it all for me..."
"Okay um...- yeah..."
“A spy?” Finn snorted. “Dmitri? No Tom, you’re being ridiculous now. He’s nice and trusting. I like him”. Sam nodded, agreeing.
Dean approached him and wrapped his arms around him. "Baby it's okay. It's alright. We've got this. We'll bring the bitch down, I swear to you and every angel who's there and still believing in you..."
"This is my life from now on and I couldn't be more grateful for it"
"Dean!" Cas blushed, pushing at Dean's chest. "Your thoughts are taking the dark path once more!"
I knew Sam had anger issues. I was seeing these issues evident on Cas' body. I hated causing trouble to him. My brother acted like that for a stupid piece of fabric, what if he ever learned the truth... He'd probably kill me and Cas both. I had to finish this... I had to leave.
Sam grabbed Dean’s wrists and freed himself. “That’s the problem Dean! You always had it all; our parents’ admiration, success, every woman you ever wanted, money… and now him. Why Dean? You could have anyone, why him? Do you know he’s talking to the police? Do you know Thomas asked us to spy on him? He doesn’t trust him anymore Dean! Why do you?”
“Thomas” he whispered, bowing his head. The Shelby nodded, his eyes eyeing Dean suspiciously. “Sit down, Winchester, we need to talk”
Thomas hummed, sipping his drink. "Hm... and? Did Arthur ganged anyone?"
Lo blushed and let the man kiss her palm.
"So what about all those porn mags I found under your bed huh? They weren't naked guys. It was a male porn mag which those include naked women!"
"They're fucking!" Ruby shouted, interrupting one more time his thoughts. Sam looked at the door, with no expression crossing his face. Ruby continued.
Anna stopped crying and a great smile speeded across her face. Finally, she thought, someone would protect the boys. These silly boys, who were running around, hunting demons and never watch out. "This is nice, Cas. God wants them to be safe, this is a good thing."
Castiel shook his head. "I read his mind. He knows nothing."
Sam shook his head. "You won't ask me what did he do?" I stared at him, frowning. "Whatever he did... this behaviour is unacceptable, brother."
The warmth and the soft weight of his hunter lifted off of him and Castiel squinted. "What're you doing?" Why did you stopped?
The demon approached him and touched softly his cheek. "Do it. Please."
"That felt amazing" Cas whispered, almost audible. "I love you Dean"
"Tell us what you smell" Professor Slughorn asked and Castiel hesitated for a while, but he finally answered. "I smell… Gunpowder, leather and apple pie." His gaze met Dean's. Dean froze for a split of second, but his brain was working frantically.
He pushed me against the wall and bit his lip. "I like the way you're thinking..." he kneeled in front of me and suddenly my body was on fire.
Dean bites and sucks a mark near Cas' hipbone and once they're both equally naked, Dean opens his legs; the view was so beautiful. He gasps in awe, watching his beautiful angel.
"Good morning, Inspector Novak. You're here for the weekly report, right?"
Willa sat beside Castiel, crossing her long legs. "Well... I think she's unoccupied right now... do you want me to set you up?" she winks.
"Sure... but we won't tell Sammy..." He stood up after he finished off and gathered the dishes. "He might get the wrong idea... and I really want to do you..."
Dean let a relieved breath out and shrugged. "It's alright, Mr Shelby. There're no hard feelings between us. You know I appreciate you still and I enjoy our cooperation. So if there's even an implication that I might quit... I won't, sir. I want you to know that". Thomas smiled at him and poured some whiskey on their glasses.
"I won't talk to you about God's business, Uriel" Castiel finally talked, defending himself. "Father won't let this happen. It's a divine will."
Meg laughed. "Oh you poor little Winchesters. You think you can solve any problem with a touching family speech." She giggled ironically. "Guess what, Dean-o. You have to sacrifice more than a couple of tears to bring Sammy back."
"What happened, Dean?" Sammy asked urgently. "Why you didn't called? Where have you been?"
Castiel frowned and nodded. Yeah, everybody knew Grace Shelby, that was her name now. "What about her?"
Sam raised his eyebrows, approaching his brother and sitting on his ankles. "I wouldn't say that." Sam answered, touching his brother's shoulder. " I want you to be happy. Cas is an angel, indeed this is against God's will, but He can't do anything if His children are happy."
Soon Dean's moves turned erratic; he couldn't hold back anymore. God, when was the last time he ever had sex? Ages ago. And he finally, f i n a l l y, he got to get this; Cas, his Cas, his angel, laid beneath him, letting him taking care of him like this.
"Shit, Gabriel, no I didn't…" he sighed and walked over him. "Don't leave"
Dean wasn't very interested in alliances or power or anything like that. His attention was centered on the other man, watching him curiously. Benny would be considered a handsome guy, if Dean was into beards and the sasquatch-type-of-guy. He took in note that Benny was smiling awkwardly at him so Dean decided to be friendly and loosen him up a bit. They talked about work and their families and maybe even for cars. Dean apsolutely loved his Bentley but Benny was more of a Bugatti guy. Not that it mattered. Benny was nice and Dean needed people in his life, except his brother. He kept looking over his shoulder about Cas though. When he spotted him, he excused himself and walked over the other man.
Cas nods, eyes closed. "Y-Yeah... you're just... bigger than I thought... you can move now..."
Dean felt his face getting wet from the tears they were running down his cheeks. He took a step forward and aggressively pulled Castiel into a hug. The tears never stop falling. "I love you too, bastard. I love you too…"
"That spell… The witch cursed you with.." he muttered. "You started to gain weight after our encounter with the witch?"
"Don't be a pussy, brotha". Arthur growled. "Ada won't be mad; it's your last night on the bachelors' pool anyways..."
Dean leaned and kissed him deeply, grabbing his face and pushing him on the couch. Castiel felt trapped but he liked it. He wrapped his legs around the other's waist and threw away the borrowed shirt all while he was pushing Dean's underwear down his legs. "I wasn't expecting... this." he joked.
The boy laughed softly and his dimples appeared. He was so cute...
Castiel nodded, rubbing his shoulder; Jesus,this Shelby man was a true gypsie, wasn't he? Open hearted and hospitable. Castiel almost admired him.
Cas raised his head from his place by my side and stared deep into the cop's eyes. "The story's not over, officer". The cop nodded, urging him to start speaking.
bit- and helping Cas pull them off. Then he’s standing there in his underwear like a lost puppy, and Dean takes his arm, guides him to lie down on his back on the bed. He strips off his own clothing as quickly as possible, down to his underwear. He’s almost distracted by the way Cas shifts on the bed, one hand fisting in the sheets and the other moving to palm at his cock through his underwear. As it is, it spurs Dean on, because he wants to get
Dean breaks away from Cas’s lips to inhale sharply as the angel mimics what Dean does to him, rubbing his thumb over the head of Dean’s cock through the precome beading there. He keeps doing this at the way it makes Dean whine, hips not able to buck the best they can in the position he’s in but doing his best to do so anyway. Dean’s hand slows on Cas’s cock as he gets closer, brain gets closer to that fuzzy space where he can’t really think, can’t really focus on anything.
“Well, Famine did a number on you,” Dean mutters, but he’s not really upset. Sure, making Cas come again and again wasn’t exactly on his to-do list, but he guesses now it is.
That’s it for Dean, who’s groaning Cas’s name and coming over his hand, pleasure exploding at the base of his spine.
“Dean, I- I don’t understand what’s happening,” Cas grits out.
His eyes flick back up to Cas’s, and he’s about to make some witty joke, some sarcastic comment to dig himself out of the fucking hole he’s fallen into. Instead, Cas is touching his forehead, and he feels the taste of metal disappear from his mouth, the aches and hurts fade, and he thinks Cas just
It turns dirty real fast, as Dean sucks on Cas’s tongue and makes him groan, and when he presses forward he can feel Cas’s distended crotch pressing against his own. He knows he needs to get this show on the road, so he starts guiding Cas backwards towards the bed, until he can feel a thump as the back of Cas’s knees hit the edge of the bed. Still, kissing Cas is making him hotter, already sweating under the many layers he’s wearing. Luckily Cas is along the same line of thinking, hands finally pulling off the overcoat, then unbuttoning the vest.
Cas moans, hips shoving eagerly up against the hunter’s hand as the pleasure overwhelms him. He’d been feeling needy since they- Sam- defeated Famine, once the hunger for red meat subsided, but taking care of it himself hadn’t really… worked. He tried, of course, but he wanted someone
“Slower.”
After that weird second, he feels Castiel start to tentatively respond, moving his lips with Dean’s and bringing his hands up to tug on the short hairs on Dean’s neck, probably moved by the same instincts Dean is following. That shifts the feeling Dean has from “this is weird” to “this is good” real quick, and he swallows a groan, moving closer to the angel’s body to press up against him. What he isn’t expecting is to feel what is very clearly Castiel’s erection press up against his own, and oh look at that, he’s also already hard. Porn magic.
“Well, we can’t have these,” Cas hears Dean hiss in his ear, and a hand tug hard on his trench coat, and then all of a sudden he is
Cas doesn’t respond, watching neutrally as Dean strips relatively quickly, nerves getting the better of him. Cas’s gaze turns less than neutral, though, as more of Dean’s skin is revealed, and God, he keeps it so
“Did you, uh, order two large pizzas? Extra meat?” Dean asks, the words sliding themselves into place like they did on the gameshow, although he’s internally cringing at the dialogue. He knows it’s porn but c’mon.
He goes to put a palm on where Cas had slapped him, to soothe the hot feeling now there, but Cas smacks his hand away, places his own on the spot where he had slapped the hunter.
horny for each other. Of course, the cupid did say something about there having to already be something there for the magic to work, but before he can even begin to process that or even tell Cas what he’s figured out, Cas is sliding his tongue into Dean’s mouth, up against his tongue, and then all of Dean’s brainpower goes right out the window.
“Okay. About?”
Cas’s erection poking his thigh, still clothed, but as Cas shifts and pleasure runs up his spine, he starts minutely grinding his cock against the hunter’s thigh.
“You want to suck my cock?”
exposed in front of him, and he’s having a hard time keeping his eyes off of the angel’s body.
His neck hurts, probably from being smacked into the wall multiple times, but he looks down to catch what Cas is looking at and he’s.
“Yes,” Cas gasps out, finally giving in. “Yes, I’m- I’m going to-“ The pleasure/pain at having his hair tugged is what pushes him right to the edge, and then he feels Dean going rigid behind him and coming inside him with barely a groan. The feeling of being filled up is what pushes him over the edge, wailing into the open air as his cock spurts onto the carpet.
Dean chuckles, watching the way Cas presses against him, unable to control the way his body reacts to Dean’s touch. “That’s what I thought. Not so different from your normal Dean, am I? At least, your cock can’t tell the difference.”
Dean manages to work Cas through another
He’s so deep in his pleasure, he doesn’t notice if he’s giving off a tell or something when he gets close, but Dean seems to know, and pulls off for however long it takes Cas to come down from that high, before the hunter sucks his cock right back down again to bring him back to the edge. Cas has lost track of how many times it’s happened, but it’s enough that Dean can only just swallow around Cas’s cock when he has to pull back again, let Cas come down.
“You were so good for me,” Cas murmurs, right as he settles his hand on Dean’s cock, not missing a thing- especially not the way Dean reacted to his praise earlier.
“I’m not sure. You know I’m becoming more… human, less angel, but I seem to be fine. At least, I’m handling the meat craving part better now.”
“I mean I’m offering myself, Cas. If you want.”
Then he’s over-sensitive, and he’s batting Cas’s hand away from his cock, reaching to tug the angel up for manly cuddles instead.
“Can’t,” Dean replies simply, not even pretending to be asleep anymore.
“I’m not-“ Dean starts to argue on instinct, but remembers it’s Cas. “Still, you’ve been helping us with all this horsemen stuff. I shouldn’t have talked to you like that.”
“Cas, if you don’t stop, I’m- I’m-“ Dean stutters, head tilting back to get some cool air on his sweat-shiny neck and pulse quickening as he gets close.
“Have sex with me?”
He’s too far along, a hair’s breadth away from coming, when Dean slides his tongue in to brush against Cas’s the same moment he squeezes the angel’s ass. And that’s it, Cas is wailing into Dean’s mouth- most of the sound luckily muffled- as he comes in his pants, cock throbbing hard as it shoots in his underwear.
“Pants off,” Dean orders, and his voice has turned hoarse, not having used it in a bit.
Dean presses a kiss to Cas’s lips, who kisses back needily, before guiding the angel onto his hands and knees in front of Dean, ass raised temptingly in the air.
is a little much for him.
Dean’s about to throw the pizzas in Castiel’s face. He’s pretty sure that’s not very respectful of angels, and heaven, but also he’s never been very respectful in the first place. He’s not sure how much longer he can take this scene with Cas, if they can’t escape and he has no idea where Sam is and also Castiel is refusing to play along. He’s not even sure how much longer the trickster is going to let this scene go on. Dean doesn’t know how prepared he is to take an Angel of the Lord’s potential virginity.
Cas bites down on Dean’s bottom lip, swipes his tongue over the bite, not really minding the loss of his own pleasure when squeezing the base of Dean’s cock makes him make
Wow. “You sure?” Dean asks, furrowing his eyebrows.
The casualness of the statement makes Cas pause, the image sinking into his brain and making him flush as he sees Dean’s come spatter his abdomen in his mind. His cock throbs suddenly, and a glob of precome slides down the side.
-“ Cas gasps, back arching on the bed and hands practically ripping the sheets apart while Dean uses his hand to jerk them both off, a little bit messy and a little bit difficult to get the grip and logistics just right, but it’s so worth it to see Cas’s cock pressed against his own, flushed red and hard and leaking-
“You’ve been in this body what, a year or something? Longer? You’ve never had a boner?” Dean asks, incredulous.
Dean doesn’t really know what to do with that, and so he says, “No problem,” and they get out of the car, on their way to summon an archangel.
And he can’t help the way he arches into Dean’s touch, the way he shamelessly grinds his hips back up against Dean’s. He watches as Dean’s eyes flick black, and they don’t change
“No, no, I don’t think I will. I think you like it when I talk, hm?” Dean lets go of Cas’s wrists long enough to yank his hips up, putting him in an incredibly compromising face-down ass-up position, and then Dean is reaching around to squeeze Cas’s hard cock with a chuckle. “Evidently you like something I’m doing.”
, and now he can feel Cas tight and hot around his tongue, but loosening up nicely. Cas, for his part, doesn’t explode anymore appliances, but moans, long and low, doing his best to rock back against Dean’s face, who grips Cas’s hips to control his movement, sliding his tongue deeper and flicking it against his walls.
Finally, when Cas is making little whimpering noises and barely jerking his hips, Dean detaches, releases Cas’s cock from his mouth and lifts his head up.
“That’s right, that’s good,” Cas is murmuring, before landing another slap on Dean’s thigh, this one closer to his hipbone, in contrast with his words.
First words that came to his mind. Not a great way to proposition an angel, especially with a pun, but whatever.
“I’ve told you before, it’s not safe for me here. And it’s especially not safe for those around me,” Cas grouses, and Dean just
“Great, so I can knock you out and take you back to the bunker, where we can
“Dean,
Eugh, porn dialogue. Normally, it would make him cringe, but the way Castiel’s eyebrows crease and he moans, the way his hips jerk against his hand, still massaging his cock through his shorts and Dean can see a fucking
Shaking his head, he busts down the door, walks into the room prepared for anything.
Dean is shifting a hand to wrap around Cas’s cock, and it feels even
“I said-“
“Dean!” Cas wails, coming hard in Dean’s hand, getting his come all over Dean’s hand and stomach as he arches over the hunter. Dean works him through it, eyes locked on Cas’s o-face, definitely memorizing it for sometime later.
Dean hooks his arms around Cas, gets his hands on his ass to grip it- and for leverage, as he rubs against Cas’s cock, getting him worked up. His own cock is poking into Cas’s thigh, he knows it, and the pleasure is making it hard to focus on fucking Cas’s mouth with his tongue. Dean frees Cas’s mouth, noses past his stubble and bites down hard on Cas’s neck.
Having been around enough weird shit, Dean takes his disappearing pants in stride, because there’s something about feeling Cas’s hard cock rutting against his thigh. He swears he can even feel it leaking, smearing precome all over his thigh. He hardly lets it deter him, landing a hit where Cas’s ass meets his thigh, then admiring the print it leaves, running his thumb over it. He knows Cas wants to come, but he can’t help himself, running fingers through Cas’s hair with one hand, lightly tugging on it when it looks like he’s breathing in the cushions. The tug makes Cas groan, makes him groan louder when a smack lands high on his ass.
Cas looks back at him with the most lost-puppy look, and Dean kinda wants to smack a kiss right on his stupid lips but he waits for Cas to say something first. An affirmative yes, hopefully.
“Dean. I am still myself. I know what I want, and it’s still you,” Cas interrupts, his tone sincere, no dreamy-quality this time.
“Dean- I- please,” Cas begs, although he’s not sure for what, pleasure making his eyes close and roll back, unable to watch Dean’s hand squeeze his cock anymore.
“What-“ Cas is about to ask, confused, not sure what exactly Dean is referring to when he suddenly feels a
Dean pries Cas’s lips open with his tongue, skates his hand down to grasp Cas’s cock, plenty hard from sucking Dean off. Cas makes a broken sound into Dean’s mouth, pleasure overloading his brain and barely able to flick his tongue back against Dean’s, jerking his hips into Dean’s grip. Dean gets the message and starts jerking him off quick, using the precum leaking out as lube to smoothen his grip. Cas can barely breathe, shaky on his elbows as he thrusts the best he can into Dean’s grip, groaning when Dean starts twisting on the upstroke. Seeing Dean come was just too much for him, and so he doesn’t last long before he’s moaning, “Dean, I- I’m, I think-“
Dean’s legs land on either side of Cas’s hips, and he pins Cas’s wrists to the floor next to his head. Cas tries to struggle, but he can feel blood leaking out of his nose now, and he might have a split lip, and all the aches he feels are making him dizzy. His hands are pinned, and he can’t do much even if he kicks his legs around, unable to reach Dean.
“Signed a paper contract and everything,” Dean smiles.
A lot closer, in fact, as he finds himself one night- mid-day-
“Yes, commander,” Dean replies immediately, shifting his hips under Cas needily.
“I understand, I’m not the one indicting you for your- your preferences-“ Cas can see how he’s ignited the situation, and now he’s desperately trying to diffuse it.
“You good?” Dean cares to ask, hand rubbing at where he spanked.
underlying the bright blue of his irises. Yes, he also knows what this means for the two of them. Yes, they can deal with it later, when they’re down from the high of their orgasms.
hand on Cas’s cock as soon as possible.
sound from the angel), and slathers lube on his own cock. He loves seeing Cas squirm, but getting his hand on his cock after so long feels so
Dean chuckles into the skin of Cas’s neck, and the vibrations make Cas whine, tilt his head so his face is pressed into his arm and darkness covers his eyes. Dean pulls back to hold Cas’s jaw with a hand, tilt his head back so he has to look up at the hunter.
Cas smiles, then moves to where the head is pressed against the fabric, seals his lips around it, and
holding him against the ground- is making him incredibly hot. He knows it’s important that he get Dean back so they can cure him.
“I got you,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s neck, nipping at his collarbone and thrusting harder, faster, anything Cas wants. He squeezes the head of Cas’s cock, rubs his thumb through the liquid leaking out the top.
“Fuck,” Cas gasps out the expletive as he suddenly speeds up his pace, the sound of slapping skin filling the room as he gets closer and closer to the edge. “Dean-“
So he slowly slides back out, just to make Cas whine and buck his hips, before thrusting back in a little harder, just to gauge where Cas is at. Then, Cas groans, “Dean,
And whatever Cas was going to say is caught on a surprised moan, eyes rolling back as Dean slides in, slides all the way home with the help of a lot of lube. Dean lets out a groan himself- the tightness, the heat, the way Cas almost
a thought that makes him rock his hips up against the angel, hard bulge in his jeans pressing against the bulge in Cas’s slacks, and the breathy gasp Cas makes into his mouth makes Dean groan, furrowing his eyebrows and nipping at Cas’s lower lip.
Cas, pressing into his skin.
He can hear Cas’s heavy breathing start to subside, and he unties Cas’s hands, sets the tie aside, rubs the muscles of Cas’s arms to get the blood flowing again. “Hey, hey, hey,” he murmurs, helping Cas up, making sure the way he sits doesn’t rub against him wrong.
The position is intensely vulnerable, intimate, and it has Cas swallowing around the sudden dryness of his throat. “Dean?” he tries.
Dean gasps, body going rigid with pleasure as Cas starts jerking him off, overwhelming his brain and senses.
The words roll right off of Dean, who, even though he asked, really couldn’t care less about how Cas knows. The angel wouldn’t lie to him. Especially when only Zachariah could’ve known.
It’s the angel thing that’s taken a while to settle in. Which is why, of course, when he’s woken up by the flutter of wings and a sudden weight on his bed, he has to restrain himself from groaning into his pillow. As it is, Cas is lucky Dean didn’t immediately shoot him or stab him.
all the time that Dean forgets his an angel of the Lord, but sometimes he shows his strength and-
“Dean.”
“I could overhear everything. Most of it wasn’t helpful, but uh, I heard you mention something.”
Dean pulls Cas’s underwear the rest of the way off and tosses it to the side, then runs his hands up Cas’s thighs, over the marks he had bitten in earlier. It makes Cas shiver with need, but he can feel himself coming down from the high, pleasure ebbing away as he moves farther away from orgasm. Then, he realizes what Dean is doing.
“Cas- I-“ is all he manages to get out before he’s spurting over Cas’s fist, coming with a groan of the angel’s name as he arches his back. Cas works him through it, until he’s done and the mess is gone with a wave of the angel’s hand, clothes back on them in another instant.
“Shh,” Dean shushes him, trails his mouth down to Cas’s nipples to kiss and lick at them until they were hard. Cas makes noise anyway, whining and moaning as he gets harder in his pants. He feels Dean’s tongue drawing little circles around one nipple as one of his hands pinches and tugs at the other, and it’s sending little shocks up his spine, and making his cock ache for touch.
Cas is almost fully on his chest at this point, arms folded and upper half practically pressed into the mattress, giving Dean just that much better leverage to
-“ Cas wails, hands ripping through the pillow as he comes, tight as a vice around Dean’s cock. Dean only lasts for a few more thrusts before he’s coming inside the angel with a moan of his name, and a few scattered whines from Cas.
Dean interrupts him with a slow grind of his hips, and Cas’s thoughts stutter to a halt as pleasure works its way through his brain. “Dean, you- you’re not-“
“Yeah, I-“ Dean decides to skip right over that with a shake of his head. “Why are you here, Cas?”
- the angel has in him has him grinding his jaw, pulling Cas’s hands behind his back and tying them together with the tie.
Later, when Sam is back, neither of them care to explain to him why all of the lightbulbs in the room are shattered.
“Still resistant, huh? Maybe that’ll change once I get my cock into you,” Dean says with a grin, other hand squeezing one of Cas’s cheeks and spreading him open.
Cas doesn’t respond, doesn’t rise to the bait but tries to swallow a moan, cock aching for touch as Dean splits him open. As he shifts to try and get a little bit of leverage, the new angel has Dean’s cock hammering against his prostate, and he drops with a badly-suppressed wail, pleasure overwhelming his sense and narrowing his focus to needing to come ASAP.
, and to see his cock leak more into a growing mess on his stomach.
His voice is hoarse from how loud he’s been, how many times he’s moaned Dean’s name in pleas for release, and it’s only when Dean speaks that his eyes flutter open.
Once Cas starts opening up easy, Dean’s quick to get three fingers inside him, stretching him open and curling, searching inside for the spot he
Cas gives him a
Cas swallows as he undoes his tie, pulls it off and sets it aside. Shaking hands start at the top of the buttons, undoing them one by one.
, and Dean acquiesces, flicking his tongue against the rim one more time before sliding
“What, can’t do anything about it?” Dean grins a shit-eating grin, watching the frown play over his lover’s face as he palms his own cock through his underwear.
Dean helps him through it, working his mouth over Cas’s pulsing cock as he swallows spurts of come, motivated partly by seeing Cas come and partly because his cock is almost purple with need.
Cas doesn’t say anything, only uses a hand in Dean’s hair to tug him back into place, starts sliding his cock into Dean’s mouth. Dean stays still this time, can’t even move to take more of Cas’s cock in his mouth because of the hand keeping him in place, and he can’t help the whine that bubbles out of his throat as he’s forced to take it inch by inch.
resistance, almost like Cas is
but of course his body couldn’t help but react to a shirtless Dean, particularly one that was pinning him to the ground. So sue him.
Dean actually laughs, tilts his head at Cas. “How hard does it have to be, Cas?”
“You do make me happy,” slips out before Dean can stop it. He hates being emotional and sappy, but Cas brings it out in him.
A whine from Cas snaps him out of it, and he squeezes some lube onto his fingers, rubbing them together to warm it up at least a little. He does act on instinct, then, and sucks at the base of Cas’s cock (making him cry out and buck his hips again), while he slides his lubed fingers down to tease at Cas’s hole, get him used to the situation.
He’s not about to ask for it, and so he tries sneaking a hand underneath himself, to get a grip on his dripping cock but Dean spots him, smacks his wrist so he puts it back down on the carpet.
So he’s not really surprised when the scene he and Sam were in vanishes and he’s suddenly standing in a hallway, wearing what looks like a pizza delivery boy uniform but make it
And then Dean starts
Dean was so used to the whole suit + trench coat look for Cas that when he
,” Cas pleads, head hitting the pillow with a thump in frustration.
Before Cas can pull the vest off, Dean detaches from his mouth, pulls in a deep breath. “Y’know, I liked being sheriff. Being in charge. Keeping the town safe and all.” He breathes in again, attempts a southern accent. “You like that?”
As hot as that is, Dean lands a (light) smack on the angel’s thigh, grunts out, “Knock that off.” And Cas does, freezes, and the obedience goes right to Dean’s head.
“Cas?” he tries, and it’s nice to be able to talk without spitting up blood.
Castiel didn’t really see the appeal of the “western” clothes Sam and Dean were wearing. Not at first.
Dean forces himself to pull back for a second, settling his forehead against Cas’s, but he’s taken aback when he opens his eyes to meet Cas’s electric-blue ones.
Cas knew about the angel cuffs, but didn’t know about Dean’s plans to use them on him. He probably figured Dean would never use their Items For Defeating Powerful Enemies in the bedroom.
“Yeah, I figured.”
Dean snorts, “No. They’re cute and comfortable. They’re only demeaning if you let them… demean… you,” he trails off. That didn’t really make sense.
at the action, but he’d deny it later), walking over to the bed and- well, dumping Cas on his back. He starts to strip off his shirt, but pauses a second to just admire the way Cas is looking at him, dilated eyes wide and mouth open, breath coming out in short pants while he watches Dean strip. When Cas’s eyes flick to his, Dean blinks and continues, shirt coming off and onto the floor, unbuttoning his pants and stripping those down. After a beat, Cas follows suit, getting his trenchcoat, blazer, and tie off before Dean joins him on the bed, settling between his legs. He bats Cas’s hands away, undoing the button-up with speed and efficiency, then moving to do the same for his pants.
