“And you don’t want him to think you live in a shithole?”
Steve laughed.
Steve clicked the red icon to hang up and sagged against the wall. He closed his eyes and replayed the conversation in his head.
"I think marriage can wait until the six-month mark, at least" Steve teased.
“I think you already are.”
“Oh.”
Steve’s heart hurt.
“Why didn’t you?”
Steve nodded.
"Right, you got maybe four weeks a year to come home?"
"Tony?"
what we wanted to say to each other, but we could never allow them to hear it. Tony cannot handle that sorta silence. He has to have noise, he won’t slow down, he is waiting for me in the fucking lobby! We see each other every day, and if he misses a day, I think he feels like he is failing.”
"Why would you be ashamed of being a hero?"
"Damn." Rhodes shook his head in disbelief, unable to wipe the smile off his face. "As soon as I heard Tony had a boyfriend, I had an entire interrogation planned; but you're
1 minute.
“It is perfectly fair!” shouted Steve.
That was all he ever wanted for her. Steve grinned and pushed his hair back.
“I’m going to guess how that happened, but you don’t have to confirm it for me. She cornered you somewhere, offered you a bunch of money, and begged you to keep Tony out of trouble?”
"I am not permitted to discuss Mr. Stark's behaviour with anyone except Miss Potts, Colonel Rhodes, and Mr. Hogan."
Steve shot him a wan smile in lieu of a reply. He stood up and went through his routine of cracks and pops before saying, "Five minutes to brush my teeth and change."
"But—"
He dragged a blanket behind him as he entered. Tony jumped onto the bed and began to fluff the pillows. He didn't say anything more. Steve watched as Tony huddled beneath a blanket and sank back into the pillows that Steve couldn't stand. The silence between them was long and awkward.
I need you to need me.
"How was it?"
"Yes," Steve agreed, "I have questions."
“She does that.”
Steve pulled a slice from the box and bit off the end.
She smiled at him and sighed, "God, you are perfect for this." She placed a business card on the table. "If you're interested, come to my office at noon. I never get a lunch break anyway, might as well schedule the inevitable interruption myself."
“Do I smell Swiss?”
“Then, I suppose I want something special. I don’t know what that looks like.”
“Did you have a seat at the Constitutional Convention?”
Steve rolled his eyes and Tony dragged himself back up onto the bed. He flipped over and smashed his face into his pillow. The evening had gone rather well ... How had it ended up like this?
“You must really like him to have told him already. I am so happy for you, Steve. Truly, I haven’t seen you smile this much in years. Is he good for you?”
That’s … That’s wonderful, but don’t you need money?”
“I don’t.” Tony was lying. “I don’t want to see you, but you’re already here and I have your lasagna pan. You’re coming home with me. Discussion over, now we can sit in silence for the rest of the ride.”
“Before you hang up—
“What’s that?”
“I barely got your name out before they were jumping all over the chance to speak with you.”
"What?" Steve yelped. He swallowed thickly and admitted that was an awfully undignified sound. "How do you run Stark Industries without Tony Stark?"
“LITTLE STEVE ROGERS!”
"Steve, I don't really know what a hero is, but if they exist it means there are two groups of people: those who are heroes and those who aren't. The way I see it, you had two options inside the base. You could have done what most people would do, find Barnes and make a quick getaway. But that’s not what you did. You found Barnes and rescued thirty-six other people. Thirty-six lives that would have ended if not for you. Maybe that's what heroes do; fight for everyone, even when they don't have to."
“What did he do? I promise, Steve, I will fix it.
Thor scribbled on his notepad for a very long time. Steve sat up straight, waiting for him to say something, waiting to hear about where he went wrong. Thor finally looked up after awhile and asked,
“Didn’t used to be.”
“As safe as I can get, anyhow. I like the routine. My neighbor upstairs leaves at three every morning, the deli expects me every day at 12:30, and mail comes at 3:30.”
Rhodes held up a hand and insisted, “You don’t have to explain any of it to me.”
“Exceeding my wildest expectations, you are coming to my wedding with your hot boyfriend. Do you want to tell me about him?”
Steve was thirteen when he started
“How is she?” asked Nat. “I haven’t called in awhile.”
Nat insisted, “You do what you think is best.”
“Tell me what you like about him, Steven.”
"No."
“God bless America …”
“If I go to the internet for information about Tony, doesn’t that put me on the same level as everyone else? What if what I find isn’t accurate and I go through the next weeks of our relationship with a false idea of Tony’s past? No, I won’t Google it. I want him to trust me enough to tell me.”
“Okay, we’re going to try something,” Tony starts. He takes a large sip from his glass and puts it down before turning on the barstool to look directly at Steve. Again, the intensity of his gaze is something Steve isn’t quite prepared for, but he keeps his mouth shut and nods, trying to keep his face open.
Steve doesn’t look away, his eyes flicker between Tony’s, searching. He must find what he’s looking for, because he leans in, and Tony just has time to panic before their lips are touching and they’re kissing and oh my god Captain America is kissing him how the fuck did this happen.
Tony stops short. “What?” he asks eloquently. “How’d you know that?” he amends.
“Not my fault, fucking Doombots crawling all over the roof. Put me down here!” he shouts as they pass over a crumbling three story building. Tony obliging swoops low and drops the archer onto the roof, and Clint rolls into a crouch, bow already up and arrow nocked.
“Well, good luck then, hope it all goes well, stay safe, see you when you get back,” he says breezily, not looking at Steve.
He puts a pillow and blanket down on the seat next to his, then takes the others to where Tony sits across the aisle. He drapes the blanket over the other man’s still form, then gently lifts Tony’s head to slide the small pillow into place. He takes a second to reposition Tony’s head so that it won’t leave him with a crick in his neck, and because he wants to and he doesn’t know if he’ll ever get the chance to when Tony is awake and he has no self-control, he runs a hand through Tony’s hair like he did that one night months ago. It’s soft, and is curling slightly at the ends. It’s longer than Steve’s ever seen it, and he wonders if Tony’s just been too busy to be bothered to get it cut. Steve strokes his hand through the silky strands, petting him lightly, and thank god Tony’s not awake for this, Steve doesn’t know if he’d ever stop blushing.
Tony’s face doesn't exactly shut down, but it goes blank, almost. He looks away, around the pub, at the dart board that’s been sitting empty for some time now, into the mirrors at the end of the bar. His gaze stays there, staring at himself, and Steve wonders what he sees.
Rhodey's eyes are sad but he doesn't say anything. He knows what it's like to be in that kind of situation.
“I’m so sorry, Steve, I’m
There’s one other person in the cafe, a handsome blonde man, late 20s early 30s, wearing, of all things, cargo pants and a long sleeved blue henley that looks about two sizes too small for his expansive (and extremely fit, from what Tony can make out) chest and shoulders. His dark jacket is draped over the back of his plush chair with a gray and blue scarf lying atop it. He’s got a small novel in one hand while he sips what looks like plain coffee with the other, and Tony’s trying to make out the title when the barista calls his name and his order is up.
“Let me guess,” Tony interrupts. He takes a sip of his very expensive brandy and swirls it around in his mouth, savoring the taste. Only the best. Swallowing, he continues, “Turns out your assassin friend is harder to find than you expected, and with no SHIELD resources to back you up—Good job with that, by the way, they had it coming with their secrets upon secrets thing they had going on—now you need my help. Sound about right?” He finishes, and downs the rest of his glass.
"He your fella?" Bucky asks, face unreadable. Steve exhales a shaky breath, looking down at his hands, clenched into fists at his sides.
The man steps over Steve’s body and over to Jamie’s crib. Tony watches in horror and he pushes his suit faster, warnings flashing across the HUD. The man never lowers his gun, points it straight at their son. Tony’s streaking past the landing pad, through the penthouse living room, down the hallway. He can see the men outside the door, fires repulsors at them without slowing down, aims to kill. He's there, he’s almost there, he’s turning the corner just in time to see the gun go off.
“We don't make each other happy anymore, Tony. I never wanted that. I want you to be happy,” Steve is saying, voice tripping and breaking dangerously over the words.
He squats down as Jamie barrels into him, wrapping his little arms around Tony’s neck and hugging tightly. Tony squeezes back, hesitant at first and then maybe a little too hard, but Jamie doesn’t complain.
Steve’s talking about,
There are smiles around the room and murmurs of agreement. Tony breathes a (careful) sigh of relief, glad he can put off defending his actions for now. He's sure he's going to hear it later but right now he just wants to see that everyone is safe and alive and he's going to live to be yelled at another day.
Steve is still talking to him but it’s all muffled in Tony’s ears. He tunes back in to hear Steve saying, over and over, “It’s not your fault. It’s not your fault, Tony.”
Several armed thugs come hurrying into the room, guns at the ready. Tony and Yinsen have their arms already up, hands linked behind their heads. The men are laughing and smiling, and Tony’s heart sinks as he realizes that whatever the explosions had been earlier, they must have worked out in the Ten Ring’s favor.
They tuck into delicious ham and cheese sandwiches and Dr. Peppers, and Tony wolfs down 3 sandwiches before his stomach is satisfied. He leans back and stretches with his arms behind his head, sighing deeply. Rolling his head on his hands, he looks over to Steve and smiles languorously.
Tony wiggles his eyebrows lasciviously. “Well you certainly don’t help me there, do you, soldier?” Steve rolls his eyes but he’s smiling, so Tony takes it as a win.
Steve chuckles.
Tony finally has room and sense enough to let his hands wander, and they roam over Steve’s chest, shoulders, back, pulling his t-shirt up and off, exploring the bare skin underneath. He has no idea how he got here, but he’s not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it’s one he definitely doesn’t deserve. He doesn’t have the wherewithal or the strength to say no to Steve Rogers. Except…
“It’s not that simple,” Steve says, when he can speak without his voice breaking.
Tony stares at it. “Seriously, Rogers? You’re putting me to bed?” he asks incredulously, not moving from his spot.
The pub is dim and dirty, dark wood countertops sticky with all the beers spilled on it over the years, the scent of sour alcohol and stale air almost cloying. It doesn’t bother Steve. It’s almost a balm to his restlessness, a glimpse back in time to when he and the Commandos would find some dingy pub to call theirs for a few nights, drinking and having as much of a good time as a man serving in wartime could have. The damp air reminds him of camaraderie, and friendship, and a little bit of grief tugs at his heart, for then and for now.
And while he may not be around to see it, he’s pretty sure he believes that these men, the Ten Rings, will get what’s coming to them as well.
). He hasn’t been romantic with anyone since before he left for that last weapons demonstration all those months ago, hasn’t really even thought about it recently, what with everything that’s been going on, but something about Steve draws him in, makes him want more. He thinks maybe Steve feels it, too, and then suddenly he’s not thinking anything because Steve’s hand brushes his where they’re swinging down by their sides. He startles a little, but neither of them acknowledge it and when it happens again Tony doesn’t pull away.
“Tony,” Steve pants. Blood is flowing out of his wounds, life seeping away too much too fast. His eyes close, then open sluggishly to look at the man who shot him. His voice comes out hoarse, full of pain. “Please,” he gasps. The man looks at Jamie, then back at Steve, and then he raises his gun and shoots Steve in the head.
Another sigh, this one quieter. “We all miss him, Tones,” he says softly, mournfully. “But you can’t keep doing this to yourself. It’s been two days.”
-Chuck Palahniuk,
Steve can’t help it; He grins. His chest is still tight with worry and helpless frustration, but this is Iron Man. This is Tony Stark. How could he forget that? The man is far from helpless, and he’s a giant pain in the ass when he wants to be, Steve should know.
“That’s not what I’m here for, Tony,” he says, and he doesn’t know what exactly he’s trying to say.
Steve must sense the change in his mood, because his smile drops off and he looks serious.
After the serum, he had more control over his breathing, and the moments that were capable of stealing his breath then were all are the more memorable for it. Seeing Red Skull’s face for the first time, the darkest parts of human nature brought to life, and feeling horrified at what the serum running through his veins could turn a different soul into. When Bucky fell from the train, reaching for Steve, reaching and screaming and always reaching. Peggy’s tearful voice when Steve plummeted into the North Atlantic.
It’s the culmination of all those lonely nights, the painful fights and angry words and resentful silences all coming to fruition. He’s seen it coming for a long time. That doesn’t make it any easier.
Tony cuts him off. “Yay, you’re here,” he says, voice brittle and eyes flashing, as Steve comes storming into the lab.
It’s bittersweet, being with Tony, and part of Steve wishes he didn’t do it, wishes he’d walked away before when Tony had given him an out. But another part of him, the bigger part, wouldn’t trade this for anything. Tony’s hands, more tender and gentle than Steve had ever imagined, lighting him up in ways he’d never thought possible, dancing across his skin and leaving fiery trails in their wake. Tony’s lips, so soft next to his scratchy beard, kissing that is more of a give and take, a question and a promise, and Steve has never been so close to coming from just a kiss. It’s so intimate, every second of it, that Steve would call it making love if he was telling the truth, but how can you make love to someone when you’re lying to them, when they don’t even know who you really are?
"Sir, Captain Anderson has confirmed the flight for 6 AM tomorrow morning. Mr. Hogan will be waiting to take you to the airstrip at 5:30."
"What, Steve? Spit it out. I went off mission, I have no sense of self-preservation, I should wait for backup. I've heard it all already." He's so sick of all this, he did the right fucking thing and everyone's crazy if they think he wouldn't risk his life to save the rest of his team.
Steve nods, too choked up to do anything else, and reaches for Tony’s face instead, cupping it gently in his big hands, kissing his lips softly. He doesn’t know how to apologize, knows he can’t right now and doesn’t know if he will ever even get the chance to do so, so he puts everything he’s feeling into the kiss, thumbs stroking across Tony’s cheekbones, fingers tangling in his dark hair. He slides his hand to cup the back of Tony’s head, tongue exploring Tony’s mouth, giving everything he has and taking whatever Tony’s offering in return.
, and Tony’s legs nearly give out. He stumbles, back thumping heavily against the wall, and he slides down, face in his hands and legs drawn up to his chest.
Steve grins despite his nerves and shakes his head. "What would you draw? He's already got the facial hair. Not quite like yours, but…” Steve smirks at him as Tony raises a challenging eyebrow. "Nobody's is quite like yours."
There’s a small blur of blonde hair and blue eyes and it’s like a punch to the gut, how much he looks like Steve, and Tony wants to turn and run because he can’t do this, he can’t, Steve’s gone, how is he supposed to do this alone? Then he catches Bucky’s eye, and Bucky gives him a little nod, one corner of his mouth tilting up sadly, and Tony swallows back the panic and pastes on a smile that he knows looks forced but hopes will fool a three year old.
Tony’s in the workshop when Steve arrives, a drink in his left hand while his right works on the specs for the newest green energy solution.
They’re walking, side by side, listening to the sounds of a New York City evening, people shouting and laughing from rooftops parties and inside bars. Tony peeks over at Steve occasionally, and even catches him looking once or twice, but Steve just smiles back at him before looking ahead again. Tony doesn’t know if he’s reading this right, he’s a little out of practice (with women; with a man it’s been
Tony could never resist a good mystery, and Steve doesn’t have to wait long before he slides gracefully onto the barstool next to him.
“Steve Rogers.”
Steve tries to smile and fails, eyes welling up, and Tony loves him for it. He releases Tony and Tony wants to scream
“Happy New Year,” he says, and then he’s losing it at the look of dawning comprehension on Steve’s face. Steve blushes, then he groans.
“Tony.” His voice is rough with emotions. Tony must hear it because he stills, gently placing his tools down on the workbench.
Pepper chimes in softly. "But why is it always you, Tony? Why are you always the sacrifice?" Tony sees flashes of Manhattan, the nuke flying over the harbor, the portal opening wide in the sky, the explosion in space when he thought he'd never return. Then, abruptly, he thinks about Steve flying a plane into the ocean. He shakes his head, eyes shut.
, you asshole, and you think you can just come in here—”
"We found him."
They’ve been seeing each other for almost two months now, and Steve’s started leaving extra jeans and shirts in Tony’s closet, and there’s a second toothbrush in the bathroom and Tony tries not to think about these things because they make him nervous in the way that everything good he’s ever had has ended badly and he’d be devastated if this did too, so he doesn’t think about them at all.
Steve hesitates, then nods. They strip the core of the armor off, Steve's heart dropping as he throws pieces away from them. They're dented and parts are almost shredded, sharp pieces covered in blood from where they've pierced Tony's skin. He strips off his costume and his undershirt, tearing the shirt to pieces, pressing them to the worst of the wounds in Tony's abdomen and chest.
“Tony, are you okay?”
Tony rolls back over and opens his eyes. He studies the wall some more.
“Here, come sit down,” Steve says, not answering Tony’s questions. He helps him stand, guides him a short way across the lab to the ratty old couch he and Bruce like to sit on to watch old Star Trek episodes.
“Shirt stays on,” Tony whispers, and it’s another little punch to the gut, another little facet of how damaged Tony is, how much of it Steve overlooked, how much of it Steve
“No,” Steve bites out. His body is coiled tight, like he’s in danger, and Tony should know to back off, he really should. But he never does what’s good for him. He wouldn’t be Tony Stark if he did, would he?
“Of course I do, I do everything best,” he says offhandedly. He brushes imaginary lint off the front of his shirt, inspects the back of his nails.
He hears the door open behind him, then close gently. He thinks maybe he should care that someone’s entered his room without knocking, but again, it doesn’t matter. Nothing does.
“Sir—“
And right now, Steve Rogers is lecturing Tony on unnecessary risks and Tony kind of wants to hit him.
After a couple of minutes which he spends breathing shallowly while the nurse putters around checking his vitals and charts and drips, he's finally got his breath back.
“Sure. Where’re we going?”
TONY STARK PRESUMED DEAD
Tony is shaking his head wordlessly. He’s speechless. His throat is completely closed up, he can’t believe this is happening. He loves Steve, Steve loves him, but Steve’s leaving him, he’s breaking up with him.
Steve shrugs, massive shoulders flexing and relaxing and Tony’s hands creep up to settle on them, pushing gently into the firm muscles, massaging. Steve’s eyes flutter closed.
It’s been a particularly long day, and it’s the middle of the week so Tony’s not expecting company. He’s sprawled on his black leather couch, head tilted back against the cushions, humming along to the classic rock music he’s got playing softly in the background. There’s a StarkPad on the seat next to him, but he’d abandoned that a while ago, when his vision got a little blurry. He’s on his fourth glass of high-end scotch now, and if they’re a little more full than they should be when he refills, no one needs to know. It’s just him, and his music, and a whole 12 hours until he has to be at a meeting tomorrow.
“Will it make you feel better if I get Natasha’s approval first? She can go through all my clothes and pick something that meets your standards.”
The nurse clucks her tongue at him, though thankfully pulls her hand away. Tony lets out a small sigh of relief, though he quickly sucks in a breath when the doctor takes his wrist to feel his pulse. His skin crawls at the touch and he holds his breath, heart pounding, until the doctor lets go. He pulls out a small light that he shines into each of Tony’s eyes, then tucks it away.
Steve is standing now, too, but he makes no move to come towards Tony. He crosses his arms over his chest and he’s one step away from being Captain America and that’s the last thing Tony needs right now.
“Yeah,” he says, and it’s flat and empty and god, when did this happen to him? To them?
Tony’s quiet for a minute, thinking, and then he leans in to peck Steve on the lips.
“J, this smacks of betrayal. Of guilt trips and betrayal, and I know you know not to execute anything when I’m being manipulated. I’m pretty sure I winked or crossed my fingers or something when I agreed to this, you saw me, don’t pretend you didn’t, you have 42 surveillance cameras on this floor alone.” He hears a chuckle from Steve’s direction. Glancing over, his mouth quirks up as he sees how relaxed the Captain is, sinking into the soft couch, smiling vaguely at the ceiling as he listens to Tony bicker with his AI. His bratty, backstabbing AI.
“No, listen, Steve, I— Me, too. Me too. I’ve loved you for— for a long time, I think.” Tony feels like an idiot, feels his face flushing, pushes deeper into the space between Steve’s shoulder and neck, but Steve’s not having it. He pulls Tony out and his face is so happy, Tony must have said something right because Steve’s smile is brilliant and Tony can feel his mouth starting to turn up at the edges, too.
On his screen, Steve is backing slowly away from the door. “Tony, they’re right outside the door.” His voice is still quiet. He grabs his shield from where it had been leaning against the wall. He’s standing in front of Jamie’s crib now, and Jamie has gone silent, perhaps sensing the tension in the room.
Tony pulls away and starts shooting off questions. “How is she? What happened? Can we see her?”
Steve rolls his eyes and smiles. It's a nice smile, Tony thinks.
“Steve,” he pants, when Steve breaks off to mouth at his neck once again, and his voice comes out hoarse and deep, and Steve groans. Tony’s stomach does a little flop at the sound and he closes his eyes to regain his composure.
Steve breaks eye contact first, mumbles something about using the restroom. He makes his way to the back of the bar, stumbles into the stall and leans back against the door. His breath is coming in sharp pants and he needs to get a hold of himself. Nobody knows he’s Steve Rogers. He’s supposed to be keeping a low profile, staying under the radar in case something goes awry at this conference. He’s not supposed to be meeting up with Tony fucking Stark at a seedy pub, having heart to hearts and breaking down in front of the guy.
A nurse reaches to clean the blood, and he flinches away, startled. He doesn’t know her. He doesn’t know himself. Mr. Stark, they said?
“To Asgardian liquor,” Tony shouts across at him, and it takes Steve a second before he puts two and two together. He clinks his glass against Tony’s and takes a large swallow of the Asgardian-scotch cocktail. The Asgardian liquor is nearly tasteless, so Steve’s able to appreciate the smokey flavor of the expensive scotch Tony ordered. It’s exciting, in a way, to be able to drink with someone and know that his drink is having the same effect on him as theirs is on them.
Except it happens again. It’s less an insult and more just an explosion of temper this time, and Steve literally storms out of the penthouse and leaves the Tower at 2 in the morning and Tony is a mess because he has no idea when he did to set him off this time. Some smart ass comment, but that’s Tony, that’s what he does, and Steve knows that, but now it’s like they’re back at square one, like that first day on the helicarrier when everything Tony said was like nails on a chalkboard to Steve and hackles were raised and everything was taken the wrong way on both sides. Except now it’s just one way and Tony doesn’t know how they got here.
Tony rockets his way to where he last saw Steve and Barnes, calling out on the comm.
“What?” he breathes.
feel. Worthless. Abandoned.
“Well,” the blonde says, hands curled around his cup. “Have a nice night.”
Thor lands next to him and helps, and soon enough they've got Tony out of the pile and they drag him a short distance away.
Steve opens his eyes slowly, eyelashes clumped together. Tony gives him a sad little smile before he closes the distance and presses their lips together. It’s salty and wet, and his heart jumps into his throat at the same time his stomach drops to his knees.
There are no doctors in the main treatment area, so Tony just pushes Steve toward a cot and points imperiously at it. Steve grins and sits obediently, swinging his legs, and Tony wheels over a tray with gauze and other first aid supplies. He pulls up a rolling chair and reaches for Steve's other hand, gently unwinding the wrap, mumbling beneath his breath about stupid super soldiers and their lack of self preservation and just because he heals at an accelerated rate doesn't mean he should pound his hands into mince meat. Steve bites his tongue at the "lack of self preservation" comment, not wanting to snap and break the truce they seem to have reached, but it's a struggle.
Steve tells him he’ll be back next Friday with Sam’s flight suit and Tony tells him he’ll work on everyone’s uniforms and accessories and weapons regardless, and that Steve doesn’t need a reason to keep coming back. Steve smiles shyly, face flushing with pleasure, before they lose another hour or two in each other.
Steve takes a step back as if Tony had actually hit him. His gut turns to stone, heavy and painful. “Tony,” he says, appalled.
“Mm. Virginia Is For Lovers,” Tony says, obviously quoting something, voice dropping into a low rumble. Steve shivers slightly.
Tony tries not to get his hopes up. There are a couple more rumbles over the next hour, but nothing as loud as the last one, and one far-off firefight that lasts for about fifteen minutes before it’s over. Tony’s just starting to settle down again when the metal locks screech on the door and he’s hurrying over to stand by Yinsen.
It chimes again, the tone for a text, and he sighs, turning off the soldering iron and putting it in it’s cradle. He digs through the pieces of whatever he was working on yesterday, he can’t remember, until he finds his StarkPhone, surface cracked from where he’d thrown it against the wall last night after one too many nightcaps.
“I’m fine,” he croaks out. It seems he does understand. His voice is gravelly and hoarse from disuse, and he wonders how long he was wandering around in that darkness. Maybe he really was in a coma. Maybe he’s been in a coma for years.
“Thanks, Tony, for everything. It was a real pleasure meeting you.” And he sounds like he means it, and as Steve turns to walk away Tony’s resolve crumbles to little bitty pieces.
Upon stepping into the sleek lounge area, he gets his first close-up look at the new and improved Captain America. He hasn’t seen him in person since the Chitauri battle over two years ago, though he’s kept tabs on him in the meantime (along with anonymous donations here and there to fund the whole My Best Friend Is A Psychotic Assassin And I’m Going To Save Him Because I’m Just That Good Of A Guy thing). Tony doesn’t really like what he sees.
“I’m literally going insane. Nuts and bolts crazy. I feel like a crazy person. Do I look like a crazy person?” Tony asks, looking over at Yinsen. He shakes his head and laughs harshly. “Don’t answer that, I’m wearing a tank top in a frozen cave with a car battery wired to my chest while playing a game of backgammon. I am a fucking crazy person.”
The club is large, two stories, with three bars on the bottom floor alone. The second story acts like a wide balcony along the edges of the building, with more, smaller bars and couches for seating. The center is open down to the ground floor, where an oversized dance floor sits, already crowded with bodies moving to the music.
“The rest is history. It was the Accords or retire. Or become a fugitive, I guess,” Tony finishes ruefully.
Tony flinches. She's terrifying.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Tony. You’re being ridiculous,” he says, and Tony can hear the struggle to keep his voice calm.
It’s not even half a minute before she replies.
Steve sighs, kisses Tony’s forehead before pushing him off and reaching over for his phone. He looks at the screen and frowns, glances at Tony and accepts the call.
They walk hand in hand until they’re only a block from Tony’s hotel. There, Tony pulls Steve to a stop and the other man turns around to face him, question in his clear blue eyes.
for you, it’s been like a vacation for me, really.”
Steve is creeping back toward the panic room door, pressing his ear against the smooth surface.
“Yes! He’s here because— because I don’t trust myself around you, alright?” Tony scoffs. Steve makes an agitated noise and continues. “You make me so angry, and I don’t trust myself not to hurt you again. Sam’s here to help me control myself if I get upset.”
The doctor nods solemnly. “Alright. We’re going to run some tests, see what we’re dealing with here, but try not to worry too much. Head injuries can be unpredictable, but memory loss is not uncommon, like I said before. Just get some rest, and I’ll be back later, okay?”
Tony snorts. “Thanks for the pep talk, Cap, but I really don’t need it. I’m right where I’m supposed to be. And I know you guys are doing just fine without Iron Man, so let’s drop this before it turns into one of our famous screaming matches, huh?”
The way Steve kisses makes Tony practically melt into the floor. It’s pleasant and soothing, full of heat and searching. It makes Tony feel exposed, vulnerable, in ways that with someone else might make him uncomfortable. But he feels safe with Steve, protected, almost, and he lets the other man explore his mouth thoroughly.
“Can you put on a movie? Which Star Wars are you up to now, Steve? Return of the Jedi?”
He’s patting his face dry with the hotel’s soft cotton towel when he looks up into the mirror and sees Tony standing in the doorway. The light must have woken him up. He’s leaning one shoulder against the frame, arm wrapped low around his stomach, other hand tapping absently on the center of his chest. Steve recognizes the nervous tic as something Tony does when he feels particularly vulnerable, a remnant of the days when he still had the arc reactor.
“My job. I’m a banker,” Steve says, and it’s a lie and he hates it, but he mentally shrugs of the pang of guilt at lying to Tony again. Some things are necessary.
He spends a lot of time in his private lab. He’s been terrible at going to meetings for SI, telling Pepper that he’s on the verge of a breakthrough, and who knows, he might be, he can hardly remember what he’s working on at the moment but it must be something good because it’s keeping the asshat shareholders quiet.
He turns around to face the Captain, arms thrown wide. “Here is it. Your very own Stark Tower apartment.” He grins at the shellshocked look on the other man’s face. “What do you think?”
Steve’s hand squeezes tighter. “It’s not like that,” he says, voice low. Tony knows he’s treading in dangerous waters but couldn’t keep his mouth shut if he wanted to.
He hears Tony say his name on moans and whimpers and breathless sighs and he wonders if Tony is thinking of Steve from Virginia, or if he’s thinking of another Steve. He’s heartsick that he’s never realized the depths of his feelings for this man before now, but he’s so, so grateful they’ve never done this before as well, because surely Tony would remember the way his body feels and responds to his touches, the way his mouth tastes, the way he says Tony’s name when he comes.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing, huh?” Tony snarls, pushing hard at Bucky’s shoulders. He doesn’t budge, the fucking prick, but it makes Tony feel better anyway. He pushes him harder. “You have no right being here, this is my fucking apartment, this is my fucking
He sees Tony gesture up towards their seating area and turns away, looking up toward the deejay booth. The music has been a steady stream of thumping, electronic beats, and while Steve would never listen to it in his spare time, with the alcohol coursing through his veins he doesn’t hate it. It almost makes him want to move with it.
“What brings you to beautiful Switzerland?” Tony asks, that piercing attention back on the drink in his hands. He’s swirling it in circles now, liquid climbing up the sides of the glass but never spilling, fingers never stopping their constant movement.
Tony signals for another drink and Steve wants to stop him, wants to tell him he’s had enough, but it’s not his place. It never has been and it certainly isn’t now.
“And don’t shave!” Steve looks back at him, eyebrow raised, rubbing his prickly cheeks self-consciously. “We’re not undercover, but we don’t exactly want to be mobbed all night either. Keep the scruff. Plus, five o’clock shadow is super sexy nowadays!” With that, Tony shoos him away and Steve heads out to find Natasha.
“Not you, too, Cap. I hear it enough from Pepper.” He grabs two Dr. Peppers and closes the door, turning back toward Steve and food.
Tony tsks reprovingly before he pushes his goggles over his eyes and gets back to work, Iron Man parts spread on the workbench in front of him. Bruce just keeps smiling and gets back to his own work, something DNA-related with swirling strands of letters and numbers winking in and out of existence at Bruce’s whim on the other side of the room.
"The press says awful things about you all the time."
"You're alone. I thought my circle was small, but you don't have a Happy or a Pepper or a Rhodey."
The moment they stepped into the elevator, Tony became
Steve pressed the pad of his thumb against the bed of his fork and said, “Yes, you do. You wouldn’t come to me unless you’d already thought it through.”
Tony ran a hand over his face and grumbled an impressive stream of expletives.
"Not a damn thing, Miss Potts."
“He told me, ‘You’re going to like Rhodey more than you like me.’ And I do like you. About me and Tony, I didn’t put a lot of thought into it at first. I was bored, and this is a way for me to make life interesting again.” Steve swallowed thickly then admitted, “I was in love with Bucky.”
His phone buzzed with an alarm labeled, "GET ASS MOVING." Steve grabbed his wallet then burst out his door and down the stairs before he could give this shitshow any more thought. He walked to the Nostrand station and caught the A train down to Fulton where he transferred before popping out fifteen minutes later at Grand Central.
Steve laughed as he started to pull away, but Tony had his fingers through one of Steve's belt loops.
“Everything’s a battle to you, isn’t it?”
He listened to the clock tick.
Steve had found an unopened white tablecloth the perfect size for his table. He pulled it out of the package then tried (and failed) to smooth out the lines. He hung light green blackout curtains atop the living room window and centered them on the edges. They grazed the ground and made the room look just a bit taller. It was those or a pair of shorter black ones, and the green was the same color as the fridge. It lightened the place up, anyway.
. You asked why they pushed me out. I went out because, as one of the majors said, they didn't want 'that fucking queer getting proper men killed because his dick buddy died before he could get some.'"
"Am I doing this wrong, somehow?"
“I don’t want them asking about Austria.”
“Go for it, then. I’ve got to dash, but call me again soon?”
“An invasive species.”
“You’ve given me eight days and an ocean of space, Tony.”
Tony squeezed his hand and insisted, “You’re my kind of fun these days.”
He leapt up from the floor and grabbed his phone. Two missed calls from Sam and a voicemail from an unknown number. Steve wiped the crust from his eyes and pressed play.
“Sometimes, the location isn’t what makes a home. It’s a person.”
“What did she say?”
“If Tony Stark puts his arm around you, it’s a one-way ticket to Tinseltown. People have gotten modeling gigs, acting gigs, put themselves on the map just being seen with him for a night. He held your hand, Rogers, and that means everyone in the city knows who you are. So what’s your endgame?”
want to talk about it, and we broke up.”
“I know.”
Steve blinked and nodded.
Steve smiled.
She grinned at him and replied, “Hey, soldier.”
"Buck and I—"
are honest with each other and I told you about Afghanistan, so you ..."
boyfriend.
“I met someone.”
"Don't try to get around it, Stark, this was just a presser for you." The skinny man in a pinstripe suit sipped from a half-empty glass. Hammer? No one had bothered to tell him there was a stain on his tie. "Dragging your latest fling in front of the cameras so they'll forget about the fact that you're about to lose the most important thing in your life."
2 minutes.
“Wow.” Tony nodded and zoomed in on the photo a bit. “You’re a gorgeous couple.”
The line went dead and Steve plugged the charger back into his phone. He was asleep the moment his head hit the pillow.
Steve glanced over at him, hair sticking up, hoodie discarded somewhere on Steve’s bedroom floor. The collar of his t-shirt was stretched out a bit from where he’d spent the day tugging on it. Steve turned off the shower and said,
“Nat …”
Then he turned left and caught sight of Tony at the end of the hall. Steve paused for a moment to look at President and CEO Tony Stark. The man at the head of the table was different from first date!Tony and asshole!Tony, who looked prepared to murder the man giving the presentation. The pencil in Tony's hand had snapped, but his fingers were still clamped around the nub as his thumb dug into the broken wood on top.
"Morning!" Tony half-shouted when he caught sight of Steve. The smile on his face was real. "Steve, this is my best friend, Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey, this is—"
She leaned across the table and said, "Neither of us should want to have this conversation out here. You need money and I have a very, very interesting job opportunity you are perfect for. Think about it, then come see me."
“I don’t think there is a way this ends that won’t hurt.”
"Are there more?"
“That she told you to sleep with your boyfriend. Which is what I told you, and I know Sam told you the same thing.”
Tony grinned.
Rhodes’s words echoed in Steve’s mind.
She smiled, and that was as much of an answer he would get.
She looked confused.
He rifled through his dresser drawers. No to the button-downs. All his t-shirts looked the same. He needed a shirt that said, “I’m worth the wait.” He grabbed the cashmere sweater and pulled it over his head, careful not to mess up his hair. He sat at the kitchen table and pressed the video call button before he could think any longer.
"How?"
"Of course I mean it. But you didn't hire me to like you, Tony, you hired me to be at your side for a full year."
“Did you have sex with him?”
“He was my friend, too,” snapped Peggy. “I knew him, and he took a risk that cost him his life. You have to allow him the dignity of that choice, and the last thing he would have wanted was for you to stop living your life. He would hate knowing we lost our chance. The universe has given you another one and James would want you to give it your best shot.”
"How long were you in the army, again?"
"My life here in New York wasn't worth much. I'd say you've already given me a hell of a lot more than I had when I got back. This is not a hardship for me. We're a team, we have a goal, and I am going to do something worthwhile for the first time in God only knows how long."
"Captain Steve Rogers," he answered, hand outstretched.
He whispered to himself, "What the hell ...?" Then sipped some more of his drink. As he slurped the dregs at the bottom of the plastic cup, he glanced down at the business card on the table. It was vague, purposefully so. It had her name, Pepper Potts, and the address 200 Park Avenue.
“The problem for me is that I believe you will be good for him. I just don’t know for how long.”
“First and best, baby.”
Steve to Literally Anyone Who Will Listen: I really like this guy. A lot. Like, we're planning a wedding.
She looked up at him and smiled just the slightest bit.
“I believe you.”
Steve offered his hand and they shook on it. Then Tony went back to slurping the dregs of his milkshake until their waitress came by and he ordered a rootbeer float. Tony grumbled,
“What, you think people are walking around, talking about how Cap’s gay now?” Sam gave him a look. “Come on, Steve, nobody is surprised. Nobody is shocked Stark drives on both sides of the road, either. I think we are kind of amazed you finally took that step forward. It makes everyone uncomfortable since it looks like you left the military because they wouldn’t let you be who you are.”
“There is something I need to tell you.”
"Okay," was all Tony said for two blocks. He kept processing it and repeated, "Okay."
Steve smiled and introduced himself to everyone with a handshake and, "Nice to meet you, I'm Steve Rogers." His ma taught him people would be more helpful if he showed them respect, and Steve needed to trust these people. The last thing he wanted was to look like the toy soldier at Tony's side, shrinking into an ill-fitting suit.
"Yeah." Tony sighed heavily and turned his back to Steve.
“Yeah, Steve,” he added, “maybe you should sleep with your boyfriend.”
The only person he
“Why are you here?”
"Does that make me the asshole?"
Thirty minutes and a lot of self-reflecting later, Happy arrived. Steve opened the door with the duffel bag hanging off his shoulder and suitcase rolling along behind him. The photographers hadn’t moved, lenses still pointed in Steve’s direction. He shuffled through them, might have “accidentally” rolled over someone’s toes with his suitcase, and Happy met him at the limousine door.
“As if you’re one to talk?” asked Steve.
He always laid down on his bed at eleven, but never went to sleep when his head hit the pillow. Someone upstairs always flushed the toilet between eleven-thirty and midnight, so the pipes creaked like clockwork. The ice maker went off around one and it always dumped six cubes. Steve never figured out why since it had been set to "off" as long as he’d lived there. His neighbor's front door always opened then slammed shut at three. The microwave went off at four for no reason, and Steve was still staring at the ceiling.
“But I’ve done the self-pity bullshit for a few months now, and I think this might be fun.”
"You have so much more to offer than you know," Tony insisted. "But if this is what you want, I'm going to spend this time proving I am worth it."
10:00.
“Thank you.”
Taking instructions like a dancing monkey. Steve swallowed his pride; he assumed he had left that line of work. He turned around and looked at Mr. Stark with new focus. That man was many things, but he sure as hell wouldn't be boring. Stepping toward the door, Steve asked,
"Should you?" Steve asked.
"Good morning, Stark."
Tony insisted, "Most of them probably aren't true."
"No."
“Figured I would stop by Carol’s and see if she will let me crash on her couch while I figure out where to go from here.”
"Are you expecting me to salute, soldier?"
“Do you really like him?”
“All of it.”
"Thank you, Jarvis." He adjusted his feet as the elevator began its ascent. "How has Tony been?"
“With Tony.”
She smiled that sad smile again and admitted, “When you’re with Tony as long as I was, you see how much he deserves in a partner. I still feel guilty that I couldn’t give it to him. I hope you can.”
"I really can't take you seriously when you call yourself a 'Thorapist.'"
"Really?" Tony scoffed. "You'd make my life miserable just to prove you can?"
Life without Tony was far more boring than Steve remembered. He was a bit dejected to find that Tony wasn’t waiting for him outside of his VA group on Saturday. Steve knew he wouldn’t be there, but some part of him still hoped Tony would pop out of nowhere and say, “Germany sucked without you, soldier.”
“That’s terrifying.”
Steve pulled the new sweater over his t-shirt and smiled softly to himself. Peggy’s right; it was time.
"He's a good friend and he hates these things almost as much as I do."
“I have no control over the outcome. None. Whether the surgery is a success or a failure; I have no impact on it. I have to trust other people to keep me alive, when all everyone has ever done is try to kidnap me, kill me, use me, frame me for illegal weapons sales—”
“That’s me and Peggy.”
"In order to grow, you must let go of the past."
“Well … I could use a ride.”
Steve opened the door and said, “You’ve been banished.”
"Okay," Steve agreed, stifling a yawn. "What time do I need to be here?"
Steve smiled for the cameras and wrapped his arm around Tony's waist. His worry wasn't truly about the press. He spent his first nine years in the army convinced the sky would come crashing down if he so much as looked at Bucky the wrong way. The subsequent three years were spent hiding his grief, the anger at himself for losing what might have been. Steve spent his entire life hiding the fact that he liked men, and there he was showing it to the world.
"I know, soldier." Tony's smile softened as he repeated, "I know."
was gonna come out, and here we are. I suppose you’re right.”
“Why?”
Steve jumped out of his chair and positioned himself in front of Pepper Potts. The voice had come from the couch. Steve watched as a man popped up from inside the pile of blankets, some of which appeared to be a Snuggie. The man’s hair stuck up in a dozen antigodlin directions and his voice was thick with sleep when he spoke again.
"May I walk you home?"
Steve shrugged and admitted, "Even if I had an answer, I probably wouldn't give it to you."
Tony made for the DJ booth at the back. The woman next to Steve leaned over to whisper,
Steve laughed, half-embarrassed and half-relieved that Tony hadn’t gotten bored and left. They walked outside and Steve immediately went for Tony’s hand, twining their fingers together as they went on, searching for a nondescript place to eat.
“I can’t believe it.”
"We were friends for a very long time. It, um, the relationship we shoulda had wasn't the sort of thing that was tolerated."
"No, ma'am." He stood up to leave, but couldn't bring himself to fully turn toward the door. "I just try to do what's right, and I try to help people."
He shrugged and admitted, "I would probably call you."
Tony sat up, patted Steve on the arm, and replied, “You’ll get there. We will get there together, right?”
Before he could even offer his hand or his name, the girl turned away.
Steve insisted, “I didn’t end anything. Tony told me something very important and I didn’t react the way he hoped I would. Before I could say anything, he was running out the door.”
“But they ask me, am I gay? Obviously I am not gay. I am an
“Sleep with your hot boyfriend, Steve.”
Tony laughed and everything settled back into their easy camaraderie. Steve allowed himself to be led over to a group of men who oozed the sort of overblown cockiness he'd often seen in men with more power than they were worth. Parting the circle was like walking into a wall of cologne and Steve backed away to wipe his eyes.
"I have my VA therapy on Saturdays. After those meetings I'm not much for talking. Or walking. Or doing much of anything."
"You grabbing my ass is not a problem."
“I asked you first.”
, to be with you, Tony Stark.”
He doesn't know when he started letting his emotions get the better of him like this. Actually, he's lying to himself; he does. The minute Tony Stark stepped onto the helicarrier deck and started mouthing off, looking so much like Howard and yet so different, something intangible setting him apart. Maybe his mother's influence, or maybe the product of a childhood filled with robots and butlers and a ghost of a father.
“Tell me about your family,” Tony says suddenly. Yinsen looks up questioningly. “Wife? Kids? Are they smart? Wanna be doctors, like you?” Tony throws out questions before he can think better of it. He doesn’t know if he’s crossed a line; so far, every time they’ve talked about Yinsen’s family he’s found a way to sidestep the topic. But Tony learned long ago how to bulldoze through uncertainty and awkwardness to get answers, and right now he wants to hear about things worth living for, things worth going home to.
Steve exhales slowly. Closes his eyes and swallows.
So. Plans. He does try to make them occasionally, and follow them, but really, this is what happens. One thing goes wrong, and that causes something else to go lopsided, and Tony may be a futurist but he can’t predict when stupid supervillian henchmen are going to actually be supervillian Doombots with weapons enhanced by Hydra, and soon the Avengers are all running around trying to find the leader Doombot so they can disable all of them at once, while their erstwhile leader is off trying to convince his dead-but-not-dead best friend to come back to the side of Good.
, and Tony’s here thinking about only himself, like he’s always done. Even Bucky fucking Barnes, the fucking
“Wow. That’s— Wow,” Steve gets out, still laughing a little.
His phone chimes somewhere in the pile of scrap metal on his workbench and he ignores it. He’s getting tired of the concerned friends thing, he’s fine, he just has to work himself out of this funk he’s gotten himself into.
It’s a perfectly innocent, perfectly fair question, but Tony’s already shaking his head. He can’t. He doesn’t want to go there. That’s where the Avengers are, the people he’d put in danger. The team he’d let down. He’ll fix their equipment and build them new and improved weapons and even help fund the new HQ, but he’s not part of that group anymore, he’s not a hero. After everything he did, he can’t imagine they’d want to see him anyway. He doesn’t know why Steve wants to see him, but Steve was always the best of them, always so good and so kind, always forgiving Tony for things he doesn’t deserve forgiveness for.
He’s just now starting to take that to heart. Steve's a stubborn guy, he knows he is, but Bucky has outsmarted him at every turn. Steve’s hardly laid eyes on him since he started searching for him, never even come close to approaching him. The closest he’d gotten was in Hungary at a market, but a bus drove by and by the time it’d passed Bucky’d vanished into thin air. It’s like Bucky was always one step ahead of him, regardless of all the help he’s been getting.
He's doodling ideas on a small pad of paper stamped with the hospital logo when Steve walks in.
They all hang out for a while, making small talk and keeping conversation light, and Tony is content to listen and chip in a smart ass comment every now and again, taking it all in and letting his body relax. The team eventually leaves to eat and rest, and Tony is left with Pepper and Rhodey. Rhodey has taken Thor's spot near Tony's shoulder and Pepper's in the chair Clint vacated, and the moment Tony turns to her her eyes fill up and she's hiccuping back little sobs.
“You’re welcome,” Steve says with all the sincerity he can convey. It’s killing him, seeing this side of Tony, parts of him he’s never seen before, not because he didn't have the opportunity but because he never took the time to look. Tony’s always been so strong, so untouchable in his mind, that he never stopped to think that he’s human, that he hurts and has been hurt, that he might need help, even when he acts like he doesn’t.
“I have the Times, if you want it,” Cargo Guy calls from across the room. He’s picking up a newspaper that Tony hadn’t noticed lying on the table in front of him, holding it out to Tony with a questioning tilt to his head.
Steve opens his mouth but doesn’t have an answer. Tony continues, looking down at his hands now, fingers dancing over the rim of his glass. “You seem like a decent guy. You talk about your friends, you’ve traveled, you’re nice enough. You're handsome. Why are you hiding out here?”
“Steve, no,” he says, stepping forward and grabbing Steve’s hands in his.
Tony laughs incredulously. “Let it go? Seriously? You haven’t even let it go, Steve, how am I supposed to?”
He doesn’t realize he’s repeating the words over and over until the person pulls him into their body, shushing him and petting his head with shaking hands. He’s sobbing so hard his body physically hurts, but it’s nothing, nothing compared to how he feels inside, he’s hollow, filled with nothing but pain, his family is gone, Steve is gone…
“Another?” the guy asks, accent thick in his deep voice. Steve nods, pushing his beer bottle across the bar, opens his mouth to speak before he changes his mind.
“So, you’re in town for the Accords conference,” Steve says. It’s not really a question. Tony nods anyway.
He wakes up in his bed. His and Steve’s bed. He can smell Steve on the sheets. He’s going to roll over and Steve is going to be there, smiling at him in the soft morning light, finger to his lips, telling him to be quiet, because Jamie just fell back to sleep and maybe they can have a little alone time before he wakes up again.
Steve’s strong hands rub up and down his back soothingly. He’s murmuring calming words into Tony’s hair and Tony can’t believe how stupid he’s been to risk this, how lucky he is, how amazing this man is, that’s he’s still here, holding Tony after what he did. Tony can believe that Steve forgives him, he doesn’t lie about things like that, but Tony swears to himself that he’s going to make it up to him. He’s going to give Steve everything he deserves, for as long as he’ll have him.
It’s true, he does feel better, holding their son in his arms. Jamie is the spitting image of Steve, and seeing him is hard, very hard, because he sees Steve in everything the kid does. But it’s almost a good pain, bittersweet, being reminded of his husband so vividly. It’s cathartic, and soothing, to know that Steve is living on in the world, that part of him is still right here with Tony. That Tony can see that part of him every day, and he take care of Jamie and love him and treasure him and remember everything wonderful about Steve every time he looks into their son’s sky blue eyes.
Steve feels like he can breathe again.
He doesn't say anything, but Steve can feel his stare. He sighs, drops his hands between his knees, wraps hanging half-undone. He drops his chin to his chest and sighs again.
They’re all sitting around him, his team, his friends, and he feels like he doesn’t know them at all.
“Tony had a protein bar at 7am this morning but hasn’t eaten anything since, Steve,” she says, sounding entirely too pleased with getting Tony in trouble. Why do all of his AIs get pleasure out of tattling on him to Steve? JARVIS had done it, too, during that short stint they’d all lived in the Tower together.
“For what?” he asks hotly. He’s been so sad lately, so withdrawn and upset that he’s shocked at the anger burning up from within him. It’s sudden and powerful and he wants to lash out, make Steve feel how Steve made
Tony flips imaginary hair over his shoulder with a prim hand. "It's because nobody can pull it off quite like me. You like it, it’s okay to admit it.” He flutters his eyelashes ridiculously.
Tony opens his mouth, to say what exactly he doesn’t know, deny it or brush it off, he’s not good with thank yous and he’s not used to people being so direct, he’s in business and politics and people saying anything but what they really mean. But before he can say anything at all, Rogers continues.
Steve huffs, and before he can get a word out Tony cuts in. “Khakis don’t count, grandpa. Neither do slacks. You know what, forget it, I’ll get you clothes, if you want it done right you have to do it yourself,” he says, muttering the last bit to himself, pulling out his phone.
Tony's doesn't think he's forgiven, exactly, but he also thinks he's mostly safe from losing any important body parts in the near future.
“Sit down, Tony, and eat something. I bet you skipped lunch again, didn’t you?” Tony opens his mouth to deny it but FRIDAY, the traitor, cuts him off.
Bucky immediately crosses the short distance between them and crouches in front of him, elbows resting on his knees and hands knotted together tightly, watching in silence as Tony breaks down in front of him.
Tony turns immediately, sees Steve standing next to the bed, face pale, arms hanging at his sides, phone still clutched tightly in his hand. Tony freezes.
“Bruce, how could you?” he says plaintively. Bruce just laughs and shakes his head at Tony’s antics.
Tony nods solemnly. “I shot a 162 at the last charity golf tournament I played at.” Steve nearly chokes on his beer, coughs as he sets it down on the bar. He doesn’t know golf that well, but he knows enough to know that’s awful. Tony grins while he slaps him on the back genially.
He takes another deep breath and lets it out, gathering his wits.
Clint is the first to speak directly to him, no surprise there.
Steve shakes his head again, squeezes Tony’s hands briefly. “I can’t. Do this. I love you, Tony, but I can’t do this anymore.”  Tony’s stomach drops to his feet, his vision grays out at the edges, and he sways slightly. “Steve, no—“
His chest tight with feelings, Steve kneels down in the aisle, lowering himself to Tony’s level, sliding his hand down to cup the other man’s cheek. He reaches his left hand up to Tony’s face, feeling weak and pathetic and wanting so badly that he doesn’t care a bit. He cups Tony’s other cheek in his left hand, runs both thumbs over sharp cheekbones. Tony’s eyelids flutter again, and Steve doesn’t pull away. When Tony’s eyes blink open, Steve wonders what he sees, if his face shows how desperate he feels, the need painted onto every inch of his skin.
A few minutes later and the bartender slides a new drink over to Tony, says something and motions to Steve. Tony looks up as the bartender leaves, eyes finding Steve across the bar. He raises his eyebrows, mouth turned up on one side in a puzzled smile, then raises the new drink in a little salute. Steve tips his beer bottle back at him.
“Bruce, come on, don’t lose your cool now, we have to go. We have to get out of here, come on, I’ve got a helicopter, we’re going to California, we can figure it out there, but you have to calm down and follow me. Come on, Brucie-Bear.”
“I can’t,” he chokes out. “I can’t do that. I can’t make that decision. I— It’s too soon. She could still wake up, still be okay, she’s Pepper, she’s been away from her desk for too long, she’s probably going crazy inside her own head and she’ll wake up and ask for a tablet and the stock ratings—“ He breaks off, unable to say any more. He sits up, removing himself from Steve’s strong arms and pulling his hand free from Rhodey’s. He rubs his face in his hands, scrubbing his eyes hard with his fingers. They’re gritty and swollen and he’s sure he’s dehydrated.
good, they were pretty drunk after all). Natasha and Sam join them more often than not, and sometimes even Rhodey tags along, and it’s a good time all around.
Tony grits his teeth, looks back down at his worktop. He’s soldering very tiny bits of electronics together and Steve fucking Rogers is not going to make him lose his concentration over a conversation they’ve had a hundred times.
Just then a doctor comes out from the double doors in front of them, pulling his mask down under his chin. They turn to him, Rhodey squeezing Tony’s arm sharply, a nonverbal command to keep his mouth shut. Tony wants to glare at him but can’t look away from the doctor’s face.
“At ease, Cap. Long time no see.”
“I’m a Cancer,” Steve repeats. “Not a Capricorn.”
They walk several blocks, lost in their own thoughts, before Tony changes the subject. “So where are you headed? I mean, right now, where are you going?”
Steve’s eyes are agonized when he speaks, but his voice is level. “There’s been an accident.” Tony reaches out for the dresser behind him. He’s 21 again and there’s a police officer telling him the same exact thing, that his parents are dead, were killed on impact. He shakes his head sharply, pulling himself back to the present, though he’s not sure if he wants to be here either. He wants to ask Steve who, but he can’t get the words to come out. Steve hears him anyway.
SI profits are soaring and the Avengers are avenging with all of their new equipment and tech, and if Rhodey gives him these sad eyes when he comes to visit it’s easy enough for Tony to ignore.
Tony chuckles, petting Steve’s head gently. “I’m yours, babe. Only yours.” He feels Steve nod, kiss his neck. He pats him companionably on the back, says, “So I know you don’t mind cold Chinese, but I do, and since we’re done with the whole emotional relationship jealousy schtick, mind if we eat while it’s still at least lukewarm?”
Tony is frozen in shock and Steve starts to pull back, and Tony’s brain kicks back into gear and he must look like the most desperate person on the face of the earth when he practically dives forward to capture Steve’s lips with his again, hands flying up to clutch at Steve’s cotton t-shirt, but Steve must not mind too much because he groans and starts kissing Tony back to within an inch of his life. His arm comes around Tony’s body, palming up and down his back before resting on the back of his neck, his head, pulling Tony closer. Tony clambers up onto Steve’s lap, never breaking contact, nipping at Steve’s bottom lip, gasping when Steve breaks away to suck on the sensitive skin of his neck, trailing kisses along his jaw. Steve’s hands are at Tony’s waist now, pulling him down onto his body, and Tony can feel every bit of him, can feel how much Steve wants this, wants him, and his mind short circuits and he whimpers pathetically.
"At least he liked something." He stepped into the penthouse and breathed out, "Wow."
Tony shook his head.
"I get the feeling your background check on me was a bit more thorough than you’re letting on, Miss Potts."
“Miss Potts. May I sit down?”
I’m not even forty! I … I don’t want to live in fear of that.”
“So far.”
"Pancakes or milkshakes, Tony?"
Rhodes was speaking to Tony at the bar. In five minutes, Stark had gone from a sleep-mussed mess to completely presentable, while Steve hadn't even bothered to shave. Tony was wearing the everyday getup of t-shirt, blazer, pants, and shoes that cost more money than they were worth. Rhodes was still wearing his uniform, and held himself like an officer. It was nice to see that, to recognize the rank and feel like he was still part of a system he understood.
"Of everything I can give you, of course you would be most impressed by the water pressure. Anyway, I was thinking that tomorrow—"
“I didn’t tell you because my life never matters to anyone. My mind does; my life doesn’t. It took me awhile to understand you are different, and that’s why I am telling you. I wanted your opinion because I want you to be with me, whatever choice I make.”
“This is Barnes? He’s … pretty. The two of them look happy together, too. You two had things figured out.”
Steve smiled.
"When they know what, Steve?" Tony snapped. "What are you keeping from me?"
He grumbled back, "Rogers."
"Tony?"
"What you did tonight was—"
"Shit." Tony leaned back onto the booth with a grimace. "The repeal didn't go into effect until a few years ago?"
The signal changed and Steve half-jogged across the street. When he was about fifteen feet away, he shouted,
“Captain Rogers!”
“Soon to be married.”
Oh, fuck, this was not the place for that conversation. Or was it? Was there any proper place to speak about what he'd done?
Steve laughed.
"I cared until you assumed I don't want to move on."
"But if I was in the shower," Steve wondered, "would you be able to see me?"
"Welcome to the neighborhood, Mr. Rogers."
something. Then with a million dollars I can get myself a decent apartment and a few more shirts then maybe fix up the venue where my VA group meets. One of my group members, Carol, her girlfriend wants to move up here to New York but can’t afford to right now. Perhaps this money can fix that problem. That's one of the things I like about you, Mr. Stark. I hear that you fix things."
“Do you want to hear Steve? I think we should hear what Steve can do.”
"Yes."
“No, this could be a very bad idea.”
"Miss Potts listed off a bunch of reasons she chose me for this, but I get the feeling there's something else."
Steve felt his cheeks warm up at the question.
“I wanted to feel more at home before you arrived.”
“You and Nat
Tony took Steve's left hand in his and slid a watch onto Steve's wrist. He folded the clasp shut then turned Steve's hand over so he could see the face. Steve glanced at it and all the breath left his body when he read "Rolex" at the top.
"You won't pity me when it's over."
“Thanks.”
"Do it at a board meeting."
The expression on Tony's face said he knew Steve was holding back. Thank God he didn't press further.
“Why are you calling me.” She paused for just a moment before rephrasing. “Why the bloody hell is Tony Stark calling me?”
“Tape measure, obviously. Duct tape because sometimes the easiest solution is the simplest. Flashlight.” Tony clicked it on once, then clicked it off. “It’s more difficult to fix things if you can’t see them. Tiny pliers. Small pliers. Medium pliers. Large pliers.”
“Wanted.”
you," Steve countered.
"It's not the sort of thing you ask about," Steve answered. "If you wanted to tell me, you'd tell me."
Tony asked, “What do you say, soldier? You want to stay awhile?”
The rest of the ride was silent as Steve watched the floor numbers tick up to 61. The doors parted and he made his way down the hall. The walls alongside the hallway were made of glass, and he watched everyone stare as he passed with paper boxes in his hands. With all the suits and well-shined shoes staring back at him, Steve may as well have been the delivery boy.
Steve laughed and glanced over at the executives mumbling around the table. Even the ones seated with their backs to the interior wall had turned around to watch. Steve smiled.
“Steve, Steeeeve,
“Did I leave you a drunk voicemail?”
“You’re alive, Steve.
“If you have to pull tools out from the bottom of your other tools, Steve, then you already have a problem.”
“It’s what passed for fun.”
Running through New York wasn't really running. It was running, jogging, stopping to wait for a light, running across the street, and continuing the process until he hit Prospect Park. Halfway there, someone tapped Steve on his arm in a crosswalk. He pulled out one earbud to hear them say,
"Stay by me and you'll be fine."
will fix it.”
"You said your superiors forced you into retirement because of your impulsivity, but then I was an asshole and you left and ..."
“And I can always un-RSVP.”
“I have no idea.” Steve offered his phone for Sam and Nat to see. “The people, and even the robots in Tony’s world speak English like it’s a different language.”
Then Mr. Stark rounded the corner and took the air right outta Steve's lungs.
"Where is the workshop?"
Stark Tower.
Steve frowned.
"How long have you been together?!"
“Well
Unknown at 8:53 PM wasn’t actually unknown at all. Steve answered the call and put it on speaker.
Tony leaned back against the door and said, “I want you to kiss me.”
“Well.” Tony glanced up at Steve through his eyelashes and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. Something changed in him for a moment, like he’d let go of whatever Tony Stark he’d been trying to be the past few hours. Right then he was simply
"No one has ever taken the time to say things like that about me. More importantly, when people leave none of them ever come back. Not until you did. Now, this might read as me buying you off, and they'll print that after you said all those nice things I gave you a gift that's ... Well, it's extravagant, but I don't have another way to show you how grateful I am that you came back."
Tony giggled and Steve's heart melted. It was too easy to pretend with him, but wasn't this what he had been hired to do?
“This was meant to be a contractual obligation to keep Tony out of trouble. It didn’t matter if you were interested in him. In fact, it would be far easier on both of you if you weren’t. But I hoped you might be. You’re a legend in the military, and it takes someone with that sort of know-how to simultaneously let Tony be who he is while keeping him from wanting to do something stupid. He likes you a lot, Steve. If you like him, then maybe I was right that this will make him happy.”
"Pep calls the paparazzi assholes to let them know we'll be going out. It ensures the magazines have high-resolution photos to print. But this little excursion was not planned so," he smiled, "no paps."
"That's not an entirely unfair portrayal."
“Happy enough.”
"That is the real reason you're angry. You wanted a date free of cameras and people got pictures anyway."
part, of course. It’s more about everything leading up to it. He touches me and it’s different. It’s like eating fries for the first time; so good that you start wondering how you could ever eat anything else. But I don’t know if it is because he is a man, or if it is because he’s Tony.”
Steve countered, “Life is uncertain.”
"Why?!" Tony shouted. "What happened?!"
Steve wondered, "Then why are you doing it now?"
Tony laughed. Steve hadn't ever seen that smile on a tabloid.
“Yes, she did.”
Steve shook his head and asked, "What?"
“James would always tell me, ‘I wanna see you more often, балерина, you’re too pretty to be a ghost.’ I keep thinking he must have felt so alone.”
The man’s face fell, but he tried to keep up a smile. He clapped Tony on the shoulder and said,
"Forgive me." The woman smiled and offered her free hand. "Pepper Potts."
"No one calls me Steven,
Steve gave her shoulder a reassuring squeeze.
"Hey, he is not a 'fling,'" Tony insisted, "he is my boyfriend."
Steve shrugged.
"Miss Potts."
"Jarvis?"
"I have lost people I care about. If you are going to stay with me, if you are going to help me, then I have to make this worth it. Five days in, and I'm already failing miserably."
at Bucky for fear of losing my career, how am I supposed to accept this new reality where I’m allowed to want Tony?”
to get those men."
"Don't say 'It's your house,' because you are here for a year. This is your room and I'm ..." He trailed off like he didn't know what to say. "If it's okay, I want to stay."
"So why aren't you with him now, hot stuff?"
"I only have one question."
Steve could only muster a weak, "What the hell ... ?"
Tony bit down on his bottom lip before asking, "Will you stay over tonight?"
“I’d say that’s true most of the time.”
"Jarvis, I'd like to ask you a question and you might not be able to answer it, but I'm gonna ask you anyway."
“I told her Pepper introduced us and that I pay for our dates.”
"His name was James Buchanan Barnes."
“And he is still waiting for you?”
"The long answer?"
“I miss him, is all I wanted to say.”
"Tony fought back," Steve insisted, a little petulant. "It wasn't like I was in this alone, he all but pushed me out the door."
"Well done, no pickles."
Steve shrugged and said, “I have my pension. This first month has been enough to pay someone to clean my apartment and buy out my lease. I’ll also go shopping for clothes that are more appropriate and … Well, there is something I would like your help with.”
“Miss Potts.”
going to be around for awhile, right?”
“Yes, you did. And when you fucked up, you went in after everyone. That’s what you do, Steve, you run into danger and get everyone out. Now there is no more danger, at least not in the way you’re used to. Media is its own monster to face.”
on YouTube. The show makes him feel sophisticated.”
Steve followed the directions and slowly made his way down the staircase.
"Good morning, ma'am. I have an appointment with Pepper Potts."
Steve nodded and greeted Happy with, "Hello." He gestured to the limousine in front of his apartment and asked, "Is this how Mr. Stark usually picks up his dates?"
“Of course I like him! What’s not to like? He’s smart, he can keep up with Peggy in a way most people can’t, and he lost his leg to an IED in Afghanistan. Sousa is the sort of man you want your best friend to end up with. Honest, trustworthy, looks at Peggy like she hung the stars in the night sky. He is great for her.”
Steve placed his phone on the nightstand and made sure to plug it in before unbuttoning his jeans. He wiggled out of the pants, folded them, and placed them in the second drawer of the bedside table. Steve unclasped his watch and laid it next to his phone. He dove beneath the blankets, pressed the side of his face into a too-thin pillow, and fell asleep the moment he closed his eyes.
“Seven.”
Tony let out a shaky breath through his teeth, relieved at the present tense.
"And fifty different people will have photos of us holding hands on Instagram before we even make it to the tower. Smart." But Tony kept glancing down at their hands like he was analyzing Steve's grip as the photographers and their questions followed them down the street. Steve asked,
"I'm going to guess that was in the redacted part of your file," Tony pouted, unhappy he'd been left out of the loop.
Steve thought on it for a moment. What about his time with Tony made him feel like home?
“Consider it done.”
“Are you embarrassed because you believe your lack of experience means you don’t know how to make
“And life-altering choices should be made based on paparazzi migration patterns,” quipped Steve. “I see.”
"No, you don't lie, but you are confused about why you do certain things. Is it fair to say you made the military your life?"
"Please," Steve insisted, "I want to hear them all."
"How's that?"
"My point, Tony, is that I'd like to be your boyfriend. I'd like to take you on dates and see where it goes, but we don't have that luxury. We have to make this last. What if we are together and don’t make it that far?"
"Is that what you think I'm doing?"
“We were on a path toward a future that would have made us both very happy. Then tragedy happened. Grief happened, Steve, and it changed our path. That does not mean I love you any less than I did then, it just made space in my heart for Daniel. We will be happy in a different way from what you and I would have been, but happy nonetheless. I want you there to celebrate. I sent that invitation two months ago, and I heard you left the army so I thought if I couldn’t find you it meant one of two things, neither of them good.”
"This guy's an equal opportunity employer, my friend," another added.
“Stevie, I hate to break the news to you, but
"I would've been dead were it not for him. There are two pieces of shrapnel less than an inch away from my heart." Tony pulled off his t-shirt to reveal a black tank top, but something was off about it. There was a lump about the size of a fist in the center of Tony's chest, emanating a bright blue glow. He tucked his arms inside the tank and pulled it up to rest around his neck. The scarring around the circular ... whatever the hell was glowing in the middle of Tony's chest, was faint. Whomever cut into him knew what they were doing.
"And then your op went wrong."
“The last time I saw him, he told me, ‘Even when you’re here, you are a thousand miles away.’ You know the last thing he texted me?”
“Because—”
He glared at the group of photographers and said, “You interrupted my run.”
“Stop giving us reason to be.”
“Steve, this is Victor von Doom.”
Steve grabbed the contract off the table and crumpled it in his hand. He turned on his heel and headed for the door, flung it open a bit too hard and it clanged before slamming shut behind him. Steve took the stairs two at a time. Being in the penthouse was suffocating, so high up there wasn't enough air to breathe. Just like it had been on that goddamn mountainside when Steve's best friend slipped through his fingers.
Miss Potts placed the two papers into a file folder then said, "Hardly the first time you've signed away years of your life, is it, Captain Rogers?"
“Where do you work?”
"I bet you have loads of stories I want to hear."
“Yes,” said Peggy, “I suppose you were. It’s getting late, but can we talk sometime, Steve? I miss you, and I worry about you.”
Even with his slow pace and after intentionally missing signals to cross the street—
Tony doesn't hear any more. There’s a high-pitched whining in his ears, and his vision blurs. There’s no way, Bruce is indestructible. They can’t, they couldn’t, he doesn't understand. Bruce is just Bruce, he’s his buddy, his science bro, they watch stupid movies and play chess and argue hypothetical nerd scenarios with each other. Why would anyone want to hurt Bruce?
He has a moment of panic, stomach flipping uncomfortably, before he remembers the Photostatic Veil he borrowed from Natasha. A quick glance in the mirror behind the bar verifies his disguise is still in place. Shaggy brown hair in need of a cut, dark eyes, sharp nose, thinner jaw than his own. He’s nearly the opposite of his natural looks, still handsome but much less distinct. His voice is a little higher. He’s dressed differently as well; Instead of his usual tight t-shirt and dark working pants, he’s got on a burgundy sweater over a button down, slacks, and oxfords. He’s supposed to be a banker. He feels like he looks the part.
If he were any other man he’d be drunk, but he’s a supersoldier, so of course he’s stone-cold sober when he gets back to the compound at one in the morning. He drops his gear off in their bedroom, leaving it at the foot of the bed where Tony’s sure to stub his toe on it and curse at Steve to stop leaving his shit around all the time.
Thick, black nothing surrounds him, and he feels like he’s been here before. Lost in the blankness, the calm darkness, wandering around maybe for eons, maybe for only minutes, there’s no sense of time here. Just a faint memory, a knowledge deep down that he’s been here. He knows this darkness, as unknowable as it is, he knows it and he’s intimate with it, and it knows him as well.
“How are you?” She asks politely, coming to a stop in front of him.
Dark and dingy it may be, but apparently it’s a non-smoking pub. Steve smiles slightly. Sometimes the future isn’t all bad.
Steve thinks Tony’s lips must be the softest thing he’s ever felt in his entire life. He pulls Tony closer, presses the smaller body up against his own, and he feels more than hears Tony groan before Tony’s opening his mouth to Steve, allowing his tongue entry.
,” Tony says passionately, eyes bright, trying to get Steve from Virginia to understand civilian casualties. “People died,” he says again, “and nobody was being held accountable. Imagine a war where there was no bad guy. Everyone just fought and people died and then everyone else woke up the next day and acted like nothing happened. No one was punished. No one was held accountable for those deaths. That was us, that was the Avengers.”
“Thanks for walking me back and not taking advantage of me, is what I meant to say,” Tony says, smiling slightly. “You’re my hero,” he adds, a little wry.
Tony groans, stretches his arms over his head, pushing his hands flat against the headboard, and he pauses when he feels little aches makes themselves known all over his body. Memories come flooding back from the night before and Tony sits up abruptly and looks around the bedroom. His clothes from last night are folded neatly on the reading chair in the corner, belt resting on top. And his phone had obviously been placed where he could easily find it. There’s no other sign that anyone else had ever been there except for Tony’s sore muscles and the slightly sticky sheets.
Cool sheets. Cooler pillow.
he thinks. He pushes away the thought and just feels, feels Steve’s lips and tongue and heat and love. He gives all of his love in return.
“Hey babe, whatcha got for me today?” Steve grins and lifts two white bags with red Chinese writing on them. “See, this is why you’re my favorite,” Tony says happily, saving his progress and making his way over to the couch. “You always bring me goodies. And you look good while doing it, too,” Tony remarks, leering suggestively. Steve snorts and swats his hand away when Tony reaches to grab his ass.
, and it will kill Tony if he lets himself think about the fact that he was just a place-holder.
He’s gasping around the tears now, trembling violently, and Tony reaches out blindly, hands finding Bucky’s clenched ones. Bucky’s still for a moment, and then his hands shift and turn and they’re clasping Tony’s firmly back.
There’s the requisite snarking and teasing, and Tony downs the coffee, and Steve manages to get one pancake into him before Tony’s back at his workstation, reinventing the future in ways only he can.
Steve only looks confused now, so Tony rolls his eyes and elaborates. “Usually it’s just reporters trying to drag things out of me, or business associates which is just, suck, it’s just giant suck all the time. Or it’s fans, or someone trying to get their hands on my tech, or military brass trying to strong-arm me into giving up Iron Man. Or start building weapons again, even better. No offense,” he says belatedly as he sees Steve looking at him with pinched eyebrows, lips pressed tightly together.
A repulsor takes out the gunman but he’s too late. He’s too late. He can’t breathe. He can’t think, he can’t breathe, he can’t stand anymore, he’s falling to his knees and gasping for air. Steve, Jamie, his family, his life, they’ve just been taken away from him, he can’t think, he must be asleep, this is a nightmare and he needs to wake up, please please let him wake up, please.
“Steve?” he asks.
Steve’s smiling but his eyes are serious when he says, “Yeah, I do.”
jealous. Wow. Imagine that. “I’ll always love Pepper, she’s been in my life for over 10 years, there’s not many who’d stick around that long. But I love her as she is, like a friend, like I love Rhodey and Happy. Not like I love you.” He leans over and kisses Steve on the cheek. Steve’s arm comes up around him, pulling him into a real kiss, then Steve tucks his face against the side of Tony’s neck.
By the time Steve brings his lunch down at two, Tony’s already given up on the glass and taken to drinking straight from the bottle. He’s sitting on the couch with the Iron Man helmet in his lap, and as Steve sets the tray of food down on the table he takes a long pull of bourbon.
"Think I should draw on his face?"
He eventually finds the strength to stand up, dry himself off and change into a ratty t-shirt and pajama pants. He climbs into his oversized bed, clenching his eyes shut against the emptiness on the other side, and tries unsuccessfully to think about schematics and designs instead of his boyfriend kissing another man.
Steve’s voice is one hundred percent Captain America when he responds. “It’s not over until those hostages are safe and the Hydra agents are in custody.”
He can imagine the way Bucky’s eyes narrow, annoyance and anger fighting for top spot. He’s always been good at irritating him, no reason to stop now.
“Sacrificing yourself is not an option, Tony.” His eyes are hard chips of ice, but underneath the anger is something that looks a lot like fear. “It’s never an option.”
“Steve, please, please don’t go, I’m so sorry, I’m an asshole, what can I do, please just tell me what to do.” He’s begging now, and he doesn’t care. If it keeps Steve here, with him, he’ll beg for the rest of his life.
“Cap, buddy, pal. I don’t know how much easier I can make this for you,” he hears Tony say next to him. Steve pulls himself up from his lounging position, shirt stretching across his chest as he leans forward and rests his forearms on his knees. His head sags a bit, and he must be a little drunker than he thought, but it’s a good feeling, he likes it. He looks up at Tony.
.” His voice is breaking, but he’s beyond caring now. “I was stupid, I was so mad at you and I was drinking and I just wanted to hurt you, like you hurt me, and I did, and I wish I’d never done it. I just want to take it all back. I don’t want to lose you, Steve, but I know I have no right to ask you to stay after— after what I did, tonight.”
“No, no, Tony, I’m not— doing that. I’m sorry, I just wanted to explain things to you a little better, try to make you understand… I never wanted to hurt you. Physically or emotionally, and I did both. I’ve never really been in a relationship like that, and it got really intense for me really fast, and I— I did a lot of things wrong. And there’s this, this darkness, in me. I’m only just seeing it for what it is, like that time when I attacked you in the lab, when you were creating Vision? That wasn’t okay, but you just shrugged it off, and I let you.” Tony hears him take a deep breath. “But I can’t let you this time. I hit you, I
Natasha marks her page with a folded piece of paper and sets it down on the bedside table, next to a tray of hospital food. She grabs a bowl from the tray and raises an eyebrow at Tony. He nods, afraid to say no when she's obviously feeling so murderous. He can be hungry, sure.
Steve smiles ruefully as he takes his seat. “Yeah, I was supposed to be. Buck met a girl last month and he cancelled with me to take her out today. Guess she works during the week and only has the weekends off…” He trails off, shrugging as if to say, “What can you do?”
The realization washes like cold water over Steve, drowning his frustration with little effort. Sadness and regret and grief swirl in his gut, sadness at the state of their relationship, regret over things he should have done better. And grief, because now Steve knows the truth. And so does Tony. Maybe Tony always has. Maybe he just didn’t want to let go.
They’re talking about everything and nothing when Carol, one of the new Avenger’s members and possibly someone Rhodey’s had his eye on if the looks between them are anything to go by, comes over and asks for a moment of Rhodey’s time in the control room. Tony waves him away, tells him he won’t wander off without saying goodbye, and Rhodey leaves after leaning close to him and saying, seriously, “You better not, Tony.”
It’s quiet for a moment, before Steve slaps both hands on his knees and stands up.
Steve snorts and bites him, then pushes him away playfully. “You’re a jerk.”
Steve rolls his eyes heavenward as if asking for patience. “Tony,” he says, all Captain America. Seems to be the way of things lately. “You do realize that everything you say or do as Tony Stark reflects on this team.” It’s not a question.
They’re in the airport the next morning, waiting for their flight to Wakanda to begin boarding, when his pocket vibrates. It takes him a moment to place it, because his cell phone is sitting on the chair next to his leg, screen dark.
“Steve—“ he starts. Stops. Takes a deep breath and starts again. “Steve, I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry, I don’t know what I was thinking. I was drinking and I know that’s not an excuse but I was, I was drinking and she just came up to me and grabbed me and—“ Tony shrugs slightly, trailing off. It sounds pathetic, worthless. There’s nothing he can say that will make this any better.
Tony squints at the screen. Rogers has a raggedy black duffel hanging from one shoulder and a very conspicuous shield-shaped bag slung over his back. He’s wearing worn out jeans and a tight-fitting (always with the tight-fitting) long sleeved shirt that have both seen better days.
Sam Wilson follows after him, makes eye contact with Tony and smiles. “Hey Tony,” he says casually.
He swallows, and says the only thing he can think of with those dark eyes in the forefront of his mind.
“News to me,” Tony retorts. Steve looks up at the ceiling and sighs.
"Not at all costs, Tony!" Steve interrupts sharply. His voice is raised but he's not yelling, probably still respecting hospital rules, and isn't he just perfect. "I never wanted this! I'd never ask for him back at the expense of you."
It’s minutes, hours, an eternity before they break apart slowly. They’re both panting, and Steve rests his forehead against Tony’s, pressing a quick kiss to his lips, then another.
Tony.” Tony falls silent. “No. I forgive you. I need you to forgive yourself.”
Tony laughs shortly. “Says the guy who deliberately flew a plane into the North Atlantic.” Steve’s eyes narrow and his mouth opens to respond, but Tony doesn’t want to hear it anymore. He twists out of the other man’s grip, and Steve lets go immediately. Blood rushes back into his hand and Tony knows there will be bruises later. Sometimes Steve forgets how strong he really is. Tony usually tries not to make him feel too badly about it, but he’s not feeling so charitable right now. He shakes his wrist, rubs it, and glares at Steve petulantly. “Jesus, Steve,” he mumbles, looking down at the red marks circling his wrist.
They step away from each other and Tony turns back to the bar. "What'll you have? Beer? Scotch? Glass of warm milk?"
Steve’s frozen for a few seconds, staring at Tony’s closed eyelids, before he has the presence of mind to gently push him away.
Steve looks shocked now, but Tony supposes it’s better than apologetic and teary-eyed.
Steve dodges and grabs Tony’s hand, setting it back in his lap gently.
He hasn’t left the hotel room since the whole mess started, he could be seriously compromising his mission but he can't focus right now. He’s sitting in front of the TV again, watching as the news reporters bring news from Miami. There are Feds in the background, doing cleanup, a disturbing amount of body bags piled near rusted shipping containers. There are metal parts lying all over the ground, and Steve can just make out bits of the Iron Man armor. According to the news, there had been an all-out battle, dozens of Iron Man suits taking on what they’re calling Extremis-enhanced soldiers.
“When’s the last time you slept?” he asks, almost accusing.
Someone is petting his head, murmuring his name, and he remembers that he likes this, this is a good thing, and then he’s out again.
Rhodey shows him the changes to the training area, the new quinjet (Tony just rolls his eyes and asks him who he thinks made the upgrades to it, you idiot?), and then they head to the Caf for a late lunch.
"Tony," Steve says, goofy smile on his face fading as he turns serious again. "I can't lose you."
Tony hmphs. “Fine. Fine! But tell Itsy Bitsy that we’re going clubbing and you’re supposed to look hot. Nothing ironed allowed,” Tony says, heading back to his workstation now that he’s deemed the clothing issue resolved.
The cabin is quiet, and Steve glances around to find that everyone has fallen asleep. In the back of the plane, Clint’s head is leaning against the window with his mouth wide open, Natasha resting against his shoulder, her body curled into him, both of them tucked under a warm-looking quilt. Bruce is curled up in his seat, blanket cushioned between his head and the wall and another covering his lap. Thor hasn’t moved since he fell asleep after the briefing. Tony’s head is tipped back against the head rest, mouth fallen open slightly, hands still on the dark tablet in his lap. The rings under his eyes are more prominent when he’s relaxed like he is now, with no smiles or sunglasses to draw attention from them, and Steve wonders if he slept at all last night, despite the fact that he’d told everyone else to.
“You’re ridiculous, Tony,” Bruce says, smiling. There’s a twinkle in his eye that Tony loves to see. Bruce needs a little lightness in his life, he’s always so serious and everyone tiptoes around him but he’s really just a big teddy bear, a teddy bear with a big green alter-ego, and Tony’s happy to spend some time decompressing with him, doing Science Things.
He carefully puts the phone down on the table, safely away from any scrap metal, and gets back to work, not surprised but disappointed anyway when there’s no reply.
Before the serum, being unable to catch his breath was a common, if unwelcome, occurrence. The winter air would freeze his lungs, razor claws digging into his throat, and he'd cough so frequently there was no time to catch his breath in between. Dust from the ancient living room rug that the previous tenants had left behind in his and Bucky’s tiny one-bedroom apartment suffocated him. Sometimes the four flights of stairs up to the front door was enough to leave him gasping.
He waits for the other man to catch up and sticks out a hand. “Tony Stark. Nice to meet you. Yes, I’ll give you an autograph. No, I can’t let you try on the Iron Man suit. Though if you’re very convincing maybe I can take you for a quick ride.” He raises his eyebrows suggestively and Cargo Guy chuckles.
Tony’s voice is an ugly sneer and Steve feels frustration flare up, hot and demanding. As he gets closer he sees Tony’s hands are shaking.
“Adorable,” he says. He’s about to ask their names when there’s a loud rumble above them and a few rocks shake loose from the ceiling. Tony’s standing before the shaking stops, making his way over to their equipment, ensuring nothing has been damaged irreparably. They’re making the miniaturized arc reactor tomorrow, they can’t afford a set back. Everything looks okay, and Tony hopes it stays that way, because they don’t have enough materials to make a second prototype.
He sits and watches numbly as they disappear into the earth, and then Rhodey helps him up to throw dirt on top. He’s moving like a robot, he knows, which is funny, because he’s Iron Man. He goes through the motions, watching as a line of people throw dirt on top of his family, as they slowly walk away back to their cars and limos and go back to their lives.
“Yes, Hawkeye. He’s on our side. Natasha, on your six!”
Steve cuts him off. “It
“Hey, Steve!”
It’s three days of waiting, of crying and begging and praying (on Rhodey and Steve’s part, because Tony doesn't believe in God if God would kill Happy and put Pepper in the position she’s in now) before the swelling in Pepper’s brain goes down, and the doctors take Rhodey and Tony into a conference room to discuss her condition. They tell him she’s brain dead. That she’s not going to wake up at all, no matter how long they sit here and wait. That her brain was so damaged in the accident that even if she did wake up, she’d be vacant, a vegetable, no brain function at all. That right now she can’t even breathe on her own. She’d have to be fed and watered and bathed and cleaned and taken care of 24/7 for the rest of her life.
There’s a pause, then, “We had a breakthrough on the Winter Soldier case. I just wanted to tell you, and let you know I’m heading out immediately.” He gestures down at his body. Huh, Tony hadn’t even noticed he’s wearing the Captain America uniform.
“Bucky!” He hears Steve’s panicked yell and wants to roll his eyes, but the guy’s got a reason to be worried. Barnes is insane. Probably certifiably. He’s reaching around the Doombot’s neck now, trying to get at the chestpiece, having worked out that’s the key to shutting them down, when suddenly there’s a sizzle and a flash and Barnes crumples. Fucking forcefield. Barnes had tried to used his metal arm, but it wasn’t enough to protect the rest of his body from the shock.
Cap raises an eyebrow. “Maybe she has a point,” he says, and he gestures to the far side of the lab where there’s a couch and a table, and at Tony’s nod begins to head in their direction.
Tony can’t accept this. He rages. He screams and shouts and calls the doctors incompetent and stupid and he wants to take Pepper some place else where people know what the fuck they’re doing, and Rhodey tries to calm him down but he pushes him away, screams at him, asks why he’s okay with letting them do this to her, why he’d let them throw away Pepper’s life. He sees the tears tracking down Rhodey’s face but he ignores them, and the doctors shake their heads sadly and leave the room, Rhodey telling him to just take a minute to himself to calm down before he leaves, too. Tony is panting, hands clenched around the edge of the table, when the door opens behind him. He can feel it’s Steve, hear it by the way he walks, he wonders if Steve’s been here the whole time, and Steve’s arms go around him and Tony turns and collapses against him, grabbing fistfuls of his shirt and sobbing into his chest.
Natasha nodded and said, “I see why Steve likes you.”
“But I definitely just bought this popcorn.”
Nat smiled and said, “Thank you.”
"Yes, they did!" Tony threw his hands in the air. "If we're gonna do this, I want you to feel safe. I want you to feel like there are moments of my life that aren't lived for cameras and board members and ... I don't like using people, Steve. I hate it. I can't control any of this and I'm pissed, I'm tired, and I haven't had a drink today."
Steve's instinct was to toss the card in the garbage. She knew too much about him and someone with the resources to know that much knew more than they let on. “I know everything I need to know.” Those sealed government files weren’t as secure as Steve would have hoped. The people with the resources to find that information wouldn’t give up easily. But … Steve didn't have anything else to do. He picked up the card and flipped it over to reveal a plain white background with, “Worth your time,” written in neat, thin penmanship on the back. Again, no more information than was absolutely necessary.
“I miss you. That’s what I wanted to tell you. I missed the cactus juice lecture. Missed it because I was kind of passed out on my floor. Sums up a lot of my life. Anyway, Germany fucking sucks without you. Everything sucks without you.”
“Right, you know how on a TV you’ve got like five different settings? There’s the TV, then HDMI1, HDMI2, you can stream Netflix—”
Steve has another date with his not-boyfriend, and the line between fake dating and real dating continues to be distressingly vague.
“Were you?” asked Tony, his voice a bit strained. “Let’s hope our meeting doesn’t run long, then. Actually, Sergeant Wilson is my guest.”
Steve cautiously poked at the omelette with a fork.
“Perhaps I could—”
“Not at all.”
"Tony is a bit of a ..."
“Why?”
"In a guest room.”
, you know? Tense.”
“I see.”
“But I just RSVP’d.”
11:00.
"Lots of people enjoy that part."
"Sorry, son, but I think I know where that's been."
Tony had a half-dazed smile on his face as they walked downstairs. Steve locked the door behind them then fiddled with the key ring until he found the one with the green rubber lining at the top. He made it down to the landing and unlocked the mailbox. He was surprised to find a thick envelope inside. Steve pulled it out to see not one, but
you're dating Tony!"
"I know; you could break me in half like a toothpick. But you cannot understand the power the media has, how bad they can make you look if you even cough in the wrong direction."
"I really am sorry."
"Tony, who's your date?"
"If you'll permit it, we have a few questions. The article will be very short, and this shouldn't take more than twenty minutes."
“Thanks, Peg.”
She trailed off. Sam nudged her leg under the table.
“You are my family. You’re my best friend.”
"I'm still mad at you, but this is a good start."
“It’s gonna come out.”
"So you won't be seeing him again."
“I don’t want to go.”
"I'm shorter than you, Rogers. I'll manage."
"Maybe you are right and it was a test, but not of whether you would leave. If Mr. Stark could get you to open up about your deepest pain then he would feel safe opening up about his own."
“No flip-flops for you, then.”
Gilbert looked down at Steve's hand and laughed.
"I am right here!"
Steve placed his hand under the water, higher in pressure than it was that morning, and waited. Five seconds later, it was warm. Not cool, not scalding, it was
"J, turn down the music!"
"I have access to sensors in every room."
"How many others were considered for this assignment?"
“No, I am definitely not going to ‘relax about it.’”
Peggy laughed.
He didn't believe it. Tony Stark didn't seem like the kind of man to toss women out of bed and demand they leave. Quite the opposite, Tony seemed to be the person who would jump away at the first opportunity. Tony Stark was a commitment-phobe, not a dick who forced women out of his bed at first light.
“And that is the sort of thing you were never able to say about James.”
"Why?"
Steve looked down at his phone to see Tony had ended the call. He stuffed the phone back into his pocket and looked around the room. The bathroom was clean, the bed was made, and it looked a little bit better than it had when Steve woke up. He walked down the stairs then rushed outside, looked left, looked right, and caught sight of Tony across the street.
Steve kissed him before Tony could reply. He pulled Tony closer by the nape of his neck and his eyes fell shut for the briefest moment as Tony melted against him. It felt good, felt
“OH!” Steve sighed. “I get it now.”
Steve grinned over at him and thought that, perhaps, this wasn't as shitty of an idea as he thought it was on Monday.
"The ceiling slopes down over the sink. If you're not careful you'll hit your head."
"Because he's trying to hide from the world, too. I did that for a whole decade, I don't want to watch somebody else go through it. Not when I could help him."
"She knows." Steve took a deep breath and figured Tony might as well know now instead of finding out later. "Last week when she invited me into the office, Miss Potts didn't say it, but she had the look people get when they know."
Playing cornhole by himself.
But none of those responses felt right. Steve wanted them to feel right. Tony Stark was one of the most interesting people Steve had ever met. And he was so fucking tired of being bored.
"Thought this fustercluck of a plan would cost me at least a million."
“Only way to find out.”
"Reveal Mr. Stark's actions to anyone except Miss Potts, Mr. Hogan, and Colonel Rhodes," Steve finished for him. "At least tell me, will this be a good day for him or a bad one?"
Before Steve could ask another question, Tony walked toward Sam and the troubled stranger. Steve and Natasha followed quickly behind. Nat seemed amused, anxious to see Sam crash and burn. As they approached, it was evident that Sam’s efforts were paying off. Tony arrived just as the mystery businessman stepped closer to Sam.
“Then why can’t we tell anyone? Why hide it? Why can’t we even tell the team, Steve?”
The footsteps still behind him, and Steve doesn't have to wait long for Tony to break the silence.
He continues before Cap can answer. “You’ve been getting my emails, right? I told JARVIS to assist if you needed help accessing the servers, but he didn’t tell me there was any problem.”
He reaches out with a hand and a repulsor gauntlet flies to meet it, latching around his wrist comfortingly. The men directly behind Ross raise their weapons until Ross puts up a hand, and they relax slightly, muzzles pointed down but fingers still on the trigger.
“Not to me, it’s not.” Steve pulled his phone out and patted the chair next to him. “Come here.”
"There is no need for formality, Captain Rogers, you can call me JARVIS. Mr. Stark is in his workshop."
“The last time I saw him, he told me he felt like love would always be out of his reach. He said, ‘Steve’s always gonna be behind glass because I can’t touch him the way I wanna. And you’re never here.’ He would always tell me, ‘I wanna see you more often,
“Pepper.”
They went downstairs and entered a dimly-lit room with the limited light trained on a small stage toward the front. There must have been a few dozen people crowded together in cushioned chairs, milling about or watching to see who would take the stage next. For what? Steve wasn’t sure. Sensing his confusion, Tony explained,
Would it always end up like this?
"But you do know, don't you?"
"I've always been fighting against something, and fighting to help you keep your company is a way for me to fight
"Did you think tonight was nice?"
He could be paid a million fucking dollars to date Tony Stark. Not even that, but a million dollars to
“This? This is grounds for ending a relationship. You don’t even have a screwdriver!”
"All due respect, ma'am, I don't want to be a babysitter."
Steve opened the door to reveal more space than he'd ever had to himself. His duffel bag was on the end of the king-sized bed pressed against the far wall. Steve had forgotten he left it behind, but relieved to know he had suitable pajamas. It was a nice room, but almost too nice. It had been professionally decorated and looked as if it was rarely used. The room was impersonal.
One missed call from Subatomic Particle Overlord.
"Didn't realize it was that kinda party."
“Under the kitchen sink.”
“I’m trying to be.”
“Sam?”
"But I kinda liked him."
"It meant everything to me." Steve pressed himself up to lean back on his elbows. "But I've been hiding my entire goddamn life; I don't need to do it anymore."
Steve would never get used to random people knowing things about his life. He knew there would be quite a few Thorapy sessions about that in the future. But he smiled and nodded at the employee behind the counter, directing the kid to put this topping on that one and so forth. He ignored all the questions until the customer in front of him turned around to ask about Tony.
"You know what? Forget I said anything."
"Fragile, I know, I know."
"Is that why you're here, then?" Tony guessed. "Because you're looking for a distraction?"
"If you've known Tony for a decade, why would you assume you won't be seeing me again?"
“I do! If you unscrew the bottom of the hammer, there’s a screwdriver attached to the inside.”
“Why didn’t you call her?”
"After Bucky died, I was transitioned out of the Howling Commandos. Looking at everybody's faces it was obvious nothing would ever be the same. I was treated like a widow. They shifted me to the 10th Mountain Division, fuckin' Siberia is what it was. Ragtag bunch wasn't prepared for shit, worst readiness score in the whole goddamn branch. That was 2012, so I spent a year working to increase their preparedness before they gave me a company to captain again."
"Hiya, Captain Rogers!"
"Just who the hell do you think you are?"
"Sam doesn't always have access to a phone with signal, but they have computers at Bagram. The other friend you found, Nat, she uses too many burner phones for me to keep track. If she's in town she will message me there. That's why I have a Facebook; not because I want one, but because my friends need a way to contact me."
"Didn't answer my question."
enough to be what Peggy needed you to be. I believe you were not
"Do you always sit like you have something stuck up your ass?"
"How's that?" Steve asked without moving his eyes from the coffee table.
Steve only smiled. If Jarvis was on his side then the morning would be a lot easier. Tony turned around and Steve grimaced at his appearance. There were purple circles under Tony's eyes, scruff around the edges of his goatee, and a sizable hole in the sleeve of his shirt that looked like something hot burned through it.
"I lost him, alright?!" Steve shouted. "Three-and-a-half years ago a stealth op went wrong. Our target was on a high speed train travelling around a mountain in Austria. I acquired the target and Bucky fell off the train because I got distracted for half a second. If I'd just been a bit quicker, if I'd just noticed sooner ..." He choked on a sob. "I'd've been able to grab him."
Steve went shopping on Sunday. If he planned to be at Tony’s side, he might as well have a decent sweater. He found a quarter-zip pullover, violet and so soft to the touch that he couldn’t part with it.
Steve took Tony's hand and half-dragged him away from the conversation. Goodness only knew what they'd start sharing if he let them linger. They walked in silence for a minute before Steve asked,
“I’m going.”
“Hey, Peggy.”
"It's Tony!"
“What is the best relationship you’ve ever had?”
Steve muttered to himself,
"Nice to see Tony has someone else to hang out with at these things. He usually pulls me around to talk to people about ion fusion until they leave us alone."
“Perfect, you’ve summed it up in about thirty seconds, so I can go—”
It was too fucking weird. Tony smiled like he was sixteen and Steve just agreed to take him to prom. Steve shouldn't have let it happen, he had let his guard down too far, but that smile made him feel something he hadn't felt since before he lost Bucky. Something he used to feel
“IS HE INSIDE?!”
“Does it matter?”
“I’ve been worried about you.”
"I am RIGHT HERE!"
“Steve?”
Tony walked inside and began shuffling through everything. Steve winced when he landed on Bucky’s jacket at the back. Two separate parts of his life collided: the love he couldn’t have, and the potential for something just as good. Different, but good. Tony plopped onto Steve’s bed with no care for the quilt and spread himself out like a starfish, taking care to keep his shoes over the edge.
Steve laughed as the elevator doors opened.
“I got the invitation. Never mentioned it because I didn’t know if you wanted to know.”
“Had a bad run-in with poison oak?”
CW: References to Military Homophobia
Steve shook his head.
“For his twentieth, there were twenty people. His thirtieth had thirty people, so you know where this leads.”
“But it’s unexpected,” countered Tony.
Steve scrunched up his nose, halfway between an exasperated sigh and a laugh.
“Thank you, Tony.”
"Look, Bruce is great, though he has breathtaking anger management issues."
You came back with a cheeseburger. It was like a dream, you know? A hot man kissing me and I got a cheeseburger out of it. Kisses come first, though. Remember that. Kisses before burgers.”
“Thank you for saying so, but that wasn’t my question. I was asking how you knew I was, um, not straight.”
Steve clenched his jaw and laced his fingers together under the table. He said nothing and Tony continued to speak.
"None, sir."
“Once upon a time in a galaxy far, far away.”
"The one thing we know for certain is that we are in this fight together."
“You made it back in one piece.”
“We might get there sooner than you think.”
Steve didn’t call Tony.
“Well, Tony’s like that. He has a bunch of different settings, different roles to fill. I’ve seen him in board meetings looking like you would think a man who runs a company worth hundreds of billions of dollars would look. I’ve seen Tony dressed up for an event and as an inventor in a workshop wearing jeans that are more grease than denim. But I’ve had these glimpses of him when he is just Tony. He is nearly forty but finds the fun in things the way a young kid would.”
"I know."
Jarvis's voice pulled Steve into consciousness. It took him a few moments and a lot of effort to pry his eyes open. Tony groaned from his place at the edge of the bed.
"That sounds nice," Steve said, smiling. He nodded as he introduced Carol. "This is Major Danvers. Carol, this is Tony Stark."
“When she said it meant one of two things, neither of them good, what did she mean?”
“Hmm …” Steve teased. “If only I had something you wanted.”
CW: Previous Life-Threatening Medical Issue (Dunno if that will trip anyone up, but figure I might as well give you a heads-up.)
“How do you ‘kind of’ have a heart attack?” Steve asked. “That seems like something you either do or don’t.”
“Are you sure you’re not press?”
“We are standing firmly on first base.”
Tony shook his head, stunned as flash bulbs went off behind him. He hadn't bothered to put his sunglasses back on and his coat hung off of one arm.
“I take your silence to mean that right now you are on your bed staring at the ceiling. That’s my point, Steve. I love you, you’re my best friend, you’re the kinda guy I always hope to be. People look up to you, even now. I feel like you don’t know that.”
just get off a ten-hour flight.”
“I suppose I’ll try to find some of that.”
Steve stopped doing a lot of things, and hadn’t found a reason to start again. Not until Tony, anyway. Steve kept reminding himself,
Steve stood up and placed his hands on his hips.
“Let me check my mailbox before dinner. There shouldn’t be anything, but I like to check.”
She was sincere. Whatever else he didn't know, Steve could guarantee Pepper Potts was not a liar.
“OH. Hey, um, I hope you didn’t listen to this, but I know you did because you’re the kind of person who listens to their voicemails. So don’t mention this to me, alright? I probably won’t remember. Miss you, though. I’ll definitely remember that. Bye, Steve.”
“Bye, Peggy.”
CW: Grief
! That is so embarrassing, I’m sorry—”
meet Steve?”
“You couldn’t afford me.”
He was shorter, smaller in the shoulders but far bigger in personality. Bucky was a quiet sort of extroverted while Tony screamed who he was at the world. Tony, who would tuck his fingers through the belt loops on Steve’s pants just to pull him closer. Tony, who fit perfectly into Steve’s side as they sat on the couch. Who was too afraid to kiss Steve because he wasn’t sure whether Steve could ever really want him to.
If Steve didn't know better, he'd say Jarvis sounded defensive. But he knew he shouldn't feel guilty about this. He hardly knew Tony Stark, how could this be his fault?
Steve smiled at the familiar voice.
That was the scariest part of it, that Steve wanted to give a relationship a try. He and Peggy were always on the same page, and Tony was something else.
"Sam?"
“Nothing ever came of it because—”
Steve squinted and shouted, "What the hell?!"
“Oh.”
"It's a nice ass," Steve conceded. He pushed the pizza box forward and said, "Pepperoni and sausage."
Pepper added, "At first, there will be a lot of uncomfortable questions. People will dig into your military record—"
Steve thought about it. Tony offered to tear up the contract and that surprised him more than anything else. He didn't like the idea of forcing Steve into this; the situation didn't sit well with either of them. But the way he listened when Steve spoke about losing Bucky, he said, "I know more about that than I'd care to." Then changed the subject when it became too personal, too dark.
"Excuse me, I don't even know what you're offering or how you know who I am, so forgive my skepticism … But what the hell is going on?"
Without missing a beat, Tony said, "Steve insists on separate bathrooms. He prefers the tub in the guest room. No joke, it has a neck pillow and potpourri I picked up during a lecture in France. Don't ask him about the water pressure, I promise you will regret it."
"Give it a few more dates, then tell me again."
"Night's young."
“Problem with the local ecosystem, Captain?”
“You’re kind of amazing.”
“Women. Men. Drinking. Sleeping. Breathing happened occasionally, between all of that.”
He was reading a book on the couch when Tony stepped out of the elevator four hours later. It dinged, Steve looked up, and Tony spoke before Steve could open his mouth.
"What else did she say?"
“Well, the ice maker has been off for months but still makes ice. The sliding doors on my closet are always coming off the tracks. But, my biggest complaint—”
“One for every day of the week,” he answered. Steve nodded toward his bedroom door and said, “Just there, on the left.”
nice. Feels like it was made for somebody else. Not even Tony, really, it’s like walking into a display.”
That’s what the
Banner shrugged and adjusted his glasses as he said, "It's positive," which sent Tony into a fit of giggles. Steve didn't know what to do with himself, so he plastered a half-assed smile on his face and tried not to fidget in the loafers he hadn't broken in. There was a lot of science talk Steve didn't bother listening to, instead electing to observe what he could see of the party. As Tony said, it was all mingling and handshaking with uppity finger food.
"Why did you choose a man for this?"
"Why's that?"
Steve thought about it for a moment.
Steve gets a delightful visit from his best friends.
“Good eye.”
Tony visits Steve's apartment for the first time, and Steve gets a surprise in the mail.
Sif came from the same Nordic island as Thor. He referred to his friends as "Lady Sif and the Warriors Three." His exact words upon Steve revealing she was part of his group were, "Lady Sif was one of the top generals in all of Asgard. She will make you feel welcome, Steven." Thor did not mention that Sif might be able to kick his ass, but Steve figured that much out on his own. She couldn't have been a day older than thirty-two and Google told Steve absolutely nothing.
Steve didn't feel the need to answer questions because Tony didn't. He flashed a dazzling smile and tucked himself into Steve's side. He flashed a peace sign, smiled up at Steve, and his hand moved down the curve of Steve's spine to rest right at the top of his ass. If Steve leaned into it a bit, neither of them mentioned it. They turned toward each other upon request, then moved into different positions while Steve stared into the wall of light in front of him. It felt like a half hour, but it was only two minutes before the faceless photographers had enough shots of him at every angle.
“I do.”
"That is one of the perks of this gig, soldier." Tony winked and Steve's heart skipped a beat. "Cameras or no cameras, I am one hundred percent your sugar daddy."
"With due respect, Miss Potts, I won’t be comfortable until I know what I am doing here. I’ve never found myself with a reason to be in this sort of workplace." He amended, “Not in the private sector, anyway.”
“No, you identified your own problem. You said you were not
"Good to know." He held the two glasses in one hand and the box of pizza in the other. Steve made his way around the bar before realizing he had no idea where to go. "Jarvis?"
He paused and looked over his shoulder, halfway through the door. Steve swallowed thickly and said,
"Those are the people who want to take your company away?"
magazine has these photographs of us in Tony’s penthouse and I feel uncomfortable that the world knows what it looks like.”
“You should spend that time with your family.”
"You might see me before then." Tony winked.
“I hope you find it, Sam. I really do. You deserve it.”
“Have you met this guy?”
At that moment, Steve recognized these people were his first test. They all believed this relationship was real. Hell, they probably thought it was more than seven days old. Tony looked at him with desperate eyes and silently begged Steve to convince them this relationship was legit. New strategy, then. He needed to improvise. Steve couldn't learn to act in the next fifteen seconds, but he could let his guard down. Perhaps tonight he could allow himself to like Tony the way he wanted to.
"Mr. Stark insists."
Tony leapt up and said, “Consider it done!”
“Mr. Hogan?”
"Order me some pizza, will you? I'm so hungry I can smell it."
Steve to Tony: Let's keep it professional.
Steve didn't understand what he said to incite this shift in the air between them. He didn't like it. Tony continued,
, Steve.”
"You terrified, yet?" Tony shouted.
Steve's heart had skipped a beat at the innuendo. He hadn't flirted with anyone in an embarrassingly long time. One corner of Stark's mouth quirked up into a smile, like Steve had just passed a test. He stuck the straw into his milkshake and sipped. Moments later he nodded, a silent admission the shake was as good as advertised.
“I didn’t think you would want to see me.”
“I’m coming home for a week next month.”
“Then where are you going?”
"I don't understand."
"That was an
His phone rang.
“Information travels fast.”
"We're ready for you." She gave Steve the once-over and grinned. "Well, Tony might not be."
"Sounds like you two had a good time together." Tony's voice was very close to Steve's ear. Through his peripheral vision, he saw that Tony was, in fact, perched on his shoulder. "May I ask why it ended?"
Steve’s phone buzzed in his pocket, but he ignored it.
“Twelve years in the service, and I’m not sure I’ve ever been as terrified as I am about Tony seeing my place.”
"Great." Steve smiled, hoping it was more convincing than it felt. "It's a date."
Bucky's denim jacket had been shoved to the far left of the closet where Steve could barely see it. Best to keep it out of the way, otherwise he would fall down the rabbit hole of guilt and unable to even walk out the front door. Against his better judgement, Steve pulled the jacket out and ran his thumb across the shoulder seam. The rest of Bucky's things were delivered to his sister, but Steve got to keep this one piece of him. He'd had it for ages, since before they both enlisted. It was too big on Bucky back then. There was a scarlet stain on the left cuff, a remnant of one of Bucky's barfights; they never figured out whether it was his or the other guy's. It took every ounce of willpower Steve had to put the jacket back in the closet.
“That was so unfair for you to steal my thunder like that,” he teased. “That was really sweet, Steve. I was hoping for ‘I Want Your Sex’ by George Michael, but that was good, too.”
“When—”
"Annoying the hell out of me!" Steve shouted. He sighed and ran a hand over his face. "Yes, you can spend that time with me. On one condition."
"Mr. Stark took a thirty-minute nap at three o'clock this morning, Captain Rogers."
"It worked out well for me," Steve admitted. "I led the Howling Commandos unit, which was all I ever wanted. I worked with my best friends and even got to work with my girl."
"Because I hired you."
was never meant to feel good. But it always helped. Steve went downstairs and found Tony talking with the receptionist.
“As delightfully terrifying as that is, Miss Potts, you’ve got it backwards. I want to void the contract so I can date him.”
“Do I smell lasagna?”
“But she’s my employee. Happy’s an employee. Rhodey’s away all the time. I’m so lonely, Steve. Then you show up, looking like a fucking model. I haven’t gotten to see you with your shirt off yet, but I’m sure you’ve got great abs. I’ve gotten to see you every day and I love seeing you. I love spending time with you, fixing up your shitty apartment. It’s great in all its shittiness. You make me feel less alone, and now that I don’t have you around I feel even lonelier than before.”
Tower. He'd seen that name printed on the weapons he fired, and even on the weapons fired back at him. Steve looked down at his brown leather jacket and jeans, wondering whether he should've changed. He should have at least Googled the damn address before showing up. Instead, he’d stood there on the sidewalk outside the building, typing “Pepper Potts” into Google. Things had begun to slip through the cracks, as of late.
. This was
"Can't."
"My goal for the week is to allow myself to consider what life can be like without the memory of Bucky clouding every moment."
Rhodey grinned.
"How much of the penthouse can you see?"
"Apologizing."
“Don’t doubt me, Steve,” Tony replied, almost offended.
He shrugged and Steve jumped a few inches when Jarvis answered.
He couldn’t.
His phone pinged right as Steve finished wafting the roasted Brussels sprouts. Steve placed the oven mitt on its hook and pulled out his phone to see three new messages.
"I am not permitted to—"
“Oh?” Tony perked up. “I love presents.”
It was the perfect song to express where they were together. They’d known each other four days, and Tony was asking Steve to give him a chance. One chance to make this real in a way it wasn’t meant to be. Part of Steve felt like running out the door and settling back into whatever pieces of his quiet life he could find. But why? What would be waiting for him back at his apartment other than a cold shower and an overflowing ice tray?
he knew. Carol’s words were accurate,
Tony guessed, "Your friend was a man."
"So I'm having lunch, right?"
“If it comes down to it, I will settle for a hot millionaire.”
“You did the same thing. You said it yourself, your company’s success depended, for years, on you hiding the fact that you are interested in men. Why have you stayed?”
“No.”
Steve laughed.
“Of course not. Turns out, he’s FBI working a case. I was freelancing for CIA trying to uncover an ivory smuggling ring.”
“I do, though, because I need you to understand this. Buck and I never got a chance to be what we wanted to be to each other. Now I’m retired, he’s dead, and the only woman I ever loved is being a badass across the Atlantic. I have lived in fear of this part of myself for so long that I never gave myself a chance to love Buck the way I should’ve. He would have risked it if I asked him to; I know he would’ve because he was like that. I lost him, and now Tony feels like I have found something right. I won’t let it slip through my fingers again. If Tony’s going to put his heart on the line for this, mine is out there, too.”
It was day seven of his fake relationship, but it seemed like twice as many. Tony was a lot of work and Steve doubted it would get easier any time soon. Heads turned as he walked through the lobby toward the elevator in the northeast corner. Steve paid them no mind and waited for Jarvis to open the doors.
Steve smiled and wondered, "Then how'd you stay around so long?"
“That article was a bunch of softball questions. I have a feeling they won’t be so nice to me once I am no longer, what is it they said? The shiny new toy?”
guy. This man who changes the world with one night in his workshop. When you told me about Afghanistan, I thought you told me everything. You omitted the part about how it’s continued to affect you ever since. While I know that you put a lot of trust in me when you opened up … Last night, when you told me about your heart, all I could think about was what I felt after I lost Bucky.”
“Sounds like him. I was a bit jealous, though. He ate that whole pan of lasagna on the way back to the tower. No leftovers for me.”
Everything happened so much quicker than it should have. Tony Stark looked nothing like the man whose head had poked out of a Snuggie earlier that afternoon. This version of Tony was wearing a thick coat, too warm for the current weather but easy to hide in. He held himself differently than Steve thought he would, cautious and almost nervous. Then the people Steve had been chitchatting with turned their lenses in Stark's direction. Tony's mouth formed a thin line as the flashes went off in his face, the lights reflected in the dark lenses of his sunglasses. It was like they practiced this, solidifying into a three-headed monster shouting questions.
“No,” Steve corrected, “I think you will judge me for how I choose
“You’re certain you want to do this?”
"Hullo?" he grumbled, stifling a yawn.
Thor smiled and said, "Perhaps you should try running toward your problems instead of running away from them."
When the reporter placed an iPhone onto the table, Steve thought Tony might take it into the workshop and beat it with a sledgehammer before she pressed record.
“But you stayed, Steve. For
Steve took the opportunity to leave the room and take a deep breath. Tony followed him out and asked,
Everyone’s heads swiveled at once, to land on Tony, then their eyes began to pinball between him and Steve. Tony flashed a peace sign then said,
“Where’s your toolkit?”
He followed Natasha around the bar and introduced her.
“I’d rather have Tony tell me when he wants to.”
. The funniest thing is, I don’t like cats. I never wanted a cat. We never saw the same future, could barely figure out the present, and I don’t know why I loved him so much. Even if James walked through the front door right now and sat down at this table, I don’t think I would want us to pick up where we left off. I feel guilty about that, more than anything, and now …”
"Be careful with this. If it ends badly, everyone will blame him and you will blame yourself for that. Think about it, maybe go on a few more dates with him, but don't dive into the deep end of the pool unless you know what you're doing. Now, my lunch is over so all I will say is that if you fuck a billionaire you have to tell me about it in excruciatingly awkward detail."
Tony smiled shyly and asked, “Do you say shit like that just because you know I like it?”
"But this is different. You would be pretending to be in a relationship that will involve very real emotions. It sounds like something you would rather fight because fighting is a safety net. I believe you think that if you fight it, then maybe what you feel isn't real at all."
"Of the past twelve years, you've spent less than one year in Brooklyn."
“Okay,” Tony shrugged it off. “But if I’m going to fix it, I need to know if you prefer the water to come out fast and hard, or if you’re more of a wide, slow spray kind of guy.”
He sat up and frowned.
“Are you prepared for that?”
"Follow me."
“He’s gone, Tony,” Steve says, voice soft. Tony freezes.
“Tony, what happened?” he asks, voice soft. He sounds slightly wary, and almost disappointed. Well, screw him. He doesn’t know anything and Tony doesn’t give a flying fuck what he thinks he knows about him. He doesn’t know anything.
Tony kicks out petulantly, whining, “Steeeeve.” He climbs half on top of the bigger man, shoving his face into the side of Steve’s neck. He smells like he just got out of the shower, which is most likely the case. Probably already went for a thousand mile run and annihilated a hundred punching bags, then made breakfast for the early risers on the team and showered and climbed back in bed with Tony. All before ten o’clock. Life with Captain America, ladies and gentlemen.
Steve wants to say something, wants to say that’s not true, that every death meant something to him, that they were all remembered, are
“We’ll work on it,” Steve responds firmly. “Together.” Steve reaches down to hold Tony’s hands in his. He rubs his thumbs along Tony’s knuckles soothingly.
They pull away slowly, lips swollen and eyes red-rimmed.
Makes sense. "Where is my team?" She looks confused with that one. "Team?" Tony repeats. "Thor, Widow, Captain America?" At Steve's call sign she lights up and starts to babble, pointing at the gray door that separates his room from the rest of the hospital. Tony smiles charmingly, or as much as he can with chapped lips and a bruised face, and nods a bit. "Can I see them?" He gestures carefully with his hands, trying to convey bringing them into the room. She nods and smiles, finishes filling out his chart and slides it back into the plastic holder at the end of the bed, then smiles at him again and holds up a finger at him ("one minute") before she walks out the door and it swings softly shut behind her.
“Steve?” he asks cautiously.
“I’ll make more,” Tony whispers.
“I miss Papa,” he whispers into Tony’s ear. Tony’s throat closes up and he has to look up at the ceiling and blink a few times before he can reply. He swallows once, twice, then turns to press his face into Jamie’s soft blonde hair. He smells like baby shampoo, and Steve. Tony breathes deep.
"How do you have my phone number?"
Steve realized, "There it is."
Dinner and dancing to follow at Temperate House.
"Because I'm tired of hiding my problems. And this," he gestured to Steve again, "isn't a problem."
“Captain America?” Pepper guessed. “Rhodey mentioned you once, offhand in a conversation. He said, ‘That guy works hard to do the right thing. Even when leadership tells him wrong is right, he knows better. That is the sort of leadership I want to follow.’ If you’ve met Rhodey, you know there is no higher endorsement. When Tony was nearly ousted from the board, I remembered him saying you can always see what’s right and lots of people would take one look at Tony only to write him off. You gave him a fair chance and that is all I wanted.”
“Oh?”
Nat wondered, “Is it really breaking up if you’ve only had two dates?”
Perhaps more than a bit.
"I will arrange the first couple dates for you, so you'll get to know each other in a private setting. I will drop hints to the more reputable magazines. You don't have any social media, which explains why there won't be pictures of the two of you together—"
Steve shook his head, but it appeared everyone else had the same idea. The room started to grumble before Tony grinned and said into the microphone,
Oh. So this wasn’t flirting, this was an interview. Steve's bullshit detectors went on high alert.
"Well the man the press writes about isn't exactly a lie. I sleep around, I'm an alcoholic, and at most times emotionally unavailable. The official assessment was compulsive behavior, prone to self-destructive tendencies, and textbook narcissism."
Steve closed the distance between them and pressed a quick, chaste kiss against Tony’s lips. He pulled back just a bit and whispered,
“We can bring Sam up here so you don’t have to—”
"Plus," Danvers playfully nudged him with her elbow, "to us, you're more famous than he is."
"I want to help you."
“Thank you, ma’am, but I must say I am no Jennifer Anniston.”
“Maybe she did.”
“He’s an archer.” Nat pulled out her phone and pulled up a picture. “Trick shots and impossible accuracy. Obviously a cover for something.”
Steve found him in there surrounded by six people. There was so much stuff spread out on the bed, and even a makeshift makeup counter was set up off to one side.
I don't know if Astrology for Dummies is an actual book, and if it is, I apologize profusely.
"His sister contacted Facebook and they won't remove the page because he's not technically dead."
“Details, soldier,” Nat pressed.
“I don’t want anything,” Steve sighed, “but you dated Tony.”
“I hope I can live up to that reputation.”
I want you at my wedding! I love you deeply, you know that. How could you think I wouldn’t want you to come?”
“Yes,” he agreed, “you could.”
" I want to get to know you so that when you're ready to make this a real thing—"
"Ladies' man?" guessed Steve.
"What about Jennifer?"
"My name is JARVIS. Welcome."
“It turns out, Miss Potts can get just about anyone’s phone number. I called them, told them how upset you were to miss their presentation, and asked if they would mind giving you a few minutes. They kind of shouted at me through the phone; they are really excited.”
"They're great," Steve insisted, "but it takes a lot of energy to share things about my life. I kept so much of it quiet for so long, I spend half the meetings reminding myself it's okay now."
Steve nearly jumped out of his skin when he read the clock. He sat up, popped his joints, and stretched. It was a well-established routine, but he wouldn’t be able to go for a run. Not in the middle of Midtown. He hadn't slept this late for ten months, and even that was aided by heavy medication.
“You’re embarrassed because you don’t have experience with men?”
Tony grinned.
selling them weapons …
“Only you could manage to wrangle a date in the lobby.”
"Tony, is this your boyfriend?!"
Tony was wearing his own sort of billionaire camouflage. He wore a navy cable knit sweater and matching navy beanie with a khaki-colored puffball on top. He was wearing his glasses and an unbuttoned khaki trench coat. He looked good like that.
"Yes. A day in the life of Captain Rogers."
“Here!” Tony grabbed one of the nearby papers with a bright post-it with FOR STEVE written on it. Tony handed it to Steve and said, “This is the revised contract with your stipulations and everything. I signed it, now we’re just waiting on you.”
"I did that in the Army," he said robotically. "It was my duty."
Another silence lingered before Sam said, "You could always look the other way."
“How much?”
"Tony warned me about it, even tried to get me to leave because of it. I am ashamed that I did leave, but I was lonely and Tony understands that. I went back to him because I want to make it work, but we are so different and I hardly know him."
it. Dating a billionaire sure as hell wasn’t normal. Being in a fake relationship wasn’t normal, and he was failing miserably because the only fake things about his relationship to Tony were the boundaries Steve had set for them.
"There was a botched attempt."
“EVERYBODY!” The voice came over a speaker system that was just the slightest bit too loud for such a small space. “THE ONE AND ONLY TONY STARK HAS ENTERED THE BUILDING!”
"Then we'll do that together, too."
the best for you is always a difficult thing to accept.”
“I know you all missed me.” He pointed at one of the people toward the back and said, “Even you, Richards!”
Steve ran a hand through his hair and heard the stylist groan from halfway across the room.
"What if we lose?"
"I think so?" he replied, not intending it to be a question. "I haven't lied about anything."
"What gives you the right to know?!" Steve stood up and tossed his pizza slice into the box as rage warmed him from tip to toe. "This is a business deal, Stark, I am not a project for you to study or a problem that needs to be fixed. This is my life and I don't want you or Miss Potts or anyone else digging into it!"
“Pep knows what I like. If she isn’t planning and it’s someone else, usually it is a trip somewhere I don’t want to go or somewhere I’ve already been. Or I get some equipment I don’t need.” Tony shrugged. “There isn’t anything I want.”
of women leaving the tower in their taxis, visibly rumpled from the previous night's activities. Was that how Steve would end up? Nothing but a wrinkled t-shirt and yesterday's jeans as he made his way down to the subway?
“This is far more fun.”
“We will be there, black tie and all. I look forward to meeting you. I haven’t been with Steve all that long, but he talks about you a lot. On our first date, even.”
"Can't even go a day without me, Stark?" Steve pulled lightly on Tony's lapels then smoothed them out. He tilted his head down a bit to press his lips against Tony's cheek. "I missed you too."
"There was only one reason why I risked my career, my
“I don’t want to mess this up. Mess
Steve nodded. Tony shook his head and asked,
He could only just make out Tony’s silhouette, doubled-over in laughter. Steve grinned.
“When?”
"Would you mind letting me off there? I brought Tony something time-sensitive."
He blinked in surprise and looked up to meet Tony's gaze.
"Hey, Tony?"
"Is it possible you misread the situation?"
“Is Stark the kind of man that will wait for you to jump?”
Now, it is up to you to find a way to be happy. Perhaps you can make Tony Stark happy along the way.”
The voice came out of nowhere. Steve jumped the slightest bit before they both looked over at the bar to see a beautiful woman pouring herself a glass. Tony raised his eyebrows and offered,
“Do you think I was happy to end our relationship?” asked Peggy. “Do you think after five years together that I didn’t see you in every bloody part of my life? I wanted to keep going and I would’ve done anything to make it work. You made it so there was no way forward; you stopped. It’s time, darling. It’s time.”
They ended things because it was the only way for them to be happy in the future. Not the present. Steve spent weeks afterward crying himself to sleep, and everyone in the barracks looked the other way. The once-great Captain America was nothing more than a shell of the man he once was. A shadow of the greatness everyone expected. Steve was tired of not living up to expectations, both others’ and his own.
"How much data, exactly?"
Steve double-checked his hair in the bathroom mirror.
Tony laughed in the back of his throat and said, “Nothing about me is safe.”
"No, he was captured before me and the Ten Rings used him as a translator." Tony paused for a long time. So long that Steve thought he might've fallen asleep. "His name was Yinsen."
Tony led them over to the couch, but the reporter pulled up an armchair. Tony bristled at the idea of someone making themselves at home in his penthouse and Steve shot him a look that said,
The signal changed and they walked across the street. Steve nodded.
It was almost comical, a dozen heads simultaneously swiveling around to look at him. Steve smiled and waved at Tony, who was frozen to his seat. He glared at Steve, who deserved it. For his part, Steve shrugged and nodded down at the boxes between his hands. After a few tense moments of eye contact, Tony shot out of his chair and opened the door with a smile that did not reach his eyes.
"Yeah?"
“You have to
“Back in January, I got a call from a surgeon in California who is confident she can remove the shrapnel from my chest. It would eliminate the need for the arc reactor and it might prevent another heart attack.”
Steve shouted, “Tony!”
Steve had clenched his jaw and replied, “Nothing’s gonna happen. Can’t happen.”
"But he ..." Steve trailed off, lost in the memory of Tony's workshop. Lost in heavy metal music and almond-shaped eyes that tempted him into opening up his deepest wound. "I think I liked him."
"Yes, please," Steve said in the most bored tone he could muster. "O wise one, please take me back."
Tony paused for a moment and Steve could almost see him shrug.
“I will say I am happy with where I am at in life, and they can take that as they want.”
“Hawkeye.” Nat grabbed her phone and clarified, “We didn’t give each other names. We shouldn’t have gotten as close as we did, anyway. It was a happy mistake, but a mistake.”
"He let you into the workshop? I thought that was off-limits."
Steve wasn't quite sure. He never expected to retire at thirty, and New York didn't feel like the city he left thirteen years earlier. It had changed, certainly, but Steve had changed, too. He just prayed that he would find a place in it soon.
Steve woke up at eight.
Tony didn't do anything, just kept looking at Steve like he understood. It was almost comforting.
Steve nodded. Tony walked over to the counter, picked up an entire pan of lasagna, then said,
“Contessa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine doesn’t fit on a byline.”
“Yes, I am, soldier.” Tony smacked Steve’s ass on his way to the front door. “Yes, I am.”
“I can see that. There’s an entire paragraph in this magazine about how much you like Tony Stark. I never would have guessed billionaire was your type.”
People were clapping. Steve blushed even harder and placed the microphone back on the stand. He went downstairs without much fuss and Tony met him halfway.
Steve groaned low in his throat.
“If I believe I am doing him more harm than good, I will walk away.”
"Wow," Steve said. Admittedly, a little flattered. "Then why me?"
"Are they staring?"
“I know.”
Steve grinned.
The phrasing caught his attention, and not in a positive way.
"If I said I'd give the million dollars to you and tear up the contract, would you leave?"
"Always, my friend!" Thor placed him back on the ground and smiled. "Shall we go to my office so you may speak freely of yours?"
“I’m about to dump
"You want to hang out with me?" Steve asked. "In Brooklyn?"
"I haven't had a good night's sleep in ..." Tony shook his head. "I can't remember."
“Because she always tried to see the good in the world. Wanted to make it better.”
“Happy, please.”
"And then you came home, where you can’t find your place without a war. Nowhere for you to be the perfect soldier like you had been for so many years," Thor said. "You have the habit of looking for a fight, and if there isn't one you will make one."
"I apologize, Mr. Rogers, I haven’t fully explained the job. You don’t need to babysit Tony; I want you to be his boyfriend."
"What you said just now?" Tony kept his voice low. "That was real and I appreciate it more than you can know."
“Some people who have a lot to tell you about biodegradable cactus plastic.”
"Thought he was your bodyguard," Killian countered.
"In the three months you have been out of the military, you have not made any meaningful connections here in New York."
Peggy picked up immediately.
"Yes, Captain Rogers?"
“Then what else do you like about him?”
“You already have.”
Steve jumped a bit as the robotic English voice sounded throughout the room. He doubted he would get used to that.
“Yeah, I know him. That’s my
“I’m complete shit with technology, but the way I need to explain it …”
“I miss him, too. You’ll move on when you’re ready, Nat. I wish I would’ve given more thought to whether I was ready before my face was being printed on magazine covers.”
The StarkPad fell out of her hands and she nearly jumped out of her seat. In an eerily calm voice, Pepper asked,
"Pep."
Steve let out a very undignified moan after the first bite of his cheeseburger.
"Yeah, she gave me her business card and said come meet her at the office. Tony was there when I arrived and it, um, it coulda gone better."
Rhodes confirmed. "MIT."
“Hello?”
“Tony and I were just heading out the door, so I’ll call when I can.”
The moment people began to pay attention, Tony became a different person. Well, Steve supposed he wasn’t a different person so much as he turned parts of himself up and put others on silent. No one could look away as Tony made a few more jokes and motioned for Steve to sit in one of the nearby chairs. Steve sat ramrod-straight and wondered what the popcorn cost in a place like this. A hundred dollars a bucket? A thousand?
With his head halfway in the freezer, Tony asked, “For saying what?”
“It's a little bit funny,
Because he left.
“Seems you finally found a man.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Grief." Steve didn't hesitate in that answer. "He understood what I was going through but didn't want to talk about it. He knew I had no interest in really talking about it either, and that is why he pressed me so hard about Bucky when he wanted me gone. He knew I'd shut it down, call him a dick, and then I'd leave. It was a test and I didn't sign up to be tested. I did not sign up to be his fucktoy, I wanted to
"Yeah, Sam?"
“I’ll text you when I’m outside.”
“I had a ring for her, you know. As soon as we figured out where we were going to live and what our life would look like, I was going to ask her to marry me. That life, the one she’s living? I wanted that to be with me. Now she’s moved on, and I’m still
"Good morning, Sir!"
"That's it, isn't it?" Tony asked. He leaned back against the couch, and nearly sank into the cushion. "You were always with him, weren't you? Probably coordinated your vacation time so you could come home together. When you left the army, you didn't come back to Brooklyn because it's home, did you? You came back because it was the only piece you had left of Barnes."
"I don't know whether to hate you for leaving or hug you for coming back," she said.
He had a meeting with the COO of
"Where is this meeting? The one Tony's at."
“Yes!” Tony glanced over his shoulder and his grin widened. “Where’s your bedroom?”
Steve grumbled, "I'm surprised they didn't ask me to bend over."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony turned back toward the stove and opened the cutlery drawer.
"Seeya, Sam."
Tony rolled his eyes and insisted, “He would’ve loved you, too. And hated me for corrupting you. When I brought my first boyfriend home, my dad threatened to have an ‘EXIT ONLY’ sign tattooed on my lower back.”
Steve pulled up his messages and sent a quick text to Pepper Potts.
"Sam, what time is it?"
"Huh. What kind of parent names their kid after a president? You know James Buchanan was a confirmed bachelor? I had a thing with a girl on the quiz bowl team at MIT so I learned a bunch of history and—wait. James
"Sometimes slowing down is nice."
Liar.
Steve placed the bowl on the floor and laced his fingers together.
"Oh."
Tony teased, “You wanna help with that, Captain?”
“Any man who is lucky enough to have a boyfriend who looks like you and is as loyal as you are, he won’t care what your apartment looks like. Especially since he’s got a pretty nice one of his own.”
Steve quipped, “It seems like everyone has been worried about me.”
"Where am I gonna meet him?"
“I’ll ask Tony if he’s got a friend.”
good. I mean, really, there is nothing better than watching a bunch of famous people be incredibly bad at karaoke.”
Tony’s eyes went wide and he blinked. He blinked again. He opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out. Tony Stark, speechless? Steve hadn’t known him long enough to understand what that meant. It was either really good or very bad.
“Gimme.”
Tony nodded and Steve put his hand on Tony's neck. It was different from how he touched Bucky; it was freer,
"Too bad."
“Though I suppose we could go out right now.”
"Did you just run into the Deputy CEO of Stark Industries at a deli?"
"Sorry, I have to go show him off to some far less interesting people. Love you, Brucie!"
"You seem alright to me, Rogers."
Not even Jarvis's unfeeling voice could soften the blow. Tuesday morning meant all this had transpired since Tuesday afternoon. It didn't take Tony Stark's intellect to determine what brought this on. Steve asked,
Steve grimaced.
“You can’t script these things. Maybe try letting him lead for once, but I know how difficult it is for you to do that.”
Steve shrugged and let out a resigned, "Yeah."
Steve kept time by the noises in his apartment.
"I didn't know you were coming over, otherwise I would have—"
"Colonel Rhodes is in the elevator."
"But ten years ago you weren't kissing me and letting me grab your ass in front of cameras."
"Then why does he still have an account?"
“Hmm.” Tony plopped into the chair and asked, “An art teacher?”
"Do you even want to move on, Steve?"
“You looked a little lost in thought there.”
"I have friends!" Steve insisted. "I just don't have any here."
"I did," he confirmed. "I went first, testing the ice as we crossed. About a third of the way through, it cracked behind me and swallowed four of my men. I managed to get them all out—"
"Like what?"
“Just made some improvements.”
"As in Bucky."
"You get used to it after awhile. Hell, I am forty years into it, but a year from now I don't want you to be."
“That’s weeks away. You don’t need to get me anything.”
“Tell me, Steve, did you shake hands with George Washington?”
“What do you do between all of that?”
"I cannot believe how people speak to you."
“But what I
"You hit your head."
“Not yet.”
"Thanks again, J. Remind me to rewire your programming later."
"Why wouldn't you? You're coming up with me."
"Sorry, Steve, do you hear something?"
. He leaned against the far wall of the elevator as they began their descent.
“I’m just happy you finally kissed me,” Steve teased. He took Tony’s hand and led him inside. “Suppose my address will be everywhere tomorrow.”
CW: Internalized Homophobia/Biphobia
“If you give me just five minutes—”
He placed the water glasses on the table and plopped into a chair to watch the show. It was quite entertaining, watching Tony dance his way around the work table as his hands remained steady on his tools. A few minutes later he shouted,
He was so lost in his memories he nearly jumped out of his chair when a woman slipped into the seat across from him.
on Sunday morning and tossed it on the table when he got back to his apartment. He tried to busy himself with anything and everything. He watched a show on Netflix. He got lunch at the deli. He went to the grocery store down the street to pick up milk, bread, and all the other essentials. Still, he couldn’t escape his own face, standing next to Tony, in the lower-right corner of four different magazines on the endcap.
