Wait a second.
Sherlock wanted to say, but didn't.
"Shopping?"
John widened his eyes and turned to look at Sherlock, who didn't dare to look him back. "I'm sorry, what?"
"Sherlock Holmes, we both know who sent that text, so stop acting like you don't give a damn about it and see what she has to say now!"
Sherlock thought in his words for a moment. "Oh, that, yeah, well... I..., I was angry John, I didn't mean it, I'm... Sorry. Please, forgive me, I know it was something stupid to say."
"Why?" John found himself asking without thinking.
"He started seeing some excitement within life again, the smile came back to his face, he started writing on his blog, he talked to me regularly. Things had changed. And I was so relieved, because Sherlock, I don't know what would have happened to John if he hadn't found you. So I want to thank you, thanks, for whatever you did. You changed it all, you changed John's life. You made it better, you gave it a meaning again."
"Thank you" he said a bit less charmingly, but with that hateful smile on his face.
"That's what I'm telling you!"
"Ple- please, Dr. Watson, get off the rooftop. Please."
He was about to answer but then he remembered Sherlock and Jim and all of it and he decided it was best not to. "You may not." He said smiling, a
Thank you so much for all your support towards this fic! I hope you continue along with me down this crazy road and see you in two weeks or so! x
John shrugged. "What can we do?"
But he would think about it in any other time.
So he decided to go to those places where… where John’s presence was
He took out his phone for the fifth time in three hours while they were on the cab heading towards Lacuna.
"Well, you clearly don't. Because I have not been keeping surveillance on him."
----------------
John smiled, the woman could send him all the messages she wanted to, but tonight he was sharing the bed with him. Something she had never had before with the detective. Had she? No. Definitely not. "Good. Thanks. I'll go put on my pjs."
John hadn’t texted. Which was fine. Certainly.
He grabbed Sherlock strongly by the shoulder to force him to turn to face him again and took him by the collar in his jacket, pulling him closer. The greaser kept his eyes fixed on John, frowning. "Listen, it is not a delight for me to work with you but it's what I have to do and I'll do it, alright? Now I want to leave something clear, just one thing: do NOT expect me to do the whole damn thing just because I am a nerd or whatever you call me. If you want this shit to work then you'll have to put something from your part. I was thinking we reunite next Monday to define the topic. And you
Sherlock continued, "it was imperative to do it so, I needed you to be there for the final act. I needed you to be the last person I would talk to."
John moved his neck by shaking his head, which forced Sherlock to put his hand away. The greaser turned to look at the window. "Living more does not mean having the risk of an accident."
Lest of all, to John Watson.
John nodded, unable to think of a word to say. He closed his eyes for a second, telling himself it wasn’t the moment to be turned on by Sherlock’s voice.
"You can't come. At this hour father is most certainly home, do you want him to open the door to find his runaway son with a lovebite on his neck and his greaser boyfriend? not the best idea, is it?"
"What?"
John moaned. He had slept all night, which was unusual, though he couldn't remember why it was unusual. He didn't remember why he went to bed that early, last night was a blur, had he drank too much? Well, that would explain a lot, starting for the intense headache he was feeling.
Life. Light. Sherlock. Baker Street.
"Fucking hell!" John cursed, shaking his head, and hating himself a bit for it, he aimed for the front door, following the greaser.
----------------
“-You and me, living together, how was it? Was it good? Did I drive you crazy? Was it too difficult?”
Jim and Sebastian sat in front of him, pretty much blocking his view to the nerds table. Which was, of course, for the best.
“Mycroft arrived at some point. I had used one of my last scrapes of brain function to deduce the torturer’s wife was cheating on him and he left, and I was ‘saved’”, he said with a hint of sarcasm.
John blinked and turned to look at him as he mentally tried to save the image in his brain, with as many details as possible. “You were wondering what we were now.”
Apologies for the delay! This chapter was a tricky one to write! Once again, thank you so much for your support with the fic, you guys are lovely! x
"What?" Sherlock asked, looking a bit annoyed.
If it's not perfect, it's not worth it. And you know what? I will never be perfect. I will never be good enough, capable enough, smart enough for them. They will always want more. They have all their hopes on me. And they think I'm perfectly fine with that, but maybe I'm not. And I'm definitely not." He said, taking a deep breath.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Hm, that's- that's good, that's fine. Good."
He opened his eyes.
“Sh- Sherlock!”, John whispered, unable to hold himself.
He heard the door ring.
And he was convinced of it until he saw Sherlock that morning. The greaser was with his usual jacket and his white t-shirt, rubbing his hands and tapping his feet to the floor as he laid on Greg's car. John recognized that was exactly what Sherlock did when he was dying for a cigarette. He smiled as he realized how much he already knew about Sherlock, and how many things he had yet to discover.
Sherlock closed his book and looked at John again. "I'm starting to think that even though you are such a nerd, you are not very smart, because I just told you that I do, I don't find any need to repeat it."
Sherlock sat straight in his chair and turned to look completely at John. "See John? That's your problem, you always want to do what's right, for you breaking the rules is something impossible!"
"Oh come on Mycroft, if you are the smart one, you should already know!"
He felt something when he looked at it. It was as if the painting was trying to imitate happiness, and finding nothing but sorrow on the wake of it, it was a desperate attempt to show something, to stop being a shadow, but being a shadow anyway.
John swallowed, feeling goosebumps all over his body at the contact. Sherlock was looking fixedly at his hand.
Sherlock started walking to follow her into John's house when John held him by the forearm and pulled him back. "Wait, wait, wait! What do you think you're doing?"
There were times when Sherlock stared over and over at the card from Lacuna he kept in his kitchen table. But he couldn't. He simply couldn't. Someone had to keep those memories alive somehow, and since John couldn't anymore, he had to. He couldn't even begin to consider how a life without John Watson in it could possibly be. Whatever he got from John Watson was better than not knowing John Watson at all.
"Sherlock! You should try and make a little effort at least!"
Sherlock sighed dramatically, as if he had just been asked to kill someone. "Fine."
An awkward silence fell between the two of them. Sherlock couldn't describe quite well what he was feeling. A part of him was excited, looking at John right where he belonged, another part was irrationally angry and wanted to shake him until he'd look into his eyes and recognize him again, and the other part, the one he didn't dare to admit he had, felt an acute and utter pain. A kind of pain he had never felt before, a kind of pain which only seemed to stab deeper and deeper with every second John spent at the flat still not knowing who Sherlock Holmes was.
It never stopped, though. The feeling, the itch, the sensation, the need. Sherlock knew that no other chemical reaction would bring him the same feeling heroin did. And he craved for it, some times more than others, but he craved it nonetheless.
He had also said he wanted to be in the gallery, which was something Sherlock hadn't expected to hear. He knew that John was talented enough to deserve his place at the exhibition, actually, he was talented enough and had been haunted enough by the war that his sole experience could fill up an entire gallery.
Sherlock sat up right next to him and looked at him, worried. "Are you okay, John?"
"Dear, dear Sherlock. Let me tell you, I will find out. Eventually."
face.
He climbed under the covers and moved closer to Sherlock, a need to feel the warmth of his skin, the scent of his hair.
“Us. Our life together. Our crimes.”
He rolled his eyes. "thank you for stating the obvious, Lestrade. This is unnecessary, I'll have a perfectly capable doctor at
And wonderful.
“Because- I couldn’t sleep. And I had to talk to you. I didn’t wake you up, did I?”, John asked, the words coming out a bit slurred.
Lestrade opened the database and introduced Jones' name on it.
It all happened too fast: Irene opened the door with a bang, the rest of the group stared at her and the other greasers who were invading the house. They stood up, speechless and surprised. Irene looked to the other end of the living room, right next to the backyard, and so did Sherlock who had entered behind her. Sarah was smiling at John and touching his arm while he told a silly story that had happened to him when he was eight, and when John looked up, Sherlock,
Johnny Adams and the Nightcats started playing and they sounded good, really good. But Sherlock wasn't paying attention to them. His mind was focused on something else, and he hated that.
John looked away and shook his head, closing his eyes.
And as you have probably heard from the news and the papers and literally everywhere in every corner of the world, Sherlock Holmes is alive, Sherlock Holmes came back and I didn't have the slightest idea of who Sherlock Holmes was, didn't know who I had been for Sherlock Holmes, either.
He turned to find a John who stared at him with amusement. He looked… different somehow. It was too difficult for Sherlock to explain why he looked different, but he really did.
Sherlock was moving in his seat uncontrollably, pretending he didn't hear John. "Damn it, I need a cigarette!"
John went into the hall taking a deep breath and trying to calm himself. His mind was a whirlwind of thoughts, worries and images. He feared for his mother, who was at home with his sister, who last night arrived so late and so wasted she didn't even remember her name. He heard his mother shouting and the click of the door as his father got home, later than his sister.
Sherlock blinked back a tear that was threatening to escape from his eye.
"I'm not in the liberty to say, Doctor Watson."
"I had never told you-", he started.
“John?”, he asked, tentatively. John was staring at him with that terrifying smile he could pull out so well. Sherlock swallowed.
“I know your style but I don’t know in which style to place
(See the end of the chapter for
"What about?"
face, in a more friendly one, something John still didn't understand. Another layer of Sherlock's façade. "What?" John said trying to sound as cool and as nonchalant as possible.
What if they were Melissa’s version of Moriarty’s bombings? What if all of this had been designed to attract him, to drive him -them- into her trap.
"Did you know? Did you plan this?", John asked, no longer yelling, not sounding angry anymore, just...physically and emotionally drained. And that was even worse.
He felt the need to remind himself. “Then what’s stopping you?”
It looked as if it had been fixed. Yet art couldn’t make miracles, it hadn’t healed his real hand. John remained just as broken and damaged, only now he had a nice drawing of his hands.
Then someone cleared his throat.
“John, you don’t understand. You’re perfect for this exhibition. It’s as if it was made for you.”
and about John’s nonsensical reactions towards Irene. It was about showing weakness and sentiment. It was about wanting more, wishing more. Somehow Irene had managed to bring those things and to place them as some kind of barrier between him and John.
Sherlock blinked and remembered one of the things Melissa had said while he talked to Mycroft on the phone. What was it?
"Fuck you, Mycroft."
-------------
John’s lips on the back of his neck. Feather-like touch. A reassurance.
I couldn't understand how or why, it was a composition of things happening simultaneously: touch, sights, ears, I wanted you. I did, I know that much, and I still do. I won't pressure you, I know you've handled enough, I still don't know what you want from me, I try, I try
He kept drawing, feeling more focused than he had in a very, very long time. His hand wasn’t trembling at all, it all simply worked. Sherlock had moved apart from him but just slightly, now he was simply staring out the window, not pressuring John, nor criticizing him, simply waiting patiently.
“There’s- I- I love the classes, I love them, but I want to learn more, I want you to teach me more things, I want to know everything.”
"Do whatever you want."
Sherlock.”
John frowned, “we’re not?”
Somehow throughout the night they had shifted and now Sherlock was the one holding John, his hand over John's stomach, John's hand covering his, as he breathed slowly, deeply asleep. They were in a position that could only be described as
to. He closed his eyes and sent it. He had not much to lose.
Sherlock was silently thankful for that.
Mrs Hudson knocked on his door some time later, entering to his bedroom. "Sherlock, dear."
--------------------------
She turned to face him and carefully pronounced the word again. "Square."
“And I’m adding just a little bit,
to think about Sherlock, but he didn't seem to get him out of his head. But why?
John sighed, Sherlock had realized they couldn't just be friends too.
"What do you mean?"
to go to school tomorrow or she'll freak out. And you better not be lying, Holmes. If something is wrong with John..."
It was almost too much.
"Doubtful." Sherlock replied looking down at the cup.
Soooo, that being said, I just can't really say goodbye to this John and to this Sherlock. I can't right now, and I hate myself for this, but as soon as that thought came to my mind, a thousand ideas came with it, and so, *drums*: a sequel of I Can't Help Falling In Love With You is on its way and I'm expecting to start updating it in the very near future.
Sherlock smiled and was thinking about what to reply when another message arrived,
Sherlock started typing while he talked to John and sometimes stopped to sing a song and John just looked and smiled. They had a lot of fun actually, and when they were halfway there, Mrs Hudson called them for dinner.
He felt the air leaving his lungs.
"There is no us, is there? You have made that very clear!" Sherlock was starting to lose his temple.
is something I never expected John Watson would do."
Sherlock took the magazines and put them quickly back on the bag. "Sorry."
Sherlock stood up in a rush. He went to the bathroom and closed himself. His mind was running, telling him how wrong this was and how all of this was his fault because John didn't know, he didn't know all the things they went through, but Sherlock did, Sherlock did and did nothing to stop him, even though he knew that there was no way out of this, that John could only get hurt again and if he ever chose to erase his mind again-
John came back a minute later, sitting in front of him. Greg considered if it was good or not bringing Sherlock up into the conversation.
He came. John didn't move.
John didn't reply, he just looked at her in disbelief. It was so hard believing in her, how could she love someone like Sherlock Holmes? He didn't have a good feeling about it.
"Oh, I think you do."
"They are good! I swear!" He said grabbing a chair and sitting in a table close to the little stage on the end of the store.
"Oh please, your eyes tell me everything I need to know about you, John." Sherlock said, leaning forward so their faces were almost touching and they looked at each other into their eyes. "...and if you can't accept me as I am,
not to piss you off." And she was flirting again and it made Sherlock feel utterly uncomfortable.
"That was before."
He moved Sherlock's sleeve up and stared at the wound Sherlock had done to himself. John's eyebrows burrowed and his face turned serious, he turned to look at Sherlock's face, and then at Sherlock's other hand, as if he could tell exactly what had caused the injury. Sherlock felt as if he was raw naked, examined, observed, he felt small.
"Are you sure
People vanished but John stood there, his back against the lockers, rubbing his shoulder and bending to pick up the books. He was
John knew the consequences of that procedure, he wouldn’t have done it unless he had been completely certain and determined to forget him. He wouldn’t have done it unless that what he felt about Sherlock was much more than just the idea of a ‘dear friend’. Was Sherlock’s absence from John’s life as unbearable as John’s absence was from Sherlock’s life? but worse? Because John didn’t know, didn’t have the certainty he’d be back. To John, that had been it. He hadn’t been enough to save him and he had pushed him to jump and there was no chance to turn it back. To John, Sherlock had died, he certainly had, and he had pushed him to do it when he called him a machine.
“You really are”, John said as he met his eyes.
"Come on Johnny! Let me take you to your bedroom"
He couldn’t define it, couldn’t find a way to explain it. He simply felt his hand itching to grab a hold of the charcoal, he missed the smell of the oil paintings, he looked at the white paper in front of him and he felt the need to fill it with life, to turn the empty canvas into a masterpiece.
"Fine. But I can't drive so... We gotta go in your machine."
"No chance."
Sherlock stood up and grabbed his coat and put on his scarf. He remembered he had to buy John a Christmas present.
And off they were.
A quick update because you are all so wonderful and adorable and I can't thank you enough for all the love this little one has received! Enjoy and pls keep commenting, your comments are my yellow stars on the ceiling (you'll understand when you read the chapter)! ;)
Elvis. Sherlock remembered John and his black Elvis and smiled. He was so different from his sister.
"But why?"
Sherlock leaned closer (even closer) and looked at John straight into his eyes. John couldn't blink. He couldn't think. Not when Sherlock was this close and when his grey/blue/green eyes were so fixed on him. "You are lying and you know it. Because it's everything you want, isn't it?" Sherlock whispered.
"Clara broke up with me." She said suddenly, and she looked like a mess, it was written all over her face.
Sherlock nodded. “Likewise, John.”
Harry shook her head. "Sorry, I was a little drunk by the time, I suppose."
"...My mom is here." John said feeling ashamed and shrugged.
He wondered what had been John's last memory of him.
, which contains songs mentioned on the fic, chapter titles or just songs from the 50's which have inspired me, I'm pretty sure if you listen to it, you'll end up loving rock n' roll music as much as Sherlock does! Tell me what you think of it and if you'd like me to add any other song!
to help the police once again. "But if you could give me your phone..." He amended, and John looked up, hopefully. "So I can reach you in case we need you."
"No you don't." Sherlock said looking him up and down.
He didn't see Sherlock die, John did. And Greg knew the sequels the detective's (fake) suicide had caused on the doctor.
"Clara. She looks interesting." She said patting Sherlock's arm.
John's face did a weird expression, very akin to a pout but then he nodded. Suddenly he turned to look at the stove and exclaimed, "shit! The pasta!"
“Melissa told me she knew her, didn’t she say anything important?”
As soon as they walked in, John smiled, and looked at Mike, taking a deep breath and smiling widely. "Oh yes, first day of school!"
But Greg did. Damn it.
"Sherlock, there's something I need to tell you, perhaps it isn't the right thing to do but I need to say it."
Reluctantly, he stood up, feeling a sharp ache on his lower back, but he ignored it. He went to fetch the sandwich and found a note attached to it.
Sherlock’s eyes roamed down John and stopped as they fixed on his left hand. “I do. I’m certain of it. Absolutely, completely certain”, he said softly.
anybody. Friends and lovers…that was simply just an excuse, a way to place your self-loathing and turning it into someone else’s burden, and hide it with the ‘promise’ of love.
It was as if the Starry Night had suddenly portrayed itself in his bedroom. Spirals and color and so much yellow and a source of light which looked like the moon but also like the sun and it was too much, too much.
Sherlock walked slowly, taking deep breaths and really, really trying to control himself, but this, whatever this was, was out of his control, he was
John dragged a deep breath. “Does it still hurt?”, he asked softly.
“They never forced me to confess. Never made me say anything, probably didn’t even know who I was. They just did it because it was fun. It was their hobby. Waking me up with a bucket of ice cold water and hitting me repeatedly over the day without a chance to get food. My favorite moment of the day was late at night, because then I got to drink a glass of water.”
But now, he only saw in black and white.
"So, what do you think?" Melissa asked, standing up as well.
He couldn’t think.
He talked to Mike and asked him to tell him how John was. "You're not staying with him, mate?"
John looked up at Sherlock and they just stared at each other without saying another word. Sherlock wondered what John saw when he looked at him. Did he look just like anybody else? Did a tiny part of John's brain remember? Did John see all the things he wanted to say but he kept to himself? He shook the thought away, most probable option was that John saw nothing but a pathetic excuse of detective standing in front of him. That was the reason why he was looking at him questioningly. But he'd never found out, and he absolutely hated that.
They were by their third glass of wine by the time Sherlock finished his story and he was feeling a little loose. John was staring at him, and Sherlock met his gaze, not taking his eyes off him. John's eyes had darkened, just as the man had gone quiet. He stared at him as if he was the most incredible thing he's ever seen. And Sherlock wondered for a second, how was it even possible, how could John think that of
John stared at the drawing in amusement. The torso was finished, and it was fantastic. Sherlock had done it in less than ten minutes and yet the accuracy of it was absolutely remarkable. Sherlock knew exactly which were the right traces, knew where to place the shadows, which places to keep bright and which to keep dark. It was as if Sherlock had memorized every single inch of the body, and as if he had carefully studied it and analyzed it in his own mind.
Eventually his fists unclenched their hold on John's shirt and he fell asleep, listening to John's reassuring voice, feeling the soft skin of his neck under his lips.
Sherlock smiled widely and spent the rest of the class teaching John about new artists and songs and LPs, and John decided he had never enjoyed a History class as much as he enjoyed this.
He heard the door downstairs opening. Someone climbing up, and he felt a sudden happiness, he had come back for him, yes. "John, did you forget anything?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, John. It
While he did so, Sherlock leaned against the wall, trying not to expose his state. Lestrade stared at John.
John looked up and met Sherlock's eyes. "No it isn't. You didn't deserve any of that, Sherlock. Regardless of what you think or what you say, you've saved my life so many times and in so many ways and-" he choked, "God, I almost couldn't save you, you were dying and I couldn't, I couldn't."
some sleep!"
She stood quiet, waiting for Sherlock to respond. He didn't, he just looked at her, directly into her eyes. He looked confused, dazzled and surprised. Time kept passing by, he didn't open his mouth, nor stopped looking at her, so Harry continued.
“Sh-Sherlock. Wh-what happened to your back?”, he whispered in horror as he saw the scars.
Irene threw a hand dismissively. "What do I know! She's just one of the nerds."
well, by saying inspiration I’m merely using the romantic term you like so much, it means that there’s
John nodded, then he walked towards the chair and kicked it. Sherlock flinched.
John frowned.
“How- what, what made you think that?”, Sherlock replied with a whisper.
“So he doesn’t know that Jones is in custody?”, Lestrade asked.
John pulled Sherlock's pants down and they were both finally naked. John stepped back for a moment and simply looked at him, without even blinking. Sherlock swallowed, feeling self-conscious all of a sudden, he realized then that John had never seen him naked, not like this before. The scars, the bullet, the track marks, they were all there, in plain sight. Sherlock  was exposing his most intimate side to John Watson, and he felt incredibly grateful to be able to do so.
"I jumped off because it had to be believable. He had killed himself but that was just the tip of the iceberg, there was more, he had planned far much more. You had to be there, you had to watch."
No, he wasn’t supposed to say that.
"Oh. No reason to be scared. I just felt a bit weak. Can't remember why." He shrugged.
And if Sherlock’s pupils went slightly bigger, well they wouldn’t talk about it.
"Well, did he tell you anything? At all?"
“-the thing is that Ivory black takes far too long to dry and I tend to be very careful when I use white or black in my paintings because they take the vivacity out of the colors they’re mixed with. So I only use them when it’s strictly necessary-”
Sherlock looked confused for a second before he blinked and smiled back at him. Then, awkwardly and crazily and unexplainably, they broke down in laughter.
Sherlock kept reading, his gaze focused.
Lestrade had done as much research as he could have.
Sherlock sighed.
have a life outside school, and lots of things to do. I told you we will take charge of that later. Take it or leave it."
Sherlock had walked into the Battersea Power Station once after the encounter between John and Irene. It had been during his exile.
John finally turned to look at him. “Oh, you’re sorry? Now you’re sorry! Fucking hell, Sherlock! How can you be so reckless with yourself? How can you attempt against your own life in that way? Do you really not care? It’s the same if you fucking live or if you die?”
And he
"It's not so obvious to me."
John nodded absently.
“He did die in front of him, you know? Dr. Watson tried to get his pulse but didn’t find any and nearly passed out. He was taken to St. Bart’s and he was shaking and sweating and kept saying
"What?" Sherlock asked confused, his mind too tangled in the conversation to understand what Victor was referring to.
Right, but he was thinking about eyes, how did the thought of Sherlock Holmes creep into his mind?
"Yes, Harry, good morning, thanks. Breakfast then?" -he said looking at John.
There you have it. I can't believe this is actually ending. I really can't. This fic was a huge part of my life and I enjoyed so much writing it!
"Aren't you staying, Holmes? What a party pooper!!!!"
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow. "Oh really?"
---------------------
greaser
"But what if-", Sherlock started without even thinking about it, but stopped as soon as John raised his hand to shut him up.
"Don't worry Mrs Watson, I'll take care of him."
and said clearing his throat, "yes, that's me."
Greg stared at them with his mouth open. His eyes flickering from one to the other.
"The John Watson who surprises me all the time." Sherlock smiled into John's cheek.
"And I'm not that nice."
Sherlock looked at him, “bags under your eyes, so you haven’t slept properly. Your suit has seen better times, so you haven’t bought clothes in a long time, you returned three months ago, yet you haven’t even bothered to buy them. You care about your appearance yet you can’t bring yourself to bother about getting a new haircut. Does a haircut remind you of your military times? You seem to be struggling with trauma, then. Is that the reason why you haven’t painted?”
Mycroft started shaking his head. "I don't know what you're talking about, little brother."
to know that.
John was about to answer, when the front door at Sherlock's house opened wide and a man came out. Sherlock looked at it and widened his eyes. "Damn it!" He yelled.
They were both worn out, exhausted and at the same time extremely pleased. John tucked himself under the covers until he found a comfortable position. Sherlock felt uncertain of what to do now, he sat on the edge of the bed and turned to look at John, who was looking at him with a soft smile on his face.
John flushed again. "Mom...!" Sherlock chuckled slightly and John nudged him.
And the warm hand was gone and as John opened his eyes all he could see was the silhouette of the greaser getting lost in the hall. And he breathed deeply. Sherlock Holmes was full of surprises and damn it they almost kissed again! What was happening? What was this boy? What was that John was feeling? He sighed and sat on the chair Sherlock had sat on minutes ago, covering his face with his hands, trying to understand, but he couldn't.
“Please.”
John took courage, and with a deep breath he answered. "I told her."
Sebastian sighed. "Hell. I can't stand school anymore. See ya." He said leaving.
Sherlock grasped John’s cock between his trousers.
John turned away, “I knew this was just another one of your jokes”. He was about to walk out the door when Sherlock turned.
John didn't smile, thought, he started eating -it was his favorite Chinese dish after all- and remained silent. Sherlock had served some from him as well, but had eaten nothing of it.
He dragged a deep breath. “I love you, John”, he said, still not looking at him. “I do.”
He leaned against the door at the flat, closing his eyes. It was very late at night, but he needed to get some rest. He wouldn't have bothered, tossing the thought away as unnecessary, but his exhaustion was fogging his mind and he couldn't let that happen.
Of something that never started.
Sherlock laughed and placed a kiss in John's cheek. He grimaced as he did so though, the wound in his abdomen felt like it was as capable of taking his breath away as John's kisses did.
. How was it even possible there was something about him which might be interesting enough to be published?
"He doesn't remember me."
"Nothing is ever obvious to you."
John turned and Sherlock was behind him, eyes fixed on him. Not smiling, but not exactly serious, a bit less defensive, more open. "...Yes?"
John kept his hands too far away, avoiding touch. Probably for the better, since they were full of the tomatoes he'd been squeezing.
"Oh."
Mrs Hudson smiled as she saw John and after saluting her, they went up the stairs. John was aiming for Mycroft's library but Sherlock, who was ahead of him, walked towards his room.
"Dude, chill." Sebastian said throwing his hands in the air.
John thought to himself. As he entered, he was received with pats on the back and was given a red cup full of beer, which John stared at, currently self-conscious of what he was about to do.
Sherlock laughed. "I definitely won't"
Melissa didn't comment on that, "it might be a while... before I manage to
John's mom loved Sherlock. Well of course she had no idea what was really happening between the two of them but his son finally had a friend and that was good enough. She welcomed Sherlock almost every day and she gave them ice cream and coffee and tea. John realized Sherlock didn't eat much, he already knew that, but he thought it was because of school or something, he just said eating slowed him down.
John frowned and nodded. "nothing is good enough for them, everything has to be
damn problem, Holmes?" John said rising his voice and coming closer to Sherlock, who was standing next to the door. The rest of the classroom looked a the greaser, stunned by having one of those guys at their classroom.
John sighed and rolled his eyes, entering to the passenger's seat. He looked at Sherlock.
Now, with John in his arms, with the possibility of
And he decided to go to Battersea, then he went to the pool and he walked past the window where John saved his life for the very first time.
“Michael Jones was captured. But another person who had the scar was murdered. He is not the killer.”
one aspect that
Sherlock nodded. There were so many things he wanted to say, because he knew that in the long run this wasn't helping John overcome his trauma and he was also missing a huge chance, but he didn't dare say it, because he knew it simply wouldn't end well. It wouldn't do.
it. How was it even possible?
It had been a stupid response. He really shouldn’t have reacted in that way, but honestly, was there other way he could have reacted rather than disappointed? He couldn’t come up with any other outcome, he truly was disappointed.
"But it is very recent, Sherlock. I'd say two or three months ago."
greaser
Sherlock smiled. It felt good. He knew he should have told John something, but right now he didn't care because there was a weird feeling spreading over his stomach that hideously felt a lot like 'butterflies' at the thought of having someone waiting for him at home. No, delete that, having
“I was taken to a basement for-”, he gulped, “for interrogation. Was kept there for- I don’t know for how long, I just knew I wasn’t going to make it out of there alive. I was chained up from my arms, and -”
"And couldn't you ask for it like a normal person?"
. His whole mind was wondering if John was in danger, ill or injured.
Irene nodded. "Yes. And you won't. That won't help you."
"I'm sorry, Harry." John said, because he really couldn't think of anything else to say. Right now, he wasn't the best one to give love advice.
John bit his lip thoughtfully. “I don’t know, Sherlock. I mean, last night I was able to do it because I just had to choose the colors and paint, but now I have nothing: no clear idea in mind, anything.”
"Fine. Apologize. What for?" John still looked at him very seriously, forcing himself not to look at his lips. But it was
closer) and John froze for a second, thinking the greaser would kiss him and how it would feel like. Good, he thought. But then he heard Sherlock's voice whispering into his ear. "You're lying."
"I don't want to" Sherlock said without moving.
Okay he had to do something about it now. He placed his hands back in Sherlock's face and lifted him up a bit. "Sherlock, stop!"
“Pain”, John replied.
"Your cane", Sherlock said, unable to hide the twitch of disappointment in his voice.
Sherlock smiled. "Won't take long."
Lestrade cleared his throat and looked down, clearly not having expected Melissa's reply. "Fine. I'll speak with the truth, but do cooperate with me."
?! That's what I'm asking you Sherlock!, how come you don't have any friends but you're taking me to Scotland Yard?, what am I, then?"-John felt another rush of anger similar to the one he felt the day before, Sherlock was unbelievable.
“You are?”
John just looked at him, trying to process in his mind everything his friend just told him. "Why didn't you mention me anything of this Sherlock?" He couldn't help it, he sounded hurt, he knew it wasn't an important matter at the moment, but it was so important to him. He was starting to feel that effectively, he didn't have the slightest idea of who his friend was. He didn't know him at all. So many things he didn't know, so many.
He couldn't be here. Not now.
Sherlock was silent and just kept staring at John, which made all of this a hundred times more difficult. He wanted to hold his face, to hold his hair, to hold his hand. He wanted to be with him. But it couldn't be. It never would. And he turned and left.
“Alright. We’re going then?”
had to ask. "Well, do you?"
*******
"That's better." John said fondly.
it”, Sherlock replied, going to their desk and taking a brush. He held it in front of John. Soft. Expensive. Orange.
“How about we play a game?”, she asked.
"Why is it that every time I wake up in a hospital you are the first thing I see?", Sherlock said weakly, with a groan.
"Oh yes." Sherlock said placing a soft kiss into John's mouth. John cupped Sherlock's face with his hands and opened his mouth and the kiss turned definitely hotter. John reached for Sherlock's hair and ran his hands over it, while the greaser placed a hand on the boy's nape.
John widened his eyes. His parents were going to kill him.
Sherlock shrugged. "...yes."
"Go back to sleep", Sherlock said, running his hands through John's hair.
“I’m the only person who has ever given a shit about you.”
"Nope." John said with a fake smile.
John lips twitched just a bit, almost imperceptibly, it was like a small, sad smile, Sherlock did see it. "Lots of things are wrong with us."
He took a brush from the set of brushes Sherlock had in his desk. He grabbed the turpentine and the palette and poured just a drop of each of the colors. “I believe that a color is not a color”, he started.
John finished his cup of tea in silence and (reluctantly) stood up. “This has been very productive but- but I have to go.”
but anger and a raw pain in between,
Sherlock just stared at him and stared and stared.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?”
"No, you definitely don't."-Sherlock said with a sigh- "and that proves me something"
"Well... You said you had heard me when I talked to your grave. If you did, then you know I wasn't okay. It was hard, of course it was, I saw you die in front of my eyes and I could do nothing about it. I had saved a lot of lives, yet I couldn't save yours. How did you think I could feel? I wanted you not to be dead, Sherlock. I missed you, I missed solving crimes with you, I missed hearing you making your deductions, I even missed your blog. Somehow, it became harder, coming to Baker Street, I just had to get away from it. Too many memories, there was too much to bear, and I couldn't, I felt powerless. So yes, it was hard."
Somebody opened the door. John looked at it. He opened his mouth and let out a gasp. It was her. Irene Adler was standing in front of them.
It could be.
is looking for you." He said as if it was the most ridiculous thing in the world.
“Hey, you’ll solve it.  I know you will.” John said sitting right next to them.
"No? Okay, just suggesting, I thought we could ask Molly if she could recommend us some books or some chemists to look at..."
John took a deep breath and told himself to calm down. "Okay, first of all, the detention wasn't technically my fault..."
Sherlock stared ahead, not saying anything.
"There's nothing we can do, John. We can't solve 25 questions in ten seconds. So I recommend you relax and act normal when he comes."
The only thing he was attached to were his paintings, and even those he had to let go, whenever he sold them. He had to stop those stupid feelings for John, and learn how to let him go, it would make everything more bearable.
John reached a hand and touched the soft, precise brushstrokes that blended with the canvas. He smiled wider and turned to look at Sherlock. “They’re beautiful. But you know that already.”
"John is awake and is being hydrated. He will be taken to a room to keep control of his vital signs, but he's fine."
This was unbearable. One more dream like this and he would end up killing himself.
He threw the rock and no one answered. So he looked for a bigger one, still scared Mr. Watson would show up instead of John. The new rock hit the window strenuously and for a moment Sherlock thought the glass had broken but it didn't. A light turned on and a second later John was opening his window, with his eyes half-closed but as soon as he saw the greaser standing in front of his house, he rubbed them and looked surprised. "Sh- Sherlock, what are you doing here?"
you! Do you know who I do believe is the
But when it came to John, there was a need beyond the mental, beyond the artistic, even beyond the physical.
"They know", Sherlock said out of nowhere.
This kiss was somehow different to the ones they’d shared the night before. There was no heat behind it, no desperation, just a sense of affection that couldn’t be put into words (perhaps into colors? He’d have to ask John later if it was possible, he was the expert after all), they melted into the kiss.
"MRS HUDSON!" He threw the pillow right next to him to the door, still closed.
She leaned even closer. They were still at a reasonable distance, but she was approximating to his personal space and that was making him feel uncomfortable. He smelled her perfume, Channel n. 5, the whole room was filled with it, it was exploding, breaking into his nostrils and sending confusing messages to his brain. She smiled. "Because I can see your pupils. Dilated. Busted, Mr. Holmes."
John smiled. "Well anyway, thank you, Mr. Holmes, for everything."
"So?"
The takeaway arrived some minutes later and Sherlock used the time while John went to receive it to hide the folder and Isabella’s too, better not let John know anything about it. He would tell him later, he knew he had to, he had promised himself not to keep John in the dark anymore and he was going to do it, but he couldn’t do it now.
Sherlock nodded, "your loyalty".
Neither did John.
*******
When he arrived home, there was no one there. His mom was probably at the house of one of her friends playing bridge, which was her only moment of fun and joy she could have. His father was working, and Harry, of course, with Clara. He sighed and went to his bedroom, he was right when he told Mike that he didn't want to go home, because it was boring, lonely, cold. And it never felt like
"Look at that! the bad boy has feelings!" Irene said excitedly.
Sherlock looked at him with an expression John couldn't quite understand. It was like a mix of anger with pain. He didn't say anything for a while. Then he was expressionless again and looked so... Greaser-like. "We can't finish something that never had a start." He said sharply.
********
Sherlock looked at him, interested: "A message?"
“I am certainly endeavoring to be marveled, John Watson”, Sherlock said in such a deep tone that it sounded like a purr.
But he kept stroking John, increasing his rhythm, smiling as he saw John's helpless, desperate response to every single one of his movements. And John stroked Sherlock and it was so fast so fast so fast.
They stood in an awkward silence for a second, but Sherlock finally gathered courage. "Em... You can, you can stay in my bedroom... If you'd like".
You belong to me and you know it.”
“We’ve checked on the CCTV all the records on John Watson made this week to trace him.”
"Aren't you going to give me your name?" She said putting her hand down as she realized Sherlock wasn't going to respond.
He nodded at him as a greeting and sat down. None of them muttered a word.
Sherlock stood in the bed. "I'm fine". There was something about Sherlock's voice that didn't sound fine at all.
Clara nodded. "Don't worry, Sherlock. Please take care of her."
"Don't be silly. I wanted to um... Apologize."
is a good drawing?”, he said, raising the notepad so John could take a proper look at it.
Sherlock smiled at him, softly, just the smallest hint of a smile.
Sherlock opened his eyes wide and looked at John. "You are going to pay for that."
Sherlock went upstairs and saw John, still sleeping deeply. He smiled to himself. He hated to, but he had to wake him up and take him to the guests room, so he could sleep in a proper bed. He leaned in front of him and whispered softly in his ear. "John..."
"Oh, stop it Harry!"
He opened his eyes. He was breathing fast. For a second he wondered if Sherlock had just jumped off a rooftop when he looked down at his hand and saw its desperate attempt to block the blood flow.
"No you don't."
The bench was empty now. Where did he go?
Sherlock walked towards his desk and grabbed two charcoals, he handed one to John and took the other. “Come here”, he said, as he took a big piece of paper over the table.
"I trust her." Sherlock said without lifting his eyes off the paper.
As soon as Jim saw Sherlock, a big smile drew on his face. "Yo, Holmes! How was History?"
. Harry's smile vanished. "Sorry, wrong time. Don't worry, nothing will happen. We'll spy them from here
*******
If Sherlock believed in those things, he would even dare to call it a
He looked around, not a single sign of Sherlock there. He looked beneath the sheets. He was still dressed, so nothing happened. Still, he was there. Sherlock was incredibly mad at him, so how did he convince him? Did he kiss him? Did he give himself away? Did he tell him that he was desperately and hopelessly in love with him and that the simple thought of seeing him with Irene made his stomach twist even harder? He was terrified.
Then Sherlock entered, looking cool, confident, relaxed and calm, which was the complete opposite from John. He had his hands in his pockets and smiled (fake smile, as John recognized immediately) at the teacher, who just looked at Sherlock and nodded.
Sherlock went on detective mode, it was the only way it would ever work out with Victor, the only way to put his feelings (except he didn’t definitely didn’t have any). “I’m doing an investigation-”
He knew that wasn't right, that his sister was a fine example of why drinking was absolutely wrong but hell, it was so hard to care when he was having so much fun, plus, it's not like drinking five beers would make him an alcoholic, they would make him light-headed, sure, but alcoholic not so much.
Then, slowly, slowly, slowly, John licked his lip. Sherlock's eyes roamed down his mouth, down his neck, down his whole body. He looked up again, John's eyes said it all.
A kind of peace that could only mean forever.
"I am known to be indestructible", he replied, not knowing what else to say.
. "... I catch up with the work and stuff."
John aimed to stand up. "I need to see him."
He didn’t reply. Although he did stop for a moment to consider what Mycroft had said, afternoon? If half an hour ago it was still midnight! How could it possibly be-
"Shhhh...." Sherlock said to him and brought him to the chair.
“Yes?”
party
John looked at him smugly. “No pleasure in the human body at all, then?”
John didn't move, didn't reply, he just stood there, holding onto the embrace and leaning into Sherlock's chest as if his life depended on it.
"What would that be?"
John had kissed him.
No it wasn’t.
John looked down and smiled a bit. "I couldn't find my socks, so I went into one of the nurse's rooms", he looked up to Sherlock, and his eyes gleamed while he tried to stifle a laugh. "And there was a couple of nurses going at it, so I slipped into the room and took them and they didn't even notice."
Sherlock turned to look at him and frowned. "What do you want, nerd?"
“It’s- that’s, I…no”
been least than a month and he felt like a lifetime ago since he met Sherlock, the boy who turned everything upside down and who in four weeks had gotten him in more trouble than he ever had before. Damn it. "Yes, I guess, it's just... It's too much, Mike."
"Trust me, once we've solved this case,
“John.”
Mycroft sighed and rolled his eyes. He didn't reply.
"You have no idea for how long I wanted this."
Greg rubbed his nape and shook his head. "Nothing. I found nothing."
Sherlock sat up as soon as he saw him.
"No! No! No!" John said between laughters. "Stop it right now! It's an order!"
The man shook his head and spoke to both Sherlock and John. "Sorry, as I told you the first class the rules are unchangeable. The first thing I said about the project is that it is in couples so there is absolutely no way I'm changing my mind. And Holmes, you better start liking working with somebody, because you'll have to get used to that."
"Yes, I'm sure. I realized I'll be better here than in your bedroom, I'll be fine, thanks."
angry. And no, no, no, he wasn't crying, he wasn't going to cry. He didn't want to cry. The tears started streaming down his face. He couldn't keep them anymore, he had kept them long enough. His shoulder was killing him, reminding him of how absolutely fucked up everything was now. He had all the rights to cry. So he sat with his back and his head leaned against the lockers while tears streamed down his face. He closed his eyes and let them fall.
Sherlock looked at John and narrowed his eyes, then he turned to look at his mom in surprise. "What? He said that?"
Sherlock nodded, still panting, he knew he was hyperventilating. He knew he was. Somehow, he managed to follow John out of the crowd, John was walking back, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, not even to check where they were walking to. “It’s okay, it’s fine, come here.”
John grew silent. “The panic attack.”
He felt his heart was breaking, because this, of all things, was what hurt him the most. He knew Sherlock had made a huge mistake and then the cherry on top was the fact he had said he
That until his ears started working again and caught the distinct sound of an ambulance siren. He opened his eyes widely and his breathing stopped being regular, he felt terrified. Worse than ever, half-dead.
"I...have a reputation to take care of. I can't just let this boy come and ruin it."
Mike nodded with a smile. “Well, the gallery is doing an open call for young artists to show their work and get a place on the next exhibition.”
"There's no one." Sherlock said defensively.
"Solid food will provide you more energy, which will mean less exhaustion, and less dizziness."
to, and it had been all Sherlock's fault. All his problems had been Sherlock's fault.
There is an element of eternity into taking that step as well. And Sherlock felt ready, more than ready, to be honest. He had imagined this exact moment over and over in his head, pondering all the variables and the possibilities. And he thought that was all he would ever get, and then he came back. And John was slowly coming back to him. Perhaps not in the way he'd always wanted, but John was there nonetheless.
Mycroft cleared his throat and sat up straight. He looked down and stared at his umbrella for a long moment before finally replying, "I am afraid I wasn't the one who brought you here, Sherlock."
"Apologize?", John asked.
John had erased the images, but the sensations, those were impossible to delete.
"Well, you shouldn't, you started this."
Sherlock moved against him, and grabbed one his hands, which he used to wrap around him.
"What?... When have I done that? Mention one time I did!"
John nodded and looked down, embarrassed. "Mr. Holmes, could you please help me?"
--------------------
He closed his eyes and placed his phone over his chest.
Not thinking about the scar.
"No, I don't, but I'll come up with something"
John did, slightly confused.
“What?”, John said, surprised. How much time had passed? He knew it had been long, for he was taking his time with this drawing, he wanted it to be perfect.
"A milkshake?"
John nodded, "Oh, right. I think I've heard Harry talking about him. Is he black?"
They didn't talk about this. Sherlock never asked for details, Mycroft was never willing to give them. They ignored the problem, over and over, until Mycroft would grow tired and threat him to send him to rehab, or to tell mummy and daddy. That was how it always worked. This time was not the exception.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but nodded. He had to look good.
“I bet you already took the ones I gave you last night and now you want more. You
John looked around, “thanks, I guess”, he said, but his voice betrayed the slight sadness with which he said it.
"You still have the image of the dead man in your mind."
The day seemed endless, patient after patient and John felt he couldn't take it. The hours passed and, finally, it was time to go home. He didn't take lunch. He hadn't eaten all day, the headache was too intense and every time he thought about food his stomach twisted wildly in return.
"I know Jim wouldn't mind-" She said leaning close to Sherlock and whisper to his ear. "-if I were with you. We're nothing after all."
They entered while John tried not to panic.
"I have told you enough about me! I have told you everything you need to know about me! I have even talked to your mother about me and you still think you don't know me? Then I think you never will. Simple as that." Sherlock said standing up from the car hood.
"Yes, baby brother?" -She was unaware of everything that had happened.
Pain. In every single way.
"Oh no. Sherlock!"
As soon as he finished he traced the edges of the eye sharply so they would stand.
He stopped and touched his shoulder.
Sherlock felt the tears running freely, he closed his eyes as he listened to John’s voice. He bent his head down, he didn’t want John to see him like that, he’d seen enough vulnerability from him as he saw his scars, it would only make it worse to cry in such a desperate way in front of him.
John kept looking at him questioningly. His eyes hadn't fixed on Greg's for a second since he had come back with the tea, he kept staring at Sherlock. Greg's eyes fixed on John, wondering (and hoping) John would finally
He felt as one of John's legs came to rest in between his, prying them apart and grazing the skin there. He gasped and pulled John towards him, until John was kneeled over the chair.
And that was because he didn't want to believe it was true, because it was both fascinating and terrifying, seductive and impossible. It couldn't be. Sherlock couldn't be in love with him. He couldn't be in love with Sherlock, it was not the way it was supposed to be. The greaser held his hand over John's cheek for a moment, then he let go and looked at him seriously. "You can't possibly believe that, John."
“Fascinating”, Sherlock said. “Almost perfect, John. Congratulations”, he said lowly.
"I refuse the replacement."
During the last month, John had debated whether he should go to Baker Street and visit Sherlock on an almost daily basis.
Mycroft stared at Sherlock for a long time, with that hateful look with which he observed, Sherlock felt as if he was being stripped naked. "Do you think I'd enjoy being the center of attention in
He cleared his throat. "What?"
The door of 221A was closed, so Mrs Hudson wasn't probably there. He went upstairs, the only noise around him was the sound the wooden stairs made every time he took a step.
"Fine, fine." John said nodding. He realized it was better not contradicting Sherlock, because that would end in a useless discussion which the greaser would undoubtedly always win.
Sherlock texted Lestrade.
"I can't do this", John said as he walked off the kitchen and walked away.
“No, erm”, Lestrade sounded weird, “about Jones’ case.”
. On the left corner of the paper, there was a note.
John walked down the stairs and Sherlock went behind him to open the door.
Sherlock took him by the wrist. "Please, don't leave."
"I'm sorry, what did you say?"
"John?", was all he managed to say.
John looked at his hand and looked back at Sherlock, his expression turning into rage. "Who the hell do you think you are to tell me what to do and what not to do?" He said, raising his voice.
“John, trust me.”
"Really? Who does?" John said trying to look nonchalant but it did not work, so he kept his eyes fixed on the road.
to be treated by John Watson.
Mike had said.
"What the hell is wrong with you Sherlock? You've been acting so weird since yesterday! If I didn't know you better I'd say that her message affected you deeply."
"Of course, what else could we talk about? Have you seen that guy? He only talks about people who dies and violin and bees and I couldn't care less. The only thing we have in common is you!"
look miserable!"
He heard a voice behind his back and turned to look at the girl he had seen that morning in front of him. Irene. She was now wearing a dress that highlighted her features. She was smiling and she handed Sherlock the cup. He took it.
John stood still for a moment, just smiling, when he caught up on the fact that Sherlock was gone and so he blinked and followed him.
Coincidence? The universe was rarely so lazy.
"On bed, together."
"I'm reading."
But Sherlock didn't burst out in laughter and John didn't leave.
John looked at Sherlock and smiled, He looked so...grown up, so mature, so
Sherlock shook his head. He didn't know what to do, what to say, he couldn't take John with him, that was certain, but he couldn't just force him to stay there, bored out of his mind, he knew that in that aspect him and John were alike, both craving for an entertainment, both craving for danger, both loathing boredom. John put on his robe and walked out of the room, limping.
"No. You have to rest. Now
to fight for?
John smiled as he took the first magazine and opened it curiously, but Sherlock stopped him and closed it, pointing at the cover of it. "This...is Elvis." He said slowly as if he was teaching the alphabet to a three-year old, looking fixedly at John.
no matter what, that he'd never do any of that again, that he would be sorry for the rest of his life but will never regret what happened between them.
He cleared his throat, “hello.”
"Oh, I will."
Sherlock stared at John’s retreating figure and it took him a couple of seconds before he actually registered what he had said and he started following him.
John laughed.
"Are you sure, Jeff?" -Sherlock asked.
Well, to be fair, Sherlock’s flat was devoid of color too, but with a huge, abysmal difference: it had Sherlock in it.
Mycroft started moving his umbrella. "I'm sure they'd be glad to hear you brought another one of your...
Sherlock tilted his head to the left, “the buildings aren’t straight and the perspective is completely misplaced. How did you expect me to find out what it was?”
to his house, almost kiss him,
He saw Sherlock stiffen immediately. His back went rigid and the man wouldn’t turn to look at him. He didn’t say anything.
John cleared his throat, "I'm sixteen, Sherlock. Of course I can drive, I wouldn't be driving if I couldn't."
"Here it is." The woman interrupted them, John turned to look at her and raised his eyebrows.
"No, you're right, I don't, perhaps not in the conventional way. And yet I do,
It felt as if a part of him had died with his memories of Sherlock as well.
"I just... I don't want to get hurt." John said, feeling defeated.
"Merry Christmas, Sherlock."
"I won't do anything!"
John threw him a quick smile and entered the house, the greaser yelled. "John! This way!" So the boy went upstairs.
P.S.: chocolate cookies to whoever gets all the references to the movie within this chapter! ;)
"Northeast? Stop him! What are you waiting for!?"
“I would never do such thing.”
Why did John leave? Why was he so offended at what Sherlock did? He was trying to
smile, and it was scary.
They were both broken because Serbia and Afghanistan and Lacuna and lies and hate and pain and death and fake death stood in their way. And Sherlock
The man smiled widely. "I have told you a hundred times, haven’t I?" He said walking around Sherlock. “You will always come back to me.
“Yeah, no, I just. I thought for a second that I had made the worst mistake of my life.”
It was as if he had never come back from the death at all. As if nothing had changed.
he emphasized.
And turn it around.
Sherlock didn’t say a word.
The greaser didn't look up to John, he had tucked his hands on his pockets and he kept his eyes fixed on the ground.
John grabbed the tube of the two blue paintings and looked around, trying to find the palette. Sherlock giggled. John turned to look at him, a small frown in his forehead, that was frankly an addictive sound. One John wanted to listen to more commonly.
“John!”, Sherlock exclaimed as he descended the stairs.
Sherlock noticed it.
Sherlock turned his back, and there he was, staring at the window, again, refusing to show any hint of vulnerability. "You are my best friend. You know that, don't you?... And I hated not being able to tell you the truth. Because you, John, of all people, are the person I trust in the most, and I've known it since the very beginning. I knew I could trust you and yet I've been a terrible friend, if I can call myself that."
…whose body shape resembled Sherlock’s. But just slightly.
John tried his best to ignore him but he just couldn't. There was something in Sherlock's face, in the way he grimaced when he saw him walking in, in he way he started tapping his feet on the ground and looked down. The greaser felt exposed. John could tell from just looking at his face.
-----------------------
In the afternoon, Greg arrived to the apartment. John had been very attentive in case Sherlock would get any new message from Irene. Nothing, it was like he didn't care at all. Was he even going to attend to the date?
“Because I don’t want it to be part of me, I- wait a second”, John’s brain finally pulled the strings together, “I never told you about my scar. How did you know?”
"Oh, okay, sure, no problem at all."
That was all John could think about. He couldn't just be his friend. They had never been
Of course not, if this was Mycroft's idea then he would do anything to make sure that the plan works.
His brother had lots of names for that feeling. It didn't feel at all like any of those names.
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it and tried to look natural. "Why would you do that?"
fine.
"I don't know. What are friends supposed to do for each other?"
second.
John didn’t reply. Sherlock didn’t force him to. He simply walked towards the chair in front of him and sat.
“Melissa!”, he listened a voice greeting her. John’s voice.
John casted a little smile but a moment later erased it off because he was being too obvious. "Does he?" He said seriously.
"Where?", Sherlock asked with a frown.
Sherlock smiled back.
Why? Just tell me why you did it, Sherlock?
Then it all came back to him, he remembered instantly everything that had happened, he still felt hurt, betrayed, she had played a very dirty game, and she lost it. What if she wanted revenge?, what if this time she was more determined to break down the British government? Or what if she just wanted to thank him for saving her life? Sherlock couldn't help but smile.
Well, he did. He just couldn’t admit it. No.
“Why?”, he asked. His voice was a whisper.
-------
A moment later, he raised his head. "Sherlock, will you help me?", he asked.
And you don’t know how much I’ve-”
He replied.
"Why did you think there was something else?" John said lowly, he didn't know why, but for some reason he trusted Greg, he seemed like a reliable friend. Like a friend Sherlock Holmes deserved.
He hated the fact that school was becoming a burden, and that place he used to love so much, and felt so happy in, was now turning into a nightmare.
She handed him the piece of paper. It was the first notes report of the year. He had gotten a D in Physics.
"Clara's."
John didn't have a good feeling about where this conversation was heading, so he decided to shake his head instead. "We're not discussing this again, because you know you're just saying a huge amount of bullshit just to make yourself look good".
John stood silent for a moment. “I do”, he replied with a whisper.
But he knew next to nothing about that man, except for the fact he painted nudes and he lived at that place. And he wasn’t even certain of that, what if it was his boyfriend’s -girlfriend’s? - flat? What if he wasn’t living there anymore? What if he never even lived there at all and he was just attending a party, or a social encounter or whatever?
John got up from his chair and looked at Harry, who looked at him with eyes open, a small smile drawing in her face. "Of course you are."
They went downstairs and, in the moment they arrived to the second floor, Mike received them with a mix of relief and anger. He turned to look at John. "Where the hell were you?"
John turned and found Greg, walking right behind him and trying to fasten his pace to reach him. He felt a sudden fear, given the events of the day before, where Jim and Sebastian had kicked him against the lockers. Still, he stopped, hoping he wouldn't get his ass kicked this time. "Yes?"
Thank you all for reading! comments and kudos are always, always appreciated <3
"Excuse me?" John said, clearly confused, that same face he once did when Sherlock asked him if Afghanistan or Iraq.
“Thank you”, he whispered. There was silence but the world kept spinning into spirals.
Sherlock frowned. "It was me what?"
Lestrade faced the detective again. "There wasn't much to talk about anymore. I brought him some cases a few days after, you know, but he said he didn't want to get involved in them anymore. He said it would be best if I left him on his own for a while, but I knew it was definite, he wanted to have nothing to link him back to you, he wanted to leave behind all of it, including us. So, I didn't insist.
Finally, after hours minutes seconds. After infinite periods of stagnation and worry, after debating over and over again what his life without Sherlock Holmes in it would be, Mycroft walked into the room.
Control. The word slipped from John’s hands.
Sherlock smiled a bit. "Shhh... I'm reading." He said once again.
"Fine, don't let it happen again, alright?"
He felt as cold and hollow as the Tate Modern should have been before being turned into a museum. He saw nothing, he understood nothing, and he felt disgusted by the profession he had desired to follow. The golden age of art was gone, and now there was nothing but the remnants of it, mixed with junk, and that was modern art. But-
He had pictured so many times and in so many ways how he would show himself to John. He went around a hundred different scenarios and possibilities and thought he had covered all the possible options, after all he had a huge amount of free time during his exile, but he never, ever, not once, planned on how he would introduce himself to the rest of the people.
"Oh Sherlock, when will you ever stop saying that? I'm afraid it won't make it true. Now where. Is. She?"
"Irene. Adler. She was here."
"It was supposed to be him", Sherlock said, sounding defeated. "It was supposed to be him."
"Clear."
They simply stared at each other. And that stare said more than any kiss could ever do.
----------------
"Umm no, just a question, can I do the project by myself? It's just that I don't have anyone to work with and I think we have an uneven number of students in the class, so..."
"Oh, there's a work on couples... A project, a history project. And we're going to do it today, because it's due for Monday."
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes. "Are you leaving or what?" And John thought
The day before, he had drawn blood out of his arm by scratching it.
"So he didn't see her?"
face that John really disliked.
"Well, that's a first." John said trying to light the environment and avoid some sort of fight.
"Because I asked you to keep an eye on him!" Sherlock said, suddenly getting furious, because what if something happened to John Watson? He would never ever forgive himself nor Mycroft for it!
She leaned closer and whispered into his ear. "You are in charge of making him forget about his dinner with the crazy lady. Don't let him."
"Yes, I am, and you have to trust my words, please. It was my mistake as much as it was yours, so both of our jobs are in danger."
Sherlock turned on the radio and John clenched his hands, tightening his grasp to the steering wheel, he swore he was about to punch the greaser. He had absolutely no right to yell at him.
“You kissed me”, John said, smiling like an idiot.
“Now for the pupil”, Sherlock said, his voice growing more intense. “Draw the bigger circle in the middle and the smaller one. The light! Did you see how the light draws in your eye? I mean, in everyone’s eye. It shines. Leave that space in blank, the trace of the light.
He sat on his chair and coughed a bit when thousands of dust particles filled the room, but it was his chair and felt so comfortable and perfect and, finally, he was back. But he stared in front of him and saw the particles of dust falling over the Union Jack pillow, placed over John's chair.
"How many times do I have to tell you you are the most incredible person I've ever met, that you are smart as hell and you are going to be the best doctor in the country? Because the story is getting old."
Mycroft didn’t have to ask who John Watson was trying to erase. It was pretty obvious. He closed his eyes and begged to find the answer he was expecting for. “Is it done?”
"I asked you first."
"He should be worried! I look like such a bad boy!" John said, adjusting his glasses.
"Good, I guess. I'm working hard. I really am."
depiction of a human eye.
They didn't do that. Doctors treated the overdose, but never the collateral damage that brought the aftermath. Why would they keep him here? He just wanted to leave, to leave and never come back, never step on this place, ever again, never see John Watson ever again.
John turned, looking at Sherlock, frowning in confusion. He leaned closer to Sherlock and stared at the stranger, whose eyes seemed fixed permanently on the greaser, checking him up and down, up and down, fiercely.
"...Detention." John managed to say after thinking for a while.
And this time John couldn't help to hide his confusion.
The nurse struggled a bit to understand but once he did he simply asked, "what does?"
John clenched his jaw but didn’t say anything.
Melissa is approximately five feet away from John. The gun she’s using- a mental picture of a lot of guns appeared in his mind palace- seemed to be a Special .38. Quite a popular model for self-defense. Also used by killers who had decided to act on the spur of the moment.
He smiled and sat to talk with Molly, while Sarah looked for some music to play. She finally settled for some jazz, which most of the people enjoyed, giving her affirmative nods as the music started playing.
Sherlock opened it, it contained a form with her name, her picture and contact information of her, along with a tape, a tape just like the one they had made of John, the one he had listened to as he felt every single tiny thread of light leaving him, sorrow and pain leading the way. It felt like it had been ages ago, yet it still hurt. After all that had happened between him and John, it still hurt to think about it.
"I couldn't save you, I didn't know how. I mean I knew how but there was blood everywhere and you were losing consciousness and there was nothing in there to help you and- Jesus, Sherlock, I was certain you'd died."
John smiled and Sherlock traced the smile with his fingertips, smiling himself.
"What is?" John said turning to look at his sister, frowning as she smiled widely.
"Condoms?" They turned and looked at Sherlock, who was looking at them with a expression between a smile and a frown. "What for, exactly?"
"What?"
"Hm... We- I'm sorry sir, we didn't do anything."
her, John. They all had the same", Sherlock said, doing that
Did it mean that John was interested in joining him once again? On working together on their cases? On being just the two of them against the rest of the world once again? It didn’t make sense, they hadn’t talked to each other in three days, ever since John wrote to him about his message, and now here he was, asking Sherlock if he had any new case? It was impossible.
“About what?”
"Why?"
for John. He nodded.
He hadn’t gotten this kind of attention since before the fall. By that time, John and him had become something like celebrities and so Sherlock had gotten used to see cameras following them everywhere and registering their every movement. After he came back there wasn’t a huge fuss about it, probably because John’s blog didn’t exist anymore and people slowly lost interest.
"It took away the pain. For a few seconds, it worked."
The sensations were overwhelming, Sherlock felt as if he would collapse at any moment. John's mouth drew patterns over Sherlock's cock, and it felt fantastic. His hands moved at the base, Sherlock's trembling hand reached over and pulled at John's hair, warningly, for Sherlock felt as if he could black out at any second.
John laughed. “The very very best just placed behind Van Gogh.”
Sherlock nodded, incredibly easy-going. "I'll wait for you."
Then, he remembered the words John pronounced to him:
Sherlock felt as if he had been punched. Suddenly, the pain, the endless, indescribable pain was back with a deep intensity. "Thank you", he whispered, "for everything. For nothing. Just, thank you."
tell me what happened!"
John heard Sherlock singing lowly. He turned to look at the boy and he stopped singing immediately, to answer John's question. "Heartbreak Hotel. Elvis."
And why Lacuna?
His phone sounded once again. This time it was a call.
. Damn, another book John loved. He looked at the greaser as he passed by, waiting for a salute or for Sherlock to say anything, but he didn't even look up. John sighed and kept walking.
This time it was simpler. It simply said
Sherlock seemed to catch John's train of thought because he silently turned his back at him and started typing, trying to leave the topic behind. John felt relieved the greaser wasn't waiting for an answer and sat right next to him.
His skin was so soft. So private so mysterious so apparently unreachable. Yet there he was, allowing him in, tearing his barriers down.
John and Sherlock nodded at the same time.
----------------------
And that's when he woke up. He opened his eyes, breathing heavily, choking back a sob, but he couldn't calm himself, he simply couldn't. He closed his eyes again as he started weeping, taking deep breaths while memories invaded his mind once again.
Sherlock looked at him with a ‘what you just said is probably the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard’ face but John didn’t even realize he was making that face, for he was far too absorbed in his palette.
She leaned closer to him. He could smell her perfume again, delicious. Their lips were so close. And she was coming closer and closer. He could see those green eyes, with the pupils dilated. He let go, but something stopped him. Suddenly, Sherlock felt it was incredibly wrong, he backed out and stood up.
Silently taking a deep breath, he walked into the room, ignoring the tremors.
He walked with Sherlock towards the door, they picked up their coats and walked outside, as soon as they did Sherlock raised an arm and a cab stopped immediately. How on earth did he do that?
John looked up and their eyes met. He stopped dead in his tracks. For a second that somehow felt far too short and far too large, they simply stared at each other. John's face didn't reveal anything, no surprise, no excitement, no disgust, nothing. Sherlock simply held his breath.
********
"Yes, John! You do! You're the only one who ever has! I- I..." He didn't know what else to say.
They all turned to look at her and Sherlock sighed, lamenting the moment of peacefulness that had just ended. He was curious anyway, so he looked at her.
that it was right.
So Sherlock did.
The silence grew for too long.
“What can you see?”
"Someday, I suppose." John smiled, it was pointless denying it, his sister knew him really good.
“What?”, Sherlock said.
Sherlock thought for a moment. "Hm... I don't know. Call a day."
He didn’t notice when John had shifted closer in the couch, just slightly. Or perhaps he had, but his brain hadn’t processed it.
John kept shaking his head and trying to hold back the tears that were threatening to come down fiercely. Because he remembered, he remembered the moment they got the call from the policeman and they arrived to the place where a car stood half-destroyed while their car seemed to be good, and Harry was so wasted she couldn't even remember her name. One of the first things that came to his mind whenever he remembered the accident was that person who was entering to the ambulance, eyes closed, bleeding, who seemed like wasn't going to make it. And now the memory seemed unbearable because it was Sherlock and he almost lost Sherlock and it was all his sister's fault.
"Four of your clients have died!", Sherlock replied, rising his voice tone and startling her, "I think their security is more important than their privacy!"
Sherlock took him by his chin and lifted him up so they were properly face to face. And it was the first time in six days John looked at those blue/green/gray eyes and he shuddered. He ordered his brain not to look at Sherlock's lips, because they were nothing. "John look at me."
He squared his shoulders and prepared himself to go into battle.
Next time he opened his eyes, he felt surprisingly comfortable. His breathing wasn't that irregular (perhaps due to the fact he had an oxygen mask on), and he wasn't moving anymore. He felt more relaxed. Better, alive.
He had to stop those thoughts and be realistic.
He was rendered speechless.
as you saw it. Start by tracing the contour, the shape.”
Sherlock frowned as he left John's car. "What's wrong with it?"
"Leave very clear to him that
--------------------
"I don't know John, I simply don't, I don't want them to start looking for his body or interrogating me, I don't know absolutely anything. But I can't deny that I'm worried, John. I am really worried."
"See what?" John said with a shrug.
"What?", Sherlock said, sitting up and wincing, because his muscles hurt but now it didn't matter.
"Sorry. Greg."
"Holmes, can I talk to you?" Greg asked Sherlock.
"He's got you head over heels, doesn't he?"
He thought.
John stared down and stood silent.
"I didn't! I- it... It wasn't my fault!" John argued.
This was not the time to panic. This was not the moment to store in his own brain the smell of death and the sensation of Sherlock dying on his arms.
course
"I...I'm fine."
"And give my thanks to Mrs Hudson. The pie was delicious."
John stood up and received the tray. "Thank you so much, it looks delicious."
Sherlock looked at it, walked towards it, examined it closely, then took three steps back and examined it from there, then he turned his head to the side and examined it again. Finally, he turned to look at John, who looked nervous but rushing with adrenaline.
John kept his position in there. "Sometimes you can't simply escape from feelings."
John loosened the grip of Sherlock's jacket. "Good."
John frowned and looked at Sherlock, confused. "What could possibly be exciting?"
There were no nocturnes in here, no polyphonies, no obbligatos.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes closed, overwhelmed by the greatness of all of it.
When Sherlock spoke again, his voice came rough and sharp. "No," was all he said.
Greg sat on the chair again, trying to understand what the sleuth had just told him. He was pretty sure the 'he' Sherlock referred to was John, but how the hell was it possible John wouldn't recognise Sherlock? "John?" He asked thoughtlessly.
John smiled and looked down, feeling scared of staring at those green/blue/grey eyes. "Boring. You weren't there. But good, I mean at least my parents didn't realize I was gone, and the next day I left the car at Clara's and apparently his parents didn't notice of the party either, so everything went out well."
Sherlock turned to look at John seriously. "Why were you angry with me yesterday?"
John dragged a deep breath. “It’s- it’s not that. I-”, his gaze turned towards his trembling -not trembling now- hand, “my bloody hand”.
When he finally took off Sherlock's shirt his eyes fixed on the wound, and his hands roamed towards it softly. Sherlock simply stared at the movement of John's hand, a mix of arousal and pain and regret coming all at once. He dragged a deep breath. John looked up to meet his eyes and there was a whole conversation traveling through their gaze.
"We had a disagreement."
“Are those my hands?”, Sherlock asked quietly.
If they kept on like this, they wouldn't last long.
But it was a lie, because there were a thousand unspoken words in his mouth, ready to be acknowledged, but no, not now. Now was not the right time.
Mike did and stood up excitedly. They had ordered a pizza like ten minutes ago. He went to open the door and his face fell completely as soon as he saw the woman standing in front of him: "Irene?" He asked.
The thought of Molly and Sherlock invaded his mind and he didn't like it. "Oh, alright." He said as she passed him a piece of paper with few scratches on it.
He was getting better and he'd be discharged soon, he knew it. He was desperate to leave hospital, but he feared with every cell in his being that this would be the last he would see of John Watson.
Angelo came to the table. "John! What a nice surprise! Where's Sherlock?"
"You."
was you, looked very surprised for a second and then he just kept walking. He certainly wasn't expecting that." Irene said, standing right next to him.
"How long has she been with you?"
"How did you just call me?"
John closed his eyes and nodded, "yes. I do."
He walked towards him.
“You really, really don’t.”
Her dad looked at her and pointed towards the kitchen so she stood up with a sigh, picking up the plates while Sherlock tried to hide his disgust towards this man. He stood up and said goodbye avoiding Harry so she wouldn't get in any more trouble, and almost running, both John and Sherlock escaped the house, John sighing with relief as soon as the walked into the car.
“Because I don’t want you to see me fail.”
Enjoy! (or not) x
"You know me too well, Johnny boy." Sherlock said winking at him, passing John by, and going downstairs.
Sherlock supposed that was perfectly normal, he hadn't taken them in a while, his body was trying to assimilate them. He looked down and blinked, the grass' color seemed more intense than usual. Good, they were working.
the time, and he hated that. He hated not being able to take him out of his brain, and at the same time he didn't
John stood motionless, shocked. Sherlock shook his head and lowered his voice. "You're lying."
"They decided I had to leave him, they took me to rehab and then they took me with them to travel around the world."
“I just- I have to get up early tomorrow, I forgot-”
Sherlock simply stared at him, unable to produce any other sound.
"Are you even sure he likes her?"
John smiled at him, grabbing his hand as they left Sherlock's room. "You wouldn't have me any other way", he replied.
remember.
and that was adorable.
Sherlock ignored all the things the bedroom would keep from him.
The voices mixed. John spoke in English, John spoke in Serbian. Sherlock didn’t know which words to listen to, didn’t know to which reality hold onto.
“And?” Mycroft inquired.
He had to shut them off for now. He had to stop them if he wanted to solve this case. He had to be a perfect rationing machine.
So he decided to give John space, and wait until John felt ready to talk to him. He didn't pressure him, no phone calls, no messages, nothing but a promise sealed by a nod and a smile of relief.
Hawthorne smiled back. “Alright then, tell us about your blog.”
“Well, look at how fucking GREAT it worked this time!”, John yelled.
"She wasn't."
Irene started the car and when they took off John hadn't. Was John okay? Sherlock told himself not to care about it because he and John were nothing and he didn't love him. But he couldn't help but wonder.
No matter how much he tried, John couldn’t manage to reproduce his own drawing of Sherlock’s hands. It just wasn’t the same anymore. It wasn’t the same when there weren’t
greaser
And so she did, he looked at them carefully, tried to remember the mental image he had of her. The woman in the picture looked so much like her, but it was
Six months ago I woke up one morning and thought I was just hungover, tried to ignore the throbbing in my head and wondered why I didn't remember what had happened the night before, but well, hungover could explain it. Except I didn't remember being hungover in the first place.
Shit.
Along with that, the environment in the school was not good. Up until this year, he had managed to keep a low profile, without disturbing anyone, without picking any fights, because he hated that kind of behavior. He didn't want to be
The tip of his tongue darted out just slightly, but enough to wet Sherlock’s fingertips, who closed his eyes to the sensation, his breathing growing shallow. John could almost feel the spirals of Sherlock’s fingertips, and he held onto the texture, while his mind applied just a little bit more of color to the shapes drawing inside his brain.
John looked slightly embarrassed when Sherlock walked into the kitchen. “Did I wake you?”, he said, not turning to look at him.
"Sherlock, please, I really need to talk to you".
John Watson was the most extraordinary person in the world.
Sherlock had to admit that the brushstrokes were actually impressive. He never saw that kind of statements in classicists.
didn’t look up because of freaking course, as always he had to make things 100% more difficult because that was what he always did. John took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He wasn’t going to be as childish.
Sherlock threw Sebastian a killing look which seemed to have a huge impact on the boy, who immediately said "Sorry".
“No.”
He felt incredibly tired, two days of not sleeping and overthinking finally taking over him. John's breathing evened out eventually. Just as he felt sleep dragging him in, he felt John's hot air through the fabric of his shirt. A second later, his voice filled the room.
John kept looking at him, curiously.
He couldn’t stop wondering whether Sherlock had taken them before each class or after each class or while he was drawing his beautiful and perfect pictures or while he was painting them. It was as if a barrier of secrets had fallen over the two of them, tearing them apart.
So no, landscaper was not an option at the moment.
"Hmm?" Sherlock said turning to look at him.
“Yes, the thing that is not the cornea!”
Sherlock didn't answer. He stared at her without even blinking. He looked so confused. "Mr. Holmes?" -Nothing. "MR. HOLMES!"
He had exactly three seconds before John reached the door once again. He had to use them properly.
"Sherlock? Sherlock? Are you okay?". John was starting to get worried, Sherlock was standing in front of the body, he hadn't reacted, he was unable to say a word. He was in shock.
"Of course I remember it John! I just...I...."
He turned to look at the info of the artwork.
Lestrade nodded.
Hideous.
“I wanted to see what all the fuss was about”, Sherlock added.
It had been true to his style, with that mix of surrealism and abstractionism mixed with post-impressionism, and it had carried the signature that made it unarguably
"Good. No problem, I suppose."
Once again, I'm sorry. Lots of love and shock blankets to you! I love you all and if you ever feel in doubt, read the tags!
By the time he checked the clock, it was almost 6, so he packed up his stuff and rubbed his eyes. He seriously needed some sleep or he would die of exhaustion.
The sound was spreading all through his brain. It was too much. The violin screeched inside his head, its only company being the constant, permanent tick tock of the clock.
"Because you should never eat breakfast alone on Christmas Eve!". John said with a grin and Sherlock couldn't help but smile too.
But when he opened them, Mycroft was no longer in the chair next to his bed.
“You being one of them, of course.”
Once again, I can't thank you enough for all your incredible support and your love and loyalty towards this fic. Your comments and kudos have been like a therapy to me after all the grief we've been through. These past weeks haven't been easy at all but you've made it all better (is it possible to lacuna s4 of Sherlock? I wish it was). Lots of love to you! x
Sherlock sighed and turned to look at Mrs Hudson. "I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, Mrs Hudson."
"And I never thought you would want this too and God... You want this too."
He rested his elbows on his knees and leaned his head against his hands. Sherlock simply stared at him.
Sherlock's expression turned more serious and threatening as he spoke. "It's Holmes for you, Watson. I've never called you John."
“…John”, he whispered, somehow feeling unable to say anything else, unable to make his brain compose any other word.
Sherlock stood silent and looked down. He wasn't going to answer. John knew it. He snorted. "You know what? I don't want to know. I have more important things to think about." He said looking somewhere else except facing Sherlock.
John Watson.
He blinked. “Yes”, he said after John drew a particularly good eyelash. “That’s the perfect shape. Keep it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you need anything?"
“I’m sorry”, he heard a whisper from the other side of the living room.
“Good afternoon, brother dear”.
Melissa reached for her phone and opened John’s blog. She tossed it to Hawthorne. “Go ahead, read it before it’s too late. I want to delay deleting it as much as possible.”
"Yes, sir. I'm very sorry, I'm not used to being late."
John smiled a bit.
Melissa rolled her eyes. “I’ve followed his blog for a while. Something didn’t quite fit into your death. I knew you were alive. I was simply expecting your return.”
Sherlock stared at John, the anger was growing bigger and bigger, he thought about what he was going to say, when the words came abruptly from his mouth: "You don't know me at all John, at all!"
Sherlock cleared his throat. His voice felt raw and his throat hurt, as if he had been using it for a very, very long time. “Y-Yes.” Was all he managed to say.
Sherlock’s breath hitched. He stared at his phone for god knows how long, his brain was unresponsive, it was as if every single one of his faculties had temporarily frozen by the effect of three simple words.
He opened the door wider. As soon as he did, John looked at him up and down. Sherlock felt embarrassed. He looked terrible. He had his pajama bottoms and his dressing gown and that old brown t-shirt he used to wear when he got high. He’d worn the same clothes the whole day, he hadn’t felt up to putting anything else on.
“Then don’t”, Sherlock said, breaking the ice-cold tension.
"Vincent's favourite colour was yellow. To him, it represented happiness", the tour guide said behind him.
"What happened?", Sherlock said, closing the book and leaning closer to John.
"I couldn't! God, Sherlock! It's my sister we're talking about, they
John didn't reply. But somehow, that was okay. It was all fine.
"I think you know exactly why I am here"
Sherlock was human and he got bored and he needed excitement and life sometimes became too much and he looked for shelter in drugs.
"Of course it had to be you..." John said stepping forward, shaking his head and smiling a bit.
"What was her name?... Oh yes! Jeanette! And the doctor was...
He shook his head.
like chemistry." John said, surprised. Sherlock scoffed and turned his chair to look at him.
Sherlock smiled widely. "It took you too long to realize, Johnny boy!"
"Heartbreak what?"
He grabbed a cab as soon as he got out of the hospital, without hesitation and sounding completely convinced, he simply said: "To Baker Street. 221B Baker Street."
Sherlock felt relief at Lestrade's reply, Lestrade couldn't know. He didn't want him to listen to John's voice, he didn't want him to realise that it was all Sherlock's fault, he didn't want to see the hate in Lestrade's eyes as he listened to John's testimony.
Sherlock snorted and turned to look at John seriously. “Don’t make peoples into heroes, John. They don’t exist and if they would, I wouldn’t be one of them.”
"What?" John said worriedly.
That day John Watson decided he wanted to be an artist.
“Really?”
greaser
"Don't worry, I'll find it out by myself, thank you very much." She said handing Sherlock her cup and standing up, then she turned and touched his face. "Sherlock. Dear, dear Sherlock. You won't escape that easily. This is not over. I'm warning you."
Sherlock thought.
"Mozart?"
"But I have my car parked in here, we could go in it."
John sat up. “What about your comeback? Are you ever planning on actually doing something?”, he said harshly.
John hesitated for a moment. "It will be just us?"
Melissa’s smile widened. “I was bored. Needed some entertainment. John Watson proved to be quite the entertainment, don’t you think?”
He had dressed differently. For once he put the sweaters aside and decided to go for a wool vest with a white shirt underneath, which made him look rather different. He had combed his hair towards one side, which looked better on him and he was wearing a pair of Oxford shoes he found buried in his closet, a present for his 15th birthday by one of his aunts. When he looked at himself in the mirror he realized he looked rather posh, but it looked kind of good. It reminded him of these stylish boys who called themselves Mods.
There was just one tiny detail that Lestrade hadn't bothered to find out. But Melissa had confirmed it for him.
Sherlock sighed and turned to go back to his house. He didn’t want to think about anything, not now.
something
...Suddenly, his phone made that sound, John frowned but kept his eyes fixed on some other place, Sherlock went to the kitchen for the phone. John was brought back to reality.
"And you'll skip dinner, darling?"
John traced the letters with his fingertips, slowly. He kept his eyes fixed to it, going back to that moment, that one final moment before it all went to hell.
Mycroft nodded and John and Sherlock went upstairs into the laboratory.
"Hold on-", Mycroft said, leaving the phone silent for an excruciating moment. "Yes, the cab has just stopped."
she said, meaning
But Sherlock couldn't chill and what Sebastian had just said only made things worse. Yet he
He smiled into his pillow.
Finally, John broke the spell with a nod, a military nod, a carefully constucted one, reminiscent of John's last goodbye to Sherlock on the grave, after his speech. Sherlock ignored it. He started walking towards Baker Street.
Greg nodded and they picked her up and brought her downstairs. If it wasn't because of the incomprehensible words she was muttering, Sherlock would be convinced she was dead. After struggling a lot, they managed to get her into the car and she still didn't react!
John looked at her frowning and confused. "Oh what?"
It was almost 3 in the morning when Harry finally stood up with a lot of effort, looking at John, who was laying in his chair, half-sleep. God, they both were so drunk, but they hadn't talked like that in ages, they were like old friends. Harry was so happy of getting to know his brother so much better.
"No I don't, but whoever left it, must be the murderer."
Sherlock shook his head. He was tired, he wanted to sleep. Lestrade was right. He didn't want Lestrade to be right.
Finally, after an endless, infinite and agonizing number of minutes, or so it seemed in John's brain, the paramedics arrived.
John looked down and rubbed his nape for a moment. "Need any help with that?" He asked gently.
Impossible. “Idiot.”
“Try for
John's face brightened, as if he just had the brightest idea ever. "What if you come with me?"
Stop feeling. That's what all of this was about wasn't it?
him, not exactly. He frowned and rubbed his forehead, it was terribly hot to the touch, and his hands were so cold they hurt.
Sherlock stared at him with a
"You can just go back to your flat. I'll keep an eye on him."
Jim lifted his eyebrow and turned to look at John, who was still sitting against the lockers, rubbing his back and not being able to see properly. "Fine. Just wanted to give him a message anyway. Let's go Sebastian. Joining, Holmes?"
On their way out, John didn't say a word, because he
Sherlock rolled his eyes, clearly annoyed at Lestrade's way to bring the subject. "What kind of machines do you use to perform the procedures, Melissa?"
Dewer’s Hollow?
It was Wednesday, he had up until Saturday to make his mind about it. He sighed and closed his eyes, and suddenly his mind was filled with old memories of a certain greaser and that lovely smile, and his eyes, and...
Sherlock stared at John's hands, at the one holding the archive and the one holding the pencil, the left one often trembling a bit, as if he was receiving an electric shock. He could recognise those hands everywhere.
"Okay, this is awkward." Harry said, trying to light the environment, which of course, didn't work. They heard a noise downstairs, then someone coming up, then John was there, holding a lot of bags. Harry and Sherlock were still looking at each other. They both turned their heads at the same time.
John swallowed. “A- a self-portrait?”, he asked, swallowing.
Police officers went to search his flat and found a long knife, very similar to the one that had caused the mortal injuries on Alice and on the other victims, but they would need more tests to prove it. Still, it was a evidence strong enough.
“That’s not an excuse, you didn’t buy new ones since we started our class. You don’t trust in your own ability and therefore would rather not spending money on something you won’t use after we’re done, am I wrong?”
He came back a moment later, carrying a big box with him. He placed it in front of the desk where they kept all their supplies.
Not thinking about the scar.
"Right. Sorry. I'm not exactly thrilled, with the idea either."
"What would it have mattered anyway?", he said without much thought.
“Vermeer only painted middle class people in their daily life. I think we can both agree I am
“You’re up”, John said as he walked off the bathroom. “Good. I didn’t want to wake you up to say goodbye.”
"No no no, I'll stay here. Here is good. Upstairs bad."
"She hasn't arrived yet! and if your father finds out... Oh god, no."
John nodded, “you know, like a deep need to grab a brush, to merge with the painting, and to do it until your shoulders hurt and your hands stop moving on their own accord?”
"I love you", John panted against Sherlock's abdomen.
From their very first second of existence on Earth, they were meant to.
“When you feel strong enough to talk about it, we’ll talk about it. If you want.”
product
"The one with your feet on top!" He affirmed, waving his hands at the air.
When he got out to the reception, he realized Sarah was focused, reading a newspaper, which she closed quickly as soon as John approached her, but left laying on the desk.
Too bad he didn’t believe in those things.
John heard a shout from Sherlock that stopped him immediately. "John!" He turned, he held a little hope left, he smiled, expectantly.
"That's... Not... True, Harry. Stop it. Please."
Sherlock looked down and whistled through his teeth. Tempting. But no. "I think I'll stay."
"But Victor made it bearable somehow. He was my first friend. He knew everything about me..."
. John sighed. He wanted to do everything but going to that class. He stood there for a while thinking about how much had changed in so little time (again!) first he hated the class, then it was his favorite, now he hated it again. He picked his books from the locker and went to the classroom.
“It’s a mix between Cadmium Yellow Light and Cadmium Yellow, with a touch of Yellow Ochre. But romantics prefer calling it Autumn Orange.”
“Thank you”, Sherlock whispered, overwhelmed by John’s tenderness and love and care.
He chose to close his eyes and fall asleep again. Perhaps there, he'd find John Watson again.
They tucked into bed. He was exhausted. He felt as if he had been placed into that moment when the body and the mind want to unplug themselves from the rest of the universe. The world was quiet. He used to hate it, used to hate the stagnation, but with John by his side quietness was a gift.
If John felt somehow offended or demotivated by the comment he didn’t show it. He just squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder, stood up and offered his hand to pull up the greaser.
Sherlock wrapped his hand over his cock and stroked, and he felt a wave of sensations falling over him.
"I don't eat when I'm working." The greaser replied without taking his eyes off the paper.
"Yes, yes." John felt some bitterness remembering the events that had taken place at the beginning of summer. He let out a small smile and they made their way to the door.
John smiled. "I really have to, but hopefully I'll be discharged later today and I'll come back to take care of you, okay?"
"Are you sure, Johnny?" Harry's face was starting to light up a bit.
"Don't
He should stop thinking about John, he really should. He should stop creating all this fake scenarios and convince himself that it
“I suppose so? I don’t know.”
Lots of things had happened ever since, and now Sherlock wasn’t so comfortable with the cameras. Somehow, looking at all those lights fixed on him, at the microphones and the reporters’ voices he had a flashback to Serbia. His knees wobbled for a moment.
Absolutely, completely fascinating.
John laughed. "The what?"
Sherlock.
John blinked. He blinked again. And again.
He knew things weren't going exactly as planned when he started sweating. That was definitely not normal, it had never happened to him before when he was on pills. His heart seemed to be getting out of his chest because it couldn't stop beating, it moved faster and faster and faster and he couldn't calm it down, he simply couldn't.
"Chemistry Club."
"Wait! Aren't you going to invite me into your house?" She asked, hiding the smile and looking very serious.
Sherlock didn't say anything, he just took his coat and his (new) scarf, which John recognized immediately. "Take me to the body". He went out the flat. "John, are you coming?"
“You’re welcome, John.”
John could have lied so easily, leave his sister surprised, he wished he would have said,
"You- You know me!" He found himself saying, reaching for John's hands, but the closer he leaned to the boy, the further he seemed. "You know me better than anyone else! What I like, what I don't like, how I think, how I feel..."
“Sherlock?”
John smiled at him. "Okay?", he asked, his voice barely above a whisper.
"The woman, Irene Adler. Don't you remember her?"
"Stop making reference to songs I don't know!" John protested.
John stormed into his room and shut the door making a very loud noise. He was so angry, he fought with Sherlock all the time but this was different. How dared he say he wasn't his friend? After all they had been through? He had definitely crossed the line.
John nodded. "Yeah, thank you. I'm fine." He repeated. Of course he was fine, of course he was.
"Leave her there." Sherlock said expressionless.
And in that moment John realized how much this had changed with the greaser, two weeks ago, he would have never dared to say something like this, but now, somehow, he
"Sorry. So I did my job. I gave you her number. You decide if you call her or not."
Sherlock sighed. Of course Mycroft wouldn't tell him, of course he wouldn't. He stood up, grabbed the paper and left without saying 'thank you' or 'goodbye'. He needed to get to that place as soon as possible.
And John's eyes widened with surprise. He did not see that coming.
“I didn’t know you’d- you’d remember it so clearly.”
Sherlock took his hand, lifted it and gave a quick kiss in the back of it. John smiled shyly. "And you are going to be a wonderful doctor. Alright, let's go."
Greg entered to the flat, which was completely different from the one John used to share with Sherlock. He looked around and realized the living room was almost empty. It looked a bit gray and boring, no wallpapers on the walls, nor skulls or big stacks of files on the floor. This place didn't look like John Watson's home. This place didn't look like a home at all.
"Yes. You were there."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “a fictional and overromanticized retelling of the actual events, with far too many adornments and too little information of the real facts if you ask me, but I’m certain the gigantic number of followers it got would beg to differ.”
He stood expressionless. "I know, I know." He replied taking a sip of her cup.
He held the little card in his hands, considering. Harry had explained to him what it did, and honestly, it pretty much seemed like the best solution he could come up with.
“You don’t know what?”
John smiled.
He had never seen it on Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock scoffed. As if Mycroft had it in himself to be able to worry about someone. He stared at his phone. No new phone calls. No new texts. Nothing.
Finally
But almost as fast as John turned to look down, the night turned into sunlight, well not much of a sunlight because it was raining, and there were lots of people around him and he looked at them all and couldn't understand why they looked so worried, why they were looking at what was below him...
John got out of the house and took a deep breath and sat on the grass of the entrance, focusing on breathing, breathing, breathing, because he felt alive, but as if he experienced death in a way he never thought he could. Trusting his weak legs, he stood up with a huge effort, and walked towards his house, still shaking.
Of course he was, he just didn't want to admit he was. Admitting it would mean giving up. And he never gave up.
John tried to steady himself and took a deep breath. "Two things. One: if you don't want two accidents in less than six months I'd recommend you to move and stop distracting me, and two: I'm still pissed at you, you idiot. So don't pretend everything is fine, because I think we agreed of something which made us no longer something, didn't we?"
“It’s not trembling now”, Sherlock whispered. They were close enough that John could understand all of the words.
The weekend seemed to last an eternity for John, who couldn't help himself but wonder constantly how Sherlock was, followed by questioning why did he think about Sherlock so much. He couldn't find an answer to those two questions. Not until he saw the greaser again.
"Sherlock Holmes!" She said excitedly, moving her hands in the air. "How are you, bad boy?" She sat right next to him, her eyes were lost,
"That would be tremendously ambitious of you."
He followed him out of the door but John was nowhere to be seen anymore. For how long had Sherlock stood in the middle of the room, lost in thought?
John opened his eyes at the touch and yanked his arm away from Sherlock. Even though the story seemed quite plausible, there was something which seemed completely off about the whole case. "Yes, I'm fine. What did you OD with?"
By the time Sherlock arrived to the Continental Hotel, it was evening. To say that there would be some cameras was clearly an understatement, there were
"Before you got into my business. You know I hate that, John. I really do."
Where the hell was John?  Was he even coming back at all?
By the time John reached the cafeteria, they were almost out of lunch, which was cool, because he really didn't feel like eating right now. His whole body was filled with something he could only express as a feeling of anger boiling and desperate to get out. He dragged a deep breath, closed his eyes for a moment and went to sit right next to Mike.
This morning she was feeling so hungover she couldn't even sit still because she felt her head was going to explode, she didn't say a single word to John and begged her mother to let her miss this day of school, who, after some hesitance, accepted. John felt guilty, after all she left because of him, but feeling offended for being called an alcoholic and reacting by getting drunk was not the best idea his sister could come up with.
In that moment they heard a noise downstairs, they both looked at the door. After a few steps, Sherlock appeared in the door, looking down. "John why is the door open? You know we shouldn't..."
John cleared his throat and realized that Sherlock was waiting for a response, so he
John couldn't stop laughing. "No. I won't take it back!"
as long as I'm able to see you again, to talk to you once more. That's what I want. You. In any way you want me."
He shut his eyes closed and the sounds stopped for a moment. He opened them again, he wasn't buried under the remnants of his car. He was kneeling over the grass. He looked up and the sky grew darker and darker.
"Come on, Harry, please, please, tell me what you talked about last night!"
And that thought hit John: it really
And he knew he would never be happy again.
Sherlock smiled widely and looked directly into John's eyes, with that look the boy simply couldn't resist. "I missed you too. I imagined myself telling you what I had found on the crime scene and  I ended up talking alone and everybody looked at me as if I had lost my mind."
“There are plenty of cases going around London right now, little brother. I’m sure you’ll be entertained enough again.” Mycroft said passing an envelope to Sherlock.
John took the palette and the oils and started mixing, but just before he was about to start, he turned to look at Sherlock and softly said, “talk to me.”
They went downstairs, Sherlock leading and John behind him, when Sherlock stopped immediately and John crashed with him. "Hey!" He said, fixing his glasses, but Sherlock wasn't answering. John couldn't see what was stopping him, the greaser blocked his view.
. Where do you think you're going? We need help with this case! Lestrade looked really annoyed, and clueless, and desperate to solve the case.
John’s eyes shone. “Come”, he told Sherlock, and without further ado, he started walking.
"And that's exactly why I'm the one on the driver's seat and not you." John said with a smile.
John broke their kiss and stared at Sherlock. His cheeks were flushed and his hair was tousled and the image was so perfect and so sexy that Sherlock's cock responded immediately.
John smiled, “alright. I’ll come back later, and see how you are and if you’ve eaten, so you better do.”
“But it will.”
a serious issue, how was it even possible that John would block his senses and his focus just by his mere presence? This was getting serious.
John took out his pad and started writing on it, so he wouldn't forget anything. He wrote the teacher's name and the general rules of the class, just in case. About ten minutes later, there was a knock on the already closed door. The teacher, who stopped talking and frowned, went to open it. "Sorry sir, I got lost."
“I meant that- drawing legs and arms is getting boring. I want more. I want a real challenge, Sherlock”, he said, turning to look at him, while Sherlock still stared out the window.
"Yes, John,
********
Melissa frowned. “But how?”
"Are... All of this yours?"
for having friends. But I'm sorry, we don't do any favors."
Sherlock turned to look at her. "We're not a couple."
Sherlock was on his feet without even realizing he was.
"Goodbye Mrs Watson" Sherlock said smiling and walking towards the door.
He didn't even look down as he passed. He forced himself not to.
John stood silent for a moment. “I- um, West London.”
Sherlock was putting a sheet of paper in the typewriter and without looking up he muttered. "Hmm?"
Jones didn't say much and refused to cooperate. Since he had become the prime suspect Lestrade called for backups and he was taken for interrogation at Scotland Yard. He still refused to talk, and kept asking for a lawyer.
"No, not really, I don't fancy staying until late at school."
"Well... I've never seen you smiling like this before." She said happily.
"How could you possibly know?" John asked, confused.
“Nothing. Sit, watch and enjoy. I want to see the look in your eyes”, she walked towards him, “and then, if you’re too sad, I can erase him from your mind too.”
And he hated it. He turned and walked back home.
If someone were to ask Sherlock how he would have imagined  John's quarters to look like, he would have replied that they could be messy and a bit disheveled, but they would be
Sherlock listened to different composers whenever he painted, it depended on his mood. Whenever he felt the need to bring intensity into the shapes of the human body, he would listen to Vivaldi, but when he wanted to focus on details, he listened to Bach. Chopin was good for those moments when he went slow, slow, slow, when the body drew itself as a thing to contemplate, to stare at delicately. He could almost feel the skin under his fingertips whenever he smudged the trace of the charcoal. That was what Chopin was good for.
"What? Why are you even saying that?"
"What do we do?"
He let out a sigh, smiled and fell asleep.
John sighed. "How many times do I have to tell you! I'm not... We're not..." Angelo was looking at him with a tiny smile drawing in his face, he winked. John knew it was pointless. He was tired of people assuming they were a couple. Always the same thing. "Anyway, we're fine, we're okay, he just wasn't feeling hungry".
"There is nothing to talk about!" Sherlock said, loosening the hold of John's grip. "Now can I go?"
He opened his eyes again. Sherlock was looking around hesitantly.
Sherlock saw stars.
I observed. It still pains you and it’s reflected on the trembling of your hand. You subconsciously fix your t-shirt constantly to make sure it’s covered even though it’s not necessary because it wouldn’t be visible. You just need the reassurance that it will remain hidden. You wouldn’t do it if there wasn’t
"Mom...?" John said trying to recover his breath after the initial shock. "...were those gunshots?" He tried to go down the stairs, but it was as if he had frozen. He couldn't move, he was terrified.
Lestrade did so. He told John he needed his help on a new case where they couldn’t find out how the person had been killed and almost dragged him inside against his will, while John kept saying “Wait, but-”.
John smirked: "What happened?
She shook her head. "I'm offended. Of course not, I mean it, I like just go around creating problems, and this looks like a very interesting one. Also, it's not like I don't get anything from this deal, I'm dating one of the most popular boys in school! That's going to give me so much power!" Irene said excitedly, as if it was the most normal thing to say, then she leaned over and kissed Sherlock's earlobe.
The door closed immediately and was followed by a "shhh!"
“It does wonders to your ego to see worse artists than you. This place motivates me to keep doing what I do, because no matter what, it’ll always be better than this.”
“Oh, that’s a slight relief.”
Jim turned to look at Sebastian and then at Irene and grinned. Sherlock could only smell trouble. He turned to look at Greg, who now seemed to agree with the idea somehow. Sherlock nudged him and Greg turned to look at him. "What?"
"Hey!" Sherlock said, padding John's hair. "It's okay. You have nothing to apologize for. I'm fine, I'm here. I'm with you."
“But I trust you will.”
“Where are you heading to?”, he heard a voice behind him.
-------------------------
Sherlock tried to think and convince himself it wasn't true. "Well, that's his problem, not mine. See you later." He sighed.
"But I want to be his friend." Sherlock said lowly, very lowly, in an almost imperceptible way.
He wanted to say it. He so desperately wanted to say it. He had felt it for over two years.
"You have to get some solid food in order to recover the energy." Sherlock replied looking down.
Sherlock smiled with relief. John would see him once again, he would finally get to explain all of it.
He reached towards the clinic, trying to stop pulling faces every time he felt his headache getting deeper. Sarah greeted him with an apologetical smile. "Listen, about the article..." She started.
Greg turned, frowning. He asked himself if he had imagined that or if Sherlock had in fact said it. The detective still had his eyes on the folder, flipping the pages.
"Yeah, mate. We're all going to be there."
This was the last time I saw you
He couldn't see the greaser boy quite well, his back was turned against him, but he was with a girl, Irene.
"Sh...what?" Sherlock said frowning.
"Do you want me to-?"
Sherlock closed his eyes. “She asked him if he was jealous. He replied that we were not a couple.”
Sherlock blinked and walked towards John just in time to catch him by the forearm and stop him. “John. Don’t. Please.”
As soon as they finished John looked at him with a pleased smile on his face. Sherlock stood up and sat on the couch, while John brought the glasses and the wine to sit next to him.
“John, it wasn’t because of the lack of sleep or food. It was- the aftermath of the-”
Well, that and her alcoholism. She always ended up promising she would quit drinking, but she never did. John grew tired of waiting for her to do it, Clara had grown tired too, but they stood by her side, hoping someday she would fulfil the prospect.
He looked miserable, utterly and completely miserable, he looked exhausted, as if he was done with all of this stupid little game: always on and off, he meant it. He meant all of it.
The other unavoidable truth: he would end up making a fool of himself. In front of the
When he stood up from the chair, he felt the edges of his vision getting darker and his legs getting weaker. Numbly and quivering, he made it to Sarah's desk, and he fell down, feeling his mind shutting down and collapsing to the ground, losing the bit of strength he had left.
“Oh, I only chose the ones from the last three years. All the victims were within that group, so I imagined that Michael had been lazy and just chosen to kill the ones in that group. Perhaps because it was more probable that they’d be at the same working place or were living at the same address than the ones who had checked in twenty years ago.”
John turned to look at Sherlock and said "Sherlock, listen to your brother. Enter to your house and get some sleep, I'll see you on Monday okay?"
"Oh John, you are so dull."
He peeked through the window, Sherlock was nowhere around. Lots of police rushing in and out of the house, but Sherlock wasn't there. He probably was with Irene and that shouldn't bother John because she was his girlfriend and it made sense but he was so fucking jealous. Because it didn't make sense at all. Just two weeks ago they had been wonderful and happy and Sherlock held his hand and kissed his cheek and what happened with that?
“But, well, the technique… is just, terrible”, John admitted, his eyes fixed on the painting, as if he was afraid of looking at Sherlock.
"No, it's fine, I'll be fine." He said, attempting to smile and poorly accomplishing it. Without muttering another word, he turned and went to his medical office.
"You wouldn't have me any other way. Who is the crazy one?" Sherlock said, laughing.
"What is that noise, after all?" John said rising his voice.
Without looking at him, and focused on his cigarette, Sherlock answered seriously. "Unless it's the history project, I'm not interested." He threw the cigarette to the floor, then he glanced at John, shook his head and moved to walk towards the crime scene.
“What?”, John asked, confused.
Irene Adler’s voice came to his mind.
While he opened it, a small, small voice flatly stated, "he's not coming back."
“I want to see you mixing colors, feeling them, creating with them, imagining possibilities, bringing a touch of life into every single one of your traces. This is your opportunity to prove me wrong, to show me the magic hidden within each hue, within each tone.
Melissa was a fan. An old admirer of the blog, a person who had actively helped them and who looked as if she enjoyed doing so.
John cleared his throat. "Sherlock?", he asked, silently begging that Sherlock wouldn't be as difficult as the day before.
stop interrupting and let us continue? Thank you."
The gun was in there. A constant, powerful reminder of the frailty of life, and its finitude. A finitude that even he could control.
Sherlock closed his eyes, willing the lump in his throat away.
The taxi stopped at NSY and Sherlock couldn't walk fast enough to reach Lestrade's office. He found the DI sitting on his desk, a huge cup of coffee next to him, big bags under his eyes. He looked up as soon as Sherlock appeared and stood up. "Explain."
Then John opened his eyes as soon as he smelled the smoke.
"...plus, as an admirer of his blog, I couldn't allow you to do such thing." She said with a smile.
That was exactly what she was going to do with John. And she was going to make Sherlock watch, as if it wasn’t enough with losing him, he would have to witness as she would rip him apart bit by bit.
“I needed a cover so I could leave and destroy Moriarty’s network. And so I did. I left and I spent those eighteen months chasing down his allies. India, Germany, Budapest, Argentina… Serbia”, his voice trembled. He cleared his throat.
John, he was certain of that. And apparently John needed him as well, and that was great.
--------------------------
Sherlock’s upper back ached. He knew it was psychosomatic, he knew that it was an effect of the flashback, feeling as if the injuries had just been done to him, as if all of this had never happened at all and he was still in Serbia. As if he had never come back to London only to find a John that wouldn’t recognize him at all, a John that had supposedly moved on until Sherlock came back to wreck the life John had claimed back, as if they had never kissed and touched. As if it all had been an illusion from his mind palace.
Mycroft smiled and looked at his brother. "Go ahead, Sherlock, tell him"
But then he came back home and…nothing.
"Fine. But if Mycroft discovers you I'll say you forced me to leave the house and go to the damn party and I didn't want to but I had to." "I-
greaser
"I'm sorry, I just...I felt the need-"
“Yes”, Sherlock said, decidedly. He would do anything to make John happy.
"Stop being such a wet rag! Come join us for lunch!"
are brilliant. I just- thank you. I never thought I’d be capable of
John clenched his jaw again. "Did-", he shook his head. "I- I checked into Lacuna."
"GIVE ME THE DAMN KEYS!"
Sherlock fell on the bed, looking exhausted.
"Why?"
Harry pulled a more serious  face. "I've been told about you, Holmes. And I'm John's big sister so it's my job saying this and I've been told about you."
“Hm?”
He smiled against the violin and promised himself that he would do anything he could to save John Watson, just as John Watson had saved him.
"What happened of what?" John said standing up.
"They would get the wrong impression anyway, I wouldn't be here looking for their daughter and neither would she." Sherlock said shrugging and smiling.
"Yeah, this is my laboratory." Sherlock said nonchalantly and without turning.
"So, what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?"
They closed the bedroom door behind them. John finally let go of the lapels and threw the jacket to the ground, but took his time unbuttoning Sherlock's purple shirt, as if he was slowly uncovering something incredibly valuable, something precious. Which was not the case at the moment, Sherlock thought.
John felt a pinch of excitement hearing that. He certainly enjoyed being called a doctor. He wanted to be one, and this was a good way to start, even if it was terrifying, he knew Sherlock would be there to support him. He smiled back. "After you, Detective Inspector."
The detective started playing, ignoring completely the DI's adieu.
"Holmes for you, ankle-biter." He said with a very serious face.
Sherlock turned to look at him, frowning. "And what? Do you think I'm dying for your friendship or...?"
, a John from three months ago, with a broken, strained, slightly desperate voice said in the background.
it had to be a mistake. "We have work to do. We better get on to it." He said as he moved to take the two erasers laying on the floor.
“No.”
"Harry!" She didn't turn.
John climbed in wondering if he had lost his mind. He was taking a cab with a complete and total stranger who…surprisingly didn’t feel like a stranger at all.
Supernovas and stars and whole galaxies, God, Sherlock was capable of creating solar systems and black holes at this very moment.
Since the prologue was short, this update is coming sooner!, enjoy! x
"No, you were destroying your lungs, but you know exactly what I meant with that question, so stop pretending and answer me."
"I made breakfast, I was waiting for you to get up."
"You're not. I mean, erm- you're never wrong when it comes to me. "
Perhaps that was what it took to make him believe in the existence of metaphysics. He was certain there were no stars in the ceiling of his room, so the only logical outcome was that there was something beyond the physical, beyond the tangible, and he was stuck halfway amidst the dream and the reality.
"I don't see what is the big problem with a woman I barely saw a few times coming back."
Sherlock knitted his brows.
"WE ARE NOT...! Never mind, can I stay please just for tonight?"
"I can tell from one look at your face everything you did today. Of course I knew that day that you were lying, and no, she's not dead."
Sherlock's still conscious side of his brain wondered for a second why on earth had those concepts stayed inside his mind palace but he didn't dwell on it too much because John pulled the zipper down.
"...yes", he shakily replied. He cleared his throat. "Yes."
Sarah stood up immediately, worried. She reached for his wrist to take his pulse but it was too slow. He had just passed out but she couldn't be able to stabilize him. She would have to take him to a bigger clinic.
Because he knew what Lacuna was and he knew who Melissa was, even though they were supposed to be erased from his mind.
something. So that's why I say it seemed you weren't."
Melissa gasped. “Isabella.”
Sherlock  felt like the air in the room was not enough, his chest was too tight, and John kept staring with a horrible smirk and with his red eyes with unshed tears and he wanted to run away. "I don't know what else to say, what to do. I wish I did but I don't. If I would have known, I would have walked away, I would have kept myself as far as I could but when I found out it was already too late, and I had missed you and I was selfish and-"
"What was it?"
Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to lie to John, not when John was talking to him so amiably and was at such ease, they had just laughed like the old times! He simply couldn’t lie to him, it would destroy all of it. “Yes. He needs me there.”
They couldn’t. They were unable to.
He’d think of John’s body, for artistic purposes of course. There was something curious about his body, it was an imperfect union of elements that joined together were simply perfect. Sherlock had never seen anything of the such, and he knew that human bodies didn’t behave in that way, human bodies were imperfect by definition, but John was-
“I do love the hands in one of his paintings”, he finally said, breaking the silence.
John nodded and stared at the last post, feeling his throat tightening.
“Right here, please”, Sherlock said, taking John out of his reverie. John blinked a couple of times in order to clear his mind out of all those…thoughts surrounding Sherlock. “Thank you for sharing the cab”, he said, handing John a couple of quids, which John absentmindedly took, as he took in the shape of Sherlock’s long fingers.
"But who is he?"
He had to save him.
John looked at the touch with fixation.
"I brought him here, didn't I?", Sherlock said firmly.
He was too distracted to notice John walking towards him and kissing him. He gasped in surprise. He would never get used to John’s kisses, he knew that already. He was in too deep.
There's this unusual sensation an average person feels when said person finishes reading a particularly fascinating book, there's a certain emptiness to it, filled with a sadness that it's over and a need for more, but there's also a sense of completion, as if the last sentence and the first sentence came together, thus closing the circle.
It would never be the right time.
Friends… lovers…idiotic inventions. Truly idiotic.
He wasn't sure what to think. What did she mean with dinner? He tried to deduce it, but nothing. He looked at her, he smelled that perfume, nothing. "Why would I want to have dinner if I'm not hungry?"
"I made sure he's fine. Just a bit sore but I think he'll be able to leave the hospital very, very soon", Sherlock replied, turning to look at John.
So chapter 2 is here! Thanks to everyone who have been reading it and have left kudos! It means a lot :)
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, the function. You paint abstract things and surrealistic things and mix colors everywhere but surely you must have done at least one or two drawings in charcoal. Now tell me, what is it for?”
Harry bursted into laugher while John just stared at her confused. "A what? Oh John, don't play games with me! Which person, any
John snorted. "Well, you can get out and get to your house by walking..."
Things will get so much better soon, I promise <3 thank you so much for reading, you all :3
Fine, the biggest lie had fallen, John found out the truth and now there wasn't that feeling of anxiety and fear that always surrounded Sherlock.
"Yes, but I almost lost you without even meeting you, and all because of my sister!"
"Irene Adler. She just told me her name. You were there."
Warning for Language!
"Sorry, who are you?" John asked, his gaze turning serious.
Sherlock didn't say a word, he preferred John to believe it was a drug bust. After all, he was keeping his promise to Irene.
This was unusual, more than unusual, it was quite unsettling for John. He was used to having nightmares of Afghanistan, he recalled the taste of the sand and the sound of the shots. He remembered the screams of the people, his own shout of pain when he felt the bullet on his shoulder. The image was vivid, clear and it always was the same. It got so usual that John didn't feel threatened nor terrified by it anymore.
After Greg left, Sherlock opened the book and started reading it with the same excitement as a kid with a new toy would feel, his face was lighting up, John looked at him from the kitchen, smiling, he looked so adorable. It was rare seeing this side of Sherlock, so he treasured the moments it happened.
John went downstairs and passed by a group of doctors and photographers and as he entered to the basement, he had to lay into one of the walls to resist the urge to faint. The scene was terrible. The man's arms were tied and he showed clear signs of torture, then,
"You do and you can't!. If you are going to be a pretender, you have to be a
Sherlock frowned, certainly confused.
And perfect.
“Yes. He was quite an extraordinary person. Dr. Watson lived amazed with him. You can tell by his posts.”
"Yeah, maybe not. Goodbye." John said accelerating the car and leaving.
"No, I'm fine. I have to work tomorrow."
Sherlock shook his head. "She can wait. Anything can wait. What happened?"
"Stop repeating yourself, clearly I am."
A whole universe of possibilities across time and space.
Sherlock smiled (a very, very fake smile as far as John could see) and moved to the side to talk to John. The greaser had his eyes fixed on him, penetrating him. As soon as they were at some distance from his friends, Sherlock rolled his eyes and look at John irritatedly. "Yes?"
John opened his mouth and then closed it, he then turned to look at Molly and Tom, who were nodding at him, encouragingly. "...Sure." John replied after a moment and took a sip of beer.
"You can try..." Sherlock said stubbornly.
He walked towards the street and hailed a cab. While he was sitting on the chair, he heard fast paces approaching, a hand stopped him from closing the door.
"Sherlock?", John asked.
They shook erasers for a while in silence. That until...
He added some white and some dark brown to create the shadows.
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed deeply.
John looked at the picture of Elvis on the cover of the magazine. "Wow. I can see why Harry loves him so much, and she doesn't even like boys!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I have no intention of keep talking to you." He turned to look at John again who didn't look back at him. "I'll see you tomorrow, John." And he walked away.
“Yeah, well, London”, John said rubbing the back of his neck. “Doesn’t it look like it?”
"Oh Sherlock, don't look at it like that. Think of it as a new chance of starting over, of leaving all those problems behind and getting new friends!"
“Feeling better?”, Sherlock asked after a while.
"Well, yes. But I got used to you being unusual. Let's go then."
John could never tell why.
A little increase of the dosage would do. He was a chemist, he knew how to handle these things. It was easier to find the vein, and then he simply allowed himself to feel the liquid merging with his blood.
What else could he do?
him. He simply couldn't. As much as he tried, he couldn't.
She had a point. She always did.
He turned to look at her, this time far much more annoyed than last time. "Are you writing a book?"
John felt sick. He hadn't talked to Harry, hadn't even looked at her when he arrived. He couldn't face her now, couldn't bring himself to apologize, to admit he had been an idiot, the biggest idiot in the world.
"That's not your problem!"
John smiled softly. He didn’t say anything else.
"Well, that went... Surprisingly well." John said with a smile. He grabbed Sherlock's hand. "Thank you, I know it took a lot of effort from you to not be yourself." He placed a kiss on Sherlock's hand.
He stared into Victor’s eyes. He couldn’t quite tell, but did he look sad? He could swear he caught a glimpse of utter bitterness behind that fixed look. He thought about it for a second, remembered the Victor Trevor he met, the Victor who had been his first friend, the Victor before drugs, the brilliant Victor who only demanded a bit of attention from his parents and was in need of a friend without even knowing it. During that short moment, he could almost see that Victor. And he felt so sorry for him. This Victor, whoever he was now, wasn’t happy, he was helpless.
It wasn’t. As soon as Sherlock stepped into the room he could tell that there was something odd in the design of the archive, and so, he discovered a secret passage that served as a tunnel between the backyard and the room, and it had been created in the manor long time ago, judging by the amount of humidity on it. The landlord claimed not to know anything about its existence, he even managed to look surprised.
His mom's face tensed up. "It's Saturday evening. Of course not", she said rubbing her nape.
Mr Watson didn't say much during dinner, he didn't ask anything to Sherlock. There was no reason to do so. He was John's
John was looking fixedly at Mycroft without realizing, while Mycroft looked at Sherlock with a frown. John reacted when he heard Sherlock's voice and stood up. "Yeah, sure." He nodded at Mycroft. "Thanks for dinner." Then he went towards Mrs Hudson and grinned. "It was delicious."
"Your leg is hurting. Take a seat."
a scary thought.
"I'm an alcoholic." She said with a shrug. "And at first I was so mad, so incredibly angry with you, then I realized you had a point. Then I went and drank everything I could find, and that
"Stop thinking about it! Think of something else and for God's sake, don't you even dare to stand up from that chair because I know exactly what you will do!"
"No!" Sherlock said firmly.
"Mrs Hudson..." He said as a warning for her to shut up.
John almost,
Sherlock stood up, looking at him, very serious, but not in his
“I am”, he whispered and felt John shiver next to him. He looked down and realized that his lips were almost touching his earlobe. He didn’t move away.
The detective frowned, but didn't say another word.
John nudged him. He was still wrapped in the blanket and his eyes were closing again.
sound like her. He could smell her perfume, it was still seared into his mind.
But he felt that if he could understand John Watson in some way, he’d be able to understand what that anguish represented for him and what he wanted to say when he painted it.
His head was a mess. He tried, he
"Go where?" Sherlock frowned.
“Y-yes. Taking into account the image you saw in the mirror. Try to reproduce it
"What's Lacuna?", Lestrade asked, more awake than before but barely stifling a yawn.
Sherlock stared at him fixedly, as if he could read his mind. “You will paint again, John.”
"Boring. Boring. Boring!" Sherlock almost yelled while John drove them out of school.
John was even more confused. "I know, that was sarcasm."
"No." John said, crossing his arms over the table. "I'm not leaving."
Lestrade looked down again, not sure if he wanted to ask that question or not. "So, you're alive..." He hesitated.
Finally, the detective looked up, his face expressionless and his voice sharp. "That'd be all, detective inspector."
"Sure." Sherlock nodded. Then he turned to look at John, while Irene held his hand. "I'll see you later, okay?"
Sherlock shook his head. "No, Mycroft. You know exactly what I mean. You kept an eye on him. Tell. Me. What. Happened. To. Him."
Sherlock knew that already, so he didn’t feel anything when Victor reminded him of it. “Sure. Then just take the advice from an ex-addict.”
Harry looked at John suspiciously, but smiled, as if she was able to read what was going through his mind: Sherlock. "Sure, right, of course you are, you are definitely not undressing Sherlock in your mind". She winked at him and he rolled his eyes.
John’s mouth opened involuntarily. He blinked. “I’m sorry, what?”
Sherlock took his hand and examined it carefully. “It hasn’t trembled at all”, he whispered, as he ran his fingertips over John’s knuckles.
"Then let's go somewhere else." He said looking at John and smiling in such a nice way that John was almost
"Okay... Fine, great, good, wonderful... I mean, Are we okay then?"
“Are- are you okay?”, Sherlock whispered, turning to look at John but not daring to meet his eyes.
Eventually, the nightmares grew less and less recurrent. One night he didn't dream at all.
He felt a pair of arms crossing around his back. The same back that had taken the incessant whipping that seemed to extend itself infinitely as it reached through every single muscle in his body, was now hosting the warmth of John’s arms. He couldn’t do anything. After years of carrying that weight, he didn’t know how to move his arms anymore, how to breathe, how to live in a world where John Watson had actually forgiven him.
Harry laughed. "Oh you know! Maybe you find a cute guy who makes you forget about the weirdo!"
him. He raised his eyebrows and turned to look at him in surprise, but John's eyes were already closed. He released a breath he didn't know he had been holding and turned the lights off.
“Sherlock?”
John shook his head. "Don't worry, he didn't cross the line, well, he inquired a little about me and you, but that was okay. What I was worried about was what he told
Almost desperately, he reached for the next pill and put it inside his mouth until it dissolved. Nothing. Except...
The greaser leaned down and held John's chin, lifting his head a bit and looking at his lips, "your lip is looking better."
Yes, of course he knew that was physically impossible.
"Now now, let's go, Dr. Watson."
Sherlock looked at John incredulously.
Or well, that’s what I heard.”
"Fine! You know what? Do as you like! Good luck with that!". John didn't look at her and opened Sherlock's door loudly.
it", Sherlock replied, feeling slightly more at ease.
Finally he reacted, while Sherlock looked at him, frowning. "...sure. Off we go."
Anyway, if Sherlock didn’t want him in his life then that was fine by him, he wouldn’t go and beg, he wouldn’t bounce around him like a puppy, he was John Watson, he had a goddamned picture on the Tate Modern, and if no one wanted to teach him how to paint a body then he’d teach himself.
"I didn't ask for it."
And if she wasn’t the first one then why couldn’t Sherlock find who the first one had been?
Beautiful? Really?
"I'm not going anywhere, I'm still stuck in detention." John said trying to ignore Sherlock's hands holding his arm so tenderly, so lovingly.
He couldn’t find it. He couldn’t see it. He looked for perfection, not for beauty. The thing was that the world he lived in was a place he didn’t feel happy about, and so he reproduced it as faithfully as possible.
The Tate Modern didn’t sound like such a bad idea.
"I mean, I would have stayed there, if you wanted me to."
"You'll pass through it." John said, all of the sudden, and he felt the greaser go rigid.
"You'll tell me tomorrow." Sherlock said walking again.
"It's just, you...you pretend and pretend and pretend."
"I think I'd better should be off." John said with a serious expression, taking his bag and getting up the desk.
He took the box and ran down the stairs.
"How was it?"
It was everywhere. Everywhere he looked at, as if the memories that had been taken away from John had been spread all over 221B. It was as if the wallpaper was tinged with a shadow of
"Because he doesn't seem to be fine at all! He looks miserable, Harry. And he won't talk to me anymore. That's why I'm asking
"I'm waiting for the explanation..." She said angrily.
"But you still...the other ones?"
John thought to himself. As soon as he climbed upstairs towards his bedroom, the excitement he had felt earlier that day turned into sudden panic: What if he didn't know how to behave in a party? What if he drank too much? What if there were too many people and he would just be rejected?
"Seriously John, stay as far as you can from them. I mean it."
"I... Um... There are some cases in which you'd be helpful."
dangerous.
Mrs. Hudson heard it and knocked again. "Sherlock Holmes, your brother is here and we are having breakfast, so have the decency of opening your door and coming downstairs just to say 'hello'..."
The greaser sat (more like sprawled)  right next to John in the sofa and closed his eyes, smiling. John looked at him and couldn't help but smile too, that until the song started playing. The guitar solo of the beginning gave John the first clue that a. This wasn't better than Mozart and b. He wasn't going to like this. But he never thought he would dislike it that much until he heard the lyrics. It was Chuck Berry's
"And what do I have to do with it?"
“The blog he asked you to delete?”
"What's that all about?". Harry loosened from John's grip and looked at him a little surprised.
John's mouth fell open. Was this really happening? Was Sherlock Holmes about to tell him the whole truth? It couldn't be. No. This just probably meant that he was going to get back with Victor or something like that.
He looked down and looked up. Sherlock was still staring at them. “So, you paint human bodies?”
"I'm sorry, I have to go. Murder." Greg said, rushing through the door. When he said the word 'murder', he turned to look at Sherlock, like some kind of open invitation (more like a request), to join him and help him with the case.
When John climbed back up Sherlock was already sitting in the same place he had been. They sat together and ate amicably, in silence.
"Make me." John said and opened his eyes wide when he realized what he just said, that was
He arrived to the corner of the building where teachers rarely passed by when he found Jim, Sebastian and Greg. Both Jim and Sebastian were laughing while Greg just rolled his eyes at them and smoked silently. Sherlock felt the anger rising to his head and he wanted to kick Jim's ass. Because this was all his freaking fault. Now everything was ruined.
“Look at your eyes”, Sherlock instructed him softly.
John stood still, his mouth half open. Sherlock couldn’t bear to look at him, because he knew, he knew nothing good was going to come out of it and he just had made things more uncomfortable between them. There was nothing good in telling John that, and yet he had chosen to do it so. Stupid, stupid.
“I did”, Sherlock replied good-naturedly. “They lacked details, they weren’t perfect enough.”
"Yes..." Sherlock said, a little embarrassed, because his posh house wasn't like him at all. He focused his attention back to Irene. "Listen, I want to ask you something."
The image of their joined hands, for that small second on their last class, had been enough to make his brain work, to make his brain flow with images and ideas and he felt that nagging need to paint he only felt while looking at John’s painting.
normally,
"Well, you don't look very happy, and the way you talk about him, did you guys break up?"
“Of course you do. You and your damned obsession with light and shadow.”
The door of room 219 was closed. Sherlock stood in front of it and took a moment to regain his composure.
30 days ago, staring at a nonsensical, abstract and colorful painting had been what had brought him some kind of inspiration back. He didn’t understand how, but the complexity and the depth of it spoke volumes to Sherlock, volumes that the painting didn’t show by itself.
Sherlock looked at John, expressionless, he took his phone, looked at the message and locked it again, without saying a word. John was staring at him. "Happy?"
I'm really sorry for taking so long to update, I've just kind of been stuck on a writer's block, but hopefully everything will fall back into place once again. Promise the next update will be up soon, thank you so much for your comments and kudos, they mean the world to me.
"Is that a threat?"
He’d known it since he was seven years old anyway.
sorry about what happened with Jim, John! I thought you had forgiven me! Everything was going well and suddenly you storm out and leave!"
“As observant as always”, Sherlock said mockingly. “Now, if you excuse me I’ll go back to my drawing.”
He didn't know what to expect.
"Thursday?"
“I don’t know. I don’t like not knowing. You never noticed any files missing from the archive?”
John walked off from the cafeteria and unconsciously, he took the same path he always took to go to Chemistry Club, and just as he turned one of the corners, he found the greaser, seating in the same chair as the day before, reading the same book, and incredibly focused. In the moment he saw John he exhaled loudly and closed the book. John tried to pull a little (but fake) smile and told himself to be patient.
good that Sherlock knew what he didn’t have the courage to say.
And it was true. He couldn't distinguish the physical pain from the mental one, because it all fucking hurt, from the tips of his toes to his fingertips, from his knees to his scalp, it all hurt, as if all the places John Watson had seen, had touched, had kissed were now suffering the withdrawal.
greaser
"Oh, and John?" Greg said, and John turned again.
“Yes but they don’t count.”
"I'm not a child anymore, Mycroft. I don't need your freaking secret service over me!"
Sherlock was only able to produce a small, sad smile as the thoughts invaded his mind.
John stopped laughing.
from the boy he used to be at the beginning of the year. "There's no chance for you to ruin it. Just pass it, that's all."
John swallowed.
John felt a rush of anger coming up to his face, he didn't know what he was feeling, he was just so mad. Sherlock never told him anything, he thought he was his best friend, but now he just keeps hiding everything from him, he couldn't hide his anger. "Fine, fine, I get it, good. What else should I know, did you save Moriarty too?"
John turned to look at Sherlock and widened his eyes, as if secretly asking him for help because Mike was going to kill him.
greaser
John sighed.
"When am I getting out of here?", Sherlock groaned as Lestrade walked into his room.
“They’re finished”, Sherlock interrupted, knowing exactly what John would ask.
"Well John, your husband is not going."
"No." Sherlock said without hesitation.
John looked at him. Sherlock had opened his mouth and somehow his brain had taken over it, he didn’t know what he was saying, he didn’t know if he was saying all of what he thought or just what John should know, he didn’t know because the mental picture was too big, was clouding his mind palace.
John blinked nine times.
John cleared his throat, tossing the phone back to Melissa. He sat straight. “My therapist asked me to create a blog, but I had nothing the write about, nothing ever happened to me. I started writing in the blog after our first case together-” He smiled. “He was just...incredible and I wanted the world to know how smart this man was, how much my life had changed in a second. Suddenly, we became kind of popular. We even had tabloid nicknames and-” He chuckled at the memory. “Deerstalker hats. God, I loved writing on that blog.”
John stood silent.
They were supposed to represent life and celebrate the human body and the complexity and depth of it and yet this resembled more to a funerary rite than to a living, actual, human body.
Wether you come and get a good grade, or you don't and we lose."
Sherlock smiled softly at him, John could see from the corner of his eye, and he couldn’t help but smile back, just the barest twitch from his lips.
Greg cleared his throat and moved to join Jim and Sebastian.
“Talk English to me! I don’t know what the bloody hell is a sclera!”
“I- I’m sorry Mr. Holmes, I was convinced it would be him! I told you so! The way Alice talked about him, he didn’t seem like a nice person-”
And Sebastian did, and John felt his back clinch in pain as soon as he hit the lockers loudly, then Sebastian grabbed John's glasses and threw them to the floor. John couldn't see anything. At all. "What the hell?" He said trying to stand up.
"Three years thinking about me... seems useless."
"You have me, all of me."
(See the end of the chapter for
John was greeted with the sound of a violin melody. He stopped at the entrance of the flat to see Sherlock’s back as he stared through the window while he played the violin. It was beautiful and incredibly intense. The melody, though John couldn’t recognize it, was generally upbeat, but it was tainted with small traces of melancholy.
"Can I stay here, please?"
greaser
"Well?" Sherlock asked impatiently.
"Inside. Now." Sherlock replied.
"I DON'T NEED A BLOODY SEAT!" John interrupted him, yelling.
"Why did you wake up screaming his name?"
Perhaps the pain of withdrawal was somewhere along his body, hidden in a little corner, but it was blurred, taken over by a bigger, deeper pain, a pain that he had no idea where it started and where it ended. He didn't know anymore. He didn't know how to stop all of this.
