Steve shook his head.  Tony and Clint had begun arguing about the kitchen, food, and cooking the day Clint had moved in, coffee maker and dog in tow, and they hadn’t stopped.  It was all in good fun, especially since neither of them could cook a lick, and their attempts at scratch cooking were a big reason why Bruce and Natasha had basically taken over meal prep.
“Yeah, like Fury gave you a choice about housing the team.”
Stephanos lifted his head at that and gazed upon the King, so proud and noble even in the workman’s clothes he wore whilst studying his learned tomes. His face softened, and also his voice, so accustomed to calling out over the clash of swords and the roar of battle. “I would welcome that. Few know that in my youth, before I attained a man’s growth, I learned to draw and paint from the monks at the monastery of St. Padraig, near my home. I have not held brush nor pen in long years, but now I desire to see the arts of the land I have sworn to defend.”
What was going on?
Steve couldn't help curling his lip.  “Yeah, like you believe that.”
Tony shot his left hand out and checked his wrist.   “Quarter of one on the 25th, so Merry Christmas and ho ho ho.”  He held out a stainless steel travel mug with vaguely sweet steam rising from the lid.
Tony hesitated.  “More than you want to know,” he said at last.  “Without you, the cops tried to hold off the Chitauri themselves instead of evacuating civilians, so bye-bye most of New York’s finest.  No one set a perimeter, either, which meant the attack spread all the way up Manhattan.  I think they finally managed to stop it around Fort Tryon Park.”
“They got the Cloisters?  I – I used to sketch there when I was in school, while they were building it.  They didn’t care how long I stayed.”  He reached down as if he could touch a crumbling parapet.  “Half my portfolio was drawings of the stonework.  Oh God – “
First reigned William, flower of Nas’s land
"Alas! Our land is accursed," said Sir Gabriel, heavy of heart for the injury to his lady and the loss of his chief. "Who will lead us now? Our Captain has fallen and we are bereft."
Stephanos listened to her teachings, sometimes nodding, sometimes questioning her words. At length he requested a confessor, as he had not been shriven since before the battle against Arminius, and a young novice was sent to fetch Father Edwin, the King’s own confessor, for his discretion was beyond all reproach.
” he called, and pulled out a twenty just in case their muscle bound server had something against superheroes and tried to put them near the kitchen.
Gallant ‘til Fate struck and made him mad.
Tony raised an eyebrow.  “That's not the question, young padawan.”
The woman’s perfectly groomed brows arched up in surprise.  “It’s Midnight Mass at St. Patrick’s.  Of course you need tickets.  Half the tourists in New York would show up to gawk if they didn’t have a way to limit how many people are allowed inside.”
“Yeah, ice skating.  Sounds perfect for a capsicle like me,” he said, and tried to tell himself that Tony didn’t look bewildered for a second or two.  “Didn’t you say something about the next life lesson?”
“Keep him out of here unless he's being useful, all right?”
Here the bards speak:
Where a line of people waiting to get into St. Patrick’s stretched nearly halfway down the block.
“Ah, don’t deny it.  The weight of responsibility, the grief at your losses – they weigh far too heavy on your shoulders, broad as they are.  You question whether you should even walk about the world at all, or if you should have stayed frozen where neither Zeus nor Hades has sway.”
“Among other things,” said Steve, and waited for the critic to run out the door before slinging an arm around Tony and leading him out onto the street.
“Remember what I said about not being soldiers?”  Tony shook his head.  “None of us, not even Thor, thought about frying the Chitauri while they were still
I heard anything.  I was standing right outside the kitchen door.”  Steve threw the long end of his toga over his shoulder.  The touch of the soft white wool eased the dull, itchy throb that matched the beat of his heart.  “You said I was better off in the ice.  Just like you did on the helicarrier.”
"Long have I suspected that he poured poison in my father's ear against me and my lady mother, though he be ever so holy," Antonius told Father Edwin. In time all but a few had forgotten that Bishop Obadiah was ever more than a figure of the shadows, complaining and muttering and keeping to his own lands, not the once-great counselor to a king.
So say the chroniclers:
Steve hadn’t been skating in years, not since he’d broken his tailbone out at Prospect Park while Bucky’s little sister laughed at how wobbly his ankles were.  Going now, when he was strong and fit and could keep up,  might be fun, especially if he held Tony to his promise about hot chocolate.  There was nothing better for keeping warm on a cold day, even when all he had was powdered milk, the emergency chocolate from his K-rats, and water heated on the exhaust manifold of a Jeep to keep the cold at bay –
So say the bards:
Kings and Queens of Graymarie so fine,
“ – and your security deposit is forfeit.”  There was another sliding sound, followed by a human yelp and some muffled cursing.  “Damn it, that baking sheet should have cooled by now.  JARVIS, make a note about researching burn-proof cookware.  I’m sick of having to ice my hands all the time.”
“Lucky, no!  Leave the pizza rolls – damn it!“
“Right.”  Someone – an usher? – stepped out of St. Patrick’s for a breath of air.  Steve started toward him to see if they somehow could find space for one more.  “This has been really interesting, but I should go.”
Atlas chuckled, shifting the armillary sphere on his back as the sidewalk rumbled slightly.  “Most people don’t.  Just think of me as another god, like your friend Thor.  We aren’t all that different.”
“So it does,” said JARVIS.  “Might I suggest a topcoat tonight rather than your motorcycle leathers?  The current temperature is 35 degrees, with lows expected in the high 20’s.  I realize that the cathedral is only a few blocks from the Tower, but it is still far enough that you might welcome the extra warmth.”
Steve stared at the phone in shock.  Did Tony really think he’d have them throw someone out to make room for him?
An emoticon of a shocked face swiveled back and forth on the screen.
“I don’t
“You don't know the half of it,” said Tony.  He watched as Ross and his detail followed Bruce onto the transport.   “Also?  All joking aside, if  you haven’t filed your DD 214 by now, do it as soon as the personnel office at Fort Hamilton opens on the 26th.  I’ve heard rumors about him trying to get you transferred from the Avengers to his command.  If that happens I’m not sure even Ellis will be able to get you out before Ross lets his boys go to town.“
Great was the woe of the populace when the Queen’s handmaiden, Ginevra il Rosso di Pentola, galloped to the capitol upon a horse half-dead with the awful news that King and Queen had both fallen to the Dragon’s fury. Bishop Obadiah, grim of mien and facile of tongue, counseled the people not to take arms against the Dragon, but rather to seek shelter in the great church of Our Lady of Liberty and beg the Mother of God for mercy against the coming peril.
“That’s why we’re a team, you big sap,” said Tony as the steam thickened to an opaque cloud.  “
“And yet not five minutes ago you wondered what the point of it all was.”  Atlas shook his head.  “You little know how crucial you are to the world, young warrior, or to those you call friend.  Believe me, both would be poorer were you still caught between life and death.”
“What?”  Steve’s robe disappeared in a swish of cloth.  Warm, ozone-heavy steam rose from the fissure to cover his nakedness.  “You – “
“What?”  Tony frowned.  “I know I've got a mouth, but come on.  There are whole careers built on studying your influence on the war and American life, beginning with you being the most admired American from 1952 to 1973 inclusive even though everyone thought you were dead.  Without you we wouldn't have stood a chance back in May, you -  “
“Here.  This’ll warm you up.”
Steve froze in place, vision suddenly flickering white and gold and blinding red.  “I – “
“Clint – wait, wait.”  Tony held up both hands, palms out.  The frond and the saffron robe were gone, replaced by a worn MIT sweatshirt and a pair of jeans with the right knee torn out.  “Is that what this is all about?  What you think you heard?”
“It is said that this knight, called the Master of Men, is unstoppable,” said the lady. “Like unto one of the very devils of hell he is, tall and broad as a great oak tree, and impervious to pain. Beware, o King, for he seeks thy doom, and the doom of this land!”
In this he was wrong, for peace had not lessened Stephanos' strength, nor the keenness of his watchers upon the borders. Scarce had Arminius set sail when Robert, Sentinel of the Land, sent word to Stephanos to prepare the defenses. Thus did Arminius find himself pitted against the army of the Five Isles, not a mere garrison such as he had expected.
So say the chroniclers:
“Nuh-uh, my idea, my snacks.”  There was more scuffling, and a muffled yip from the battered Heinz 57 dog Clint had dragged in from Bed-Stuy.  “Good boy, Lucky!  Good boy!  Sic ‘em!”
“Yeah, I got that.”  Steve couldn’t help a shiver at the thought of what Ross and his pet scientists would do to him if they could.  The after-action report about Mr. Green had almost made him sick to his stomach, and that was before he’d read the appendix about what was left of Emil Blonsky.  “Are we done?  I get it, I was supposed to be here for the attack so I should stop complaining and count my blessings.”
A volley of barks sounded, partially masked by a bright, loud crash and a violent burst of swearing.
Great was the battle that raged that day, as the chroniclers do tell us. Thrice did Antonius charge the Dragon, and thrice was he beaten back, losing horse and lance and even his shield to its deadly fire and poisonous breath. It was not until his stout companions did distract the beast with crossbow bolts and great war cries that he was able to come close enough to douse its fire with a potion proof against brimstone. Then, whilst the beast as so crippled, Antonius, son of Huard and Maria, raised his sword of Ouakandan metal and drove it into the great vein in the Dragon’s neck and thus end its evil life.
This time he could not deny the tears as it all came crashing down:  loss, grief, all the things he’d had and would never have again.  He had just enough presence of mind to stumble behind the statue before someone recognized him and snapped a picture of the great Captain America acting like he was drunk, even though the last time alcohol had effected him was before most of the city was even born.
“That’s a very good question, young man,” said a strong, deep voice from somewhere above him.   Steve reflexively jerked away from the plinth and fell into a defensive stance, every muscle suddenly tense.  What was going on?
It was a week after harvest time when Ioannes Schmidt, called Caput Rufus, arrived upon the borders of Graymarie. Great was his host, as mercenaries and Free Companies in search of rich booty had flocked to his standard, along with renegade Templars and Teutonic Knights and many others. His baggage train groaned with gold and the stores of a hundred lands he had earlier despoiled, and none would fault the man who saw his might and despaired.
King Huard himself was not the least of these mechanicians, as they became known, and his work graced the halls of castle and cloister. Marvelous were his creations: lights that needed no flame, instruments of war and defense that would defeat any who attacked the land, new draughts that might heal the sick and bring life to the dying. An oracular head of finest bronze was his great counselor, hight “Jarvis” for a wise friend and advisor who had fallen in battle, and there was no finer, richer land in all of Christendom.
Antonius had resolved to spend the whole night in prayer, even as the did nuns in the funeral chantries above keep watch in silence over the graves of the heroes. Yet he was a mortal man, prone to the weakness of mortal flesh, and unused to long hours in silent contemplation. So it was that eventually he did fall asleep, head bowed over his hands clasped upon the rail of the prie-dieu, and there slept without dreaming through the long watches of the night.
He glanced both ways, then crossed the street and took his place in the line.  Two women, one scarcely more than a girl, the other in a full length fur coat, edged forward.  A man in a tastefully cut chesterfield gave him a brief smile and put his arm about the woman in mink.  “Did you bring your ticket, honey?  It’s going to be packed.”
The land thrived and was at peace for many years. Harvests were rich and plentiful, and soon scholars of renown came to Graymarie to grace her court and instruct her people in the knowledge of God and the wisdom of the past. The great nunnery of Our Lady of Perpetual Liberty was raised as a thank offering by Margaret the Lady Knight after her marriage to Sir Gabriel and her safe delivery of their daughter, known as the Rose of Sharon for her beauty, and soon the finest sculptors and artisans of the land came to adorn the cloisters. Graymarie was spoken of throughout the world, and her Captain accounted as wise and just a ruler as any in Christendom.
That Tony did, per the Avengers' Google calendar that Tony's faithful AI faithfully maintained.  “CAP – sparring, Logan” it read, and if Tony felt just the teensiest flash of jealousy at the idea of two old war buddies getting hot, sweaty, and possibly entangled, he was not going to admit it in public.  “Basketball was scheduled first,” he said.  “That means post-basketball burgers, which means Logan can wait.”
Then forth did ride Antonius, in his armor of gold and his scarlet cloak, with Sir James and Lady Ginevra and others also. Chief among them was the one known as Stellarius, who soon stood revealed as Stephanos, Knight of the Star and Captain of Graymarie in former times. Even Ioannes stood amazed that this mighty warrior had returned from seeming death…
Antonius for his part would never accept to be parted from his dear friend, for truly no men were ever closer than the Knight of the Star and his King. In good time they knelt before Bishop Edwin (for so he was in after times) and swore oaths of perpetual friendship in the Slavonic fashion, to cleave only to each other and take no wife nor other companion, and so dwelt together in great contentment until the end of their days. They were succeeded by Lady Penelope, daughter of James and Felix, who reigned wisely and well, as her godfathers had taught her, and the land was long at peace.…
Two people conservator hurried past with a burned chunk of wool that might have been one of the
“I figured after that last text of yours.  Being shut out of church on Christmas can’t be much fun.”  Tony reclaimed the mug, stood and held out his free hand to Steve.  “Need help?  I saw you favoring your left while you were sparring with Nat this afternoon.”
Here the bards relate:
“You are most welcome,” said JARVIS, just as the door swished open.  “I endeavor to give satisfaction, as one of the late Mrs. Stark’s favorite authors might have said.”
“Worse,” said Tony, and shook the frond –
Who ruled with honor, grace, and beauty,
There was a soft creak of metal, as if something huge had shifted, followed by a roll of thunder underpinned by a faint, unmistakable
“Cocoa.”  Tony’s hands were warm even through his elegant leather gloves.  Steve, shivering now, breathed deep of the rich scent of chocolate and sugar and milk before taking his first sip.  “Clint made it because he felt guilty about Lucky the Chaos Hound wrecking the kitchen and I thought you might like some.  It’s not bad.”
Tony thought, and accepted.  “That’s – wonderful.  Just wonderful.”
He hissed as he read the glowing white numbers:  a few minutes before 2200.  Even on his Harley, even running, it was far too late to get down to Alphabet City in time for Mass, even if he’d been dressed and ready to go.   He took a deep breath – how had he lost over an hour?  - shoved the blankets aside, and stood up.
“You’re doing fine, JARVIS.  Just – “
Steve pressed his forehead to a knight’s sarcophagus.  The blackened granite was still intact, but half the exterior wall was gone.  “Thor lead armies.  He should have known.”
And so the years passed, in Graymarie as in the world. Those who came after would not take the title of Captain, so it was that Stephanos was succeeded in time by kings and queens, as in other realms. None was followed by their own child, as it was deemed fitting that the land should be ruled only by one acceptable to the people and willing to subordinate all pride to the service of Graymarie, as had Stephanos himself.
"So shall it be done," said the noble knight, and the nuns of Our Lady came to bear Stephanos away to their sanctuary, there to lie beneath the high altar, his shield upon his breast, in a casket of imperishable crystal, until the land should have need of him once more. And the chronicles speak no more of him for many a long year.
The only darkness to mar this peaceful time came soon after Antonius was crowned. The former confessor to King Huard, Bishop Obadiah, attempted to reclaim his place at court, stating that the King was still not of age and thus he should be regent. The councils of state would have none of this, for Antonius had proved himself more than worthy of the crown, and Obadiah repaired himself to his estates, muttering and complaining that Antonius was ungrateful and unfit to rule. And dark rumors of plots and counterplots soon sprang up about the Bishop, even whispers that he had consorted with demons of the East to summon the Dragon hence to kill King and Queen and Prince alike, so as to leave only the Bishop to rule the land.
“Asked for it?
“What home?” Steve said, ignoring the sudden burn of salt on his cheeks.  His voice was all but unrecognizable, even to himself.  “Like you give a damn.”
Steve lowered the arm he'd instinctively thrown across his eyes.  Tony Stark sat – no,
When the enemy saw their chief defeated, they faltered, then turned as one and fled for the border. The forces of Graymarie pursued, slaying many and forcing the others back to their ships, capturing much spoil of war and treasure seized from other lands. This wealth Antonius declared should go to those orphaned and widowed by the battle, that they not starve, with a portion to the Church as a thank offering. The sorcerous devices and manuscripts Ioannes had in his train he ordered destroyed, that their foulness no long pollute the land, and the enemy dead he declared should be buried in a single grave with proper rites. Only Ioannes the Red Skull was excepted from this, as Antonius had Father Edwin declare him anathema and convey his body to be burned, as he was no Christian and did not deserve better.
The couple looked at each other, then at Steve.  The man’s face softened, and he nodded to his wife, who reached into her purse.  “I was in Desert Storm.  I know what you mean.  Here, I can wait, you take my ticket, I’ll go get a cup of coffee – “
In the name of the Lord, by my hand this 31st day of May.
His shoulder still ached.
“Isn’t that what you call ‘hitting on someone’ these days?  Or is there some other term I haven’t learned yet?”
Stephanos then placed his sword at Antonius’ throat, lifting his chin that he might gaze into the young King’s eyes. “What words are these? What peril? Speak thy name and explain thyself! For this is not the Isle of Conies and thou art not a man I know.”
Steve took what Tony already picked out and Tony bounced off to find more cool things. He felt like a kid in a candy store. He picked out more electronics to build out the pet’s body, and he found some lightweight aluminum bars he could use to build an arm to attach the claw to. He pretended to swing the bar like a bat as Steve tossed him an imaginary softball.
“Too good for my ravioli, too good for the ranch, too good for us…” he hissed.
“Tony's a piece of shit.” Steve mumbled. “I hate him. Ma would have hated him.”
“He’s trying to mess with you. The people from the other districts want nothing more than to drag the Capital down into chaos, because they’re jealous of everything we’ve accomplished while they’ve spent the last 74 years playing in the mud. I’m banning you from the training center and I don’t want you talking to the boy from 12 again, do you hear me?”
“Little?”
He pulled Tony close, burying his head in his shoulder as Tony rubbed his back whispering sympathies. What felt like months of built up tears poured out, until Steve was left shaky and sniffling. Tony held him the whole time, strong and stable, the ray of light leading him out of his tumultuous storm of feelings.
“Ready, Sunshine?” Steve asked.
Tony watched him closely. He didn’t seem hurt; if anything he seemed drunk. Christine plowed ahead as if he had given a reasonable answer to her last question.
Despite his confident words, the repulsor flickered and went out. Tony banged it against the table a few times and it stayed dark. He frowned at it, but decided to let it go and put on the rest of the suit. He stepped up to the raised platform and yellow arms descended to  place and tighten the interlocking metal plates.Tony continued over the sounds of machinery. “Besides, it’s not like I need to bring my A game today. I mean really, it’s just birds. Not even giant, mutated acid spitting birds. I’d ask how hard could it be if I didn’t want to jinx myself.”
Steve closed his eyes and leaned into the touch. “I missed you too.”
“I know, I’m sorry, I don’t have anything to help you.”
Tony glanced around curiously. “A flea market? You teasing me about slumming it or something?”
“Doesn’t matter. Let’s meet the contestants! Bring them out!”
“Let’s be honest, you knew I was going to come anyway. You would have done the same thing.”
“Get this man out of here, he’s disrupting the wedding.” Stane said, gesturing for a pair of beefy men sitting in the back row to move forward and escort him out.
“Neither of us is going to win anyway,” Tony said, matter of fact. Steve scooted closer. “We might.”
“Where were you? Why didn’t you pick up your phone?” he asked accusingly.
Tony looked up from his phone to eye the woman bouncing up and down in front of him. She was late twenties, maybe a few years younger than he was, with long blonde hair and a face like a model. He looked her up and down appreciatively. Despite his annoyance with fans accosting him when he wanted to be left alone to get a coffee, this might be a conversation worth pursuing.
The owner of the house raced out of the room and upstairs, and they could hear him complaining sadly at the state of his walls. The Avengers followed, Tony to commiserate on destroyed houses and Clint to defend himself that it was
Steve grinned. “We try. We really do have to get to work now though, we still have stuff left over to do from yesterday. You should be able to find at least one of us in the barn if you need anything.”
Ol Stane must have been in some mood! Did you punch him? I bet you punched him. I’m so proud.”
“Yes, you’ve told me everything, down to your middle name.”
“We could use regular milk and vinegar. Oh my god, we’re just like the commenters. I've become a Sara.”
“I’ve been worse.”
Tony felt a wave of grief wash over him and he put a comforting hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You shall dethrone Loki in his name.”
“Your fever has gone down.”
“Found him Cap, as well as a possible hostage.” said Tony, his voice now serious. While they didn’t care much about a few knocked over street signs, hostages were serious business.
Warnings for this chapter: There is a fight, no one is seriously hurt.
Tony opened his eyes and pushed himself upright. “You’re not making anything while you’re injured. I’ll make food.”
Thanks for reading!
He handed over the quiver and she drew out all six arrows, and broke the tips off of five. She put them back in the quiver and slid off the side of the cornucopia to the ground, where she stuck them into the ground in one big fistful, hiding the tips in the dirt and making them all stick up the same height. She stepped back and gestured at them. “Gentlemen, draw your straws.”
Tony took heaving breaths, trying to force himself to think.
They both stared at each other wide eyed. Tony started babbling. “Oh man I made you swear, that’s not good, it only took me ten minutes to ruin Captain America, Fury’s going to kill me.”
“No, you’re not.”
Tony frowned at that. “I’m not writing a book.”
“Ok.” Steve choked out.
“Come on, let’s get you out of the wind and we can try to use whatever they’ve given us for your injuries”
“Over a decade of loops, and that’s the first time I’ve heard you say it.” Tony said. Steve took his hand and held on tight, and the men who died a million deaths both died for the second to last time.
“When did this become me cooking while you watch?” Steve said sourly, pouring in more milk.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Focus guys, this isn't working.” Shouted Steve as he threw his shield. “The birds keep coming back. Iron Man, how do we stop these things?”
Tony rubbed at his eyes, feeling himself slowly settle back into his own skin. That had been weird, Steve might not be the only one with a fever.
In a few weeks after the battle, Bucky had healed enough to get his stitches out, and was back to his human self. During his recovery Tony had worked nonstop to build him a new arm. It didn’t have the full function of his flesh and blood arm, but it was getting closer with every iteration. Tony claimed that one day he’d get it stronger and faster than any old meat arm. In a battle between Mother Nature and Tony, Steve was betting on Tony. Bucky had been out back having a rock skipping contest with Clint when they left to come here.
He meant it to come out aggressively; a challenge. Instead he sounded horribly small, less of a question and more of a plea. Stane let go of his face and leaned against his desk, arms crossed.
He was ok, nothing hurt. He opened his eyes. Standing in the doorway was Bucky, the whole of his chest burned away. Bucky slumped to the floor and Steve swiped out a foot, knocking the armor to the floor. He started pounding on it furiously.
“Nu uh, I didn’t get pushed into a lake for nothing. I am part of this pack, and I have every right to tell you that this isn’t discipline, this is bullying. Just because you’re being a huge baby and having a little tantrum doesn’t mean you get to take it out on Clint.”
Tony acted disappointed. “I guess you’re right.”
Steve wondered vaguely at what Tony’s perfect world might look like as he asked the most important question. “How do we get him back?”
Tony asked, coming closer, the eyes of the suit glowing unnatural blue. Steve closed his eyes.
Bucky held onto him until the guards ripped him away and forced him back down to the muddy town square. His family immediately rushed to him, and he held onto them as he looked up at Steve with guilt ridden eyes.
Steve gritted his teeth. “I made a tactical retreat.”
The guards stepped back and Tony went into the office, pulling the door shut behind him. At his desk Stane quickly closed all the files he was working on.
They both looked down the tunnel to the door at the end. There was a thumping, growing louder. Steve leapt to his feet, and pulled Tony up. “Bruce, Thor! We have to go!”
“We didn’t want another repeat of the great chair fiasco.” Clint said dryly, his smile taking away any sting the words might have carried.
The next morning Steve woke up to his alarm clock, worrying about the ranch, just like every other morning since the event he didn't think about. The event he thought to much about. The event that he couldn't forget or let go of because it was too important to just let go of, Clint, don't you even care-- and then his second alarm on his watch went off.
“No, quit being rude. You’ll hurt her feelings.”
I actually came out of Civil War very heavily team Iron Man so it was interesting to try to understand Steve's side.
After hanging up his call with Rhodey, Tony had spent the rest of his night tossing and turning in bed, unable to sleep. Who had faked the video? And why?
“We’re only at the first table!”
“Good job big guy, great, can you tell me what hurts? I can’t tell what’s you and what’s parts of the other guy.”
Rhodey dragged him out of the casino and down the hallways of the hotel until they reached the small door that lead to the stylists, who were all running around in a panic. They gathered around Tony with brushes and powders, dabbing at him furiously with makeup. Tony pushed them off. “I’m fine, I already look fine.”
“I am already attached. We are destined! You would leave me grieving with not even a single memory of affection to hold close in the dead of night?”
He climbed up the cornucopia to sit next to Bruce and Thor, and the metal was wonderfully warm. It must have been heated, there was no way it would have been giving off that much heat naturally. “Are we going to hang out here until they show up?”
“You doing ok? You’re starting to look better.”
“This is baking, not cooking, and certainly not design. You need a recipe if you don’t want them to turn out awful. I’ll look one up. What kind of muffins does she like? Maybe blueberry? Lemon?” He pulled out his phone and stated to search. Tony crossed his arms and leaned against the counter to look over Steve’s shoulder.
“I’m not a cowboy.”
“Hello, Mr. Stern. I’ve come into some money recently, and I’m here to pay off the house.”
“How do I know you’ll keep your word? You seem to have a habit of lying to me.”
Tony stayed quiet as they took an armored train far outside the city, to the large dome that covered the arena. He held the ice until it all melted away and he was left shivering, his hand and face numb. The armed guards brought them inside and down a ramp under the arena. Twelve doors lined the hallway and Tony and Steve were forced inside the last one. Once inside people handed them both identical jumpsuits, and they changed as the peacekeepers watched to make sure they didn’t transfer any weapons. There was no privacy or dignity here.
“I’m not the one who has been playing games, Captain. Tony? What is your name?”
He started gathering up the parts he needed, the robot dog, the engine of an rc car, a computer, and on a whim he took the hand from a mechanical claw game. Soon his arms were overflowing and Steve had to tell him to slow down.
“The floor? My clothes?”
“Who was that?” Tony asked. He had been watching the games his whole life (as was the law) and had never seen a contestant do something like that. This was the biggest moment of these dumb kid’s lives, a huge honor, and he was flipping them off? That kid had balls, damn. Tony hated to admit it, but he was intrigued.
“I’m also a best selling author.”
They reached the door, and Steve handed Tony the check back. “You should be the one to give it to the bank, you’re the one who earned it.”
That shut Steve up quick. Tony hadn’t originally been planning to pay him that much, but the poor guy was clearly on some hard times. Who the hell did not own a fridge?
That was fair. All he had done was draw a picture, that skill wouldn’t be any use in the arena. Ranking him last made sense.
Tony had been three when he got his first nightmare about the games. At the age of two, he hadn’t understood what was going on. The TV had pretty moving colors, and he liked sitting with his family. Everyone was there, Mother and Jarvis and even his Father! Father was never around, this was a rare treat.
“Right. I’ll bring you some eggs.” He said, getting up.
Tony glared at him. “The Avengers, the real ones, not your gang of criminals, got to the scene thirty minutes after the alert. Rhodey and Peter worked to evacuate citizens while Carol, Vision and I took down as many men as we could. There were a lot of them, and I decided to take a closer look at one of the guns. It was pretty heavily based on Chitari tec, and as you know they were all connected to a hive system. Ergo, all of the guns were connected. Excellent for sharing power so that a single weapon never ran out, and could draw from the collective energy pool. Also excellent if you plan to overload every single gun at once by overfeeding one. I tied it into the city’s power grid and let the sparks fly. Then I get a call that you’re down. I fly over and you’re dead. I’ve been working for the past ten years to stop innocents from being killed with my bombs, then I go and blow up you. You!”
“Anthony Stark!”
“What’s the situation?” Steve asked, circling the table Tony was laid out on to examine his face. Despite being a little pale, he appeared unharmed, like he had decided going upstairs was too much work, and had gone to sleep on the table.
Steve leaned forward, bridging the rest of the distance, and kissed him.
“Hello and welcome to the 74th Hunger Games! I’m Christine Everheart, coming to you live! Who’s excited to get started?”
“Oh Tony,” he sighed, not even knowing where to start. Tony continued before he could say more, talking faster and faster.
“So things with Tony could have been worse,” she said as they sat down beside her. Steve glared at her.
Steve sighed into Tony’s shirt. There had been a weird relief in giving up. If he got out of bed, he would have to face his problems. The bank, angry cousins, their unknown enemy. Did he want to get up? No. Was he going to? Yes. He had a duty to the pack. Duty always came first. And now he had Tony, promising to stand beside him every step of the way.
Tony continued. “I said I hated how you go through more mood swings than a 13 year old girl! Help me understand! What am I doing that’s making you run so hot and cold?”
“That’s my scent. You’ll be able to use it to track me when we’re running around tonight. Jan smells like honey and Clint smells like wood and flint. Now focus on how it felt to extend your senses, and keep stretching. That’s shifting feels like to me, like a good relaxing stretch.”
Steve was red and sputtering. “What? I’m attracted to Tony!”
“You are a leader in your own right. These people look to you for strength and healing, and you dispense it with a generous hand.”
Steve put his coat on and shoved his hands in his pockets. They walked outside, where it had started to snow lightly. Steve kept his head down. “She must be a special lady.”
Write a new operating system in a week? Easy. Code an artificial intelligence? Sure. But a book? He had barely made it through high school English, there was no way he was going to write a whole book. He had better things to do.
Carol push a thick stack of documents forward on the table. “I’d like to start by saying that this document isn’t the accords. It isn’t even a version of the accords. All it says is that if there is a extraterrestrial threat, then the rogue Avengers are free to operate in any capacity deemed necessary until the threat is resolved, without threat of prosecution. After that, all bets are off and you’ll have to sign the accords or face jail time. Let’s face it, we don’t have time to talk politics, so this is the fastest way to make sure you all are free to do what needs to be done when the time comes. Will you sign?”
“Why don’t you run through it again, from the top.”
“Sure, Tony.”
Steve shook his head, and despite their clear confusion Jan and Hank followed him back out of the prison without setting him free.
“Why?” Tony asked.
“We all used to have codes.” Steve said slowly.
Getting the security footage of the skill trials took only seconds, and soon enough he was fast forwarding to Steve’s part. Steve stepped up to the glass, and on the other side Tony watched himself be dragged out of the room. He hadn’t realized at the time that Steve had paused painting. He looked worried, and left a white hand print on the glass where he leaned against it. He might have been talking but the footage had no sound. After a couple seconds pause he went back to his work. He used the full length of his arm to draw a circle on the glass, then drew a smaller circle inside of it. At the center he drew a star and stared definitely at the judges, some of which had jumped to their feet. Four peacekeepers entered the room to drag him out, and he didn’t fight. Instead, he kept his eyes locked on to the judges the whole time, and through the cameras Tony could feel the heat of his glare.
he snarled.
“Forget the plan, we fight now!” Rhodey yelled, and broke the shackles that they had spent days filing away. Pepper and the rest of the prisoners followed only a second behind and they all jumped on the guards, their strength in numbers making up for their lack of training. They tore the men away from the Captain, and forced them to the ground. Happy punched Vanko to the ground and Steve untied Tony, holding him up as he slumped.
“I don’t know, I’m wounded. I think you should stay here in case I need help.”
After a few seconds Tony broke away from him and started walking down the hall again. “Chop chop, these mech suits aren’t going to upgrade themselves.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No! It doesn’t have to be this way! You don’t have to pick between me and the fish, because I have a terrible secret I’ve been keeping from you all this time.”
“No!” Steve rushed forward and decked one of the guards, knocking him to the ground. The other guards turned on him, tackling him to the ground. Vanko laughed and swung his whip forward, ripping open the back of Tony’s shirt and painting a line of red down his back. In less than a breath he cut two more stripes, long lines of red dripping down his back.
Thanks for reading!
Tony laid down on the hard ground and closed his eyes. Now what was he supposed to do? Sit in this cave until the other tributes killed each other? Tony wasn’t going to try to kill anyone, and he didn’t intend to die either. Could he even win the games, since he was here as a punishment instead of as a district tribute? Or would they wait until he was the only one left and shoot him where he was standing? That assumed that he would make it to the end, and not be found and snuffed out by a tribute, which is what was looking like his most likely end.
“Quit interrupting me! Or else I’ll-”
The thing was, Tony was horribly sentimental. He worked on his dad’s old car and set a screen saver of it to his computer. They had had one of their biggest fights because Steve had thrown out Tony’s ratty old robe and it had turned out to have been his father's. JARVIS was named after Edwin Jarvis, the family butler. The piano sitting in the lobby was his mother’s, he had the same robot rolling around his lab that he had built when he was seventeen, and he still had the arc reactor plaque that Pepper had made him. He had always took their anniversaries very seriously, planning things a full month in advance because he felt commemorating their relationship was important. Of course, he got the dates wrong because Tony couldn’t keep track of a date to save his life. Steve still appreciated the effort. Getting a look at his room would give Steve a much better idea of where Tony was at. Tony never talked about his feelings, he just bleed them over everything he did, from building gear to keep the team safe to offering them a place to stay to coincidentally finding the exact set of paints that Steve had been wanting but couldn’t justify the expense. It would be a very Tony thing to do, to keep a old shirt of Steve’s in the back of his closet or to take a picture or two that he would keep face down on his desk. Or to have pictures of the team with the rogue Avengers cut out. No one ever said Tony wasn’t dramatic.
“Can we go inside now? I’m bored out of my mind.” Tony complained.
Tony didn’t seem to hear, brushing a hand down the blanket.  “And it’s so stupid, because I never care what people think, I just live my life the way I want to live it. But out here where it’s so cold and quiet, I can’t tell if I don’t care because I don’t care, or if I don’t care because I’m afraid of what they’re going to say, and it’s so much easier to just drown it all out than to try to listen and hear everything I’ve ever feared people might say. I’m so afraid that nobody likes me, and I can’t even blame them because for most of this past year
“Thank the lord.” Steve said, rolling his eyes towards the ceiling because he knew it would annoy him. And it did.
As the week passed Tony got antsy and started venturing out more. A peacekeeper followed him wherever he went, occasionally switching out with another identical guard. They all looked the same with their blank white helmets. It made Tony nervous, even though he had nothing he was hiding. As Tony walked down the street all of the peacekeeper’s heads turned to watch him. It was eerie and even when he was alone in his room Tony found himself looking over his shoulder. For the first time in his life the sight of a peacekeeper stopped making him feel safe. Now that he started noticing them he couldn’t stop, they were everywhere. Had there always been a peacekeeper at the corner of his building? And another at the supermarket? And another at the park? No one else seemed to find it odd.
“Any further attempts to do this will result in swift and immediate retribution. May the odds be ever in your favor.” Hammer signed off, and the sky went dark.
Tony gave him a wild grin, and pushed open the door, motioning for Steve to step inside the lion's den. Inside the office, Stern looked up from his paperwork and put his pen down with a frown. He ignored Tony to say, “Mr. Rogers, if this is about extending your loan deadlines, I’m afraid the answer hasn’t changed.”
“I ran into Bucky in the hall. Since he’s gotten back, all I’ve done is fight with him.”
Tony blacked out for a second and when he woke up his HUD flashed red. Anything not damaged before the start of the fight sure was dented now. He stood up and wobbled a little, the servos in his leg making a grinding sound when he tried to move it. Great.
“The betting really picked up once they went into the snow. They were all going to die of course, but in which order? Guessing was so much fun. Rogers was the obvious choice to die first, thin as a twig and so ready to walk to his death, and he didn’t disappoint.”
“That’s oddly specific. Enjoy your new fridge, if Steve asks, you found it in a dumpster.”
The headlights of a vintage silver sports car flashed and they made their way over to it. They got in, and Steve started it up.
Bucky opened and closed his mouth, his eyes seeking out his family in the crowd. They were huddled together, tears streaming down their faces.
“Hospital?”
Steve climbed on stage and grabbed onto Bucky. “Neither do you. No one from 12 ever wins. You have your mom and sister to look out for. What are they supposed to do if they lose you?”
“Maybe a five out of ten,” he admitted.
“We don’t have the money. We have the house, the cows, and now three bucks.”
Tony grabbed the bars with his good hand. “I can help fight. Please, let me help.”
“Well you can sleep outside with your honor, while I sit inside with a functioning heater and appreciate still having toes!”
“It’s such a shame, because I had plans for you this morning before the group found us.”
Steve glared at the ground. “I wanted to be there with him. I tried to join the army and they wouldn’t take me.”
“Not even close! We needed at least an hour to get you ready!” A woman wailed, while trying to put mascara on him. Behind him a stylist gelled his hair slicked back as he tried to dodge out of the way.
Tony dragged him out of the apartment complex still protesting, and down the street to a little hol in the wall Irish joint. Steve looked at him in confusion.
“Oh, that’s good. Last guy was here to collect a debt that Steve shouldn’t have had to pay, and me and Lucky took care of him.” The man patted a dirty purple bow that was half covered with duct tape. It was unclear if Lucky was the name of the dog or the bow. Tony didn’t want to find out.
“Alright Sunshine, I believe you can too. Let’s do it.”
“Would you be willing to host us at the Avengers compound?”
“Actually you did,” muttered Hawkeye, “It was a nice nap too. I had on my comfy pants and everything. Why’d you call all of us anyway, you can’t handle a few birds?”
“Since Tony wanted to bring every shirt and knick knack he’s ever owned, he can figure it out himself. Get the cases out of the truck, then the two of you can help me out back. We need to make up for not being here all morning before it gets too dark.”
Not-Cap raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Maybe you're doing it wrong then. My version seems to involve a lot more catching villains, saving cute guys and being an all around hero to the people.”
“Pardon me, I believe Liberty has something that needs saying. Tony, may I escort you back to your room?”
Clint leaned against his pitchfork and squinted at his older cousin. “Where are you going with this?”
“I guess I’m trying to say we’ll fix this.”
“It’s not like I want to fight you, you just make everything into a challenge.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony shifted side to side uncomfortably. “Does it matter?”
He screamed and the sound echoed through the clearing. He went back around to the side with the discarded coats and charged into the snow. Within ten steps it was up to his knees, and within twenty it was up to his waist. He waded through it as quickly as he could, his desperate calls whipped away by the wind into nothingness. He was surrounded by white, the trees blending together into identical pillars of black sticking out of the white like gravestones. The deeper he went the more the wind picked up, until he couldn’t see more than a few feet ahead because of all the flurries. He shivered violently, and the tears on his face started to freeze. His foot hit something and he dropped to his knees, digging through the snow desperately. Maybe it was Steve? Bruce? It was a branch. A fucking branch.
…the cleansing of the land was overdue, for the false priest had installed his creatures in parishes across Graymarie. Long did the Abbess, Lady Carola, and the nuns and priests that answered to her, labor to root out the evil that the people might be fit to defend the land without fear of betrayal from within.
Here say the bards:
“Hey, hey, hey!  Hands off the pizza rolls!  Mine!”  Clint’s voice, half-angry, half-laughing, carried down the hall from the kitchen.
Or not.
Came from the East when newly wed,
…Antonius did repair with Stephanos to the cloisters of the Abbess of Our Lady, a lady of high renown and prowess hight Carola Danverius. This lady had herself been a knight before taking the veil after the loss of Queen Maria, and kindly welcome did she make to the Captain after Antonius had conveyed him hence.
…then war did come to Graymarie, led by Ioannes Caput Rufus and his great warrior the Master of Men. Much evil did they bring to the land, and death, and the lamentation of the people was great.
“This I believe,” responded the noble Antonius, for he had seen the prowess of Stephanos in mock combat and knew that none could prevail against such a knight. “Yet even the greatest warrior must take his rest and turn his mind to other things. Do you walk with me, my friend, and learn of the arts of peace, for war is not all we practice in this land.”
“I am no coward, foul creature!” cried Antonius in a great voice. He sallied forth, mounted upon a roan destrier as red as the setting sun, Sir James upon his left, the one called Stellarius on his right. “We shall not yield one inch of ground, nor a single silver penny give in tribute. Graymarie is not yours to take, nor ever shall be! Now get thee gone and do not return!”
Here the bards speak:
“This is actually good.”  Tony took a second bite of his turkey burger, chewed, and swallowed.  The cranberry ketchup had a nice bite to it and the ground turkey was fresh and flavorful.  “Much better than that turkey-flavored fake bacon you brought back from your last grocery run.”
“Dollar store?  Where did you find one of those in Manhattan?”  There was the sound of running water as Steve neared the doorway.  “It used to be the five and dime, as Cap never ceases to - “
Even with that head start, it was still after 2230 when he finished trimming his nails, brushing his teeth, and giving himself a quick shave.  His suit, a navy blue chalk stripe in what they now called “athletic cut” instead of “big and tall,” hung on the door of his closet, along with a plain white shirt and a silk tie in a subdued dark print.  He had other clothing he liked better – he’d never been much for business clothes unless he had a job interview – but his mother would have reared up out of her grave and given him a talking to if he’d so much as joked about wearing anything but a proper suit to church.
from the wheels.  “Is that what you – oh my God.  You poor bastard, I can’t believe – “  Tony groaned and let out a laugh was more exasperation than anything else.
“Welcome to DMO’s Fancy Fixin’s, home of Home Style Cooking Your Mama Never Dreamed Of,” he said in a rough monotone.  “I’ll be taking care of youse today.  Our specials are Firehouse Burgers with Hatch Chili Sauce, Turkey Burgers with Homemade Cranberry Ketchup on Ancient Grain Buns, and Open Faced Cod Sandwich with Creamy Mexicano Sauce.  All burgers come with your choice of regular or sweet potato fries, and our Soup of the Day is – “
So the chroniclers write:
if you don’t understand instead of brooding.  One of us’ll answer, I promise.”
“I would give all that I have and all that I am to save us, but I am untested in war and also my knights. Would that the Captain might return in our hour of need! For if ever we have needed a Knight to avenge our cause, it is now. Grant me the means to combat this Ioannes, that Graymarie might not fail under my guardianship and her folk be brought to utter ruin.” So did he lament, and weep, and pray far into the night, before the resting place of the Captain of Graymarie.
Ellid
So say the learned men:
Chief among those who held thus was Bishop Obadiah of Stane, King Huard's confessor and keeper of the privy purse. “The lad is young, and untried,” he murmured to the King when he should have been reminding Huard of the care of his realm and his immortal soul,or so the rumor said. “Fear not for thy country, though, for I will keep watch upon the land should evil come, and guide thy son from the path of sin to redemption and wise kingship.”
“Communal floor, please.”  Steve waited for the elevator door to open, then stepped inside and leaned against the mirror-bright wall.  He tensed at how cold the metal felt against his back, but it was only a couple of floors.  He’d be fine.  “Thanks.”
It shouldn’t have.  The battle with what Clint called “Mr. Terrorist of the Week” had been over a week ago, right as the team had been leaving the photoshoot at the Time-Life Building for their “Team of the Year” cover story, and the medics had reset the dislocated joint almost before the true pain had set in.  Steve had spent an uncomfortable night with his arm taped into place and given himself two days off from sparring and the weight room, then gone back to his usual routine of exercise, meetings at SHIELD, and catching up on seven decades of history, art, literature, and popular culture.  The serum had worked its magic again, or so the doctors said.
The hall was quiet and dark when he uncoded the lock to his room, slipped into his coat, and stepped out of his quarters.  He pulled on his gloves, checked his watch – 2305, cutting it close but there should still be standing room even if the Cardinal was officiating – and punched the
So say the bards:
Steve flushed as he realized that Tony was giving his body a frankly appreciative up-and-down.  Army life had cured him of whatever self-consciousness being poked and prodded by doctors hadn't, but that didn't mean he had to enjoy being checked out.  “If it's my dream, guess it's up to me to change things.”
Steve swallowed.  “Sorry,” he managed.  “I’ve been out of town for a while.  In the Army.  I didn’t know – “
How long he wandered he wasn’t sure.  Rockefeller Center was a mob scene, even this late, and he gave up on trying to get within spitting distance of the tree about the time Mass would have started up.  He waited an extra five minutes, just to be sure, then worked his way to the street to give the beautiful old building a final look before heading back to the Tower.  Maybe he’d see if Thor was up and could loan him some of that Asgardian mead that actually gave him a buzz.
Not that this had anything to do with battles.
For a few seconds he considered turning around and heading back to the Tower, or at least to the next nearest church; St. Vartan’s wasn’t Catholic but at least it was a church, and that would have to be enough unless he could find some place to hear Mass tomorrow.   It would be jammed in St. Patrick’s, worshipers packed like sardines, and he might not even be able to get up to the Communion rail.  But it wasn’t as if St. Vartan’s wouldn’t be crowded, too.
Closer and closer did Ioannes the Red come to Graymarie, leaving naught but war and despair in his wake. Danzig did fall, and Kolberg, and others also, while still more averted disaster only by giving unto Ioannes and his men great stores of gold and treasure. Antonius, resolute as ever, rode about the country rallying the people and assuring them that Graymarie would never yield to this evil man.
“Tony?  What – “  A cab rattled past, full of merrymakers on their way home from a party.  “What time is it?”
So say the chroniclers:
“Not a bad idea,” said Steve.  Pointing out that Thor was actually from another planet, not really a god, was likely a bad idea.  “I guess it’s lonely out here.”
“I don’t much like them.”  The scarf was still warm from contact with Tony’s flesh, still smelled of his cologne.   Steve took another drink to avoid thinking about how good it felt, and what that might mean.  “I’ll be fine.”
And so claim the bards:
Then the King did rise from his throne, his armor of adamant glittering gold in the ruddy noontime sun, and draw his great sword upon the former Bishop. “Get thee gone, false adviser! Thy words bring nothing but ill to my line and my people. Ships lie in the harbor to take thee and thy men to Rome, there to spend thy days in prayer and solitude.”
Up spoke the abbess of Our Lady of Liberty, Jehane de Fostorius. Wise was she in leechcraft and all the arts of medicine, and high in the councils of the land. "Give the Captain to me, noble knight, for it may be that his service to our land is not yet ended. My nuns and I will bear him hence and do all we can to preserve his life, for my heart tells me that a time will come when we will have need of our Captain once again."
For truly I tell you, there before the King stood the Captain himself, Stephanos, Knight of the Star, alive and well and ripe for battle against the foe!
“ – so effective immediately, your rent is doubled - ”
Samuel, falcon-keen and swift as the same.
For his part, Antonius had long struggled alone to bear the burden of royal rule. Although he loved Sir James and Lady Ginevra and all those of his household well, yet none of them were of equal rank, and none knew the heavy weight of leadership. Stephanos had himself been a king in all but name, and though he now deferred to Antonius, he understood well what the young King faced. Soon Antonius found himself seeking out Stephanos merely for good company, and it was clear to all that the one known as Stellarius returned his feelings in full measure.
“Steve.  Listen to me.”  Tony gave him a tiny shake.  “The Avengers work because of you.  That’s the truth.  I may be the brains and Thor’s the brawn, but without you leading the way, we’re not half as good at anything, including saving the world.”  He paused.
“You’d better be.  Clint’ll whine if he can’t show you that
And so say I:
“All of which sounds great, but ‘artisan’ usually means high prices, at least in my book.”  Steve rubbed the back of his neck.
And so it was that though Arthur fell, and darkness descended upon his former lands, Graymarie alone survived, a shining beacon of light against the darkness of those times. For Stephanos, who would accept neither crown nor any title beyond Captain of the People, fulfilled his oath to Arthur and kept Graymarie safe against all comers. His great shield, once borne by St. George and marked with a shining star to guide the army, was ever in the van when danger threatened, and soon none dared attack Graymarie, so fierce was its champion and so skilled in all the arts of war.
Steve pushed down the urge to send a snotty reply, carefully tapped out
John the Walker next did reign, stout of heart
In the meanwhile Antonius did write letters in his own hand summoning one “Stellarius of Hibernia” to his court to serve as esquire and champion during the preparations for war. This would be the name Stephanos bore, lest Ioannes learn of his return and come with all speed to attack before the Captain had regained his strength of mind and body. Sir James and Lady Ginevra alone did he tell of Stephanos’ return, for he trusted them in all things and could count on their silence.
“Is that…”
“What do you need?” Cap asked, remaining unintimidated. As far as villains went, birds really weren't bad.
Natasha lowered Steve down into the tunnel. It wasn’t very tall, maybe 5 feet, and thick wires and gas lines ran along the wall. It was lit brightly with emergency lighting, and twenty feet down each side there was a door, which was tightly locked shut. Once Steve gave the all clear, the rest of the group came down, Steve giving an extra hand to Tony and Thor. Natasha swung the door of the tree shut and for the moment, they were completely safe. There were no traps, no cameras, and no other tributes. They all heaved a collective sigh of relief.
He gave Steve a shake. “What did your drawing mean? Why was everyone so upset?”
"We're no worse off than yesterday," he tried to remind himself. "We'll figure something out. We have to."
While he worked, he let the games from the previous year play in the background. He paid close attention to the girl from 10 who had been missing from the interviews. She got the worst score in the skill test, and didn’t show up for the final interview. She died the first night in the arena and her death wasn’t shown. The cause was listed as hypothermia, and her name was quickly lost of the long list of casualties for the first day. He wondered if maybe she had been deathly ill from the start, before she even stepped foot in the arena, and that’s why she had volunteered for the games. If she knew she didn’t have much longer to live it would make sense to volunteer and save someone else from dying. That's probably what happened.
Tony was silent. His parents were dead, Rhodey and Obie believed he was a traitor. There was no one waiting for him. At least Steve and the Avengers were out there looking for him. He hadn’t realized how attached he had gotten to them until they were separated. Kind Bruce and capable Natasha and cheerful Thor and he was even missing Clint, as annoying as he was.
“The wedding is a week away, you don’t want to wait?” Tony asked, scandalized.
“Fine!” His fists tightly clenched, he loomed over Tony. Tony wasn't the least bit cowed, his face flushed with rage.
Then Tony rounded the corner, taking it so fast he slid a few steps, before he regained his balance and marched up to the group with so much dignity Steve barely believed he had slipped after watching it himself not a second earlier.
Tony’s hand paused momentarily before returning to rubbing. “I know. That’s what makes this so hard.”
“No dragging necessary. And look, I’m even letting the stylists do whatever they want.”
Clint and Jan looked up from their breakfasts. “So you murdered him in his sleep and you want us to play along so we still get the money? Got it.” Clint gave him an exaggerated wink.
“I want the golden goose to keep laying eggs. There’s been rumblings of discontent in the district, the Capital needs new armaments more than ever.”
Also I have no idea how much rings or watches would be worth at a pawnshop. I got the price of the computer right, but when I tried to look up rings, it was all over the place, and watches were just as bad. I tried my best. If I'm off, please assume the guy was either really generous, or swindling them.
One night at the bar, he had been talking with a drunk girl. Steve liked talking to drunk people, because they never noticed when he stomped all over the social cues he was supposed to be hitting, and if he really messed up and pissed someone off, there was a decent chance they wouldn't remember it the next morning. They also had no filter, so he didn't have to try and guess if their words had some sort of secondary meaning he was missing because he hardly ever left the ranch. They were just honest. Plus sometimes they fell over and it was funny. So he was talking to a drunk girl, and she was going on and on about Bucky, just like every other person he had met since he was eleven and he had thought Margie Kepler was going to ask him out, and instead had asked him to introduce her to his brother. Steve didn't care. Ok, maybe he cared a little. The problem was, something about him was just so fundamentally good, you couldn't hate him no matter what he did. And it wasn't Bucky's fault people liked him better, Steve just wanted to know why. And he wanted one person to like him. Bucky could have the whole town hanging off his arm, and Steve wouldn't care as long as he knew that there was someone, just one person at the bar waiting specifically for him, Steve Rogers. Not Bucky’s kid brother, not Bucky's plus one, not the guy that got invited since he was here the last time and maybe if they invited him, Bucky would be more likely to show up. He explained all of this to the drunk girl, and she nodded her head.
“Maybe they should recount? Or repoll? Or something?” Tony asked, a little in shock.
After he sent the other two off to work, Steve went though the old containers in the back of the barn until he found the paint. Most of it was too dried out or separated to use, and he dumped sawdust in it and threw it in the trash. They ended up only having two usable colors, yellow and orange. He picked the closet color to what they had now. Looked like it was going to be a red and orange barn. The important part was to cover up the wood so it wouldn't warp any further. He went outside with his paint, and gave the door a rough sand. Then he applied the paint in thick, even strokes. He had always enjoyed painting. It was relaxing as long as you weren't doing too big or small of a space, and it left his mind free to wander. His mind went to Bucky and Ma, just like it always did. It was too nice of a day for that, Ma always told him to avoid cloudy thoughts on a sunny day. So instead he thought about Tony. It wasn’t hard. Since meeting him, he took up an annoyingly large amount of his mind. This morning had been nice. Breakfast had been fine, and he was fixing their furnace right now. If you weren't gonna judge a man by his ability to fix large household appliances, what else would you judge him on? They had gotten along much better today, now that they'd both had some time to calm down. Steve wasn't too proud to admit he'd been in a piss poor mood all yesterday, and taken out most of it on Tony. Not that he didn't give it all back with interest, cussing him out before he even learned his name. He wondered what Stane had told him to convince him to come out here. He didn't like the ranch, and they didn't have much else to offer. If Jan went behind his back like she was wont to do, and convinced Tony to stay, he'd ask her. Lots of things would happen if he stayed. They wouldn't have to worry about the bank taking the ranch for another couple months, maybe ever. And if he could fix the heater and truck, he could probably fix the sink and the electric fence too. Plus the stove, and maybe even the window latch. And he would be someone to talk to beside Clint and Jan. They were great, he loved them, just not for twelve hours at a time, seven days a week. Lot of upsides to him staying. It would probably be worth it even if he was a jerk. Which he totally was. Though now in the sunshine, with the painting brush dragging smoothly in his hand, that didn’t seem like as big of an obstacle as it had the previous day. You actually needed to be a bit of an asshole to fit in at the ranch, he admitted to himself.
He swallowed the last bites of his eggs and got up. “Yeah, just let me haul my luggage outside."
When they arrived at the Capital building they went around back and Tony got out.
“Rogers.”
Steve hesitated, before shaking his head. “It doesn’t matter. Many have given up their names and titles. He is a good and loyal man, who has supported me in times of trouble without reservation. I trust him with my life, and I have no time for your games.”
He pulled the coat off the bed and buried his face in it. It was soft, like everything Tony owned, and it smelled like Tony. It reminded him of when Tony would come home after a day of meetings and throw himself at Steve who was drawing on the couch with a dramatic sigh and a long rambling story of what those idiots on the board were up to now, and Steve would rest his head on Tony’s shoulder and breathe in the smell of fabric and cologne and metal. He would rub Tony’s back until he yelled out all of the manic energy he generated from sitting still all day. Once he was done the tension in his shoulders would relax and he would run a hand through Steve’s hair and ask him what he did that day, 'had he done Captain America things, had he made his country proud?'
“ – sicle, Christ, what a - “
“I hate to admit it, but that goes for me, too.  You keep me from going off the rails, even more than Pepper.  So don’t think we’d be better off if you were still defying global warming somewhere near Greenland.  It’s not true, so don’t even start.”
“Steve?”
A train in the next tunnel tumbled past with a metallic
“Heed your guide,” said Atlas, and the city was gone.
yet, no wonder you’re bewildered,” Tony said.  He rolled his eyes and pointed at the sky.  “Sloppy, guys.  Very sloppy.  Next time do
And thus did Antonius and the disguised Stephanos prepare to face the threat from the East, with hearts and hands and the blessings of God upon them both.
“Loki was on Asgard.  Clint was dead.”  Tony’s voice was so flat and neutral it was all but unrecognizable. “Someone had to take the blame, and that was me.”
“This I can see,” said the King, and led him by secret ways to their destination.
“Watch it, dude!” exclaimed a young man wearing nothing but jeans, a t-shirt, and a hooded windbreaker as Steve cut between him and a knot of matronly women striving to snap one of those selfie things to text to their grandchildren.  “Nearly busted my skateboard!”
Which he probably wasn’t, if the way that Steve swirled one of his own golden fries in tomato ketchup and offered it to Tony was any clue.  “Want a taste?”
before he could stop himself, then turned off the phone and shoved it into the pocket of his coat.  A taxi lumbered past, slowly cruising for fares despite the hour.
“Thai food?”  Tony snorted hard enough to make his frond rustle.  “That's pad thai.  'Padawan's' from a movie we clearly need to watch once you've had your important life lesson or whatever this is.”
Steve opened his mouth, then shut it.  It was almost midnight, almost Christmas, and he had no business ruining an innocent tourist’s holiday just because he was a in a bad mood.  “Get it together, Rogers,” he murmured, and hurried to the last corner –
button.
“I don't know about this one, Tony,” said Steve, peering at the menu posted in the restaurant window.  “'DMO's Fancy Fixin's' doesn't sound like a burger joint.”
“Merry Christmas,” Steve managed, and fled back into the crowd.
“Sounds like they’re busy.”  Steve straightened his shoulders as the elevator opened onto the Tower’s pedestrian concourse.  Would any of them even notice he was gone?
“Not yet,” said Atlas.  There was the groan of metal on metal as he took the whole weight of the world on one arm and leaned down to touch Steve’s forehead.  “You have much to learn.”
“The ways of the Almighty are not for us to question, my son. All we know is that the King prayed for one to aid him in defending the realm, and thou wert restored unto us,” said the good lady abbess. “What thy part in the coming war may be is not for me to say, but I feel in my heart that it will be a great one, and for the good of all.”
“That’s all?”  It was so simple, put like that.  Why had he thought it was so hard?
One alone did not join in these worthy efforts. Bishop Obadiah, his once-sweet tongue now bitter and cruel, ventured forth to the capitol with poisoned counsels for the King. “This Red Skull didst smite the sledded Polack on the ice of the North and level the great ports of the Hansa. Opposing him is folly! Better far to treat with him and retain some measure of peace than take up arms and risk all.”
Dark.
“I was the one who boasted a couple of years ago about ‘privatizing world peace,’ then told a Senate committee to kiss my ass.”  The saffron wrap slid off Tony’s hair as he slowly bowed his head.  “Guess you could say I asked for that one.”
“I should have stayed in the ice.  Can’t even get into church on Christmas Eve, what’s the point – “
“- says nothing about pets – “
sound and considered the regular menu, then sighed. “As delicious as this all sounds, you're right.  My doctor did tell me to watch my cholesterol, so I guess it’s Chateau D'Hip for me.”
Antonius, as tender of heart as he was gifted of mind, knew well that his father did not favor him. When he was young he had often taken refuse in the crypt beneath the castle, where lay the Captain of Graymarie in his casket of imperishable crystal, and long did he lament his fate and pray for guidance beside the resting place of his land’s first and best ruler. “Why will my father not praise my works? Why does he scorn me and my lady mother? Alas that I was ever born! Surely God did not intend me to suffer though I be innocent.”
At the end of the day Ioannes rode in a final, desperate charge against Stephanos himself. The great Captain, weary from long toil, had turned to encourage his men and did not see this attacker, and had not Antonius himself fired a dart from one of his machines to surprise the evil one, treachery might have claimed the champion God had preserved so long beneath Our Lady’s home. As it was, Stephanos saw his King’s bolt in flight and moved aside so that the wicked one’s sword but glanced off his great shield and did no harm. Then he cried out in a great voice, “Stand back, my King! This one shall not touch thee!” and struck Ioannes so great a blow as to cleave his body in twain, thus to fall into two pieces upon the battleground and lie unmourned and unshriven.
So it was that Antonius became the tenth King of Graymarie, and young though he was, he proved as able a ruler as any since Stephanos had been the Captain of the land. The wisest were set to work restoring the land that had been scorched by the Dragon of Ten Rings, that the people might not starve from want of a harvest. Soon the country was as prosperous as ever it had been, and to have a suit of armor or a sword forged in Graymarie was the goal of every lord and king and duke in Christendom. "Our King of Iron," the people called Antonius, for his will was great, also his prowess in the hunt and on the tourney field, and under his aegis Graymarie prospered and was at peace.
“Because he was so busy getting all pimped out to meet the great Captain America he didn't leave his quarters until everything was over but the shouting.”  Tony winced as Bruce revived enough to realize he was a captive, started to turn green, then went limp as one of Ross's men deployed a spray injector loaded with enough drugs to knock out an elephant.  “Remember, right after the attack the President pardoned Bruce for whatever the Hulk had done to the city, both then and when he broke Harlem a couple years ago.  Without you being a nice shiny distraction, Ross had all the time he needed to arrest Bruce before I could call Ellis to get the order signed.  Don't even ask what he's planned, because believe me, it ain't pretty.”
Dawn was breaking upon the land and the good nuns had bestirred themselves to attend Prime, when Antonius was roused not by their gentle footsteps but by a great scraping sound from the altar. He came awake with a cry, right hand held out before him against whatever devilry this might, but behold! it was not devilry, but a miracle such as had not been seen in Graymarie since the healing of Lady Constance, Duchess of Ferrara, through the intervention of the Blessed Jehan.
“This I will do, my lord king,” said Stephanos, bowing low. “Not death itself shall prevent me from fulfilling this my oath. Graymarie shall be my home, and her people's welfare my chief concern, until the Lord declares my life be over.”
“The food critic for the
to be under new management, at least the replacement looked promising.  “Grass-fed beef, locally sourced tomatoes, artisan buns, sweet potato fries with stone-ground maple mustard - “
Tony resisted the urge to call him on the “dear” and bowed respectfully before leading the way into the tastefully decorated dining room.  “My humble thanks, Gaston.”  He snapped his fingers at the waiter, who looked like he might have been able to bench press Steve himself if not necessarily his motorcycle.
“Sic ‘em?
He beheld Antonius in his royal robes and golden crown, and took a step down from the altar. “What place is this? Who are thou, to wear a kingly crown?” cried he in the accent of years past. “Arthur is long removed to the Isle of Apples, and foul is the man who would usurp his place!”
“Hell.  You're my guide?”
- on a stone seat about ten feet in front of him.  He wore a long, saffron colored length of fabric wound about his body and draped over his head, and was twiddling a branch of something green and frond-like in one neatly manicured hand.  Steam that smelled like the aftermath of a thunderstorm rose from a fissure in the tracks and gently ruffled his intentionally messy hair.
And yet it might as well as have been lost, for among those who fell were Gaius Cervullulus, Stephanos' most beloved knight and counselor, and Juniper the Younger, commander of the wild men of the north. Many others were lost, or injured; Nicholas Furiosus lost an eye, Margaret the Lady Knight was struck upon the head and scarce knew her own husband and child, and the roll of woe was near as great as the roll of glory.
“My pleasure, Captain.  Is there something in particular you wanted?”
Filling his lungs, his eyes, slowing his heart and crushing his ribs and -
Another gust of steam wafted up from below.  Steve cautiously took a step backwards.  “I never would have guessed that.”
…then darkness fell upon the land, for as greatly as Huard had desired an heir, so all too soon did he find his son wanting and treat him ill. The prince, endowed with all the gifts of mind and body, did sense his father’s animus and lost himself in the pleasures of the flesh and idle sports. The King sent his own confessor, Bishop Obadiah, to remonstrate with the youth and remind him of the fear of God and the risk to his soul of such debauchery, yet his warnings did fall upon deaf ears as the Prince grew to manhood….
Also had he seen how the King loved his people, and how their courage had been restored as they worked together to prepare for war. Antonius might not be Gaius nor Gabriel nor any of his former companions, but he was a worthy and goodhearted man, generous to the poor and pious of heart. It was easy to see why all loved him, and soon Stephanos counted himself among that number.
“What rent?
Not of use.
“Mother Mary.”  Steve   As much as this hurt, he needed to see the rest.  “Don’t tell me.  They sent an advance scout to Washington and took out the Capitol?”
“I learned no such thing, Master of Lies,” said Stephanos then, and behold! he twitched aside his cloak and shook the cover from his shield, and there rode the Knight of the Star! “Arminius was a cruel and evil man who would have destroyed all that is good in this land, and it is right and meet that he met his end at the hands of those who love liberty. By Our Lady, his blood hath no place here, and I join my king in saying, get thee gone!”
Read now the tale of Stephanos, Knight of the Star and Captain of fair Graymarie, and King Antonius, the Knight of Adamant, defender of the realm. This story came to me from the writings of the good chroniclers Brother Iacobus of Kurtzberg and the learned Josephus of Rochester, as well as many others, and I have told it as well as God allows. May the lives of these sweet friends, as close comrades as Amis and Amiloun, inspire all of chivalrous mind and noble heart!
.  The reply was almost immediate:
So they grew closer and closer, the King and the Captain, even as did King David and his sweet friend Jonathan. Like unto brothers they were, dining at the same table and riding out each day to inspect the fortifications. They went together to Mass, and if Stephanos turned in good time to a confessor other than Father Edwin, it was right and meet that each man should have his own priest to shrive him as Our Lord directed.
“Clint?  What does he have to do with this?  I thought it was Nat who deprogrammed him or - “
“QE nothing!”  Steve gestured at dream-Tony and his whiskey.  “You’re the smartest man I know.  Even if I hadn’t been there you still would have found a way to beat those bastards.  This is bull, one person wouldn’t make that much of a difference – “
Antonius received the word of this man’s intent and immediately set his wisest men to studying the best means to counteract this threat. He also read all the tomes of magic and alchemy he could obtain for knowledge he could turn against this blackest of Knights. The whole kingdom was resolved to drive the Caput Rufus back to whatever pit of Hell had spawned him, peasant and poet and noble alike, and the air rang with the clap of the hammer and the buzz of arrows as the people prepared for deadly war.
Steve went rigid in mid-stride.  The Tower, the friendly chaos, the barking dog, all were gone -
After he had returned with proof of his triumph, Antonius let the nuns of Our Lady of Liberty tend his remaining wounds, and also those of his companions. His bloodied armor was cleaned, and he was declared the Knight of Adamant, for its strange metal had protected him well against the Dragon’s fire. Then he went in solemn procession to Our Lady of Liberty, his nobles and dear companions by his side, and with holy oaths did he forswear debauchery and rough companions to pledge himself, body and soul, to the service of his people. He then confessed his sins and was shriven by his own confessor, Father Edwin, before being crowned by the suffragan bishop David the Bruce, for Bishop Obadiah pled illness and kept to his own dwelling.
Steve rubbed at his shoulder.  He'd been planning to head to St. Brigit's, not St. Patrick’s, but even on the subway it would be chilly.  “That’s a good idea, JARVIS.  Thanks.”
“Black coffee for me,” said Steve.  A Caesar salad sounded good, especially since the menu boasted that the dressing was made from responsibly farmed fish and cage-free eggs from organic farms in Dutchess County, but he wanted to leave room for dessert.  “And a large glass of water.”
And so Stephanos settled his great shield upon his arm, summoned his squire and all the men who had followed him from Rome, and rode him off to Graymarie.
“What the hell?  Is this
Huard eventually passed his first youth, and as was Graymarie’s custom, he cast about him for an heir to sit the throne and be guardian and ruler when it pleased God to call him to his rest. Alas! None of the nobles or men of learning proved acceptable to the councils of the realm, nor did any of the knights who served him have the strength of heart and mind to serve.
Thus it was that one night the King did make his way into the crypt of Our Lady of Liberty, where he had been wont to seek refuge from his father's angry words and his mother's bitter tears. All was as it had been, or so it seemed at first: the perpetual lights, the smell of sweet incense from the censors, the side chapels and chantries and frescoes laying out the history of the land and the blessings of God thereupon.
Here Josephus, chronicler of Rochester, gives the roll of the Kings and Queens of Graymarie, from William of Naslund to Antonius the Man of Iron:
“I am King by birth and blood, and by my deeds shall prove myself also worthy in the old way,” he declared, and so noble was his countenance and so determined his words that none dared gainsay him.
“As thou wish it, Sire,” said the lady, and bade the King repair to his own quarters for the nonce. Then she summoned her most trusted nuns, vowed to service, and had them fetch great tomes of history and natural science, also the rolls of the kings and queens, that she might instruct Stephanos in all that had passed him by as he lay beneath her abbey.
“Glory hound,” he muttered, which earned him a short, sharp laugh.
Other hands have told of what befell Arthur at the final battle, and of the sundering of the Round Table and the fall of Camelot. Fair Graymarie alone of Arthur's possessions was spared this doleful fate, and that thanks to the grace of God, who richly blessed the efforts of Stephanos to rally the people and defend them against invasion and war. Isabel de Champagne has written of those early days, when Graymarie seemed lost until the Knight of the Star, his squire and household at his side, did repel those who would despoil the land and enslave the people, and I need not speak more of that time.
Here the chroniclers speak:
Ruled for long years side by side, till came
Last of all he descended into the lowest levels of the crypt where stood a great altar of stone and a casket of imperishable crystal holding the body of the Captain of Graymarie. Long nights had he spent before this sarcophagus, contemplating the cold face and powerful form of the greatest of Graymarie’s rulers. The Shield of the Star, blessed by God and borne by St. George, lay upon his breast, while before the casket was a plaque with the words of Stephanos spoken before King Arthur himself when the great Captain had ridden off to defend Graymarie:
Rhodey shook his head but let him go without arguing further. Tony talked to Pepper and May and Maria, getting a consensus on how the group was doing and where they were on the escape plan. Things were running well, and after a quick game of pennies with Nebula and a check in with young Peter about his cough, Tony returned to his bed. Steve handed him a roll and a bowl of thin soup.
Steve brushed it off. “I didn’t do much, and you’d do the same for me. Now that you’re feeling better we should get moving again. We need to find the others, and we also need to find water.”
“Hush, I’m not done. Somehow I got from dreading this day to looking forward to it, from hating you to loving you, and we’re here now, and I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy. I invited three people to a wedding of three hundred guests, because they were all I had left. For a long time, things were terrible. There was responsibility, there was work, and there was debt, and there wasn’t much else. Then there was you, telling me to man up and fix it. You helped me through my lowest, and make me the best version of myself. My wonderful Tony, my light at the end of the tunnel, my sunbeam through the clouds, my beloved Sunshine. You are the light of my life, and I am so happy to be here, and I am so honored that you’ve chosen me back. I promise to love and cherish you, in sickness and in health, for as long as we both shall live.”
“I seem to be trapped in a game of musical chairs today,” Tony sighed, sitting in his customary spot next to Steve. Tony picked up a menu, while the rest of the team looked at Sam who frowned and shrugged. Everyone ordered food, Steve, Brian and Thor getting multiple plates of food to make up for their increased metabolisms. The food came out quickly, since no one wanted to offend the heroes of New York in case it was their restaurant in danger the next time a villain came calling. Besides that, Tony had a reputation of leaving exorbitant tips.
“Were not at your mansion anymore Stark, no one is going to wait on you hand and foot. Here, You don't work, you don't eat.”
Steve and Co are back in the US, Steve is sad. :(
Steve kept his hand on his arm, holding him there. “What’s going on?”
“You know what, I think I’m going to write a thank you note to SHIELD, these hard hitting questions have really helped me understand you on a deeper level, and really connect with you as a person.” Tony said, his face dead serious and his eyes dancing with mirth.
“You don’t have the parts.” Clint said suspiciously, his hand still in his back pocket.
Steve stuffed the rag into Tony’s mouth and started to unwrap the bandages. Tony’s back arched off the ground in pain, and he dug his fingers into the hard dirt. He howled and the rag muffled it, barely.
Steve glared back defiantly, but Tony bowed his head in shame. Loki addressed Steve first, pacing in front of them like a cat before a mouse. “I had to say I thought I would never see you again, Captain. I thought you had fled to the mountains like the coward you are.”
Steve shook his head. “Can’t, no fridge. But I’d like to give them to Clint.”
“They could all refuse,” Howard insisted belligerently. Maria narrowed her eyes.
So, option one: text her and cancel. He didn’t want to do that, she was hot as hell and had legs for days.
They hung out on top of the cornucopia chatting for the rest of the day, Steve passing out the rest of the jerky they had in the backpack, and Thor sharing some berries he had found. The sky dimmed into night, and no one else showed up in the clearing. Loud music belted out from above, and two cannon blasts rang out while Raza’s and Ivan’s pictures flashed across the top of the dome. Hammer appeared on the screen. “There are now six tributes remaining in the Hunger Games. There can only be one winner, and no one will be leaving the arena until everyone else is dead. May the odds be ever in your favor.”
“Try calling him before you freak out,” suggested Natasha.
Steve stepped out of the elevator, and scanned the empty roof. Tony wasn’t here either. Now he was even more worried, because if Tony wasn’t on the roof there weren't many other spots he could be. He checked the gym, even though it was way too early for Tony to even be up, let alone working out. It was unsurprisingly empty. So was the adjacent training room, and the living room, and all of the offices below, since it was Saturday. Tony didn’t have meetings on Saturdays, and never had meetings before ten if he could help it. Steve was starting to get frantic. He rushed back to the kitchen and burst in through the door.
Clint turned and looked at him with exaggerated surprise written all over his face. “Wait! Oh no! If the truck won’t start, we won’t be able to take Tony back!”
So Tony made his plans, to sabotage Loki’s machines, to fight in the coming battle, and then to grab a few things and set off on his own. Maybe he would go down to the sea, and board a ship. Or he could go south, where fields stretched lush and green. Where he went didn’t matter, as long as he was gone before Steve had a chance to notice. They would assume that he died in the battle, and mourn him, never having learned the truth. Tony was sure that they would move on and forget him soon enough, and Steve could find someone better.
Tony didn’t respond. She wasn’t special, that was the problem. She was a hot fan, a pleasant distraction from his week of meetings. At the end of the week he was coming to go back to California, and never see her again. He didn’t know anything about her besides her first name and her number. Steve was the one who was special. Steve was the one who made him laugh and made him feel more carefree than he had for years. Steve was the one who was showing him the hidden wonders of the city, and letting him try things he had always wanted to do and been denied as a kid. Steve was the one he wanted to go home with tonight. Fuck.
