“Well, I… I’d really like to meet him,” John croaked out, and Dean was actually taken aback by the truly pleading look that took over his father’s eyes then, like he was actually afraid that Dean might not allow him to meet his grandson.
the contact, the way the feather had shifted, moved by the touch of his fingers.
He couldn’t stay here. He had to get away from her, from this hospital—from
“I do not understand what you’re implying.”
“You really don’t get it, do you?” the witch asked. “There’s no walking out from this, no being free or getting your pathetic little life back. The moment you were chosen—every single one of you—you were
“How does that even work, Cas?” Dean finally asked, “I mean, what… what does that even do?”
“And I mean, I know we’re not all blood-related, but they’re all family.” The ghost of a smile touched his lips. “An old drunk once told me that, ‘Family don’t end in blood,’ and honestly, he couldn’t be more right.”
I have no idea why I find nesting!Cas so adorable, but I do. :P  Also, anyone excited for Cas' wings? ;D
Once again, Dean was pretty much stunned by Cas’ words, but for an entirely different reason this time.
Cas seemed pleased to hear that, nodding lightly in response before leaning in to kiss Dean lightly on the lips, almost reassuringly, as if silently trying to convince the hunter that he was fine enough for this. Dean let himself melt into the kiss, but it remained completely tame until the angel pulled away moments later, letting out a breath he let himself lie back down against Dean, pulling the hunter even closer, covering the human in warmth yet again. Dean felt the seraph kissing his jaw, nipping lightly at the skin and he just sighed, burying himself closer to Cas’ body, letting the heat engulf him. He felt lethargic, his muscles tired, although his mind was still oddly alert.
Dean frowned. "Why not? I mean, shouldn't it be easier? Because, you know, you have your own Grace and all, while I'm borrowing yours for adjustments and stuff." It just seemed more logic in Dean's head, that a pregnancy in a male body should be easier for an angel than for a human.
The question sounded innocent, but immediately Dean knew that it was anything but. He frowned at the witch, narrowing his eyes, but he couldn't really read anything from her expression, couldn't figure out where exactly she wanted to get with that question.
and he also had no idea what the hell he was going to do if it went badly.
A weird look passed over Sam’s eyes then—a pensive, contemplative look that had Dean shifting his weight on his feet, suddenly feeling uncomfortable. He wasn’t sure what exactly was going through Sam’s head in the moment, but he definitely didn’t like being on the receiving end of that look. It made him feel like he was stuck under a freaking microscope or something.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean replied, nodding again, his voice coming out a little hoarse. Somehow, he managed to pull away from Cas, folding his wing against his back as he slowly got up to his feet, then watching as the angel did the same.
And that finally did it. Ben still hesitated, still mulled over Haley’s words for a while, considering his options as his eyes bounced back and forth between his sister’s determined face and Dean’s unnatural golden eyes, countless emotions flashing on his face.
Oh, Sam, you have no idea...
wanted to die.
“And after that?” he asked, because he was certain that someone had sneaked up behind him and grabbed his head just before he lost consciousness.
“It’s not like I have much of a choice,” Sam breathed out, letting his shoulders sag in defeat just a little, feeling the tiredness settling into his muscles and making his body ache, “It’s Dean, Charlie, my
So in the end, Dean nodded, agreeing to the psychic's terms. "Deal," he said.
“I just don’t wanna go,” Dean replied. “Honestly, I… I think I want a break—from hunting, I mean. I don’t really want to just... jump back into it right now.”
Dean laughed lightly at the scene.
And while Cas' answer definitely didn’t make him feel any better, Dean appreciated the sincere response, nodding tightly and clenching his jaw a couple times as he glanced down at his half-empty bottle of whiskey, fingers tightening around it one more time.
“No, I turned that off a long time ago.” He ran his hand through his hair, letting out a frustrated breath. Sam didn't think he'd ever seen him this annoyed before. “Well, this just made everything much more complicated. And I’m also assuming your little Batcave is not safe anymore, either, if you’re hiding away here in the middle of Canada instead of holing up there.”
“Yeah, I don’t think so.”
And Dean really didn’t want to deal with any of that tonight. He’d invited Sam to have dinner with him to distract himself, to try and get himself to not worry so much about all his issues, to simply enjoy the company of his brother for a little while, because Dean felt like he didn't get to spend enough time with the overgrown moose anymore.
So of course an invitation to go out and eat dinner at Benny’s Cajun restaurant had caught Sam completely by surprise. Dean couldn’t even remember the last time he’d invited Sam to go anywhere with him without Ben being involved, so obviously his brother had been able to tell something was wrong right away. Honestly, Dean hadn’t truly thought this idea all the way through until the words were out of his mouth, or else he might have backed out of it as soon as he realized that Sam might ask way too many questions, most of which Dean couldn't answer.
Hannah’s eyes were heavy as she fixated them Cas, as though carefully weighing his words in her mind, twisting each one of them around, picking them apart one by one and looking for any sort of flaw, until finally she tore her gaze away, moving it to rest on Dean instead, who did everything in his power not to shift or look even the slightest bit uncomfortable under her intense, inquiring stare.
Castiel shook his head slowly. "Balthazar and Benjamin both think I'm just wasting my time by going after her. They say they're okay with who they are now, and that they don't really want revenge for what she did to them. Crowley wasn't even turned by Meg, so he never really wanted to go after her to begin with. He doesn't really have a reason to, and I get that. And Rowena... she helps me track down Meg, but that's basically it. Even if she does want to figure this whole thing out, to find out who's behind all this and put an end to it, she doesn't like to get too close to the line of fire. So she just leaves that part to me."
“A very unique, very special family recipe—well, kind of.” Meg tilted her head a bit, still looking very much amused. “Now
"Take what?" Sam asked, eyes examining the concealed canvas with clear curiosity, his brows furrowed in confusion. "Is that a
Well, he supposed it
“Now I am,” Dean answered truthfully, happy (and confused, honestly) to notice that the nausea had gone away as fast as it had appeared. He was getting tired of this, really, but he couldn’t think of a way to stop it, because he had no idea what was bringing this on. He was never the one to get sick easily, he couldn’t even remember the last time he’d caught as much as a cold, much less gotten sick enough to puke like this. This wasn’t normal at all, and he really had no idea if the Mark was really the one doing it or not. But this wasn’t the time to think about it. They had much more important matters to be dealing with right now, like the freaking unidentified creature they were trying to hunt in this town, who had apparently been watching them and had left them a freaking message. “So, he knows we’re after him, apparently.”
As it turned out, the case really was just an average vampire case, and not a hybrid one like Dean had hoped. He was a bit disappointed about that, of course, and he could tell Cas was too, but they still worked the case, still went through the motions, talking to the police and the witnesses, figuring out who the monsters were and where they were hiding, and finally, going into the nest to take care of the problem, machetes swinging at every vampire that came running at them.
“Yeah, me too,” Sam nodded lightly, “But apparently there’s more.” Even Sam could hear the bitterness in his own voice as he said it, but he was pretty sure he was entitled.
not what was happening here. Seriously, it wasn't. Really.
okay, his voice sounded kinda terrible—raspy and croaky, like he hadn’t drunk water in days. Come to think of it, he couldn’t really remember the last time he’d had a glass of water. Maybe last night? “And you two are… doing what, exactly?” He frowned at their laptops, feeling a little wary, because the black windows and numerous lines of green text that he could see displayed on Sam’s screen were all awfully familiar to him.
Too bad he had no fucking idea how to do that.
He wanted a life like this. He’d been willing to drop everything and settle down with Cassie, but she’d convinced him otherwise, in the end. And a few years later, he’d actually tried living a normal, average life with Lisa and Ben—he’d stayed with them for an entire freaking
Dean turned his laptop around so that Cas could see the news article displayed on the screen. “Three bodies completely drained of blood. All of them were found in the woods, and there are two people still missing. Probably just an average vampire case, if you ask me, but I still think it’s worth checking out.”
And there was that word again.
and not anyone else.
Dean swallowed, his throat feeling drier all of a sudden. He knew that was exactly what he had been telling Cas for years now, that Heaven didn’t care about him, didn’t consider him to be family, that they had only hurt him and used him. And while it was a relief to hear that Cas had finally understood that, it also felt bitter to see the way Cas’ eyes grew heavier as he talked, grieving even, to see how much it hurt Cas to actually see the truth.
The expression on the angel’s face reminded Sam of the night after Ohio, when Cas had been holding Dean on the bed back at the Bunker, trying to get into his brother's head for the first time after the whole thing with Cain and quickly realizing that he could not make Dean wake up, and the similarity between both scenes made Sam’s chest hurt, even if he wasn’t sure exactly what had caused it right now; what was paining the angel so much to bring that truly devastating look back into his features.
, actually. How could he...? Why hadn't he...?
Also, even if he wanted to open up about what happened today, Dean couldn’t tell Jacques about Gabriel
Dean wanted to protest, of course. The words even formed in his mouth, lips shaping themselves around the first syllable, but his voice got caught in his throat, not quite making it out as the older Winchester took in the almost pleading twin looks that took over the pair’s eyes.
Dean shifted his weight awkwardly as he stared at the open sign hanging from the inside of the glass door right in front of him, glad that he’d at least made it here in time. Business had been pretty slow at the garage today, so when he’d asked Bobby to leave a little earlier, the old man had given him nothing more than a low grunt of acknowledgement and a wave of his hand in response, mumbling for him to just go ahead and get lost, and Dean hadn’t wasted a single second to leave after that, fearing that Bobby might change his mind if he lingered around for much longer.
“Cas sent you? Why?” How could Cas know Dean was having another attack? And how did Cas even know where Dean was in the first place? Last time Sam had checked, Dean and Cas hadn’t really been talking to each other. Or at least Cas hadn’t been answering his phone. Sam still didn’t know what was up with that, all he knew was that there was something wrong there. He just had no clue what that could be. At least now he knew that Cas was alive, so that was something.
Note: The real Pontiac General Hospital is actually located in Pontiac, Michigan, and not Pontiac, Illinois, but in this universe, there's a hospital with the same name in Illinois.
Rowena smiled, apparently feeling proud of herself. “Precisely. But again, you heal
“You know,” His voice sounded terrible, like he had tried to gargle with rocks and rubbed sand paper against the inside of his throat just for good measure, “Of all the crazy things I’ve had to deal with in my life, I never thought morning sickness would ever be one of them.”
Shaking his head a little and deciding not to comment on that, Sam concluded that he had had enough sleep for the night and that he should get back to research after a mug or two of strong, black coffee. He had some urgent matters to research on, and they just couldn’t wait. His brother’s life and so many more were at stake here and time was their biggest enemy right now.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I got that, smartass,” he retorted, scoffing. “I mean, what are these weird... letter things on the side?”
Detailed Warning
Cindy paused at those words, apparently thinking his question through in her head. She bit her lower lip as she thought, like considering her next words with unusual care, which instantly told Dean she knew something.
Sam shook his head, still not looking at him. “No.”
it, but he knew that was his only option if he really didn’t want to hurt someone again.
It took a while for Dean to actually be able to do anything. He was frozen for what must have been minutes, unable to find his voice or even make his brain function properly so that he could speak again, but finally it actually sunk in that he should be having a reaction to this, that he should be doing
buried in her freaking
“No, yeah, I know that too,” he replied, nodding. “Really, I do. This isn’t the first time we lost Cas. I know he’s not gonna just… magically get better, somehow, if we just wait long enough. That only ever happened when we got Cas back. And I
Cas’ expression was heavy as he watched Dean, his gaze almost sorrowful, filled with so many different emotions Dean had no idea how to even begin to read them. It was like there was a shadow over the angel’s face, his features darkened and filled with so much worry it was almost unsettling. He looked completely worn out, just so obviously
When his eyes finally adjusted to the lack of light about a minute later, Dean was able to notice that the room around him was small and stuffy, countless random items scattered all over the floor and piled up against the walls—from old, rotting furniture to torn dirty clothes, all of it covered in a thick layer of dust, which had probably taken several years to form. It seemed to be some sort of storage room, probably a basement, but regardless of what it truly was, that room was clearly a place with the purpose of housing all the useless junk someone obviously didn’t want anymore.
Dean huffed. “You think I didn’t get that? You think I didn’t hear all the times he said he doesn’t know if this’ll even
someone. And we don’t want that.”
A hint of annoyance and protectiveness over Cas
over it for what felt like forever, until it finally came back to him—abruptly, without any kind of warning. All of a sudden, that memory was just
mouth was wrapping itself around Dean’s cock just as two fingers slid back into him, and
Sam smiled at the response, but soon enough he was frowning again, “But why did Cas just drop off the face of the Earth, then? You said he’d left because of some angel business, but I’m assuming that’s not exactly what happened.”
was Cas doing? Did he understand what he was doing to Dean? They were so
It was a beautiful place. Calm and eerie, the quiet so intense it seemed almost too loud. And yet there was also a loaded energy clearly hanging in the air, like an electric current that kept brushing over Castiel's skin as he walked. It felt odd and unsettling, and at the same time calming, soothing, almost peaceful, inviting.
“But I stand by what I said, Cas. You’ve made mistakes, some real bad, but you always wanted to do the right thing, and that’s what matters. You’re actually… good; you actually
He opened a bottle of whiskey that night. Since it was Monday, he wouldn’t have Ben for a few days since Dean only had him on the weekends, and if he didn’t have a kid to look after right now, then he didn’t really care if he drank himself stupid and passed out on his couch. No one would be there to see it or give him shit about it, so what the hell, right? He was a grown-ass man and could do whatever he wanted.
“Is there…” Sam swallowed, and Dean tore his eyes away from Cas to look back at the pair, finding both his brother and Charlie looking incredibly uncomfortable, like they didn’t quite know what to do with themselves. “Do you need anything else? I mean, we can…” He didn’t seem quite sure how to finish that, so instead Sam just let his voice linger in the air.
far up your own ass for just a few hours and come along? Might do you some good, you know, having a little fun once in a while. Maybe you wouldn’t constantly look like someone peed on your Lucky Charms if you did it more often—or, well,
: Dean is turned into a vampire-werewolf hybrid in this first chapter, and he begs his father to kill him. John hesitates, but ends up shooting Dean with a silver bullet,
Dean felt a stab of guilt in his chest, as he was very much aware that he'd been the reason why Cas' feathers had fallen not once, but twice. Instead of commenting on that, though, he asked instead, "Did they all really fall? Like, did your wings actually get... featherless for a while?"
, really, to see Sam so genuinely happy, for
Juliet was the easiest way for everyone to track him, so it would be pretty stupid of him to leave her behind.
At that thought, Dean finally stepped off of the wendigo’s body, deciding he could just deal with it later. He moved slowly—not because of his wounds, because those had already healed by that point, but for both Ben’s and Haley’s sakes. He could feel Ben’s eyes following him as he crossed the room, but Dean kept his gaze focused on Haley as he walked, maintaining eye contact as he cautiously approached her and her unconscious brother.
Sam looked pretty confused, and a little unsure, too, but he still nodded in response. “Yeah, sure, Cas.”
Castiel swallowed drily at the mention of all the people he’d killed in the last few weeks, but he did his best to push all those painful memories away for now. This wasn't the time to be thinking about that.
Cas’ hand flew up to rest on the hunter’s shoulder, stilling him in place. His blue eyes were wide, urgent, but not sad. That had to mean something, right?
“And still you’re doing nothing to fix it,” Dean bit out, watching as Crowley rolled his eyes and looked away from him with an annoyed huff, but the hunter didn't let that stop him. “Why? Obviously you’re not happy with this, but still you’re here, just waiting for everything to go to hell without doing anything to help. I’m not going anywhere. I’m not that stupid. I know I can’t go out there. So if you can’t even—”
Well, at least Dean was relieved to find out that Gabriel
“I’m not you, and the rice might be a little burnt, but I can make a damn good omelet, I assure you.” Charlie smiled at him as she perched herself on the edge of the bed, the one on the side he was lying on so she was sitting right beside him. “It was one of my usual choices whenever I had to make my own food.”
Dean supposed that was his own damn fault, though. He knew his brother, knew how curious and nosy he could get, not to mention how infuriatingly stubborn he could be sometimes—courtesy of their Dad, most likely. And of course, by being so closed off about it, by so vehemently
so, really, enough to make Dean uncomfortable and tense. That silence felt too… weird, too heavy, but Dean felt like he really shouldn’t break it, as much as he wanted to. Once again, Dean chose not to push Cas, because the angel was certainly not in a good place right now, and the hunter knew what that felt like all too well, knew that talking about this whole mess wouldn’t suddenly make it better. He’d tried it earlier, but that hadn’t worked at all, hadn’t done
“It won’t always be like this, Dean,” the seraph assured him, his voice low yet oddly confident, though there was a small hint of plea in it, too. It was almost like Cas was afraid that Dean wouldn't believe him. “Although I do believe that soreness may linger for a few more days.”
all those things in the first place. It was actually freaking him out a little, because how could he be peeking into the angel’s mind like that? Maybe Cas was projecting or something, and he had been close enough to pick up the signal? Did that even make sense? And why would he pick up the signal, anyway? Could a human even do that? And if that was the case, why had Dean been able to see all those other images in his head all the way back in the Bunker, as well as in his motel room in Colorado? How had
But as it turned out, Cas had been right. He’d been right all along.
Ouch. Well, that fucking hurt.
Mary laughed, shaking her head. “Oh, I’m still an absolute disaster in the kitchen. That hasn’t changed. Nearly everything on this table was bought, except for Jess' garlic bread and, of course, the lasagna. Dean made that one, actually.”
“Still don’t believe me?” Meg asked, “Well, don’t worry—you will soon enough. Because when we get out of here, Clarence, I’ll make sure to show you exactly how
But the angel didn't budge, clearly hesitating to move any closer to Dean. He looked pretty uncertain, like he feared he might hurt Dean just by shifting on the bed the wrong way. “I’m not sure that’s wise, Dean.”
"Cas..." That was it. That was all his brain gave him to work with; the only word his lips managed to form in that moment. It came out barely even audible, too, weak and practically breathed out, slipping out of his mouth as nothing more than a feeble, trembling whisper.
It was a very powerful witch, then.
This had been a doomed idea from the start. This whole plan had been bound to end terribly, and Sam had known that, but why had he allowed it to happen, then? He should have stopped Dean, he shouldn’t have let him do this. He should—
“You already agreed to it? Did you not
“But, Dr. Johnson, shouldn’t I be the one to—”
"How you can..." Dean paused, swallowing drily, trying to organize his thoughts. He licked his lips, then forced them to form the words he wished to say, as difficult as that turned out to be in that moment. "You said you fell for me—not just the... the 'angel Falling from Heaven' way, but the... the
Dean didn’t have a response for that.
Cain’s eyes moved to Cas then, pausing there for a moment before the Knight fixated his gaze back on Dean. “And then there was Colette.” Something very close to bitterness mingled into Cain’s words then, but it was so subtle it was nothing more than just a hint, and Dean wasn’t sure if the Knight was hiding it very well or if the emotion was just too weak to actually make itself known more strongly. “Even when she tried everything, when she believed it possible for me to redeem myself after I was already completely lost, even when she was the only who believed that I was worth saving, I still killed her, still drove that very Blade into her chest and watched the life fade from her eyes. Just like you will kill Castiel, and
Cas' smile became more obvious, wider, actually showing teeth. The angel's eyes were practically sparkling at that point. "Because the baby does have wings. I saw it."
“I can’t believe you’ve never seen
It took a moment for the meaning behind them to truly register in Dean’s mind, but when that finally happened, Dean blinked up at his brother, stunned, his eyebrows raised, eyes a little wider.
Rowena exchanged a brief yet meaningful look with Crowley. It was like a silent conversation was taking place between them, though Castiel had no idea how to read that wordless exchange.
They’d freaking earned it.
the point where his head should start hurting.
to continue blowing Cas, to have the angel come in his mouth, just like this, but there was something else the hunter wanted to try, something he would love even more than that, and it was that thought that had made him pause.
, so obvious and insistent that it was almost like it was threatening to swallow him whole, and it
“You know,” Dean whispered, hearing his own voice drop, turning into a low purr. He let his mouth drag over Cas’ skin as he spoke, “I also think Sam and Charlie are gonna be gone a while.”
Dean smiled, in spite of everything. He had really missed Sam. Of course, he had also spent the last few hours agonizing about what he would say to Sam the next time he spoke to him, so that feeling was quickly beginning to make itself known again.
Sam shook his head. “I don’t know. I can’t tell what happened, but it really shook Dean, whatever it was.”
exactly Amelia had wished to see them. Also, Claire would probably be back soon, anyway, and Dean definitely didn’t want to be here when the girl walked through that door again.
“What is it? Are you in pain?”
This was bad. This was
Sam had no choice but to follow her.
A familiar yet very-much-unexpected sound suddenly reached the hunter’s ears—the one of big, heavy wings flapping through the air, announcing the arrival of an angel, which was both confusing and worrying, for several different reasons.
“Can the baby hear us?” Sam asked.
Dean could practically
The Universe really did hate them.
showed up and found him like this, he realized that Michael hadn’t yet moved from his spot by the door, and that the concerned look he’d been wearing earlier hadn’t yet faded from his face.
someone. Sure, Tom had kidnapped him—he'd outright threatened to
Maybe he should just go for it, before he could change his mind about it and chicken out, before he could overthink everything and decide that he didn't want to do this anymore—that he
Dean nodded lightly in response, choosing once more not to dwell on something he could do nothing about at the moment. “Well,” he sighed, “I think I’ll go take a shower now.”
Okay, I can explain. I was watching "Love, Simon" the other day, and the next thing I knew, I was writing a whole Destiel AU based on it, and I just couldn't stop. I already have the whole thing planned out, and about half of it written. It's a pretty short story, just around 100k words, which is kind of a miracle. XD
Dean turned back around, giving himself a once-over in the mirror. His hair was a little messy from when he’d run his hand through it at some point, spiky and a little damp, standing up oddly in a few places. His face was still a little wet, but at least it didn’t look like he’d been crying—his forehead and nose were also glistening slightly from when he’d splashed some water on his face earlier, and his eyes weren’t red at all, so at least Michael probably wouldn’t think that he’d been hiding in here bawling or something.
books while Dean opened the small envelope and reached inside to grab whatever Gavreel may have left in it.
Castiel nodded, the look in his eyes growing harder. All of a sudden, their deep blue color seemed even darker than normal, if that even made any sense. "Obviously neither of those cures would work for us, but... Rowena tried to create a cure for this curse—
“I’ll get us a room,” Dean announced as he turned off the Impala’s engine. He looked over at Cas, hesitating a little as he glanced at the angel, a question hanging at the tip of his tongue that he couldn’t quite voice.
"Why?" Cas' voice was just a low rumble against his skin, almost sounding like an actual fucking growl, and Dean shuddered again because of it.
the source of that heavenly smell, the thing he’d been searching for, what his body had been
Gabriel looked like he wanted to argue, and while Castiel knew exactly what he would say—that it was still too early for them to know that for sure—the seraph was glad that the archangel said nothing instead.
That weight over his heart accompanied Castiel all the way back to his and Dean’s room, and it seemed to grow even heavier once he found himself staring down at Dean’s sleeping form on the bed, wrapped up in the comforter, his wings folded behind back and visible through the covers, low, soft snores echoing from the human's throat every few seconds, in time with his calm, even breathing.
Dean paused, swallowing drily at the direct, straightforward question. He’d imagined that Father Jones might want to know that, of course—he definitely had a right to, really, considering what exactly Dean was about to ask of him—but the hunter still found himself hesitating for a brief moment, debating with himself, trying to figure out the best way to do this.
However, even as countless more spears cut the air around him, Castiel did not lose focus on the mission. He kept flying forward, eyes focused right ahead, wings flapping rhythmically by his sides, though now they moved a little faster than they had before, beating a little more strongly as Castiel tried to gain more speed and hopefully evade the weapons that continuously flew up toward them. One particular spear barely missed his chest, but fortunately he moved just in time to avoid actually getting hit by it.
Dean huffed, shaking his head as he lifted his beer up to his lips again, swallowing yet another mouthful of his drink. “Yeah, they’re
He was—
The man didn't seem willing to speak again anytime soon, apparently refusing to respond to Charlie's comment, his glare growing so intense it was almost impressive at this point, so Dean decided to push him a little more.
“Dean-o,” Gabriel called as he rounded the table, stretching his hand out, palm open and waiting, “The feather.”
Dean cocked his head to the side, giving Cas a pointed look.
Jess gave Sam what he could only describe as a disapproving look, a question clear in her eyes.
“And?” Sam shook his head at the redhead. This didn’t sound like a case, and even if it did turn out to be a hunt, he still wouldn’t want to go. He had so much to deal with right now; he couldn’t even imagine himself working a job. “It doesn’t even sound like our kind of thing.”
So instead of commenting on that particular matter, the hunter chose to focus his attention on something else in that moment—precisely, on the questions that were currently piling up inside his head, because he still didn't understand why exactly Cas had shared that memory with him now.
went over to Jody’s tomorrow morning with Charlie? And then you and Cas can stop by later, just for lunch? Because that way we get Charlie’s introduction out of the way, so we don’t have to deal with that when Jody meets Cas, and we can answer some of the questions she has without you two there. I mean, sure, you and Cas are still gonna have to deal with a lot of those, but… if I can make things just a tiny bit less awkward and tense for you two, if I can get some things out of the way for you so you don’t have to deal with it, then I’ll do it. And I’m sure Charlie will agree to it.”
“You talked to Mom, didn’t you?” It was the only thing that made sense. Their mother had visited him last week, so of course that had to be it. She was the only one who knew what was happening right now; the only one Dean had said anything to at all about Lisa’s engagement.
It hurt.
“And what happened there, exactly? You were gone for four days. Did they do anything to you before you escaped, or did they just keep you there?” She paused, like she’d just realized something, and a small frown appeared in her brows. “That’s what happened, right? You escaped?”
Dean closed his eyes as soon as those words were out in the open, because they truly were the last thing he wanted to hear right now. He sighed again, feeling his entire body sag in defeat, though his muscles didn't relax even in the slightest. He leaned backwards, letting his butt press against the front of the desk right behind him for support, while his hands came to rest on its edge, each on either side of him, gripping the hard wooden top to keep himself steady. He bowed his head, then shook it, squeezing his eyes shut as he struggled to organize his rapidly racing thoughts. It was no easy task. "Cas, seriously, I... I'm exhausted. I just really want to rest, to lay down and try to get some sleep, because I really need it. Please, can you just... can we not do this? I really don't want to deal with this right now. I don't think I
The redhead’s eyes were hopeful when she turned back around, a hint of a smile tugging the corner of her lips upward.
“Research,” the hunter replied, then nodded at the two mugs Cas was carrying. “What are
. I tried to find something—
He had to make this right. They couldn’t go on like this for much longer. Dean was hurt—Castiel had been able to tell, back at that cemetery; he’d seen it clearly on his face, had heard it in his voice—and honestly, he had every right to be.
“What a disappointment you are, Dean. Can’t you ever do anything right? What would your daddy say?”
Turning on the lights and locking the front door behind himself, Dean took off his jacket and threw it on the couch, stretching a little, lifting his arms over his head and feeling his back pop. He was tired, a lot more than he should be at this time on a Thursday night, but regardless he had work tomorrow morning and should probably go to sleep soon. However, a glance at the time on his phone told him it was just a little after ten, so maybe he could squeeze in some TV time before bed, just not to ruin the habit. His dinner with Sam had thrown his usual weekly schedule a little off balance, but he could manage. Maybe he should have asked Sam to have gone out tomorrow, when he didn’t have a curfew.
, standing right in front of him after apparently rounding the car in a freaking blur.
Modesty aside, the food turned out pretty good. The vegetables made him feel a little nauseous, but fortunately he didn’t puke. That would have ruined a perfectly good meal.
. Trying to jump back into the fire isn’t gonna solve anything. It’s not gonna bring him back.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asked eventually, breaking the silence after a long pause.
“They were fine when I left them, but I’ve got a feeling that’s not gonna last long. These freaks have a witch—a fucking strong one. The bitch knocked out my mother before we even laid eyes on her. No one even saw it coming.”
Haley didn’t seem all that reassured by those words, though, and it occurred to Dean about a second too late that maybe talking to her about all the ‘bad, ugly stuff’ that he’d seen over the past few years might not be the best thing to do while her brother was missing.
Still, Dean had to make sure that Cas really was on board with this. He wanted this so much it hurt, but he
“The one across the street.”
A spark of recognition came to life in Ava’s eyes. “Oh, yes! He told me about that. You must be…” She glanced down at her desk, moving a few papers around until she finally located a small, pink Post-it note. There was something scrawled on it, but Dean couldn’t read it from where he was standing. “Dean Winchester, right?”
“Cas, what’s wrong?” Dean asked, because this was really starting to worry him. Was it something he had done? “You’re acting a little weird.”
It was a false alarm, fortunately, though Dean assumed maybe there wasn’t anything left in his stomach for him to puke out anyway.
"Nothing Michael did while using you as a vessel was your fault, Dean."
Cas paused, apparently thinking the matter over for a beat.
Dean gave her an incredulous look, raising his eyebrows. “Did you
The room around Castiel was suddenly out of focus, his vision going blurry without a warning and everything around him becoming nothing more than a mix of color and meaningless shapes that his brain no longer had the ability to process. He could feel his balance was gone, a weird feeling of being constantly falling settling in his stomach for no apparent reason, as though the floor had been abruptly removed from under his feet, and out of a primal instinct buried deep within him, his shoulders tensed in reflex to beat the wings that were no longer there in an attempt to try and regain even a tiny bit of balance, but of course that did not work. He wondered briefly if maybe his legs had given out under his weight, but he could not tell, could not feel the floor beneath his body at all, could not tell for sure whether he was even still standing upright or not.
Dean pressed his lips together, nodding slowly. Just like he'd suspected when he'd first read that news article, this case did fit Meg's MO
, he couldn't even think about
He was aware of that—he really was, and that exact same thought had been hovering over his head since the moment he’d made the decision to come here, haunting him during the whole drive to Greenville, Illinois, like a dark cloud following him everywhere he went, keeping him up at night and not allowing him to get even a wink of sleep. He’d tossed and turned in every motel bed he’d lied in, staring up at stained, moldy ceilings as he’d debated with himself inside his head, weighing the pros and cons of this impromptu trip of his.
She didn’t give the angel a chance to respond. No, she simply raised a hand, gave him a firm, heavy pat on his right shoulder, and then stepped forward without another word, walking past the angel as she headed down the hallway and toward the living room where all the others were currently gathered, leaving the seraph alone to mull over their exchange, with the sheriff’s warning words looming heavily in the air around him.
Charlie, Dean and Benny had taken care of everything on that end, since Naomi had been in no state to deal with any of that on her own, and Castiel was immensely grateful for their help as well. However, his heart did ache at the thought that Michael, Hael, Ion and Rachel had been buried without anyone from their family present—just friends and acquaintances, and not the people who’d cared about them the most in this world. He wished he could’ve been there.
All Dean got from that was that Sam would be in the ICU when Cas got here and that his brother was alive and holding on for now, because the rest didn’t really matter. Sam wouldn’t need another surgery, but then again, he couldn’t tell the guy that.
Much to the hunter's surprise, Cas shook his head in a negative response. "No. While they're partially on Earth's plane like this, their shadows will be visible to anyone nearby. That is actually how I showed you the shadows of
He would never hear his son laugh again, or see him smile, or watch as his eyes lit up with excitement as he told his father about the last book he read. He would never hug Jack again, would never smell the sweet scent of the baby shampoo he loved so much in his hair. He wouldn't get to help Jack as he slowly progressed into adulthood, wouldn't be there to help his son with all his troubles, wouldn't be there to support him whenever he ran into a problem. Jack was pretty quirky, and he didn't have many friends, but Castiel had always been there for him, and he'd always done everything he could to make his son feel better. He'd always made sure that Jack knew he was special and loved, and that he would never be alone. He'd made that same promise to Jack years ago—that he would
, was carrying their forbidden hybrid child
“Did something happen with your family?” The question was tentative, careful, the sound of the man’s voice still coming from right behind Dean, but the man didn’t bother to turn around and look at the ghost again. He really didn’t want to deal with this. After the night he’d had, this was really the last thing he needed.
Dean gave him a look, but chose not to comment on Cas’ overly formal introduction.
Cas smiled back, just a shy, tiny tug at the corner of his mouth, but it was still there. Without protest, he followed Dean into the bedroom, allowing the human to lead the way.
He chose not to think too much about that.
Gabriel pretty much whined, sounding an awful lot like a child throwing a tantrum.
Dean was the only one who had ever come to Portland to visit him, and at some point, that had actually become a regular thing for them. Every couple of months, Dean would just show up one Friday night, without any kind of prior warning whatsoever, claiming that he’d been nearby and that he’d thought he’d stop by to see his ‘baby brother’. And in most of those visits, he'd end up staying the weekend, crashing in Sam and Jess’ guest room and just spending some quality time with them for a few days.
There were quite a few pictures there—a couple of them depicting Jo, others Ellen, some showing the three of them together, and finally, a couple featuring the Winchester boys.
That same hand from before was rubbing small circles against his back, and now, without all that thick fur getting in the way, Dean could feel it a lot better. He kept his eyes closed at first, just getting used to the familiar feeling of his body—of his
Dean really didn’t expect to hear that, and he failed to hold back the flinch that took over his features at the sound of Cas’ name.
It reminded him of what the transformation into a hybrid had felt like, but currently, he didn’t have the presence of mind required to make any sense of that, or to wonder what exactly that could mean.
that same house when it all happened, and she didn't see
Every minute that passed with him failing to free himself only made his heart beat faster inside his chest, part of him just expecting the moment when a brigade of angels would march through that door to kill him. Dean was a little surprised the Stynes didn’t seem to be worried enough about that possibility to have put the necklace back on him, and they knew what it was used for, Dean was pretty sure of that.
He knew and the angel hadn’t said a thing; hadn’t freaked out at all on him like Dean had been fearing.
Dean doubted that would actually work, though.
Even if it hurt to do it, Dean made himself nod once again, a warm feeling coming to life inside his chest at those words.
Right. Mood swings.
about this, he still shook his head and powered through, forcing his next words out of his mouth before they could die in his throat, before his voice could fail him again.
But in that moment, for some reason, Dean didn't feel any of that.
So naturally, during the next couple of minutes, Dean spent some quality time trying to expel a lung through his freaking mouth while Sam just kind of hovered there awkwardly, standing a few steps away from Dean’s bed, looking like he just had no idea what the hell to do with himself.
to do it. Or maybe someone
And there, right there, was the million dollar question. Dean still had no idea what Gabriel wanted with them, or why he was being helpful all of a sudden, after being MIA for years, or more importantly, why he seemed to care so much about what was going on with them and the nephilim.
So, keeping those thoughts in the forefront of his mind, Dean lowered himself onto the edge of the bed, though not without letting out another big, suffering sigh, just to make sure Charlie was aware that he wasn’t exactly happy about sitting down.
It felt weird to be standing on this front porch again. The last time Dean had been here (over a week ago), he had been so frantic and desperate to find Cas' Grace that he hadn't even noticed the colorful flowers currently growing in several tiny little pots that crowded the windowsill to his right, or the small garden gnome hidden behind the lounge chair a few feet away.
So that was what he decided to do.
didn’t want to be thinking about his fucking
“Absarokee, Montana,” Dean replied, glancing around once more, realizing the parking lot had filled a lot more while he had been on the phone and he hadn't even noticed it until now, “A small town in the middle of nowhere with a terrible cell reception.”
And then the demons came.
And Cas just
was he so good at this? "You might... you might want to stop. Like, right now."
“Because that’s what’s going to happen, and you know it. You won’t be able to carry to term with the Mark. You’ll miscarry before you even get
That last part was spoken in a low, pleading whisper, like Cas wasn’t sure if he was even allowed to say something like that right now.
Somehow they ended up watching a few movies and talking about mindless things for quite a while, and by the time Mary left hours later Dean was actually feeling human again, enough that finally he manned up and cleaned some of the fucking mess in his apartment, and briefly he wondered if that had been his mother’s plan all along. His neighbor from down the hall, the kind but very quiet lady (he didn’t even know her name, he realized) eyed him with furrowed eyebrows and a clearly disapproving look in her eyes as she watched him carry his five days worth of take out boxes, junk food leftovers and empty beer bottles to the trash disposing area, but he sent her a small, shy smile as he walked by her, feeling almost sheepish. It was almost like she could read his mind and know exactly what he’d been doing. He could actually feel the weight of her stare on his back as he unlocked his apartment door, so much that he actually fumbled a little with his keys before dropping them to the floor by his feet, which only made him look even more like a fool and curse himself inside his head.
Dean felt his heart breaking a little, and he swallowed, also letting his gaze drop down to ground, once again struggling to find the right words to say. He knew the kind of fear she was feeling all too well. He’d felt it himself—way too many times.
They were at a horse farm a few miles north of Kennesaw, Georgia. It was the place of yet another ‘miracle’, as the locals had grown accustomed to calling it, which seemed to be the case in most of the places they visited.
Understanding flooded the redhead’s features, and she nodded. “Oh, good.” She both looked
“Back to the motel,” Dean answered. “I gotta check on Miracle. I think I'll make him company for a bit. Just drop by when you and Eileen are ready to go to Canton.” He was ready to just walk away right then—in fact, he actually started to do just that as soon as he was done talking, but he only managed to take a couple of steps away from the bench before his brother called out after him.
Alexander's face hardened at those words, and if that was even possible, he suddenly looked even more tense, which led Dean to assume that Charlie was right. Judging by the man's reaction, Gavreel hadn't simply come to this house and left a hint here; the angel must have actually talked to Alexander at some point, maybe even done something to the guy. At least that was the only explanation Dean could think of as to why Alexander was instantly so suspicious of him.
Unsurprisingly, night fell and Dean had yet to make any significant progress with his research. Again, it wasn't like he had expected to actually get anywhere with it, but it was just so incredibly frustrating how he felt like nothing had changed at all; like after all the hours he'd spent staring at those books and repeatedly going through his notes, he was still exactly where he'd started, so of course he grew more and more annoyed as the day went on, and he was just about to give up on doing any more research at all for the day when Sam walked into the room carrying dinner for both of them—on the same tray from yesterday, his brother had set two plates filled with a heated up portion of the spaghetti from lunch, plus a glass of water.
Earlier in this conversation, a tiny part of Bobby had wondered why it had taken John so long to tell him about this. He’d told the man about the case in Superior
Honestly, Dean was a bit shocked when he realized that those words had actually just come out of his mouth. He froze, eyes widening as something very close to panic poured into his insides, flooding his entire body. Fuck, he hadn’t meant to say that—at least not like this, not so abruptly and with absolutely no idea how the hell the conversation would continue on after it, but now the words were out there, looming in the air between them, and he couldn't take them back.
“You’ve done a lot more than I would have expected from you—a lot more than I deserve, really, after… Well, with the way I’ve been treating you lately. Frankly, I didn’t expect you to want to help me at all.”
possible, Dean realized. They didn’t need a full moon to turn, and their wolves were definitely big and strong enough to do something like this. Although some people had disappeared over two weeks ago, and no bodies had shown up yet, so that didn’t really fit the pattern of the usual hybrid case.
“Then you look around,” Gabriel shrugged again, “Try to find out what exactly Gavreel did in that house while he was there, try to find anything out of place that he might have left behind, because he
owe Cas their lives, though, so that had probably played a part in their decision—but, well, Dean definitely wasn’t complaining about it. The important part was that they’d
The sight of him made a chill run down Dean’s spine, but he forced his eyes to stay focused on Cain and not to glance over at Cas to share his nervousness. Seeing the angel’s tense shoulders, his worried and anxious stance, would only make the rock of uneasiness sitting in the hunter's stomach grow even heavier than it already was.
it is. I really shouldn’t have expected anything different.”
Their baby was kicking. Their baby had just
I want to do this. I really
“Dean,” A hand rested on Dean’s shoulder, not really squeezing it but still very much present where it rested, but the older brother still didn’t look at him, “Drink this.”
And yet, here he was, staring at Cas with what he hoped wasn’t too much curiosity in his eyes, waiting to see if the blue-eyed hybrid would actually be willing to share some details of that night with him.
The air grew lighter gradually as they began to discuss their research, since it might help with the codex and they still had to find Cas’ Grace. They had been doing this completely separately until now and Sam and Charlie had probably gotten to different places with their own research than Dean and Cas, and while they had discussed the major stuff over the phone, the little details were also important and now that the four of them were in the same place again maybe they might notice something that had been overlooked before. The air was still a little tense, though, as if the others were just waiting for the moment when Dean would snap again, but he managed to hold his own against the Mark pretty well. It grew louder again as time passed, pretty much screaming inside his head, wailing and cursing so loudly that at some point it became hard for Dean to hear his own thoughts, but he couldn’t let any of that show. There was no need to get anyone even more worried than they already were, because they had just gotten here and already they were walking on eggshells around him and he hated every second of it; hated the subtle, annoyingly often side glances he was getting, the furrowed brows, the worried and tense stances.
His nausea was still going strong, but Dean chose to ignore it completely, focusing on the instant effect the caffeine had on his body instead. He was still feeling a little dizzy, though—probably from getting up so fast, he reasoned—so he kept his hands firmly wrapped around the dark blue body of the mug as he slowly turned around and made his way back toward the bed, sitting down on its edge, still carefully cradling his precious coffee in his hands.
Dean swallowed drily again, hesitating to respond, because he still felt like going after Claire was probably the worst thing they could do right now. But he also knew that Cas wouldn’t change his mind about this easily and that there was no point in arguing with him now, so in the end, Dean let out a small sigh, nodding his head weakly and withdrawing his wing so that Cas could slip away from it more easily, folding it carefully against his back. “Fine,” he relented, “But I’m going with you.” Because he really felt like he should be present for that conversation. That way, he could at least
A moment ago, there had been nothing but complete, utter silence hanging heavily in the air inside the cabin, which Sam and Charlie had been very carefully trying to maintain for quite some time now—a few hours at least, Sam guessed. They had been working on their research for a while, hour after hour spent with their noses buried in the countless books Dean and Cas had brought from the Bunker as they continued to try to figure out a way to use Nadya’s codex to read the Book of the Damned. At this point, their routine had once more come to consist of seemingly endless hours of research, falling back into the same pattern Sam had grown accustomed to throughout the past few months; the same exhausting rhythm that his body seemed to be struggling to keep up with by now.
Dean exchanged yet another look with his brother, but all he found in Sam’s eyes was confusion and uncertainty. It wasn’t hard to guess that Sam wouldn’t jump in again, that he wouldn’t try to take the reins of the conversation like he’d done before, when Dean had been panicking.
Dean took the text apart inside his head, examining it in pieces, going through one portion of it at a time. The family bound by love and torn apart by its own faith could only mean the Novaks, obviously, and it made sense—everything that had befallen their family had only happened because of their faith, because Jimmy had so blindly trusted an angel. And okay, sure, Jimmy had technically been Cas' vessel since the moment he'd been born, but he'd still had a choice in actually letting the angel in, and he'd barely even hesitated to say yes to Cas, at least as far as Dean knew, anyway. The poem even made a reference to exactly that when it mentioned the man whose trust was so blindly earned.
They were all there, all four of them, just lying on the dirty floor, one right beside the other. They were unmoving, their chests far too still, their hearts too quiet and skin looking sickly, pale in a way that betrayed the lack of life underneath it. The smell of death was even stronger now—not quite as strong as it would be in a few days, but already enough to tell him that they’d all been dead for a couple days at least.
Castiel looked up, glancing over at Charlie. Her expression was apologetic, her eyes soft and gentle.
That happened sometimes—he would feel nauseous, but he wouldn’t actually need to make a break for the bathroom. It was rare, but it happened, usually at night, just so the nausea would keep him up until it went away.
Once more, he wished he could believe it.
There was a short pause before the ghost spoke again. “You seem upset,” he pointed out.
“Cas—”
“Why leave them alive, though? Or warn people about the attacks?” Dean still didn’t get that.
Dean frowned, because that was definitely not something he’d been expecting to hear, and he hesitated to actually give his brother an answer. He wasn’t going to just agree to something without knowing what it was, so he swallowed with a click, before asking, “Promise what?” Mentally, he braced himself for whatever he would be hearing next. He honestly had no idea what that might turn out to be, and that scared him a little.
But that line was gone now. So what if Cas was a freaking hybrid? He’d proved to Dean over and over again throughout the past several weeks that he was good, that the fact that he wasn’t human anymore didn’t define him, that it didn’t make him
Sam nodded, but the movement seemed tense, heavy. “I know, I just… I guess that kinda hit a nerve. I, uh… I worried a lot about that, in the beginning—was terrified of it, really. But you do have a point—if a monster
Cas nuzzled closed into Dean’s throat, and Dean smiled at it, lifting his right arm to run his hand through Cas’ hair. He felt the weight of Cas’ head growing gradually, like the angel was slowly slipping from consciousness. At some point the seraph nestled himself even more against Dean, turning to lay fully on his side so he could rest his head on Dean’s chest, and the hunter had to adjust himself a little, but eventually Cas managed to find a comfortable position beside Dean, lying half on top of him on the bed, curled up to his side and using him as a pillow, snoring softly into his chest.
Charlie didn't comment on it.
“You said we could take turns,” Cas whispered against his skin, biting it lightly just as the hunter had done just a moment prior, and honestly, although he was still confused, Dean very much liked where this was going, “And I must say, it’s been a few weeks since we last…”
, he would dare say. "Well, I'm really happy about that, too. Although... well, I don't think that's all, Cas. I mean, you... you've always been different, from the very start, even before that whole mess with the Apocalypse. And you know, I think that's... that's why I fell for you." He honestly hadn't planned to say that, to make such an open confession, but when the hunter realized it, the words were already out of his mouth and he couldn't take them back.
And it
to come here in the first place. Seriously, what the hell was he
Hannah replied calmly,
That was the first thing the hunter noticed when he came to. The mattress beneath him was soft and comfortable—not nearly as soft as his memory foam mattress back at home, of course, but enough so that he instantly knew he was not lying on a random motel room bed.
Still, Castiel paused, glancing down at the hand currently wrapped around his bicep.
Dean did his best to not let his relief show on his face, and he hesitated for only a second before finally saying, "Angel." Alexander's eyebrows rose in surprise at that word, as clearly that wasn't the answer he'd been expecting to get. Dean could practically see another question hanging from the man's tongue, so the hunter hurried to add, "Not Castiel, though. That was Gavreel."
It was heartbreaking.
John nodded, letting out a low, hoarse, “Right.”
“You’ll regret this, Castiel!” Meg’s voice followed him as he ran down the blessedly empty hallway, “You can run, but you can’t hide forever! I’ll find you, no matter how long it takes!”
That night, for the first time, he let Miracle sleep on the bed with him. He’d had a pretty strict rule about that up until now, and he definitely didn’t plan on repeating that particular occurrence anytime soon, but that night, when he’d lied down to sleep, with his heart feeling tight and painful inside his chest and a constant stream of tears leaking from his eyes, with his thoughts hazy and messy because of the alcohol, when Miracle whined and moved closer to him, cuddling up to his side, Dean just hadn’t had the heart—or the energy—to push him away.
Even if he'd (probably) never actually done this before, Cas didn't go slow at first. The angel really just went for it. He started moving his hand as soon as he found Dean's dick, and while his movements were clearly unpracticed and not quite right, the feeling of that warm, rough hand—of
Dean came first. His hips stuttered, his entire body shaking as he buried his face into Cas' neck, feeling his muscles convulse at the strength of his second climax in the course of twelve hours. He felt Cas' orgasm through the bond just a few seconds after, adding a whole new layer of pleasure that washed through his body, and for a while he couldn't even feel his body, didn't know where Cas ended and he started. Cas lit up again, the warmness of the angelic light washing over Dean's skin and only adding to his ecstasy.
I apologize for the long wait, this chapter took a little longer than I expected. I had to move a lot of stuff around until I was finally happy with it. Honestly, I'm still a little nervous about it. But hopefully some things will finally start to make sense. :)
Was Dean really the only one who could see that?
The hunter’s muscles melted even more, finally relaxing completely when Cas’ other hand closed around a handful of his feathers, and a tiny, relieved smile tugged at the corner of his lips when Cas shifted a bit against him so he could press a kiss to the side of Dean’s head.
Dean swallowed again, albeit drily this time. "What do you mean?" he asked, already dreading whatever question was about to come out of his father’s mouth, even if he had no idea what to expect from the man right now. He just knew he wouldn’t like it, whatever it was.
And the thing was—Sam knew that Jess wasn’t buying that bullshit story that they’d told her. He could see it in the way her eyes lingered on his wounds—examining them, like silently questioning if someone could really end up with those wounds just by tripping down a staircase—and by the heavy frown that’d taken up residence in her brows, the answer that she’d come up with was probably not good for them. She was a doctor, after all, so Sam really hadn’t expected anything different from her.
Cas’ eyes slipped open at that, and he gave Dean a pointed look. His pupils were still dilated, the hunter noticed, though probably less than they’d been only a couple minutes prior. “Very,” the angel said, voice sounding forcibly serious, though there was a tiny hint of amusement to it that was almost imperceptible, accompanied by a small tug at the corner of the seraph’s mouth—the very beginnings of a smile. “I’m definitely still tense. Your efforts do seem very promising so far, but I’m afraid you’ll have to keep going.”
Honestly, now that he thought about it, Dean really didn’t need to stay here to solve this case. Sure, working with Rowena would definitely make things a lot easier, and everyone here certainly knew a lot more about this whole situation than he did, but Dean was a damn good hunter, and he knew he could handle this on his own. If he wanted to, he could just take off and go work this case alone, solve this whole mystery all by himself. He knew he could do it.
Cas still seemed uncertain—Dean could see it easily, clear as day, written all over his features, flashing openly in the angel’s eyes.
Yeah, Dean was probably gonna go with that one.
, he corrected himself—up there, and that was definitely not a good thing.
“You done with the history thing?” that same low, gravelly voice asked.
And it wasn't like Cas was asking too much of Sam. This wasn't an absurd request in any way. The angel was just worried about Dean and the baby, and he only wanted what was best for both of them. He was just trying to keep them both safe and healthy, trying to make sure that no harm would come to either of them. So in the end, as those thoughts finally registered in Sam's mind, the hunter ended up nodding, albeit slowly, carefully, letting out a relenting breath as his shoulders sagged in defeat.
yet again, at the time we needed you the most, like it means nothing to you?!”
“So you’ve been watching everything from a safe distance, is that it?” Dean could feel his own anger rising up quickly inside his body, the Mark burning on his forearm once more, but he couldn’t find it in him to stop it this time. He was just so fucking
“Oh, are you now?” Crowley raised his eyebrows, his tone growing almost condescending all of a sudden. The urge to punch him made itself known in Dean’s gut once more, but Dean tried to push it down when the Mark perked up in interest in his arm, beginning to burn weakly, but warningly. “Because that’s not what I’m seeing here. Have you been searching for a way to get rid of the Mark? Have you looked for Cain at all?”
Cas didn’t seem happy with the word ‘cute’, instead narrowing his eyes even more, which only amused Dean even more, and he actually laughed this time, which only seemed to make Cas look all the more annoyed. The hunter leaned in, kissing him lightly on the lips before standing up from the bed at last, leaving the grumpy angel alone on the bed.
“It’s not something our Dad’s particularly proud of. Amara was His sister, after all, and He just locked her away for eternity, without a second thought. Only the archangels know about that because it happened literal
The entire world was suddenly just a blur around him, tears blinding him to everything else that wasn’t the
Part of him was
"I'm so sorry, Baby," he whispered as he stepped over to her, pulling open one of the back doors so that he could put Miracle inside. Once that was done, he closed the door and raised a hand, using it to knock softly on Baby's roof. "I promise I'll take care of all that filth once everything calms down, okay? Just... just bear with me for a little longer, alright?"
Dean's insides froze, and he swallowed drily.
And as he stared at Cas, for some freaking reason that the hunter truly couldn’t fathom, Dean suddenly felt the inexplicable urge to fucking lean in, to scoot closer to Cas and nuzzle against him, to bury his nose into the fluffy black fur that covered the blue-eyed hybrid’s neck and just stay there, maybe even fall asleep like that, huddled close—practically
But before he could actually do that, Cas moved, catching Dean completely by surprise.
Mockery flooded the demon's voice as he said the last part, "You weren’t happy with your life, though, were you, Dean? Because deep down you knew that relationship was doomed from the start. Just like every single time you tried to have something for yourself.”
"Dean?" Charlie was suddenly by his side, gripping his arm, voice laced with worry. "Dean, what's happening? Are you in pain?"
just as there was absolutely no trace of a break-in; no telltale signs of how a fully grown man could have gotten in and out of his apartment at all. There was
Dean pounced. Stepping forward, he swung the Blade through the air, trying to hit Cain’s head, or at least his neck, but the demon dodged his blows effortlessly, grabbing Dean’s arm and pushing him with enough strength to send him flying back a little, though not enough to knock him off his feet again.
Jody turned her head, giving Sam an inquiring look—silently asking for permission, it looked like.
Rumor has it that Principal Garth used to be a dentist, which was where he’d started using the freaking sock puppet—to calm down little kids who were scared of going to the dentist—but at some point, he’d quit his former job to pursue a career in education.
him. He hadn’t, though, and of course that made him angry. He hadn’t understood why he’d been so mad at Sam back then, but now he knew why’d he’d lashed out, why he’d
Castiel closed his eyes at that last thought, pulling in a big, deep breath as he tilted his head backwards, resting it against the wooden bedframe right behind him.
“Did you guys see Dean’s secret admirer’s latest post on Lawrence High Secrets?” Jo asked, swiveling around in her seat so she could look at Benny and Cas in the back.
Unsurprisingly, Dean felt even more anxious after that, leg still bouncing uncontrollably as he waited and waited and fucking
This is my first ever Destiel story, so please be gentle with me ;P
The angel nodded slowly, a small, understanding smile tugging at the corner of his mouth, before he leaned in, pressing a reassuring, gentle kiss to Dean’s lips, pulling a small, content sigh right out of the hunter’s lungs.
Of course, he checked the entire apartment once more before going back to bed, peeking into every single crevice and corner of the place that could possibly fit a human being, even tiptoeing back into Ben’s room to give everything one last once over (and fortunately he did manage to do that without waking the boy up, which only made it clearer just how tired his son really was), but just like all the other times Dean had done that during the past couple of days, he found absolutely nothing out of place.
. My guess was either Balthazar or Crowley—or both, really.”
Before Dean could say anything at all, though, his stomach grumbled loudly, and he groaned lowly as he remembered they hadn't eaten dinner yet. He was hungry, but he didn’t want to get up from that warm bed. Fuck, he really didn’t want to move at all.
And he already knew, without even a sliver of doubt, that that pain would never go away.
“Cas, I’m a
And he took utter, complete advantage of all that accumulated knowledge now.
Dean felt his mouth dry up a bit at those words, the unsaid meaning carried in them painfully clear. There was a chance they might not survive this, Dean was very much aware of that, and being once again reminded of that fact made Dean's chest feel as heavy as though an anvil was sitting right on top of his sternum. However, he had to admit that he understood Cas' reasoning for showing him that memory now, especially because the seraph had already waited so long to do it. The angel feared that they might die here, and then he'd never get the chance to share that memory with Dean, so really, it made sense.
That did nothing to help him, of course, and the feeling spread to the rest of his body in no time at all, like a fire that very quickly consumed him whole, that swallowed every single inch of his body, burning him alive from the inside out.
Sam smiled back, and then went back to his sandwich, and Dean took it as his cue that he too was allowed to continue eating. He wasn’t all that hungry anymore, but he dug into his masterpiece anyway, because how could anyone let good food like that go to waste?
So Dean had done his best to steer the conversation away from the family front, trying to figure out some sort of safe topic, but every single one of his efforts had crashed and burned in the end. So yeah, in the end Dean had just come to accept the fact that conversation wouldn’t work out between the two, and by then he was fine with it.
Cas nodded, closing his eyes and waiting, a clear sign for Dean to continue.
The thing was cute, though, he had to admit it—it was like an incredibly small cupcake, so tiny and different from anything he’d ever seen before, complete with a tiny little frosting bow placed on top of it, which was kind of adorable.
and there’s absolutely nothing you can do about it. Got it?”
“What did they do to us?”
He glanced over at the man in the corner, wondering if he could take him when his entire body still felt so heavy and stiff, and he felt yet another spike of anger in his chest at the thought that they’d actually drugged him, even knowing that he was pregnant. At least Dean knew they didn't want to actually harm him or the nephilim right now, so he had to assume whatever drug they had given him wouldn't actually hurt the baby. But still, because of the sedatives, because he still felt numb and a little out of sorts, he knew he couldn’t attempt a fight, since he really did not want to push it too far; did not in any way wish to figure out if they would be willing to hurt him or the baby if he started up any sort of actual commotion, because that just wasn’t a risk he was willing to take.
And without waiting for a reply, Charlie turned on her heels and walked away, headed for the office of the motel with the clear intention to book a room for the night.
Sam shrugged weakly. “It hit him pretty hard, honestly. After that, I don’t think Dean even thought about having a relationship with anyone again. Afterwards he told me that life wasn’t for him, the whole white picket fence thing, and honestly, I believe him. I just can't see Dean getting out of the life. And sure, before that there was Jo, too, and maybe that could have worked out, I mean, she was a hunter, but… I don’t know, things just never seem to go well for the two of us in that department,” or in any department whatsoever.
This wasn’t good. This was the opposite of good.
Okay, so that turned out a lot longer than it should have. That first part in the Bunker? It was originally just a few paragraphs, not actual scenes, and the part with Sam and Cas didn't even exist at all. That entire first half was added throughout the past three weeks, because I felt like not having the actual scenes was just too rushed and I really wanted to write them, but that took some time. Hopefully it was worth it. :)
He glanced down at his lap, taking in the half-eaten slice of pie he’d been nibbling on for the better part of an hour, just sitting on a small, plastic plate he’d been carefully balancing on top of his thighs. His matching plastic fork was gripped loosely in his hand. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d moved it.
A demon, it seemed.
He lifted his head and opened his eyes to look at his father again, as difficult as that was to do in that moment, but instead of the disgust he’d expected to see in John’s gaze, of the pity and disappointment he knew he deserved, all Dean found there was sadness and pain.
The codex looked like a weird little notebook, a bunch of worn, old papers just tied together with a badly kept brown leather cover, and it was full of symbols he couldn’t recognize. Dean had no idea how that thing would help them read the Book, but they had it now, and that was enough for today.
But he was over that phase now—had been for a while, actually. He liked to think that he'd outgrown it, that he’d matured, but he wasn’t sure what the reason for his recent lack of interest in casual sex truly was. He was just… tired of it, he guessed. And okay, yeah, he liked sex—he really,
“It certainly doesn’t look like nothing,” Cas pointed out, but his voice was quieter, gentler, a lot less demanding than it’d been before. He’d definitely picked up on what Dean was trying to do here.
But in the end, his curiosity—no, his
their eyes boring holes into his back, the weight of their gazes making his shoulders stiffen and tense, his muscles locking up, as if his body was unconsciously preparing itself for a fight. Just thinking about the kind of conversation that he could potentially be dealing with real freaking soon was already enough to have Dean swallowing drily, to have his heart picking up a much faster pace inside his chest as a small spark of panic burst to life inside of him.
“He needs to do this, Sam.”
The place wasn't actually warded against angels; it was only hidden, which did make sense, because the nephilim was half-angel, anyway, and Dean might also be affected by any sort of actual warding to a degree because of the soul bond. So there wasn't anything stopping Cas from actually going inside, and that was what truly mattered once they had actually found Dean. There was also no warding against demons, but that wasn't exactly surprising, since the Stynes were surely not expecting a demon to show up trying to rescue Dean.
those memories, had lived every single one of them through Dean's eyes, and he hadn't simply watched those scenes unfold like he would with a movie. Cas had been inside his freaking
The taste of acid made him cringe as it assaulted his mouth, and he swallowed again, shoving those thoughts away and doing everything he could to ignore the Mark. This had been what Dean had been afraid of. He hadn’t only feared what Cain might do to Cas or to anyone else who entered the ring with Dean. No, Dean had also been terrified that
For a while, all that Haley seemed able to do was simply blink at him. It really looked like she was having trouble wrapping her head around what she’d just heard, and Dean definitely couldn’t blame her for it, so he gave her a moment to process.
The girl’s eyebrows rose up to her forehead, so Dean felt the need to shrug, adding, “I heal pretty fast.”
anymore—if, you know, you’re not into that kind of thing.”
this curse?” he asked, voice rising in volume and carrying an obvious hint of the anger he could already feel blooming inside of him, sparking to life fast and abruptly, quickly turning into a strong, dangerous flame. “
handed Dean his phone. “There ya go.”
Dean couldn’t stop his wings from twitching behind him, and he hugged them a little closer to his back in an effort to conceal his anxious fidgeting, although Cas’ own wings were doing pretty much the same exact thing by his side, the handful of feathers still attached to the appendages spreading out a little every few seconds, shifting and twitching like they had a mind of their own, just like the hunter’s, betraying how nervous the angel was apparently feeling inside.
That name had Dean pausing, because he’d never heard it before in his life, and that was saying something. “What the hell is that?” he asked, a small frown settling in his brows.
was the one sitting there right in front of Dean, staring at him with those big, pleading blue eyes that had recently started starring in Dean’s dreams—because of course it was only a matter of time until
And that was way easier said than done.
Sam still didn’t look happy. “Well, let us help you, then.”
“So, uh…” Dean cleared his throat. “You guys… all set?”
One thing at time, he thought. One thing at a time.
Dean shrugged. “Well, they’re supposed to serve seven people.”
“Faster, Cas,” the sound that escaped Dean’s throat was very close to a broken whimper as he said it. The angel growled in response, but quickly complied, finding an even quicker pace, angling his hips until he found that very spot inside Dean that had his entire body convulsing against the angel’s, his muscles tensing as he moaned, “Right there, Cas, right there, oh god, Cas…”
So I decided to try all the combinations I could think of, changing who went over to Jody's on the first scene, who was there when Dean told her about the baby, when that happened,
“A map of every single town I could find where there was a hybrid case. I’ve been trying to find them all, to try to figure out some sort of pattern—that’s what the X’s are for. Here, listen to this.”
Oh, well, that made sense, and it did explain how Gabriel had stayed hidden from Heaven throughout the past few years. Sam would have thought the Host should have noticed him being alive by now, but if he really had cut himself off like that, then surely that would make it harder for Heaven to realize he was still around.
the small, traitorous voice in the back of his mind added.
He pulled in a few deep breaths, hoping they would help steady him at least a little bit, that they would help him feel better somehow, but of course that didn’t work. Damn it, why were his hands
“Goodnight, sir.” The guy politely nodded at him, standing upright and puffing out his chest a little, probably because of the suit. “How can I help you?”
And Cas had been a little overbearing during the past few weeks, overprotective even, so maybe there was no real harm in Dean going in a quick salt and burn. Yeah, he probably wouldn’t even have to fight, really.
“You could have stopped at any moment,” he finally said, “But instead, you’ve chosen to live your life with the single purpose of saving people from monsters, from creatures they have no way to defend themselves against. You put your life at risk every day to save them, and you get nothing in exchange for it—no money, no fame, no recognition. You do it because it's the right thing to do. You’re the
here, pal. Quite the contrary, actually."
“Haley, are you fucking
But that didn’t happen. And even if they’d all known that Amelia’s chances of surviving were awfully close to zero, receiving the news of her passing had still hurt, leaving their hearts heavy with guilt, their minds flooded with several different versions of ‘I could have done more’ and ‘If we had done
were reduced to almost zero.
The inside of the barn was a bit dark, of course, considering it was currently night outside and obviously no one had bothered to replace any of the light bulbs Cas had burst when the angel had walked into this place that night, but the light from the streetlight right across the street, which easily found its way inside through the big, open doorway at the front of the building, was still enough to allow the pair to see what was concealed within those walls somewhat clearly.
“Is it Lilith?” he asked.
Okay, I'm pretty excited about this chapter, and a little nervous too. Weirdly enough it was one of the easiest chapters to write. Seriously, I was so excited about writing it that most of it came out in just one sitting. Editing it took a good while, though, but
“Okay, before you try to throw me out,” Dean lifted the bag and the cup holder he still had in his hands, “I come bearing gifts.”
In fact, the woman seemed
Missouri seemed to think about the question for a beat, eyes narrowing just a little, until finally shook her head slowly, frowning lightly at him, “What kind of problems?”
He was terrified of what he might become.
But because Dean’s luck had apparently completely run out the moment Meg had grabbed him back in Superior, that didn’t happen, and when Dean finally managed to figure out where the vampires were hiding—in a big, empty warehouse just a few miles outside of town—he went in alone.
honest when he’d said that he didn’t really think about it. Fuck, he hadn’t even been honest when he’d said that he thought the apple pie life just wasn’t for him—he’d been lying about that his entire freaking
Dean huffed, shaking his head. He swallowed back a sharp, annoyed retort, and instead settled for a quiet, pleading, “Sam, can we please not do this right now?”
fit into all of this, but for some reason, this whole painting thing just felt a bit... odd to Dean, like there was something missing here. Gavreel had
He felt his chest even heavier at the thought that he was about to dump a bucket of cold water over his brother’s head and completely wash away the hopeful look in his eyes, but he knew he had to do it.
It was only when he shut off the water that Sam finally said anything.
“I’m sorry,” he sighed as he turned around, catching sight of the redhead watching him by the now closed door with hesitant, careful eyes, which definitely didn’t make him feel any better. “It’s just… this is kind of a difficult subject for me, that’s all.”
Sam sucked in a shaky breath, sniffing, and Dean realized then that his brother might be even closer to actually crying than he'd thought. "We never... We never really talked about this. I mean, we have, but you never... Whenever the idea of actually having a family someday, I mean, of... finding someone and having kids and everything came up, every single time, you would always shut me out. Even when I made you promise to try and have a life after the Apocalypse, to go back to Lisa and Ben, you still looked at me like you couldn't believe what I was saying. And I never really got why. I wondered if maybe you just thought you didn't deserve it, or if you really just believed it was something we
Behind Cas, an employee was standing, staring at Dean with big, expectant blue eyes circled in dark blue eyeshadow and
way. He closed his eyes without a thought, and his hands moved again, this time to grip at the angel's sides as the human let his head fall backwards to give Cas better access. His dick twitched happily in his pants, clearly pleased with the new turn of events.
Jody waited until Dean had opened the envelope before she started talking again.
something behind in every place so far, a physical clue for them to find, but Dean couldn’t see anything of that sort here, which meant this one truly was breaking the pattern.
Dean let his eyes dart back and forth between the pair, taking in the expectant look in their eyes, which made Dean wonder if he really was missing something here and they were just waiting for him to realize it, because it sure as hell looked like it. Why the hell were they—
But now wasn't the time for any of that. They could talk about this later, once Dean and the baby were safe.
Jody simply nodded as she took a seat at the table across from the two, pushing one beer toward each brother, before wrapping a hand around the last bottle. Sam accepted his beer with a small, thankful nod, and Dean had no other choice but to grab his own bottle as well, slowly curling his hand around the cold, damp glass, though he was very much unsure what to do with it after that. Sam flicked his beer open expertly, and Dean mirrored his brother’s actions, uncapping his own bottle easily, but while Sam took a careful sip from his own beer, Dean just sat there fiddling with the label of his, wondering how long it would take for Jody to find it odd that he wasn’t drinking it.
“Sorry,” Dean panted, straightening up his body, happy to realize he hadn’t gotten any vomit on his clothes, “I really have no idea what’s wrong with me today.”
They couldn't just pretend that there was nothing wrong. They were buried in problems and had way too much to worry about.
He wondered if Cas was even sleeping at this point, but he’d thought it better not to ask. The dark rings beginning to form under the angel’s eyes were answer enough for him, anyway.
“I’m not worried about him making a deal,” he clarified instead. “I talked to him about that, at the memorial, and I don’t think he was lying when he said he didn’t plan on it—especially because he thinks you
Gabriel scoffed. “Well, but he’s not the one pregnant, is he? He’s not the one who’s actually working on a time limit here. He can wait for a cure, for something else. The
Fortunately, he hadn’t run into anyone in any of those trips, and he’d been quick to return to the safety of his room every single time.
Charlie typed something else into her laptop, even with the lack of response, her fingers flying over the keyboard just like they had before, when she had been about to show them the book, “Also, there’s something else I found.”
Dean closed his eyes, letting out a breath through his teeth as the very obvious meaning behind those words weighed down on his thoughts. Cas had a point, he knew that, but this whole thing was still a little too much for him to process. He was still having trouble with thinking that he wasn’t eating only for himself now. Still, yet again, he doubted arguing with the angel would get him anywhere, and anyway, Cas also had to eat. “Alright, we’ll pick up some breakfast on our way to the cabin, then.”
The angel had leaned away from Dean at some point, probably so that he could actually see the hunter's face, and he seemed a little confused, a deep frown in his brows, his head tilted slightly to the side. Honestly, it was kind of adorable.
Well, didn’t that make Dean feel so much better. “Cas, you shouldn’t…”
Which he didn’t, by the way—he really,
That wasn't exactly ideal, of course, but Dean understood why the others hadn't just packed up and left as soon as they'd found Cas' Grace. Dean was clearly in no state to travel, not when he could barely even open his freaking eyes, let alone move.
And just like it’d happened with Jack, he didn’t get a response right away.
he reminded himself.
. He had dreamed of that moment for
He slid his thumb across the screen to accept the call and brought the phone up to his ear.
More crunching sounds filled the air—more steps being taken, more leaves and twigs being crushed under the soles of a pair of polished black shoes.
Gabriel was the first one to snap out of it and give Castiel an answer.
So he and Claire had come to Peter Holloway’s farmhouse—and Dean had been very glad that the others had taken the Lincoln instead of the Impala, because he didn’t have the keys to the Continental and he’d have to hotwire it to get that bathtub of a car moving. Also, all of the Novaks’ belongings were in Cas’ car, so at least there was no risk of Claire asking about the boxes during the drive out of Tulsa, or maybe even noticing her last name written on the side of every single box.
"We'll try to talk to Cain first." Even Dean couldn't ignore the lack of confidence in his words, but he said them anyway. "And if that doesn't work..." It hurt to even think about it, but he forced his voice not to waver, held back the nausea that was suddenly trying to crawl its way up his throat as best as he could.
Claire sat up quickly, as soon as she noticed the angel standing in the doorway. She pulled the earbuds out of her ears, not even bothering to pause her music, her eyes a little wide, body suddenly stiff and tense. She seemed unsure what to say at first, but eventually, she finally settled on a not-exactly-friendly, “What do
He would not have a choice, however, as much as he had been trying to avoid that idea for months now. If his Grace came to dangerously low levels, if the strain caused by the Mark proved to be indeed too much, he would have to go through with that plan, no matter what, because Metatron was the only one who could tell him the location of his Grace.
Castiel simply ignored him and kept walking. Something was pulling him toward the man on the ground, and although he had no idea what that was exactly, he really didn’t have the strength to fight it. He didn’t—
“No, I was home yesterday.”
Cas seemed to get the message easily enough, and there was no question in his eyes when he pulled away from Dean's cock. The angel wasted no time, too, quickly crawling back over the hunter's body and lifting a hand to grab a big tuff of hair on the back of the human's head, pulling him into a rough, hungry kiss. Dean could taste himself on the angel's tongue, and he moaned lowly at that realization, letting his own hands wander, grabbing at the angel's clothes and wishing that he could touch skin. So he moved them lower, letting them snake under the angel's shirt, and he sighed against Cas' mouth when his palms finally pressed against warm, delicious skin, grabbing and touching every inch of it he could find, as though mapping it all out.
A burst of pain in his head—much more real, and absolutely impossible to ignore—had him shouting out in alarm, and he gritted his teeth together, recovering enough of his motor functions to raise his hands up to his head so that he could grip at his hair.
. I remember those far too clearly.”
He felt Sam tense up in his arms, and without even being able to actually see his face Dean already knew he'd caught his brother completely off guard, a thought that was confirmed barely a moment later when Sam abruptly pulled away from him, which made Charlie let go of him as well. And when Dean finally caught sight of his brother's face, what he saw there was no surprise to him—shock mingled with something very close to awe flooded Sam's eyes, but there was something else in there too, something even heavier and that Dean couldn't quite name.
“We’re not doing that anymore,” she replied, shaking her head lightly. “It’s true. There are just too many results. I’ll have to try and narrow it down even more.”
unhelpful, because Dean had no way to know
“This is bad, Cas,” the words left his mouth in a muffled whisper against the side of the angel’s throat, his voice pained and weak, shaking with the effort to speak, but that didn’t stop him, because he had to get this out, “We shouldn’t have gone after Cain. I shouldn’t have killed him. The Mark…” His voice gave out on him then, and he didn’t fight the silence this time.
“Dean,” Cas breathed out, his hand shooting up to grab at the hunter’s, his grip tight and almost desperate. He looked around, and seemed confused to spot Crowley sitting a few feet away, but paid the demon no mind as he turned back to the human, eyeing Dean like he was expecting to find him hurt, eyes darting all over the hunter’s body, probably looking for wounds.
The words sounded final, the silence that followed heavy, and Dean took that as his cue to end the call.
“Dean,” Cas caressed his hand lightly over his arm, “You will never touch that Blade again. I’ll make sure of it.”
“Okay, so, you two met an angel almost seven years ago, he stuck around for a bit, and eventually you became friends with him.
The words hung in the air for only a short moment until they made sense. Slowly, Castiel nodded in agreement. He understood it then.  “Can you find it?” he asked quietly, “Do you think you could track it somehow?”
Instead, I'm just going to fix that awful, ridiculous mess. Okay? Yes. Okay.
They spent the next twenty minutes walking around that store, looking for something that Claire might like. Her birthday had been a few weeks ago, before the whole mess in Tulsa, and for some reason, Cas really wanted to get her a present, because of course he did. Why the angel thought he would find something for Claire in freaking Hot Topic of all freaking places, though, Dean really didn’t understand, but when the hunter had pointed that out to him, Cas had simply replied that, 'according to his research, the
It was already dark by then, the night having just started, and honestly, he was already feeling pretty tired.
The sight did the very opposite of soothing Dean's mind.
Much to Dean’s dismay, Cas was the one to pull away first and end that truly marvelous moment so that he could clean up the mess they’d made and cover them both with the duvet that they’d apparently kicked away at some point. Dean whined unhappily when that happened, but it was all worth it once the angel was pressed up against Dean again, placing his head onto the hunter’s naked chest and wrapping his arms around the human, sighing contently as their legs tangled together beneath the covers.
When he was sure he wouldn’t lose his balance again and fall to the floor (which maybe wouldn’t be so bad, really, because then they would be lying down, and Dean was very much on board with that turn of events), Dean responded to Cas’ kiss with just as much enthusiasm as he could, once again letting his tongue slide into the angel’s mouth, gasping for air but not for one moment leaning away to breathe properly because they hadn’t kissed like this, dirty and hungry, teeth scraping together and lips actually feeling like they would be bruised after this, for freaking weeks. Dean honestly couldn’t get enough of this right now.
Angels.
actually—but Sam understood where that came from too. He was angry at his father about that, because it had been solely his fault that Dean had felt the need to hide this in the first place, but what could he do about it now? John had been dead for years, so it wasn’t like he could yell at him now or something.
Cas came to a halt right beside him, his heavy breathing matching Dean’s, but instead of just standing there like Dean was doing, staring down at the lake in awe, Cas chose to lie down onto the grass, lowering his massive, fur-covered body heavily onto ground.
“Fuck, Cas…
“No,” Dean finally replied, “I mean, if he gets worse, yeah, of course. But for now, I think… I think we can try to get a little more work done over here.”
Well, that did explain what'd happened back in that alley—or at least the absolutely excruciating pain he'd felt in his head, anyway.
Jody paused, once again looking like she was struggling to wrap her head around what she'd just heard. “Oh, wow, that… that does explain why Claire seems so angry.”
“Hello, Jody,” Cas replied in that low, gravelly voice of his, giving the sheriff a small, polite nod.
“It’s just a freaking kid, Cain.” And of course Dean was thinking about his own kid when he said it, the one that wasn’t even completely formed yet, resting in his womb in that very moment, completely innocent, completely oblivious to everything that was happening around it. With this logic, he knew Cain would kill it too if he knew the truth simply because the baby was Dean's, just as Heaven would kill it simply because it was a nephilim.
to forget about them. His past self might disagree, but after over a month of thinking this whole nightmare of a situation over and considering all the possible outcomes that he could come up with, he’d eventually come to the conclusion that he’d rather not know the truth. It just wasn’t worth the risk, and he’d much rather save himself from going through that kind of pain. He just didn’t think he could take any more heartbreak.
she was looking at him like that, he simply asked, “The last time Cas died, do you know what Dean did?”
He ran into three more people after that, even if he used the emergency stairs to get to the ground floor, but fortunately he managed to dodge every single one of them just like he’d done with the others—and
“John?” Bobby asked, lowering his gun, taking in the sight of red-rimmed eyes, pale skin, an overgrown beard and dark bags under the man’s eyes. His hair was a mess, too, and in clear need of a wash, shiny and greasy like it hadn’t seen water in
It would also be so much easier to search the town with Gabriel providing instant transportation to anywhere they needed to go, but the archangel was currently preoccupied with keeping the entirety of Heaven busy and far away from them, as well as keeping an eye out for the Stynes, so they couldn't exactly rely on him. And if they really,
But unlike Karen, Dean wasn’t dead—no, he was still alive, even if Bobby didn’t know
“Hi,” she said. “I’m the smart one in the family, clearly.”
The angel delivered one last small caress to the hunter's cheeks with the pads of his thumbs, before letting his hands fall to his sides. And then he was pulling away from Dean completely, turning on his heels and stepping away from the human without another word, clearly heading for the door, making his intention to leave the room painfully obvious.
But when the door opened, the person Dean found standing right in front of him wasn’t Jody.
“Which are?”
Yeah, Dean really hadn't expected a different answer, but he just wanted to make sure. It wouldn't make sense for these hybrids to actually feed the Novaks while they were keeping them here, locked up in these cells, because then they would need to keep giving them dead man's blood regularly, to keep them weak and tame, to make sure they wouldn't be strong enough to bend those iron bars enough to escape, or break the locks on those cells. It would be much easier to just starve everyone, which was apparently what they were doing here.
“Dean, you need to calm down,” Cas’ gentle, warning voice echoed from behind the hunter, but Dean chose to ignore the angel’s plea. He knew he couldn’t get worked up like this, of course, but it wasn’t like he could actually help it, like he had any control over the unruly storm of emotions currently swirling around inside his brain.
it was happening.
They laid Cas down onto the bed gently, and Dean was quick to sit down beside him. The angel seemed to be just on the verge of unconsciousness, so Dean was actually surprised when Cas’ hand shot up to grip his arm, pulling the human forward and even closer. The seraph’s blue eyes were wide and unfocused, but after a moment they finally seemed to settle on Dean’s face, and his hold on the human’s arm grew even tighter, more desperate.
He needed to get out of here.
“I removed the bullet, or else you’d be in quite a bit of pain right now. Trust me—taking a bullet out of your head with your own bare hands is
done it. And he wasn't a full angel; he was still mostly human, so maybe he could break free from the handcuffs if he tried hard enough.
At those thoughts, Sam settled for another question that had also been bothering him instead, “So they can actually track Dean without the necklace?”
So please accept this 53k words long chapter as my apology for not posting a chapter in over two months.<3 ;)
Dean pressed his lips together, swallowing again. He forced the corner of his lips to quirk up in what turned out to be a weak, unconvincing smile. “I’m too old for that shit, and you know that.” He’d tried for a joking tone, but it fell flat, his words sounding empty and dull.
“Yeah. Dean and Cas, they’re… they’re bound. It’s an angel thing, really, and it’s kinda hard to explain, but what you need to know from that is that Cas’ power—his
Since he no longer needed to worry about having his head separated from his body, Dean finally had the chance to take care of his most pressing wound. Without letting himself think too much about it, he held his breath and grabbed the metal beam with both hands, pulling it out of his flesh as quickly as he could. It hurt coming out just as badly as it’d hurt going in, and he let out a low, pained grunt once the damn thing was finally free, then dropped it to the floor. It clattered loudly against the linoleum, and he winced, deciding that he should probably wait for that wound to heal a bit before he tried standing up.
all true—I’m not going to lie to you, Castiel,” he admitted, though he didn’t sound happy to be speaking at all, “But it’s not all there is, either. I know that you feel on edge, that it seems like you’re not actually in control of your own body most of the time, especially when you’re hungry, but it’s not always like that. If you start drinking from blood bags, if you feed often enough and partake in a… healthy diet, I assure you that everything you’re feeling right now will go away. You won’t black out like that anymore. You won't lose yourself to your instincts again. You’ll be fully in control, and you won’t have to
Bobby lifted an inquiring eyebrow at him, “Isn’t it?”
"But he will get better, right?" the hunter asked, voice weak and almost pleading. "I mean, all this pain that he's feeling because of... because of his...
When it was time for them to leave, letting go of Ben was truly one of the hardest things Dean had ever done in his life. Ever since the day Ben had been born, ever since the first time Dean had held him back in that hospital room, just a little baby, whining and frowning and barely even able to open his eyes to look up at Dean just yet, this tiny, fragile thing that had had Dean smiling down at him nonstop, completely mesmerized and awestruck for hours to no end, until a nurse had to practically pry the baby out of his arms when it was time for Ben to get fed, Dean had never been away from the boy for over a week.
“How did you find out?”
"That's why he didn't...
There wasn’t time for idle conversation, as the pain coming from his Grace was quick to tell him, so Castiel went straight to the point. “Where’s Dean?”
He didn’t seem too impressed by it, though, and he let out a tiny scoff, shaking his head at her. “You know, you’re bordering on actual paranoia at this point, Mother.”
And now that another weird incident had happened close to their other case, they had thought it prudent to check it out. The reasons why the two cases could be related, of course, were not supposed to be shared.
Cas turned his head to the side to glance at Dean once more, snapping his attention back to the hunter as the angel seemed to come back from whatever place he had gone to inside his head, giving the human a look that clearly told him to go on, even though he didn’t say anything.
“Saginaw, Michigan,” he started. “Seven people went missing three years ago. Six bodies were found—two completely drained of blood, four with their inside all burnt up. One person’s still missing, but everyone thinks his disappearance didn’t have anything to do with all those weird deaths. They think he just ran away.”
Also, this chapter is a pretty special one to me. It introduces something I'm at the same time super excited and very,
Part of Dean was curious about what everyone’s reaction had been, while another part of him ached at the mere thought of it. His heart felt heavy inside his chest as he wondered if his family might be looking for him right now, if they were
“I know,” Dean breathed out a heavy, tired sigh, but the tension in his muscles remained, even as the Mark seemed to quiet down a little, probably thanks to Cas. He took in a deep breath, deciding that worrying about what might happen wouldn’t do him any good, so instead he chose not to think about it right now. Instead, he chose to focus on something else, “Crowley knows, though.”
She gestured widely at him with the hand that was still holding her now empty shot glass, “Pregnant.”
, a little bit of gore and a few
And so that was what Castiel did.
Jody nodded again, pursing her lips. She lifted her beer bottle up to her mouth and drank from it carefully, slowly, like she was considering what question she wanted to let out next.
“Well, that’s... that’s handy.”
They left the house quickly after that, Sam supporting his weight on Dean as they walked, his body weak because of the blood loss, the codex gripped tightly in his gigantic hands, like he feared it might vanished if he let it go. Cas’ arm wound up around Dean’s waist, silently offering him support if the human needed it, and like that the three made their way back to the car.
to this, probably because he still had no idea what was even
He immediately knew where he was.
But of course, Dean had no idea where the dude was exactly, and he absolutely hated that. The guy was probably laughing at him, too, if he really was just glaring at empty space. Maybe he thought Dean was crazy, too.
Jack shook his head. “No, that’s… that’s not it. When souls arrive in the Empty, they’re all asleep—even the ones that came from all those other worlds. It’s very rare that they actually wake up, so that wouldn’t be enough to… to distract the Shadow.”
Tamiel (the Grigori) and Amelia Novak die in this chapter. I'm aware that those are precisely the two deaths that actually happened in 10x20, but I feel the need to warn everyone that Amelia's death happens differently here. That whole situation got dragged out a bit, which made it a whole lot more emotional and sad than it already was in the episode, including Claire's reaction to it, so be prepared for a whole lot of guilt, anger and tears.
And once he seemed to realize that Dean wouldn't say anything, Cas continued, "Being… incorporeal beings, existing as nothing more than... celestial energy is a trait that pretty much defines angels, that even characterizes us as a species. But that no longer applies to me. And to balance that change, another one just as big and...
was different. Of course, he knew simply thinking about that wouldn't change anything or make anything better in any way, wouldn't actually fix any of their problems at all, but he couldn't help but let his mind wander a bit. It was probably Gabriel’s fault, anyway, because the archangel had been the one to bring the whole other universes subject up when he’d brought Cas here, and that had spiked Dean's curiosity quite a lot.
Cas did as he was told—slowly at first, moving his finger carefully, pulling it back leisurely and pressing back into the hunter just as cautiously, like he was still afraid of hurting Dean, but his movements gradually grew more eager once the hunter began to let out a few sounds—varying from small, gentle gasps to tiny, low whimpers, depending on how the angel moved his finger. Cas simply tested those movements out for a while, keeping up a slow but steady pace, until the pain finally faded completely and Dean told him to add another finger, which the angel hurried to do. Cas experimented folding his fingers at one point, and Dean saw actual freaking
Instantly his mind went back to three nights ago, when Cas had laid his hand over his stomach, as he had been doing pretty often lately. Dean did it sometimes, too, but there was always hesitance when he did it. Sometimes it still felt like too much for him. For Cas it seemed like it didn’t, though, because the angel really seemed to be making an habit of falling asleep with his hand resting there.
“What the
No, this was him and Cas having a baby. This was Dean carrying their
The girl was still waiting, so he decided to just guess a low number and pray it was close enough to his own situation. “A little over a month,” he decided.
Cas turned his head to focus his eyes back on Alex, finally looking away from Claire. He nodded slowly, carefully, looking just as calm as before. “Yes.”
to think that maybe his mate and child might not make it out of here alive tonight because of
But of course that hadn't been working out all that great for him.
The house was empty, just like every day Dean got home from school. Sam had a lot of extra clubs and activities that he participated in every single day of the week, because he was a good little nerd and all, so he wouldn’t be home until a couple hours later. And their parents were still at work—John at the garage, and Mary at the mental health clinic where she worked as a psychologist.
He swallowed a few times, clearing his throat and somehow managing to force the question out of his lips, “What… What happened then?”
wanted him to do—was have a taste, just… just a small, harmless little taste…
Awesome.
And although it might sound weird and not make much sense, the worst part of being completely alone in the Bunker was that he didn’t feel the need to hole up in his room all day, to just hide away from the rest of the world, because now he could wander around freely, without the worry of running into either Sam or Eileen and having to actually
“Hey, Sam,” Dean did everything he could to sound natural, though he couldn’t help but sound a little sheepish. He knew Sam was seconds away from bursting into a yelling parade, he knew his brother well enough that he was already wincing in expectation.
And part of him wanted to argue—to tell Cas that it wasn’t the angel's fault, that it was actually his own, because he'd been the one to try and fight the Stynes in the first place, so none of what had come after that would have happened if Dean han't fucked up in the first place, but the human couldn’t find the strength to do it. He couldn’t quite bring himself to start up that argument right now, because he knew Cas wouldn’t just accept that, just as Dean wouldn’t let himself be convinced that the angel was to blame for any of this. And Dean knew that neither of them was actually up for a discussion of that sort right now, so he just let it go, deciding they could talk about this later, when Cas didn’t look just about to pass out again at any second.
Again, Dean didn’t answer; didn’t even bother to look up at the Styne, instead letting his gaze focus on the wall behind the desk, though he couldn’t quite stop clenching his hands in response to the Mark, which was still burning on his arm, demanding that Dean bashed the dude's skull into his own freaking head with his fists. Honestly, it didn't seem like such a bad idea.
“I’m fine,” Cas insisted, although he looked anything but. “Did it work?”
“You see, dear, vampires don’t actually turn into a pile of ash when they come out in the sun,” Rowena explained, “But they aren’t completely immune to it, either. They get some sort of… sunburn from direct daylight, so they usually only come out at night—not because they’ll die otherwise, but because it’s pretty bothersome for them. While the sunburn won’t kill them, it’s still uncomfortable, and I hear it stings quite badly. You, however, aren’t bothered by the sun at all, thanks to your werewolf side. It does absolutely nothing to you.”
“Cas, we have a deal with Rowena,” Dean said. “Or, well, we had one, anyway. I don’t even know what’s gonna happen anymore, if the deal still stands. But back then, calling Crowley could have upset her, or make her not want to work with us anymore—not want to
And Dean could only assume both his tiredness and his worry must be pretty obvious, because while they had been over at Sam’s house, it wasn’t hard to tell that everyone knew something was up. Many times throughout the day, it really had seemed like someone would say something, inquire about what was very clearly bothering Dean, or maybe even why he looked so tired. But fortunately, no one actually said anything, though Dean assumed he should thank Ben for that. They might have asked Dean about it if his son hadn’t been there, running around the house and popping up in the living room from to time to time completely unpredictably.
Cas relaxed visibly at those words, shoulders sagging at his sides. He nodded slowly, and the angel actually sounded relieved when he replied, “I will. Thank you, Sam."
Honestly, Dean hadn’t actually planned on talking any more tonight. He was tired, his eyelids growing heavier with every second that passed, drooping insistently over his eyes as his mind became foggier by the minute. After a while, he finally gave in to it, allowing his eyes to close fully, feeling he was mere moments away from falling asleep, and he was pretty content with that.
His only spark of joy throughout those days—small as it may be—was Miracle.
His head was spinning too fast, his muscles were completely unresponsive and he had no idea where he was; all he knew was that he was falling and falling and he couldn't fucking—
gets undone, the door opens, and Amara is released back into this world.”
Dean watched as the worry in Sam’s eyes grew even more intense at those words, a sight that formed a painful knot in his own stomach. He hated that look, but he hated it even more that he had been the one to put it there.
: In this chapter, because of a spell meant to incapacitate him, Dean suffocates for several minutes, and he keeps saying over and over again that he can't breathe, until eventually he passes out. He will be fine, though, and so will the baby. It's really just a scare, but you guys know me by now—I don't hold back on the strong, heavy scenes.
That was, until they saw the Impala parked outside of a convenience store.
Dean chuckled at the response, moving his hands up to tug at the angel’s white dress shirt, doing a quick work of the buttons and gently shoving the garment off of the angel’s shoulders, and as soon as he was free from the shirt, Cas turned around in Dean’s arms, pulling the hunter forward by gripping the back of his head. Dean went with the movement willingly, without a moment of hesitation, and a pleased gasp jumped from his mouth when their lips finally clashed together.
Dean jumped at the sound, looking up at the bathroom door and catching sight of Cas standing there, watching him with a frown on his eyebrows, a worried look on his blue eyes. Dean hadn’t even heard the angel getting back, or even opening the bathroom door. The angel was by his side in only a moment, kneeling before the human and eyeing him like he expected to find a wound on him or something. Dean could feel the angel’s worry in waves, washing over him through the bond.
Dean poked at his thighs a few times, bent and unbent his knees, spun his ankles around, and finally, wiggled his toes a bit, feeling glad when he realized that everything seemed to be responding just fine.
But then why was this
“I woke up thinking I heard Dean call to me; felt him reach out to me through the bond, asking for help,” Castiel explained, carefully choosing his words as he spoke, “But he is not here, so I couldn’t tell what exactly that meant. And the bond is numb, weirdly so. It feels different than what it’s like when Dean is simply far away. And now…” He swallowed, shaking his head as he reminded himself once more that he could not explain to them exactly what he had just heard inside his head. He couldn’t tell them why exactly Heaven was coming for them; he couldn’t even mention it at all, in fact, if he wished to completely avoid suspicion. “There’s something wrong, and whatever happened, Dean reached out to me to ask for help before…” He shook his head again, “I’m not sure what, but whatever happened, I assume he might be unconscious. The bond feels too quiet now.”
However, he'd dropped that idea soon after it'd first crossed his mind, for two main reasons. One—blood bags weren't exactly easy to come by. It wasn't like he could just buy them somewhere or something, so if he wanted to drink from them, then he would need to
The kicked puppy expression on Cas’ face got even worse when the angel heard those words, and as freaked out as Dean was right now, his heart still clenched painfully at the sight. He shook his head, doing his best to try and force his mind to focus, to cooperate with him for just a moment, because he knew that his exasperated reaction was certainly not making Cas feel any better about this whole thing. It was clear that the angel was still blaming himself for this, and the hunter had to make sure Cas understood that Dean didn't think any of it was the seraph's fault, that he wasn't
Something inside of him told him that wolf was familiar, though, which he didn’t understand at first. His first instinct wasn’t to jump up to his feet—paws? How was he even supposed to say that now?—and tense up, readying himself for a fight. No, instead, he felt… calm, unbothered as that unknown wolf trotted over to where he and Cas were lying side by side on the grass, especially since Cas also seemed particularly unaffected by the newcomer.
Dean scoffed, tearing his gaze away from Sam, focusing his eyes on the big apple tree growing right at the center of his brother’s backyard. “Yeah, and there’s a pretty damn good reason for that.”
As he started filling his plate, he assumed his intention to not eat there at the table must have been obvious, probably because while he could do this sitting down, he chose to remain standing, so quickly enough Charlie spoke up.
But he kept going, of course, growing more and more anxious with every beat of his wings as he pressed forward and made his way through the Third Circle without even a single issue. And much to his surprise, Castiel soon found himself flying right into the Fourth Circle, which he quickly learned was exactly like the Third, identical even, so much that he wouldn't even have known that he'd gone down a level at all if the passage he'd gone through to get here hadn't been so obvious. Nothing happened while he flew through the Fourth and Fifth Circles, the latter being yet another copy of the Third, and when Castiel finally dove through the entrance to the Sixth Circle, he could barely believe he'd actually made it this far without another problem.
That night marked the first time Dean drank himself to sleep in five days, and although he wasn’t exactly proud of it, he just couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“But that’s not anything new. That was three months ago for me.”
And Jacob seemed very much aware of that.
“Dean…”
“What do you feel like, when she tries to convince you to drop out of the life? I know you get it—why she worries about you, why she tries so hard to change your mind. But you still do it. Why?”
“Dean, you can’t keep this crap from me,” Sam’s tone was almost bitter, his voice low and strained, “You can’t just handle this on your own.”
That particular thought had the tiny flame of anger that Dean had been feeling toward Jack ever since the day he’d left the hunter that damn note burning just a tad bit brighter inside his chest.
and because you and I are so closely bound now that I have my original Grace again, because the wound I received from Tamiel’s sword reached all the way down to my soul, an echo of it also manifested in you.”
“I never desired to mate,” Cas’ tone shifted, a clear change from earlier. His voice sounded tenser, but almost… tired, somehow. Dean didn’t quite understand why, so he simply waited in silence for Cas to elaborate, not wanting to push him more than he already had. “Most of us don’t. Mating without permission was forbidden, of course, and punished a lot more heavily than simply having sexual intercourse. The mated pairs were actually chosen by our superiors. They would ask the chosen pair whether they would accept to bond and create a fledging, claiming it was an honor to provide a new life for Heaven, although we could decline. It was one of the situations, the very limited ones, when we were ever given any choice.”
And without a single second of hesitation, before anyone could do anything about it, before Castiel could even
There was no response. Dean glanced into the room where Cas had been only a moment prior, and he found he couldn’t see Cas anymore—or Charlie, for that matter—but the hunter was in
Oddly enough, the air around them felt lighter, and Dean actually let himself bask in it a little. They had a possible lead for both the Mark and Cas’ Grace now, and adding that to what he and Cas had gotten up to earlier, well, he was pretty sure he was entitled to be in a better mood, even if some of the night’s events hadn’t been so pleasant.
But he would make it up to them. He would do everything in his power to make this better, to redeem himself somehow.
as the angel moved his hand once, twice,
Cas seemed to have reached the same conclusion as Dean, because suddenly his lips were occupied again, pressing kisses to every single inch of skin they could find on Dean’s neck. “I believe so, yes.” He sounded a little breathless, and the rushed tone in his voice had Dean smiling lightly.
him there?” He was pretty sure a few sobs broke his words halfway through. And that his voice probably broke, too. That whole scene had probably been pretty pathetic and sad, come to think of it. He was kinda glad that he couldn't really remember it, thinking back on it now.
"I sure hope so," he muttered in response.
Cas didn’t look convinced, so Dean reached out, tugging at the front of the angel's shirt and pulling him forward, and fortunately the seraph didn't resist, instead letting himself be moved easily, allowing his body to lean toward the hunter. Dean cupped the angel's face when he was close enough, placing a gentle kiss to the seraph's mouth, then another, and then one more, letting their lips brush together slowly, lazily, hoping that would be enough to show Cas that he wasn't angry, that he didn't resent the angel for this in any way.
“Dean, don’t.” Dean closed his mouth at the strong tone of Cas’ voice, eyebrows rising in surprise. The angel's voice lost the edge when he spoke again, though, growing softer as he said, “I am more than capable of accompanying you on a case, Dean.”
As angry as Dean felt at Gabriel in that moment, though, something still didn’t feel right here, and the hunter couldn’t exactly brush that feeling off.
At least he didn’t feel like passing out or throwing up anymore, so that was a plus.
Fuck, he needed to get out of here. He needed to be alone, to get some air and try to clear his head enough so that he could fucking
Ignoring the clear annoyance in Cas' voice, Gabriel leaned back on his seat again. “Now, first things first, I’m pretty sure you guys want to know about the nephilim situation.”
after that hunt, so he definitely shouldn’t be sitting behind a wheel right now, but if it meant that he could get away from Sam’s unrelenting questioning and Eileen’s concerned, far-too-intense looks, maybe it would be worth it. And he could always just drive for an hour and stop in any random, back-of-the-woods town that he came across to get some sleep, if he really needed to. That would work, too.
Dean didn’t respond—couldn't find the words to, really. Instead, he finally swallowed back his reservations about moving and lifted his head from Cas' chest, ignoring the by now considerably weaker pain that made itself known in his shoulder blades when he did it, glancing over his left shoulder at his two brand new wings, which still rested unmoving on top of the bed right behind him. Keeping Cas' words in the forefront of his mind, the hunter took in the sight of the wounded appendages, paying more attention to the pattern of their colors this time, examining the way the very light shade of golden at the top of the wings gradually became darker and darker the closer you got to the lower portions of them, until finally their color started to change to copper. The tips of the bigger feathers at the bottom of the wings—they were the... flight feathers, right? Dean was pretty sure that's what they were called—displayed the darkest shade of copper Dean could see, though the same feathers earned a lighter color near the top. The feathers right above them carried a much softer shade of the same color, and the same happened with the ones right above those, until finally their color changed to golden.
Dean's confused frown deepened. What the hell was Cas talking a—
“The night we first properly met, years ago, I told you something I sensed about you even back then, even without truly knowing you at all—that you didn’t think you deserved to be saved, and I was right about that.”
They also bought dinner in town, because as tired as they all were, they were also pretty much starving, as they hadn’t stopped for food on the way at all.
Now, wolves didn’t smile, Dean knew that, but he had no other way to describe the look he found on Cas’ face, the happy spark the hunter could see in his eyes as he stared at Dean. He almost looked
And what he found himself holding was definitely not what he’d expected to see.
Charlie also looked pretty unsure, and she bit her lip, considering the angel’s request for a beat, but in the end, she, too, ended up nodding in agreement. “Of course, Cas.”
The past tense wasn’t enough to make Dean’s hope deflate this time. This was something. “Okay,” He nodded lightly, “Did she happen to… write it down?”
There is one strong scene in this chapter, and just as I did in the last chapter, the beginning and end of that scene are in bold, and there's a more detailed warning about it down in the end notes. There is another strong mention of the Mark's illusions throughout the chapter, but that's only a few paragraphs long and that entire part is in italic, if you want to skip it as well.
“You’re lucky you’re pretty,
Dean gritted his teeth at the implications of Gabriel’s words, but still offered him a slow, tense nod.
“They gave me something,” he provided, his voice growing urgent, because maybe that fact might shed some light on his clinical condition; maybe that was the missing piece of the puzzle that Hannah needed to hear to be able to understand his test results and figure out how to proceed from here. Castiel wasn’t sure if it would help—his thoughts were far too chaotic and messy for him to draw his own conclusions about this—but he had to try. “An injection.”
, because he’d noticed that walking and jogging on four legs was a lot like driving. If he simply didn’t think too much about what he was going, if he simply let his body call the shots and move as it wanted to, things went pretty smoothly. But if he overthought every little thing he did, he was bound to make a mistake.
mean?”
Cas seemed to mull it all over in his head for a moment. “Did you visit to the scene where the man was attacked?”
Charlie still didn't seem convinced. She eyed him for a moment, clearly unsure, and it wasn't hard to tell that there was something bothering her.
So Dean dropped that train of thought, and eventually he caught his mind drifting toward the topic he knew should be in his mind more often now, but for some reason it just seemed to be escaping him completely since they’d gotten here.
Well, wasn’t that… bold of her.
Dean didn’t make a move to unclothe the angel this time, even if his clothes were covered in blood. He remembered very vividly what that had led to last time, and he would rather not test his luck by doing it again. Cas might take it the wrong way, and that was the last thing Dean needed right now.
it was hard to do that, to keep his mind at least a tiny bit rational for the seconds it took for him to lift his body and move his hand down, placing it on Cas' shoulder so that he could push lightly at it in a silent warning, wordlessly asking the angel to stop what he was doing.
And even farther away, standing near the closed wooden door that seemed to be the only way out of that big, cramped room, Castiel could see a man he didn't recognize. The unknown man was wearing a fancy black suit with a black shirt underneath it, an equally dark tie dangling from his neck. His posture was stiff, tense, his arms crossed over his chest. He had a meticulously trimmed beard and dark, heavy eyes, the look on his face unnerving and very obviously unfriendly.
"They're all dead," Sam replied, "I mean, the ones who were in that house, anyway. There... there are more of them out there, apparently."
“Cas, I… I actually…”
So deciding that particular matter was dealt with for the time being, Dean tore his eyes away from the angel and turned his head to the side again. His muscles were barely even hurting now, although there was still this dull, annoying ache that lingered in his entire body, like he was still sore, still plagued by the echoes of the horrible pain he'd been subjected to when he'd first woken up.
It had taken Sam hours to ask that question, although those exact words had been bouncing around in his mind nonstop since earlier when Cas had first told him about Dean’s pregnancy.
when Anna got that call from this hospital, we were also
“You know,” the hunter whispered, a dopey smile curling his lips. His breathing was still a little heavy, his heart racing wildly inside his chest, matching Cas' own frantic heartbeat. The angel's heart was hammering so strongly against his ribcage that Dean could feel it against his palm. “I’m pretty sure that made the Top #5. Seriously.”
“You wanna watch something?” Charlie piped up after a while.
Dean kneeled on the bed, gripping the waistband of Cas’ boxers in his hands and pulling them off. He couldn’t help but licking his lips in anticipation at the sight of Cas’ hardened length, leaking and just begging for attention. Dean almost felt bad for letting Cas give him a hand job when the angel had been so desperately needing some attention too, but he was about to make them even right now.
to ask Sam how he was doing, and while that entire conversation had been pretty awkward and tense, it'd still made Sam feel a little warmer inside. And then Dean had called again only a couple weeks later, this time to tell his brother about this insane hunt he’d worked recently, which apparently included a giant, suicidal teddy bear and the freaking Hulk.
Dean didn’t look up from the plate he was currently drying, as though rubbing a cloth against it to get rid of all the water required a tremendous amount of concentration, when really, he just didn’t feel ready to meet Jody’s eyes just yet.
Cas didn’t even hesitate to reply, “Of course I do.”
He swallowed, shaking his head again, still struggling to clear his thoughts.
world,” Jack clarified. “From all the others, no, there are angels, demons, humans, monsters—it’s… it’s really a mess over there.”
Dean nodded numbly, swallowing drily as he thought about everything he'd just heard. It did make sense now that he thought about it—the explanation that Cas had given him all those years ago, saying that Heaven had initially rescued him in hopes that they could stop the First Seal from being broken at all, was a lot more believable than the truth, a lot easier to digest. Dean knew for a fact that he wouldn't have been as willing to be Heaven's little puppet for as long as he had if Cas had told him right away that Heaven had actually rescued him
The amulet.
, really. “I didn’t mean it like that. I apologize. I… I simply meant that not everyone would actually be able to… to push all of our differences aside like you’ve been doing these past few days and just…
So, who's ready for Dean with an adorable little baby bump?<3 :)
After the call was done, Dean started to gather the things from the table to put the unused ingredients where they had been stored and throw away what was left and could no longer be used, as well as clean the bowl, but he didn’t get to do much more than separate the ingredients that could be saved from the ones that couldn’t before Cas emerged from the hallway. There was a clear brightness in the angel’s eyes, a lightness to his steps that already had Dean feeling way more hopeful than he probably should without even knowing what Hannah had said.
he got no response, not even some flashing of the fucking lights to make him feel better, or less crazy, at least.
And on the far end of the room, he found exactly what he was looking for—a computer with a sign glued to the wall right above it that said:
