. The memory deserved a special place in his mind-palace.)
Later that evening, when both were sprawled on the couch- their bellies heavy with food and their moods relaxed and satiated- Sherlock remembered the present that he got especially for moments like these.
“I’ll do without any criticism, thank you very much. If I’m having a semi sleepless night, I’ll might as well embrace it.”
“It’s gonna be alright, little guy, I promise. We got this, you and me.”
That had to be worth something, surely?
He heard Sherlock sigh in his ‘must you ask so inane questions’-manner and a door fell shut.
for him, right in that moment.
John gave him a weak smile despite himself, before he cleared his throat, trying to bring his chaotic thoughts in order. The alcohol and empty stomach made him slightly drowsy. Maybe he was a little bit drunk. Nothing to worry about, though, he held his liquor well.
The silence stretched and thickened, until the DI figured that he’d be the one to take charge of the situation. ‘Right, time to work with some Dad tricks,’ Greg thought to himself.
John had his face half-buried in a pillow and peeked at Sherlock warily. The genius immediately recognized that John was coiled tight like a spring; anxious energy radiating off his posture. His body, despite the comfortable position it should be in, was moving constantly, unable to relax.
“I think I need some assistance, so I won’t make a green smoothie by accident,” Greg stood and held his hand out for John to take. It was that moment when John allowed himself to fully let go.
And it was
The cab driver honked for the second time, clearly getting impatient.
“But I was…” Here, the doctor bit his lips to refrain from saying ‘bad’ again, blushing momentarily at the reminder that despite the conversation, he wasn’t very far away from slipping back down. Sherlock noticed, too.
“Anything I can do to help?”
John turned, to bury his face against Sherlock’s stomach and let out a single, quiet sob into the expensive dress-shirt. John had been hesitative when it came to bodily contact; always had been but it had worsened with the betrayal. This was way out of the extend of their usual points of contact; this was close, and new, and intimate.
“He, uh, he asked for you.” Greg leaned against the door to the guest bedroom heavily, making enough noise for John to hear that he was nearby. He had the itching suspicion his friend would appreciate the sentiment.
“I know.”
A… bath?
“Well, it’s true,” John continued, voice quivering a little in frustration. He had just begun to feel fine while being little around Greg and now his own clumsiness made him doubt everything again. It was like suddenly, the elephant on his shirt morphed into the real thing and sat heavily on his chest. It was constricting and overwhelming- and he really, really missed Daddy. The realization almost knocked the air out of his lungs.
and knowing what it
Always the over-achiever, the popular one in school and with the girls- John Watson, everybody’s golden boy: rugby captain, valedictorian in medical school,
His expression was enough to file Sherlock in on all the details. John was slightly tipsy, not drunk per se, and more drawn to emotional extremes in his disinhibited state (a trait of intoxicated John that Sherlock came to know fairly early into their friendship). John was also clearly anxious and ashamed about the quarrel they shared earlier that day; a sentiment that Sherlock whole-heartedly related to.
“Sherlock, what the fuck are those?” the doctor asked before his partner could get another word in- gesturing to the package innocently lying on the floor. He then realized he was still clutching the teddy and dropped it to the kitchen table, another wave of embarrassment hitting him hard.
“Hug?” he asked instead of answering. He felt instantly less lost when he was hugged tightly, the familiar smell of Greg’s cologne and pancakes clinging to the older man’s shirt calmed him. He rubbed his cheek against the spot of flour on his friend’s collar from their earlier flour fight.
The detective held his breath as he felt the muscles of John’s abdomen tighten underneath his palm. As with almost everything regarding ‘little’ things, John was most likely fighting an internal battle between accepting the comfort and being ashamed by it. Usually- considering they hadn’t really delved into all the depths of age-play yet- it was a quiet battle, where John could rationalize his desires to an extent that allowed him to enjoy them.
Again, Sherlock was, by no means, completely inept in the sentiment department; he knew more about feelings than the people around him gave him credit for. He just usually didn’t care about them enough to let them interfere with his day-to-day life.
Sherlock crossed the room immediately and wasted no more precious time. He wrapped his little doctor in a tight hug, tugging John’s head safely underneath his chin, letting him bury his face against the familiar fabric of Sherlock’s scarf.
From the days and weeks John had spent here with him on Greg’s uttermost insistence after Sherlock’s “death” (He had been pretty worried for John’s health and sanity for the first couple of months), Greg was well accustomed to John’s complicated relationship with sleep.
‘Hi Daddy. Everything okay?’
Right after the confession, John hurriedly hid his face, as if Sherlock would now think much less of him for it.
Sherlock had always refrained from checking up on John after an episode, thinking the sentiment was not very welcome.
“…no,” John felt his face flush and he lowered his gaze, to where his fingers were clutching the blanket.
Sherlock lifted John’s face from his scarf and gave him a look, which he hoped was stern enough for John’s conscious to be mollified, but open enough to make John see that he felt out of his depth. It was unfamiliar, being vulnerable, having to admit your own helplessness. Sherlock didn’t like it. But that also didn’t really matter.
Which, when you thought about it, was a completely reasonable assumption when it came to Sherlock. He wasn’t hiding his ticks very well in moments like these.
John nodded, more to himself than to agree with Sherlock’s statement, it seemed.
He caught Sherlock’s hand before he was out of the door. Said Sherlock stared at it in mild bewilderment.
“You don’t have to-“
He was at John’s side in a flash, wrapping himself around his partner- who was shaking and fighting off his headspace with all of his might- like a blanket, hoping to create a cocoon of warmth around them.
“I really want to trust you.”
And, oh, how it struck him, as he watched in almost slow-motion of his partner’s face scrunched up in an effort to keep the unshed tears gathering in his eyes from falling, how he scrubbed violently over his face but it was no use- they spilled and drip, drip, dripped against his cheeks all the way down to his chin.
He had his job and since the case was a matter of ‘foreign politics’, he wasn’t included in its solving (which was
“What do you think you’re doing?” Greg asked, trying to sound strict but just came off as amused. “It’s bed-time, John.”
John cleared his throat, in an attempt to get rid of that longing in his heart.
“No?” No…. what?
Be a good Daddy, for John- the best Daddy he could be. And the best partner he could be. The best everything he could be- for John.
The cocoon looked defeated (and Greg wanted to coo some more). It not very subtly snuggled closer (and also not very subtly froze when the obscured pull-up made the tiniest of crinkling noises, Greg pretended not to have heard).
“I don’t know how it happened, I
And after all, they had some time to kill.
A heavy weight lifted itself off his mind. Now, he was seeing clear again.
“We never talked about-“
Instead of grasping it, John shuffled quietly past Sherlock, towards the sanctuary of the bathroom.
“I can see that,” came the brisk reply.
And the line was dead.
He had been walking slowly; Sherlock had taken the toll the colder weather took on his partner’s psychosomatic woes into account; presumed they were the reason why John was so damn slow on his feet.
the item, hurt Sherlock in a way he couldn’t really describe.
Sherlock sighed and pursed his lips, meeting John in a slightly more childish version of their usual goodbye-kiss, that made an adorable little ‘mwah’ sound at the end (here, Greg looked away to give them some privacy, but grinned to himself. Sherlock Holmes being all cute and tender, who would have thought?!).
He followed Greg’s shuffling steps to the guest bedroom silently. The DI lifted his hand to knock on the door, but paused, and turned, to look at Sherlock.
When Greg passed him to make himself another cup of coffee; John reached up instinctively, wrapping his arms tightly around the middle of a very surprised looking DI.
He couldn’t understand why he was so damn annoyed with John of all people- John didn’t dump them in the woods, John didn’t even complain now that he thought about it. John just shuffled behind him and said his name and was infuriating because he wasn’t like himself at all and-
The room was bathed in cold moonlight, illuminating the outline of a figure, hunched over on the bed, silently sobbing into its hands.
“Feel free to bring sandwiches.”
; so true that John’s chest burned yet he couldn’t stop crying.
There was no need to push it in the certain direction of…
Okay, now that was just… he wasn’t supposed to just let himself be snapped at like that, was he?
He sniffled and rubbed his cheek against the collar of Sherlock’s coat. Sherlock felt him stay there, simply inhaling his scent.
The little doctor was so enthralled by the curious story-worlds that he didn’t even mention the topic of nightmares or accidents again, as he curled in Sherlock’s waiting arms; out like a light as soon as Sherlock wrapped him up in a secure embrace.
“You really miss your Daddy, hm?”
Sherlock was shocked into silence by the sudden outburst. “John-“
“I miss you,” he stuttered between pitiful sobs, his voice wavering somewhere between big and little. “I miss you so much.”
Utterly terrifying.
“Of course, love.”
In pretended nonchalance, Greg reached for the remote and settled more comfortably against the cushions (he had the feeling he might be here a while) and flickered through the channels until he settled for a cheery-looking morning show. The chitter-chatter of the program and the soft tapping of rain against the windows provided a soothing background noise and the budding domesticity appeared to be on the right side of ‘enough to be comfortable, but not too much to be overwhelming’.
Sherlock snorted, but then gave Greg a small smile filled with gratitude.
“Of course, you’re not a baby. Everybody can have accidents. That doesn’t make you a baby.”
How he wished he wasn’t so pathetic and alone and how he wished that he wasn’t
John looked up at him like a frightened animal, drawing his knees more closely against his hunched over upper body, to protect himself from those analyzing eyes. Tears were still filling his eyes, making them appear big, and watery, and
He was
The wet pull-up reminded him vividly of his failures as a person, of his weaknesses, of
He didn’t even look up from his damn tablet, like it was the most normal fucking thing in the world. John stared at his friend, fighting the rising
“I’m not going until I know you’re okay, lovebug.”
He could be big. He was an adult.
He was drunk on the power, his own genius,
Sherlock’s heart leaped when he heard the title muttered in this gentle voice he quickly started to love. He probably should be fighting growing so attached to yet another part of John, but he was a lost cause. He fell in love with John a little bit more every day.
John also knew, on some level, that he should be angrier with Sherlock than he was. He had been…not very good to him. For… a long time.
He turned, slowly, and began calculating the moment his eyes rested on his partner, standing some feet away.
John Watson was having a bad day.
It wasn’t anything graphic, but the built-up was even making Greg feel heart-broken for poor Lion-dad. Sucked to be stabbed in the back like that. When poor little Lion-son was wandering around at the scene of the crime, Greg’s attention instantly switched to the little guy on the floor. John had taken a liking to the movie quickly, seemed to enjoy the catchy tunes and colorful animations. He had been shifting every now and again, snacking and playing with the bear in his lap absent-mindedly. When the fall was presented on screen, all movement suddenly stopped. It didn’t take a genius to piece together what John was thinking in that very moment and for a second, Greg felt awful for even suggesting this movie.
When the call was coming to an end (he could tell by the way John scrunched up his nose and his tone lost some of its enthusiasm), he ruffled the little doctor’s hair, so he wouldn’t feel so bad about it.
“Do you want some help?”
“Sherlock-“
3.) He still was little.
He wasn’t ready to give it up already; he barely had time to enjoy being little last night.
John opened his eyes at being addressed and just stared at Sherlock for some seconds. The battle between his headspaces had clearly picked up again and despite his insecurity, Sherlock knew that John was well on his way to allow himself to be little. He just needed a little push in the right direction and lots of encouragement once he got there.
“Thank you. I really appreciate your help.”
After a small eternity, John gave a final sniffle and nodded. “Please… but I don’t want to go alone…”
Carefully, Sherlock approached the bed; in need to make sure his deduction had been correct (he was rarely wrong but felt unsure after misjudging John’s state before)- it was an unlikely thing to happen, all things considered, but somehow Sherlock wouldn’t be surprised if his assumptions would be verified.
“I am nothing if not a protector of the helpless,” Sherlock stated, proudly. John smacked him on his bare bum.
they followed in their father’s footsteps and became a menace to decent society. After that, they became
“Agreed. Now get over here.”
“We solved it with the help of a ghost. How’s that going to go down?”
there. Not even
, there is no need for
feelings for John. Oh, he wanted it to be
“Do you feel loved and cared for?” he continued, solicitously.
“You sure of that?” the agent reiterated. “Think hard.”
I started to exit through the door but thought better of it. Taking another figurative breath, I dropped through the floor, experiencing the same mildly-staticky sensation as with the door. I grinned. This could actually be
John, his face flushed with battle, said, excitedly, “Back on Tattooqueen, I found a message on my droid 22-1B from Sherlock. He needs help fighting the empire! And, besides that, he’s...” He blushed just a bit. “He’s drop-dead
“You’re not. You’re a doctor. You believe in what you see.”
to point out. John gulped as Sherlock said, “At your wedding, I told Janine that I loved to dance but had no real outlet to do so. Recently, I decided to do something about it. Remember our dinner at that Middle Eastern restaurant a few months back?”
John grinned. What an endearing berk he’d married! “No, love,” he chuckled. “I’m just afraid that we’ll get too
“Mais, bien sûr!”
Both predator and prey collapsed bonelessly, John carefully avoiding the burnt areas of Sherlock’s skin by supporting himself on his forearms. Breathing as though they had just chased a criminal across London, Sherlock turned his head and uttered one of his most underrated understatements
“Yes, I noticed. I took full advantage of you. Your pregnancy test should be positive any day now,”   Sherlock deadpanned.
Oh, no.
enjoying the view of his completely-naked husband standing within an arm’s length of him. He was sorely tempted to reach out and pluck the luscious fruit dangling in front of his face, but mightily restrained himself. Sometimes, it’s best
“In here, Greg,” John yelled back. Sherlock could feel a sheet being pulled over his battered body. A light pat of sympathy and support fell on the shoulder. “I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John said as he tried to untie the bindings by touch alone. “I can’t see right now. I’ll untie what I can…”
by Mirajanihiggins
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, there are,
“Ohhh, John…John…take me in hand…”
John glanced from his comfortable chair by the fire to take in the brooding cloud of sadness hovering over the couch. Upon entering the room from work, he had divested himself of his jacket and bag, gratefully plopped himself down, and picked up the paper without even
Sherlock chuckled.
John was shaking with suppressed laughter. “You’re a menace,” he giggled.
now, John? “Let’s go fuck”? Sex doesn’t replace talking, you know.”
“Hah!” John crowed. “So they really
“Police! Hands in the air!” came a voice from outside the car.
Sherlock’s phone went off early. He answered it in typical fashion.
Agent Doyle nodded, impressed but trying not to show it. “Absolutely right, Mr. Holmes. What I don’t understand is, how you knew? You had
“John, what…
!” John shouted, recoiling angrily. “
“Good day, Miss Adler. I trust you’ve been doing well?” he asked blithely.
wrist when Sherlock tried to extricate his first arm from John’s steely grip.
, Sherlock.
“So, what about Sergei?” John chimed in. His left hand reflexively clenched.
“That’s what they do with it, actually,” Sherlock remarked, disdain dripping from his voice. “Eventually.”
Sherlock scowled most becomingly. John usually loved it when that deep line between his eyes manifested itself, but, in this case,…
“You have to
was the night-owl, not John, but the doctor at the ER had given Sherlock some pain medicine to help with the aches from a mild concussion he had been dealt by a gun butt to the face, one that had been wielded by a druglord with evil intentions. Not for the first time that night, John’s brain had returned to its cyclic course, reviewing all the ‘what ifs’ of the past day.
“I’m not French, arsehole.” With heat.
“It’s your room too, John,” came the muffled answer.
“Good idea. I take it you aren’t feeling as charitable toward the chair as the mattress?”
John flung a look over his shoulder, surveyed the tall figure in white, and hurried over to his nearby chair, from which he procured an old Union Jack pillow, before placing said pillow on a kitchen chair close to where Sherlock was standing. Sherlock grunted and positioned himself to sit down.
After several false starts, Lestrade stammered, “Yes, John Well, no, actually...you… you sounded like...like Sherlock.”
“Hmh,” I grunted in understanding. I was
“Oh, fuck, love…mmmm…that’s great, just like…uhhh…just like that…oh, baby…” John’s hands sought out the mass of curls beneath the sheet and ran through them, tightening spasmodically, which elicited moans from his lover. Sherlock had very sensitive follicles.
She turned her head to give him a dark-eyed stare. “Trying to save your marriage, you frickin’
? You haven’t answered his calls all night. He’s been calling
Sherlock looked over Sergei’s shoulder. The look on John’s face was one of mindless, impotent
? Whatever for?”
“As well as can be expected, I suppose, considering I find myself in a hospital bed with bandages around my head and no idea how I got here.”
“Sh-Sherlock,” John groaned, barely able to
Anthea looked up from where she was texting on her phone with a tight smile. “Home. Where else did you think you’d be going at this time of night?”
“No. They would be more insistent and would repeat the effort, and room service would knock more
player in our little game. I learned last time, to my distress, that you were able to play me and escape, possibly with help? I don’t know, but my employers made me
>>>***<<<
it, now?” He looked back at Sherlock, his expression heated. “Trying to take my daughter’s affections away from me now, Sherlock? Replacing me?”
“Sherlock…” John whispered, his voice shaking with suppressed emotion.
say,” she pouted, disbelievingly. “
“It was the number of times
“We’ll find her, John,” Sherlock assured him. “We just have to think like a child...”
Oh, please God, don’t let it be Sherlock delivering the eulogy. Oh, fuck, no. I’ll never live it down…
“Yeah, I can tell. Lestrade here. Listen, have you been getting involved in anything I should know about?”
Lestrade must have noticed. “John, is something wrong?”
Sergei paused for a moment, glaring down at John, before he released his neck and backhanded his face. “
He shook his head in irritation. How does everything come back around to Sherlock? He had a life apart from Sherlock once, and he could do it again. And yet...all those women...how had he screwed up those relationships? By putting them second to Sherlock, of course, the man he had demanded he was ‘not gay’ for time and time again. The man who was the best thing that had ever happened to him.
A movement in the kitchen caught his attention. Mrs. Hudson, true to her word, had brought up some sandwiches and treats and laid them on the table. She put up a finger to her lips and smiled. John smiled back and nodded in thanks. The landlady then withdrew from the flat, descending the stairs as quietly as she had mounted them.
Some shots from Imperial blasters hit the walls around them and they scattered to the sides.
allow that, military man that he was. However,
“To be able to sit somewhere in the shade and have a pint, like any respectable stakeout.”
sure about what it was
He turned and headed toward the bedroom. On his way, he almost bumped into Mrs. Hudson, who had mounted the stairs with a tray bearing a steeping pot of tea and two china cups. “Oh, John, I thought I heard you come in, so I brought up a cuppa for you and Sherlock...”
“So…how’s your back?”
almost achieve intelligence in there...” John chuckled to himself. “I’d exchange
“Yes. Perhaps I can work around the problem using the motor centers instead of the verbal ones.”
“Used any?” he pressed.
Sherlock nodded. “Her observational skills are highly refined, but I did
“I understand, dear, but
Finally, there was a commotion outside the door, which included further shouting from their next-door neighbor that he was going to kill the limey bastard inside. After a scuffle, the sounds of someone being dragged away could be heard, along with a high-pitched female voice from the hallway saying, “That’s what you deserve, you limp-dicked bastard!” before stomping off down the hall.
Long pale limbs were woven around his body like a spider around a fly. A dark, curly-haired head was burrowed deeply between his shoulder blades. Slow, regular breathing indicated someone securely in the arms of Morpheus.
time, though, he welcomed it, as it represented warmth and safety. He felt his knees give out just before a pair of well-suited arms caught him and helped him to a sitting position on the dirt floor. His vision swam but he recognized the solicitous voice that accompanied the arms.
they’re here somewhere, Sherlock. Do you think I missed them? You
Damn you, Sherlock. Damn you to bloody hell for this. You bastard. You fucking killed me. Finally.
. There’s a bond there that
John opened his thighs wider and bent his knees up to provide greater access as Sherlock settled himself between them and leaned down. He gently spread lube around the violet-skinned ring of John’s anus, smiling when John emitted a quiet moan of pleasure in response. Once satisfied that there was sufficient lubrication, he pressed his long, slender middle finger against the ring until it opened to allow him entry. A sharp intake of breath accompanied his success. The ring was tight,
“John,
John reached out and laid a hand on her arm. “Mrs. Hudson, would you be so good as to make some of your cucumber sandwiches? And, by any chance, do you have any biscuits lying about?”
“To repeat,” John clarified, “saying, ‘oh, John, oh, John, oh, John’ is
John looked up at him, confused. “Why?”
“Say it. Say that you hear what I’m telling you.”
John smirked. “Like the solar system?”
“I’m not 20 anymore, you know…”
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John on the forehead. “I won’t have to, John. You’re a better man than your know.”
John turned and demanded, “What the hell was all that about?”
…as his sphincter began to yield. Pressed hard against the wall, Sherlock could only hope his jailer would come quickly and be
Sherlock. He’s standing so close I can almost feel him. He’s touching my arm, my...face? I’ve never felt him touch me like this before, all gentle and…
This rocked Sherlock back on his heels. This small child who stared so wisely over the top of the tub had just nailed him to the wall. His normally lightning-fast brain sputtered and died on the spot.
“Or you break the mold and become a better person than your abuser. Yes, I am familiar with it. It’s one reason I always find out if clients have suffered any form of abuse in their early years. It can indicate a pattern, or break one,” Sherlock agreed, squeezing John’s hand. “You have broken the mold, John. There is nothing of the child abuser in you...”
Whitey frowned, trying to look innocent and failing spectacularly. “Naw, I don’t know nobody by that name
Sherlock backed up a step, eyeing John speculatively. “You had said that you’d been abused by your father. You never elaborated. You gave me no data to pull from. I can’t read your mind, John. I’m a scientist, not a psychic,” he said, calmly enough, even though he could feel his guts roiling.
“Of course, that must be what is preventing me from speaking my native language.”
to be tried, so
“Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve been maligned in public, Sergei. I still seem to survive.”
“Yes, the stench of wet Doggo
“Shut it, you!” the merciless John shouted back, redoubling his efforts. His poor, beleaguered victim could do nothing but submit to the heinous act, gasping and panting until, finally, he completely collapsed with a muffled howl of surrender and an expelling of certain bodily fluids. This spurred John on, his thrusting blows hitting Sherlock’s most sensitive areas again and again until, with a curse against his helpless and hapless captive, John emptied himself of all wrath and ire into the unresisting body of his victim.
, stiff a London cabbie.
about that,
. We are on our Sex Holiday…”
I’M GOING TO KILL YOU, SHERLOCK!
!” The word blurted out before John could stop it. Sherlock drew himself up straighter than usual, a mildly hurt expression on his face. Normally, John would laugh at the slight pout of that over-full lower lip, but, right now, it just felt like manipulation. “’Consideration?’ You call nipping off,
She nodded emphatically. “Yes, he said he gotten himself in a pickle and he doesn’t know what to do about it.”
“Have you now, Sergei?” Sherlock quipped, his guard up immediately. “I would say it is a pleasure to see you, but I
With a fond smile, Sherlock added, “I’d be disappointed if you didn’t.”
had inspired it, and it was now incumbent upon him to play the detective and find out what before he could coax his Snitmonster into sociability again.
, Rosie. He needs the company of ladies, not...not me.”
The smile she bestowed upon him was like sunshine. He basked in the warmth of it.
“So, how about I call out, you put on some pyjamas, and we’ll get comfortable for the evening, yeah?” John suggested.
fry your brain with weirdness. Be alert.”
, Sherlock. He won’t accept it from anyone but you. You are the only one, besides myself, who knows who she really was, and what she was doing.”
can be made into an
about my father...”
for you.”
Fingers drumming on the arms of his chair, John said, “Pretty good ones, though.”
America, after all.”
Serious snogging ensued.
. He said you two had had an argument, that you were leaving him and didn’t love him anymore. Mycroft got me out of a nice warm bed to come find you and bring you back.” Her sideways glance at him was venomous. “It’s a good thing you came to your senses in there.”
, it seems, got the worst of it.”
there was a strong possibility that they wouldn’t try to take
--Come home, John. We’ll talk. SH
“What?” Sherlock straightened up in surprise. “For
Doctor John Watson dragged his sorry arse up the final flight of steps to the second floor and the warmth and hominess that radiated through the open doors of 221B. God, what a day. He’d been called in on a consult by an old colleague who had suspected that an injury sustained by one of his patients had had its origins in some sort of domestic and/or criminal action. Consequently, John had found himself in the middle of a general brouhaha involving himself, the doctor, the patient, his common-law wife, his wife from a bigamous relationship (with whom he had been staying), his drug dealer (who was
John rejoined Sherlock by the bed. “Maybe it’s the police.”
Initially upon awakening, he had wondered if he had been in an accident and was possibly in hospital, but it seemed rather obvious now that this was not the case. There were no hospital sounds around him and the bed upon which he lay was far too comfortable. These sheets must be
He stood, sporting his own spectacular woodie, which Sherlock seized with great glee and popped into his mouth like an all-day lollie. Those fantastically-talented lips drew gasps of pleasure and entreaties from John’s very core as his cock pulsed and thrust into Sherlock’s mouth until he, too, was a whimpering mess, his cum rocketing down Sherlock’s throat and swallowed down greedily. Sherlock never did seem to have a problem with testing
“A trash compactor,” Lestrade snarked. “Brilliant! Couldn’t you have just had us jettisoned out into space, while you were at it?”
He shrugged. “Once you pass that gate, Sherlock, your past life means less and less to you as you begin to understand the vastness of this universe, which is made up of
They bantered back and forth while enjoying the gentle ocean breezes and the rustle of palm trees directly overhead. A couple of Mojitos greased the conversation and befuddled the senses enough that they hardly noticed the dull
“Really? Where?” John asked, as he reached out for the vase.
“You should open up more to your therapist,” Anthea stated, her voice cool.
“Two, but three are usually required, considering…”
are going to Disney World.”
. Wouldn’t happen.”
I was indifferent to you. If
man is Sergei Ivanesco, head torturer of Moriarty’s Serbian branch. He and I became quite chummy a while back. I was only able to escape by palming the key during one of his torture sessions and telling him that his wife was cheating on him back home, which she
hear the end to
Still wearing a seductive smile, Sherlock took a step or two toward John. This set his entire outfit into motion, something John’s cock felt
have sex last night.”
John sighed to himself and closed the paper before folding it neatly on the arm of his chair and levering himself out of it. After the day he’d had, all he’d wanted to do was sit down and spend a quiet evening with his favorite person in the whole world. Instead, he uncovered the not-so-elusive Snitmonster lurking in his parlor. He ambled over to the couch to peer down at Sherlock, who hastily buried his face into the pillow and hunched his shoulders even more deeply to shield himself from any outside intrusion.
Agent Doyle shifted in his chair. “Well, it seems that someone has reconstructed the ring that fell apart after his imprisonment. Took a few years, but now they are rivalling any of the Mexican Cartels for volume of drugs transported and dispersed. A lot of them are going to the British Isles, Ireland, and Wales, so our kingpins might be natives. Mr. Holmes…?”
I heard him get up and pace around the room, but I was floored by what I had just heard. “I love him” was
All the air left my “lungs” at once and I said, bluntly and without feeling, “I’m dead.”
that,” she said, seriously. “And she tried to flirt with you when Daddy went up to change clothes.”
“Smart ass,” the driver said. “We got ourselves a live one, Bry.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Can really mess up those long walks in the park, can’t they, John?” Sherlock asked, without turning. Rosie glared over his shoulder. John looked...uncomfortable.
was the night John had discovered that Sherlock was the hands-down, no-holds-barred champion sleep snuggler of all time.
get used to it, won’t you?” Mycroft shot back, but there was affection in his voice.
case and do
Sherlock blushed. “It’s a date.”
“Whaaad...haaa...” I croaked out.
John crawled on top of his new husband and stated, “Believe it or not, no. What I
There was an awkward silence. Then, “Mycroft, are you taking the piss…?”
here to discuss my sister’s mental illness.”
Rosie fed herself some more creamy goodness before answering. “I wanted you and Daddy to have your date!” she replied, as if it was the simplest thing in the world.
“Stop, Sherlock,” John said, breathing heavily. My God, my god, my God, what is he doing? “How much of this would you have taken?”
so,” Sherlock shot back, scornfully.
“Goodbye, Inspector.”
“Yeah? What’s that?” John asked, his voice soft.
“Not a clue, Agent Doyle. My husband and I are on our Sex Holiday and we agreed to come here because I remembered it rather fondly from the last time. Other than yourself, I know no one here,” Sherlock responded, with remarkable restraint.
Taking a step back toward him, Sherlock laid a gentle hand on John’s shoulder, non-threatening and supportive. “Go on,” he said, his voice soft as a kitten’s purr.
Silver eyes smiled down at him. “Yes, John?” he asked, the tiniest smile on his lips.
to after Rosie…!” John sputtered in rage.
“So, you didn’t initiate it?”
“Smart…arse…god, you’re so tight! Oh, baby…faster…yeah, like that…yeah…oh, yeah, love, like that, like that…
...is a contradiction in terms, John…now, hush.”
to continue in French until complete fluency in my native language returned.”
Sherlock’s hips shot forward at the same time an involuntary cry escaped his lips as a jolt of pure pleasure shot up his body. He tightened around John’s fingers and heard him whisper, “Jesus God, you’re tight!” before he said, “Sorry, love. That was your prostate. I’ll be a bit more gentle next time.”
“Hooray!” she cheered sleepily before curling back up and falling asleep again.
John huffed a laugh. “I’ve seen all the same things she did and I never put two and two together. I’ve always relied on what you’ve told me and what I convinced myself must be the truth rather than challenging my findings, as
“Anything, John. You know that.”
“John, I’m not a child and I’m not made of glass,” came the caustic retort. “Please don’t insult me by treating me as such.”
Finally, Whitey seemed to see the light.
Sherlock gusted a sigh through his nose. “Yes, but it also means ‘to put off’ something you don’t want to do.” His eyes closed in sudden realization. “Fleur, I don’t think your daddy wants to go on a date with me,” he finally admitted. “This is just the kind of thing he would do to avoid it.”
John face softened even more, if that were physically possible, and he smiled up at Sherlock. “Okay, love. Now, just sit back on it and take a deep breath to relax. Then bear down—it’ll open you up.”
Turning away from the file, John sat on the edge of the table and said, in all earnestness, “I don’t really care for the publicity. You saw what happened to Sherlock when it became known that he was a brilliant detective. Enemies came out of the woodwork along with the fans and I’m not sure which one was worse, frankly. No, I was happy for Sherlock to get the recognition he deserved, but I’m not interested in it for myself. Just quietly pay me and we’ll continue our association on the down-low, okay?”
“How certain?” I asked.
“John, look out! That’s glass!” I yelled, uselessly, as my best friend trod upon the remnants of the recent target of my anger. He yelped in pain and, surprise, hopped backward onto his uninjured foot as he pronated his bloody foot to see what had happened. Then, he looked down uncomprehendingly at the shattered glass where it lay on the linoleum, speckled with his blood. He looked around in confusion, then hobbled into the bathroom to treat his wounds. Fortunately, they weren’t deep or severe, just a few splinters of glass to be removed. He washed and bandaged his wounds and retreated to the bedroom to put on a pair of slippers for better protection against the rest of the pieces.
“WELL, EXCUSE ME FOR NOT LETTING HIM FUCK YOU, YOU PRAT!” John yelled back, spitting blood. “Maybe
No response.
too important to me.”
John nodded. “But only after the sandwiches and tea, agreed?” He fixed his gaze on Sherlock, who nodded. “All right, then,” he said as he shifted his weight off his flatmate, allowing him to sit upright on the couch. Sherlock wrapped himself tightly in the comforter, legs tucked up and head drooping.
“Bien. C'est bien que tu sois là,”
Ella rose gracefully and extended your hand. “Well, good luck, John. Keep me informed of your progress.”
don’t leave me.
Mycroft raised a finger to make a point. “Wait! Perhaps you can fuck up some
Hmm, very nice décor. Sherlock went all out, or was it my brother? More likely Sherlock, with Mycroft helping out. Haven’t heard from my brother, I wonder if he’s even here or off on a toot somewhere. Hard to tell. He’s always been a bit of a wastrel, sad to say.
Everyone’s already-shocked faces swung away from me and toward the officer, who looked stunned. “Me? I didn’t do nothing...”
A fleeting, hard smile crossed his lips. “The Woman.”
I became unreasonably irritated, indicating that, perhaps, the drugs were starting to wear off.
Not so now.
Sherlock caught John’s eye. John nodded sharply.
“Don’t even
!” he stammered in bleary-headed confusion and panic. As the young lady squawked in indignation, John clambered over the table, slid off the end and onto the floor, and rocketed out the front door of the pub, leaving a very disconcerted Della in his wake.
John knelt down in front of him again. “Where and who.
“Sherlock! Stop that! At least, eat something first!” John squawked at him, waving a spatula in the direction of the pans on the stove.
Once there, he made a call to NSY, requesting Lestrade. He gave his name, as requested, and he could hear some muffled snippets of conversation and a few giggles, not all feminine, before he was put through. It was enough to make him grind his teeth. He was sure that background noise was at his partner’s expense and he wasn’t going to have that.
of us but would leap at the chance to capture
, Doctor,” Mycroft responded with a smug smile. “And, may I add, I was rather
Shit. Shit, shit, shit, shit…
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up like a jet-powered lift. He blinked, repeatedly, as he assimilated this new data.
too familiar. “I have been so very, very patient.”
There was a pause, then a voice said, “Yes, it was a simple one, wired to the doorknob. We have taken it away and the bomb squad will dispose of it safely. Please open the door; we have a lot of questions.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “If you’re reading the tabloids, you
Well, we
, when we got married, that you would tell me
“About time,” Lestrade griped as they made their way to the maintenance exit.
“No ‘but’ about it, Agent Doyle. Everything you’ve told me is leading me in this direction.”
Laughter splurted from John’s lips as he cleaned up his husband. “Yeah. Yeah, I think it is. That was a noble thing you did, Sherlock.”
“As I said,
. “Sherlock, do you hear yourself?”
“What’s wrong, Lestrade?
. Beautiful, exotic, and
“Finally, I asked to go to military school. Dad was thrilled. He thought he had “made a man” out of me, at long last. The day I packed up and left was the happiest day of my life, up to that point.” A deep breath helped him to re-establish his preternatural calm. “It was only years later that I found out what a bastard my father had been in the army. Rapist, brawler, abuser, all-around bell end. He was dishonorably discharged for his actions, even though he always told us that he left the service with honors.” He blinked as they sought out Sherlock’s. “Can you imagine what that was like, Sherlock?
going to...”
“You get angry with me when I do that.”
“And, do you want some tea?” Hd-sn inquired.
The ambulance screamed into the hotel parking lot, where paramedics tumbled out and ran to the pool out back. In minutes, they had an IV in place, had used a clotting spray, and were loading the girl onto a stretcher. John found a towel and wiped the blood off his hands as the police arrived. A middle-aged officer came straight up to them. “You the one who called the police?” he asked, all business.
“I was thinking that, if I had my way, right now, I’d slam you up against this wall and take full advantage of you. Then, I’d whisk you home and see how many times I could nail you to the mattress before the sun rose,” John whispered, his eyes bright.
John stopped just short of the door and pulled his hand back from the knob. “Sherlock?”
A few days had gone by. Life began to feel a bit more...
“We start again, from today. Is that all right?” Sherlock asked, his face painfully earnest.
I wondered,
“Fleur,” Sherlock murmured. John glared at him.
John raised an eyebrow. “You never told me
As he turned to look fuzzily at her, she leaned in and planted her coral-tinted lips against his. It was a surprise but a not-altogether-
Sherlock was back again, though his touches were steadily growing bolder. John knew he was sweating under the onslaught, but he couldn't be arsed to care when he felt the heat of that solid body settle between his splayed legs.
“Oh?”
Vivid blue eyes tracked his movement all the way to the bed, where he sat beside Sherlock's body, a finger moving unhurriedly over the expanse of skin on Sherlock's stomach, scraping flakes of dried semen that he was sure was uncomfortable. Sherlock watched him all the while. When Sherlock sat up, John's gut pulled indescribably, and as if he'd been beckoned, Sherlock leaned forward and captured his lips. John tilted his head and pressed forward, balancing his weight on his hands and knees as he opened his mouth up to Sherlock's devotion.
There was no actual washing happening. Instead, John had him crowded against the wall and Sherlock was three fingers deep in John’s arse, groaning as a slick tongue trailed against the slit of his lips.
John, despite coming back different—hollowed—wouldn’t appreciate Sherlock suggesting that he couldn’t take care of himself. If there was anything that hadn’t changed about John, it was his dogged determination to remain independent.
When Sherlock was sure that Billy was out of the building, he turned with his back to the door, trembling as he noticed the dark, unrelenting gaze settled upon him from the room's only other occupant. His stomach felt effervescent and his flesh vibrated with anticipation.
John followed, helpless to stop himself.
"Wouldn't hurt you to help once in awhile, young man," Mrs. Hudson chastised as she retreated to the kitchen.
“John,” he heard behind him. A large hand fell on his shoulder and Sherlock came around to stand before him. “You’re upset with me.”
“Is that why you asked me to mate with you?”
However, it all made sense the moment Holmes flounced into the room, paying no mind to the film crew as wickedly long, pale fingers flew over the illuminated surface of his iPhone.
John, only a few feet away, closed the short distance between them, feeling his heart swell for the man who didn't know himself as well as he thought he did. He pressed his forehead against the line of Sherlock's back, exhaling as it tensed beneath the touch.
He squirm in his seat as that sharp gaze bore into him. "Surely, that can be a bit in-intimidating," John stuttered.
of my will not to lose the restraints and spread your legs as far as they’ll go, force your belly to the floor and fuck you until your insides are plastered with my come.”
"Careful now, John, we wouldn't want a repeat of last time now would we?" Holmes smirked in a way that conveyed no warmth whatsoever, before turning his piercing pale gaze on the woman across from John. The cold crept back into his eyes, and Sarah froze under the intense observation.
“Hello, Jasper,” Mycroft said and stood away from the car door, his hand motioning for Jasper to get in. “I've been looking everywhere for you.”
"I've brought you some stew. Thought you might be hungry." John stood to meet her in the center of the room, walking slowly and making himself seem smaller so she didn't feel threatened. "I'm Molly, by the way. Molly Hooper."
“Oi!” John drew back, raising a brow at his… Sherlock. “I didn’t actually go into this thinking we would come back to your place for a shag. I was eager to hear what you had to say.”
Finally, Sherlock was hitting his prostate with purpose, ready to hurl John over the edge along with him.
Sherlock took every narrow turn he came across and never avoided the harrowing leaps, as his long legs carried him further distances than John's shorter ones could ever aspire to. He ducked under a large branch, barely missing it as it slapped back from the force of Sherlock's body.
An email, though, not one of any relevance.
Suddenly John groaned, feeling a migraine coming on already as he thought about his book bag full of homework with blank answers. "Mrs. Finley is going to have our arses tomorrow if we don't have anything to turn in!"
John groaned and fiercely suppressed the urge to throw himself backward into his pillow like an aggravated child. He scraped a hand through his tousled hair. "I know nothing about this Holmes, Mike, what am I supposed to ask him?"
The lift dinged, and the doors opened. John stepped in, wondering why he felt so reluctant about leaving. "I will do, Mr Holmes."
Did he? John tried to think back to that moment. When he’d turned around, Sherlock was standing by the vanity with his jacket. And his phone had a lock code!
“I don't even
“It’s Mycroft,” John informed him, squinting at the screen.
The hand that had been weaved into his hair was now gripping his thigh in a tight grasp. Holmes was restraining himself, John realized.
Anthea sat beside him, eyes glued to her phone screen. She was squinting down at her mobile with furrowed brows drawing deep crevices across her forehead. Either Anthea didn’t realize she had myopia, or she was stubborn and in denial. Her eyes flicked towards Mycroft then back to her phone, which she inclined until it nearly touched the tip of her pointed nose.
by Nina Simone
The younger male looked up to the man standing across the room and like an epiphany, he realized how selfish he was being. Sherlock needed him. His son had just walked away from them both, and all of it was by John's own doing. What kind of man would he be to walk away and leave such ruin in his wake.
Partners.
was something John could use later.
“Pop!”
There was a man that owed Sherlock a favour. Sherlock had proved his innocence in the rape of a girl at a uni party.
never know what having John was like because John would be dead from cardiac arrest.
John could feel his face burning with the strength of his blush, as he graciously received the fresh scented fabric. "Ah, thank you," he stated lamely, unsure how to respond to the stranger currently standing with him while he wore nothing but a thin robe.
"Yes, I'm John Watson, here on behalf of Michael Stamford. I have an appointment with Mr. Holmes."
it happens – and it will happen again - I want
John spotted Harry instantly, her long blonde tresses now wisps of willowy, dusty grey strands. Her shirt was stiff and black with old blood and ripped, a horrid display of sticky viscera and a chest cavity full of maggots. It was ugly, hateful and certainly the last image of his sister that John would ever have.
Sherlock Holmes continued to stare, head tilted as his eyes drifted down John's body; cataloging, 'deducing', Jasper called it.
When the transformation was complete, the room fell silent, awaiting a command from the alpha as they all looked to Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked, appearing to snap himself out of whatever thought that had taken over, and turned on his heels.
“I'm not a child, John. I've survived this long without your “guidance”,” Sherlock snapped as he emerged from his bedroom, pushing past John and into the sitting room. He flopped in his armchair with one last scornful glare in John's direction.
“Anything,” John whimpered, his eyes tight around the edges. He wanted so badly to come. “Bloody Sherlock, fuck-,” he broke off, shivers wracking up and down his body.
Holmes grunted at the abrupt collision, but wasted no time pressing into the kiss, fervently. John felt his cock throb in his trousers at the sensations coursing through his body, the adrenaline fueling the vehemence they devoured one another with. His legs fell open to alleviate the stress in his nether regions, and Holmes eased forward to kneel between them.
To be clear, Sherlock Holmes was no deviant. He'd simply fallen in love with someone much younger than himself.
"Did... Did you just call me stupid?"
In the bedroom, they stretched languidly over the duvet as John recalled more than he had earlier in the day. He was beginning to remember the last case.
In that moment, John's vision is sharp with clarity and he's the strongest, fastest, bravest, cleverest that he's ever been. He feels alive; can feel the blood rushing through his limbs. It's the closest to a chemical high that John will ever come, and the taste of his elation is sweet like nectar.
Sherlock watched him go with an odd expression, one which Greg thought looked familiar. Then he remembered that he often looked at Molly the same way, wondering when the day would come that she realized she’d fallen for an utter wanker. Greg jackknifed from his slovenly position on the couch and stared at Sherlock accusingly. The other man reluctantly tore his eyes away from John—John's arse, Greg wasn't blind—in the hallway and met Greg’s stare unerringly.
Sherlock smirked and slowly lowered the zip on his trousers. “And you’re still dressed. Why?”
John ignored the slight in lieu of casting his eyes around the room once more. It was a spacious room, if not for the gargantuan bed in the middle of it. John couldn't take his eyes off of it.
"Shut up," John growled and slid back until Sherlock's legs fell from their perch on John's shoulder, and his arse was lying in John's laps. John pulled him up until Sherlock was sitting in his lap, panting into each other's mouths with crazed smiles. "Show me what you want me to do to you."
Sherlock could be possessive, and Greg was sure he was the reason for so many of John's failed relationships, and yet, Sherlock claimed that all of it was beneath him; no, he and John were not shagging, and no, he didn't conform to labels in regards to his sexuality. For all his posh tongue-wagging, Sherlock acted for all the world like a possessive berk and one of the most needy individuals Greg had ever come into acquaintance with.
John nodded, because in retrospect, it was true. Love never did John any favours; with love came pain, but that was the nature of it. “You're right, Sherlock,” John smiled, laying a hand on Sherlock's chest. Sherlock's heart rate was elevated, and John couldn't be sure if it was the drugs or their proximity. “But it has its advantages. Look Sherlock, I can't promise that it will always be perfect or that it isn't messy. It is -
"Come here," Sherlock told him, his words careful and quiet as if he wasn't sure of himself. He probably wasn't, but John didn't give him a chance to change his mind. He scooted forward until his nose came to the hollow of Sherlock's chest. He smelled like sex and John. "Go to sleep."
By the time afternoon rolled around, John knew a hundred different tricks on excel, Sherlock's preferred brand of tea (Twinings Earl Grey), every one of Holmes Pharmaceuticals' business competitors—not that Holmes actually paid them much mind according to Janine—and specific instructions on how Sherlock preferred to have his great bloody coat cleaned. Among that, he also learnt what calls to take and who to get a message from. Unsurprisingly, the list of dismissals was lengthy, with the name Mycroft Holmes at the very top in bold, black letters.
John’s eyes fell to Sherlock’s lips, lingering for a second too long before they locked gazes again. “I missed you,” John breathed. Sherlock swallowed, brows furrowed as he watched the words form on John’s lips and roll effortlessly off his tongue. “I couldn’t stop wondering about you... all the bloody time.”
Sherlock circled him once, one hand dragging a searing trail round John's waist, over his hipbones, lower belly, until Sherlock was standing in his line of sight again.
"Can you see what you've done to us?" Jasper asked sadly, eyes gone cold and flinty. "Just leave; just go home."
Lady Grey dropped her gaze and giggled, shaking her head. She looked up again. “Irene was right about you.”
"Molly... this- this isn't possible."
"I mean wow," Mike smiled widely, folding his arms over his chest and hunkering down like he was going nowhere at all. John thought about closing the door in his face. "I mean, I didn't know you and John were... well, you know," Mike stammered.
The last light illuminated a woman with smooth, cream-coloured skin and sooty, corkscrew curls that drifted past her straight shoulders.
“Oh, morning,” John greeted, smiling nervously when he didn't receive answer. “I'm sorry, I just thought I'd do some cleaning while you were sleeping.” John grabbed the remote off the kitchen table and switched off the telly.
Sherlock's low chuckle followed, before he softly corrected John with a sultry, “wrong,” before dipping down to where he’d released John's cock from its confines.
He remembered the chocolate in his pocket, and tossed it to the boy in lieu of the little girl sulking on the other side of the room, ignoring their interaction. Sherlock is telling John about how his chocolate will be in the kitbag of every British soldier, but none of that matters, because all he wants to see are those lips wrapped round something solid.
John complied quickly, watching as Sherlock took a few calming breaths and closed his eyes briefly. When they opened, Sherlock appeared as composed as if he'd never moved, except that his body stayed stiffly propped up in his chair.  "If you're quite finished, John, we will continue," he muttered irritably, his voice pitched to a low timbre.
The sinking feeling in his gut came first, and then the dreadful thoughts that made John doubt himself. Above all, he felt used. Maybe Holmes hadn't enjoyed the sex as John had, or either Sherlock got what he wanted and saw no reason to pursue John any further.
There’s hardly enough room in the shower for two grown men, but they make it work, due in part to their unwillingness to stray far from the other. John couldn’t stop touching him, letting his hands wander to places he hadn’t the chance to before. Sherlock had him about the waist, large hands caressing his hips and lower back in soothing strokes. John could feel him breathing along his temple, blowing frigid air on his wet hair. He shivered, digging grooves into trapezius muscle, marking Sherlock’s smooth pastel skin a fetching pale coral hue.
"I haven't the foggiest idea what you're on about, Sherlock. Believe me, nothing would make me happier than bringing them down, but what difference would my being there make?"
John scratched the back of his head, fighting his developed tendency to deflect. Sherlock wasn’t planning on relenting, and John didn’t want him to. “Actually, yes, I do,” he replied.
When Jasper woke hours later, his cover had been pulled over him and the letter folded neatly on the bedside table.
“Hey-,” Lestrade complained, gaping as Sherlock shut the door in his face. “This isn’t over, Sherlock. And remember, you’re due at the Yard, anyway!”
With one last lick, John pulled off, wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s spit-slicked cock, and lowered his lips to Sherlock’s sack. His bollocks had drawn in, as if he were about to come, so John didn’t envelop them just yet. He licked a teasing line over the seam of Sherlock’s balls and nudged the skin, tilting his head up to feel the weight of them rest on the tip of his nose.
, the clock blinked back at John, in bright, unwelcome digital font. If he allowed himself to lay there any longer, wallowing in self-pity, he really wouldn't have a job to ponder over.
“At dinner, when you got out your wallet to pay, I noticed several cards from letting agents stuffed in between the folds. That one was blindingly obvious. And I don’t think I really need to tell you how I know you don’t enjoy sex with insipid women who wouldn’t know how to give you a proper orgasm even if you wrote an instruction manual on it in large, plain font.”
Before he could make it to the door at the top, it flung open with a hearty groan from the hinges. Jasper stood at the entrance, silhouetted by a soft, golden light emanating from the room. His curly dark hair stood up in tangles, as if he'd been running his fingers through it repeatedly, and his vivid green eyes stood out starkly behind black rimmed specs.
Sherlock scowled and turned away, forbidding. “Mycroft, you know as well as I, that there is someone else pulling the strings. But oh, they are
Here, the women and men alike shifted as a group, Lestrade being one of the last, as he was tasked with opening the door, which would require human hands. For them, it wasn't as if they were forced to stand and get undressed before one another, though this pack was clearly comfortable doing so, it was just their way of life; they were more in touch with their animalistic side than John had known previously. Everyone kept their eyes respectfully above the waist, though peered around every so often to monitor their fellow packmates. John also knew that going through the shift near other wolves aided what could be a brutal process.
Sherlock mused. It was an uncomfortable state of being for Sherlock. It made his chest hurt constantly and any length of separation from John made him eager to get back.
John was convinced that this interview was going to be a fiasco. Mike obviously was not in the right frame of mind if he was asking
Sherlock's gaze was burning holes into his head, heavy with the fog of a million unknown variables that John couldn't be sure of. What was Sherlock thinking? Did John really want to know what went on behind that iridescent gaze, the inner workings of a madly brilliant mind consumed with want?
John inhaled, running his hands through his wet hair with a soft sigh.
The room was bright and empty, and felt immensely larger without Holmes's presence. The man had a penchant for making enclosed areas seem smaller than they were, being such an imposing personality, and all. He placed the cup on the desk and looked around, curious.
There was a line left, but it's obvious that there had been more. Tiny, white remnants were scattered across the tray, reflecting off the silver like miniature snowballs. John couldn't breathe, thinking of himself standing outside the door while Sherlock ignored him instead to chase a high.
His body was growing warm, and Sherlock’s was too by the flushed skin of his chest and neck. He'd bared his throat, head pressed into the cushions as John milked that lovely cock between his cheeks. His arse was already sticky from Sherlock’s leaking erection, John could picture beads of white fluid slipping down his glands and leaving translucent, wet stripes on John’s skin as he slid over the length of him.
John put his elbow on his thigh and his chin on his hand and stared at the blank telly. He could see himself, reflected back in monotone, his skin pale and hair, slovenly. He didn't belong in a bedsit waiting for his doped up mother to come home, or for Harry to stumble into the door smelling like cheap whiskey and stale cannabis. John belonged at Baker Street and he was
Greg stepped out shortly after, when Sherlock had fallen asleep with his head in John’s lap and John had dozed off with his fingers tangled in Sherlock's messy curls. It wasn't the first time he’d seen them that way, so intimately entangled, and yet, blind to whatever it was that had obviously been cultivating between them for years. Again, Greg felt that trickle of envy. One day, he would have that with someone.
His hands, which he’d held firmly on John’s hips to steady him, dipped to the sliver of bare skin beneath the waistband of his ill-fitting trousers. Like a magnet to steel, the temptation to cling to John, to touch him, was irrepressible.
John nodded, already falling into a light doze before Sherlock had even finished his sentence.
Maybe it was the caffeine in the tea John consumed that morning or the fact that he was about to be stuck in a building for hours with a man that routinely sent him into cardiac arrest, but he felt giddy and ready to jump out of his skin.
Sherlock held him close. "Now, where were we? Ah, Sher-lo-ck. Come now, John."
John’s hand skated under his shirt and Sherlock shivered beneath the touch. He turned his head and nosed John’s fringe aside, sought skin with his lips and trembled with want when at last he found it.
Would Sherlock lay with them afterwards? Would he deprive them of their senses and pick them apart slowly, the way he had with John?
Everything inside him quivered under the strength of Sherlock's look, burrowing into John's body like a parasite. It was startling and exciting, all the same.
Sherlock was still regarding John with that unfathomable stare, and he would be lying if he said that it didn't unnerve him a bit. John wished he could know what Sherlock was thinking. It was pathetic and stupid of him to have agreed to Sherlock's conditions when he knew how often he wore his heart on his sleeve.
Just like that, the elephant in the room was revealed.
Sherlock was reluctant to leave John, but he entrusted him to her care before eating a bit of the food and retreating to the bathroom to take a shower and brush his teeth. When he emerged, Mrs Hudson was downstairs with John, though he could hear her talking to him, explaining the Jeremy Kyle episode she was watching, and how scandalous it all was. Indeed.
Sherlock didn't bother tearing his lips away, merely reached down to free himself and palm his cock as John’s tongue tangled around his, slick and dirty.
John's head spun with the sudden change in tone. What was Sherlock doing on the other end of the phone that made his voice all soft and breathy.
He hadn't meant for it to come out as crossly as it had, but he was tired of it all. This was a mess he hadn't meant to make, and God, if it wasn't killing him, he didn't know what was. Sherlock wasn't dropping his gaze or looking away, for the first time in weeks, and John could feel the acuity of those eyes, wondering over him, deducing. It was maddening, and everything he wanted from the start, but now it just made him feel like a broken, scattered mess.
Sherlock said nothing, but waited with his clamped lips and cold eyes that spoke volumes.
Sherlock opened one eye, then two, and turned his head slightly to regard Jasper with wary eyes. Slowly, he sat up, swinging his feet off the couch and onto the rug.
fuck you."
Finally, Sherlock moved, sliding down the bed to lay next to him, one long leg slithering between his. Plush, swollen lips pressed a tragically tender kiss against John’s sweaty cheek. Then, he asked, “Can I keep you?”
“Look at me,” Sherlock demanded, his voice a low, deep command that made every muscle in John's body tense towards him. A hand grabbed his chin firmly and wrenched his head up. “You're intelligent enough not to come to illogical conclusions based on hearsay. Why are you overreacting?”
Mrs. Hudson emerged from Mycroft's car, moving quickly towards John, and frighteningly, he could see the tears welling up again. Dear God, no.
“Now you better give me a little taste. Put your icing on my cake, you nasty boy.”
John whimpered and squirmed in his arm, one tiny fist coming up to hit Sherlock on the cheek. Sherlock stifled a smile. It was just like John to become violent in times of emotional turmoil.
John wavered, feeling disconnected from his body. Maybe if he tried hard enough, he could get his feet off the ground. The sky was endless, a myriad of twinkling, distant sparks of light, and John wanted to be up there, too. Sod Earth, there was nothing fun down here.
Lady Grey stood and kicked away the chair, then turned so that Sherlock had a view of her arse, just barely visible under the organza, taunting him as she raised her arms to fold over her head and rolled her hips sumptuously. Sherlock spread his legs slightly to alleviate the pressure building inside his trousers as Lady Grey looked over her shoulder at him with a smug little smirk. Later, when he had her alone, he’d make sure that she understood everything she was making him feel, every affliction that he suffered because of her.
John didn't respond, though he rose on his toes and planted a light kiss on Sherlock's lips. It was soft and sweet, and everything he wished their short time together could have been.
"Oh, would you like me to clean your house, too," John snapped derisively.
"Except you allowed me to do things to you that you aren't quite ready for." At that, Sherlock lifted his eyes to John, beautifully mercurial and without depth, they sucked up all the light in the room and captivated every empty portion of John's mind until there was only Sherlock.
John’s face went warm as he realized Holmes was, in fact, talking to him. Oh!” He said, a bit flustered to be honest, as if they hadn’t just fucked in front of a camera. “I hope it was what you were expecting.”
It was the beautiful woman John remembered seeing with Sherlock at the café, all sleek, long legs and five-inch Gucci heels that screamed haute couture. Her prominent neckline was exposed in a low-cut, backless lace dress that stopped mid-thigh, revealing miles of pale, flawless skin.
John's brow furrowed in bemusement. "You sure are going through a lot of trouble for me. Why?" John was suspicious of the man's motives. Though Lestrade was kind and very straight forward, the two of them had just met, and John didn't think that merited Lestrade jumping through hoops for him.
Sherlock sat at the edge of the bed, rubbing John's back as he calmed down, as much to sooth himself as it was for the child. His fingers were trembling against the back of John's skull and back. The tiny body in his arms shivered and Sherlock felt a shame so strong he thought he might never be able to look John in the eyes again.
collapse it to fit in the boot of a cab when Tesco wasn't far, distance-wise), Sherlock realized that he missed his partner severely. There were memories on every corner, their reflection on every window, and of course, there was only the sound of his own footsteps and countless strangers. John had become a constant in Sherlock's everyday life, crucial to everything that made him, including how his mind worked. Before John, there was just the ever-present buzz of voices in the background, and the loud whirring of the inner-workings of his mind. With John, everything had come alive and into focus. Now, John was this tiny little life, but somehow, even in his current state, he brought purpose to the mundanity of life.
John had been so focused on a particularly aggravating report on excel, he hadn't noticed someone step out of the lift and into the foyer.
Oh, of course. Who else would have the pomposity to infringe on his time with John. “Tell him to fuck off.”
John cleared his throat, thinking of an answer that wouldn't be misconstrued or turned about and thrown back in his face. It was hard when the person you were talking to was a master at word turning.
"Really, John, Dark Souls? I beat that game ages ago," Sherlock quipped, wrinkling his nose in disapproval.
didn't,” Anderson cut in, earning a shrewd scowl from Sherlock, “It was him! He brought them here!” A long, crooked finger singled John out where he stood, flanked by Lestrade and Molly. Victor only stared blankly from his spot, leaning against the wall closest to Sherlock.
Two was highly unlikely. Förstner was a proud man and considered himself slighted by the scientific community, wanted to prove himself and thought he could be close to a breakthrough. He wouldn't give up easily. Sherlock
Sherlock stopped going to church when he turned sixteen. It was about the time he was off to Uni, the youngest of his class and also the cleverest. It was dull, so Sherlock sought to set his mind free. That was when he found cocaine.
Jasper. For a moment, he wondered if Sherlock had moved on as well. The thought sobered him.
221B was dark and quiet when he arrived, pulling off his gloves and coat as he peered around the flat. Sherlock's feet led the way to the staircase leading up to Jasper's room, still unreasonably anxious at the thought of an empty room. Jasper's coat was still on the rack and his shoes by the door, but that didn't necessarily mean he was home.
The man smiled nastily, his lips twisting in a way that seemed unfamiliar to him. “Honestly, Sherlock, I hadn't expected you to show up at an event that didn't directly benefit you.”
Sherlock’s fingers were beginning to cramp, his wrist twinging from the awkward position, but the way John was gasping against his mouth usurped any discomfort he may have felt. He pistoned his fingers in, nose dragging against John’s cheek as John turned away to draw in ragged breaths.
Sherlock was frightened, unsure, reluctant. He'd always been impassive towards children, never wanted any for himself, but then again, this was
“Don't play stupid, Gregory. You've about as much subtlety as a child caught with their hand in the cookie jar. If your loud breathing didn't give it away, then perhaps you should have avoided groaning like a man on his deathbed during your wank afterward.”
John's breath hitched as arousal slammed through him like a lorry. He had to ball his fists in order to keep from reaching out. Holmes studied him, his piercing, gaze a shifting kaleidoscope of colours. There was something there that John knew for certain would be best left unexplored.
No one slept well that night, and in the morning, not a bright-eyed Were remained. The prospect of imminent doom weighed heavily on everyone's mind.
On the day of Jasper's return, John had finally been given his ship date, and after sitting down for a rather disheartening conversation with his son, Sherlock rushed to meet John at a café nearby.
"Nothing," Lestrade returned cheekily, "nothing at all."
"John," he nodded, eyes peering around the room with comfortable familiarity, before he turned a piercing glare onto the younger man behind the desk. John inclined his tight jaw and held his breath as he waited for the ball to drop. "Interesting company you keep."
Mike shook his head solemnly, pushing up his glasses to rub his eyes with trembling fingers. "Can't. I have to get this done by tonight. Kate and I have a thing tomorrow evening, and she'll murder me if I'm hung over."
The man was toying with him.
John smiled and sat in a cushioned red chair facing both the couch Sherlock lay on and the settee, back to the covered windows. "I'm fine," he reassured them, wincing as he relaxed back into the chair. His wounds were healing now, but the skin was pulled tight and uncomfortable. "I reckon I was just a little unprepared today."
John cleared his throat, ending the wordless feud between the two and held up his index finger. "Still here," he pointed out. "Just to remind you, I didn't actually ask for your help so if you'd kindly release me, I'll be on my way. Thanks."
"I need you to tell me from your lips, that you're ready to know what I have in store for you."
John smiled, though he felt sombre and empty at the thought of his inevitable departure. "I don't think I've ever had this much excitement in my life, before."
Miss Vicky pouted and stuck her tongue out at him before retreating. “Diva,” she threw over her shoulder, and then disappeared into the crowd.
need to know what to do with a pram. But of course, John, always the unpredictable variable, goes and gets himself altered into an infant," he grumbled, wrinkling his nose as John pummeled it with his fist, giggling.
A wide thumb came down to swipe across John's mouth, gathering the fluid, and he couldn't help but dart his tongue out for a small taste. Sherlock's eyes narrowed, gaze burning a path down the mess on John's chin, the blush down his collarbone, meandering down until they stopped at his covered cock, pressing insistently against his pants, and widened slightly.
“Don't,” Sherlock breathed over John's lips as John pressed a hand against his chest to push him back. Sherlock's eyes shifted lazily from his eyes to a point over John's shoulder as one hand moved up from the nape of his neck and into his hair. The other pushed a diagonal line down John's back until it came to rest at the small of his back. When John turned his head just slightly, Sherlock was staring fixedly at their bodies welded like scorching metal. Together, John had to admit that they were quite a sight. Under the burning yellow lights of the vanity, Sherlock’s gaze burned sinfully, unabashedly piercing and luminescent.
To emphasize his words, he shrugged off his Belfast quickly (the bag cluttered to the ground, forgotten for the moment) and kneeled on the bed, to get even closer to John.
of those things tonight.
. And, as a front-row spectator the entire time, Greg could attest that there was a thing missing to help them close off the wounds from the past still gaping wide open, infecting every aspect of their lives. Maybe, they finally did find their missing link.
2.) He could hear clattering from somewhere in the flat, meaning Greg must already be up, preparing breakfast. That made him quite giddy, he loved Greg’s breakfast!
And safe. So fucking safe.
Sherlock wasn’t taking any more chances tonight, though.
“You’re our friend,” Sherlock replied, as if that was reason enough to share such a deep intimate aspect of his life with the DI. Maybe it was.
John’s voice was strange, yet familiar, filled with
“I never doubted that. But I’m offering my assistance, you look like you need a friend.”
. Sherlock’s mind was itching with something he couldn’t place- the overwhelming feeling that he was
They were a mere hour away from sun-down and the wind was picking up. Certainly not the place or time to stop, to rest, to
“I was thinking we could order some pizza,” Sherlock casually said, pretending to not totally set out a bait to reel little John in. While big John liked pizza, little John absolutely loved it (probably because it was fun to eat it with your hands and getting a little messy was part of the deal).
, when John fell asleep. Sherlock would never admit it, but he got so charmed by the story that he didn’t turn off the movie. It was the first time they were watching something that was ‘age-appropriate’ and Sherlock secretly hoped it would become a regular occurrence. He was kind of hooked on Disney movies now).
He found himself with a lap full of John Watson in the blink of an eye.
He was through his second pint after an hour. Greg, still nursing his first one, eyed him warily.
“Don’t say that it’s stupid. It’s not. I’m glad that I can make you so happy. I’m sorry that I couldn’t balance it during the case. I’ll learn to be better at that.”
The case had been solved, eventually, even with Sherlock being distracted. However, he was slightly mad at himself for taking so long and- in the process- neglecting his duties he presumed he had as a partner. Yet, he had been taking to long because the desires of his partner were confusing to him and- the very train of thought made his head hurt.
For a split second, John imagined having the safety of protection like…. He wouldn’t have to use them. Knowing that they were there might be enough to ease his anxieties…
The detective gave him a pointed glare, with one perfectly raised eyebrow. “You’re tired right now. It’s blatantly obvious.”
Instead, he placed a hand over his eyes. “I won’t. Promise.”
alright. Just a little bit worked up and needy. Well, that would sound very self-depriving if he phrased it like that. Instead, he added: ‘Just miss you.’
“Are we good? For now?” Sherlock prided himself to be a genius, he knew that this conversation was not even close to being over. But there was a time for discussions and there was a time for just doing what felt
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes.”
How he wished Sherlock was here with him.
But Lestrade wasn’t here.
Sherlock just shrugged and smiled; something about John being like this just warmed him all over and he had to smile, even though there was no good reason for it.
Sherlock didn’t really know all that much about relationships.
, I’m aware that we’re lost;
He got to play with the different ducks while Daddy took care of getting him clean. It was a lot more fun than doing it himself in the shower; and the warm water eased the pain in his leg- which had been turning a vivid shade of blue- to a small throbbing.
“Lestrade-“
He didn’t cry.
“I want to, but… I don’t know…. I’ve never been…”
This is how John found himself walking through a darkening forest on an unforgiving cold late afternoon; at least another twenty minutes’ walk away from any scope of any cab around London. That, if they were actually walking in the right direction; which at this point, John wasn’t even remotely sure of.
, out of all things. He splashed the water in the sink around a bit, trying to distract himself from all the negative thoughts pushing into his mind- thoughts that were hurtful and left him vulnerable and useless.
Maybe, one day, when John was okay with it, he would tell Mycroft. He had not even an ounce of doubt in his body that Mycroft already
Sherlock. Not Daddy.
“Precisely, my dear Watson.”
Nobody knew what the future would bring.
Several seconds passed in which Greg simply sat and stared at the silver of early morning light filtering through the gap between his blinds; wondering dumbly if he was still asleep, if this was a very realistic dream.
Sherlock certainly wasn’t the bad boyfriend here.
“I trust you, Daddy.”
At this, Sherlock pulled John’s face from its safe hiding spot against his neck and peppered the distressed expression with long, and loving kisses.
“If Daddy hasn’t trashed the room again,” she said, disapprovingly. She threw her arms around his neck and they mounted the stairs noisily to alert John to their presence. Once arrived at the door, however, Sherlock was met with a stony face and a stiff, military posture, with arms that demanded his child back. Sherlock bobbed his head in acknowledgement and turned her over. The Great Stone Face then backed up through the door and slammed it in Sherlock’s face.
He unfolded his long, pajama-clad legs, wrapped his dressing gown around his shoulders to keep out the chill from the drafty old windows of their shared flat, and padded on bare feet into the front rooms. There, he found John, sitting at the desk in the front of the living room, laptop open, perusing something with interest—so much so that he didn’t initially hear Sherlock lightly cross the floor. It wasn’t until a head, topped with dark, mussed, curly hair leaned across his shoulder that he jerked in surprise, his hand flashing out to slam the lid of his laptop shut. “
“To which I can readily attest,” came the snarky retort. “All he had to do was ask me. It would have saved him tons of trouble.”
. I snapped. I couldn’t allow…” He shook his head and buried his face in the pillow in disgrace.
“What…what do you mean?” Sherlock was starting to feel shocky. His adrenaline was finally ebbing and a tremor was threatening to engulf his entire body.
“Because
>>>***<<<
made this clear before, so maybe this is the time.” She got up from her seat and stood before John and Sherlock. “
“Unlikely. Uni boys, remember; they love to show how clever they are…”
“I don’t think you understand yet the degree to which your indiscretions, your rages, your continuing inability to come to grips with your own—and my—imperfections affect my emotional well-being. Having learned how to experience emotions, I am now faced with having to learn how to not let them destroy me.” He closed his hand yet again. Before he could open it, John leaned forward and grabbed his fist. Sherlock calmly turned his face toward his husband’s, silver eyes inquiring.
on the job,” Mycroft sniffed.
. He’d had ample experience of
John made to leave as well, but a firm grip caught his arm as he attempted to skirt around the angry, blond man.
Cold water pelted them from above, cooling their burning skin.
John felt his heart stutter in his chest as his phone vibrated, and then double up as he read Sherlock’s text.
John grabbed his pack he kept hidden in a darkened corner of the alley, and limped to the mouth of the opening, peeking round the corner where Alfie and his motley crew might be lingering.
A short time later, the driver pulled the car to the kerb in front of a row of Edwardian style buildings. Although most were refurbished, the buildings held an authentic look with rustic bricks and wooden porches. The large bay windows were picturesque and John could just see inside some of the flats, how large and cavernous they were. They all looked exactly the same from where he stood.
However, there was one thing John knew for certain. There was no way he could turn down Sherlock's proposition.
Sherlock pushed the door open and stopped.
Neither of them spoke for several minutes.
John warred with doing as Sherlock had asked and making tea or leaving altogether. Although it wasn't the biggest decision he’d ever made, it certainly felt as if the outcome would determine what would happen between them next. If John left… if he left, then where would that leave them? Obviously there was something bothering Sherlock, but John was so out of his depth when it came to Sherlock Holmes and feelings. Those two words together were a mix for something cataclysmic, and John would bet what money he had that Sherlock was currently over-thinking, suppressing, or whatever he did to keep from feeling anything remotely sentimental.
"Honestly, I doubt he would have gone down if he had been expecting it," John replied, seeking to downplay his role a bit. Anyone could have done it, really. The man had been a big brutish fellow, and John thought the element of surprise would be the best strategy in taking him down.
“You passed out from exhaustion, so obviously the hunters had been chasing you several hours before you got to my territory. You were alone; your pack was massacred by hunters or else you would have no reason to run from them. Most wolves stay and fight, you were fleeing, which meant you had no backup coming. The hunter you were fighting had a collection of used bullets in a pouch, most likely trophy's from his recent kills. By the number of bullets, he killed six of your pack mates and was planning on gloating once he caught you, before he rid you of your pathetic life, of course.” The stranger tilted his head the other way once the stream of word had come to a stand still, as if changing perspectives and leaned closer. His words were spoken without emotion as if he were just listing off names and numbers, rather than the fact that John's entire pack had been slaughtered and he was next.
She closed her eyes, fighting back tears as she thought of getting to hug her son again, touch his face and look into his eyes. And although he wasn’t there in the flesh just yet, her shoulders felt less weighted than they had five minutes before, like she could breathe easier.
John’s breath hitched, fingers wrapped punishingly into his curls. The pain was magnificent.
For all that Janine was being facetious, she made valid arguments. Sherlock already knew that being exposed to John everyday would only lead down one path. There was no way Sherlock could work so near to John without the two of them falling into bed together eventually. It was inevitable.
"How do you feel," Sherlock asked without looking away from the cupboard, though his body tensed when John failed to answer right away. "Don't be an idiot, John. If you should find yourself under any duress during the scene, use your safe word and we will stop immediately." Sherlock turned, his expression severe in the low light of the room.
"Will you say yes?"
"I'm fine," John answered firmly.
John squeezed his eyes shut beneath the blindfold, forcing his muscles to relax. He'd never given himself like this to anyone, but John was sure that staying tense wouldn't make this experience enjoyable.
Lestrade turned and glanced at the door as well, before giving John a knowing smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. "Just remember what I told you and everything will be fine," the older man relayed calmly, the mirth draining from his face as he watched John fidget. "Honestly, Sherlock was probably the worst of the lot that you'll be meeting."
John couldn’t argue with that, so leaned down and nuzzled Sherlock’s open mouth with his own, his hardness trapped between their bellies. He rolled his hips if only to ease some of the pressure. “Lube?”
"Goodness John," Sherlock said as John plopped happily down back onto the bed, standing up to fetch the baby bag from the cupboard. "I might have to repeat the analysis on the contents of Enfamil. I'm not certain the smell emanating from your nappy is natu-"
"And do be careful. Office romances can be tricky things. Believe me, before I met your mum, I was a bit of a slag in my day!"
Just like as before, Sherlock noticed the difference in John's blood cells right away. This time, however, the cells were not dividing as they would to create rapid growth. They were undergoing necrosis.
"We-we're not together, he and I. Jasper is... is a dear friend to me." John hadn't realized how true the words were until he had said them out loud and felt them echo in his heart just the same. "I guess you could say he gets me, too."
All of it was very childish and beneath him, and Sherlock didn't bother coming forth. Lestrade was a good man, but not worth the trouble. Besides, it was a prime opportunity to finish what he'd started with John.
John knew if he accepted, perhaps Jasper would be looking for a little more than sleep, perhaps not, but John didn't want to take the chance. A few days ago, this would have been something he would have agreed to enthusiastically, but now John felt considerably less attracted to the idea, and not a small amount of guilt.
"How did-"
It was the gorgeous man from Mary's shop, eyeing the men up with a dispassionate expression.
John chuckled and smiled fondly, waving shyly before he disappeared into the carriage.
. "but you will.”
- partake in for any of the foreseeable future. Relationships were time consuming and Sherlock only had time enough for the work.
Wasn't the man just a model of courtesy.
John eyes widened, startled by the unexpected—and unquestionably rare—compliment he'd received from the dark haired man.
John was panting loudly into the room, squirming against those curious finger, desperate to rut and find release. It was a thrill like no other, being held at the edge, but unable to find relief. Sherlock was teasing him, seeing how far he could push John before he was driven to madness. His release was right there, so close that John could taste it. Everything else was static, besides the sound of Sherlock's voice and John's heartbeat ringing loudly in his own ears.
was what the rut was all about and
-Thompson, thank you very much. I'm quite attached to my family name."
John looked up at him with reddened eyes and said, “So I guess it's safe to say you've known me for a lifetime, now?” Then he giggled.
of you.”
“Anything on the menu, whatever you want, free for you and your date,” Angelo stated, bowing a bit as he backed away from the table. “I'll be back with a candle for the table. It's more romantic.”
John waited, breathing in and out a few times, before he felt good enough to run. Sherlock was a steadying presence beside him, considering that the first time John had been through something like this, he'd been alone. “Alright,” he breathed, “I'm fine. Let's go.”
John groaned and thumped his head back against the wall. "You could say that."
Then he had a handful of Sherlock's firm arse in hand, kneading the skin with desperate grasps. Sherlock's breath hitched against the corner of John's lips, wet and delicious, before John was being shoved back onto the mattress.
It was only a matter of time before they found themselves this way, together again and Sherlock was done dancing, done waiting. It felt like a lifetime, it
John's hands clenched on his back, legs tightening around his ribs. The metal frame of the bed creaked and groaned under their combined weight, the only sound to accompany the music of their enjoyment. Nothing so sweet as the cries that left John's lips. If the noise of the bed got too loud, Sherlock would take them to the ground and finish what he started, this time with less layers.
The scrape of John’s stubble made Sherlock gasp with the utter need to possess. Sherlock wanted to suck him, fuck him, take John upstairs and play with him for hours on end. He could picture it perfectly, what John would look like in ropes now. A boundless spread of tanned skin and new musculature to explore, his hard, weeping cock in Sherlock’s fist, red-cheeked, eyes gone soft and doe-like.
John agreed silently. He didn't doubt that the queue into Holmes Pharmaceuticals was a long one, but could John really deal with a bloke like Holmes every day? He seemed demanding, and if John heard right earlier, controlling and intrusive. John would most likely be under constant pressure to meet his needs.
To Lady Grey, it was a tossed paper away from living in squalor, but to John, he could see himself settling in nicely, sinking into the armchair after a long day and enjoying a cuppa in front of the fire. It was… comfortable.
Christ, just thinking of Sherlock texting this while in his office, possibly some boring meeting, surrounded by people, yet thinking of John, made his skin heat up. John's flesh tingled with renewed fervour.
"Sherlock, we don't know how many hunter are in this branch, or if there's just the one that's tracking us," John rationalized, trying to talk some sense into the foolish man, but Sherlock's eyes gleamed darkly under the moonlight. He was far past convincing otherwise.
John, unsure what to do, swallowed and stared back. He' never seen Sherlock that way, sleepy and pliable, more vulnerable than ever. How could John see that and walk away one day if he had to?
John snickered, accepting the spliff from Sherlock with a smirk. “Don't go into the loo.”
Outside, the blare of a horn tore Sherlock's attention away from John and allowed for a short minute to regroup.
Then, he promptly went back to staring.
The divorce with Mary had been finalized and there was no more Moriarty (finally) nor the dark cloud of Magnussen hanging over their heads. Now, there was John, not breathing and the terror clawing its way up Sherlock's chest, because who was he without John Watson.
,' John wondered. '
“Very good, John,” Sherlock praised.
He cleared his throat and turned to see Sherlock's eyes snap open and regard him expectantly. Before John could force the words out and try to reason with the man, Sherlock piped up unpredictably.
. Sherlock didn't seem to care about Moriarty's threat, but John keenly remembered the man's final diatribe before he left 221B
It was Sherlock and Lestrade.
John stood before Sarah could say anything else, pulling his wallet from his pocket and throwing a few notes on the table to cover their tea. Sarah stood also and John couldn't resist the urge to embrace her. He had to be strong - strong for himself, strong for Sherlock, John didn't know if he had it in himself to be strong for Sarah, too.
Sherlock used the hydrogen peroxide from the kit to sterilize the needle once more before gently handling John's ring finger (recommended to use non-dominant hand). John didn't move.
“Mr Holmes,” Kate nodded, and Sherlock returned the gesture graciously. “Lady Adler has prepared your room for you.” She handed Sherlock a simple key. “Room 7.”
Befuddled, John stood there, trying to figure out what just happened. "What?" He called after Janine, jogging to catch up with her.
, which meant John had, at least, the better part of an hour to shower, dress, and enjoy a hot cuppa before catching a cab to the Wharf.
“I said exactly what I meant to say, Rupert,” Julia snapped from the couch.
John replied, wondering if maybe that came off a tad surly. Surely it wouldn't hurt to keep the man on his toes for a while.
In John's pack, they were fairly modest about their nakedness. Oftentimes they went through the shift in private, just out of respect for one another. John never really found comfort in shifting with the pack, due in part to his war wound and the sorry sight of his aging body, which was not quite as fit as it once was. Bill was the only one who had regularly seen John naked at any point.
The accuracy of Sherlock's statement was a blow to his gut. There was no way he could possibly survive an attack without a pack to fight beside him. Had John been in the woods alone, he'd be some hunter's trophy kill. It was a bitter pill to swallow, and it went down just as sourly as he expected.
Jasper inhaled sharply, immediately regretting it when the frosty air invaded his air supply, stinging as it nipped the back of his throat and settled. “Fuck,” Jasper hissed, and turned on his heel, walking quickly in the opposite direction.
In the kitchen, Sherlock made room to pack a few bottles of water and snacks that could be eaten on-the-go. John made a quick sandwich for himself, Sherlock having turned his down, and ate, while Sherlock mapped out routes out loud.
Sherlock returned to the cupboard and rummaged around for a moment, before pulling out with a few items that John recognized from his first time in 221C.
Finally, John slumped back into the couch. “Wow. I hope you don't mind me saying, but this all kind of hard to believe. Perhaps, you could maybe, show me a picture of Dr Wat- I mean
John snickered and put his head back down to Sherlock's shoulder. "So, when's our next appointment?"
Jim sat forward, suddenly feeling the need to watch that impassive façade crumble beneath his words. “Sebastian here has been kind enough to share some....
Sherlock stared, swallowing a few times before he could muster a full sentence. “John…”
Dreading Sherlock's imminent dramatics, John poked Sarah on her back so that he could sit up. Sarah didn't waste any time, her movements jerky and hasty as she stood and shuffled into her shoes. Sherlock watched her with a hawk-like gaze the entire time. John had a mind to throw the leftover bag of crisps at the idiot's head.
His eyes were focused on nothing, turned inwardly instead, to his mind palace. It was empty and cavernous save for the grand staircase. All the doors were closed off to him, except for one. It was a bedroom, but neither from 221B nor 221C.
John crashed through the bramble violently, paws pounding against the dirt as it pulled up beneath his feet. Every stride was an exercise in endurance and his breath pulled sharply from his lungs with each long stride he took. The hunters were on his tail, guns loaded with bullets that, once broken through skin, expelled a liquid silver that spread like fire almost immediately. The hunters had been chasing him for hours at this rate, and each step felt like an extra kilometer, but John knew he couldn't stop. His body hummed with adrenaline and fear, knowing that one misstep could cost his life.
“Oh, so sorry,” Victor sniggered, crossing his arms. His smile suddenly dimmed and he swallowed, seeming unsure of himself for the first time. “One last thing…”
John's smile waned slightly, wondering about the implications of climbing into bed with Sherlock . He had never had penetrative sex with a male before, and his knowledge on the subject extended to where the man would actually insert his penis. Sherlock ran a gentle finger down his cheek in reassurance. "Just sleep."
Holmes nodded once, and John looked closer, seeing the faint dark bruises under his eyes, as if they had been there for a long time, now just a part of who he was. The silence stretched on for a little while longer before the older man spoke again. "Sherlock," he said without preamble, "call me Sherlock. Mr. Holmes is my brother, whom I hope you never have the misfortune of coming into contact with."
“I understand that this may come as a surprise to you, Mrs Watson,” the man drawled. It made her bristle. “John Watson was invalided from Her Majesty’s Armed Forces after his unit was ambushed during a routine patrol.”
John, realizing Sherlock might possibly never finish that sentence, advanced slowly, watching as the opalescent gaze of his boss followed every movement. Sherlock had managed to gain some of his composure by this point, and now his gaze was a steady laser beam, heated and clear. His jaw was clenched tightly, the muscles there pressed against his skin in stark relief.
Sarah shook her head slowly, clearing the cobwebs, and John crossed his arms over his chest, on the edge of defiance. He could feel Sarah’s disappointment like a physical presence, could see it in the way she refused to let the words tumble past her lips, the inward dip of her brows and the tense contraction of her jaw.
Jasper jumped out of his seat and pushed the chair back, standing toe-to-toe with his father, chin lifted in defiant, self-righteous anger.
A line appeared at the bridge of Sherlock’s nose as his brows furrowed again in bemusement. “What do you mean?”
His voice was too low, but that's alright. He wasn't going to be doing much talking anyhow.
He scraped his hands through his hair, falling back against the sheets as John turned away to retrieve Sherlock’s phone.
Irene grabbed her clutch from where it lay, tossed carelessly over the desk, as if it hadn't costs a few hundred pounds, or rather, John's half of the rent on his measly little shared flat. "Well, it's nice that we could have this little chat." The muscles of her back rippled and flexed enticingly as she strolled leisurely to the lift, a light sway to her hips that came naturally. "I like you, John Watson, you're quite the charming fellow. I'm sure Sherlock will have his hands full in the days to come. The idiot probably hasn't disclosed a thing to you, yet." She turned at the threshold of the lift.
As always, Sherlock was attentive to him and asked questions in all the right places, hanging on every word as if he held all the answers to life’s questions, and not the sordid details of how he came to be back in London after nearly eight years of active duty in Afghanistan.
Sherlock frowned, taking the first step to close the distance between them.
Since he left, John had only written home to his family once and had never heard back. Sure he missed his mum and Harry, but he’d been at the end of his tether with them towards the conclusion of his time in London, so John didn't wonder for long.
Sherlock led him inside and up two flights of stairs before they reached his door. He unlocked it without much trouble and beckoned John inside, eyes riveted to John’s face.
, don't give me that look," his father grinned, raising his hands in concession. "She'll certainly kill me before she comes for you, my boy. When you're ready to tell, come talk to us. But listen, sometimes the mind can lie, but the heart never does. Do what feels right here," John's father said, patting his son lightly on the chest.
John was pushing back against him, body shaking as Sherlock milked him with no intentions of letting him come anytime soon. He pulled away with a slurp, letting John's balls slide from between his lips and his hands fall away after pressing the button to stop the cock-ring. He lowered the setting for the plug to a lower level but left it on.
Stamford smiled and leant in. “My wife works here,” he explained, leading Sherlock to a table as the heavy curtains fell on all three stages, blocking the peculiar woman from Sherlock’s inquisitive stare. “She said she loves it. They’ve just moved into this building from a sordid little place in a crummy area, so this is a big improvement, I’d say.”
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
John reached out a hand, waiting for Sherlock to grab hold of it. Sherlock scanned him for any falsehoods, hesitantly moving forward, eyes flicking from John's face, to his hand, and back again.
1, 2,
“I’ve got to go,” she said, looking towards the entrance. “It’s almost time for me to go on.”
John cleared his throat and turned his eyes back down to his clasped hands, unsure what else to do with them. “It's… been years since I've last confessed.”
Sherlock appeared again to take John’s coat, and hung it up next to his own on the rack by the door. Then, long arms were winding around his waist and entwining their hands together until they crossed to wrap around John’s torso. With a tilt, his neck was exposed, and Sherlock’s moist lips were catching against the soft skin of his throat. John could feel the hardness of Sherlock’s erection through the organza of his costume. Irene would surely skin him for wearing it outside of the cabaret, but in the heat of the moment, he’d only grabbed his coat as they made a hasty exit.
"I have plenty."
A groan built in his throat as he pitched forward and used his free hand to reach around John to the zip of his corset. Sherlock managed to tear his lips away and tried to refrain from leaning back in as every nerve-ending in his body alighted with chaotic sensation. His fingers tingled where they rested on the tiny, metallic clasp.
“I should get going, then,” John sighed, his skin prickling as Sherlock’s eyes scanned him. He didn’t have to look to know that Sherlock was reading every little change in his body language. John knew that Sherlock had caught on to his evasiveness, but the man didn’t seem intent on calling him out on it. Instead, he moved silently to his wardrobe and pulled out a pair of sweats.
Once inside, alone for the first time in days, Sherlock sat down in John's chair, wishing the man was there for him to hold, to hold Sherlock. John's scent lingered, the smell of spilt tea on the chair and the ruddy Union Jack pillow that John loved. Sherlock curled up facing the back of the chair and finally allowed himself to feel.
This was the kind of man John wouldn't mind pleasing for the night.
“Yes, doctor, I am fully aware,” Mycroft stated calmly, yet Sherlock's faculties weren't dulled enough that he couldn't hear the strain behind his brother's words.
“My apologies, John. I didn't mean to- to frighten you. Just a bit- bit under the weather, it seems,” Sherlock told him placatingly, though the words were stilted and gasping, unlike the usual mellifluous flow of Sherlock's speech. “I should get you a cab home.”
The words played over and over, and even though John was sure that Jim had been trying to rile him up, it didn't take the sting out of his words. The statement rang true. He might be in Sherlock's life now, but eventually he would get bored and John would become another notch on Sherlock's belt.
Sherlock’s place wasn’t very far, a quaint two-storey building nestled between a café and a row of residential flats.
playlist:
“Show me,” Sherlock ran a finger over his bottom lip idly, the other arm crossed over his chest as he watched John patiently. “Show me what you did to get these men to sleep with you. You say you gave them fellatio; use your finger. I want to see. I need all the data in order to assign you proper penance.”
Sherlock drew back to flick his tongue over John’s arsehole before he delved back in to drop a suckling kiss onto it. He was desperate to hear his sounds, collecting whimpers to hoard away in his mind palace when he couldn’t have the real thing.
Sherlock's back straightened, his eyes narrowing. “I never told you my name.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he registered the snide self-righteousness in his brother’s tone. “He was just as much a problem for you as he was for me, so don’t pretend—”
“Do you want to touch it, John,” Sherlock asked, his voice two octaves deeper, strained. “Do you want to touch me?”
Two hours and a pound of make-up later, John found himself standing in front of an Italian bistro, wondering if maybe he’d underdressed. He’d never gone casual in drag before. Well, a cream-coloured pea coat that flared at the waist and hip-hugging denims weren’t so bad. He’d gone for a simple short and curly, honey blonde wig and light eyeshadow, instead of the more gaudy slapstick look he sometimes wore at the cabaret. Now, he felt silly dressing as Lady Grey at all.
Right on queue, John heard the tell-tale sound of slapping skin. John had never been shy about sex and had enthusiastically engaged in it before his time with Bill and during, but hearing Sherlock, the cold, antagonizing alpha, vigorously participating in the next room had the skin on John's arms prickling with heat.
Lestrade stepped forward with his hands out, attempting to silence the murmurs throughout the room. "Now, wait just a minute! We put those hunters down, how can you be so sure they have others coming."
John shook his head, rubbing the towel around his chin and cheeks.
John knew what was coming next, yet he still found himself startled by the feeling of a blunt head pressed against his opening.
"You were cross with him, but you forgave him almost as quickly." Now Sherlock was smiling a bit, crows feet appearing handsomely at the corners of his eyes. "I admired that about you, because it was like Jasper mentioned... That you understood him. There are very few that do."
Sherlock swept round him to the bed and grabbed something metallic, slipping it into his pocket along with a bottle of lubrication and what looked like a butt plug and some kind of switch, which he slipped into his other pocket.
They didn’t quite make it to the couch, but it didn’t seem to matter. The arm of the sofa was wedged into his arse and Sherlock was pressed into his front, rolling his hard cock against John’s stomach as he pulled John’s lip between his teeth and swiped his tongue over it. Sherlock’s breath was hot and heavy in his mouth as they broke away to catch their breaths. “God, the things you do with that mouth,” John groaned as Sherlock’s swollen lips sucked a trail of bruising kisses down the juncture of his jaw and neck.
“Yes, but don't think I didn't know you locked yourself in your room for a wank after seeing my disguise,” Sherlock smirked smugly, straightening his collar. “I was quite flattered, actually.”
As infuriating as it was, Sherlock found himself thinking of his former lover with unsettling frequency. It was worse than before, when he didn’t know if he would ever see John again. Sherlock did everything he could to put the memory of John to rest. He’d thought that the substitutes would be an adequate distraction. None of it worked, and now that he knew John’s whereabouts, remembered what he smelled like, cataloged his changes and experienced the touch of John’s body against his again, everything intensified.
There were only five hunters left, and they fought with the ferocity of men that would do anything to avoid a surely messy fate. Sherlock was resolutely taking no prisoners.
Standing, he had full access to John, the unblemished skin of his back, save for the exit wound, arse on display for Sherlock's pleasure. He was completely vulnerable like this, a slave to Sherlock's whims. Power was the most potent drug and Sherlock was higher than he could remember being in a long time.
Behind him, Sherlock froze, then moved around John to stare down at him. His peregrine eyes scanned down John’s body thoroughly then swept up with a last flourish, concluding with a blink of realisation.
"Or you'll what," Holmes cut in, though now his velvet baritone lowered to a soft, deadly cadence that made John's heart pick up in a stuttering staccato rhythm. The man stepped forward and into Gillian's personal space, looking for all the world like someone with nothing to lose. The man was a nutter! He was completely outnumbered, yet stood fearless and daunting before these thugs, like some dark knight. If John hadn't been as grateful, then he would have thought this a rather cheesy, rom-com movie moment.
It was a terrible time to allow his nerves to get the better of him, but John was so far past nervous, the word didn't even begin to touch on the uneasy thing creeping slowly up his chest.
“I do have to go home at some point, Sherlock. I still pay half the rent there.”
"Medical attention? Christ, what happened- Sherlock? Sherlock!"
The caution was cryptic and vague, but Lestrade didn't elaborate, and John didn't push, though he wondered if Lestrade knew of Victor's threat from earlier in the day. If he didn't, Molly would surely inform him.
Sherlock stepped past him, pulling out his keys and opening the door for John to go through first, no offer to help with his bags forthcoming. John limped through the door, avoiding Sherlock's ever watchful gaze, staring at his old trainers instead.
John froze, his back straightening in surprise. All that crushing hope came rushing back and John didn't know whether to ruthlessly stamp it back down or pull Sherlock close and kiss him until they both ran short of air. “Sherlock,” he began tentatively, “what are you trying to say?”
John closed his eyes briefly, basking in the proximity of their bodies and the warmth emanating from Sherlock’s skin.
Idiot.
Lestrade was shaking him and Sherlock was trembling, his knees were unsteady.
Every Alpha had a weakness, an issue that Sherlock could press until it gave way for compromise and logical thinking. For most, it was love or money, sometimes both, but one was always greater than the other. For Sherlock's previous client, Sebastian Wilkes, his weakness was money. Wilkes would do anything to stay wealthy and in a position of power. No matter how bruised Wilkes' ego over his stolen Omega, no one cared for a tyrant. All Sherlock needed to do was pinpoint that fear and expound on it. Sherlock's job was to cut through the feral aspect of an untamed Alpha and hit the pressure points. Wilkes had to understand that either he would get over his former Omega and move on, or he would lose his company.
The wolves that were left behind sat safely in the lounge room, Anderson obviously relieved he hadn't been picked to go. Coward.
Up until then, Sherlock had been smirking smugly, but soon his deep chuckles had joined into the cacophony, the lot of them laughing like fools in the lounge room. John threw himself on the couch, finally settling down enough to get his breath back. There had been a lot of running involved.
Sherlock went completely still behind him, and John knew that didn't bode well for anyone involved. "No, I
Sherlock guided John toward the restaurant with one hand on the small of his back while the other held the door open for him.
John laughed bitterly, shaking his head at the man standing opposite him. "Is that supposed to make me feel better," he asked.
_/\__/\_/\_/\___/\________
save his life, John. And the vicar has his fair share of secrets, including that he has at least one rendezvous a week with one of the church staff.”
predictable that Jim could hardly stop himself from yawning.
Sherlock rolled his eyes so dramatically, John feared they would roll out of his head, scowling at the older man. "Oh, Lestrade, when are you going to learn that your bleeding heart doesn't extend to everyone within a five foot radius or otherwise. Don't force your moral crisis onto me. I assure you, it won't work."
, Tesco, John. Must I repeat myself to you constantly?"
Sherlock didn’t seek out sex the way that others did, and it didn’t excite him when he knew that intercourse was imminent. With John, though, not only did the thought arouse him, but he thought he might go to any lengths John wished him to just to have him.
Sarah snapped her text closed and rolled to her side, resting her weight on her elbow as she regarded John with a sceptical eyebrow at his fashion choice for the day. John tried not to stare at the way her cleavage pressed together when she sat that way; they were only friends, but he was still a man, after all.
John hummed in acknowledgement, lips pursed. "Uh-huh, and how
compound could affect an organism on the subcellular level.
John pressed his lips together and shook his head at himself, annoyed that he’d rambled on and on without a thought to Sherlock. No one had asked about him in years, and it was as if all the memories had built and built until it all came splurging out in a tumble of words he hadn’t even consciously put together. “I don’t know, Sherlock,” he said, pursing his lips self-consciously. “Without her, I’m—”
“Pleasure to meet you,” John replied, grinning smugly as Holmes’ eyes blazed another trail down his front, only to linger over the jumper hugging his torso. Pale, predatory eyes flicked back up to John’s with smouldering intent. To his horror, John could feel his cheeks heat up and Holmes’ stare was alarmingly steady, so he turned to introduce Molly.
In the fading lights, John could just see the silhouette of his mother moving around in the kitchen, before the curtains were pulled back slightly to reveal a blonde haired woman with a shrewd gaze peeking out at him.
Huffing, Sherlock sat up and began working on John’s ties, too sated to complain and maybe just a bit eager to hold John, although he would never say aloud.
John shook his head at his own thoughts. Bill was still a heavy burden on his heart and John was desperate for comfort. In his weakened, addled state, he was in no place to be looking for a mate. Besides, who wanted a broken, lonely wolf who had already shown he couldn't protect himself let alone his pack mates.
The man's gaze trailed a heated blaze from the top of John's head to the tips of his toes in a way that made him giddy and high on some unnameable emotion.
Sherlock picked up a black, silicone vibrating cock-ring that would do for this occasion. He also opted for the butt plug with a low, medium, and high setting he could control with the small remote he slipped smoothly into his pocket. Lastly, he retrieved a tube of lube and two coiled lengths of cotton rope before shutting the doors to the cupboard and turning back to John, who was surveying his choices with a mix of dread and excitement.
"No, Mrs Hudson, that's quite alright." They were already halfway down the staircase, and it was a wonder that John hadn't already made an attempt at sabotaging his meticulously groomed curls.
In the morning, John remembered bits and pieces of their life together. In the afternoon, he asked about Mary over Thai, and about the two of them over tea in the sitting room. He was so close to John, he
waiting for backup!"
John sat up, holding his weight on his forearms and reeling in his legs so that they could be closer. He wanted to feel Sherlock's weight on his back and his breaths against his neck.
"John Watson, I'd say it was a pleasure to meet you, but the circumstances under which we meet are rather... unfortunate, wouldn't you say?" Mycroft was watching him steadily, keen gaze scanning and filing away every movement, every twitch and blink, and possibly every thought that crossed his mind. Could Mycroft see the fear, the loss, the hurt, the longing in John to see his best friend again, and the rejection of Sherlock?
“Then I will handle it, John,” Sherlock reassured. Moriarty was the last person he wanted to talk about. The same should be true for John. “I don’t care what he wants John, but you’re back and that’s all I can bloody think about right now, as dreadful as that is.”
It was a game, Sherlock realized. The hunters had known where they were, had done the equivalent of smoking John out of his den and leading him straight to Sherlock, and somehow, they were aware that John would return to bury his pack mates.
“You should eat, John,” Sherlock commented offhandedly, not bothering to make eye contact with John. He'd only just taken a bite and swallowed, but his tongue lingered around the edges of the fork, licking away the remnants. He managed to make it look graceful when done by any other, it would have been crude. “You'll be needing your strength later.”
Next to him, Sherlock shifted again in a jerky movement of limbs that alerted John that a tantrum was possibly imminent if Mike didn't stop pounding soon. Then he remembered that he hadn't told Mike about Sherlock, and his flatmate was actually home for once, and also, Sherlock was naked. In his bed. Oh, and the room smelled like sex.
John blushed bright red, in chagrin and frustration. The fact that the man could be so blasé when John was struggling to keep a calm exterior was extremely maddening. He brushed a hand over the front of his shirt and glowered at the man sitting opposite him. Holmes had already dismissed him and began to tap away on his phone once again.
It didn’t matter, though, because in that small, dark pocket of the world, Sherlock turned his chin up towards him and gently pressed their lips together. This time, there was no shoving and pulling, tearing away clothes. Just the two of them and the soft pressure of their mouths joined in a simple union; a message conveyed: I am yours, and you are mine.
, what am I to gain from consorting with those animals?”
John would have liked to blame the heat blooming on his cheeks to the wine, but he hadn’t consumed nearly enough to be feeling the effects yet. The intimacy of a closed off booth, Sherlock’s softened eyes on him, and the coy touches beneath the table made for a heady cocktail.
Janine led the way to the office door and knocked softly. Inside, he could hear papers being shoved around and Holmes' deep voice arguing loudly with someone on the phone. "It’s no fault of mine that you're too busy sticking your face between your secretary's thighs you can hardly do your job. I sent you a list yesterday of everything that was to be shipped out, and now I have clients calling me due to your inadequacy to stay on task..."
John, Lestrade."
John didn't know what to say to Mycroft's admission, nor the alarming fact that the man knew so much about him. If John's breath was coming in a little quicker, his hands bunching up into the leather seats, Mycroft made no mention of it.
Murray was an awfully average man, in the sense that if Sherlock were to pass him on the street (or anywhere, for any reason), he would not pay him any mind. His smile was polite, his height was that of the average British male, he was healthy, and Sherlock wanted to roll his eyes at the perfectly parted and combed hairstyle. The only thing that Sherlock found intriguing was the man's choice to enlist into the army. Murray seemed like the kind of man that would be content to live his life like every other dull, ordinary twenty-something; a wife and two perfect children, and a job as an accountant, or something equally boring and mundane.
Mycroft shrugged and sat back in his chair, crossing his legs at the knee. “I only ensured that John Watson will never come between you and your father again.”
for update info and all things Sherlockian! Thanks for reading and feedback is always appreciated.
“Fortunately for you,” she teased, and threw him a wink over her shoulder, expecting him to follow as she headed for the door.
Slender hips worked sensuously down against his own, a slow circle that threatened to leave him gasping and sweating. Their lips broke apart and Sherlock nuzzled into the space between his neck and shoulder, mouth moving with silent words.
As much as he avoided Alfie's regular haunts, John found himself stumbling into trouble where the thug was concerned more often than was healthy. Alfie almost always found a way to make John's night go from bad to suicidal in under five minutes.
The piece Sherlock was playing, built in a crescendo, and then slowly climbed down, into something soft and lovely that made John's chest ache. There was still so much about Holmes that he didn't know. If he delved deeper, what would John find beneath that steel façade? Would he last long enough to find out?
Holmes inspected John as well, quicksilver eyes scanning over his body to linger in some places longer than others. John knew it wasn't meant to be intimate, but he couldn't suppress the shiver that traveled down his spine at having Holmes' complete focus.
Feel free to follow me on
So, he was the black wolf that attacked John that night. That didn't make John feel any better about this. "If you try anything, I won't be held accountable for your sudden 'unfortunate' demise."
Jasper reluctantly pulled back, and glanced over to his father, as if realizing for the first time that he and John weren't alone. "Dad," he nodded towards him. "Anything on today?"
knew exactly what he was trying to ask without saying as much.
Sherlock opened his eyes to grey light pouring through the window and the sound of clinking crockery. Somewhere in the flat, music played from a radio. He didn't even
He eyed his sock drawer across the room, thinking of the platinum bracelet and wondering if that would be good enough.
For a moment, neither of them spoke a word. Sarah looked at him, and he her, taking in the subtle differences that came with a six-year absence. Her hips and breasts had filled out a bit more, and she was still fit. A few lines on her face, mostly around her lips; smile lines. Her eyes were bright and open, kind as always. John didn’t realize how much he’d missed Sarah until he’d embraced her. He hadn’t realized how much he missed human contact.
There was an old Beatles song playing on the telly, though it was loud enough to certainly replicate a radio. Sherlock looked from the telly and back to the young man in his kitchen, who just happened to look like a
"However, you are becoming quite the exception, John Watson." A long, thin finger trailed intimately along John's lips. "I am inexplicably drawn to you."
“Now wait-,” Mycroft attempted to placate, hovering his hands palm down over the desk, but neither of them were listening.
He pressed down and a breath of air puffed past John's lips with a sound delicious enough to send Sherlock’s heart pounding and his libido soaring. He thrust again, just to catch that sweet sound in his mouth. Except that John felt so wonderful against him, tumescent cock prodding Sherlock's belly button, and Sherlock's massaging the outline of his balls. He gasped along with John until it hung in the moist air between their wet lips, thin and fragile.
John was preparing his tea and Sherlock was leaning back on the counter next to him, a secretive little smile, wholly for John, threatening to spread into a full grin. John took a sip and set the cup on the counter before moving in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock began to mouth John's erection through his trousers, running his tongue over the denim as he trailed one hand down the front of his own body and massaged his swollen genitals. Lubrication was soaking through the seat of his pants, a siren call for the Alpha he was intent on seducing.
Not only did those questions beg to be answered, but John wanted to know everything there was to know about Sherlock. It would certainly help in the way of any future surprises.
As much as he liked to think that nothing could come from an agreement based solely on sex, John couldn't help but think what it could be like to fall for Sherlock. Would they always be able to be this carefree with one another? Would Sherlock get bored?
Sarah had a point, but John still felt the irrational tug of anger at his friend even as he knew there was truth to her words. Sherlock Holmes didn't
John threw his hands up in surrender, '"I'm not- I'm not saying I'm going to jump into bed with him," he said under his breath, assuring that no one else overheard their conversation. "I really don't know what's happening, is all." John rubbed a hand over his face, massaging the line between his eyes tiredly, because really, he was tired; tired of all the cryptic comments and secret smiles, and Holmes' less than subtle innuendos and double entendres.
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes. “You’ve obviously been spending too much time with the Americans.”
“Mmm,” Holmes murmured, crooking his fingers in John’s arse as he latched onto one of Molly’s bouncing breasts.
He'd returned to the flat yesterday well into the day, and was on the verge of receiving a tongue lashing from Mrs Hudson on manners until she'd noticed John in his arms.
The forest hummed with invisible life broken only with the sound of leaves scattered up into the air in his wake. John took a quick leap over a thin stream of water and raced further into the woods and tried not to feel quite so hopeful as he noticed the lights looming closer and closer with every stride he made. He didn't know who occupied the cabin, only that it looked safe and would provide shelter for him and a place to hide. Those thoughts were soon forgotten as a noise too close to be the hunters grabbed his attention. John faltered in his steps, wondering if one of the hunters were waiting in the tangle of trees to ambush him. With sharpened vision, he peered into the darkness to discern what might have made the noise. Whatever it was, It came quickly from a tangle of thorn bushes, barreling into his side harder than anything he had ever had the fortune of not feeling. The force of the tackle caused John to slam harshly into a great oak tree, becoming stunned as his head slammed back against the bark, eyes squinting open to see his new problem charging towards him brazenly. He had just enough time to roll over onto his stomach before the next attack, limping backwards as he assessed his opponent.
A wolf, black as night, stalked closer, hackles raised in defiance as well as a true anger John could feel almost as potently as the fear radiating off of himself. The wolf was long of length and stood almost four feet, a mammoth of a specimen, all lean muscle and stealth. If the hunters found him, he would be quite the match for them, and maybe John could get away, but before he could even finish that cowardly thought, John could feel his stomach twist in revulsion. John Watson had never been one to back down from a challenge and he wouldn't start now. He knew he would stay and fight both hunter and werewolf if he had to.
John’s thumbs hovered momentarily over the screen before he finally replied.
Outside, he spotted Sarah leant against a pot of plants almost as tall as she, looking just as out of place as John felt. She wore a flowing pink, knee length dress that cinched at the waist, with a white Peter Pan collar.  Her dark blonde tresses fell in soft, loose waves around her face. The rain had stopped earlier in the day, leaving behind a light breeze that gently ruffled Sarah's dress as she straightened up.
John’s brows furrowed as he stared up at the Holmes, with his stupid (striking), smug smirk and that (wonderfully tight) shirt that strained across his broad chest. He could have been a living sculpture created by Phidias himself.
Somewhere outside the open window, the brassy trill of a muted trumpet and thumping beat floated through, sensual and uptempo to add to the already potent ambience.
"Would you care to take a seat?" Sherlock made certain to curve his words on the tail end of the sentence, though they both knew that it was a thinly veiled demand.
Now that Moriarty had returned, Sherlock would be able to reassure himself with valid reasons why John was safer at Baker Street. Not to mention that the last time Moriarty got between them, John ran off for six years and joined the military. Sherlock wouldn’t risk that happening again.
There was one thing that Sherlock
Sherlock had already stripped the blankets off beforehand - which he'd read was important to do when a baby was in the bed - so he sat back against the headboard and grabbed his laptop from the side table, prepared to spend a night keeping watch.
Abruptly, Sherlock stood, moving to pace in the middle of the room with his hands clasped before his lips. The others quieted to watch him, waiting for their alpha's reassurance of their safety. John didn't envy Sherlock his responsibility. There was no possible way that he could assure them that they were safe. If Sherlock was stupid enough to think it was smart to stay, the pack would be dead within days. The hunters were close, very close, and there at the cabin, they were just sitting ducks.
John broke away with a gasp, chest heaving as he breathed sharply through his nose.
Sherlock nodded and headed to the couch, reclaiming his seat next to John who calmly set his cup down and began to roll up his sleeve. “Are you like that with everyone?”
“Sherlock,” John gasped, his chest heaving. “Sherlock, you-”
Sherlock didn't turn to him, but answered nonetheless. “My brother has an estate in Sussex; that's a two-day journey from where we are now, allowing time for rests throughout the day.”
Really, his parents weren't that terrible, and visiting home was more often pleasant than anything else, but John found himself to be in a terrible mood. How was it that his contact with Sherlock could influence his attitude so greatly? Was John already that attached to the man that he couldn't go a day without talking to Sherlock?
“And now,” Sherlock asked, softly.
For a moment, John could only stand there like a fool, weighing the pros and cons of getting into that vehicle with a man who wanted nothing more than to make him disappear.
A smirk played at the corner of Holmes' lips, coy and suggestive. The distance between them pulsed with a palpable electricity that sparked wildly with attraction... and danger.
It was hard to tell what the man was thinking when he worked so hard to display a neutral façade, and John didn't know whether he should be worried or happy that he didn't have to beg for forgiveness.
What was worse, Moriarty had been correct. He would have released the pictures, the tapes, all of it, and Sherlock would have lost everything. Then, eventually, Sherlock would come to resent John, to hate him for being the exception, for being the blinders. Sherlock would hate him for being a distraction, for making him
"There is," Holmes answered, "but come to me, John, when you're really ready to know." Those pale eyes were alight with humour and desire, and he found it hard to breathe as the man consumed him with provocative scrutiny.
A supple, stockinged leg appeared from offstage, leading up to a garter-lined thigh. Then, Lady Grey was spinning from behind the wall, until her back was pressed against it. One finger trailed from her pretty maroon lips to trail down her neck as the woman on the record moaned erotically. She melted down with the movement, her thighs spreading as her arse nearly touched the ground.
John groaned, sliding down to give Holmes more room to work with. His hips stuttered as Molly simultaneously squeezed around him and Holmes’ tongue pressed flat against his arsehole, fluttering.
Sherlock watched her out with a raise brow, and when the door closed, he turned sharply towards John. "You've had a lovely day off, I presume?"
Sherlock growled darkly, and John felt it travel through his feet and into his bones, making them quake with restrained energy. The alpha was no longer simply a werewolf; he was a demon hound from hell, and John watched as Sherlock began to blend in seamlessly with the shadows as he darted forward. Sherlock's ears were pulled back against his head, his hackles a legion of pointed needles against his back, as he pursued the human with remorseless glee.
Sherlock was rocking back and forth, somewhere out at sea on a boat weathering a storm. A pitch black nothingness lit by strokes of lightning stretching like spindly fingers across the sky.
John threw up his hand in an awkward half wave, half salute, narrowly avoiding knocking over the now tepid cup of tea on the table.
Following John's acceptance of Holmes' offer, the man had instructed his driver to drop John at the deli across the street from his flat and unceremoniously shoved a tenner in his hand, before ordering him to eat. After which the git proceeded to close the door in John's face. Then, the car pulled smoothly away from the kerb and disappeared into traffic as if it had never been there.
Sherlock's shoulder was moving in such a way that John was sure he knew where that large hand was currently occupied. He longed to have Sherlock's hands around his throbbing prick, church or no.
Good God, the woman was walking wank material.
The question lit up on his screen, nearly brought John to tears in his amusement.
“What do you think?” John asked as Sherlock's eyes sped across the lines with fixed intensity.
John followed.
From upstairs, a muffled thump and then John’s hobbling steps on the landing. “Mum?”
Sherlock backed up until his flank hit the wall, disoriented and the white spots dancing across his vision didn't help, the fact that he hadn't eaten anything the night before and two days before then while the Förstner case had been ongoing only made things worse. John always did tell him how unhealthy of a habit that was.
The air in the room had grown thick with their shared breaths, and John was beginning to feel sticky and overheated. Before he could think about what was happening, Sherlock had pulled him the rest of the way off the chair and into his lap.
John stumbled over to his couch and crashed face down onto it, making sure to turn his cheek so he didn’t smear lipstick everywhere. He kicked off his shoes and curled up with his back facing the door. Ten minutes. Irene wouldn’t miss him.
“Go to sleep, John,” Sherlock muttered, “we’ve a long journey ahead of us.”
“Uh-uh.”
It wasn't the smile that did John in, but the subtle irish intonation to her words.
Sherlock didn't even spare them a glance as he tapped away on his phone, leaning back on John's ugly counter top in his posh bespoke suit that curved along the sinewy lines of his long body. "No, and neither should you," Sherlock said, cool as you please. "Whatever it is, it's probably dull and unoriginal as they all are. Undoubtedly my PR team has already taken care of it."
His arse red from a thrashing, and Sherlock’s hand matching colouration from the force of his blows. Sherlock would untie him, and John would eagerly take his cock, because he always enjoyed when Sherlock roughed him up a little. The image blinked, must’ve skipped forward, because John was swallowing him down, lips covered in a foamy mixture of semen and saliva.
The mention of his name snapped John out of his head, as Janine informed Holmes—who still had yet to acknowledge his presence—that John would be there for the last hour if he needed anything.
John smiled and ambled over to the armchair across from Sherlock's, and sank down in the seat, spreading his legs in an enticing display that Sherlock knew was intentional. The sight of John's capable body made Sherlock feverish with the thought of it fitting so perfectly between his legs.
Sherlock growled, already empty of whatever patience he’d harboured, though there wasn’t much to begin with. It had been two weeks since his confrontation with John, and Sherlock hadn’t been nearly as satisfied as he felt he should be. Especially after telling John what he’d been holding onto for years now. Being able to say what he needed to should have set him free, but he was just as much a slave to sentiment as he’d ever been. The mere thought of it nauseated him.
John turned, unable to see in the darkness, but wishing he could see his lover's face and figure out why he was being so jumpy. John sought out a shoulder in the darkness and used it as a guide to skirt up his neck and into tangled curls. He reached up and placed a reassuring kiss on Sherlock's lips and then pulled back just as quickly when the older man's breath began to come in quicker.
for updates, chapter excerpts and general Sherlock-y things!
“Sherlock,” John spoke calmly, but it didn't mean anything, not when Mycroft was meddling and Sherlock only had a few short hours with John. “Sherlock.”
John's head lolled against his forearms, nearly too far gone to answer.
It was fast-paced and gritty. His fingers were going to hurt later, stuffed as they were inside John’s tensing body, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care for all of that. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from John, the way a blush crawled up past his clavicles, tinged his straining neck a deep rosy colour.
The teasing tone of it was reminiscent of an easier time between them, so much so that Sherlock could almost bring himself to pretend the past six years hadn’t occurred.
Everything except the memories.
John reached for his left pocket, keeping his touch cautious and perfunctory as he slipped his finger into the opening. Sherlock's snarl went up a notch and John froze, glancing up at the alpha quizzically, but the wolf was glaring unwaveringly at the young human.
Lestrade shrugged, and pushed his hands in his pockets, his eyes fixed on John. "How is he?"
He had to admit, however, that the offer did present some appeal. Now that he would have officially completed school, John would need something to occupy his time until he decided on a place to do his medical internship. Also, John would need a steady source of reliable income.
John stepped forward, slowly, as if approaching a frightened animal, hesitant. Sherlock only watched him, though his chest heaved with the weight of his despair.
The nightlife here was rowdy and chaotic, a class of young rebels all set on ruining whatever future their parents wanted them to have, and John couldn't help but hate them a fraction more for it.
Well, guess that was that then. Holmes was royally cross with John, and Janine would be leaving in half an hour at 16.00. Which meant he would be alone with Holmes for a full hour before he could go home. Before lunch, the prospect would have excited John, and now, he didn't know what to expect from the capricious man.
As Sherlock spoke, he connected the earplugs to his phone and tapped a few buttons before sitting it on the bed next to John.
Without Dr Förstner's analysis of the drug, Sherlock would probably never be able to answer John's questions, but where it would have mattered two weeks ago, that in a way Förstner won, it didn't matter. Relief flowed through him like a stream, washing away the tragedies of the weeks past. He would always remember the time he nearly lost John, but now that Sherlock had him, he wouldn't let go for anything.
Sherlock snorted, although his words weren't mocking when he spoke. “Why should you be?”
"Is there any chance of me being able to shower and dress before I meet your kin?" John desperately hoped that Lestrade would allow him these small things. It was the one thing he could bring himself to ask for after Lestrade had already put his neck out for a man he barely even knew.
Sherlock collapsed back onto the couch, breathless as John began to move on him, a slow, dangerous grind that John noticed made his toes curl into the cushions and his fingers drag stinging welts down John’s thighs. Along with the arousal was the smug satisfaction that he could reduce this arrogant, otherworldly creature to a shivering mess and he hadn’t even got started properly. His thoughts must have shown on his face, because Sherlock’s eyes, which were wide and waxen before, narrowed into metallic slits. The next moment, he was pounding up into John’s body, two handfuls of John’s arse gripped in his palm as he forced John to ride him fast and hard.
Because really, there wasn't a pie that Jim Moriarty didn't have a finger in. Puppy really ought to know that.
“Sherlock.”
Inside, there were three shelves neatly stocked with an array instruments that John was sure at some point or another would be going in, around, or inside of him, if Sherlock had his way. John wasn't naïve, he'd done his research before, and had in fact, met a girl with decidedly unique tastes when it came to sex, but she'd only wanted to go as far as fuzzy cuffs and ball gags. Even that had been a little much for John at the time, but then again, that woman didn't have half the power over his body as Sherlock did.
,” he spat the word like one would talk about stepping in excrement or coming upon a dead animal on the side road, “is causing problems. I suggest you bring yourself up to date with the goings-on of James Moriarty before you skip off into the sunset with your doctor.”
The air was cool against John's nude body, a constant reminder that he was in a highly vulnerable position, under Sherlock's complete control.
“Please, Mycroft. As if I have to attend this pretentious drivel to provide money for a charity. Last I recall, the foundation I put
When Sherlock turned, John was standing, too, body angled towards the door.
Sherlock ran a finger over his lip absently, his eyes flicking back to John, who’d turned to face him again. For a moment, the intensity of their stare held true, and everything faded away in monotonous colours until the only thing that stood out was the deep, oceanic blue of John's eyes.
They didn’t speak again until the plates were taken away, but the silence was comfortable, and the air between them held promise. Of what, John was still waiting for Sherlock to set the terms.
John pursed his lips, and turned to evaluate his opponent, looking for possible weaknesses; the right places to aim for if he needed to restrain Victor, and of course, John's chances of sinking his teeth into the man's jugular. John realized he wanted this fight, he ached for it. His skin vibrated with the need to shed his human skin and
John smiled bitterly, the rest of his words lying heavy on his tongue. "Because," said John, "I thought that it might hurt you."
“I think we've got everything,” Victor broke in, his tone reluctant, as if he were loath to cut into Sherlock's moment with John. “It really will be my pleasure to design of your wardrobe, John. You seem like an open-minded gent, bit of cheek, and I'm sure Sherlock will tell me you've got some sass,” he said, patting John on the back lightly.
“Okay,” John nodded, because he didn't know either. Well, he thought he might know, but he would rather Sherlock say it in his own time. “Come here.”
. This morning, you had every opportunity to flee, yet you put yourself in harm's way to warn us."
John stood and threw the pictures onto the floor between them, trembling with the force of his discontent, and how poetic was that?! Behind him, Sebastian also took a step forward, but Jim raised a finger without tearing his gaze away, because Puppy was all bark and no bite.
The ground was faintly trembling beneath his knees, but Sherlock didn't care. He lifted a hand and tilted that beautifully defiant chin up, and leaned forward to plant a soft kiss on inviting lips. The first taste was sweet and full-bodied like the honey the bees in his Sussex apiary produced, lingering on his tongue so delightfully. Sherlock slid his hand to cup the back of his lover's neck and delved inside as deep as his partner would allow. He was a glutton, wanting more than he needed,
a student and he interviewed me for a school paper.” Sherlock didn't understand why he felt so nervous, so eager for Victor’s approval when it shouldn't mean anything to him. He wasn't ashamed of John nor how they met,but for some reason, Victor’s opinion of John seemed important.
Beside her, the acrobats flew and the dancers on the stage spun with their partners enthusiastically.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
“Fuck,” John hissed, eyes pinched shut as Holmes continued his attack on John’s prostate. He pistoned his cock into the warm cradle of Holmes’ mouth, already on the verge of an orgasm.
And there it was. John meant something to Sherlock, so why did John feel as if he'd been jilted? Maybe because he'd thought that it was possible that while he was falling, so was Sherlock. The man had certainly led him to believe that it was possible. Then, John thought about the pictures, about Moriarty's words, thought about what he couldn't give to Sherlock.
Jasper's lips curled up in a playful smile. "Oooh, how juicy. Better than Jeremy Kyle, I'd reckon."
When the night came to an end, John found himself silently mourning the close of the day as Sherlock slipped out of the sheets quietly. “Go to sleep, John,” Sherlock murmured, giving him one last kiss, before he threw his gown on and retreated to the living room. A moment later, the sound of the violin.
Sherlock shook his head in befuddlement and John's hackles raised at the condescension. "You're an idiot if you haven't realized we've passed this point eons ago," Sherlock stepped forward and grabbed John's face between his large hands. "You're not some passing fancy that I call for a fuck when I need it, and you were never that before. Before, when I said relationships weren't my area, I meant it and I still do. I'm horrible with sentiment and  I hate people, but I
Anxiety crashed into him, untenable and didn't let up until the car was pulling up to Baker Street. He shot out of the car and up the stairs, not waiting for John before he was stomping up the stairs to 221B and slamming into his room.
The only other furnishing in the room was an antiquated chest of drawers pushed into a dark corner of the room. The temperature was a bit low for John's liking, but as far as lodgings, this was far better than he had anticipated receiving.
It was too much to hope for, yet not good enough. Sherlock needed more than ‘if'. He needed to know that John would never, ever leave him again.
Oh. It was only Sarah.
Sarah closed the door behind her and looked John over with an appreciative smirk, smug and impressed with her handy work. "Here," she said tossing him the blazer, and placing the shoes down by his feet. "Good thing you boys are the same shoe size. At least Mike has some taste."
“The French are glad to die for love… They delight in fighting duals, but I prefer a man who lives and gives expensive... jewels!"
your employees treated, Mr Holmes?"
"He didn't threaten your life, or you would have informed me at once. Surely even you are not that much of a fool to keep something like that a secret. Something that would frighten you, something to scare you away. Jim always was the possessive sort and he knows that I've grown tired of his games."
Sherlock was standing so close now that John had to crane his neck to see the tall bastard’s face. “Um, I'm sorry - what?”
Never coming back.
It was near the end of the fifth year that John was forced to kill for the first time. He’d been leading his unit on patrol through a different route as was par for the course. They normally changed up the routine so as not to be ambushed, but somehow, the insurgents had received intel on their whereabouts.
That night, John dreamed of Sherlock, of gleaming pointed teeth and glowing pale eyes that followed him in the darkness. Wherever he was, it was void of any light and he could hear echoes and whispers playing off of hollow surfaces, but his sight failed him.
John stared back at Sherlock and wondered how he had ever missed it. This, what they were doing, it was child's play for Sherlock. John could see it swirling in his lover's eyes, the irritation, the voraciousness, proof that there was an itch that John was not scratching for him. Ropes and riding crops were tickles for Sherlock, but what Jim had shown him, that was what Sherlock wanted. And John was not so sure, then, that he was safe anymore.
“I love you,” Sherlock repeated. And that was that.
"John..."
At last, the music died out, as did John's grasp on consciousness.
"I beg your pardon," John asked, offended. His back straightened in his chair, pulse racing as he bristled.
Mike's parents had promised to purchase a flat near Bart’s where he would be interning when he finished Uni. He'd invited John to move along with him, but John was reluctant to agree. He wanted to earn his keep.
It didn't make sense, but then it made more sense than anything John had ever tried to make sense of. Bill’s voice was solid, yet it carried on the wind, or what little seemed to permeate the dense foliage. Everything about the moment was contradictory, and yet, John understood that more this everything else.
Sherlock stepped closer to him, now, his impassive façade all but withered away, leaving behind an expression of true covetousness. John stared back from beneath his brow, waiting for Sherlock to move, anything, but those brilliant eyes were flitting over his body, down his chest, cataloging.
No, Sherlock wasn't going to use physical means to get what he wanted. Words would be enough.
John moaned as one particular manoeuvre from Holmes made his mouth go dry. Holmes’ breathing was ragged and John knew he was close. John could feel an orgasm building from the tip of his toes, to the way his leg clamped around Holmes’ shoulder and his thighs began to quiver.
Sherlock was proving to be an unpredictable opponent. The beast was quick and agile, many times almost catching John's jugular between his razor like teeth whenever the smaller of the two thought he had the upper hand. It was almost embarrassing how easily Sherlock made it all seem, like a game of catch, except it was anything but. For a wolf his size, Sherlock was incredibly light on his feet and knowledgeable about when it was wise to use his height or weight to his advantage.
Jasper blinked rapidly, running a hand through his hair he took several deep breaths. John stood up, stretching his hands above his head, a yawn pushing at his lips. He was still a bit sleepy, but he reckoned it was too late to try and get a few more hours rest.
John couldn't tell if Sherlock was sweating or if it was his own overheated skin, but their clothes were growing damp. Sherlock pulled away, pressing his nose into John's perspiring neck, inhaling deeply. John shivered at the cool air and presented his neck to Sherlock. John was vulnerable in that moment, offering himself up to Sherlock's mercy, knowing now that he was risking so much for someone he wasn't sure would appreciate him for it in the long run. He could get up and leave, take a cab to Lewisham and email Sherlock his resignation, but there was a thrill to being with Sherlock, a freedom. John didn't want to leave.
John had been texting Sarah in-between lessons throughout the day, updating her on all the new developments. It felt nice to talk to someone normal after all the uneasiness of the day. Janine was sweet and personable, but Sarah was a familiar face and a warm voice.
"Mum?" John called as soon as he'd walked into the bedsit. The room was dark and shadowy, every corner draped in darkness, and his mother slumped lazily in the middle of the couch. An empty syringe was laid out on the table before her, and the tourniquet still wrapped around his mother's abused arm.
The door swung open and there was the wild haired, bespectacled teenager of his lover, staring at John with such utter relief, he couldn't stop the sharp pang of guilt that shot through him. Jasper started forward, albeit, a bit more slowly than he'd walked through the door.
! Please go show her tumblr page some love for this wonderful work of
John was still clearly unsure, but Sherlock could see the moment his control slipped and the man was moving quickly across the room. When they were nearly touching, so close that Sherlock could feel the heat from John's body wrapping around him like a warm blanket, John paused. Sherlock couldn't look away, and he didn't want to. He had this Alpha, had earned him, and no, this one couldn't be broken, because Sherlock didn't want to.
Sherlock looked like he was about to slap him.
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek and tried to push the consuming feeling of guilt to the back of his mind. Dwelling about his mistakes wouldn’t help the situation. He would have to take positive action; things went awry, and the past couldn’t be changed, but the present was ready to be molded and improved.
Sherlock inconveniently remembered at that very moment, that they hadn’t been reading for the last three days. Something akin to dread settled in his heart.
in his chest.
There was no way in hell that he’d tell his mate that he and Sherlock were…
Well, there’s no time like the present.
, but it got mixed up with so many negative emotions that most days it seemed like they gained less than they lost.
“It’s hard.”
that he wasn’t a baby. It was a stupid thing, but it worked for him. It always worked for him.
“Anytime, John.”
He bit his lip, would Greg think that he was a baby, now? It were two different things; knowing what age-play
But he also wanted his Daddy.
The great Sherlock Holmes lost in the woods.
that he loved Sherlock and was loved by Sherlock in return; it was more hearing it out in the open, leaving Greg’s lips so casually, like it was the easiest thing in the world- that got to him for reasons he couldn’t even phantom.
But Sherlock- bless his soul- just looked at him with that deducing twinkle in his eyes; read him very gently and instead of leaving only
If somebody had told Gregory Lestrade that he’d be spending the early hours of his morning having a heart to heart with Scotland Yard’s self-diagnosed sociopath, he would have flipped them off.
They were sitting by the fire at Baker Street, well after midnight, searching through police reports and witness’ interviews. Sherlock knew John had the early shift, because Sherlock persuaded him to not call in sick, because Sherlock knew that his partner took his job as a doctor seriously (Because Sherlock tried, with all of his might, to be the best possible boyfriend that he could be, while still being the genius consulting detective he was).
“You’re important, too.”
While Greg cut up some apples and carrots into bite-sized pieces, he remembered something relatively important which he had neglected up to this point. Greg took a deep breath and carefully kept his tone light when he called into the living room, where John was already perched up in a nest of blankets on the floor.
“Alright then, big boy.”
“It’s not… that. I’m upset at myself.”
Sherlock Holmes wasn’t one easily surprised. It came with the gift of deduction, that he got to the core of every situation fairly quickly, his acquaintances an open book providing him with all the answers he possibly needed. Emotions had always puzzled him to some extent, but over the years spent with people like Lestrade or John, who had a high emotional intuition bestowed upon them, he had considerably improved in this area.
John, who had been sneaking strawberry slices the whole time while Greg pretended not to notice, gave him a berry-red grin. “You remember who we’re talking about, right? Sherlock doesn’t know
Sherlock wasn’t very good in controlling his emotions, always drawn to extremes- either feeling too much or nothing at all. Ever since he met John- had been with John- he was feeling constantly. Overwhelmingly.
Because he wasn’t a whiny baby.
Sherlock’s mind was reeling. They really hadn’t been going at this the right way at all. Some fine Daddy he was.
An adult scared shitless about wetting the bed.
“Sorry?” He had to make sure.
It was that exact moment in which Sherlock realized that he slithered into the whole age-play endeavor tremendously unprepared, despite the amounts of research he had done. His sole focus had been on comfort and fun, but- as he now realized- these were just some parts of the whole deal. He honestly didn’t know if he could offer that sort of guidance which only now dawned on him.
“I just want to go home. Please, Sherlock.”
There was plenty of time for big John to worry about them, later.
“That, my friend, is frankly tragic and I cannot let that stand.” (He himself only remembered it vaguely, but little John seemed to really enjoy it when he was acting silly.)
Sherlock didn’t look after John. Sherlock didn’t help John. Sherlock was a self-centered bastard, and John was his selfless, caring doctor, blogger, and friend.
He squinted at the screen, the harsh light burning in his eyes, and was already readying himself for a work emergency. Solving crimes was a job that never really went to sleep, and that had been a risk he had been well aware of right from the start. Still, he wasn’t much of a morning person, not that this ungodly hour could be counted as ‘morning’.
But Sherlock was so excited yet again- after going quite some time without any decent cases- John just didn’t have the heart to ruin this for him.
but that it was
“Can it be a Disney movie?” John asked, tone hopeful.
A simple fact about Sherlock Holmes was that he loved being right.
“Love isn’t perfect.”
But he could do better. Starting right now.
. People had looked up to him, people had trusted him, people had put their faith in him. If they would see him now…
Greg propped his legs up at the coffee-table and treated himself to an ice-cold can of ginger ale. After their wonky start, the day turned out amazing and he congratulated himself on a job well done. He sank into the couch, content with himself and the world, getting immersed in some soccer game on the telly. His favored team was playing.
The cocoon was quiet for ten long heartbeats.
“I thought you didn’t want to be my Daddy anymore. I…I thought you… you realized that this isn’t, that I’m not-“
“John, what’s all this about?”
But that’s not how it works. Come on.
The doctor still felt bad for his reaction (which- he now realized- was totally blown out of proportion), but he wasn’t calm enough to go back to Baker Street. He was hot-tempered by nature; it wouldn’t be the first night he spent away from home after an argument. Letting another beer lull his senses and crashing in Greg’s comfortable guest bedroom was a much more attractive option than going home half-drunk and dealing with Sherlock.
“It’s a good look on him,” the DI commented (and made a mental reminder to send the selfie to John’s phone later).
Sherlock didn’t know why he was even reassuring John about this kind of thing; he and John both were aware that he was very much an adult, nowhere near an infant. But it seemed like the right thing to do; it seemed like the thing John needed to hear. This new discovered side in himself seemed to know what he needed to do, what he needed to offer, to give.
Before John could dwell on whether he liked the idea or not, he was already pulled to the bathroom and the bath was already running. He watched silently when Sherlock poured half the bottle of bubbles into the tub, creating a wall of foam in mere seconds.
“That being said- it’s not bad to quarrel and fight every now and again. Just because you love each other doesn’t mean you always have to agree on everything.”
“Look at you,” he cooed at his partner lovingly. “I think it’s time for a bath.”
“Look, Sherlock, can’t you just leave me alone? You’ve been really great at that the last couple of days, after all.”
The nod was so tiny it could have been easily missed, but Sherlock felt it clear and strong and final against his chin.
He wanted to bask in this feeling; loose himself in it and just let Sherlock take the lead, Sherlock always knew what to do. Sherlock was capable to deal with everything; and John wanted him to deal with
But now, it had been four weeks already and John started to experience a deep longing in his heart, that manifested in sadness and frustration whenever he sat down to eat his dinner alone, trotted in front of the telly alone, and fell asleep very alone.
