He didn’t want to let John know that he was constantly surprised by his friend. He sniffed. He tried to think of a haughty reply that would end this conversation and give him the upper hand, as usual. But he really, really wanted to know the truth.
When John spoke in his Captain Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers Fuck You Very Much voice, he meant what he said.
John groaned, running his fingers gently through Sherlock’s hair, pushing it back from his forehead so that he could see better. The view was stunning. Sherlock’s pink lips stretched around the head of his cock, aquamarine eyes staring into his own.
He sunk down onto the bed on his right side, his head was buried in John’s pillow, feet still on the floor. He inhaled and tried not to think. The pillow smelled of John’s sensible shampoo, his light cologne, and a bit of musk from the heat and sweat they had shared just that morning. He tried not to think about how disappointed and furious John was with him, but humiliation and sadness gripped him again, and he started breathing heavily. John would make sure he was taken care of, but he was convinced John would someday tire of putting up with his shit.
“But it was an easy enough deduction. You were annoyed by my dickish behaviour, sorry about that, by the way.” Ah, an apology just appeared to spill from my lips. Interesting. “So you went walking and ended up having lunch and a few pints at the pub with the recent remodel just down the road from Hanover gate.”
He was such an idiot. He shouldn’t be thinking of this. He never would have been thinking about anything like this before John. John had made him like everyone else. An idiot.
They met at a flat in Brooklyn. It was small but with gorgeous light and an exposed brick wall. When Billy showed up John’s brain supplied,
Thanks to his father’s gambling, he had left home at fifteen and couch-surfed in London for a time. He developed a sense for the underbelly of the city. Mary was definitely involved with something dodgy. He was desperate to find out what was going on so he could fix it.
I took a deep breath in order to project loudly, but the door opened and I shut my mouth with an unfortunate click of teeth. Hudders walked in with a tray of tea and slices of cake.
I suppose this is where this story earns its explicit rating, although it isn't because of anything John and Sherlock do together (yet).
Sherlock lifted his head, twisted around, and looked at John. His tone of voice was off somehow. Sleepy. Tense.
Sherlock eyed the drink. He was pleased to find chunks of fresh blackberry, clearly just muddled, peppered throughout the drink. He took the extra-wide straw between two long fingers and jabbed at the blackberries, limes, and ice. It was thick with all three ingredients, plus rum and açai liquor.
Sherlock bucked his hips into John’s fist. He tightened his fist on John’s cock and moved his hand faster. It was too hard, too fast but neither of them minded. They claimed orgasms from each other right there against the door, moaning loudly, uncaring whether Mrs. Hudson or anyone else could hear.
Unfortunately for me, the atmosphere at Phoenix Palace, while ostensibly romantic, would not provide me with a second attempt by Dr. John Watson to woo me. It’s absolutely for the best since I’ve always prided myself on remaining unattached and emotionally secured. I valued reason and logic above all else and was educated at an early age about the dangers of sentimental attachment.
“Left shoulder,” John smiled a large genuine grin. How had this stupidly exquisite creature seen John so completely.
John watched as he paced in front of their windows, bare arse muscles flexing. Long, flaccid penis bouncing back and forth with each stilted step, as Sherlock tried to hear something John could not.
He thought he’d go, hang around the café, maybe have some mulled wine and watch everyone make a fool of themselves, especially John. Maybe he could sneak into the Natural History Museum’s mineralogy lab. He hadn’t seen Robin in a while. But Molly had been adamant about everyone participating, and when John gave him ‘the look’ Sherlock was unable to resist.
“He was here for an appointment. Graham told me he was coming and where to take him and that’s what I did. I was in and out of here since then. A few people came and went but I don’t believe any of them was your friend.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and opened his eyes wide. John was confused at first, but then remembered that the doubtful look must be indicating his poor decision-making as it pertained to certain illegal substances.
It was the plan of a dangerous and deranged narcissist. If someone doesn’t return your sentiments, what can you do? One cannot go around murdering people’s families as seduction.
“John!” Sherlock surged forward and wrapped his arms around John’s waist. John’s chest heaved huge breaths. He could do nothing but sit on his heels, rest his head on the tile, and breathe. Sherlock kissed and kissed over his shoulder and neck, murmuring, “All right? Are you all right?”
“No you.” Sherlock walked over to him and placed one finger in the cleft of his chin and ran other through John’s soft hair. He kissed his lips softly. John smiled up at him and let Sherlock look.
John looked straight into his eyes and watched Sherlock watch him slide his lips over the tip of his hardening cock. Sherlock gasped, his hands tightening in John’s hair. He kept his hips still and John moaned because he loved the feeling of Sherlock’s huge hands on his head.
They were quiet a bit longer as John turned back to walk over to the mantle. Sherlock got their tea and put both cups down on the small table next to his red brocade chair. He gestured for John to sit.
At the moment it was pleasingly erect due to the REM sleep induced hormonal peak dominating John’s present physiology. Sherlock took in every detail about the small trail of hair leading from his stomach to the trimmed blond hair on his pubis. He memorized the shape of the frenulum, the meandering veins, the seam and pebbled skin of his bollocks, the color of the head compared to the shaft, and the musky clean smell of skin, soap, and cotton.
Sometimes things needed to be explained very clearly to Sherlock. “Yes. Yes, of course,” He didn’t know what had gotten into his flustered friend so he sought to re-assure him of the thing he was surest of. John grabbed a towel and dried his hands. He ran his hands up Sherlock’s chest, noting he was breathing shallowly with agitation.
He assumed Sherlock was going to try to sleep again, but when he looked down, he was watching him again. John quirked his lips upwards in an affectionate smile.
“Major? Nice. So you and Major James Sholto had fantastic tea together in Afghanistan for how long?”
John was finally starting to feel aware of his surroundings. His body was limp, though he was gaining some control with every heartbeat. He’d never quite felt so buzzy, like and old telephone dial-tone humming not only in his ears but across his muscles and down his spine.
“God, John! You must think I’m the world’s strangest person.” John looked startled, he noticed with satisfaction. He knew he should try to keep his emotions tamped down but he was helpless against his own insecurities. “Why are you even here if you think I’m some kind of a freak? Huh?” he huffed.
The woman’s eyes went wide and she gasped in shock. Tough-Guy’s whole face turned red and he said loudly, “I...I...do...not...I do not!” To his girlfriend, he said, ”Baby, I don’t. That’s not why...”
Sherlock had been looking at John’s hand. It only took a moment before his lip quivered and his whole face crumpled.
Sherlock wanted inside, but started again with his tongue. Flattened, pointed, sucking, kissing. It didn’t matter, they both loved it all. John wriggled and moaned, reaching back to spread his arse cheeks apart. Sherlock loved John like this, gasping for it.
He stood there and blinked at the display before him. If he was downloading and saving every detail to a secret bedroom closet in his mind palace, it was no one’s business but his own.
John still couldn’t hear anything. He walked up to Sherlock, pulled off that ridiculous cap, and placed both hands tightly over his ears. Sherlock stilled and looked gratefully down at John.
“Case if we’re lucky. I live in hope,” he sighed. “But probably just a few experiments. Check on the dust in your old room. And Molly gave me a kidney whose unfortunate former owner was an infrequent synthetic cathinone user.”
John moaned and Sherlock looked up at him. John watched with want etched on every feature and lust in his eyes.
“Thank you.” He wondered if he was easy to read or if she was exceedingly clever. He supposed it could be both. She quirked her eyebrow waiting for him to speak. “I’m from London but I live in New York. I studied chemistry. I want to make as much money as I can, while I can.”
During the next ten minutes, Sherlock took a break, identified the murderer, and texted Lestrade. The suspect swung at Sherlock’s head with a beer bottle. John’s quick response was to knock the man unconscious with one hand, while plucking the bottle out of the air with the other. Greg and his team swarmed the place, listened to Sherlock’s deductions, grabbed the bottle for fingerprints, and carted him away.
They’d been perfectly, comfortably buzzed in the flat. Well, John was comfortable. When Sherlock drank there was a certain time in the night where he got very restless, usually followed by a crash. John was fuzzily concerned that they would be in the middle of their urban park when the crash occurred. Determined not to worry about it, he began to enjoy the night. The longer they walked, the better he felt.
Sherlock couldn’t stand when Victor was angry with him. He seemed to be the only person that could make Sherlock want to be better. He loved his friend and maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to be kissed.
John seemed shocked into stillness, which lasted about three seconds. He surged up and grabbed Sherlock’s face, crashing their lips together. His chest was heaving as he panted out, “Yes...oh, god, yes...I want that.”
Sherlock nodded. “He was already on alert because of Victor, then when I didn’t leave Shoreditch house...he had every vehicle leaving the vicinity followed.”
A horrifying and disappointing deduction popped into my brain. From everything I knew about my new friend, I had my doubts but the deduction was there anyway.
A sort of helpless squeak came from Jack’s parted lips as John leaned up and brushed their mouths together. Jack leaned down into it, grabbed his face and kissed him so desperately that John almost laughed. After a short time of exploring each other’s lips with teeth and tongues, John pulled back and stared up into beautiful green eyes. “Beautiful.”
Sherlock’s eyes bored into his. John startled a bit at the intensity of the scrutiny but held his stare.
“The dishes,” he yelled, “Now get off me!” John pushed hard, arse to pelvis. This had the desired effect of causing the big posh limpet to stumble backwards, which allowed John to do three things simultaneously. He turned quickly, flicked sudsy water at Sherlock’s face, and yelled, “Git!”
The second time, he was awoken from a deep sleep by Sherlock taking his hand. Sherlock’s hands were gorgeous with long skillful fingers. He took John’s smaller hand between both of his and placed all three between his upper thighs.
) pull out a narrow pair reading glasses, the kind you can buy at Boots, and put them on his perfect nose. His dark blue irises were slightly magnified, giving Sherlock that familiar flutter whenever he thought about the uniqueness of John’s eye color. He wondered how he could still be excited, still be thrilled actually, to be the recipient of his indigo gaze after all of these years.
“I think,” he started, but his voice cracked. He began again and said very quietly, “I think i should give you up.”
I sighed and threw myself onto the couch, back to him. I said to the couch cushions, “Really John, no need to be so dramatic.”
Sherlock groaned and took John’s cock back into his mouth. It was a relief. John’s cock was meant to be down his throat, his tongue was designed to flatten and cradle the head of John’s erection. And when his own cock was down John’s throat at the same time? Well, all was right in the world.
He raised his chin so bite down on Sherlock’s earlobe, moaned, then whispered, “You make me feel so good, you’re amazing, brilliant. There’s no one like you, you’re the only one. I adore you.”
John texted the name of a coffee shop in Jackson Heights while they were still connected, and said, “Now.” Sherlock agreed and said he’d be there soon.
John just stood and stared at her, palms out trying to placate her. She steadily looked back at him.
“This is mine,” he said between kisses and soft sucks that had Sherlock’s knees buckling, tingling nerves running the length of his entire body. “This long, gorgeous neck drives me crazy, and it’s mine.”
John realized how unusual it was, how comfortable he was at Sherlock’s flat. With him but not needing to touch or talk. He was comforted by the crazy wallpaper, the cluttered shelves, the television sitting in a corner at an unwatchable angle.
They collapsed together, John a heavy weight along Sherlock’s back. His cock twitched inside him. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed, “You’ve got me seeing stars.”
It could have been snarky, it could have been rude or sarcastic, but Sherlock said this with a quiet sense of wonder that made John shiver. Confirmation that this boy wanted him was all John needed to take this to the next step.
Next there was scuffling and Sherlock moaning as he was being moved, presumably. As he felt his stomach drop, John hadn’t felt as helpless since lying in a hospital bed waiting for news of James and his men. He listened in horror as a whispered conversation barely made a sound through the speaker.
As we ate, conversation was easy. He asked me about my university days but I was hesitant to divulge much beyond my course of study. He seemed to sense my reticence and immediately changed the subject to Mycroft.
John nodded but felt less than convinced. He’d have to put on his soldier face, his confident Captain’s attitude to deal with this.
I picked up the paper and started reading, hoping for a new mysterious incident we could investigate. Adrenaline, a rush around London, that would improve his mood.
Now Sherlock could feel John’s morning erection against his sacrum. Morning wood. What a wonderful tradition for the healthy male body. He rocked back against it indulgently, loving the feeling of it anywhere, anytime.
Sherlock nodded and said, “All right. What are we going to do? We need to find out more about Agra. Mary too, I suppose, but it sounds like she won’t willingly speak to you.”
They each emitted small grunts and groans that were probably entirely inappropriate for the sidewalk, outside of the Russell Square Pret windows, at half four, on a Thursday. That wasn’t why their kiss slowed, however. Once John’s large smile, and Sherlock’s large smile, made it impossible to go on, they stopped and stood staring at each other with huge grins and the occasional giggle. It was entirely undignified and they heard, not one but two, tuts directed their way by passers-by. Neither of them gave a toss.
John doesn’t add the awkward, placating, almost embarrassing way he had previously ended that question. He doesn’t need to say that this time.
John seemed to understand and pushed the hand not grasping Sherlock’s cock against his arse to drive his erection further down John’s throat. Afraid of hurting John, he reluctantly pulled off at the last possible second and rested John’s erection on his cheek. Sherlock stilled and arched his back, pulsing his release down John’s throat over and over again. He was vaguely aware of his quiet strangled cry emitted through gritted teeth. God, John knew how to milk the pleasure out of him.
It took Sherlock a second to register what John had said. He cursed his fuzzy brain and pulled away to say, “No.”
John was dazzled. He was intrigued. It was highly unusual that a Major in the British Army would seek out a journalist of any kind.
John blinked down at him, tears prickling dangerously at the back of his eyes. He never expected to gain the love and trust of the most interesting, gorgeous, sexy, infuriating genius on the planet, but somehow he had. His heart swelled to bursting as he softly said, “You’re everything to me too.”
This man, this gorgeous, young model was so unlike anyone John had ever met. He could have been vacuous, vain, uncaring but he was the exact opposite. Scary-smart, gentle, and loving. John was helpless against his feelings for Sherlock.
Sherlock quickly kissed his lips. He said, “Then trust that whatever anyone does or says is ignored and dismissed.” He paused then to lean forward and press his lips to John’s. Slowly he opened his mouth and pressed his tongue against John’s in a passionate tangle of warmth and wetness.
They laid together like that for a long time, weakly thrusting against each other or squeezing flesh with seeking hands whenever the urge struck. John felt completely at home, completely comfortable, naked on the sofa with Sherlock and the evidence of their pleasure cementing their bellies together. It was so much like home. So familiar. He wondered how it could be so comfortable. He imagined it was because Sherlock was his, and had been his for years. Now it was reciprocated. Now it was started. Now it was forever more.
That last word was all that mattered. It didn’t matter that he was on drugs. John had been in the fashion world for enough months to have seen some things. He’d seen people half off their arses and still function professionally. So if Billy could handle the model and keep the light meter calibrated, then John was happy.
It was of a man, looking to be in his early-thirties, vamping for the camera with an outrageous, flirty smile. He was just on the other side of handsome but with an incredibly symmetrical face, dark hair, and a shortly-cropped beard.
He looked up and must have realized what he was doing. He pulled both hands down to his lap and clasped them together, muttering, “Sorry, love.”
Sherlock captured his lips into another kiss. John slid his knee between Sherlock’s and pushed his legs apart. One of John’s hands smoothed down the back of his thigh then pressed his hamstring up so he could wrap his ankle around John’s thighs. In one strong movement, John slotted himself between Sherlock’s thighs, placed his hands on his arse, and pulled his feet right off of the ground. Sherlock gasped at the sensation of being held up by John, erections aligning, and crossed his ankles behind John’s back. John lifted and walked him down the hall, never breaking their kisses.
Sherlock was momentarily stunned. John wasn’t afraid of forever. It wasn’t too soon. Their thoughts were in sync, their feelings mutual, their hopes identical. What a wonderful feeling it was to love and be loved.
“John,” he said. John was unsurprised to hear a British accent. Models came from all over the world to work in New York.
Immediately, Sherlock reacted to this by pushing in deeper, swiping his finger along John’s prostate again. All the while, he licked and licked around his fingers.
Well, now he was really confused. John was angry. He pushed him away, pushed him onto the floor, and rejected his hands. He walked away and now he was the one pacing.
He left Sherlock alone in Mary’s office. He sat on one of the chairs near the window, crossing one ankle over the other knee. He breathed deeply and willed the tension to leave his face. After almost ten minutes of waiting, he leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He thought about John. He had no idea what to do. He wanted John and he thought John wanted him, but it was clear from John’s avoidance of Sherlock’s bedroom last night and his expressed desire to be friends that nothing would happen between them. It was for the best, Sherlock knew. He felt compelled to protect John from the sure disaster a relationship with him would be. They could work this case together, find Victor, and remain friends and possibly work together again. It was enough, it would -
John pulled him down for a kiss full of hope, joy, and love. For the first time in a long time, he was excited for what was to come.
John was still blissed out when Sherlock made his first shadow animal, a dog. With each movement of his pinky he softly said, “Woof, woof, woof.”
Something was bothering John. He was reluctant to bring it up, to open up old wounds but in the interest of good communication he said, “This case got under my skin a bit.”
. John stayed close, asked the doctors all of the right questions, and kept his hand on some part of Sherlock the whole time.
The bedroom air was cool on his heated skin. Sherlock pulled the sheet up to cover himself. He noticed the movement made a flurried shadow on the nearest wall. He experimented with his fingers to determine where the light was coming from, and where the shadow would land. To his delight, the shadow landed on the wall nearest to John’s side of the bed.
Before Mary started keeping secrets, she had invited him to have drinks with a few of the models. John walked through the pub door and spotted Mary with a few blokes at a table. They were all, of course, beautiful. But Jack was perfect. He was immediately drawn to his green eyes, strong jaw, and genuine smile. John sat down next to him. He watched him surreptitiously, not wanting to spook the beauty with an open-mouthed leer, as his heart and cock wanted him to. He was skittish, shy, appeared awkward when any attention was on him. John wondered how he actually did his job.
John seemed to sense the change and growled into his neck. “God, the taste of you.” Sherlock moaned. John moved his hands and mouth down his body, biting hard at each nipple. Sherlock gasped at each pinch, suck, and bite. John licked down the length of his cock, until he nudged his nose under his balls. He swiped his tongue along his perineum. Sherlock was afraid he might come.
John moved back to Baker Street on a date that Sherlock would have designated a national holiday if he cared at all about holidays. Only a few weeks later, the newspapers screamed about a British Army Major-General caught having a love affair with a lower ranking officer. It had derailed both of their careers temporarily, but each got good private sector jobs despite the scandal. Sherlock was only interested in the story at all because of his interest in John’s interest in Army news.
Sherlock looked around at Billy and the others watching them and said, “John, I’d really rather not talk about Milan.”
Seb visibly tensed at this. “I’d rather do this here and now. We have a fundraiser to attend and need to leave very soon.”
John remembered what Mycroft had told him about a second location they were going to investigate in hopes of finding more victims. There was also Graham, Mary, and any number of people from Agra to interrogate. He was confident they’d find more. “They’ll find Noah, I’m sure of it.”
With tea at home unfulfilled, I decided to head to Speedy’s on the way to Barts. Molly would offer coffee but it simply did not compare to Speedy’s tea and Chelsea bun.
Sherlock pressed one finger past the ring of muscle, kissing and licking around it, easing its way. Soon he had three fingers slowly pushing in and out of John, continuing to use his tongue and lips. He couldn’t help it, he dropped his other hand to his own cock and started to pump it furiously.
They walked down to the cafe and took their coffees into the courtyard. They sat at a small table with Greg’s mobile face up between them. They sipped in silence for a long time. John knew Greg was watching him. Adrenaline had worn off and he hope the caffeine would focus his mind. But the truth was he was worried sick and the tremor in his left hand was coming back. He hated to think that all of his post-traumatic stress syndrome symptoms would return. He silently vowed not to sleep (no dreams) until Sherlock was found.
“Posh boy,” John drawled before Sherlock hurled him up and away onto his bed. He jumped back to the corner of the room and stared. After a moment he noticed his rapid blinking and made himself stop.
“Brilliant. You are brilliant,” John smiled and pulled him in for a kiss. They kissed deep and slow for several long minutes.
John stood in the hallway of a very posh apartment building, keeping silent as Greg’s people entered the listed address of Graham the Assistant. The only reason he was allowed at the scene was because he’d insisted, and would not step less than half a meter from Greg at any time. Greg acquiesced because he’d helped make the connection between James and Graham. What he didn’t know was that Greg had also allowed it because he liked John and knew that he was good for Sherlock.
Mycroft continued, now in a rush, “I miss you. I know I ruined everything, but I want to ask if you could possibly forgive me and let me have you again.”
As Sherlock was known for misunderstanding the difference between “good” and “not good,” he was unsure what to do with John’s leg which dangled awkwardly off the bed. He stared for an unknown period of time while John slept soundly.
“I know you better every day, and I realized that I love every bit of you. So, yeah, I had a couple of days to think about it and I decided to stop being afraid.”
Perhaps a conversation with Hudders would help. She might be able to help me understand. She seemed to know a fair amount about normal human behaviour and possibly sex. I shuddered and promised myself that I would not bring up that particular subject with her.
He decided not to listen to the location scout and go with his own idea. He liked to work a certain way, and he didn’t want to change now.
At the end of Baker Street, there’s a Chinese restaurant that stays open late. That is where I took John the second time we ate together.
It swirled and moved almost sensuously on Sherlock’s lean frame. John clicked and clicked trying to catch the drama of the his silhouette.
They learned everything they could about the Agra offices in Bloomsbury from an internet search. Then they visited D. I. Lestrade at New Scotland Yard, a first time in the famous building for John. They shared handshakes and greetings in his third floor office. “Call me Greg,” he said.
Despite the seriousness of his injury, despite the pain, despite his uncertainty about his own career, his thoughts never wandered too far from James.
All they had ever shared was one kiss. If Sherlock hadn’t fallen asleep that night. If he hadn’t snuck out in the early morning hours. If he hadn’t resisted calling or texting for weeks. If he hadn’t been stupid fucking Sherlock Holmes they would know where John was sleeping tonight. But as it was, Sherlock had no choice but to say, “There’s a second bedroom upstairs.”
Sherlock needed to sleep. All he could think of was John Watson, in his flat, in bed. He felt wrong, itchy, restless. His desire kept his brain humming with questions about John’s sleeping habits, his dreams, what he wore, how he would smell. It drove him crazy until his exhaustion won and he finally slept a dreamless sleep.
“Sherlock, yes! Fuck, you feel so good. You’re going to make me come,” he gasped, “Yeeeesssss…” He froze, back arched slightly so his face was buried even deeper into Sherlock’s throat, and came over his hand and pulsing onto Sherlock’s stomach. He shuddered through it while Sherlock held onto him. John’s hand was moving slightly, spreading come over the both of their cocks. His cock gave one last pulse, and he moved his body so now his hand was only on Sherlock.
These gorgeous young hardbodies who winked and thrust their hips forward were no match for John Watson. John smirked into his drink. Sherlock looked over at him and frowned. He frowned back and tilted his head as if to say,
Relaxed and resolved to simply tell John how I felt, I emerged from the bath without touching my needy prick. I dried my body and wrapped the towel around my head. I walked naked into my bedroom to choose an outfit for the day. I belatedly realized that my door was open. I would have to remember that I shared rooms now. Lucky for me, John was still not home. I shut the bedroom door and resumed my search for trousers and a shirt. My sock index chose for me and I dressed quickly, toeing on the Yves Saint Laurents. I grabbed the Belstaff on the way out the door, veering left to enter Speedy’s.
Sherlock tracked the movement of his hand with keen interest. John decided to just leave his hand there lightly resting over the bulge.
He entered the sitting room and scanned it until his eyes fell upon mine. I attempted to school my face into a friendly smile. My nerves (irritatingly) made this difficult. However, as I excel at play-acting, I assumed that I succeeded.
Sherlock adored this version of John. When he showed his wicked, naughty side. He could talk with this John for hours. He tried to coax some stories out of him.
When two forensics technicians entered the small space, John stood there watching them. He felt completely helpless, he imagined he could still feel Sherlock in the room. He still heard his impossibly deep voice, raised a few octaves, saying “What are you…” before it trailed off. John watched as the technicians took fingerprints from every available surface in the room. John looked around. There was nothing more to see. Just his imagination filling in the picture of Sherlock laid out on the carpet, helpless and trying to say his name.
Now they were sweaty and sated again. After grabbing a flannel to clean them both up a bit, John was laying with his left cheek on Sherlock’s pectoral muscle. Sherlock was on his back with his right arm around John’s head and neck, drawing lazy soft circles around his scarred shoulder. John’s right hand roamed over Sherlock’s belly, down to scratch into the neatly trimmed hair around his softening damp cock.
In a flash, John knew why. Everything made sense. He could not believe his own brain. He stood in the center of the living room replaying their conversation. He recalled every word, every gesture, and he grew surer and surer. He had no idea how long he’d been standing there, but the flat was quiet and Sherlock had not come out of his room. John needed to go to him.
When they sat down at the table, Mary looked at them both and let a slow smile form on her lips. Obnoxious James huffed in annoyance. Mary winked at John and Jack blushed. John thought he was adorable.
She looked at him innocently, a bit too innocently, he thought. “I meant he left for a fantastic shag with a sexy bit of rough. Jealous?” He knew she meant to provoke him with that.
“So fucking sexy,” said John, “Look at you.” Lazily, he rubbed his toes up Sherlock’s taut thigh and along the length of his cock. Sherlock thrust his hip forward, seeking more friction, as he dropped his head back. John stroked firmer along his shaft, clumsily pushing the head of his cock into his belly and massaging in small circles. Sherlock gasped, jerking his head back up. He grabbed at John’s foot and stilled it.
I rolled my eyes. I was going to have to get up from the sofa and head to the landing to try again. That woman could be so tedious. On my way across the main room, I thought of a few tests I would have to administer to determine if her slowness to respond to my beckoning was due to age-appropriate hearing loss or simple petulance.
He walked around the room then paced rapidly back and forth in front of the windows. He answered, “Sherlock Holmes.”
He couldn’t take any more. Not one minute more. He stood and walked to John, pulling him into his arms. John went willingly and weakly put his arms around Sherlock’s waist, while he buried his forehead into his chest.
*When Sherlock stubbed his toe on the foot of John’s chair and acted like it was as painful as that time he got pistol whipped in the jaw. Sherlock’s toes were especially sensitive. As soon as John got him to stop jumping around and howling, he sat him down in his chair and kissed the tender toe until Sherlock’s watery eyes lifted to his and smiled, softly saying
I took up with some old notes from the early days of London’s police force. In the case that I had dug up they missed every clue, of course. The Bow Street Runners were more interested in serving warrants and collecting fees through the magistrate than they were in actually solving crimes. I begrudgingly accepted that today’s Scotland Yard was better. They should be after almost 260 years!
Sherlock placed one last peck on John’s lips and climbed off of him, wincing slightly. He held out his hand to John. John took it and he pulled him to standing, then led him into the small loo. They cleaned themselves up with a flannel found on the edge of the tub. Sherlock tossed it over his shoulder, never taking his eyes off of John. John stared back at him, letting his hands wander over Sherlock’s torso.
On their first night together he thought John was attracted to him and had been flirting with him. But his denials that night, and his subsequent repudiations were so convincing that Sherlock knew he was mistaken. Sherlock hated that he had a weak spot, but he did. He had never learned to recognize when someone was chatting him up.
Sherlock turned away from John and skated as fast as he could towards the exit. He made it to the edge of the ice and stopped abruptly, nearly falling again, when his skates hit the rubber mat on the other side of the rink’s wall.
“I deduced that you were attracted to me when we first met, but then it seemed like you got to know me better and decided that I wasn’t worthy of your attention in that way.”
Their knees touched. Sherlock wasn’t used to John being this close into his personal space, and leaned back against the sofa cushion. But John didn’t look angry, he looked pensive, almost frightened. And a bit sad. He didn’t look away though, which Sherlock took as a good sign. He didn’t want to upset John. He loved John. He needed John. He just needed for John to forgive him so they could get back to normal.
Sherlock’s eyes focused on John’s and he breathed in a giant inhale, pausing as his lungs filled. He finally said, “You…?” It was half a question.
“John, you have to let me,” he said, as he scooted back and clawed at the drawstring of John’s pajama bottoms.
“Stop yelling. You’re white as a sheet. Sit down.” John got up and held his hand out to try to soothe over Sherlock’s arm.
John squeezed his arms tighter, pursed his lips and tried to surge up, presumably to kiss Sherlock. Their lips never touched because John’s compact body went limp. John was not a large man but Sherlock was dangerously close to dropping him.
John stilled and narrowed his eyes. He didn’t know what he expected. He supposed she might be frightened or hurt or...contrite? But not this Mary. He had to remember this was not the woman he’d fallen in love with when he was just a kid. He didn’t know what she was now, but he suspected she was a criminal sociopath.
During the last few minutes, Sherlock had reluctantly stopped fondling John but his head remained on his hip. “So you did want to go on a date with me?”
“No, I mean...it’s too…,” Sherlock’s was staring down at John’s cock. He breathed out quietly, like a prayer, “It’s seventeen inches long and twenty inches around.”
He wondered why they were letting him see his location? Why had they taken off his ankle restraints? They must be exceedingly confident that they were going to get away with this kidnapping and whatever transaction they had in store for him.
John preferred to work without an assistant but when his agent Mike pushed Billy on him, he couldn’t really say no. Billy was tall with greasy hair and dark circles under his eyes. At least he was English.
Sherlock excused himself to use the loo. John took their plates, cutlery and leftovers to the sink to rinse. Even over the rushing water, John heard the bathroom door open and Sherlock’s soft footprints approaching him. He switched off the tap just as Sherlock’s arms slipped around his waist.
Finally he turned a bit further and knew that John could see just how stimulated he was. John kept shooting, apparently mesmerized by the light and the scene in front of him. Sherlock saw the exact moment of recognition in John, of exactly what he was seeing. His hands faltered as he pulled the camera against his chest once more.
They stood chest to chest, tension thick between the half-metre space between them. Sherlock’s ire, John’s silent strength, and their mutual attraction connected them and manifested in an unblinking, intense stare into one another’s eyes.
One last thought, he said, “So maybe not drugs? How would they get me out unnoticed if I’m passed out?”
The receptionist blinked several times. “I’ll take that.” Sherlock handed him his book. He hadn’t said much, but the receptionist also had a skillfully crafted London accent. Sherlock suspected his was from the North and was trying to fit in down here.
“Oh, right. Yes. Well, you are too. We’re both idiots. So we should be complete morons together.” He kissed Sherlock’s knuckles again.
John stood up, surprisingly steady, and walked over to where Sherlock sat. He never took his eyes off of Sherlock’s face, spending most of the journey staring at his lips. Sherlock stood up, ready to provide stability if necessary.
of the things, but what seemed to be appropriate for Molly to know), she suggested this godforsaken tourist trap. Why had he ever listened to her? Now he stood in front of a table full of brightly colored paper and foil rolls, apparently containing dubiously flavored biscuits.
“You and your Year 10 Maths,” Victor said, smiling fondly at Sherlock. Sherlock blushed. He loved that smile. Maybe he did want to kiss Victor. He’d think about it later, after Maths.
always want you, I meant I always want you. Want you now,” he demanded and pulled John flush to his chest with his good arm. He snaked his hand up through John’s hair at the nape of his neck, and guided him down where he could slot their lips together firmly. Sherlock grabbed at the short blonde and gray hairs on the back of his head. John’s gasped.
She watched him. Her black high-collared long-sleeved dress hugged her body tightly from neck to ankles. She wore shiny black boots with very high heels. Her platinum blonde hair was cut into a short pixie and she wore huge diamond studs in her ears. She looked sharp, powerful, aloof.
“Come on, John!” Sherlock reached for John’s belt and yanked. John almost fell over with the force of it and the imbalance caused by him trying to remove his shoes at that very moment.
Sherlock didn’t know if everything was fully resolved but when they undressed and slipped underneath the covers, John kissed him sweetly. He hoped that their possessive declarations closed a door on the doubt. He still worried that doubt was lurking somewhere in the heat and excitement of their budding romance. He promised himself that daily he’d try to reassure John of his love and desire.
He pulled his hand back and settled it on the bed. He continued to watch as the seconds ticked by without a response from Sherlock.
Months later, Moriarty came back but it wasn’t him, of course, it was Janine. Janine and Mary had worked together for years. There was no baby. Mary disappeared. But Mary had truly loved John. That was true. Was that a surprise to anyone? It's very hard not to love John Watson.
That’s all it took for them to start a very educational and very satisfying sexual relationship. After a week where Sherlock was completely obsessed with nothing but Victor’s body, things had slowed down a bit. His experiments, analysis, and writing demanded attention. He somewhat reluctantly put on clothes and went back to the lab.
Sherlock hummed again and then sighed. Perfect. Them. Together. In any way, in any universe, always.
After less than a minute, Sherlock had opened the door and said, “I’m ready.” He didn’t look any different. His eyes were no brighter, his limbs and fingers were not twitching. Sherlock was simply using to stay level. He was a functional addict. For now. John could foresee, though. He could see it all unravelling and it made his stomach ache with impotence.
John just looked back at him, confused. He had put a bit more product in it and decided to comb it away from his forehead. It was still fairly short and mostly grey, just...pushed up a bit.
John looked around the very neat home office. His eyes landed on the photographs framed hanging above the desk. There were several different shots of Graham with various celebrity designers. They all had the flashy posed look of photos taken at the Vanity Fair party or Met Gala after-party by a professional paparazzo. Graham had his arm around each person and a huge smile. There was one other photo that was much more intimate. No flash, no after-party glazed look on his face. It was him and Mary, somewhere on a London sidewalk, arm in arm, looking at each other with clear affection. Mary looked older and very professional, but also soft and happy. He had to remind himself that she was not the loving woman he had married. She was a criminal. A psychopath. She had Sherlock. And possibly Victor and Noah. And maybe poor Jack was still alive somewhere. She and Graham knew where all of those beautiful men were locked up. John wanted the key.
John reached out and grabbed his bicep, hand still wet, causing a dark blue stain to appear in Sherlock’s silk dressing gown. “Sorry,” he mumbled, and dropped his hand. “What’s wrong with you?”
Sherlock quickly lifted his head up to place a short kiss on John’s lips, then in one move pushed John off of him and jumped up. He was jumping out of his shoes as he undid his shirt’s buttons. Before John could roll over to get to standing, so he too could disrobe, Sherlock was standing in their lounge naked and hard and…impatient.
John moved his hands up from Sherlock’s hips, over his back to rest around his shoulders, gently squeezing him just a bit to tighten their embrace. Their cocks softened against each other. They stayed there for a long time just enjoying the closeness. Sherlock rubbed his lips back and forth across John’s neck for long minutes, sometimes darting his tongue out to lick.
“Yes. Of course. I’m a chemist by training, but in my work solving crimes I must maintain a knowledge of anatomy, biology, medicine, and so on.”
With clenched fists and a frown he entered the apartment of Graham, also known as Obnoxious James. He talked with Greg, who confirmed his suspicions, that the young model (named Apple, another eye roll) was gathering Graham’s things to presumably destroy or hide them. They had his laptop, a tablet (with a newly cracked screen), two mobiles, and several file folders containing headshots, resumes, and the like.
His shirt dropped off of his shoulders and onto the floor. He moved his hands to his flies, letting one hand rest on the clasp. He used his other hand to rub down the length of his clothed erection, very, very slowly.
“Sherlock,” he paused, “I hope we can work together again someday but you made it clear you don’t want to be...friends so I’m not sure - “
“You're fucking gorgeous. I have you. You're mine.” John reached his hands forward and buried one hand in his hair and one slithered around his throat. Both hands tightened, pulling his hair sharply. Sherlock’s neck, exposed, fit perfectly in John's palm. “Give it to me. It’s mine,” John said, thrusting quickly in short, shallow bursts. He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s neck, not enough to restrict air flow, but the hinted suggestion that John could if he wanted, was enormously erotic.
Even I could read the signs that this was an uncomfortable line of questioning for him, but I needed to know if I had any real competition. “She didn’t spend the night.”
A chaste peck to his lips was all he got before John said, “Lay on your back. Here.” John helped him to maneuver around the duvet so that when he finally settled he would be underneath it.
Finally, he came back to himself, if only slightly. He became aware enough to notice two things. First, John had a raging hard-on (for him, he noted with a huge thrill). Second, John’s hard-on was covered in fabric.
“Of course not.” He closed his eyes for a moment and sighed, “I wish I felt better. I would take advantage of your current state.”
Sherlock pulled back to look at John. With his eyes half-lidded, lips swollen, John said, “Sweetheart…”
He made a frustrated noise and buried his face into the crease between couch cushions, like a captured wild animal, willing its captor not to notice him.
“He and Victor have been drugged on a fairly regular basis, the last time just one hour ago. Victor had significant injuries consistent with a severe beating some weeks ago. However, they are all expected to recover fully with no harmful lasting effects. I only hope that this does not trigger my brother to return to his previous...habit.” John hoped for the same thing.
John was looking at something on his own mobile. He turned the screen towards Sherlock. Gorgeous blue water, sandy beach, blue skies. Like a tropical paradise.
He made a frustrated noise, and finally looked up at John. He was feeling better because of John’s ministrations, but he knew he must look as emotionally wrecked as he felt. That was confirmed when John’s eyes met his, and John’s face softened only slightly.
Billy, acting as John’s assistant and an unlikely stylist, fitted him in a slim, shiny, dark blue suit over a very soft looking silk shirt in deep purple.
He also loved the feeling of Sherlock plumping on his tongue. In three heartbeats he was hard as steel between John’s lips. He moved one hand to cup Sherlock’s arse. The other slowly pumped up and down Sherlock’s now very hard erection, sometimes straying down to cup or squeeze his balls.
He’d found Sherlock sleeping last night and was certainly disappointed. But his affection for the young man and his relaxed, slumbering beauty propelled John to change into pajama trousers and a vest and join him quietly.
“The Detective Inspector was still quite miffed this morning, but I made it up to him.” Mycroft smirked and gazed off into the distance.
“John!” He nearly knocked them both over with the force of his embrace. He wrapped John in his long arms and buried his face in John’s neck. He mumbled, “No. John. No.”
John just rolled his eyes and surreptitiously placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee. John didn’t mind the flirting Sherlock had perfected over their six years together. In fact, he sort of got off on it. Sherlock thought maybe John could play bartender in their drab, heavily air-conditioned motel room later.
During this diatribe, John turned back to the sink and continued with the dishes. Only now he wore a small self-satisfied grin.
Sherlock could see the signs of adrenaline coursing through John as he spoke, but he held steady and his fingers barely trembled, “I am in love with you, I have been for a very long time, if you don’t feel the same, it’s okay. I’m just so very tired of hiding it. I believe we can still live together and be friends, but I had to tell you. I’m sorry, I’ll go now and let you think about this.” At that, John had stood up, nodded once and walked out the door and down the stairs to the street.
“No. Just you,” he replied. He let the towel drop to the floor and crawled under the duvet. He held it up behind him so John could climb in. Sherlock reached for John and pulled him until his chest was flush against his back. John reached his hand up to stroke along his hip and settle in the dip of his waist.
John’s face changed from just that side of mirth to just this side of affection. He said, “Amazing. Glorious. Life-altering,”
“Stimulation is a good thing for a marriage,” John smiles around his next sip, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, “Keeps you from getting bored.”
He turned, smiling, “Sherlock.” The fondness in it caused an unfamiliar flutter in the vicinity of my breastbone.
Thinking of Sherlock once more, he focussed again on the stone of arousal low in his gut. The phone call and distraction had allowed enough time for tiny doubts to creep into the forefront of his mind. It was probably a terrible idea to start something with the young model while he was still using, still very much starting his career. Maybe it would just be tonight? Maybe they would date and John could be a good influence in his life? His urges to take care of Sherlock hadn’t gone away since the first moment they met. It probably wasn’t healthy. John knew he was over-thinking things. He shook his head again, resolved to stop thinking so much, and walked towards the bedroom.
John chuckled, “I know, love. This is going to be the world’s most efficient shower and then we’re going to go to bed to sleep.”
“And then I fucked into his perfect tight arse until...I...you...you’re gonna make me come Holmes...I’m gonna...come…”
John kissed him, then licked right where shoulder meets pectoral, just near the soft hair under his arms. Sherlock softly groaned.
He wondered if Sherlock knew that John would never give up now that they had finally started to love each other the way John wanted for so long. No matter what happened, John would make sure nothing would come between them ever again. He would make sure they were right, together, happy. He would fight for it. He would die for it.
John looked around the small room. He knew it was small but it had good light, an actual bedroom, and just enough of its Victorian architecture preserved that it pleased John aesthetically. The light grey paint throughout the main room was complemented by the many white-framed photos crowding each wall. It was the nicest place John had lived in in a long time and he was mildly offended at Sherlock’s tone.
And the lip gloss? He’d actually gotten tunnel vision when he first laid eyes on that shiny pout. He could see nothing but Sherlock’s perfect plush lips, glossy in the natural sunset light of their sitting room. John was flooded with memories of rubbing his cock back and forth on those lips, polishing them with his release. Another part of his anatomy would soon be flooded if he continued this line of thinking. He cleared his throat and concentrated on his job as protector.
Sherlock looked at the cup and then looked back to John. They stared at each other for a long moment. Sherlock blinked and shook his head, breaking the spell. “Okay, um, right,” he trailed off. He turned and walked towards the counter.
I didn’t like this line of questioning. There was no way I could tell him where I was. I got up from my chair and walked towards the couch ready to lie down and put John Watson out of my mind.
“Please, I am sorry. I’ll try. Please,” Sherlock begged. He lifted John’s chin and John looked at him. He looked him in the eye and whispered, “I’m sorry, please.”
John was absolutely not listening to him, because he said, “Yes, an excellent idea,” as he plopped into a dining table chair, dislodging some papers, which fluttered to the floor. John folded his arms on the table and plonked his head on top of them. “‘M drunk,” he slurred, turning the word ‘drunk’ into a three syllable word.
Sherlock caught his wrist though, and pulled his hand up to his lips so he could place tender kisses along John’s knuckles. “Let me tell you about you.”
. John wouldn’t look at him so he never saw this quiet appeal. It surprised Sherlock how long it took John to look at him again. It took ages. Sherlock begged. He gripped John’s arms, legs, hair. John just wrestled out of his grasp and every time said through gritted teeth
He walked out the big main suite doors slowly but as soon as it closed behind him, he tucked the book into the back of his waistband and sprinted for the stairwell. He flew down the stairs, down a small corridor, then up the stairwell one floor at the opposite end of the building. If he was correct, he’d end up right outside of Mary’s other office door.
They stayed like that for a few long minutes. Sherlock nuzzled John’s hair with his lips and nose, sniffing and humming. Satisfied. Happy. Sleepy. Still a bit drunk.
Post-orgasm, he redoubled his efforts to give John his. He licked around and around the sensitive crown of John’s impressive erection. Sherlock loved this part of John, it was arguably his favorite. Along with his eyes, arse, hands, hair, chin, jaw, ears, calves, nipples,
Wrapped up in soft sheets that smelled like them, Sherlock woke with John curled up around him. They’d fallen asleep early after puttering around the flat all day. He hadn’t been bored. He loved watching John, talking to John, kissing John.
“I met him years ago at a pub one night when Mary was with some work friends. He was a model. He had lighter hair then and he was a complete tosser.”
“I’d watch you, and stare at your crotch in those stupid fitted trousers of yours. The cut is infuriating and serves to hide your bulge well. Let’s just say I was not expecting you to look like you do.”
“Come up here.” John pulled him up and squeezed him tightly around the ribs, kissing him open-mouthed and wanting. They groaned together as their bodies aligned. They kissed and rocked and thrusted slowly.
He should not get involved. Watching Sherlock’s beautiful face, breathing deeply in sleep, John was mesmerized by his youth and alien beauty. He didn’t know how long it took, he couldn’t remember, but at some point he had fallen asleep.
They hung up. John shook his head. Thirty minutes. That meant only one location and one wardrobe. He was going to need everything to go perfectly. What did Downey Jr. like, anyway? What would he look good in? What would make him comfortable? These were the things John asked himself of every subject he was going to shoot. He could do some research on the plane.
I called for Mrs. Hudson to bring me tea and a couple of biscuits. Instead of complying, she loudly exclaimed that I could make my own tea and suggested that said biscuits should be 'shoved' in a decidedly non-masticating orifice. I found it quite rude really.
John listened. The plan was solid and if they were really lucky they’d find Victor. John looked at Sherlock’s earnest, pleading face and said, “Let’s go to London.”
John looked at Greg’s face and believed him. Not that it mattered anyway, but he was somehow relieved about that bit of information. He thought maybe Greg was flattered or also harbored feelings for Sherlock. But he wouldn’t delve deeper. “I thought he was beautiful. And smart and dangerous. I mean, what a stupid thing for me, a photographer trying to make a name in this business, to get involved with a young drug-addicted model. How cliche,” John scoffed.
Greg Lestrade was turning 55. As a milestone birthday, it kind of sucked. It certainly wasn’t like 21, 30, 40, or 50 for that matter. Which was pretty fun he had to admit. At 50, you were young enough to still have some energy. Your kids, your friends’ kids were old enough so that you could have an adult-only holiday once in awhile. No, 55 was sort of boring. But his colleagues at the Met had decided that he needed to celebrate, so they gathered at Greg’s local for some darts and a pint or four.
He dared to reach for John’s belt, just resting his hand on the buckle. He didn’t want to anger John, but he wanted to feel him.
I loathed repeating myself but I supposed it was my own fault. I whirled to sitting and said, “No need. To be. So dramatic!”
Mycroft sighed, “I’m afraid some of the cases will be too old. We’re trying, of course. I already have some very good investigators deploying to the area as we speak. But a decade is a long time for someone to have survived what surely must be a harrowing existence.”
After a long silence, John said, “Why did you need him?” He raised his eyebrows to enhance the innocent look of his face. I’d let him think it worked on me. Of course, I knew exactly what he was getting at. The drugs bust. Damned Lestrade and Anderson. My new friend was more observant than I thought.
The model quietly observed him. His eyes jumped away from John to stare down at his own body. “How and where do you want me?” His tone was almost innocent, but the words were laced with the double meaning of a young beautiful lad who had been manipulated in unsavory ways.
His cheekbones jutted from his face, his lips were impossibly full and pink, and his eyes...what?...his eyes were too light for a man with such dark curls. He never stopped moving, swishing his coat about, fingers fidgeting, rapidly blinking as he took in the space.
They laid back, looking up at the few stars they could see in the light-polluted London sky. Every once in awhile one of them would sit up to take a sip of wine.
John moaned and squirmed beneath him, pressing up into Sherlock. His hands roamed all over Sherlock's back, arse, thighs.
John was dressed again, happy that Sherlock found his suit arousing, because he always found Sherlock’s suits arousing.
John barked out a loud, “Ha!” and added, “Are you really so concerned about that right now?” He punctuated his statement with a hard thrust of his cock into Sherlock’s inner thigh.
Sherlock wore a mask of indifference, looking exactly like the first time they’d met. His heart breaking surely felt like a punch to the gut. He blew out his breath, looked down, and bent slightly at his waist.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John shook his head slowly, exhaling a long breath, eyes dancing all over Sherlock’s open and willing body. “I can’t believe you want this. That you want me.”
When he tried to move his neck, tried to look around him, he could not. His brain’s signals were not reaching the muscle and bone. He closed his eyes.
Sherlock looked down and moved his left hand to stroke firmly in time with his lips, up and down John’s shaft. He was sort of crouched over John’s leg and every few strokes his hot, heavy erection would brush against John’s shin.
“One of the guards drugging us was a creep. I’d like to forget his threats...and his stench.” Sherlock’s eyes flashed and his lips tightened into a line.
Sherlock was giggling now. John Watson made him laugh, and feel better, and he thought his heart would burst with pure admiration and adoration for this glorious, brave, kind man, who had chosen him.
I couldn’t imagine staying in their proximity for one more moment so I turned my head, marched into my room, and closed the door. I heard John murmuring something to the woman and then thunderous footsteps ascending the stairs to his room.
“You…” It was extremely difficult to speak. John was tired. Trying to fight off the looming blackness, he said, “Get out. Get your men out. Leave me.”
He strode across the room just as he heard the taps shut off, snatching the photo from its pocket with long fingers. The first thing he observed was that there were no other photos in the pocket. He held the paper in his hand and looked. He couldn’t pretend anymore. Here was evidence that John, beautiful John, had printed a photo of him - THAT photo of him - and kept it with him.
Turned out that the bottle did contain water. Victor drank greedily from it. But the small paper bag contained only trouble. Victor was wild-eyed and delusional for a reason.
For the second time Sherlock sat and pulled John down on top of him. The feeling of Sherlock’s scorching skin on his was more stimulating than any sensation he had felt in a very long time. He hadn’t felt like this since he was a hormonal teenager. He fuzzily wondered if his refractory period could be re-set to match that time in his life.
“Um. Well. I wondered about you too. With my superior power of observation, I am not surprised about your appearance…nude. While flaccid, I mean.” Sherlock couldn’t believe he was admitting this to John. To naked John. In his bed. “I mean, those white seersucker pants you wore last summer with the black polo shirt? It was enlightening,” he said with a wistful look on his face. “Unlike my trousers which are tailored to be loose fitting in that area, those white pants left little to the imagination. You didn’t have to be the world’s only consulting detective to see exactly what was going on. Down there.”
Sherlock couldn’t bear it any longer. He walked out of the room to pace in the hallway. John followed him and watched him pace.
They ran towards the noise and into the shadows that would guide them out of the garage and to the other side of the building where they’d last left Lestrade’s officers. John’s heart sunk as he heard the sound of tires crunching on gravel moving farther and farther away.
It was only a few moments later that John was having an out of body experience. Waves of pleasure wracked through his frame as he pumped steadily into Sherlock’s waiting throat. Sherlock made him come so hard his feet were numb for a few minutes after.
He laughed and handed me his menu without ever opening it. Our server approached and I ordered our meal and a nice bottle of Pinot Gris.
John stared at her but wanted to know more about this cute, petite, fiery blonde who seemed to know all about him (and his broken heart). She linked her arm into his elbow and they proceeded to talk non-stop for the rest of their evening. She told him why his ex-girlfriend Sarah was not right for him, even though she was sorry he was hurting, but he would find someone better, winking as she said so. She told him about her dreams of becoming a fashion designer, her first sexual encounter with a woman, her best friend who was questioning for a while but was not transitioning for the time being. She was open and so funny and absolutely brilliant, the smartest person John had ever spent time with. John left the pub with a simple kiss on the cheek and a short half-hug.
By the time Sherlock got back some control over his body, he registered that John was coming. He had released Sherlock’s hair and throat to grip his hips. He sleepily enjoyed the feeling of John’s thick cock jumping inside him. He squeezed around John, and smiled lazily when John cried, “Oh god!” at the sensation.
“No, no, no, no, no, no, no, John. You must understand. Please,” he begged. He used his index finger to lift John’s chin so he could look into midnight blue eyes. “You are the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. You saved me. You saved me so many times.”
Sherlock estimated that they had three and a half minutes until they reached Baker Street. He continued to hold onto John’s hand and said, “Mary’s involved somehow and I recorded her.”
John watched as Sherlock withdrew his tongue in order to wrap his full lips around the thick straw. He hollowed his cheeks, and sucked very, very slowly.
John slowed his movements again and started grinding up against Sherlock’s cheeks in a slow circular motion. John’s hands gripped Sherlock’s hips tightly. His thumbs pinched into the soft globes of his arse, pulling them apart. Sherlock knew John was watching his cock move in and out of his body. The thought sent shivers down his back. His cock jerked and leaked a bit more.
Greg swallowed, mouth suddenly dry. Mycroft tipped his head to the right, indicating that Greg should come join him in a quiet alcove near the end of the bar.
The first time was more out of necessity than desire. During our first case together, Angelo’s was perfect for keeping watch on Northumberland Street. I knew Angelo would be glad to see me, but I was secretly thrilled that he lavished praise on me in front of my new acquaintance. An unforeseen bright spot in the night. It was also a good time for two strangers to get to know each other better. Too bad I cocked that up. I was not completely certain anymore that John was actually flirting with me at Angelo’s. He denied it fairly convincingly. But if he wasn’t flirting, then why the physical indications of embarrassment? The slight facial flush. The throat clearing.
Brows pulled to the center, he quirked his head to the side. He decided to just go with it, follow Sherlock’s thoughts wherever they led. “The violin? Really?”
John’s eyebrows shot up. He wasn’t all that surprised that Sherlock had gotten into trouble with the law, but he was surprised at how amused Greg looked.
“Greg? I know this place. I used to be an assistant to the photographer who rented this space.” He looked up and said, “Back when I was first married to Mary.”
After quietly sighed orgasms and whispers of “you’re beautiful” and “so are you” and “goodnight,” they slept like the dead.
He opened his lips and slowly, so slowly, pushed his tongue forward. The very tip of Sherlock’s tongue gently touched just above John’s slit. John gasped a short breath. Sherlock pushed his tongue forward and down so that it was flat against the slit, gently cupping the very tip of John’s leaking erection.
Three men exited the car all at once. The driver, a large man clearly hired because of his size, approached Mary first. She smiled hugely, and exclaimed, “Duncan! So fabulous to see you again.”
Sherlock squeezed his arse, thrusting up against John’s erection. John tried to lift up to get a hand around them, but Sherlock was lightning quick and as soon as there was any room, he grasped both of their cocks together and started tugging them both with swift, short strokes. Their cocks were almost the same length, a centimeter or two above average. But John noted with satisfaction that he was thicker than Sherlock.
“Oh my god,” he moaned as he watched Sherlock suck hard on the tip of his cock. John barely registered Sherlock removing his left sock because of the gorgeous strong suction to his crown. “Sher - oh fuck.”.
Sherlock was busy pouring drinks and flirting, obviously gathering information. He angled his head, revealing his throat. He threw his head back to laugh, touched himself constantly. He even leaned forward and winked at a few people.
“Let me show you how much,” Sherlock said against his lips, pitching his voice low, “How much I want you.”
“Neither do I. Maybe he got in some kind of trouble, faked his own death. This is exactly the kind of person who would be running an international human trafficking ring,” said John. “A phantom.”
by them each year. Some very influential men in the Middle East will pay huge sums of money to satisfy their homosexual urges clandestinely in countries where that sort of thing is punishable by death. Sickening, really. The whole thing has been quite distasteful.” Mycroft made a face that matched his last statement.
He wondered if John would consider it. He was sure it was too soon. It would be a bit not good to bring it up now, but he kept the word tucked in a little gold box on the mantle in his mind palace.
He put on Sherlock’s dressing gown and picked up his phone to read messages from Greg. Mycroft’s second raid of the night had gone well and he had news of more arrests and rescues. He proposed they meet in the afternoon. John noted the time and was glad that they had a few hours until midday. He wanted to make sure Sherlock slept, ate, hydrated. He also wanted to have a serious talk and assess Sherlock’s mental state, as much as he could, in light of the trauma and drugging.
John directed Sherlock to stand in front of a colorful wall of paint and said, “I want to see you angry.”
Sherlock’s eager tongue licked flat wet stripes from John’s perineum to arsehole, over and over again. John had relaxed into his bent position on the table, head cradled in one crooked arm, his other hand reached back to gently run his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
John blew out a big breath and opened his eyes. Sherlock stared down at him, his beautiful lips pulled at each corner in a tiny smile. “Do you believe in love at first sight?” he asked.
As they ascended the stairs after Eve, John muttered under his breath. “As far as I’m concerned, every one of these hipster fucks are suspects.”
John closed his eyes, unable to look into Sherlock’s anymore. He knew he must be wincing. He probably looked like he was in pain. Actually, he was. A vice gripped his chest and his throat was tight. Sherlock rubbed his hand over John’s head, and kissed John’s tense lips. John squeezed his eyes shut tighter. He was going to lose it.
“Everyone likes to spice it up once in a while, don’t they?” he waggled his eyebrows, one end of his overly large moustache quirked up.
They lost themselves in the sensation of wet kisses, lust, and deep sighs. Tongues twined over and over again. Greg paid no attention to their surroundings. He had Mycroft again and he wasn't going to let go.
I flinched as Big Ben rang its half past clang, catching me unawares. I hit mute quickly, hoping he was too sleepy or distracted to understand exactly what he was hearing on my end of the line. John’s text was also rather startling. He had a sex date but wanted to have breakfast with me. It seemed she was gone and I could return back to 221B.
He signed the divorce acknowledgement papers, there was nothing else for him to do. In a year they’d be legally divorced. He wasn’t in the country to ‘celebrate’ though. He was already in the desert.
John couldn’t say no. James was too fast, too much. One long look over tea and they knew. They walked briskly from the cafe to the hotel and fell into bed straight away. It was intense and glorious and hot as hell. James loved to envelop John from the front or behind. He wrapped his huge arms and legs around him, cradling John’s much smaller frame. John loved feeling covered, smothered, surrounded by James with his rock-hard thighs, forearms, abdomen, and enormous cock.
She placed the tray on a side table, distributed tea and cake to us both, and settled into John’s chair.
Sherlock turned his back to Mycroft and crowded into John’s personal space. “I want to go home, John. Will you come with me?”
John pulled his foot from Sherlock’s grasp and placed it back on the duvet. “What do you want then?”
“Uh, no thanks,” Beady-Eyes said, full of disdain, “I’ll have a whiskey. None of that fruity shit for me.”
Sherlock expected John to protest and sputter when he noticed that Sherlock wearing his t-shirt. He wanted to provoke some kind of reaction. He knew it was probably childish, but it was ingrained in him that attention paid no matter how negative, was preferable to a non-reaction.
John popped up and reached for Sherlock’s hand. Shells rained down, plink-clinking onto the sand as he stood. He picked up his discarded clothes, bunched them up and clutched them to his chest. They walked hand-in-hand back to their cottage.
Sherlock nudged the heavy coat off of his shoulders, letting it slide down his arms. John watched the movement, then focused on the muscles rippling just underneath his t-shirt.
He stood up, grabbed the tape measure, and whirled John around to face him. He quickly grabbed John’s cock, wrapping the tape around it. His double vision blurred and cleared, blurred and cleared, as he took notes.
“You haven’t been answering your phone. Wilkes must have been calling you.” John grinned as he watched Sherlock’s flustered reaction.
“John, please. What have I done? Tell me so I can fix it,” he said, hearing his own desperate tone and feeling his eyes open wider.
They listened for a few tense moments before they heard shouting. Several people were shouting, “Stop!” and “No!” and “Hands up!” Voices tripped and overlapped so no one voice could be distinguished from another. Until they heard one last gunshot. John gasped a sharp breath as he heard Mary scream.
Lestrade held his hand up and raised one finger at John. John huffed again, but didn’t move. “Miss, we need to go upstairs. Please make that happen.”
Sherlock made him look like that. He had disappointed him by acting like an arse a few hours before. And now John was up in the middle of the night. He’d probably set an alarm, knowing when Sherlock would need medication. He got up especially to take care of him. This fact made Sherlock so furious that he turned away from John again and gritted out, “Go away. In fact, why don’t you really go away,” he turned back towards John and glared, “Go find yourself someone who loves you. Someone who will want to be coddled and treated like a child. Someone who will put breasts in your face, and laugh at your inane jokes, and who’ll want to spend the rest of their pathetic life with you,” he hissed, “Leave. Me. Alone.”
That last word was all that mattered. It didn’t matter that he was on drugs. John had been in the fashion world for enough months to have seen some things. He’d seen people be half off their arses and still function professionally. So if Billy could handle the model and keep the light meter calibrated, then John was happy.
John walked to Sherlock’s bedroom door and knocked softly. He heard a quick scrape of something on the door and a muffled breath. Sherlock must be sitting right there, on the floor. John sat down too.
Victor jumped to his feet, ran (with a pronounced limp, Sherlock noted) to the farthest door, and yanked at his too-long hair. He spun around and yelled, “Holmes! You cannot be here. I won’t allow you to be here. Leave me!”
He thought about that. “Actually, no, I don’t think I do.” After a long, long time and many photos later John said quietly so no one else could hear, “I guess I feel a bit...affectionate towards you.”
It was one of a handful of times Sherlock had ever said those words to John, or in front of John, for that matter. The words felt foreign coming out of his mouth, and he was slightly surprised to note that he actually felt remorse. He wasn’t just saying it because that’s what he was supposed to do. John made him want to do better.
“Yes,” John said. He squared his shoulders and looked up at Mycroft. He smiled dangerously, and said very quietly, never breaking eye contact, and asked again “Where is he?”
Dread welled confusingly in his gut. He didn’t know why, but he feared for Sherlock’s safety. “I...I don’t know...why...I mean, if there’s ever anything you need, I’d like to help.”
As the last spasms were moving John’s body in and around him, he huffed out a sound like, “hah” and wrapped his arm around Sherlock and pulled him closer. They hugged tightly as they weakly moved in a gentle imitation of what they’d been doing five minutes previous.
She picked up her camera from a large bag tucked in the corner of the room. She calmly, quietly directed him as she took photo after photo. His body knew what to do, he was a professional after all. His mind was quiet and he found himself actually enjoying the small bubble of pose/shutterclick, pose/shutterclick, that they had created. She directed him, shooting face and body, until he ended up basically lounging sideways in the chair, heavy-limbed.
He was besotted. He’d never met anyone like her and he wanted to know more. They dated for a few months, the sex was amazing. She was up for anything. They had threesomes with both male and female partners. The first time John sucked a cock, she was there watching with hungry eyes, rubbing her clit with one hand and wanking John with the other. She moaned a litany of words, “So good, so perfect, your lips on his fat cock. Let it choke you. Gag you. Fuck yes. So good. Your first cock. Isn’t it amazing? You look amazing.” Their partner came down John’s throat and he came all over Mary’s hand. He was twenty-two and never wanted the feeling to end.
His gaze swept down the length of his broad back to his arse. Sherlock’s ample bum was always a source of joy for John. If Sherlock would let him, he'd spend hours just squeezing and biting and licking those round cheeks. The way they looked swaying in his thin pajama trousers was almost too much. John wondered if Sherlock would let him do that right now. John adjusted his half hard cock in his own pajama trousers.
Sherlock and John turned and started walking for the exit. “Yes it is,” Sherlock sing-songed over his shoulder.
Sherlock nodded his head and watched as John lowered his face again. His slick fingers pressed gently at first, but as he continued to lick around his rim, he pushed more insistently. Sherlock slammed shut his eyes and threw back his head. His cock twitched, his balls tightened.
“It’s me, Trev.” He scooted forward a bit, but Victor rounded his shoulders and sunk slightly as if threatened. Sherlock relaxed his face and tried to smile. He needed to stay still and just wait.
“How can you tell from just these photos? You’re not exactly the most perceptive when it comes to telling if a man is in love with you or not.” John was teasing, but Sherlock blushed anyway.
John looked through the evidence until something caught his eye. There at the bottom of one e-mail was an address in a business park that John knew very well. It was the smoking photographer’s studio. The studio was a tiny backroom inside a giant warehouse used to distribute produce. John remembered the sweet-acrid smell of rotting fruit and tobacco smoke.
“Fuck it,” he said, reaching up to clasp his hands on either side of Sherlock’s head, pulling him down until their lips met. Sherlock’s hands flew up to John’s neck. He deepened the kiss, turning his face, opening his mouth, sliding his hot tongue into John’s eager mouth.
With a sound that was both growl and moan, Sherlock lunged at John’s cock, engulfing it fully into his mouth. John cried out, “Oh god!”
Claire lined his eyes with soft black and plum. The purple tones brought out the green of Sherlock’s aquamarine eyes. She’d put a thick clear gloss on his lips. He looked absolutely otherworldly and thoroughly shaggable.
*When Sherlock’s mother suffered a fainting episode. They rushed to the hospital near the Holmes’ cottage. She was lying in bed looking pale, but her bright blue eyes were clear. She was saying,
“I’m sorry. I’m an arsehole. Did I hurt you?” John pulled back to look at Sherlock’s face with concern.
John said, “He’s either Mary’s assistant Graham or someone who came into the room after she’d removed Sherlock’s belt.” John didn’t know why it bothered him, but there was something about the assistant’s way of speaking. “Do we have a photo of Graham?”
He smiled back at me. He grabbed his wallet, keys, and phone from the table and stuffed them into his coat. With outstretched arms he asked, “How do I look?”
Mycroft walked down the stairs without another word. Sherlock was fairly confident they wouldn’t be seeing him for a while and let out an exasperated sigh. “I’m going to text Victor,” he said, grabbing his phone and typing furiously. “What are your plans for the rest of today?”
Sherlock hummed a little then kissed John again. They laid together quietly for a long time, sometimes stroking up arms. Sometimes with eyes open, sometimes closed. They were perfectly comfortable, awake, yet in a dream. Love surrounded them. They both felt it in their DNA.
Once John was satisfied that he had gotten what he needed, the others’ grumbling about the cold was just reaching its peak.
John turned to look at me. With soft eyes and a small smile he said, “Hello, Sherlock.” His voice was quiet and low.
John was practically turned all the way around in the chair trying to see Sherlock. His brows furrowed in drunken confusion. “No. I can say things like ‘sod off’ and and ‘pretty mouth’ and ‘posh princess’ -”
Before I met John, I knew how to be alone. Well, I thought I did. Turns out I was actually desperately lonely. When John is not with me I feel his absence acutely, and I'd rather it not happen anymore, or ever again, really.
John looked down at his feet and smiled. His face was turning a lovely shade of pink. He and John had finally come together only a few weeks ago after what seemed to be a lifetime of miscommunication and betrayal. Sherlock tipped his chin up with one finger and leaned down to place a soft kiss on John’s lips.
Before I met John, I was not a man. I was a greedy, unfeeling, selfish boy moving through life in a frenzy. He has shown me how to love and be loved.
As soon as he arrived, he was taken to see the murder weapon, or attempted murder weapon since thankfully no one died. It turned out that the would-be killer had placed some kind of ignition devices on the rigging wires that held the gondola to the balloon itself. As the balloon gained altitude the inner part of each device was to expand, break, and ignite. Fire on the rigging would sever the connection and the victims would fall to their death. However, only two ‘bombs’ actually ignited so the basket stayed connected and after a few harrowing moments, the pilot landed the aircraft safely on the ground. The passengers had all heard loud popping noises and saw small chemical fires on the lines. Luckily, the six passengers plus the pilot landed safely.
With that, Sherlock got up with some difficulty, walked into the bathroom, and slammed the door. John hadn’t tried to help him stand.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut again and saw so clearly the image of John leaning over and staring at the blonde woman’s cleavage. Who was she? Had she been one of John’s recent string of girlfriends? Or had she known Dr. John H. Watson, soldier, before his deployment to Afghanistan? Had she known the confident, scar- and limp-free, gorgeously young John Watson? Sherlock had seen photos of John before he was deployed, and although Sherlock adored and worshiped every centimeter of John’s body as it was today, he was unreasonably, impossibly, envious of the procession of men and women that had gotten to have
John looked at Greg. He saw remorse and worry in the lines of his forehead, and concern in his eyes. Concern for Sherlock, but also for him. He’d been about to burst all day long. He wanted to shout and cry and punch something very badly.
Sherlock turned to lean in close. He stared at John, his silver eyes boring into him. John saw determination, satisfaction, a bit of amusement, and a lot of heat. John thought
They walked across a vast lawn in Regent’s Park. It was a warm early summer night. Despite the weather, they each had their long coats on. Sherlock with his beloved Belstaff, and John with his A.P.C. car coat.
Sherlock looked down at his thickening cock. “Couldn’t you guess that I’m a bit of an exhibitionist?”
Sherlock threw his head back and belly laughed. John joined him laughing, slid down to his knees so he could wrap his arms around Sherlock’s waist, and bury his head against his belly. The laughter faded, they stayed that way, rocking slightly, for a few minutes.
At that exact second, Sherlock’s orgasm positively vibrated through his frame, contracting his stomach, leg, and arse muscles in rhythmic twitches as his cock spurted between them. He’d never felt anything like it. John’s thrusts grew shallower, but faster, barely nudging his prostate as his orgasm continued longer than Sherlock expected from past experiences. He heard himself moaning, and shouting, “Oh! Oh! Ah!”
Looking at my reflection - flushed and disheveled - I knew I needed to tell him. I calculated that there was only a 27% chance that he would return my sentiments but it was unfair to my new friend if I didn’t say anything, knowing I felt this way.
As sexy as he looked in the outfit, John’s favorite part was what he’d done with his face. Sherlock was wearing dark eyeliner, mascara, and clear lip gloss.
John hummed. “Hope not. I need you.” He settled himself along Sherlock’s side, head resting on his shoulder. Finally, Sherlock managed to lift his arm and wrap it around John.
. He threw his head back, thrusting his cock further up into John’s hand, stilling for just a moment. John pulled his hand from root to tip, with a small twist at the end.
A quick rap on the door took him from relaxed professional model to alert undercover target. He looked up to see Mary walk through the door. She was dressed in a cap sleeved black shift dress, black platform heeled pumps, and short leather gloves that barely reached past the middle of her palm. She looked at him with a fierce intensity before relaxing her face into a clearly fake smile.
Topping still John’s physical attraction, was his deep admiration of Sherlock’s brain. He was brilliant. He was driven to solve crimes in order to help people because he was brave and right.
Sherlock was shocked by the sudden turn in moods. It was like a chemical titration but with emotional thoughts. One small emotional drip, drip, drip after another, then one thought too many, and the explosive peak is reached. Good mood over, replaced by a new chemistry of fury.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John’s cheek. John’s irritation left him immediately and he smiled back. He joined their hands together and said, “Almost there.”
“I’ve only ever loved you. Please believe me when I say I have no interest in the people around us who may notice or flirt with me. I dismiss it as soon as it happens.”
It will be fun, John said. Sherlock had gone along with it to please John, and Molly, he supposed. But mostly John.
Quicker than expected, Victor stood and faced Madras-shorts. He had his hands up and didn’t go closer as if he knew he shouldn’t. “Hey mate, please, can you please cut his arms loose?”
Sherlock whipped his head towards the direction of the noise. He knew what it sounded like. He tentatively answered, “Gunshot?” They heard two more shots then nothing for several long minutes. Sherlock rose on wobbly legs and walked over to Victor. Victor took his hand and they moved to the corner of the room furthest from the door.
John smirked right back. He knew Sherlock could be difficult. An arsehole. Too bloody smart for his own good. But also sweet and loving and surprising and warm and interesting and sexy.
John released himself to focus on Sherlock. “These need to come off now.” He looked at Sherlock’s tight jeans and imagined he thought they might be a bit difficult. Nimble fingers slowly unzipped his flies and tugged downward from his waistband.
The gleam was back in Sherlock’s eye. “We are.” He stripped off his shirt, tossed it onto the sand, then hooked his fingers into his swim shorts and sloughed them down all the way to his ankles.
John idly ran his fingers over the course hair on Sherlock’s thigh. He felt wonderfully light, slightly giddy, and thoroughly relaxed. Sherlock looked so beautiful, he wanted to preserve the moments forever. “Beautiful light, love. Want to take some photos?”
Sherlock loved doing this to John. No one had ever done it before him and pride swelled within him for helping John to expand his knowledge of how his body could experience physical pleasure.
Standing in the middle of my room, I focused on regulating my breath. I quickly removed my dressing gown and pulled on my suit jacket and black loafers. I listened at my door to make sure they had not come back. When I believed all to be clear, I left my room and made my way down the stairs to don my coat and leave for the night.
After the initial rush caused by the potential of a new case, Sherlock immediately felt disappointed. Disappointed that he would not be able to linger in bed to run his hands through John’s hair. Or kiss his stubbled jaw. Or feel the soft skin of his stomach against his own. Or stroke his gorgeous thick cock until he came. All of that would have to wait. The work demanded them both.
He dove down again and took Victor’s cock between his lips. He pushed down until he couldn’t breathe. He suppressed his gag reflex and held Victor’s cock in his throat for as long as he could. He pulled off with a gasp, saliva dripping down the shaft and all over his chin. He said, “That’s so fucking hot. More.”
After a while John said, “Do you realize we’ve had sex on nearly every surface of the flat, just like I said?”
John didn’t fight the full body shiver in response to just one word from this beautiful man. He pulled back and grinned up at him. He raised his voice and said, “I love a Scotsman.”
*When Sherlock got an email from a potential client for a case in Serbia. He went still for so many minutes that John, who was on his own laptop at the desk, noticed.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at Victor. His dark eyes were soft, evidence of his affection and kindness. His prominent brow and nose had grown broader with age, the crinkle between his eyebrows evidence of his curiosity and confusion.
Jason coaxed Sherlock’s long dark curls into soft, gorgeous disorder that cascaded around his head and laid perfectly over his forehead and ears.
They didn’t speak as John removed Sherlock’s skates, got his shoes, put them on, and tied them. They quietly walked towards the exit and hailed a cab. They spent the next several hours seeing two different doctors. X-rays. Splint. Bandage. Pain meds. His distal radius was broken and no surgery was required, thankfully. He was in extreme pain whenever the lower part of his arm moved, but he would die before anyone would see evidence of that on his face or the pattern of his breathing.
It unnerved him, her calling him by his name. “No, thank you.” Even though the plan was to actually get himself… taken…or almost taken...he’d rather try to stay awake. So no drinks, thank you very much.
John’s beer did indeed look black. “Cheers,” he said, touching the rims of their glasses together softly.
Sherlock had lost track of his phone. He whirled around and placed his violin and bow on his chair, then looked back at John. It would be amazing to have John shoot him again. It would be the perfect way to get back into work. Together. He grinned at John who smiled back and said, “It’s under the microwave,” he rolled his eyes, “I have no idea why.”
“Sherlock! Jesus,” he shouted, “You dick, I can perform just fine. I’m perfectly healthy and functional, you arsehole.” He rubbed both hands over his eyes then ruffled them through his hair. “It’s not that. It’s that she didn’t like me so she left.”
The binding on his wrists made it impossible to move without pain shooting up his arms. At his request, Victor massaged his neck and arm muscles to try to relieve the cramping that was the result of being restrained in the same position for so many hours. It didn’t help much, Victor was easily distracted by his own drug trip.
He knew that at any minute John would wake up and Sherlock would be caught. He didn’t think John would mind though. After all, John knew him. John loved him, and
To his shame, however, in the dark hours of the night, his gut burned with jealousy. His divorce was final, his kids were grown. He hadn’t had a partner, sexual or otherwise, since his brief fling with Mycroft Holmes, and that had been ages ago.
John blinked at him. “All right,” he smiled. “Don’t be too long.” He raised his eyebrows suggestively.
John didn’t say anything. He knew this would be a tough shoot and the less he said he figured the less anyone had to argue with. They were under a roadway in Brooklyn. There were several alleyways and tunnels leading from the open courtyard they would shoot in, giving the feeling of isolation and confusion. The walls were adorned thickly with years of bright, ever-changing graffiti.
John lifted his chin, placed a small peck on his lips, and said, “All right.” John turned around, grabbed a bowl and poured himself some soup. “Do you want some?”
“John,” he whispered, then cleared his throat and looked at John up through his eyelashes and said with a stronger voice, “I have to apologize.”
John looked up at him with a fierce look. “I’m serious, Holmes, you are mine. No one touches you but me. This body, your brain, all mine.”
He waited for Victor’s reply - lots of exclamation points, euphoric that Noah was safe, grateful to Mycroft (
John pushed hard, licking like he was on a mission. He swirled his tongue, humming as if he’d never tasted anything so satisfying.
John set his worry for Sherlock aside for a second to concentrate on what they knew. James Wilder was obviously not dead. It was the perfect cover though. He wasn’t dead and he wasn’t going by Wilder anymore. He had to be someone, working with Mary, in the room...they had Sherlock.
“Wouldn’t you feel better knowing where John was right now? And when he’d be back? It’s common courtesy. Plus you go dashing about at all hours doing god knows what. It’s dangerous.”
“Find this woman,” he pointed to a name, Elizabeth, in the phone contacts. “The victim was newly dating Elizabeth, and his friend, this man,” he pointed to the photograph on the refrigerator, “was jealous to the extreme. I think that’s the motive”
John and Sherlock were at the Holmes’ house on a gorgeous weekend in spring, taking their tea in the garden, wandering slowly through the flower beds.
*When Sherlock was on a case, solved it, but hadn’t eaten for 61 hours. His stomach was rejecting even the water John was forcing him to drink. He was nauseous but listened to John’s advice, because he was right.
John, soaking wet, shaking, but still standing somehow, grabbed his own cock and pulled on it fast and tight.
Sherlock grabbed his erection and started to move his hand up and down the shaft and over the sensitive head. He stroked fast and hard. John looked down between them at Sherlock’s hand, at his own cock sinking into Sherlock, and said hoarsely, “Can you come?”
People do look, don’t they? He looked. He looked at everyone. He looked for bulges. Wow. Was he a pervert?
John saw James quickly running towards him, bent low at the waist, with hands up placatingly. John pointed to his press badge and mouthed soundlessly, “Press.”
Sherlock looked at him, amazed at the color his face and ears were turning with that two-word admission.
“All right. Can I get you some water?” John indicated a small bag in the corner where he’d stashed a few bottles.
Lestrade had gotten the call while they were in the car over. John heard something about a basement, an underground tunnel, and getting a bloodhound. A red hazy fog had blurred his vision and he was having a hard time concentrating on anything as he exited the back seat.
John moved his head to the side and hummed. It felt amazing to be caged in, held by this very tall, deceptively muscular beauty. He smelled divine.
He complied because what would be the point in fighting when his hands were tied behind his back? The larger man, wearing plaid Madras shorts of all things, sat on his buttocks and pulled at his wrists. He tried to stay silent but grunted when he felt the cool, wetness of an alcohol swab swipe over the inside of his forearm.
“You make no sense.” Sherlock tried to maintain his normal air of superiority but for some reason he started giggling once he realized what he said. “You make sense. You, as a person, John Watson, are sensible. But…” Sherlock completely lost his train of thought and simply swayed on his feet staring at John.
John muttered, “Models,” while Sherlock grinned at him. The water finally lapped up over his partial erection. John stayed on shore but raised his camera to take a photo. The light washed the sea out to a whitish green so Sherlock’s normally pale skin glowed like warm honey. The waves rose and lapped at his gorgeous bum. He looked over his shoulder giving John a look of pouted lips and almost-startled eyes. He took the photo as Sherlock turned. He looked caught out, coquettish.
John had thought about them a bit more than he wanted to admit to himself and now they were guiding his head so that Sherlock could claim his mouth.
Sherlock knew what he wanted and pushed John back on the bed, immediately draping himself over John. Sherlock worked his way down John’s body, kissing neck, clavicle, right pectoral, stopping to pay special attention to John’s sensitive nipple.
They had met when John was shooting a wedding in Kabul. Well. Not the wedding exactly. He had hidden on a rooftop with his longest telephoto lens. The groom’s father was the highest ranking General in the Afghan army. One of the wedding guests, the general’s life-long best friend, was a high-ranking Operative for Al Qaida. John photographed the General and the Operative for an hour. He captured them them shaking hands, holding hands, sharing smirks and smiles, hugging, laughing, and generally looking like they were having the best time of their lives. John supposed he was biased by his own personal preferences, but it sure seemed to him that the two men shared more than one heated gaze when they thought no one was watching. John knew those photos would interest quite a few nations, and not to mention bring in top dollar.
When he mentioned to Molly that he wanted to get John a small gift and listed all of the things that John liked (well, not
The man held the knife directly in front of Sherlock’s eyes and said, “I don’t want to kill you, I want to fuck you.”
Before Mycroft could say anything else, their lips crashed together, not so much in a kiss, but in a joining of blindingly huge smiles.
Sherlock was struck with an unfamiliar twinge of self-consciousness. John was the only one who could make him feel unsure but not defensive. No one else ever bothered to criticize or correct him to his face. This was one of John’s many admirable traits that allowed Sherlock to trust him enough to make him his friend. His best friend. Enough to make him fall in love.
He mumbled, “It seems I have a blind spot when it comes to my own relationships.” He nudged his elbow into John’s ribs. John responded with a wink.
John looked him straight in the eye and said, “I also think you are gorgeous. I love they way you move, your body is strong but you are so graceful. I love your voice, and you look fantastic in a suit, and your hands...”
It was late. The thrum of excitement and arousal was familiar in his blood. All he wanted to do was undress and get into bed with John. At that particular moment, however, John was yelling. Although Sherlock generally found John’s yelling or any display of aggression incredibly sexy, John didn’t usually feel sexy when he was in the midst of such a display. Sherlock sighed.
John sighed. “Yeah.” He paused for a long time. What was it with him and Sherlock? How could he explain this to Greg? He didn’t know if he understood the immediate chemistry and attraction enough to articulate it. “I met him. I thought he was beautiful, of course.”
The next day Lestrade called with a case that they just had to take. The D.I. had texted, “Double murder. Eyes removed. Will you come?” His immediate visceral reaction was excitement, adrenaline, the promise of a beautiful mystery he longed to solve. After about fifteen seconds, however, he looked from his phone screen to look at grey-blond hair resting in the crook of his left arm. John was just stirring awake, cock hard against Sherlock’s hip, lips connecting with Sherlock’s pectoral muscle in a sleep-sloppy kiss.
“Yes, well,” he cleared his throat and squirmed a bit in his chair, looking down at the paper. Sherlock seized on his discomfort, knowing there was some kind of story he was trying not to tell. Sherlock thought that this would be an opportunity to learn something more about John. He suspected, no he knew, that John was a very sexual man, with a string of girlfriends living on three continents.
“He deduced everything about my shite marriage, my ambitions on the force, my crush on the forensic technician. He just knew everything. But he wasn’t involved.” Greg paused, lost in thought for a minute.
He followed eagerly. He wanted to find out what the fuck was going on. He was desperate for news of Sherlock.
Sherlock relaxed and changed his face back to his model one. After a few minutes of shooting, he said, “Thank you, John.”
Reality didn’t stop the fantasies that he had about that night. In his dreams, they snogged in the hallway after Angelo returned John’s hateful cane. Sherlock just knew it would be the best kiss of his life. After that, Sherlock would take John, a practical stranger, to bed and never let him leave. They would do absolutely everything. John would let him look, touch, and taste everywhere. He wanted to raise gooseflesh on John’s skin, lay his tongue over each of the millions of hair follicles on John’s body, press his fingers into John’s mouth. He wanted John’s smell to cling to his skin, John’s sweat to drip onto his limbs, John’s saliva and come to mix on and in his body. He wanted to belong to John. He wanted John to be his.
different people looking at you. Flirting with you. Clearly flirting, even though I was standing right there! Undressing you with their eyes, Sherlock,” he finished indignantly, as if Sherlock had anything at all to do with it.
Mary extended her hand and said, “Orkun.” As they shook hands briefly, she lowered her head and looked up at Seb through her eyelashes. “Seb, how wonderful to meet you.” She was flirting with him and it turned John’s stomach. “I’m so looking forward to working closely with you.” How had he ever loved this duplicitous, evil creature?
John whimpered and pushed up to lock their lips together again. After a few moments of hot, slick kisses, Sherlock pulled back again and looked down at his cock resting on the hem of John’s cardigan.
Mycroft smiled. His genuine, warm smile so few got to see. Greg adored that smile. God, he was still smitten even after all of these months.
He gripped the paper and brought it closer to his face, bottom lip pouting out a bit. “Not just you,” he grumbled. “I talked about
He stood there in the doorway, wearing pajama bottoms and his dressing gown. He kept his hand on the doorknob and his other hand clenched in a fist at his side. His hair was sticking up in the back, as if he had been rousted from sleep. Which he had. Despite the indignity of his hairstyle, he glared down at Sherlock with unblinking midnight blue eyes. He stared for a full 60 seconds, during which his breathing became more rapid, but he never blinked. Sherlock was caught in his sights and could do nothing but try to breathe and hold his eyes. Despite his deep respect, and maybe fear, for this John Watson, he tried to convey a look of cool nonchalance.
Sherlock practically felt the hormones rushing around his body. He felt euphoric. He was struck silly by the situation, of having John’s cock in his arse and his own semen in his hair. It was suddenly the most hilarious thing and he giggled brazenly. He felt John’s own laughter shake their chests together.
John had to calm his breathing, and tried to lower his heart rate. Threatening to kill everyone involved with the operation probably wouldn’t help Sherlock heal. He turned his head and kissed Sherlock’s palm. He opened his mouth to speak.
Sherlock looked down and nodded. The corners of his mouth pulled down and his lower lip jutted out slightly. He sighed.
Sherlock looked at John’s sleeping face and imagined him coming into his bedroom and finding him asleep. He knew he must have been disappointed. After all, Sherlock had practically promised shagging. Sherlock wondered how long John’s phone call was. He hadn’t meant to fall asleep but he must have done so within minutes of lying down.
Sherlock nuzzled into John’s neck further. “I hardly think of that now. I can only think of you and me.” He raised his head to look at John. His lips hovered so close to John’s. He dropped his voice and repeated, “You and me.”
John had put on his best suit in preparation for their date. Sherlock took one look at him and removed the suit. Well, just the trousers. Well, actually, he just tugged the trousers down around John’s hips because he just had to have John in his mouth
Sherlock climbed up and draped himself along John’s back. John hummed and reached for his wrist, pulling it to his hand to gently bite the tips of Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers.
After two beats I opened my mouth to take a breath and he said, “Well, uh...I’m headed upstairs to change,” and nodded to the ground. As he headed quickly upstairs, I closed my mouth, teeth clicking away the aborted words.
As Sherlock paid the driver, John said, “No more casework tonight? Are you sure there isn’t more we can do?”
I hung my greatcoat and scarf and pretended not to see him making tea in the kitchen. I walked to the window and picked up my violin and immediately started playing whatever was on the music stand. Soothing. Calming. Familiar.
John’s whole body buzzed with tension. He looked over at Greg and raised his eyebrows. Surely they would go in now. Greg just pursed his lips.
A tight, cold knot formed in the pit of John’s stomach as he listened to Sherlock’s increasingly frantic and frustrated voice tell the story. He kept his hand on Sherlock’s the whole time.
John felt Sherlock flatten is tongue and swipe quickly up, and up, and up, and up against his entrance, over and over again. John could feel every taste bud drag along his sensitive flesh. He writhed back and forth thrusting his cock up into nothing. He couldn’t stay still, but Sherlock held onto him tightly. Just as he was going to ask for more, or different, or something...Sherlock right hand moved towards his own lips. Sherlock was sucking on his fingers.
He sat back on his heels, resting his hands on Sherlock’s hips and smiled up at him. He hoped he didn’t look as smug as he felt.
Sherlock held out his hand and she took it lightly, exchanging quiet hellos. Akari stared at his face, eyes roving from hair to eyes to lips and all around again. He was quite used to it. The staring had been happening since he was fifteen. He flushed at the memory of John doing it when they first met months ago. John, never far from his thoughts. He ruthlessly pushed those feeling down, hoarding them, hiding them, for a later, more appropriate time.
“John. John. John!” he chanted, panting into John’s open mouth. He alternated between thrusting up into John's fist and bouncing his arse cheeks on John's cock.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said as he followed her inside. He’d bribed her into cleaning the flat by promising to play cards with her on any three occasions of her choosing. It would be a steep price to pay, but he couldn’t remember how he’d left the place. It wouldn’t do for John to stay in a potentially hazardous, borderline drug den, so he’d called Hudders.
All three entered the building with extreme caution. In what was John’s sixth or seventh adrenaline spike in as many hours, he welcomed his brain’s singular focus and body’s numb determination. The small entryway led to narrow hallways going several different directions. They would not split up, John knew. But he had to restrain himself from screaming Sherlock’s name and running down every one of those hallways.
Sherlock just looked at him and wondered how many more surprises John Watson had in store for him. He flopped his legs down so he was essentially starfished across their bed. John crawled up and looked at him with a small smirk.
Sherlock knew the head sommelier at London’s best new restaurant. Of course, the sommelier just so happened to owe Sherlock a favor. That favor was redeemed with a 8 pm reservation on a Saturday night.
Unable to comprehend why his brain allowed his mouth to speak those words, John overcame his zombie-like state by shaking his head down at the sidewalk. He was going to wait to say anything,
Sherlock did his best to resist his cocaine cravings. He meditated, took long jogs through Regent’s Park, and insinuated himself in to John’s personal space whenever he could. John was incredibly proud of him and told him so often.
“It’s driving me crazy!” Sherlock pulled his hair with the orange gloves, made a pained face, and stared at his hands. He looked utterly confused about why his hands were covered in industrial rubber and removed them, flinging them in John’s general direction. “It’s a Eurasian wryneck,
Without doing a thing, it seemed that I had ruined John’s date. Well, he had ruined it with his apparent obsession with me. Raising my palms together to rest under my chin, I thought about telling John how I felt. However, he seemed irritated at the moment so I would have to wait, but I estimated my chances for romance with John were raised to 40% given this conversation.
John had not noticed at the time but Sherlock must have been so on edge that he couldn’t wait. John was slightly regretful and slightly flattered that the act of sucking his cock could reduce his normally composed friend into a man with the libido and stamina of an adolescent boy.
He took the mug of broth and swallowed the pills. The broth was salty and warm. The perfect temperature, and he swallowed the whole cup in a few swigs.
Sherlock raised himself up slightly so he could look at John. He softly smiled as he took in John’s relaxed expression. His John was so beautiful.
John pulled his head away and moved his hands up to Sherlock’s head, guiding him back a little bit so that they could look at each other.
Sherlock started pacing and muttering, “No. No. No. It should be all right,” he nodded, “It will be fine.”
“He was one of a dozen or so beautiful young things at an after-hours party. MDMA, coke, various pills. We had a tip that the woman running all of the illegal drugs in Central London was going to be at this party. So we gather all of the evidence. Undercover work and surveillance recordings, lots of hard work to get that stuff. And we raid this place. Sherlock was there with a woman who fit the description of our kingpin. We arrested them.”
“You can read your inane spy novels with transparent plots and wooden characters in digital form. Welcome to the 21st century.”
Sherlock answered before Anderson could open his mouth, “Asphyxiation is extremely rare in the absence of obvious trauma to the neck except in cases of anaphylaxis. Here there is evidence of neither. Clearly poisoning. Was it accidental or murder? I need to find the poison and the motive to prove the latter.”
. Sherlock only lasted because of how slow John wanted it. The lazy rhythm gave him enough time to adjust to the friction between thrusts. It also helped him last if he picked a random element from the periodic table and silently recited everything he knew about each...including, but not limited to, atomic weight, year of discovery, atomic composition, melting point, boiling point, and density. He could last ages that way. When John finally came, sweaty and screaming his name, he felt like Eros himself.
Thank you so much for reading this. Thanks to those enthusiastically commenting even when you had to wait months for an update.
Before John could decide what he would do next, Victor noticed him. And Sherlock noticed Victor looking behind them. Unconsciously, his body stiffened into parade’s rest. He found himself jerking his chin up as Sherlock turned around. He watched as Sherlock’s affectionate and smiling eyes fell on his. He held his breath as Sherlock’s face fell.
The enhancement to his eyes was nothing short of stunning. As it was, he had the most beautiful eyes John had ever seen. But with the dark lines surrounding them, they were mesmerizing. John watched as each bar patron reacted with obvious lustful shock when Sherlock leveled his gaze at them.
“Hey mate, maybe leave the questions to me?” He raised his eyebrows and hands in a non-threatening gesture.
He cleared his throat and looked down. The corners of his mouth pulled down, he said, “It was all right.”
“Oh, John…” Sherlock murmured and placed a hand on it. He looked at it and his eyes went wide with realization. He went very still and repeated, reverently, “John.”
Greg looked relieved, like he wanted to talk about Sherlock, but not his disappearance. He smiled fondly into his paper cup. “I arrested him.”
One swipe along his frenulum. “Tell me,” he said, before engulfing Victor’s thick erection with wet heat.
Sherlock hugged him back, rubbing up and down his back and shoulders. His hands strayed a little lower until he was squeezing John’s arse and lifting his chin up into a deep kiss. Sometimes Sherlock towered over John, but sometimes he would bend his knees to allow John to take control, be bigger, dominate. He did just that, he bent his knees and bowed his torso somewhat so that their hips could align, but never broke their kiss. John’s arms could reach all the way around Sherlock’s broad shoulders to squeeze and rub and hold him in place. John made small grinding motions pressing his burgeoning erection into Sherlock’s.
Sherlock’s deep voice resonated within his chest, so when he spoke, one did not only hear the beautiful baritone, but feel it. John got close to him whenever he could. When he spoke, John loved to let the waves of sound run through his muscles and down to his bones.
The power had gone out again at Baker Street. It had happened so many times over the last three months that Sherlock reluctantly called Mycroft to inquire about the ancient wiring on their block. Mycroft had responded quickly, but there was only so much he could do. When he tended to Baker Street’s Victorian-era infrastructure it had be discreet and infrequent, to avoid the appearance of favoritism. Therefore, it took several weeks for the transformers to be replaced all around Marylebone.
Sherlock ignored her. Actually, he was ignoring them all, rapidly sinking into a deeply silent sulk.
He flung himself to his knees in front of John and grabbed both hands in his. John wouldn’t even look at him.
Sherlock used his index and middle finger to push John’s cock down against his lower lip. He continued to watch John’s face.
Sherlock sat up and leaned back. This was how he wanted to come. His hands on John's thighs, his cock pressing his prostate. John's eyes glazed over and his face slackened with pleasure.
Breaths came raggedly as he tried to remain in control. He wanted to lock every one of them in a room and scream and hit and strangle until one of them gave Sherlock back. His heart raced dangerously as the adrenaline and cortisol and caffeine from their morning coffee pumped through his tightening veins.
“Stop right there,” shouted the officer. John could hear what sounded like boxes and possibly a tablet computer crashing to the ground.
Sherlock opened the door to the lounge and let John walk in first. He looked around slowly turning to look at every detail of the room. He walked towards the window and looked out for a long time, saying nothing. Sherlock went into the kitchen to make them tea.
There was one other doorway in the small hallway. He tried the doorknob. He opened the door slowly, revealing a dark room with nothing but a very sturdy metal bed frame with a thin mattress thrown overtop. He snapped a couple of photos before he shut the door and left down the stairwell all the way down to the ground floor.
He felt sick to his stomach from the drugs they gave him at A&E. John had made sure he would only be given a small dose of opiates. They sent him home with some high milligram ibuprofen and a sling. It was time for another dose, and he could tolerate the ibuprofen, but he probably should have eaten when John offered his help. John was in bed and Sherlock supposed he deserved to be left alone to sleep.
“Your deductions were brilliant as usual. Your coat always swings so lovely. Your beautiful face, and lips. And your eyes, holy fuck, your eyes.”
Sherlock turned onto his back and Victor sank to the floor, pulling him into a tight embrace. He put his aching arms around his oldest friend and didn’t let go for a very long time.
It had only been two weeks, but it was the most intense relationship either of them had ever had. John felt like he was desperately in love with the Major, but he convinced himself it was too soon. It was the war. The adrenaline. It was the way James smelled. They had chemistry - gorgeous, smoking hot, sexual chemistry. But it couldn’t last so John made sure he was present, feeling everything. He engaged full-on with each moment as it happened.
Sherlock didn’t know what he wanted him to say so he simply said, “Thanks.” He turned and started to walk up the flight of stairs beyond the lounge door. John picked up his bag and followed.
John shuddered. Loving the close relative of an entire government was dangerous. Just the kind of challenge John loved.
“It’s only half past six,” I protested. What would I do now? John in bed, away from me, was so boring.
Itchy. His eyelids fluttered. His whole face felt hot. The skin around his nose and mouth was tight and prickly. His eyes were irritated by every movement of his eyelids. Slowly, as he regained his ability to observe, to think, he realized two things. He must be allergic or sensitive to whatever Mary drugged him with, whatever chemical was on that damned piece of paper. And he was in a moving vehicle.
“ - prepares perfect sashimi. Who can make chocolate croissants. Someone who will paint your portrait and write sonnets about you and sing odes to the beauty of your eyes and...and...your arse! Not me, Sherlock! You need someone better than me!”
Greg looked around at all of his friends. He noted that John and Sherlock had disappeared. He smirked as he took a last swig of his pint. He knew he shouldn't, but he hoped they were up to something that might earn them ASBOs. He’d always had a bit of a public sex link himself.
Sherlock kissed his nose, cheeks, eyelids, jaw, that little cleft in his chin. John sighed, opened his eyes, and leaned forward to softly kiss Sherlock’s waiting lips.
His own heartbeat in his ears drowned out the sound of Greg yelling at his field team. He lifted his hands to his open mouth and looked at nothing. They’d lost him. They were listening, everything sounded normal. They could hear him clearly. They heard the photographer, the assistant, everything. Then Mary showed up. It was strange hearing her voice again after all of those years. He actually felt nauseous listening to her patronizing tone as she called him special. Hearing him start to say “John” as he must have been falling.
He stood in the corner, just watching. He let his eyes devour John’s bare skin, his surprisingly thick thighs, the soft light fur that covered the whole surface, the bulge of his pectoral muscles, his biceps flexing in his tight t-shirt.
Sherlock said, “But not every surface. We still have the chair by the door, each dining table chair, the kitchen table, the little table and chairs in the kitchen, both flights of stairs, not to mention the floor. There’s lots of floor space, John.”
Sherlock was very confused. This was serious. John had a monster cock. Someone at a university or maybe even the government should be informed. Sherlock wondered how that would affect their relationship. Would people be after John now? Would he want to use his cock with other people? Sherlock’s bottom lip projected out in an incipient pout, on its way to full-blown.
John placed his hand in the center of Sherlock’s heaving chest and straightened his arm. It was a classic rugby block. “Stop.”
I focused on John. His eyebrows lowered and lips pinched with concern. It took me less than three seconds to realize that I had been holding my breath to the point that my face was red. Sucking in a deep breath that was far too loud for the room, I said, “Hello John. And his date.”
Mary got a job at a mid-level modeling agency in Fitzrovia named Agra. Very soon she worked her way up from receptionist to Vice President. It was fast and unexpected and more than a bit suspicious.
Seated in the corner, John said again, “Starving.” He smiled at me as he held the menu. “Should I even look at this or can you deduce what I like?” He winked.
John smiled and pushed himself up to kiss Sherlock’s lips. He immediately wrapped John up in his arms. He let his hands roam as they kissed. The feeling of John’s smaller body pressed against his chest, their hips and cocks aligned, John’s legs pressed between his, was comfort and excitement and warm affection. John reached under them and squeezed his arse pressing them closer together. Their erections slid across, around, up and down, together. Their tongues tangled together, wet, slick friction driving him crazy. John placed his hand between them, creating a space for them to align and slide. He gasped when John landed a particularly well-placed thrust. The friction was perfect and he was going to come. He wanted to come with John in his arms, on his body, in his bed. John moved his mouth to his neck sucking kisses from his collarbone to just behind his ear. He heard John’s breath coming faster and felt his thrusts becoming more rhythmic, stronger, harder.
He hoped to entice John to use more than his foot. With one slow hand, he reached under his balls and massaged. After a few light circles he stoked over his balls and finally took himself in hand. “I want,” he said, stroking faster, “you to hurry up.”
Sherlock pulled away and stood, removing his jacket and quickly unbuttoning his shirt. John leaned unsteadily back onto the dining room table.
He remembered the taste of John’s tongue in his mouth. The smell of John’s arousal penetrating his nostrils, molecules tripping electricity along axons towards the olfactory regions in his brain. The information received incurably changed the way he would process the individual scents of latex, tea, salt, gun oil, Sainsbury’s shampoo for men. A mix uniquely associated with his John.
After several minutes of shouting abuse, the previously unseen person marched through the apartment door and into the hallway and into John’s view. His hands were bound in front of him. He was a model, had to be. He looked to be barely ‘of age’ and wore extremely tight orange denims and a white polo. He looked at John and the corners of his mouth tipped up slightly. “Good luck finding them,” he sneered.
“I’m serious,” he said still smirking. “I love it when I can stump you. Your genius mind against my tiny brain. I can still surprise the great Sherlock Holmes sometimes.”
He had a voice. A particular way of speaking, like the Majors with whom he’d spent so much time. “Take off your coat. Stand here,” he pointed at a spot near the windows.
“Yeah?” John sighed, as he kissed his jaw, and tightened his grip around their cocks and thrusting lightly. Sherlock’s cock was unassuming when flaccid, but when he was aroused it filled out to be longer and thicker than average, with a gorgeous head that John called “pretty”. John’s cock was shorter, but thicker than his. One of Sherlock’s very favorite things to observe was John Watson getting an erection. John would stroke himself or sometimes Sherlock would touch him and just watch. John would simply stay quiet, with half-lidded eyes clouded with lust while it happened. The sight was so erotic, turned him on so much, that he could only look every few times they had sex. It was very overwhelming.
“It’s okay, you can tell me sometime. But what I do know is that you have a bit of a crush on the good detective.” John smiled warmly. He was teasing, but he wanted to lighten the mood, make Sherlock smile.
“True,” he said, smiling wider. “I might have done them more often if I knew how stimulating it was for you.”
“Exactly,” Sherlock said, smiling widely. He folded John into a tight embrace on the steps of 221b and buried his face in John’s neck. He inhaled deeply against his humid skin, realizing that John’s scent alone was enough to make him hard. John bewildered him, and fascinated him, and turned him on like no one he’d ever been with. He couldn’t wait to get him naked. “Come on,” he said and dragged John up the stairs by the hand.
Greg clapped him on the shoulder once and said, “Your eyes look clear.” His meaning was not lost on anyone in the room and Sherlock nodded his head with a slight smile. John looked at them together, thankful that Sherlock had this man in his life.
They stood there for long minutes learning each other’s lips, tongues, teeth, jawlines. Sherlock’s hands stayed on his head, but he allowed himself to indulge in running his hands over Sherlock’s torso and hips and arse. Sherlock hummed and moaned and made gorgeous little grunting sounds as their kiss turned from sweet to exploratory to heated.
John’s head snapped up and he snarled, “No, he’s an arsehole, and you’re mine!” He roughly grabbed Sherlock’s head and pulled him down into a rough kiss.
Sherlock looked at him, head tilted bashfully. “I haven’t quit forever,” he said, exactly like a true addict, “but I’m trying to see…” He looked as if he wanted to say something else, but he quietly repeated, “I’m trying.”
She inched backwards reaching behind her for the door knob, never taking her eyes off of John. He made no more moves towards her and let her go.
Sherlock opened his eyes but didn’t say anything for a long time. John released his hand and Sherlock pulled it back to clasp both hands under his chin. “They drugged us.”
. He closed his eyes as John ran his hand up over his belly and chest. John took his hand away but before he could protest, he felt something very light settle on his skin, near his navel. He looked down. It was the tiny bird skull, glowing against his browned, salty skin. John snapped a very closeup photo of it and then bent down to retrieve a small shell. He placed it on his skin near the skull.
Sherlock’s head swam. John hadn’t let him finish his reassuring thoughts...on second thought, maybe admitting that he thought McGregor was good-looking would not be reassuring at all.
The combination of his scalp pain, John’s rough lips sucking at his neck and his warm, small hand expertly working his leaking cock drove most of Sherlock’s brain functions off-line. All he could think of was the building pleasure buzzing through him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not quite understanding feeling sentimental over shoes. But then John had kissed him thoroughly and Sherlock didn’t care anymore about socks or shoes or even time itself.
His mouth filled with saliva as his eyes swept up and down Victor’s body, taking in every beautiful detail. A choked noise like “Guh” came out of his mouth. Sherlock belatedly realized, with horror and humiliation, that he had an erection. He turned away with a grunt but it was too late, Victor had opened his eyes. He may have missed the erection, but he must have seen the slack-jawed, open look of pure lust on his face.
He didn’t know exactly how to start. He wasn’t used to talking his way out of situations. His talking usually led them
“Sherlock Holmes, for pity’s sake, I heard you the first time. Why can’t you just text me? Honestly, I don’t know why I put up with you.”
John could not believe how pompous and calm this man was when his brother had been kidnapped, held, and possibly assaulted. Somehow, the fact that he was so calm, reassured John in a strange way. Even this man would surely show some emotion if Sherlock had been hurt. “How is he?”
With a noise that cleared his throat, John grumbled, “I try not to be obvious about it, but I guess I check out everyone. From head to toe. All of the time.” He looked mortified.
As John looked on with dark eyes, Sherlock slowly unbuttoned his cuffs and started on the main buttons of his shirt. To make sure that his face expressed his accurate feelings he thought over and over again,
“Ha ha,” he said humorlessly. “You don’t know what it’s like. You are lonely, but not alone. You are thrown into a place where almost everyone wants you to die, except for your fellow soldiers. It changes you, and you disobey the rules.” He smirked, “because it feels fucking good to do something bad.”
John decided that it wasn’t worth trying to explain how things actually were to the proprietor of Cross Keys Inn. He hated saying ‘it’s not like that’, because he very much wanted them to be ‘like that’. He had endured months of everyone around them assuming that he and Sherlock would be perfect for each other. It was just plain irritating.
“I’m funnier with you,” John smirked with a mischievous glint as he looked down, “I’m sexier with you.”
John groaned and pulled him back down to bite and suck on Sherlock’s lips. This was John’s method to make Sherlock’s lips appear even fuller. John loved his lips and Sherlock happily obliged. He relaxed his mouth and let John take what he wanted. He snuck in a nip or a suck when he could.
John crossed his arms across his chest and quirked the ends of his lips upwards in a menacing half-smile. He glared and said, “We’re going there.”
“You really should go,” Sherlock choked out, “I’ll only continue to hurt you. You don’t deserve it and I’ll keep hurting you. You should never have chosen me. This.” He waved his hand vaguely between them.
Sherlock went from frozen (enraptured, really) to vibrating with excitement again. “John, I need to watch next time. I need to feel it go from soft to hard. I need to see how it fills out, how it pulls away from your body. Will you let me measure it? I need to estimate its density. Estimate the volume of blood required to fill it. Oh! We can try different stimuli and determine the time needed to go from soft to hard. Please, John, please say I can watch next time.” After this long and rapid speech, he simply looked into John’s wide eyes.
I wanted him though. I could not deny how much I wished to touch him. Wishes were futile and childish. I spent the rest of that night listening to deafening chimes, the waning traffic, and the tidal rhythms of the Thames.
Sherlock thrust his hips up into John’s and said, “Feel more than this? I’m afraid it doesn’t get bigger, John.”
Sherlock hummed into John. He changed his tongue movements to swirl and suck and kiss. After a long moment, John was breathing heavily and pushing back into his face. He was lost in the taste and smell and feel of him. His cock strained against the front of his trousers and he kept humming and licking and kissing.
As John was opening a bottle of red, he snuck glances at his guest. Sherlock still wore his big coat with the collar popped. “You can hang your coat if you like,” John said, gesturing to where he had hung his Haversack.
John loved the small sounds Sherlock made when they kissed and touched. Small throaty moans, getting louder and deeper as the moments went on.
It was eating at me. I had to do something to remind myself who I was. I could not let a gorgeous, muscular, endlessly fascinating war hero medical doctor derail what was a perfectly sterile and efficient life. The work afforded me intrigue, almost enough money to live in my chosen home, and enough stimulation so that I could resist the seven percent temptation. Resistance to John Watson’s charms was what I needed.
“Let’s go to bed, John,” he said as he stood up stiffly. He ran his hands along John’s back and arse, up then down as John sleepily hummed.
“You knowing everything about me just by looking.” He lifted his hand to massage the back of his neck and looked down at the floor.
John cleared his throat and lifted his arm in the direction of the small control room. “Over here. You can get ready here.”
John thrust into Sherlock from behind and said, “I love to fuck you. You're perfect.” Sherlock could only grunt in response. He leaned forward onto his elbows, head hanging down until his fringe brushed the sheets. He was trembling slightly, a response to John’s torturously unpredictable rhythm. His nape was wet with hot drops of sweat that slowly moved down each curl. It dripped onto his forearms.
John smiled mildly as he explained his vision for the overall shoot. Sherlock listened intently and was again surprised that he loved all of John’s ideas. Photographers always wanted to sort of ‘butch’ him up. His features were so unique and not-quite-delicate, but feminine in a way. Especially his lips. John, however, wanted to highlight his features and have him wear makeup. Full smokey eyes with soft glossy lips. Sherlock smiled. He was actually excited to get started. He needed just one little bump and then he’d be ready.
Standing in front of a wall of gorgeously luminescent jars was John, in his jeans and Haversack, looking about as confused as Sherlock had been a few minutes previous.
“Yes. There are biological and non-biological. Biological being olfactory and the sense receptors on the tongue. Non-biological I already mentioned.”
“No, I don’t think you can offer me what I need.” He didn’t quite sneer, but it was clear that he was not impressed with John’s politeness. John was not about to “offer him what he needed,” or what this young addict thought he needed. This boy didn’t need more...cocaine, John guessed...he needed sleep and some food.
He looked up from his laptop to find Sherlock staring at him from the couch. He smiled and John smiled back. Both tentative.
Sherlock looked a bit sad. John stopped shooting and was about to ask if he could change his facial expression when he quietly said, “My friend, Victor, got in a spot of trouble in Milan. I tried to help him but I couldn't. It didn't work.”
John leans forward and says the thing they are both expecting. He doesn’t know how Sherlock will answer and he feels like he’s riding a unicycle on the edge of a cliff.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and his jaw dropped. He blinked at John, whose face remained earnest with eyebrows slightly raised. He loved saying things to shock Sherlock.
John didn’t even need to look to know exactly the photo Sherlock asked about. Of course, this beautiful, scarily perceptive genius would pick that photo from the scores of others crowding the walls.
Sherlock leaned down and draped himself along John’s back again, sliding his arms under his shoulders. He lifted John up, holding him close against his chest. John stood then lolled his head back against Sherlock’s shoulder.
Angelo brings the wine himself, fawning all over them, telling them that he’s made something very special tonight. He bought the freshest tomatoes he’d ever seen at the market that morning. He would be honored if they would try the special dish. They, of course, agree. They hand the menus back and settle in for a toast. “Cheers,” they say, smiling softly at one another before sipping the delicious malbec.
John hadn't moved. He watched where their bodies were connected and reached out his hand to feel where Sherlock was stretched out around him. They both moaned.
he had been surprised to realize his true feelings. Even on the roof. Even seeing John weep at his empty grave. Even then he didn’t know. He thought his feelings were friendship. Real. Strong. True friendship.
“Like this.” Sherlock grabbed just below the base of a faded bloom. His long fingers gripped hard and yanked straight up, pulling the dead flower cleanly from the stem.
He walked back into the lounge and started reading them to John. “Purple magazine. Watson is the photographer. Rented a small cottage for you for two days.”
John reaches his other hand up to slide it around Sherlock’s neck and gently pull him closer. Sherlock quickly moves forward, inclining his head, to bring their lips together in a soft, warm kiss. A jolt of excitement, of pure joy, zings down John’s spine and settles in his groin, tingling deliciously.
His narrowed eyes snapped to John’s. A current thrilled up the back of his neck at Sherlock’s laser focus on him. He watched as John got up, walked over, and sat on the sofa next to him. He kept a bit of distance between them.
John pushed a bit of Jack’s fringe from his forehead. It was an excuse to touch him again. “Well, I do.”
As she spoke, John clenched and unclenched his fists at his side. He stared at her, unblinking. Lestrade took notes but noticed her voice getting quicker and higher pitched during this speech. He looked over at John.
She saw right through me as if she were a Holmes. “Are you trying to drive the poor man away? Carrying on like you do, Sherlock. You were so lonely before. I think he’s been good for you.”
“You’re mad and perfect and I’m happy to be here with you too.” He walked over and handed him his cup. “Cheers,” he said, clinking their little cups together. They downed their drinks in one gulp.
John quickly shut his gaping mouth and said, “Nothing,” a bit too loudly. His face had been the perfect picture of shock. “Mrs. Holmes? I’m John.”
Sherlock was stunned into silence, frozen there in his chair. It took him a few minutes to come back to the living room at 221B from within his head. He lunged out of his chair, grabbed for his coat, and noisily clattered down the stairs. John was down the block a bit, but Sherlock easily caught up. John took one look at his face, broke into a huge dopey grin, and kissed him right there on Baker Street.
John looked smug. A long time ago, Sherlock had told him that he was one of the only people he’d ever met that ever surprised him. John wore it like a badge of honor.
Mycroft just smiled placidly. “As you wish.” He stood and walked towards the door. When he reached the doorway, he said without turning around, “I’m glad you’re safe, Sherlock.”
“You looked me up somehow,” John said, incredulous. He couldn’t decide if he should be flattered that a gorgeous young man sought him out online or frightened that an unpredictable drug addict stalked him through unknown channels.
John sighed again, opened his eyes, and looked at Sherlock intensely, “So we were both looking at each other’s trousers trying to deduce what our cocks looked like and neither of us said anything. For years. We are such idiots. We have been idiots for years.” Then John looked at Sherlock with fire in his eyes, all of a sudden angry, “Why couldn’t you deduce it? Why couldn’t you deduce how I felt? Or how I would react if you told me how you felt?” His voice had dropped to a harsh whisper, the way it did when John was really very furious.
That worried John. He didn’t know how bad Sherlock’s problem had been, but he’d been around long enough to see how bad it could get. He was comforted that Sherlock thought he was a deterrent or could provide encouragement to stay clean, but he knew that ultimately it was up to Sherlock. Brilliant, young, troubled Sherlock.
He pumped his hand up and down the shaft, sucking strongly at the head, causing John to moan. All of John’s muscles became taut and Sherlock knew he was close. One last thrust and his throat was held open by John’s pulsing cock. He hummed around it, feeling so grateful for the unimaginable pleasure of making John come, feeling his beautiful release, his incredible pleasure. Sherlock loved everything about sex with John but John’s pleasure was paramount, the ultimate goal.
Jack followed John to the end of the bar, away from the curious looks from the rest of their party. The bar was crowded and loud so he had to stretch upwards to speak into Jack’s ear. “Where are you from, Jack?”
John closed his eyes and his last disjointed thoughts were about James. James needed to get his men out. James needed to deny he knew John. James needed to keep himself safe.
In the tried and true modus operandi of criminals everywhere, a giant bag of cash was exchanged between Duncan and Graham. They didn’t shake hands. Mary looked eager to have them leave and said, “Thank you, it’s been a pleasure.” She turned on her heels and walked into the building leaving the men to talk with Graham.
Then they were kissing, John’s hand back on them, much more slick now. John was thrusting and kissing and gripping them tightly. They rocked together in a rhythm with one goal. This was not a time for teasing or drawing it out. This was a time for imminent crashing climaxes.
It took me longer than I would like to decide whether to reply to him or not. It seemed I was still uncertain when it came to how to deal with John Watson. I remembered Mrs. Hudson’s words.
He opened his section of newspaper and started to read. He thought that would signal the end of our conversation, but he was not in charge, and I was not done.
“Nope.” He trailed his hands down John’s neck and shoulders to his biceps. He stared at the scar on his chest and brought his hand around to his shoulder blade to feel for the larger scar there. John tensed under his hands. “You don’t know how beautiful this is. It’s bravery and loyalty - ”
Sherlock just kept sweeping his long fingers along the nape of John’s neck, into the hairs on the back of his head. John hummed with satisfaction. They were quiet for a few minutes. Sherlock’s shoulders started shaking a bit. John startled that maybe he was weeping, but why would that be? Confused, he looked up at Sherlock’s giggling face.
Sherlock, of course, could see fine. He tried to be helpful and told John that 41% of the population in the UK needed slight magnification - reading glasses - after the age of 45. John told him to ‘sod off’ and that he could ‘help by shutting the fuck up.’
It was after hours, but that was not an obstacle for Sherlock and his lock picks. They entered Regent’s park and Sherlock headed towards a cryptic gate unfamiliar to John. Lock picked, they entered quietly.
After getting the green light from the medical team they walked towards Greg. When he noticed them, he smiled, teeth glowing in the blue flashing lights of the police cars. “I’ll give you a ride back to Baker street, yeah?”
Sherlock smiled softly, with that open, pleased expression that John came to associate with every quiet moment they shared. “What can I do for you?”
“I want to learn more and more about you. Learning every inch of your gorgeous body will distract me for a while, I’m sure, and I’m so looking forward to it. But I want to know it all, Sherlock. I need to know that we are committed, together, that nothing will ever come between us.” John whispered fiercely, “I’m all in, I can’t do this part way. You can’t get bored, and piss off on some adventure without me. You have to say yes, please. You have to say you’ll stay with me.” John was breathing heavy at the end, with red-rimmed eyes of his own.
Tag update - these last few weeks in US politics have been particularly triggering for so many people, including me. In my head, in this story, Sherlock has always been sort of leered at and a few times touched by creepy men. His backstory doesn’t not include assault, however, please heed the new tag. Trigger warning: implied non-consensual touching (on arms and back) by creepy men to a young teenaged Sherlock.  It’s merely a mention, it isn’t overtly sexual or violent at all. I just want you to be safe and take care of yourselves and each other.
John chokes on his wine, and has to turn away to avoid spitting his mouthful on the table. He coughs a few times, then turns back to Sherlock with a huge grin. Sherlock’s only response is one perfect, dark eyebrow, quirks towards his hairline.
Tough-Guy sputtered and the woman finally looked up from her phone at Sherlock. Her eyebrows knitted together, and her mouth pursed into an unpleasant pucker.
