“For the past few years, we have been making a database of all the cases we have worked,” Eileen began to explain, her words slow and careful, “We get alerts for anything that could be supernatural, and when we do, we can check it against the database. That way we might know what we’re dealing with without ever even leaving the Bunker, and send people in prepared. The more data we have, the better. And the Men of Letters were on the forefront in matters of supernatural research. We have learned so much from studying their work, things that have saved lives.”
“He’s right,” Sam said, looking at Adam in astonishment, “That way we can at least make it to the next town.”
“Hillary Johnton had been reported missing too,” Dean said and Cas nodded, “So had Keiron Winter,” he said.
That couldn’t be it. Dean hated Witches, hated anything and everything that wasn’t 100% human, because their dad had hated anything and everything that wasn’t 100% human and Dean and John were practically the same person. Right?
Dean swiveled around and saw Jo walking towards them, tears streaming down her face. Behind her, Dean could see Bobby, Ellen and Adam.
It was a seven-hour drive from Cold Oak, South Dakota to the Devil’s Gate in Wyoming but it felt like an eternity. No one spoke except for the occasional swearing, which came mainly from Dean.
The way Dean looked at him now, however, didn’t seem too upset, as if his maybe-maybe not son turning into the very thing they’d grown up hunting and hating wasn’t the worst thing that could happen. And maybe it wasn’t. Ben was still alive, after all.
“I believe you. Remember Gordon Walker?” Lenore paled even more. “He tipped me off. I knew you were in town, just not that it was you who lived here. There’s a second Pack and they’re killing people.”
“Dean Winchester?!” Surprise and disbelief joined her expression and Dean grinned wider. “The one and only.”
Something shifted on his right but Dean didn’t move, he knew better than that. They were playing a game and he refused to lose. A shadow scurried past him, a whooshing sound, a draft and suddenly something – no someone – was directly in front of him but Dean had been waiting for exactly that moment and he charged.
He made a pathetic attempt at a smile but as soon as he saw the thin line of Cas’ lips and the hard look in his eyes, he dropped it.
“Take as long as you need?” Sam echoed Dean’s words, mocking them, “Whatever happened to suck it up and quit being such a girl?”
“Come on,” he muttered softly after a while, leading Sam back to the Impala. His brother had hardly said a word since the fire, and Dean was painfully reminded that Sam hadn’t just lost his wife but also his unborn child. “We called Bobby and he said we could stay with him for a while.” What he didn’t mention was the stream of swears and curses that had left Bobby’s mouth once Dean had finished explaining. What he didn’t mention were the threats towards John that Bobby had muttered under his breath. What he didn’t mention were the tears in Dean’s eyes and Bobby’s voice as they both began to realised what Sam had lost.
Sam glanced over at his brother. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, guilt maybe, anger, but Dean still looked completely calm and collected.
Taking a deep breath, began to talk. He told Bobby of going to Stanford and getting into pre-law without quite knowing why, only that it was his own choice for once, that it was far, far away from everything. He’d just wanted to be normal. He told him how, once the novelty had worn off, the deep, dark pit in his stomach had returned, threatening to swallow him whole, how he’d filled it with work and success and a house, all meaningless and hollow if you looked at it for even a second too long. Told him of Jess – sweet, lovely, normal Jess – and the day she’d left him because of it all, “you’re like a man possessed,” she’d said. Told him of Dominique and Zara and Chrissie and jane and how they had all abandoned him.
“You really have changed, haven’t you?” Sam asked mesmerized, “I remember you being dad’s attack dog. What happened?”
“Do you know why we’re here?” Dean asked, trying to direct Missouri’s attention away from his brother.
- we started Hunting together after that,” Dean ended the story, “Cas surely knows a few tricks, got good connections, too. Did dad ever mention the Roadhouse to you?” Sam shook his head. “Yeah, he wouldn’t have. Ellen Harvelle runs it together with her daughter Jo. Ellen’s husband, Bill, was a Hunter too. Friend of dad. He died over ten years ago on a Hunt with dad. Apparently, it was dad’s fault.”
“I’ll tell you what was wrong with that,” Dean hisses, “We shouldn’t encourage him. We shouldn’t let him think that it’s okay to throw away his life for – for
It had taken him a long time and a boyfriend to realize it, but John was as much to blame as he was; training him to be the perfect soldier, an obedient pet, ready to follow orders. But Dean was not a soldier. He was a worrier. Fighting for what he believed in and right now he believed in Sam.
Dean shrugged, “’s not like Sam said much since it happened. The house was a ruin when we got there and Cas managed to talk to a view people at the station and they couldn’t find the source of the fire. The house was new. No way it just went up in flames for no reason.”
“I admit, that is strange. Psychics usually develop their powers from an early age on and they get stronger the older they get and the more they practice.”
, Sam would be able to take out anybody he wanted without breaking a sweat and even if he had had an eight-yearlong break, Sam still had the brain of a genius and one year back in the Life, had been enough to dust off his memories.
“Think about it, Cas.” Dean tried to stay calm. “Yellow-Eyes has all these ‘special children’ as he calls them but at least two of them are already dead. If he really needed all of them, he would have made sure that they survived,” he explained.
“Jo, what happened?” Ellen asked and stepped towards her daughter but she ignored her, instead she kept looking at Dean, a pained expression on her face.
There’s people inside. Dean could see a man in his mid-thirties sitting on the floor, next to him was an old woman, holding the hand of a little girl. Another women was praying in the corner. But what was far more interesting was that Sam seemed to know these people.
The first thing Sam noticed upon entering the War Room was Benny sticking a straw into a blood bag, one arm slung over Dean’s shoulders, both men laughing at something Charlie had said.
“It’s okay, Ruby,” Sam reassures her and they all walk inside while the girl named Ruby locks the door behind them.
“Thank you, Dean. For everything. Ben told me what happened and…I mean I can’t say I understand it but…thank you.”
“Just until we’re sure you’re not infected,” Dean explained calmly. He hated himself for what he was doing but they had to be sure.
“Maybe, or y’know, sometimes people just die,” Dean replied tired, knowing perfectly well that he was being unreasonable.
“Jess,” Sam whispered and Dean didn’t have to see his face to know that there were tears running down his cheeks.
“I know, Sammy. I know…” Without thinking about, Dean stood up and stepped closer to his brother, wrapping his arms around him, trying to shield him from a world as cruel as this, a world that would give him a wife and a child –
Her words made him chuckle despite the growing pit in his stomach. “Don’t worry, that’s not why I’m here,” he assured her, “I just – do you know Bobby Singer?”
“Well, yes, because there were two raging psychopaths on the loose, who are dead now so I decided it’d be safe to come out.” Adam flashed him a self-satisfied smirk that reminded him very much of himself.
“Alright,” he answered, feeling strangely nervous about the prospect of hitting the road with his brother after 15 years, not to kill, but to save people, to truly help them. And Dean trusted him with that.
Sam and Dean quickly filled Cas in on what was happening and Dean wasn’t surprised that Cas knew all about the Roanoke Colony; that man was a walking encyclopedia.
Sam thought of his house, now almost bare safe for his few possessions that meant nothing. He thought of his job and the Keller case coming up – they’d win, obviously. Keller was a multi-million company standing tall against the little independent business that was just trying to survive. They’d win and the little business would be crushed under Goliath’s heel, its owner stripped of everything they had.
Dean’s eyes were fixed on the gun, waiting for the shot to go off. But it never came. The door was slammed open, “No don’t. Don’t,” Sam shouted and Dean was never happier for seeing his brother, “Please. Please, Max.”
There, in the parking lot, leaned against the hood of the Impala, stood Dean, one hand stuffed into the pocket of his jacket, the other pressing a phone to his ear.
He could see it in the hardness of her eyes and the set of her jaw, the way she clenched her fist, could hear it in the sharpness of her voice – Dean had been like that, back when they’d still known each other. From what Sam had seen so far, he still was.
They hadn’t stayed long after that, instead deciding to grab a quick dinner and return to their motel for an early night.
“One of my colleges, Sarah McQueen, she lost her husband too. They had a child, little boy. It’s just the two of them now,” Matt said.
Giving the brunet a firm nod, Dean concentrated on the road once more and began to gently hum to the radio.
Suddenly, something grabbed him from behind and Dean felt darkness closing in around him, smothering him and when he opened his eyes again, he was sitting in a chair in a dirty basement.
“For good reason,” Dean countered, “The way dad treated us, it wasn’t right. You saw that way before I did.”
They followed their make-shift map into the woods, taking the same wrong turn twice before the trees spaced out somewhat and the rotten remains of a tree house appeared in front of them.
For the first time in what felt like months, Dean actually slept through the night. The nightmares had gotten worse after Sam’s disappearance, and when it wasn’t the ominous torture chamber it was someone he cared about, dying. First Cas, torn apart by a strange white light, then Jo and Ellen blown up in an explosion, Cas, ripped apart by an invisible force, Sam and Adam falling into an abyss. It was distressing. Of course, Dean had always had nightmares from time to time but never as bad as this. And never so…
He didn’t turn around to see if Adam was doing what he was told but he heard steps and then a door slamming shut. The old lady was dead, and Dean quickly turned around to check on Cas and Sam except it wasn’t Cas standing side by side with his brother but Ruby who was holding a bloody knife, behind them, on the floor, lay Kate. Dead.
“Dean mentioned.” Sam was pretty sure Cas aware of being watched, but he didn’t say anything, and he didn’t meet Sam’s eyes, instead focusing on the desktop screen, scrolling through what looked like a spreadsheet of some kind.
“Sure. That.” The part of Sam’s brain that wasn’t currently curled up in a corner wishing for death picked up on something in her voice, or maybe her eyes, that seemed off, cagey, like there was more to the story, but he decided not to question it, instead letting his gaze wander through the bar. He hadn’t really noticed it the previous night. There was a sign hanging on the wall, a list of rules, really.
Jody roped him into cutting the vegetables while she kept up a steady stream of conversation about the town and her husband and her job. Her husband Sean, she told him, was visiting his sister in New York who’d just given birth to a little boy. She was excited to meet him, she said. They’d lost their own son themselves when he’d still been a kid. She also talked about her family and there was so much genuine joy in her voice, so much pride and care and love, Sam had to turn his back to hide the tears in his eyes.
“Why? Because you and your family made his life hell. I’m sorry to say this but I think he just wants revenge for what you did to him.”
Following his instincts, Dean walked through the darkness, careful not to make too many sounds, always listening if something was moving around him; he was well aware that he was going right into a lion’s den, or y’know, Vampire’s den. Whatever. Same difference.
Sam wasn’t entirely clear on where exactly they were going. When asked, all Bobby had said was “home” as he drove them out of town to where the fields gave way to forest, and Sam was reminded that he didn’t even know where Bobby lived these days. Or Dean.
“Loads of stuff,” the boy answered and took a big bite, before listing a million things he liked. “- oh and there’s this really sweet ride just up the road. A ’67 Chevy Impala!”
Dean nodded. He was glad that Alex wasn’t alone in this, that he had his boyfriend to look after him.
Matt began fidgeting with the table cloth, he looked nervous, “It’s Alex, my boyfriend,” he whispered, “He’s missing.”
“Dean!” Dean turned his head and looked at Bobby. “We have to close the Gate!” Bobby shouted but although Dean could hear the words and knew what they meant, he didn’t understand them. Just kept staring at the older man, paralyzed.
“Well I don’t need protecting,” Dean snapped. He could see Cas’ point of course but he was Dean fucking Winchester. He didn’t run away. Ever.
“Well no, there this chick, Marya, and she’s like super cute and really clever and I’m so going to ask her out to the movies,” Ben reported excitedly and Dean couldn’t help but grin. He really did like the kid.
Phil stepped forward and led Chris into the lab while Dean ran his hand over his face, “I’m not gonna do it,” he decided.
He gestured for Charlie to bring him another drink and told her to leave the bottle; drunk or not, it clearly wasn’t enough. He could feel Dean’s eyes on him, the weight of it sending a strange wave of annoyance through his system.
They watched him pull off, perfectly knowing that this might have been the last time they ever saw each other.
According to Bobby, there had been eight dead bodies over the last three months, all drained of blood and two more were still missing.
The smell of the house, strange and unfamiliar, the almost-silence of creaking wood and Jody’s footsteps, the foreign light falling through the window, it was enough to set Sam in edge and chase away any last traces of tiredness. With a low groan, he sat up and looked around. He hadn’t paid any mind to the room the previous night, now he realized that, while it was certainly a guest room, it was also, undeniably, a child’s bedroom. Or it had been, once. A single, lonely glow star still stuck to the ceiling, on the wall next to the desk, faint and barely visible, Sam could see doodles drawn by a child’s hand, most books up on the shelves were goodnight stories and fairy tales.
He looked at Cas and Cas held his gaze. It was a silent fight of wills, one they had had many times before and Dean felt once more like Cas was looking into his soul rather than just his eyes, like he was being stripped off everything, leaving behind just his barest core of being. For once, it was Cas that gave in first. “Fine,” he conceded, clearly unhappy with his own decision, “Alex said that he was held in an old cabin in the woods just outside the city. I know where it is.”
“Anyway,” Dean went on after taking a deep breath, “Downstairs – Hell – they weren’t happy I’d ganked their prom king. I had a price on my head. They caught up with me eventually and – I was tired Sam.” Finally, for the first time since they’d left the Bunker, Dean looked at him, really looked at him. Sam wished he hadn’t. “I was done. I’d’ve died right there and then ‘cause I’d given up.” He shook his head, sighing. “Cas saved me. It’s what he does. It’s what he’s been doin’ ever since.”
“Shit,” Dean cursed. Quickly he drew his weapon and fired at the old lady, while shouting over his shoulder, “Adam get into the storage room, close the door, don’t come out!”
“Sam!” Dean quickly got up and walked towards his brother who was practically curled together on the floor now. “What’s wrong?”
Dean swallowed and found himself nodding in agreement, he strengthened his own grip on Cas’ hands before whispering, “I promise.”
“You wanna know what I think?” Dean asked, sounding almost gentle now. He hadn’t interrupted once during Sam’s little tale of woe, and still didn’t seem like he was about to start making fun of Sam which was perhaps the most unsettling thing about this whole situation.
He pressed a gentle kiss on Cas’ forehead and walked outside to his car. He knew that Ben had safely gotten back home, but he still needed to know how they were holding up and Lisa deserved an explanation.
Sam was just about to ask who ‘we’ was, when Bobby returned, followed by the man Sam had seen in one of the pictures back at the Roadhouse, sans the trench coat, and a brunet woman, neither of which looked surprised to see him.
“Jess and I met in college,” Sam muttered eventually, “She was perfect. Sweet and funny and…and normal. We moved in together pretty quick and after four years together I asked her to marry me. About a week ago, we moved into the new house, with Jess being pregnant and everything...” Sam’s voice failed. He stared blankly at the floor and Dean was hit by the darkness he could see in his little brother’s eyes. “I just want to find the thing that killed her and then I’m going to rip it apart.”
“Lisa Braeden? Your several-nights stand? She is a good a friend of Hayley Baitan. She and her son were there for a visit when we got there.”
“Sarah’s dealing...but Zack…” Greg shook his head, sadness clouding his eyes, “He was such a sweet kid, always laughing, but now…he hardly says a word.”
“Dean.” The name left him mouth before he could stop it, eyes still transfixed on the photo. “Are they – Ben and Claire – are they –” He couldn’t say it. It was too ridiculous.
“Not – not quite,” Sam answered carefully, “We’re here to help. We’ll take you to the hospital, but – but we need to talk to you first.”
do it, if you’re so sure?” he snapped and joined Chris and the doctor in the lab, leaving Sam standing in the corridor with Ruby.
“That’s…good.” If possible, the tension had grown even bigger. “Look – ” he began, the same time Lisa seemed to break and turned around, a steak knife in her hand, “What do you want?”
Sam nodded with a strange look on his face and together they left the room to save little Rosie and her family.
“Would you like some coffee?” Cas asked, his head tilting to the side, “Unless, of course, that interferes with your plans to sneak out.”
After the disaster in Indiana, they purposefully avoided the big Hunts, easing Adam into the Life with simple Salt’n’Burns or the occasional Cursed object and Adam was learning fast. Too fast, for Dean’s taste.
Halfway between Sioux Falls and Lawrence, they made a stop in a little town in Iowa and Dean pulled out his phone. There was no signal. They sat down in a diner for some burgers and, in Dean’s case, pie.
“No, dumbass. For me!” Dean snapped, though there was no heat behind his words, only a childish kind of joy that tore on Sam’s heartstrings for reasons he couldn’t quite name. “Hey, I think I found something!” Dean called out, waving at Sam to come closer before pointing at the ground – there, imprinted into a particularly muddy stripe of earth, were several set of footprints, some older, some more recent, all going back and forth, as if someone had walked this way several times over the past couple of days.
Sam stared at Bobby, taken aback by his words. What did he want? “I – I don’t know,” he finally admitted, and Bobby nodded his head.
, we were all pretty shaken up,” Cas explained, “We wanted to burn you, but John threatened us, said that whoever touched your body would be the one burning in the end and Sam…he just took the car and left.”
went unsaid but Sam heard it, nonetheless, thinking it somewhat unfair. It wasn’t like he’d wanted to leave without saying goodbye the last time. His father had been the one to tell him to never come back when he’d heard about Stanford, Dean had been the one to not contact him for years and years afterwards, and anyway, who was this guy that he could pass judgement over something that was none of his business?
“That’s enough,” John interrupted them and sat down opposite to Sam, “Listen, I wish I could tell you more, but I can’t. All know is that it’s happening again.”
he added in his mind. A part of him could understand where Max was coming from. Dean remembered every single time John took a swing at him. Remembered every beating he took. When John was drunk or angry or disappointed. It had taken him a long time to understand that that was not okay. What John had done, was wrong. And a part of him wanted revenge for that too. Revenge for the life that had been taken from him. But he also knew that that wouldn’t make a difference. Not now. Revenge wouldn’t make his mum come back. And it wouldn’t give him a normal life. Whatever normal meant.
“We’re not here to hurt you,” Dean repeated, he had his hands raised in a placating gesture, making sure to keep them where she could see them, telegraphing his movements as he stepped back just a bit, “We just wanna talk.”
Except that’s what he’d done, wasn’t it? Going to Stanford, playing house with one girlfriend after the other.
“Can you drop me off somewhere? I’m going to Nebraska, talk to Ellen and then see if I can find her.”
Sam shook his head. “It looks completely random. And it’s a small town so the Nest could be anywhere.”
Sheriff Jody didn’t live far. Sioux Falls wasn’t exactly the biggest town and the sheriff’s house was smack in the middle of it, a pretty little thing with a white picket fence and little protection symbols carved into the doorframe. It was a nice house. The walls were covered in pictures of what Sam assumed was Jody’s family, they looked happy, normal. There was that pit in his stomach again, looking at these photos, at what Jody had lost, at what everyone always lost, in the end
“Sam?” Sam looked up at the sound of his name, seeing Eileen give him a worried look. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, porn magazines.” Sam snored. “Anyway, there’s this story about the first English colony in 1587. Roanoke Colony, nowadays known as the Lost Colony. No one knows what happened, just that everyone vanished overnight and the only thing left was a word. Croatoan.”
Sam was trembling with anger and a part of Dean understood what Sam was feeling but…there was something else…something that had him worried.
“Fuck the case.” He couldn’t quite believe that he had just said that. “Call Bobby, tell him to set someone else on it.”
“What stupid kinda question is that? Do they know – Not exactly something you miss,” Dean rebutted with a frown, “’sides. Claire’s half-Witch herself and Ben –”
And he was, wasn’t he? How many times had Dean saved him? Put his life on the line for Sam? Done whatever was necessary to keep Sam safe? – The stealing, the lying, the bruises, Sam remembered, even if he hadn’t known what it meant back then. But now? He had no excuses.
“Dean, we won’t get any quicker to Cold Oak by getting pulled over by the police because of speeding, so slow down,” Cas said calmly but again. Dean ignored him. “Anyway, Bobby, Ellen and Jo are on their way to South Dakota right now, we’re going to meet them there.”
“You an’ Jo, huh?” Dean teased and he could see the younger boy blushing slightly, “Don’t worry, I don’t need to give you the whole ‘you break her heart, I’ll break your face’-speech, ‘cause she can do that by herself just fine.”
“There are signs. Everywhere the Demon showed up, Cattle deaths, temperature fluctuations, electrical storms. It started in Arizona, then New Jersey, California. Houses burned down to the ground. It's going after families, just like it went after us.”
“Okay.” Slowly, Fiona opened the door, just enough for her to slip outside, her eyes never leaving Dean.
The parking lot of the Wildlife Sanctuary Animal Centre was small, shady from the trees surrounding it. Dean knew he should turn around. He knew he was being reckless and unprofessional and what he was doing was in the ‘Top Ten Of Things That Get You Killed On A Hunt’- list but the thing was…the thing
The visit itself was disappointing to say the least. A grieving wife and a traumatized son was never much to go on and not finding any signs of anything really didn’t exactly make it easier.
He knew the legends of course; everyone did, but just like everyone, he had thought that that was all they were. Legends.
“Awesome.” Dean gritted his teeth. He had no idea what to do, feeling completely helpless and Dean hated feeling helpless. He turned around and saw that Adam had his arm slung around Jo’s waist, both of them looking grave, tired.
“Starving.” Ben cast his bag pack into a corner and sat down next to Dean while Lisa started making sandwiches.
But that just opened the door to a whole lot of other things that Dean did not want to think about and a part of him winced painfully at the utter bullshit he had just let out, the other part, however, the part that was thoroughly
“There was this guy,” Dean went on, “Ash. Frickin’ genius. He helped me track the thing down. I killed it.”
“No, you won’t,” she replied simply, already turning her back on him to walk back to her car, giving Sam no real option but to follow.
“Well, you’re obviously not going to say them,” Sam muttered under his breath but still loud enough for Dean to hear him.
About 20k words in I realised I was kind of over this story and the show in general, but I was also 20k words in and didn't want to add another WIP to the ever-growing, dust-collecting pile on my laptop, so here we go.
“Quiet Mr. and Mr. Winchester. I am Osiris and I will be your judge today. Shall we begin with the charges?” the man spoke and sat down in a pompous throne. Both Sam and Dean glared at the god but said nothing. “Mr. Dean Winchester, first defendant. I will now call the first witness to the stand. Sam Winchester.” Dean watched in horror as Sam’s chains sprung open and he walked on shaky legs towards the chair next to Osiris.
“Looking for the Demon. We find that, we got Sam. I already told Ash to keep his eyes and ears open for any signs.”
Sam and Dean returned the next morning, dressed as priests, while Cas checked out the victim and the neighbourhood.
Dean still remembered the small church with its colourful windows and the organ in the back; remembered the hours he and Sam had spent there and the care with which the pastor and Hunter had looked after them.
“Uhm – What?” Sam said intelligently, too stunned to come up with anything else. How could she possibly know him?
“Why don’t you three get out of the car?” the man continued and somewhere in Dean’s head his alarm bells went.
“So, first of all there was James Jayden, he drowned in the garden pond. That was a month ago. Then, two weeks ago, Ferhad Baitan, a car fell on him in his own garage. A few days later, Jack Serendel, tripped and fell down the stairs, broke his neck, and finally, yesterday, Greg McQueen, who fell through the roof of his house. All of those were in the same neighbourhood and…Ferhad Baitan? He used to be a Hunter.”
“Alright, Cas, you go in front, Adam and I take the back,” Dean instructed when they got to a large, semi-finished building. Cas nodded sharply and made his way to the door while Dean and his half-brother went around the house. But before they entered he lay a hand on the younger man’s shoulder, making him stop.
However, there was one thing, just one, that seemed actually and honest to god good in all this shit; Dean kept his promise of teaching Adam a few things and the more time he spent with the boy, the more he came to like him. The youngest Winchester was clever and tough and sometimes it felt like looking at a younger version of himself. Cas, too, had taken a liking to the boy and currently taught him some Latin. Dean watched the two from afar, smiling faintly. The motion felt strange and unfamiliar. There wasn’t much to smile about lately.
“But I don’t,” Adam almost whispered, “I used to have a life with my mum and then she died and I was looking for John but I couldn’t find him and the next thing I know is, I’m possessed by some Demon, kidnapping my own father, threatening to kill him and now he’s dead too, I just…I have no idea what to do.”
Kate began to shake her head but stopped, exchanging a look with her husband, before replying, “Well, there was that treehouse Will and Max built one summer. But it was destroyed years ago.”
“Not without you.” And that was Dean’s last word. He’d always chose Cas because there was no real choice and Ben was safe here. Safe with his family.
There was a sign up ahead proclaiming that he was in the middle of nowhere Wyoming, which was at least something. An angry red light on his dashboard informed him that it was time to stop for gas again.  Pulling up at the next road stop, Sam filled up his tank and got a protein bar that tasted like ashes on his tongue, and now that he’d stopped and his brain had finally caught up with last thousand miles, he was stuck. He couldn’t go back, but he couldn’t keep going either, not without knowing where he was going.
“I checked. When I found him. I splashed some Holy Water on him but he didn’t react, so I thought…” Cas trailed off and it was painful for Dean to see him like this.
“So, Dean, how’d you and Lisa meet anyway? She never mentioned you.” Matt sipped sat his beer, looking from his fiancé to Dean and back again.
“It’s not from the city, the man I spoke to said it had to come from somewhere more rural,” Cas explained.
“Don’t worry. It’s safe.” It could have been funny that the first thing on John’s mind was the blasted gun, except, it sort of really wasn’t.
“Stop.” It was nothing more than a broken whisper, forcing its way over John’s lips but suddenly his eyes weren’t yellow anymore, or maybe Dean was just imagining that. Maybe he was already dead. He heard Sam talking from an endless distance and John was answering and he heard a banging against the door but he couldn’t see anymore; everything was blurry and faint. Suddenly, there was a shot, tearing through the ringing in his ears and Dean dropped to his knees; he tried to breath, open his eyes, anything. Voices calling his name, hands touching him.
Family. It was as strange a concept as home, to Sam. “I lost my family,” he muttered, careful to not look at Jody, instead taking another long sip from his beer.
“Mr; Baker, I’m Agent Mortensen, this is Agent McKellen and our intern Adam Wood, we’re here on a case concerning two missing persons. Julian and Harry Jackson? They were last seen in your park,” Dean explained and once again, pulled out the photograph.
He asked himself. Only a few weeks ago, he had had Sam by his side and although dad had been missing, he at least he had been sure that he’d been alive somewhere. Now, Sam was gone and dad was dead.
“Lisa,” he finally managed to say, “I’m in a very happy, very committed relationship, you really don’t need to worry about that.”
Sam could only agree. A freshly turned Nest of Vampires wasn’t something he’d ever had to deal with, in fact, he’d never had to face off with a Vampire before.
“What are you saying? That he only needs one?” Cas asked, finally catching on, “But then why would he make so many?”
“Sometimes I wonder what I’m even doing, ya know? Hunting Monsters. It’s crazy, isn’t it? Hell, seeing Lisa again and meeting Ben…it got me thinking…what do I leave behind? Cause sooner or later I’ll bite the dust and what’s left of me then?”
“Holy shit, what happened here?” Adam asked, his eyes wide as he stared at the body. No one bothered to actually give an answer to that so they just turned away towards the house behind them. There was something about it that made Dean very uneasy, something that smelled like Sulphur, almost causing him to gag.
Lisa opened her mouth to reply something but in that moment, a tall man with glasses stepped behind her, laying an arm around her waist.
Dean was relieved when the boy nodded reluctantly and he quickly opened the door, only to have it fly out of his hand a second later; slamming shut.
The morning started good enough. Dean woke up late and they headed down to a diner to get some breakfast, but of course, it couldn’t stay that way.
, he thought bitterly, sitting down on the edge of the bed, playing with the idea of leaving, except where would he go? Back to the Roadhouse? Back to California? Back to the ruins of his life?
“I –” What was he supposed to say? His girlfriend had bailed, leaving him with only memories and a dying dream? His job brought so much misery to so many people, but mostly him, and he couldn’t stand it anymore? His house and life were built on lies? – All true, of course, but Dean wouldn’t understand. “Stuff happened,” Sam instead said, “I had to leave for a bit.” It was as close to the truth as he could get at the moment. He knew he wasn’t going back, knew he’d already lost his job, knew there was nothing and no one left for him to go back to. “You say you live here,” he prompted after a moment, “Does that mean you stopped Hunting?”
As a matter of fact, Sam wasn’t surprised. His memories of his childhood may have been somewhat fuzzy, but he did remember the few Hunters he’d met not exactly being the understanding type.
Dean sighed. “I know.” He did. Sam was his little brother and it was Dean’s job to take care of him, the problem was just that he didn’t know how to do that anymore.
“Had plenty o’ practice with you,” Dean joked, though it fell somewhat flat in Sam’s opinion, too close to the truth.
“Of course, sweetie, just give me a minute,” Mrs. Serendel said and turned back to Dean who frowned lightly. There was something on the back of her neck…”I’m sorry Mr. Gecko but if that’s all…”
And Sam thought of Dean and their father, thought of dingy motel rooms and empty stomachs and a childhood spend on the road, thought of the smell of gunpowder, the feeling of blood pooling over his hands, staining them, dyeing them a deep crimson red that could never quite be washed off, thought of the life he’d left behind, the life he’d sworn he’d never return to.
“Lisa Braeden,” he said finally. Cas frowned, not knowing what to do with that information. “She’s an ex, sort of. A one-night stand, really, or several-nights stand, whatever. She lives in Cicero, Indiana.”
It didn’t take long for them to find the cages in which the children were kept and they quickly started freeing them, when Dean heard a bang from upstairs.
“Oh, you’re alive,” a voice said from his left, and Sam winced, slowly turning his head to whoever was there.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, tapping his fingers against his elbow, “Fiona Hailey might be a good start though. She works at the hospital and her ex-husband turned up dead.”
“Well at least we know that this is not connected to the house but to the family,” Cas said after a long moment of uncomfortable silence.
“Uhm…” Adam blinked rapidly, not having expected the question, “Maybe, checking out the last places the victims were seen? Looking for any kind of connection?”
“You boys grew up handsome,” she remarked before her eyes shifted to Cas and narrowed, “You shouldn’t be here.”
Jody and her cop friend Donna were sat at the Network Station, chatting idly about some TV show and whistling at the sight of his, admittedly tight, running shorts as he passed by.
“I cannot tell you where your father is,” she answered and maybe Dean was imagining it but there was a hint of regret in her voice.
A single shot echoed through the room and the little girl sacked to the floor completely, a big hole gaping in her head. “What the actual
Whereas Sam was feeling a strange sense of energy, Dean merely gave him a tired look, as if he’d rather be anywhere but here, but agreed anyway.
Dean wasn’t even sure why but he stopped. Light exploded in his face and Dean squinted, trying to make out the familiar shape in front of him.
Right. Dean. Sam had done his best to not think about him or his strange behavior the day before, or anything.
“Dean, if he really is infected you have to,” Sam muttered. Dean stopped short and turned around, staring at his brother.
When Dean woke up, it was dark outside and he had no idea what time it was. Cas was lying next to him, his arm draped around Dean’s chest, face buried in Dean’s neck. The Hunter was a bit confused, not sure what it was that had woken him up, when he heard it again; the buzzing of a phone. Groaning lightly, Dean reached to retrieve the offensive object from the nightstand.
They had produced a whole arsenal of explosives, ready to blow up the entire city if they had to; Dean just hoped that it didn’t have to come to that.
“How do you even know that?” Dean asked, confused for a moment but Adam just shrugged. “When I was twelve I was obsessed with ghost stories,” he muttered, while Dean was back on his feet.
“Okay, so it is some sort of revenge thing, just not a Spirit?” Dean was confused and he really didn’t like being confused.
“We didn’t let him do anything, son. But you try stopping Sam when he’s got his mind on something. Cas almost got his nose broken while trying,” Bobby said.
“You tell me, kiddo. It was your idea to come here, after all,” Dean teased; he could practically feel Cas’ eyeroll behind his back. “Anyway, the eyewitness that saw Julian and Harry in the park works at a fast food joint around here and saw them around 1 p.m.” Dean skipped from one camera to another until he found said joint and began rewinding the video.
He wanted so badly to explain. To tell her what was really going on, to warn her that her son wasn’t her son anymore, that he was dangerous. But he didn’t. He let her go back inside, hoping that it wasn’t too late to fix things.
“Why do you do it then? If it’s so awful?” Adam asked and Dean actually had to take a moment to think about that. Why
Sam didn’t quite notice falling into a fitful slumber, stuck between being fully awake and fully asleep, but when he opened his eyes again, it was much brighter outside, the lights in the hut were off, and Dean was on the phone.
Dean watched as Lisa’s eyes grew wide, her mouth opening for…something, before she snapped it shut and apparently got herself back under control.
“You know that’s not gonna fix anything, right?” Dean asked with a nod at the whiskey, and something inside of Sam snapped.
Next to him, Dean tensed. “You’d be surprised,” he said, “Not everyone’s a fan of what we do here. We learned to be careful.”
“Dammit, Sam!” Dean cursed one night when they were all holed up in their motel room, “Just talk to me!”
“Aww, that is so sweet. Excuse me but I might throw up,” a sneering voice came from behind them. Dean didn’t even have to turn around to know who it belonged to but he did anyway. A man with grey hair stood a few feet away from them, confident and tall, with a malicious smirk on his face, His eyes were yellow.
“Honestly? I don’t know.” With a sigh, Lisa rubbed her hand over her face. “He puts on a brave face and tells me that he’s fine but…I’m not sure I believe him.”
“You’re right,” the boy said and before Dean could even process what was happening the gun swung around and the trigger was pulled, shooting a bullet right through Max’s head.
As it turned out, Hillary Johnton, 35 years old, hadn’t just been in a swimming club, she’d been the champion of said club with various medals and awards; no one could quite explain how she could drown in a small lake.
Dean let out a deep breath. “The Demon was possessing dad,” he told Sam, “I had a shot and I took it.”
His thoughts must have shown in his face because Gordon was retreating, carefully, considering every step he took before he did so, trying not to make any sudden movements. He reached the door and opened it slowly and just before he was about go outside, he stopped. “The Nest your looking for hides out underneath the Bay Beach Amusement Park.” Gordon didn’t turn around, his voice was low, but Dean still understood every word. “There’s an underground system connecting the park with the Bay Beach Wildlife Sanctuary, there are several entrances but you might want to use the one near the car park of the Animal Centre. Good look.”
– and that dad would probably have a heart attack if he could see them now. Somehow, that thought mostly just made him smile.
They stayed like that for a moment, arms wrapped around each other, breathing in the spring air and Dean knew that he would be okay. They would be okay.
“Come here, son,” the old man said when he saw Dean standing in the door, “Your angel of a boyfriend reminded me that I need to grind off my edges once in a while,” he chuckled lightly, “You know that you’re like a son to me, right? I love you to bits, boy. You, Cas, an’ your brother, ‘cause you’re family and I’ll be damned if I let anything happen to ya. I’m proud of you, Dean.”
“You mean why did I kill mommy and pretty, little Jess?” the Demon sneered, “You want to know why? Because they got in the way.”
“That’d be something new,” Dean muttered but stepped away anyway because it was way more likely to attract attention if he let Gordon stand outside. The other man came in, his hands slightly raised so Dean could see them; he was moving cautiously, well aware that Cas had a gun pointed at him and that he wouldn’t hesitate to pull the trigger when needed. Gordon’s eyes fell on Adam and for a second he seemed confused but he didn’t say anything, instead he turned back to Dean who fixed him with a glare.
Cas took Adam with him to see the houses of James Jayden and Ferhad Baitan, while Dean took the other two.
“Does it matter? Ben has a father and it’s not you,” she snapped and banged the pot onto the kitchen counter.
Dean wasn’t sure how long Cas and Bobby spoke since he tuned it out at some point, concentrating on the road ahead and the music coming from the radio.
He helped Ben with studying for his SATs and college applications and gently stirred him away from all things law after Ben had started grilling him about being lawyer.
Dean shook his head. “Too risky,” he countered, “Let’s go to the motel, suit up, then come back and stake it out first before we do anything stupid.”
“So, what? You think, Max could have done that? How?” Dean asked. Sure, the story was tragic and he felt sorry for the kid but he didn’t see how Max could have killed his father and uncle.
“A lot of people who wouldn’t have survived without you. You’re a good man, Dean Winchester. And I don’t say that because you ‘Hunt Monsters’, I don’t even say it because you’re my boyfriend. I say it, because you only do what you believe is right and that’s all that matters.” Cas hesitated for a second. “And if you wanted to quit. Get out of the Life…I’d be there with you.”
“He’d be furious,” he finally muttered. He could see the confusion in Sam’s and John’s eyes but he ignored it. Something was wrong.
“I woulda told you,” Dean announced apropos nothing once they’d driven out of the garage onto the mud trail leading away from the Bunker, “About Cas.”
“Who said anything about handing it over. Look, besides us and a couple of vampires, no one’s really seen the gun, no one knows what it looks like”
“What?” Jess exclaimed, shaking her head furiously, “No! It wasn’t him that killed me. He didn’t do anything wrong, he tried to protect me!”
“The blood,” the Demon whispered, “The pain. Seeing them suffer. It’s who you are, Sam,” he continued.
“And what would you say, if I told you that he knew what would happen? That he could have stopped it, but he didn’t.”
He didn’t know the address, only that it was in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. He’d been a teenager the last time he’d been to the old scrap yard, dad dumping him and Dean on Bobby’s doorstep for a full month before Dean had run off to find their father. Sam wondered if they were still Hunting together. Probably. He couldn’t see Dean leaving their father behind. After all, Dean had always been closer to their dad than Sam, always eager to follow their father’s orders, to be the good little soldier who shot first and never asked questions. Not like Sam. And their father had hated Sam for it.
“This is John,” he heard his father say, but his focus was on his brother who looked strangely guilty.
That night, Sam found a bottle of Jack and emptied the whole thing staring at a crack on his ceiling until he passed out, spending the following day huddled up under a pile of blankets nursing his hangover and ignoring the knocks on his door.
“Just…I got the same vibe from the Serendel’s kid,” he answered, then added with a smirk “And you gotta admit, children aren’t exactly your thing, Cas.”
There was research on Vampires and Werewolves, looking for cures by the looks of it, something on Wendigos, and an entire file tracking generation after generation of Rugaru, observed, studied, kidnapped, experimented upon, with one final note at the very end –
Nodding, Sam stepped closer and picked up one of the books spread out on the table, examining it. It wasn’t old, the writing small and neat and clearly legible, a Spell, from what Sam could see, and the real deal too. Weird. Dean hated Witches, and he hated Magic, so why would he have these?
“You’re still angry with him,” Cas observed. Dean had no clue how he always did that…how he always knew exactly what Dean was so pointedly not saying, reading between the lines like some freaking psychic. Not that he was…a psychic that is. Cas just knew Dean the way no one else did. And Dean? Dean knew Cas better than anyone – better than himself – so, he guessed, it went both ways.
When the fire had died down, they returned to the Roadhouse and Dean immediately poured himself another drink but when he was just about down it, he felt Cas’ hand on his wrist, holding him back. Dean looked up, meeting blue eyes staring at him relentlessly. Dean held his gaze; it was a constant game they played, exchanging words without ever speaking them and as usual, Cas won. After giving Cas his best bitchface, he pushed the glass away from him and went upstairs to the guest room.
Maybe it was Bobby’s words, or maybe the slight tremor in his voice at the memory of nearly loosing Dean, but Sam finally turned his head to look at the older man sitting at the desk.
“You wanna tell why you’re throwing yourself a pity-party over here?” Bobby’s gruff voice sounded from above.
They made quick work of the ropes, gently untying her blindfold and gag, and while Sam helped her drink some water, Dean took a closer look at the rest of the cabin, just in case there were any surprises waiting in the shadows.
“We sure the two teens didn’t just, y’know, run away?” he asked, marking the location of the hospital on the map.
“Sorry,” said Jody, sitting down across from Sam, “I’m not trying to pry, promise. The silence just got awkward.”
And Sam wasn’t sure why or how, but he found himself recounting the story of Stanford and how he’d ended up here for the third time, and even though this woman was essentially a total stranger, she listened and nodded and didn’t say anything until he was done.
Cas smiled. He, too, was crying but he smiled and Dean could feel a ton of weight being lifted from his shoulders when Cas pulled him in into a desperate kiss.
Cas tilted his head, a slight crease forming on his forehead. “I don’t think you are,” he said slowly, considering, and Sam got trapped by his intensely blue eyes, “However I believe you want to be, and I understand that this is difficult,” he continued, “Though I have never personally met John Winchester, Dean has told me everything there is to know about him, and I am familiar with men like him. It took Dean a very long time and hard work to break free from his influence, so I don’t expect you to accomplish the same in such a short amount of time, merely that you show Dean and this life he built for himself the respect they deserve.”
sounds like something a real gentleman would do,” Lisa muttered fondly and set down a plate on the table with sandwiches; the look she gave Dean, made it clear that the words were mostly directed at him.
Sam opened his mouth, only to realise that he had no idea what to say. There was nothing that could make any if this better, nothing that could change things.
Dean nodded, “Yeah,” he croaked out, “Fucking nerd. Just up and left when he was 18, leaving me an’ dad behind…
“With Adam,” Cas answered, laying a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder, “You should see this.” He led Dean towards the front door and – nothing…the streets were completely empty.
Dean stopped the car and they both got out; he had parked at the edge of a dark forest, a muddy trail leading into the shadows.
It took Adam weeks to get out of the hospital but when he finally did, he was as set on Hunting as ever. A true Winchester.
“Doesn’t matter.” Dean deflated a bit, dropping his shoulders, “Short version? ‘bout 12 years ago dad went missing. He’d gone on a Hunting trip, hadn’t been home in a few days. I went looking for him.”
, was a cabin in the middle of the woods, a little run-down, a little shattered, but mostly nondescript and Sam probably wouldn’t have spared it even a second thought, if this wasn’t exactly the kind of thing they’d been looking for.
Huffing out a breath, Dean gave a curt nod and waited until Sam moved, following him upstairs and into the garage.
“It’s really heart-warming to see you all like this, but we still have a problem here,” Cas suddenly said and when Dean turned around he saw the woman hanging onto him like a lifeline.
Sam took a moment to look at Bobby, really look at him and see the lines of time on his face, the grey in his hair, the stories written in his eyes of long and hard times, of blood and sweat and tears, but he also saw the unconditional love he’d craved so much as a child, the protectiveness, the father he’d never had.
They fell into a comfortable silence and Dean realized that talking about those weird dreams had, in fact, helped. He felt better now. Lighter.
The woman dropped her feet and stood up. “Jo Harvelle,” she answered, rounding the bar, “Me and Charlie run this place.” She had her back turned to him, filling a glass at the tap while scouring a drawer with her other hand before turning back around and setting the water down in front of Sam along with an aspirin. “For your hangover.”
They entered a room of sorts, although Dean saw it more as a huge underground hall. It was cool down here, but still dry and clean. Along the stony walls lay mattresses on the floor, with piles of blankets and pillows. On the other side of the room was a large table with empty bottles of beer and whisky.
“I know.” And he did. It wasn’t that he regretted anything, just that, for the first time, he was actually confronted with his love ‘em, leave ‘em attitude he used to have going. Lisa glared at him but Dean couldn’t wait any longer,. He had to know.
“When I was…when I was dead or…whatever…I was dreaming, I think. It was weird, like, really weird. I was there and Bobby but…it was different, like I was me but I wasn’t. We were in a barn or something and there were all kinds of symbols all over the walls and I knew that Bobby had drawn them and we were summoning something and it came and…I know that I was scared of whatever it was because it was really powerful. The kind of power you don’t mess with. I tried to kill it but it just wouldn’t die.” Dean shivered lightly, remembering the confusion, the dread but also the admiration of the beauty he had seen. There was a face, he thought he remembered, blurry and unclear. “Whatever it was…it saved me.”
“The one with the restraining order?” Dean asked, looking up from where he was marking down the Pint Tree bar
The sun was slowly setting and the fire burned bright against the dark of the forest. Dean was a bit drunk, not that he cared, who wanted to see their dad’s cremation while sober, anyway? It was strange; he had spent so many years loving John, only to hate him afterwards, and now he was gone and Dean felt like something had been stolen from him. Something he had never had in the first place. There were so many things he would have liked to say and now it was too late. From the corner of his eye, he saw Jo, wrapping her arm around Adam’s waist while the boy starred into the flames.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” They knew too little about Mary’s death to know what had really happened that night.
He wasn’t sure if that was a lie. Bobby was right, he had to get out of the house but he just didn’t want to. It was so much easier shutting himself in in here, getting drunk and trying not to think. Thinking was bad. It made him remember things, like his brother, like John, like Lisa and Ben, like every person that had ever died because of him. It made him remember all the reasons why Dean did not deserve a peaceful life.
. “Just not what I expected.” It was a weak argument, Sam was aware, and judging by the look Dean gave him, so was his brother. “I’m surprised, is all,” Sam tried to reason, “It’s not like you ever came out or anything.”
“Well enough,” the Vampire answered, “Lenore took ‘em in, told ‘em the rules. She’s gonna talk to the parents of the twins. They’ll probably have to move to avoid suspicion, but I bet they’ll be happy to have their kids back.”
“Jesus,” Dean muttered under his breath as he took in the burned remains of what once must have been a pretty building. Some curious onlookers were lingering before the barrier, and while the firefighters had already left, there was still a lonesome ambulance and in the ambulance was –
Again, Sam wanted to argue, but the thing was, he couldn’t. One of the few perks of being raised by John Winchester was that he’d learned very early on how to disappear without a trace, a skill he had used almost immediately after arriving at Stanford. He hadn’t wanted to be found, not by anyone, especially not by his family.
“Sam? Is that you?” a female voice called and seconds later, a young woman with long black hair stood in the corridor, looking at them suspiciously.
“You gonna stand there all day, ogling your boyfriend or you gonna help me with these?” Bobby’s rough voice ripped him out of his thoughts and Dean turned back to look at the older man. They were going through the newspapers yet again, looking for Demon activity.
“No? Well, I do,” Dean replied, “Why are you here, Sam? Why now? Last I checked you were in Stanford, living the dream.” There was a hint of bitterness underneath the words, though Sam could tell Dean was trying hard to keep it in check.
“Listen, d’you think I could come in?” he asked despite himself and Lisa gave him a wary look but stepped aside. “Thanks.”
“What exactly do you know about the night your mother died?” Cas asked almost timidly. They’d never actually talked about that, just that it had happened.
Sam bit his lip. He had more questions than answers at this point, and a voice in the back of his mind started reminding him that he was being somewhat reckless. After all, he hadn’t seen Bobby in 15 years, his house was abandoned, and just because the voice on the phone had sounded like him, who was to say that it had actually been him? But then, if Jody was not who she said she was and this was a trap, it was a poor one, and she’d had more than enough opportunities to hurt him and not taken them.
“We have to find her. Talk to her. Maybe she knows –” Dean’s words were interrupted by a knock on the door. Dean swivelled around and saw from the corner of his eye that Cas had straightened up on the bed, his hand on the gun next to him. Adam frowned but stayed still. Another knock. Dean pulled out his own gun and stepped closer to the door, giving Adam a sign to stay behind while Cas stood behind the door, his gun aimed at the wood. Dean opened the door carefully.
“Sam,” Eileen spoke up just before Sam could leave as well. He turned to look at her, watching her slowly sign, “You don’t have to go.”
“I killed someone,” the kid countered, challenging Sam to react, “Right when I was turned. He was my best friend’s older brother and I woke up with his blood all over me.”
“We gotta get out of here. Out of town. Contact Bobby and Ellen.” It was the only thing he could think of.
“Well, you’re both so sure, go ahead. Kill me,” John said. His voice was calm, certain and suddenly, Dean wavered. He watched as his father cast his eyes down, awaiting the shot and Dean was sure it was the Demon because John had never, not in 25 years, told him that he was proud but…what if he was wrong? What if this was John and Dean shot him and -
“You want us to leave you two alone?” Adam joked and Dean flipped him off, enjoying the food. They ate in silence, and slowly but surely, Dean became more relaxed, his head getting clearer but he knew it was only a matter of time before it would hit again. Maybe, Cas was right. Maybe he did need help. Or maybe he should just talk about it.
“I tried to find you, afterwards,” he went on to say, “I swear I did but –” Dean shook his head. “—You covered your tracks good, man.”
Cas looked over in alert at the sound of his name, questions clearly written on his face, but Dean was faster.
It was late when he got home. Sam killed the engine and picked up his bag from the passenger seat, frowning slightly when he saw that all the lights inside were turned off. Jane was usually always home at this point, waiting with dinner and a glass of wine. He turned the key and opened the door, hanging up his coat, loosening his tie as he made his way to the kitchen.
Fortunately, no one came to check on him, so Dean spent the next hours alone on the hood of his car, staring at the driveway of the Roadhouse.
They walked around to the trunk to get their weapons, Dean packing syringes into his pockets, along with a strange looking, narrow, silver-y blade, and an old-school revolver.
“You save Monsters?” Sam asked slowly, just to make sure he’d gotten that right and fighting hard to keep the incredulity out of his voice. He wasn’t sure he’d succeeded.
He kept going through the archives with Eileen, sorting through old files on old cases, entering everything they found into their database which was so much more than Sam could have ever even dreamed of, learning ASL in the process.
There was a light touch at his hand and Dean didn’t even have to look down to know that it was Cas, offering comfort, even though the other man couldn’t possibly know the thoughts that went through Dean’s head, he must have noticed how tense Dean was. Ignoring that nagging voice in the back of his head, that told him he was being ridiculous, he laced their fingers together and strode forward.
“You actually love him, don’t you? “ Lisa asked softly as if she was afraid of scaring him but there was nothing to be afraid of. The days in which Dean had had problems with his sexuality were long since gone.
“You could always blow your way out of here.” The three Hunters swiveled around and saw Adam, leaning against the doorway.
The crisp air outside burned in his lungs as Sam’s legs pounded against the hard ground. It was by far not the first morning jog he’d had, but he always made sure to stay on the path winding around the Bunker, lest he get lost in the woods while he allowed his mind to shut off and his body to take over.
Slowly, Sam stood up, ignoring Dean’s helping hand and Dean took the hint and backed off, letting his brother walked ahead. The three men made their way back through the forest to the car and Dean could see from the corner of his eye was Cas pulled out his phone.
“Me.” The Demon grinned even wider, stepping forward and Dean was immediately on his feet, ready to attack. He knew that he couldn’t actually hurt the Demon since he didn’t have the Colt on him but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try.
It was about an hour later, when they met up in their new motel. As soon as Dean had walked through the door, he could feel the tension in the room – Sam looked outright awful and John seemed angry. Fuming.
And Dean stepped back. He was still tense, still ready to rush forward again if Gordon tried something, but Cas was right. He was being an idiot.
“Dean Winchester.” She shook her, apparently lost for words. “You truly have changed,” she said eventually, “Ben should be home in about half an hour. Coffee?”
“Listen, your son has…certain abilities. He just has to learn how to control them,” Dean tried to explain. He felt like he was way out of his depth here, Sam was the one with the people skills. Always had been. And Cas…well, Cas was even more hopeless than he was.
Bobby’s eyes softened and he nodded like he understood, and maybe he did. “You’re brother’s fine. He’s a tough kid.”
“Yes.” Cas nodded. They’d had worse but seeing Cas get hurt was something Dean would never get used to.
They both watched Matt leave and when it was just Dean and Lisa, Dean felt incredibly awkward standing on Lisa’s doorstep.
Bobby gave a curt nod and the three men moved inside, sitting down in the kitchen where Bobby offered them coffee and pie. From upstairs, they could hear Sam, undoubtfully falling into the nearest bed.
The leather of the Impala’s passenger seat felt so painfully familiar, a memory embracing him like a warm blanket, the sound of Highway to Hell blaring from the speakers throwing him back into the past – he was barely 18, trying to find the words that would explain he was leaving for college, leaving for a better life, a normal life. He was 33, sitting next to a stranger with his brother’s face, wondering if this would be the last time he’d ever see it.
“Hey.” Sam watched as the sheriff pushed her way past Sam through the curtains leading to the kitchen. Five minutes later she returned with two steaming cups of coffee, holding one out for Sam to take. “Thanks.” Sam accepted the offered drink, hoping his stomach had settled enough to handle the caffeine, The aspirin seemed to have kicked in, at least, and his head no longer felt like it was going to explode. “You stayed here?”
Sam opened and closed his mouth a few times, trying to find the right words, before giving up and simply nodding his head in understanding. It must have been good enough for Cas, because he finally sat back down at the desk. Sam turned to the map table, Claire and Ben still giving him piercing glares, while Eileen smiled. It was a small, barely-there thing, but it meant the world to Sam, calming some of the raging anxiety inside of him as he took a seat across from her.
Cas kept staring at him for a solid minute before nodding but there was still a suspicious look in his eyes and Dean knew he didn’t believe him.
Unfortunately, Dean had realised a bit too late that Cicero, Indiana was a place with ghosts. Not literal ones, but ghosts from his past. Or rather a ghost. A ghost, Dean didn’t want Cas to meet. Ever.
“Cas. Cas look at me,” he demanded and his boyfriend slowly raised his head, meeting Dean’s eyes, “I’m right here. I’m alive and I’m
“Protecting us?” Dean repeated in disbelief, staggering backwards, “Sam, you opened the Gates of Hell!” he shouted, the relief he had first felt when seeing his brother was gone. Replaced by pure rage.
Sam hadn’t even noticed the older man come over, but there he was, grim as ever with the familiar hint of kindness buried deep in his eyes.
“Why don’t we take John inside,” Bobby suggested and Dean was painfully reminded that he had just lost his father. Still fuming, Dean walked back to John’s lifeless body and carried him inside with Cas’ help; they lay him down on the bed Dean had woken up in, not so long ago, and joined the others at the bar where Ellen was pouring out whisky.
Sam opened his mouth, except what was there to say? Cas probably had a point, loath as Sam was to admit that, and his plans of sneaking out without anyone noticing had been foiled anyway.
“Maybe. Maybe not. Or maybe it doesn’t matter because doing something for yourself and yourself only without considering the impact it has on others, does not automatically mean doing something bad or wrong. Being selfish is what keeps us alive.”
“Dean?” came Cas’ groggy voice from the bed but Dean ignored him in favour of throwing on some clothes.
Two people, a boy and a girl, both around Claire’s age, most likely, were sitting at the desks Dean had referred to as the Network Station, looking incredibly bored and vaguely tired.
Finally, Dean tore his gaze away from the brunet to meet Sam’s eyes. “Vampires, Sam,” he said, as if Sam hadn’t been there for past half hour bearing witness, “You and me. Just like old times.”
So in the end it was Cas sitting in the driver’s seat of the ’76 Chevy Impala and Dean slumped against the window next to him, trying to stave off the horror scenarios playing in his mind. What if Sam was hurt too? What if he did something stupid while waiting for Dean? What if –
Not caring for anything, Dean bolted out of the car and towards his little brother who was sitting there, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders, his eyes unfocused and blank.
Somewhere in the depths of the Bunker, a door fell closed with a loud bang, but Sam ignored it in favour of leafing through the Spell book, turning onto the first page.
“We missed him, dad. We saved the family but the Demon got away. We’ve only got three bullets left,” Dean explained, “I’m sorry.”
“Just a few routine tests.” But there was something about his tone that Dean didn’t like. He was too tense, his smile a little too wide, but when he opened his mouth to speak up, Sam stopped him.
. It felt real. And I should have known but I thought they were just nightmares and when I lay in bed that night and felt something dripping on my face, I knew what I was going to see. I knew it, Dean, and I didn’t stop it.” Sam looked devastated, broken.
“Cas is right,” Eileen spoke up and Sam quickly turned his head to look at her, “Dean does talk a lot about you. He said you’re a lawyer?”
Jody smiled, it was a tired little thing but genuine nonetheless, her eyes sparkling with something secret, like she knew something he didn’t. “Like I said,” she answered, “I found a family that looks out for each other. I stuck around because I wanted to, because we get to help a lot of people and safe a lot of lives.”
“Not much,” Dean answered, “I was only 4…only thing I remember is dad yelling at me to get Sam outta there. He started Hunting after that. Thought us everything he knew but never about that Demon…whenever he had a lead he’d take off without us and wouldn’t talk about it afterwards.”
Cas sighed, pushing himself up from the bed. “I’m going to talk to Matt again. Maybe he can tell us something else that can help us find Alex.”
Dean was still looking at Cas, though his focus was clearly on Sam now. “How’d you feel about taking this Vamp case with me?”
“It’s terrible,” Lisa muttered and shook her head, “Hayley is my friend, you know, and I didn’t know Ferhad very well but he was nice.”
“Dean.” Cas’ voice was soothing, calm but also decisive. “Let him go,” Cas whispered and Dean started crying.
“I’m sorry.” He didn’t dare ask for Ben because if he was right, it wasn’t Ben anymore. From the corner of his eye, he saw Cas and Adam coming around the corner of the house and Cas nodded. He’d found something. “Listen, you don’t have to stay here. Come back to the motel.”
“I think I can handle awkward,” Cas assured him and Dean let out a breath of relief. Distantly, he realised that Adam was chuckling and he shot him a glare that only caused the younger man to laugh harder.
“It’s not like we’ll find her in the Yellow Pages. Lenore’s smart. She knows how to keep a low profile.”
“I don’t like that tone of yours, boy,” John threatened, before taking a deep breath, “But I admit, this probably isn’t your fault. I’m sorry.”
.” Dean hit his hand against the wheel and accelerated towards Nebraska against his better judgement.
“You should go, Dean,” Sam said from where he and Ruby were standing behind him, one hand extended, hodling the keys to the Impala.
“Dean, please –” Sam’s voice broke and Dean finally looked at him, seeing the tears in his eyes and although he was fucking furious he also felt like a huge weight had just been lifted from his shoulders because they were together again. A family. They would face whatever was coming their way and they would do it brilliantly.
“Ah, fuck.” Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. “It’s too early for this shit,” he muttered, turning his back on Sam.
“Winchester, if you led your little Hunter friends here, I swear I’m going to forget myself and kill you personally,” she hissed, before grabbing his arms rather forcefully and dragging him down the tunnel.
“And say what? ‘Hey Max, we’ve been wondering, did you kill any of your relatives lately ‘cause they beat the shit out of you?’” Dean mocked, naturally, Sam did not look impressed.
The first house on the list belonged to the now widow of Jack Serendel, a forty-year-old tax accountant, living the American Dream. Dean gagged mentally as he walked up to the front door.
Dean hadn’t even noticed the others coming out of the room but now they all stood in front of the Impala and both Cas and Adam looked at him as if he was about to drop dead any second and that couldn’t be. He was supposed to be strong. He was supposed to protect them.
Fortunately for him, Cas still had a functioning brain and rushed towards the woman to support her while Dean and Sam stared at each other in disbelief.
When Dean finally stopped the car and realized where he was, he groaned in-and outwardly. It hadn’t been a conscious decision to come here of all places but he should have known that he would.
“He’s different,” he found himself saying now without quite knowing why. This woman was a complete stranger, after all. “Dean. He’s different.”
“Good.” Dean kneeled in front Emma and Sam quickly followed his example. “We’ll take you to the hospital,” the older Winchester said, “But first you need to listen to me, okay?”
The stool next to him scraped over the floor as Dean sat down next to him. “No, you’re not,” he said, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have – I’m sorry.”
“Lisa?” Dean groaned into the phone. It was the middle of the night and he was still half asleep. He heard a sob at the other end of the line. “Lisa are you okay?” he asked, suddenly wide awake.
Dean huffed, pulling his hand out of his pocket to rub the back of his neck. He was still holding his phone, Sam noticed. “Not much to understand.”
Cas was already in bed when he came out of the bathroom and Dean quickly joint him; at least that wasn’t a problem. Sam didn’t seem to find it weird at all that he and Cas were a thing and Dean was grateful for that. He smiled when Cas pulled Dean closer, muttering into his ear, “Are you alright?”
“What if he did?” Dean had almost forgotten that Adam was there as well. Still sitting on the bed, looking up at Dean with wide eyes. “What would you do?”
A whimper sounded from next to Dean and when he turned to look he saw the little girl crouching on the floor, hugging her knees and crying. He saw movement from the corner of his eye, Sam stepping forward, his gun aimed at the girl and -
Isn’t it strange how in a situation of shock, the human brain can simply refuse to take in information?
“Slow down,” Cas suddenly said and pointed up ahead the road. Two cars and about ten men with guns were blocking the way, all of them looking stern and kind of creepy.
“EMF is negative,” Sam explained after he had checked all the rooms, after leaving Missouri, he had curled up on the backseat of the Impala and not said a single word on their way to see Matt but now he seemed…normal. Focused. It worried Dean that he had no fucking clue what was going on his brother’s head.
“Good. We’ve still got three bullets left. Let it come.” The casualty with which Sam spoke really worried Dean. Didn’t Sam care that they were as good as dead if they stayed?
“You were right,” he repeated, blowing out smoke, “All this shit with dad and Sam…I don’t know what to do,” he admitted and maybe it should have felt strange but it didn’t. It felt good, finally voicing it. “I never got to say the stuff I wanted to say to dad, never got tell him to just go and fuck himself for all the times he screwed us over. I am so angry with him. But at the same time, I miss him and I just want him back. D’you know how I knew that he was possessed? Because he said he was proud of me and dad would have never said that, I mean, how messed up is that? A fucking Demon was nicer than my own father!” He was trembling now, barely holding it together but it was okay, Cas was there, Cas had his hand on his shoulder, squeezing lightly. Cas was keeping his head above the water so he wouldn’t drown. “But I could have dealt with that,” he continued, “It would have been okay. But then Sam goes and pulls that stunt on me and I just can’t…I can’t lose him, Cas. Not for good.”
Sam hummed non-committedly, his eyes still glued to the wall with the sign. There were pictures stuck underneath it.
“How about, you keep your opinions to yourself” Sam pronounced carefully, his tongue feeling much lazier than it usually would.
Jody smiled. “Not the kind you’re thinking of, probably,” she answered, “Bobby’s only ever been the town drunk and local troublemaker. I caught him doing something weird one too many times and he explained. Didn’t believe a word he said, of course, ‘til I stood face to face with a Demon possessing my husband, and even then – it took me a while, but I got there eventually. Been keeping an eye out ever since.”
“Stay,” he said, “I know it’s a lot and you’ve got some stuff to sort through, but –” He shrugged, flapping his hands against his sides. “I want you to stay, Sam. At least for a bit.”
“My mum was a nurse and he came into the ER pretty torn up and I knew his name was John Winchester. That’s about it. She still had his number though and when I was twelve I begged her to call him. He didn’t even know I existed, but once he’d heard he dropped everything and rushed to town; I mean I didn’t know him well, he came to visit once or twice a year, called a few times. He taught me poker and pool and showed me how to drive.” Adam shrugged. “He was everything I had left. Mum died last year. Car accident.”
“Sorry son, had to check,” Bobby muttered but still he seemed cautious, almost nervous. Again, Dean’s eyes were drawn to Cas who still hadn’t said a word.
There was no room for argument in Bobby’s voice or face and Sam was too tired to try anyway. It was easier to just do as he was told. The water was hot against his skin, clearing his head and washing away the sweat of the last few days, but still he avoided the mirror, not sure what he would see.
“Don’t move,” he ordered Adam after he had stopped the car. Cas was the first to get out, his gun already drawn.
Suddenly, Cas nudged him slightly, his head nodding towards a boy standing in front of the house. Apathetic. Motionless.
, he nearly said, except if this woman knew Bobby, knew where he was, knew a way to contact him, even, that name wouldn’t help anyone, “Winchester.” The word felt foreign in his mouth. It wasn’t his. Not anymore. Not for a long time. “Sam Winchester.”
“Listen to me, smartass,” Dean stepped forward, glaring at the man, “I don’t give a shit what you think, no one is dying without a good reason, you got that? We’re stuck here for now, so we’re all gonna stay calm.” And although the man was considerably taller than Dean, he seemed to shrink under Dean’s eyes, slowly backing away against the wall. “Good.” With a sharp nod, Dean turned away and saw that Phil had woken up. Fortunately, he had no injuries.
“We’ll see about that,” Dean muttered. It was a lot to take in but he didn’t have time to dwell on the mystery of his lack of death right now; not with Sam out there.
They both got up and Dean cut his brother lose so they could make a quick exit and kill the Shapeshifter that had taken them, on their way out.
Dean couldn’t get Osiris’ words out of his head. What had he meant, Sam had known what would happen? But every time, he asked Sam about it, his brother just shut off. Like he did with everything these days.
“Castiel,” Lenore said and waved towards the others to let go of Dean. It was obvious that they’d rather rip of his head than obey Lenore but she also seemed to be their leader which meant they had to do what she said.
“Anyway, I’ll be back for dinner. Love you.” Matt gave Lisa a quick kiss before rushing towards the car.
All he wanted was for his brother to come back but that wouldn’t happen, so what the hell. It didn’t matter. Not really.
“Dean –” Cas started but Dean shushed him, “Don’t. We can talk later, okay? I’m not angry – or actually I am. Furious, in fact, but…man I’m just glad you’re okay. Don’t you
– and Sam felt sick. Regular people who’d had the misfortune of being born with the wrong gene, hunted for something they could not control, killed brutally before they ever even hurt anyone. Sam thought of his dad, and wondered how many times he’d killed someone innocent just because of what they were, and he thought of Amy, the girl from the library, his first kiss – what would have happened had he left with her?
Sam didn’t stir, didn’t answer, didn’t even look, his eyes firmly fixed on the crack in the ceiling while Bobby let out a heavy sigh and the chair by the desk scraped over the floor before the older man sat down.
“It’s not. I’ve been searching for it for years. Finally tracked it down with a nest of Vampires a few weeks ago.”
Sam jumped slightly at the voice, looking over at Benny who’d appeared seemingly out of nowhere, hands stuffed into the pockets of his coat.
Max Manning’s parents seemed sweet if slightly overbearing, but then, their son had just gone missing and the police had written it off as a runaway case.
“Awesome,” Dean muttered, stepping closer, “Remind me to build something like this when we get back.”
“We call this the War Room,” Dean explained, waving a hand around, before pointing at the computers and screens, “Network station” Dean explained, “Y’know, taking calls, giving out info, whatever’s needed to get the job done, that kinda stuff.”
“Dean, what are you talking about?” Cas asked confused, he probably wondered if Dean had hit his head back in the motel.
“I think I do. But, Dean, Sam didn’t choose this and I think for him, this is worse than for you and no matter how strange this seems…Sam needs you.”
“Then talk,” Cas snapped. His eyes were cold, relentless, and Dean couldn’t blame Gordon when he took a step back. Cas was a scary man when he wanted to be.
Dean chocked on his own spit and almost turned around in his seat to really look at his brother. “Wow,” he said after he had somewhat caught himself. “Never thought I’d hear you say those words.”
“What brought you back?” Eileen asked. She’d stopped signing, probably noticing that the language was lost on Sam.
“Huh.” Dean refocused on the map, his fingers trailing one of the roads. “Could be something, could be nothin’, we’ll look into it. Anything else?”
January faded into February, the air got warmer and by the time April rolled by, the first tender buds had broken through the ground and Dean felt like his life had been put on hold. Dad was still dead. Sam was still gone. The earth kept turning.
“I’m sorry for the way I acted when we first met,” Sam said, cringing at the memory, but benny just waved him off.
. He was just about to call back when he saw the Impala rolling up the driveway. There was a crease of worry between Cas’ eyes when he walked towards Dean but only for a moment before he smiled.
“Dean?” Cas’ sleepy voice vibrated against his chest and with a start, Dean pushed him off and rushed to the bathroom. “Dean, what’s wrong?” He could hardly understand Cas over the retching sounds he was making right then but it didn’t matter. He couldn’t tell Cas what he had seen.
“I’m not coming with you,” Sam simply said, throwing the keys and Dean caught them out of reflex. Sam's fingers were entwined with Ruby’s who gave Dean a challenging look.
“Oh, I will.” The man smiled and cut the palm of his hand before pressing it against the woman’s wound.
Such a simple word, consisting of only two letters, but it had Dean’s entire world shattering into a million pieces.
It took Sam a few tries to get his voice back to working order. “That’s why he lives with you and not his mum,” he realized once his vocal cords cooperated again.
They walked inside, past families sitting on benches, eating ice cream and sandwiches. Adam still had that glimmer in his eyes, like a child on Christmas eve, while Cas looked nothing but professional. Dean wondered if he had been to amusement parks in his childhood. Probably, yes.
“It’s Sam,” he corrected almost automatically, regretting his words immediately when the smile vanished from Dean’s face into some hard and closed off.
“Dean!” Sam followed Dean out of the War Room back into the War Room, only distantly noting that not only was Cas still sitting at the desk, but Ben and Clair were also there, slouched over the map table. “Cas’ book?”
“He – he slipped in the shower. Banged his head open.” She wasn’t crying anymore, her voice hollow, distant.
“Yes,” Dean confirmed and then cursed himself for saying that. “Listen Cas, whatever you do, don’t go there. I know what you’re thinking, but don’t. It’s too dangerous.”
“Easy, man. He didn’t have a choice,” Dean replied and helped the old woman up to her feet. “You’re bleeding.”
Since Dean really had no better idea, he simply muttered a, “Whatever,” while he stood up to get himself a beer.
“Mrs. Serendel? Seth Gecko, I’m with the insurance company,” he introduced himself, and Hannah Serendel invited him inside. “I’m terribly sorry for your loss,” he offered.
“Well, technically –” Cas began but Dean cut him off, “Not helping, Cas!” he snapped but again, he knew Cas was right.
The door creaked slightly when he pushed it open and he stopped to listen. Voices coming from downstairs. Carefully, Dean went on, following the sounds and the closer he got to the bar, the stronger the scent of alcohol and cigarettes got.
“Sam’s my responsibility. I should have checked up on him more often. I should have made sure he was okay.”
“The state of this room says otherwise,” Bobby shot back with a pointed look at the mess on the floor, empty bottles and dirty laundry and a few dirty plates, “Now get off your ass and take a shower.”
“I know,” Dean whispered and maybe that was worse. That he knew. He spent his life saving people, Hunting the evil that was out there but he still couldn’t make a difference when it mattered. He still couldn’t protect his family.
“You spat in my eye,” a second voice, male and clearly displeased, said, “That’s not kicking my ass, that’s cheating!”
“Ben, this is Dean, he’s an old friend.” There was a trace of an eye roll on her face but otherwise she just seemed happy to have her son home. “Are you hungry?”
The second thing Sam noticed was that this had to be completely normal because no one was paying any attention to it.
Dean rolled his eyes but still said nothing. Sam could handle this and Max actually seemed to calm down a bit.
“Thanks,” Dean breathed out, nodding his head a few times before heading off out of the War Room and down the corridor to his room while Sam hesitated for just a moment, opening and closing his mouth a few times but not quite knowing what he could say.
“Let’s go home,” he muttered before pulling back and he saw the relief on Sam’s face before he turned around and went back towards their cars.
The sky was clear and the air almost warm but Dean still felt a shiver running down his spine when they arrived at the park. Rollercoasters, swing rides, a Ferris Wheel, the whole shebang. Adam smiled excitedly and it made sense, Dean supposed, Adam probably had a whole bunch of good memories of him and his mum, enjoying a nice summer day at something like this. Hell, maybe John had even taken him.
Of course, Cas noticed. He always did. It was both creepy and comforting how well they knew each other. Usually, Cas ignored Dean’s lies, his reluctance to talk, his deflections, but Dean knew that this time, he would have to talk sooner or later because when Cas had set his mind to something, he didn’t give up until he had achieved his goal.
They had just crossed the border between Texas and Oklahoma, when both Cas’ and Dean’s phones rang. While Dean was still fishing for his, Cas was already answering his call.
Dean nodded, he definitely understood why they shouldn’t stay, but – “What about Alex?” he asked, “That ring of salt won’t hold forever. I say, we find that son of a bitch and put an end to this. “
“So, the vics?” he asked, it was Adam that answered, “Bite marks, no drop of blood left in their system,” he sounded smug and his eyes practically screamed ‘I told you so’.
“Your husband’s alive?” Sam realized a second too late just how shocked he sounded, but Jody merely chuckled.
“I don’t think it’s blood,” Cas answered, “And I think I know what we’re dealing with and where to find the kids.”
Swallowing around the lump in his throat, Sam got up and quickly left the room before he could find any more memorabilia of Jody’s dead son. The sheriff herself was sitting at her kitchen table, a cup of coffee in front of her, a smile spreading on her face when she saw him.
“It doesn't look like we have a choice. If I don't go, a lot of people die, our friends die.” There was a hint of desperation in John’s voice and Dean didn’t like it. Apparently, neither did Sam, “Dad, the Demon is coming tonight. For Monica and her family. That gun is all we got, you can't just hand it over,” he argued and Dean nodded along in agreement.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas gave a curt nod, turning towards the computer, his fingers immediately click-clacking away on the keyboard to, presumably, pull up any information he could find on the town and Vampires in the area.
“I’ve been living in California for the past 15 years,” Sam offered. Jody nodded her head and didn’t ask any further. She’d been right, though – the silence was awkward. “Bobby says you’re a Hunter?”
Dean looked at him, his mouth working around words that never came, before giving up and shaking his head.
He’d always hoped so, of course, always thought that if Demons existed and Hell was a place, surely Heaven to be out there somewhere, surely in between all the Bad, something Good could happen.
Letting out an annoyed huff, Sam got up again and walked over to the closet, surprised to see a set of white shirt, sweatpants, and blankets neatly folded within, along with a packed toothbrush and toothpaste.
“Good.” Dean gave her a reassuring smile. “That’s good. Why don’t we get her out of here, and take it from there.”
“Sam.” Cas’ voice was deep and calm and Dean was secretly grateful for the intervention. “It was not your brother’s intent to keep secrets from you. Fact is, you haven’t seen each other in a long time and there are bound to be things that you don’t know about each other. Maybe it’s time we change that.”
“On it.” They waited a few minutes, the only sound in the room, the tapping of the keyboard. “Check this out: Nathan Black, 15 years old, died of alcohol poison, ten years ago. Winter worked at a gas station, didn’t he? What if he was the one to sell it to Nathan?”
Dean raised his eyebrows at the strained note in Sam’s voice, like he’d just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. “You okay?” he asked, stepping forward, and his eyes fell onto the book, his frown deepening, “What are you doing with Cas’ book?”
“-still haven’t heard anything of –” Dean stood in the door to the bar, enjoying the deep gravel of Cas’ voice when he spotted Dean. The glass Cas had been holding slid out of his hand and shattered on the floor and Cas was staring at Dean as if he was seeing a ghost; except, Cas wasn’t scared of ghost. All colour had been drained from the man’s face and his eyes were wide in shock.
“What is that supposed to mean?” the older Winchester snapped, ignoring the sigh Cas let out from next to him.
One look at clock on the wall told Sam that it was barely 6 in the morning, early enough for the others to still be asleep, for Dean to still be asleep.
going to leave you.” Dean cupped Cas’ face with his hands, ignoring the tears burning in his eyes. “I love you.”
Dean had to force himself to look at Cas but there was nothing there that would indicate that Cas was anything but calm. Amused even.
“Would mind telling us where that was, anyway?” Dean asked, listening intently when Will started explaining the route to the treehouse, even drawing a little map on a sheet of paper.
Swallowing around the lump in throat, Sam asked, “What are you doing here?” and Dean frowned, clearly taken aback.
Again, Bobby nodded. “Have some water, first,” he all but ordered, “And don’t think I didn’t notice you chugging those beers.”
Visiting Fiona Hailey’s house didn’t help either, seeing as she wasn’t there, and the woman at the hospital reception had little answers to their questions.
“And his mum?” he asked instead, already prepared for the worst. He did not expect Dean to wave his hand dismissively.
“Suicide,” the woman answered. Dean tried to catch Sam’s eyes, this was exactly how he had described his dream. “They only found him an hour or two ago,” the woman explained and Dean could feel something inside him drop. An hour or two. They could have been there. They could have helped him.
“I came home from work, and Jane was gone. She just left a letter saying she wasn’t coming back,” Sam finished, draining his beer. He’d lost track of how many he’d already had, only new that he’d kept ordering more and Benny had kept bringing them over without a word. “So, that’s me. I lost my girlfriend, my home, and my job, and I – I don’t know what to do, Bobby.”
“All good,” Dean replied, “She’s gonna be fine. Gave a number to call, in case she needs anything. How’d it go?” The question was directed at Benny.
“For dying, I guess.” Dean gave a crooked smile and when he saw Cas rolling his eyes he was a bit proud of himself.
Cas shrugged. “Hillary kills her sister by accident and becomes a swimming champion. Keiron Winter sells alcohol to a teenager, the teenager dies, Winter stops drinking. Piszczek rapes and kills a girl, goes to prison, where he learns to regret his actions. He even apologized to the parents.”
He pinched the bridge of his nose, his head was pounding and all he wanted at the moment was a cold beer and a bed.
“It’s never easy for a child to lose a parent,” Dean reminded them but his thoughts were somewhere else completely.
“Why are we doing this anyway?” he finally asked after Eileen had offered him a bottle of water and they were both taking a minute away from the smell of mildew.
Dean did feel considerably better when he got into the driver’s seat of the Impala and he could see the self-satisfied glint in Cas’ eyes and the twitch in the corners of his mouth and as much as Dean would have loved to wipe that smile of his face, he was mostly just grateful because Cas had seen right through Dean’s bullshit and let him hear what he had needed to hear.
“I’ll try calling him again,” Bobby said and went to the phone, “Hey Sam, it’s me again and I swear if you don’t call me back soon…there’s something you should know about Dean and I’ll be damned if I tell you this over the phone, so call me, ya –” the rest of Bobby’s words were drowned by the sound of the door bursting open.
“Let’s go outside,” Sam suggested, offering his arm. Emma was weak and clearly in shock, but she accepted his offer and followed him out of the cabin, squinting at the sudden brightness of the world. The Vampires were nowhere to be seen. “Here, let’s sit down.” Sam gently steered Emma towards a pile of logs lying by the wall and the woman all but collapsed onto them. “Are you hurt?” he asked, letting his eyes sweep over her, but not finding anything visible.
For a moment, everyone stood frozen in their place, staring at the door, when suddenly the woman that had been praying rushed forward, “Oh my god, that’s Chris. That’s my brother,” she cried and opened the door. A young man, almost a kid, came in and fell into her arms. Dean noticed the way Sam tensed up when he saw him and he glanced at his brother.
“A few times,” he answered before stepping forward, “Come on guys, we’re in a clinic. There’s all kinds of chemicals here to build a bomb.”
Adam shrugged, “Okay, I guess. I don’t understand most of the things that’re going on but that’s okay, Jo’s explained it to me bit.”
“And what do they say?” he asked nevertheless because it was better if Gordon thought he was completely clueless.
“Don’t get smart with me boy.” Dean pointed a finger at his half-brother and winced at his own tone. Just when had he started to sound like dad? Luckily, Adam just laughed and stepped forward.
“Hey, I wasn’t finished with that,” he complained when Cas took his beer and the cigarette from him, but it was only half-heartedly and Cas just winked. He dropped the cig and emptied the beer before going inside and Dean followed, shaking his head.
“Sammy, shut up.” Dean strode forward, now standing right in front of his brother. “Come here.” He pulled him into a tight hug and for a second, Sam tensed up before relaxing into the touch and closing his ridiculously long arms around the smaller man.
“You are?” she sounded surprised. Almost shocked. “Wow. I’d never have taken you for the relationship guy,” she teased and sat down with Dean.
“Dean! Dean, no!” Sam’s voice was a million miles away, the only thing that was real was the blood spilling out of his mouth and the numbness spreading in his head. It was the Demon’s power that held him upright against the wall, its will that kept him barely alive and he wanted to scream and beg and shout, he wanted to tell his father that he was sorry but no sound came out of his mouth.
Dean brought over four plates at once, carefully setting them down on the table, while Cas got the others. “That’s my brother, Sam. Sam, meet the kids, Claire and Ben.”
Sam frowned, looking between his brother and the older man. None of this was making sense. “Different how?”
“Well, this is cosy,” he joked but the only response he got was a deadly glare from Lenore and a few rolled eyes.
“I have nowhere else to go.” It wasn’t what Sam had meant to say, true as it was. He had nowhere else to go. No home. No family. Not like Dean, apparently, and wasn’t that a kick to the teeth. Not once, while growing up on the road going from motel to motel, had Sam thought his brother would be the one to end up settled down and happy. Dean had been the one to always mock him for the things he wanted, parroting their dad any chance he got, and some part of Sam expected that mocking to return now, prepared for that inevitable ‘
“Charlie mentioned a Werewolf Hunt.” The memory was hazy, overshadowed by everything else that had happened and doused in the heavy fog of alcohol, but definitely there.
“But not everyone.” Sam thought of the pictures and how many people would only ever be seen smiling again because they were immortalized on a piece of paper, thought of his mum and his dad and everyone he’d lost, everyone who’d left.
The Dean Sam knew would have never left like that. The Dean Sam knew would have never said those things. The Dean Sam knew would have taken the bottle for himself and told him to man up.
They all hurried out of the room and into the car, rushing through the streets towards Roger’s apartment. Sam still seemed a little out of it even though he did a good job at hiding it but Dean could see it. The weariness in his eyes, the pale of his skin.
“No. Fudgin’. Way!” Ben was nearly choking on his sandwich now and Lisa shot him a disapproving look.
A paramedic walked up to Dean, kept him from reaching Sam, “Are you Dean Winchester?” she asked and Dean nodded, trying once again to get past her but the gentle hand on his arm stopped him, “He’s in shock,” she explained, “Refuses to go to the hospital.”
The first thing they saw when arriving in Cold Oak was a blonde woman dangling from the water tower.
“Fiona Hailey?” Dean asked, a charming smile on his face, though Sam could also see the slight strain underneath.
“Because, Dean, Sam is family, and you’re not the only one who is worried. He’s your brother, yes, but he is also my friend, and as good as Bobby’s son. Because whatever we’re walking into here, it won’t be good. If this is connected to the Demon, and I know that you think so, then this is, in fact, very bad and we could need all the help we can get.”
“Phew, I’m not scared.” Except he was. He had put so much effort into hiding his relationship with Cas that it terrified him to think, John might find out.
“Are you certain you’re up for this? I can do it on my own. Or we could call up other Hunters. I’m sure Garth would love the exercise.” The gentleness in Cas’ voice was too much for Dean to deal with right now but he smiled anyway, shaking his head.
Sam jumped and slammed the book shut at the sound of Dean’s voice. His brother was standing a few feet away, holding a coffee and very much looking like he’d only just stumbled out of bed.
“I find you, Sam Winchester, guilty in your heart and –” Osiris’ mouth fell open, blue light was pouring from his eyes and Dean could feel the chains around his body, vanishing.
“What?” Dean barked at whoever was calling before deflating and rubbing a hand over his face, “Yeah. Yeah, no, that sounds like Vamps. I’ll have someone look into it. Thanks, Jesse.”
“Gordon might have been right. Two Hunters were killed in the last six months, Steve Wendell and Johnny Campbell. Sam was seen at the crime scene both time, together with a dark haired woman.”
He was just done with his whiskey, thinking of getting a second one, when the door to the Roadhouse opened, and Bobby walked in, grey beard, baseball cap and all.
They ended up somewhere in the depths of the maze in a room filled with a collection of mismatched furniture. Two old patchwork recliners in front of a TV screen, a foosball table, a jukebox in the corner, and shelves filled with records and DVDs and a picture of Dean and Cas and the two kids.
With a groan, Dean forced himself onto his feet again and saw Ben, pressed against the wall, shivering with fear. Cas was lying passed out next to Adam.
Sam only nodded in quiet acceptance and they spent the rest of the drive mostly in silence, stopping once for gas and a snack, and Dean even allowed him to take the wheel for the last stretch of road until they’d arrived at the motel, something Sam most definitely hadn’t missed, and Dean immediately called Cas so they could go over the case and figure out where the Nest was hiding out and what they could expect when they went in.
A sound behind his back started him out of his thoughts, heavy footsteps approaching from where Jo had disappeared to and when Sam turned around, he saw Jody, her hair a mess and her shirt inside out.
It was weird. Sam would have expected to feel relieved at those words, except he didn’t. Not really. Happy, yes, but not relieved.
It took them a few hours to get to the small town Sam was apparently living in now. Dean had tried calling their dad a few times but only gotten his voicemail.
The door closed shut and Dean was left alone with Sam. Sam who had just lost his wife and unborn child. Sam who probably blamed himself for Jess’ death. Sam -
Pretty soon after that, Cas and Dean had been in Pennsylvania on a case; a case that Jo had found but Ellen hadn’t wanted her to go on. Jo, stubborn as she always was, had followed them of course, gotten kidnapped by the ghost and nearly died. Ellen had blamed Dean. Hell, Dean had blamed Dean. And now she was possessed by a Demon. Good times.
Still feeling unsteady, Sam shuffled around the bar, using the countertop as support until he was close enough to really take in the pictures. One of them showed a young Jo, blond hair up in pigtails and a gap in her smile, flanked by two people who Sam assumed were her parents. They looked happy and the sight made Sam sad. Next to it was a photo of Jo in her teenage years, a little gangly and a little awkward, wearing a blue dress and glaring at the camera while the woman from the first picture – most probably her mum – seemed to be laughing at her daughter’s grumpiness. The other photos looked much more recent. There, Jo and Charlie, standing arm and arm in front of the current roadhouse, smiling proudly. Here, a group picture of Jo and her mum with Bobby, Dean, and a man with dark hair and a trenchcoat. More photos of people Sam didn’t know, some looking old and faded out, some fresh and vibrant. Sam wondered how many of these people were still alive.
Dean winced slightly, he saw blood dripping from the man’s head and his body going slack before dropping to the ground. A few feet ahead, gun still drawn, stood Sam, his eyes wide and moth slightly open.
“Be careful,” the brunet told Dean right before he got into the car, “And call me when you find your dad.”
Sam blinked once more, staring at Eileen who smiled back at him with just enough of an edge to make Sam think that there was some kind of plan being out in motion here.
By the time he got back to the Roadhouse it was already early afternoon and Sam realized he hadn’t eaten a single thing all day; he should probably change that. Just like the previous day, there weren’t many people around the bar – Sam thought he recognized a face or two, and Bobby was sitting with Jody in a corner. Charlie was nowhere to be seen, neither was Jo, instead a burly man with an impressive 5 o’clock shadow stood behind the bar, towel slung over his shoulder, whistling to himself as he poured a drink. As soon as Sam entered the bar, the man looked up, something Sam couldn’t read flashing across his face before he pulled it into a lazy smile.
Kate opened her mouth as if to say something when suddenly three men appeared at her side, after throwing a quick glance at Dean, they turned towards Lenore.
“You have to understand –” Sam pleaded, struggling with the words, “I didn’t know, okay? I thought you were dead – you
“It was stupid of you to come here,” a haughty sounding voice echoed through the tunnels and Dean immediately froze, trying to determine here the voice had come from, “Winchester.”
“You okay?” Cas asked casually and Dean hummed in agreement; he was fine, although tired. They hadn’t exactly slept much during the past few days because of that fricking Poltergeist in Denver. Finally, Cas closed the book and leaned his head against Dean’s. It was only a small gesture but all the same strangely intimate and Dean found himself smiling stupidly.
“What,” Dean said, “Are they mine?” Sam’s head snapped around to his brother and all he could do was nod. “Yeah. Kinda. Not really.” Dean shook his head as if to clear his thoughts. “Ben might be. We’re not sure.”
At the hospital, Cas let them get out of the car before he himself went “looking for a place to crash”; Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about the distance Cas was obviously creating but that was something he was going to deal with at a later point.
“It means,” Sam began, “That I think you don’t want to find him. Not really. You’ve got Cas, and if dad’s back he won’t be happy about that and you know it. I think you’re scared.”
Jody drained her coffee and waved Sam through to the kitchen where she filled the cup back up. “There are ways,” she answered, “You heard of Samuel Colt?”
“Hurry up,” he hissed and smashed a window so the kids could crawl out. It made him proud to see Ben helping the others, supporting them while they climbed out the window, telling them that it would be alright. But also made him sad. No eleven-year-old should have to be so responsible.
“If you gotta throw up, toilets are through there.” She pointed at a door in the back. “If you wanna catch some more shut-eye, we got beds.”
Sam thought of the people in his office, of George who always ate the last donut, of Fiona who always complained about her in-laws, of Will who never got the promotion she so desperately wanted, and he felt nothing.
“But you did,” Sam said, thankful that the conversation was moving on from John Winchester, “You stuck around. Why?”
“Hey, I ain’t blamin’ you, boy,” Bobby cut him off before Sam could even come up an excuse, “You had to get away from your dad and I’m glad you did. But you can’t just waltz back in here and expect everything to be the same.” He gave Sam a meaningful look as if he knew exactly what kind of thoughts he’d been having.
“I didn’t leave because of you.” It needed saying, he thought. “When I left for college, it wasn’t because of you.”
They were at the hospital. Cas had been lucky; years and years of training had payed off and he got away with a mild concussion and several bruises. Adam was a whole other story. After the Changeling had finally died, Dean had first checked on the kids and then gone back inside where Cas had slowly regained consciousness. He had nearly freaked out when he had seen the blood on the back of Adam’s head. He’d been hit pretty badly and was still out, in addition to that he had a broken rib and a sprained wrist. But he would be alright.
Sam stood there, his face a stony mask, his eyes hard, unyielding, as he slowly nodded his head, “Okay.”
The town itself was…idyllic. Literal white picket fences in front of picturesque houses with front gardens and judgemental neighbours.
Emma hadn’t said a single word throughout all of it, merely stared at Dean with increasingly blank eyes, clearly overwhelmed by all the information.
They sat in the Impala and Dean felt like a big weight had been lifted from his shoulders when he saw Cas smile at him.
“Hang on,” Sam suddenly said, staring at his laptop, “I just looked up drownings in the area and in 1983 Rachel Johnton drowned in the same lake Hillary did. Rachel was Hillary’s younger sister and it says here that they were playing by the lake. It was an accident.”
“Not here, Dean. Meet me at the motel.” And with those words, John slammed the door of his car shut and drove off.
Sam and Dean exchanged a contemplative look and a shrug, before Dean replied, “Wouldn’t hurt, I guess.”
Once they had arrived in Cicero and checked into the motel, Dean went over the info Bobby had given them on the case.
“Oh well, that’s easy, let’s just check out the thousands of miles around this town,” Dean said sarcastically, standing up to get himself a beer. “Anyway, Alex got a few days at best, so we better find him quick.”
“Not tonight, okay?” There was something in Dean’s eyes, almost pleading, that made Sam nod his head.
“Think about it, Dean. As Hunters, we carry more guilt with us than any other person, making us the perfect target.”
It was a quiet journey. There was not much to say except for the things they already knew, so Dean was content with just being there with Cas, one hand comfortably laid on the other man’s thigh, his thumb rubbing circles over the fabric of the trousers.
“You are troubled,” Cas said in a low voice. Dean didn’t answer at first; he wasn’t sure what to say. Denying it would be pointless, Cas always knew when he lied, but admitting what was bothering him didn’t seem like a great idea either. “It’s okay to be scared, Dean. What is happening to Sam is inexplicable and it’s only natural that you’re worried about him.”
He stopped his steps in front of the map they had pinned to the wall. Marks were spread all over it, showing the places where the bodies had been found, the amusement park and a few marks for dead cattle.
“Something’s going on here, Dean. Something bad. People are going crazy, Phil, the doctor, said it’s some kind of virus. He found traces of sulfur in the blood samples,” Sam explained.
He could feel Cas’ eyes on him like a weight but he ignored it. The last thing he wanted to talk about now, was his failure with Sam. He dimly realized that Adam had started talking and seriously, did the kid ever shut up? But he didn’t listen. He –
Dean made sure to give his most innocent smile and think of an explanation that didn’t involve killing the boy because of his psychic powers.
He told himself but it was already too late. John raised his head, eyes fixed on Dean. Yellow eyes. Suddenly, he was pushed against the wall and the weapon flew out of his hand and John –
“Anyway. I went looking for dad, following his breadcrumbs, which was pointless, of course. Realised it’d make more sense to track what dad was after instead, if I wanted to find him.”
Feeling strangely numb, Sam looked up and, for the first time since coming home, noticed the empty shelves. Half the kitchenware was gone. Putting down the letter, Sam stood up and went over into the living room. The bookshelves looked suspiciously empty, the CSI DVD collection box was missing, as was the blanket that always used to lie on the couch. The painting next to the door, the seashells on the windowsill, the little cactus – all gone.
“Six months old,” John confirmed and finally he turned around to look at his sons. Sam had sat down at the table while Dean leaned against the bookshelf.
Dean put away his phone and closed his eyes, trying to think of something, anything, that might help them find Sam. There was nothing. Dean had thought that he knew his brother; knew him like his own mind and maybe that had been true, once, but too much had happened since then and as far as Dean knew, Sam was a stranger and
“I’m not stupid, Dean,” he said, “Neither am I blind. And it’s not like I care either way but what I do care about is that you treat me like I’m an idiot! You’re worried about me, I get that, but I’m not a kid anymore, And I’m fine.” And then it was Sam storming out of the room and Dean was left alone.
After Sam and Dean had returned to the motel, Dean tried calling Cas again but he didn’t answer the phone; instead Dean got himself and Sam a beer and sat down on the bed opposite to his brother.
She gave him a sympathetic smile. “I know it’s a lot,” she said, “You shoulda seen me after Bobby gave the Supernatural 101 lecture.” She was clearly aiming to lighten the mood and Sam managed a weak twitch of his lips but didn’t say anything, instead allowing a more or less comfortable silence to settle over them. Jody was right, it was a lot. Sam’s headache rose and fell like the tides of the ocean and he wished he had a drink. Maybe this would be easier if he was drunk again, if he didn’t have to think.
Charlie whisked around behind the bar, pouring Sam a whisky and Jody a glass of water, chatting about someone named Jo who was with someone else named Garth – “Possible Werewolf in Iowa,” she explained, the words more directed at Jody than Sam – before asking about Jody’s husband Sean and Jody’s job and Jody’s friend Donna, while Sam sat awkwardly next to them, listening to their conversation but not having anything to contribute.
was why he preferred Hunting with Cas, because with him he didn’t have to justify everything he did. He didn’t have to be scared to make mistakes because Cas understood. Cas would have been happy to see him. John didn’t react to Dean’s words so Dean did the next best thing he could think off and took a deep breath to calm himself down before gripping John’s arm and yanking him around. “Why
Jody nodded. “Often do,” she answered, sipping her coffee, “Usually not here though, but I figured you might appreciate a friendly face in the morning.
In the photo, both Ben and Claire looked younger than they currently were. Proper teenagers. Ben looked like he was still dealing with his acne, his limbs too long for his body, his hair floppy and unkempt, while Claire was sporting braces and drowning in a leather jacket that must have been stolen from Dean. They looked happy, though, all four grinning at the camera, arms thrown over each other’s shoulders.
Sam’s eyes snapped over to Dean at the sound those last words, but Dean was still pointedly not looking back at him, still staring at something in the middle distance, or perhaps reliving the memories of this past they did not share.
Dean sat down next to Cas and propped his chin up on the man’s shoulder to get a better look at the book.
“Well, yes but –” Jess attempted to say but was interrupted by the god, “- and isn’t that the reason why you died? The secrets that he kept?”
“Four Vamps by the looks of it,” Dean finally concluded, “And they’re not looking like they’re about to leave any time soon. We’ll wait until morning ‘til we say hello, have the sun on our side, just in case, I’ll call Cas for reinforcement.” Sam nodded in agreement, though he wasn’t quite sure what he was agreeing to. “Get some sleep,” Dean added, “I’ll keep watch.”
“Shut your cakehole, short stuff. I brought coffee.” The effect of those words was astonishing. Within seconds, Adam was out of bed snatching one of the cups from his hands, while Cas, slowly but surely, made his way to the table.
“I know.” And he did. He knew, but this wasn’t something you just brought up over dinner; actually, this wasn’t something you brought up ever. It was sick and twisted and wrong. Dean remembered every detail of the dream, remembered the feeling of power, the control he had had. He could still smell the blood, still hear the screams. He remembered the voice.
“You’re vain,” Dean grumbled under his breath, though Sam could see him fighting hard to bite back a smile.
Cas nodded and they fell silent once again. Aimlessly driving from city to city, Cas finally stopped at a motel somewhere in Colorado but he didn’t get out of the car.
“Good morning, Dean,” Adam greeted him back and Dean noticed how he sat up a little bit straighter, his shoulders tense.
“They’re real,” Jody confirmed, looking up at Sam and no doubt seeing the awed expression on his face, “Sam,” she began tentatively, “Angel’s aren’t – good. Not by our sense of the word.”
“Great,” Dean groaned and picked the last child up to send it outside. Now it was just them and Ben.
“Bobby, do you have any idea what is happening?” Cas’ voice brought Dean back to reality and he saw a dark shadow fall on the older man’s face.
“We’ll figure it out. Tomorrow. Get some rest, all of ya,” Bobby ordered and Dean wasn’t complaining. He felt exhausted, like hadn’t slept in days; which was sort of true. Sleeping in the car wasn’t exactly recreative.
That night, when everyone assembled in the Bunker for the weekly get-together, it was Sam standing by Benny’s side as the Vampire drank a blood bag like a Capri-Sun, Sam joking with Charlie, Sam helping the kids in the kitchen. And when they all piled in front of the TV, Dean and Jo arguing about which movie they were going to watch first, and Eileen sat down next to him with a smile that made him blush, and when Jo won the argument and the first scenes of Legally Blonde started playing, and when Dean sat down on his other side, grumbling and mumbling and cuddling up to Cas, Sam realized that this was his family and he really was home.
“You’re right,” his brother conceded, “And you know where that got me? A hospital. Now I’ve been sober for 5 years. I’m not that person anymore.”
“Great, let’s go,” Dean said turning towards the two boys, “You two, whatever happens, stay inside the circle. Matt, get something made of iron and hit anything that moves.”
“Sure do,” Dean answered, “We got people staying with us almost constantly, there’s, like, 50 bedrooms in this place. It’s insane.”
“No, none. I mean the nightmares were bad enough and now I’m seeing things while I’m awake... “ there was fear in Sam’s voice. Dean couldn’t blame him. He would never actually admit it, but he was scared as well.
“We all get together once a week,” Dean elaborated, “People drop in and out, Mark and Dina run counselling sessions for whoever wants it, there’s plenty o’ food, and usually a movie night.”
If Jody noticed Sam’s sour mood, she didn’t let it on, instead simply served the food and allowed a much more comfortable silence to settle over them as they ate.
“We just wanna talk to you,” Sam answered quickly. Dean’s eyes were fixed on Cas who was still lying on the floor and he decided that it was probably best to let Sam do the talking since he seemed to have a better connection to the kid than he had.
“Cas.” Dean let out a breath of relief, momentarily forgetting about everything else as he rushed towards the other man, checking for injuries, “Where the hell where you?”
“Alright.” He relaxed a bit but maybe that was because of the whisky, or the fact that Cas was drawing smoothing patterns on his back with his hand. “Alright.”
“Right, no Sulfur either.” Dean looked around, Matt had been right, everything looked clean, there were no signs of a struggle, no signs of anything, really.
“Sorry,” Dean muttered and he could hear a low ’Idjit’, coming from Bobby but that was it. They found nothing. Like always.
“I'm gonna kill you, you know that?” John hissed, followed by a long pause. Too long. “Okay,” he finally said and Dean wondered what it was that he had agreed to. Whatever it was, he bet Baby that it wasn’t anything good. “I said okay, I'll bring you the Colt.”
The body – the meatsuit – dropped to the ground with a soft thud, all trades of smoke gone, and Sam was standing next to Sam, panting, his eyes fixed on the motionless body before slowly looking at Dean.
“I panicked,” Dean admitted, “She said she wanted to leave and all I could see was you, and suddenly I turned into dad, and if I don’t fix this, then –” he trailed off, but Sam knew how that story would end. He’d lived it.
The archives, as it turned out, stretched deep underneath the Bunker, rows upon rows of shelves with files and boxed all containing variously detailed information on the world of the supernatural.
“I know,” Dean replied. Sam dared a side-glance at him, but his brother’s eyes were fixed on the road ahead. “I was angry at first, don’t get me wrong,” Dean went on, “I – Sam, I was jealous, okay?”
“Wh – What do you mean, you’re not coming with us? Of course you are,” Dean insisted, shaking his head vigorously.
Kate grabbed him from behind, her hand pressed on his mouth while two of the men held his arms. They were strong, much stronger than him but it was too late anyway because of course, Cas had heard him and seconds later a bright light entered the room and he could see Cas and Adam standing there, eyes wide, both of them holding guns.
“Look at me, Dean.” It was so commanding that Dean couldn’t help but obey, he raised his head and met Cas’ gaze. “There is nothing you could have done to prevent this.”
There was a creak coming from somewhere inside the house. Dean immediately pulled out his gun and stepped next to Cas, Adam behind them.
What was also weird was coming back to their home town after 25 years. Everything seemed to be the same, yet everything had changed. Dean made sure to give their old house a wide berth but there were still memories haunting him and Dean could feel the walls he had built up with such care, crumbling. He didn’t have to look at Cas to know that he was watching Dean with great concern and somehow it made him a bit uneasy because Sam was there too and they still hadn’t talked about that, or about much of anything really, and there was still so much left unsaid.
They had just driven off the parking lot of the motel when Cas called Bobby, “Bobby, it’s me,” he said, “I know sorry. It’s important. Dean had a…vision – I would have explained that if you had let me speak – it’s about Sam. We believe that he is in Cold Oak, South Dakota, we’re headed there right now.”
“What do you mean?” Dean asked in response. He really had no clue why they were all behaving so strangely, except…how long had he been out?
“Ben and Claire were just finishing up in the gym as far as I know,” the man from the photo said to Dean, his voice much deeper than Sam expected.
“Don’t mention it,” she waved him off, “I talked to Bobby earlier, he says you should come by and see him.”
“Let’s do this,” he said, leading the little group to the cabin and knocking on the door. Once. Twice. Three times. A low groan sounded from inside, hesitant footsteps, slowly coming closer. Sam adjusted his grip on the machete, turning his body to hide it from side, just as the door opened and the pale face of a dark-haired woman peeked through the gap.
“Well I didn’t.” Cas looked so much like a sulking child now hat Dean had to bite the inside of his cheeks to keep himself from laughing. As badass as his boyfriend was, he was fucking adorable when he was like this.
Life in the Bunker was strange. There was no real rhyme or reason to any of it, no rhythm, no routine. People came and went, sometimes they stayed for a night or a day or a week, sometimes they didn’t stay at all, dropping in for a quick word and leaving immediately afterward. And as disorienting as it was, Sam was starting to appreciate it.
It was still hard for Dean to think about that. To think of his father as someone who got his own friend killed because of a mistake. John Winchester didn’t make mistakes.
“That was rude, Sammy,” the Demon said, “And here I was thinking we became such good friends…I mean…we’re practically family. And I know how you feel about family. So loyal, even now. But I know you’re stronger than that, Sam. You’re stronger than your brother. You don’t need him, you never did.”
“What’ya doing, man, it’s the middle of the night,” Dean muttered. He turned to Cas and saw that his boyfriend was still fast asleep.
“And you didn’t think this was something you should have told me?” John was outraged now and Dean wasn’t far behind.
It wasn’t what Sam had expected, but then he was learning a lot of thing he’d never expected or even thought possible.
“Let’s get to my place, try an’ make some sense of this,” Bobby suggested and since no one seemed to have a better idea they all got into the cars and drove to South Dakota.
“Since Claire and Ben so graciously volunteered to clean up here,” Dean suddenly began, the teenagers’ protests falling on deaf ears and eventually quieting with one pointed look from Dean at the mess on the floor, before he continued, “You want the grand tour?”
“Yes.” Cas nodded. “And those dreams you had. I feel like I heard about them before. Like I was there too.”
This time, Sam did frown. “Is that what he said? That I’m ‘welcome to stay?’” he asked, hoping Cas would catch the implied air quotes.
“What do you say, you show us your place and we’ll see from there on what we can do?” Dean suggested and Matt nodded.
“I’m uncertain what to say,” Cas answered, his fingers playing with the hem of his shirt, “You’re brother just lost a part of his family and this is the first time in years that you and your brother are in the same place…I guess I’m trying to figure where fit in in all that.”
“Cherry, darling, would you give these Agents whatever they need?” Mr. Baker said and Dean noticed a woman sitting in front of the screens. Cherry looked at them rather unimpressed, chewing gum with her mouth open which made her look a bit like a cow, but she nodded slowly. “Perfect, Gentlemen, I have to get back to work.”
He was completely and utterly alone, with no place to go, no place to call home, and no hope of Dean or anyone to comfort him over what he’d lost. All he would get was an ‘I told you so’ and the mere thought made him sick.
“Sam?” Dean exclaimed in utter disbelief. God…how long had it been? 7 years? 8? “What’s going on, man?”
“Peachy, anyone feeling particularly guilty about something?” It was a rhetorical question of course –they all felt guilty about a lot of things.
“I am too. Seems like we’re after the same thing. Again.” Dean snorted contemptuously. “I can tell you where they’re hiding out. I didn’t come here because of that.”
“We’re also digitalizing all of this,” Dean went on to explained, “Still. Takes a hell of a long time and we keep finding more ‘cause this place is frickin’ massive.”
Dean hadn’t realized that he had moved but somehow he ended up pressing Gordon against the wall, faces just inches apart, his gun, pressed against Gordon’s temple. There was a moment in which Gordon seemed surprised, scared even, before he began smirking and Dean cursed internally because he did exactly what Gordon had wanted him to do. He had let him get to him. He had lashed out.
” his little brother stuttered, his voice near hysterical and Dean could hear him breathing too fast and too shallow, “
Five minutes later, they all sat in the car, racing down the street through the rain, while Sam made a few calls. From what Sam had told him, he had had a nightmare, except Sam was sure that it hadn’t been just a dream but rather some sort of premonition like he had had with Jess.
It only took about ten minutes to get everything to the car and Dean was just about to get behind the wheel when the brunet stopped him. “I don’t think you should drive right now, Dean,” Cas told him, his voice leaving no room for argument, “You’re upset and you’re not going to be any help to Sam if you drive off the road in the dark.”
the right thing. Hell, I would have done it too and there is no way in hell you could have known that dad was possessed.”
“Then start acting like it!” Dean snapped, ripping open the door to the Impala, “Now, get in the damn car.” His face was hard and impossible to read, a storm brewing behind his eyes, and Sam decided that it was probably best to simply do as he was told.
“He got bit by a Werewolf when he was 11,” the older Winchester explained, while inside Sam’s chest his heart turned to ice. Dean wasn’t done yet, though, it seemed. “He’s a smart kid,” he went on, “Figured out what was happening almost immediately and – he must’ve remembered me back from when I saved him from that Changeling, ‘cause he ran away to come and find me.”
This was totally Booby’s fault, Dean decided. Two weeks after Sam’s mysterious goodbye, Dean still couldn’t quite deal with the fact that he had lost his brother. Again. So he may have been sulking, that was, until the old man finally snapped.
“Come on, son. I know you’re worried about Sam, we all are and I promise you I’ll keep looking but in the meantime, you gotta get out there. For your own sake,” Dean knew that those were the kindest words he would get from Bobby and if he refused he’d be thrown out. Again. Until he had a grip on himself.
The sheriff in question was standing not far off, doing her best pretending like she wasn’t eavesdropping on Sam’s half of the conversation.
Sam scoffed lightly. His dad hadn’t played well with anyone, not even his sons, barking orders and demanding respect and obedience at every turn. Dean had been good at that, always shooting where John pointed his gun.
“Their loss if they miss it,” Dean replied with a shrug, finally turning to face the rest of the kitchen, “Cas, Eileen, this Sam, my brother. Sam, Cas and Eileen.” He was making hand gestures while was talking, sign language, Sam realized with no small amount of surprise.
Sam couldn’t see who it was, but he heard the heavy footsteps slowly coming closer, kicking over one of the empty bottles on the floor, and a low grumble that sounded like Bobby.
“Jess was my friend,” the paramedic answered his unasked question, “You can see your brother now.” She stepped aside and Dean immediately rushed forward. The closer he got, he heavier the weight got in his heart.
Dean wasn’t interested in a fight so he decided to cooperate for now, still, he remained vigilant because these Vampires might have gone vegan but that didn’t mean that they weren’t dangerous anymore.
“Where are you?” he barked out, blindly grapping every item in his reach and stuffing it into his duffle bag as Sam told him the address.
Dean gulped, his tongue feeling way too big for his mouth, “Dad,” he started, “Dead, he – he’s dead, Sammy. He made a deal. And he’s dead.”
Sam could almost picture it. An 11-year-old boy, terrified and traumatized and on the run from something he didn’t fully understand, desperate for someone to tell him what was going on, what to do. Their dad would have shot him on the spot. But not Dean.
Sam nodded along, offering her a tissue. “We understand that this is stressful for you,” he said, “But would you have any idea where Max could have gone? You told the police he went on a walk. Was that something he did often?”
“I know it wasn’t my fault. Not really. But his blood was on my hands. Literally. I packed a bag and left to find Dean because I knew he could help me.”
Looking at Ben was like looking into a mirror. Sort of. Ben had dark hair like his mother but everything else…the Metallica shirt, the leather jacket, the overcompensating-macho-act, the fricking
“Nothing,” Dean answered a bit too quickly and Cas just raised an eyebrow at him. “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Dean pulled over and stopped the car at the side of the road, clutching to the steering wheel, his eyes fixed on a tree in front of the car.
“I fucked up!” Dean repeated, “Claire wants to move to New York, I said no way, she flipped her shit, so did I, she left.”
Dean let out a snort. “Yeah well, consider yourself come out to, or whatever,” he grumbled, slowing the car as the road became narrower, “Just ‘cause I didn’t advertise it back then, don’t mean I wasn’t aware of it.”
They watched as the graveyard slowly emptied itself until only Sam remained, and Cas and Dean walked up to him. There was nothing to say, nothing that could make it better, so they stayed silent and Dean lay a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
A few hundred yards further down the street, stood a run-down building called Roadhouse if the lopsided letters over the door could be believed, two cars parked out front. Jody pulled up next to them and killed the engine.
Numbly, Emma nodded, and then Dean began to explain. He told her about Vampires, about Werewolves, about Witches and Demons and all the other things out there, living in secret. He told her about the Supernatural Support Network. He told her about not going to the police.
It took three men to hold Chris down and bind him to a chair while Kate was standing next to them crying, screaming at them to stop.
“You still haven’t heard from him?” Bobby chipped in and Dean shook his, “There’s a Psychic,” Bobby went on, “Missouri Moseley. I know that she helped your dad out quite a bit. I never met her but he trusted her.” He sipped at his coffee letting his words sink in and Dean wondered why he had never heard of this Missouri before. “Maybe she can help you,” the older man eventually finished.
As much as Dean would have liked to stay at the Roadhouse, his only home next to Bobby’s, they had to leave sooner or later. Saying their goodbyes to Ellen and Ash, Sam and Dean walked outside with Cas not far behind.
Whatever reaction Lisa had expected, it probably wasn’t Dean shaking Matt’s hand with a genuine smile.
“Here I am,” Sam confirmed unnecessarily, glancing over at Dean and Cas one more time, but the spell was broken. They too had noticed Sam, giving him matching, uncertain smiles, and Sam hated it. Hated the sadness in Dean’s eyes and the tension in Cas’ shoulder, hated that
They headed down a short flight of stairs onto some sort of balcony that looked down on a large room, in the middle sat a table, lit up from below, showing a map of the world, one wall was covered with screens, below stood several desks with computers and phones.
Dean was lost for words which, truth be told, didn’t happen often and he began to wonder if the rift between him and Sam didn’t run deeper than he had originally thought.
Watching and seeing was boring, Sam was soon to find out, and nothing really happened. Only once did someone open the door, someone who looked an awful lot like the picture of the twins that had disappeared from the hospital.
Cas gave another nod, turning around to refill his own coffee before leaving the kitchen without another word.
“What did you see anyway?” Dean asked and Sam began to explain about a woman named Monica and her daughter Rosie, “We know it will happen tonight,” he stated, “And that family is going through hell if we don’t stop it.”
“Come on, Sam,” he said roughly before entering the church. Everything was quiet inside and the backroom where Jim had his weapons was empty.
“You didn’t kill them, Sam. It wasn’t your fault,” Dean tried to remind his brother but of course, Sam wasn’t listening.
“I do trust him.” It was true, if there was one person he believed in, it was Cas. “I do, but Ellen, I –” Dean’s voice failed. It was too much.
She wasn’t home. Obviously, she wasn’t home. Sam tried to remember if she’d said anything else, had any plans to go out with friends, but there was nothing. Letting out a sigh, Sam walked over to the table, picking up the menu to one of their go-to take-out places on the way. It was late and he was tired and not particularly in the mood for cooking. That’s when he saw it. There, on the table, was a letter, a letter with his name on it.
“Sam –” he started but, once again, Sam interrupted him, “Why are you alive, Dean?” he asked, his voice laced with anger and suspicion and something else…something Dean couldn’t place.
