Dean pulled the car into traffic and headed back to their dormitory. “I could always get my tattoo removed,” he teased.
and closing the door again.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I am perfectly capable of walking, Dean. My legs are only slightly sore.”
the cutting. I wasn’t ready, but Dr. Al, he shoved the scalpel into my hand, and told me to figure it out.”
the time to lose his cool. All he needed was a confession, and they’d have enough to hold him for attempted murder. After another deep breath, Castiel stepped forward and pulled out the chair he had been offered earlier. He sat down, arms length away from his side of the table.
"Benjamin Braeden, her son? Here? Why?"
very beautiful, Dean. Every part of you.”
"Oh, Cas," Dean frowns. "I’m so sorry, babe. Is that why you’ve been so upset all week?"
“You do?” Castiel asked, genuinely confused.
Castiel felt Dean’s hand squeeze his own. He tried to squeeze back, to give him some sign that he could hear him, but his body wasn’t cooperating with his brain yet.
face, and then Dean remembered that he hadn’t had a burger since the Sunday Cas was attacked. Come to think of it, he hadn’t eaten much of anything since…
“Damn right I do,” Dean winks, then moves to sit next to his husband on his own side of the bed. He loosens his tie and reaches for his phone, sending a quick text to Sam about his plans for tomorrow, adding that he and Cas will need the night off as well. There’s
“Dean, come on,” Cas pleaded, because he’d already made a fool of himself twice now, and although it wouldn’t be pleasant, he knew he needed to know what happened. “You can tell me.”
“Sam is gone,” Dean whispered, breaking the silence. Cas reached out and grabbed one of Dean’s hands then, and Dean didn’t pull away. He brought his head up and closed his eyes, and Cas could see that one tear had made it past Dean’s emotional fort.
“Dean, stop it,” Cas sighed, “What do I have to say to convince you that I’m here because I
“Would you confront him about it?”
“His appointment? He… oh, wait…” Dean smacked his palm against his forehead. “Shit! That’s in…” he glanced at his watch again, “in an hour and it takes like half an hour to get there –.”
knows about this?”
The kid rubbed at his neck before responding. “People call me Al, short for Alistair,” he sneered, playing the knife in his hands.
Dean makes pancakes, but when Cas comes downstairs, he frowns.
like a mantra in his mind, hoping beyond hope that Cas would feel it somehow, that he would sense the love that Dean couldn’t speak in words.
“Fine,” Dean ground out, “you stay the fuck away from Cas, and I’ll keep my mouth shut.”
Dean laughed. “Damn straight. I like it.”
“Oh, Castiel, don’t be dumb,” Lucifer chastised. He moved an arm up to rest his chin on the palm of his hand. The chains attached to the cuffs at his wrists rattled. Castiel guessed that they were about two feet long, which meant that his brother wouldn’t be able to get very far if he tried anything. “I have my sources. You have those things when you’re at the top of the food chain.”
Dean raises an eyebrow, “How?”
Here's the next chapter! There will be 9 parts in total. Bless you all for reading, please enjoy! <3
“Dean –.”
Dean tried to forget about that now, though. Cas was asleep, breathing deep and calm, and once he was absolutely positive that Cas wouldn’t hear him, Dean whispered,
“Wait, wait, wait, do you guys know each other?”
Sam laughs through the earpiece.
Sam instantly started coughing, a sad attempt to cover his laugh. Dean stared daggers at Castiel, and in return, Castiel blew him a kiss and asked, “Can you get me some cereal, sunshine?”
“I’m leaving around 11,” Dean said softly, playing with the ring on his right hand. A nervous tick of his, Cas knew it well. “It’s a six hour drive home, and I’d rather not miss dinner.” Dean smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “Have you, uh…decided what you wanna do yet?”
Sam was smiling as well. “I gotta run,” he told Dean, who had managed to snake his hand back into Castiel’s. “I’ve got a study session with Jess.”
“No… what? Dean, I’m -.”
He held the passenger side door open for Cas. “Just get in the car,” he whined.
“This Charlie guy doesn’t even know you,” he grumbled, walking them back over to one of the large chairs and pulling Castiel down onto his lap.
Cas’s eyes go wide. “What? How?”
Dean feels a hand on his shoulder and opens his eyes to see Castiel standing beside him. When they make eye contact, Cas nods confidently, and Dean knows that, somehow, Cas heard him, and he’s on Dean’s side.
When Dean didn’t answer, he heard Castiel sigh and move away from the door. When he was certain that Cas was gone, Dean huffed and sat down on the edge of the tub with his head between his knees.
Dean is silent for a moment, because Bobby has a point. He imagined that Ben wasn’t a huge fan of his at this point, and yet here he was.
Castiel got up, stuffed his phone in his pocket, and began walking towards the door. “If you’re going to act like a nine year old all year, warn me now so I can sign up for a new room.” He was being mildly sarcastic, but the look on Dean’s face told Castiel that Dean didn’t catch that. He really didn’t know why he was so irritated. Gabriel pulled stunts like that all the time when they were home. Maybe it was because he had just met Dean?
He couldn’t imagine life without Cas, period.
“Oh,” came Dean’s response, the disappointment in his tone all too clear. Who knew one syllable could make one feel like the worst person on the face of the planet?
“What the actual
Dean rubbed his temples with his fingers. “Sam, you have nothing to feel bad about, you hear? Nothing.”
“Kiss me,” Dean repeats, then leans forward a bit and lowers his tone, “You know you want to.”
He was poking around the ACDC tapes when Balthazar walked out of the storage room again. “Oh, Dean, I forgot to mention – you can always change the music playing on the speakers if you’d like. The stereo is in the corner,” B pointed to the small stereo next to the backroom door.
Sam sighed. “Alright, okay, um. Well her name is Jessica –.”
Dean breathes for the first time in what feels like hours. He won’t lose Cas. Cas won’t lose him. That’s all he’s wanted for so long, isn’t it?
Anna turned toward Dean, pen and pad at the ready. “Right, so what would you like?”
Arthur Ketch is leaning back against the large mahogany desk, while the mayor stands over him,
"Yeah, yeah, of course it was. Where is everyone?"
"I want to ask Dean to marry me."
Dean thought, shaking his head before looking away.
“You sure, babe?” Cas asked with a raised eyebrow.
When he heard this, Dean dropped the smirk he’d been wearing on that mouth of his, shifting his position to sit up straighter. “She’s
"Hey, Castiel," Sam chuckles, "you’ve got great timing."
“Dean, the guy has been flirting with you for a week, and you’ve barely noticed.”
Dean was still chuckling when he reached for Castiel’s wrist. “Don’t worry about it, man, it didn’t make me see you differently or anything. He doesn’t even know that we’re roommates.”
“Anna!?”
and Dean’s hands are all over him, feeling him, learning him, and it’s all too much but Dean can’t get enough and then - it stops.
When Dean realized that Cas was actually ready to leave right that minute, he almost scrambled (
Castiel almost spit up the water he was drinking. “
alright. “Castiel is awake.”
“I was drunk,” Dean repeated, “the night you called me, I was drunk and my phone died and I was too wasted to notice, or care.”
With a heavy sigh, Castiel complied, glad that the conversation was over for now. But if he knew his boyfriend at all, he knew that Dean would want answers, and soon. He climbed back into the bed and felt Dean’s arms wrap around his frame, and prayed that he hadn’t remembered enough to have bad dreams.
“What are you laughing about, asshole?” Dean coughs, trying his best to be bitter, but really, he had…fun.
Dean had stopped pacing; his previously downcast eyes now locked onto Cas’s blue one’s.
“I think so,” Dean nodded, and then placed the scar cream and patches on the counter. He turned to look behind him when he heard someone run out of the store and raised a brow.
“Whatever, jerk,” Sam said.
Dean thinks, smiling to himself.
“Who aren’t we telling? There’re only four of us, man.”
“Ow! Jerk.”
"Dean," Sam starts, but Dean already knows where this is going.
Her name was Penny, and she was the one who convinced Cas to get his first tattoo.
Dean lets that sit with him for a moment. Cas was
It doesn’t.
Dean shrugged. He knew what Sam wanted to hear, but he was
Before Castiel could lay into her (and boy was he ready to lay into her good), Dean spoke up.
“Come with me.”
Here's chapter 2, by popular demand! Thank you again for reading! Let me know what you think; I might start posting a chapter every other day. (:
Soon after that, Dean came back to their room.
During the few times that Dean and Cas spoke, Dean avoided the topic like the plague, not wishing to have
so all-encompassing, and it hits him then that this moment could change his life forever. Dean is looking at him with wild eyes, like he’s still unsure what to say, so Cas makes one last plea.
“Whoa, whoa, wait, like what happened in the car?”
“Hey, Benny, I want you to meet Cas,” Dean said, practically shoving Cas into Benny. Benny put a hand out. Cas shook it, trying not to look as uncomfortable as he felt.
Sam,” Dean grunts, making his way to the back door and following Cas outside. The grass outside is wet and Dean wishes he were wearing his boots and jeans, not this rented tux. He searches everywhere but can’t find the damn angel.
Dean blinks and his brain comes down from the adrenaline rush. “Honestly?” He starts, “I don’t even know what
“That what I felt for you had nothing to do with me pulling you out of perdition,” Cas continues, and he’s staring at Dean like his blue eyes can pierce his very being. “It was simply you, Dean. All along, it was you.”
“It’s horrid. I don’t recommend it.”
“Don’t worry about Dad right now, Sam. Did you talk to Jess about it?”
the time for a panic attack. He was confronting his brother soon. They may not have spoken in nine years, but Castiel was certain that Lucifer would still be able to read him like a book, like he always had when they were younger.
Cas looks like he’s about to die of embarrassment but is still unsure what to do, so Dean turns the heat up.
“Thank you,” Dean said finally, “I’ll let Cas know.” He hung up and stared at his phone.
“Ah, Mr. Ketch, right?”
Dean isn't supposed to be home yet.
“I know,” he replied, standing up straighter, “but I want to go now. I’m ready.”
Dean seemed to be busy with homework, so Castiel assumed they wouldn’t be discussing the conversation they had in the car earlier. He stood, picked up a text book, and flopped down into his bed with a sigh.
“Sure thing, blue eyes,” Dean whispered, pulling Cas in close – holding him, shielding him. “Let’s go home.”
"What’s funny?" Cas squints at Dean.
final exam sitting on the desk in front of him, and for the life of him, he couldn’t focus. He looked up at the clock for the fifth time to find that another ten minutes had already passed. It was a two hour exam, and Cas had wasted half an hour arguing with himself over whether or not he should go with Dean. The worst part was, he was choosing between two perfectly acceptable courses of action – go to his own graduation, or go to his best friend’s brother’s funeral.
“Promise?” Sam asked finally, too hopeful.
"Of course you did," Dean mumbled, walking closer so that he could get a good look at the tattoos. He held Cas's arms up by the wrists. "Why feathers?"
“What do you mean? If we know why Lucifer targeted you, then –.”
“– my family moves around a lot. Haven’t even moved in yet, actually.” Dean chuckled. “Kinda hopin’ to stick around for a while, though. The girls are smokin’.” He winked at the blond in the front row, making her blush furiously. Castiel wasn’t sure if she had fallen for Dean’s bad boy looks or his southern drawl, but made a face that said
“Because I keep you wealthy and sexually satisfied?”
“Have you aligned all the new records, Dean?” B asked from the back room. The store only had a few customers in it, so Balthazar had suggested that they do some organizing.
“Prin–cess,” Castiel repeated, smirking.
Dean sips his whiskey slowly, trying his best to blend in, when the earpiece crackles again.
“Whoa there,” Dean chuckles, straining to keep them both upright, “You have
Dean didn’t know what to do. He couldn’t just grab Cas and hold him, that could hurt his injuries, and he had no clue what Cas was freaking out about, only that the word ‘abuse’ had triggered him somehow.
“Dean,” Castiel grunted, fighting through another wave of pain.
“H-he’s…” Castiel stuttered, wringing his hands, “he’s here? A-already? That’s good, right? This…this is good?”
Cas strolls in, sans trench coat or tie, just black slacks and a white button down with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Dean has to physically rip his eyes away. If Sam notices, he’s smart enough to keep his mouth shut.
And then, Dean’s father died – liver cancer.
Dean whines, and he tries to move, anything to get just a little more friction as Cas moves his lips to his neck and kisses him there, warm and wet, but then, as quickly as it started, Cas rolls off of him and crawls over to his side of the bed with a chuckle.
“They’re for pain, Cas, and making sure your wound doesn’t get infected. Come on, you need ‘em.”
“I…you…liked that?”
“What’s wrong?” Dean whispered. A few people in professional-style clothing walked by, carrying files and other office materials. Castiel looked around, and then back to Dean, whose bright green eyes were filled with concern.
Castiel turned back around and sighed. Looks like his summer fling wasn't meant to be with him forever after all, as he suspected.
“Sam?” Dean rolled his eyes. “Well this ought to be good.”
Dean had never been very good with emotional crap, but now he was
“Soon, Cassie. Goodness gracious, you’re such a mom.” She turned to Dean. “Here’s your check. Feel free to leave a large tip.”
“Dude, you brought a girl to the bunker,” Sam replies, glancing between him and Cas, and it takes a second, but the proverbial light bulb goes off in Dean’s head.
He really was pretty cute, and that
“Oh no no, I was just kidding with you, silly!” Dr. Bradbury responded, “I’m a psychiatrist,
kissed a guy before, but after the initial hesitation, it’s as if everything else slides into place.
Cas can’t help the grin that plasters itself on his face. He pulls the ring out of the box, tosses the box behind him, then slides the ring onto Dean’s left hand. As soon as it’s on him, Dean swoops down and kisses Cas on the mouth, his face wet with tears once again.
Cas nods, “The depth of my feelings for you is… exponential to what I’ve ever felt for another person, angel or human. I could drown in it. Part of me wants to. I just didn’t know how to tell you.”
is, essentially, a
“That’s pretty much it.”
Castiel felt Dean’s body go ridged underneath him for a split second, but when he looked up, Dean was grinning.
Dean raised a brow, eyes flashing with mischief. “Are you trying to get a rise out of me? Because let me assure you, you got a rise out of
"I need a minute," Dean huffs, turning to walk toward the scrapyard. He kicks the gravel as he walks, hands balled to fists in his short hair. There’s no way he can handle this, but if Dean is honest with himself (a rare occurrence), he really does care about the kid. He might even love him, but love is a dangerous luxury in his life.
"Hey, Sam, Kev, guess who's back?"
And Cas had a decision to make.
“Did you just lick my hand?!” Dean yanks his hand away and wipes it down the side of his jeans.
Cas seems slightly uncomfortable with the idea, but doesn’t flee like Dean thinks he will. “If you insist.”
Cas opened his mouth to respond, but immediately shut it again. Dean had a point, a
Dean almost chokes on his coffee but the bell rings before he can think of a response. Charlie only laughs and waves goodbye as she leaves the small room, and Dean pours the rest of his coffee into the sink, shaking his head. He leaves the room and rushes down the hall toward his classroom.
Castiel thought, but Dean’s hands suddenly went rigid around his own, and he could feel his tongue move, heavy and dry, in his mouth.
he thought.
"No!" Cas answers, a bit too quickly for Dean’s liking, but he’d rather not piss Cas off again, so he doesn’t push.
Lucifer smirked, “He hasn’t told you?”
“Hello?”
“Yes!” Cas responds, throwing his hands up, “But, clearly, there are some trust issues we need to work out first?”
"Of course, Dean. Goodbye."
“Pop quiz today,” Cas warned as Sam walked to the mathematics building doors, “and it’s a doozy.”
“Meg, this is insane. If this doesn’t work, I could lose my job!”
"Do you think the angels found us?" Kevin asked, panicking.
Shaking his head, Dean pushed himself off of the floor and took a few steps until he was in front of the sink. He turned on the faucet and splashed cold water in his face a few times before looking up at his reflection in the mirror. He looked pale. He hadn’t eaten in seven hours. He hadn’t slept through the night in a week. Dean had nightmares about Sam, about how he died, about being in his body, or in the car with him. Dean saw Sam every time he tried to sleep, and always woke up screaming.
“Well, I’ve got some studying to do for my final tonight. See you soon, I hope?”
Dean looked up again, Castiel’s blue eyes threatening to pull him under, filled with something he couldn’t place –
Dean, which means you need to take
As the professor wrote, Dean began feeling a little panicky.
Castiel tried to speak again. “Angel,” he said, and his throat ached, but tried to smile as he slowly opened his eyes, “that’s a new one.”
“Hey,” he whispered, “do you want me to…?”
. This was his soul mate. Dean knew Cas wanted to take things slow, so they should feel at least
"I'll say. Dean hasn't come over to my place to eat my food and use my cable in
From Bobby S.: Oh, and they got Sam here early this morning. Everything’s set up for tomorrow. Some of Sam’s old friends are coming, just a heads up. C U soon.
“Yes.”
“She wanted to talk.”
"Jesus — Sammy!" Dean covers his face with one hand. "I hope you catch pneumonia."
“It wasn’t my father who made Lucifer leave, it was my uncle. Zachariah.”
When Bobby released them, he stuck his hands back in his pockets and sighed. “Dinner’s almost ready, and the spare room is all fixed up for you guys. Go ahead and get your stuff up there, then wash up before coming down to eat, ya hear?”
“I can’t help it,” he replied, not meeting Dean’s eyes. “I love you.”
“Yeesh, it weighs a ton,” Dean comments, sitting down on the couch to rip open the wrapping paper. He sees the front of it and pauses. “Wait, no way.” He tears the rest of the paper off, revealing the complete Led Zeppelin collection, on vinyl.
“I do,” Dean nods, shifting closer, “I do.”
“Yeah,” Castiel replied, wrapping his arm around Dean’s neck before dipping his head to kiss him again, longer this time. He could feel Dean smiling on his lips right before he stood up, lifting Castiel right along with him.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” replied Dean, wiping his mouth with a napkin from the dispenser on the dining hall table. “Now, the girl. Spill.”
Dean looks around awkwardly. “Uh, just me?”
“You’re…still deciding,” he said quietly, but the disappointed rang loudly in Castiel’s ears.
“Then what happened?” Cas prompts, squeezing his hands again. “It’s okay, go on.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, was that not clear? We are in the middle of the semester, are we not?”
"Willpower, my friend. Humanity isn't too hopeless," Dean smirked, "Sometimes, we're pretty awesome."
“Yeah, we are,” Dean smiles, running his fingers through Cas’s messy hair, “I can’t believe you want to put with me forever.”
"It's Lisa," Sam deadpans, and Dean's heart sinks. He knows what Sam is going to say before the words even leave his brother's lips, can hear it in his voice. He knows that tone all too well.
“Ready?” Dean asked, turning his head slightly to look at Cas.
Before Castiel could retort, the professor began to speak.
“Cas, you don’t have to buy me things.”
“Cas, nothing’s wrong with you, okay?” Dean said quietly, “This is a lot to deal with. I shouldn’t have told you –.”
He was also angry at Lucifer, for obvious reasons. Maybe seeing him again would be cathartic. Maybe, if he could get a good swing in, right in Lucifer’s face –.
“But Dean, I –.”
"I’ll go," Sam says immediately, and Dean has to admit, he’s a bit offended.
How could Dean lie to those eyes? “Fine, fine,” Dean agreed, “but you have to promise not to freak out, alright?”
Dean made a placating gesture with his hands, “I was gonna tell you, Cas, I swear! But we got caught up with your therapy and then this whole thing, and it just…it wasn’t the right time.”
Dean hums, grabs Ketch by the jaw and kisses him on the side of his neck. Ketch responds immediately, sighing a little and grabbing Dean’s forearm. Dean starts sucking a bruise into his neck when Ketch makes a whining noise in the back of his throat, and Dean lets him go with a snicker. He stands back up, straightens his dress shirt, and walks back to his desk.
“Fuck it. Grow up, Winchester.”
“What?” Dean asked innocently, “We both know you’re gonna put all your time and effort into this relationship, so why not find out if –.”
“Then what, Dean? You could tell me all about my long lost brother and how he hates me so much he’s willing to kill me? You could tell me everything, while this Alistair bastard walks free, and I’ll probably just have another panic attack or a flashback or –.”
“Cas!” He exclaimed, walking toward the bed. Castiel smiled at the nickname, assuming he’d picked it up from Dean. Sam was slim with broad shoulders, and his head was a mess of floppy brown hair and bangs that almost covered his eyes.
“Ya know,” Dean shrugs uncomfortably, “I think Cas… is uh…hot.” The last word is barely audible, but when Kevin’s left eyebrow rises to meet his right, Dean’s sure he heard it.
“Dean?” Castiel asked cautiously, “What was that about? Let me know what?”
“Yes, sir,” Dean responds, earning him an eye roll from Cas. He does as he’s told and soon they’re curled up in bed together, falling asleep to the sound of classic rock lullabies and Jack’s soft breathing coming from the babycam on the dresser.
“Dude, what is this, Christmas?”
“You boys gonna sit in that car all night?”
Al laughed, and the sound made Dean cringe. “Lucifer had a…vendetta of sorts. Apparently his family disowned him? Anyway, he blamed Castiel, told us all if he ever got his hands on him, he’d kill him. And guess who found poor little Castiel, right here, of all places?”
He sighed, and Sam was still looking at him, so he spoke up. “I’m just not hungry,” Dean deadpanned, which didn’t seem to satisfy Sam in the least, but he didn’t ask questions either. Just stood and signaled for Dean to follow him.
He can’t get away with that!”
Cas sighs, and Dean can tell he’s bone tired. “Okay,” he says, sounding defeated, “It’s just... nevermind.”
to come to the ceremony; his brothers tended to be restless and, frankly, embarrassing. At his high school graduation, Castiel’s little sister Hael had begun to cry just as they called his name. Michael and Raphael had started an argument over whose fault it was, and a large fraction of the crowd became clearly annoyed. Castiel had run off the stage as quickly as possible, but when he looked up again, he saw Dean, with Sam, sitting a row in front of his family, waving and clapping. They didn’t even seem to mind the noise his family was creating, and it was at that moment that Castiel considered the Winchesters to be his family, too.
in fact receive a thorough beat down for his stupidity, but he couldn’t manage to move his mouth.
“Thursday, the 27
Dean all but spits out his drink on the lady next to him, apologizing when she eyes him suspiciously after his coughing fit. He recovers, finally, and looks around the room for the person to blame. He spies Cas directly across from him, standing lazily against the wall like he’s already drunk, which isn’t possible.
Castiel resisting the urge to hit him. “Well, in that case, I’m going to need to have a little chat with your mother on who constitutes as a little lady.”
“God, I’m so glad you’re okay,” Gabriel said, voice cracking as he gave Castiel a gentle hug. “Is everything alright? Are all your parts working right?”
And so, Dean settled for, “I believe in you,” and Cas nodded gratefully before pulling away and stepping to the door again. He hesitated for a moment, but didn’t look back as he turned the knob and stepped into the interrogation room. The door closed firmly behind Cas, and for the third time in his life, Dean Winchester felt utterly, painstakingly helpless.
It starts after they work a case with Rowena, which, in hindsight, should have been Dean’s first clue.
“His feelings?”
Cas had dropped his cereal bowl then, milk splashing on his lounge pants as he ran back into his bedroom to throw on some actual clothes, grab his keys, and speed over to the Winchester’s apartment. Now, here he was, washing Dean’s dishes. Because Dean’s brother was dead. Sam was
“No I wasn’t at a party,” Dean spat, suddenly disgusted with himself, “I was at Benny’s, getting shitfaced…because of you.”
"You never know! I, for one, would rather be safe than sorry. It may not be by much, but he
“Hey, I resent that!”
“Sorry sorry sorry,” he repeated quickly, shaking his head, “We have to stop, I have – I’m…sorry j-just-.”
“Yours,” Castiel heard himself say before his lips were on Dean’s once more.
Cas looks back up to see Dean’s face, counts the freckles on his nose, takes in his strong jaw, his bruised bottom lip, and the cut on his eyebrow that’s still bleeding. Then, finally, he looks into those beautiful green eyes, the ones he’s almost certain he could drown in, and once again isn’t sure what to say.
Dean wipes a hand down his face and sighs.
Cas pulled back the opaque shower door slightly, peering at Dean, who was currently getting undressed. “Don’t laugh at me,” he said sheepishly, “I thought I could do something as basic as clean myself, but apparently, I’m too injured for that.”
Tessa laughed when Dean flashed a big smile. “You’re kind of adorable, you know that?” she said, picking up the slips of paper and sorting through them.
“You are, Cas, I can feel… I just know, okay? And we’re not doing that.”
Dean’s hands were on him in no time, checking him over, offering him water, which he sipped from a straw before placing it on the table to his side.
"Well I have a first-aid kit," Cas shrugged again, "I don't know much about healing myself so...slowly."
and Dean was sure he missed Cas’s eyes the most.
Cas grumbles then, rolling off of Dean and standing up.
“I didn’t want to get my hopes up…” Cas muttered, playing with the collar of Dean’s pullover, “and I didn’t want you doing anything that would make you uncomfortable.”
“Guess I’ll see ya around, Cas.” Dean said, shrugging his bag over his shoulder and leaving the classroom.
Castiel flinched subtly at the nickname. Wasn’t it a bit too early for that? He pulled his hand out of Dean’s grip, but not before noticing the bracelet on his wrist and the ring on his finger – right hand, not married.
“I, uh… well Dean’s brother, um, recommended it – well, you – but…um…”
"Well, I’m sure he has a good reason," Charlie says sweetly, "I couldn’t imagine him pushing your buttons just for the hell of it."
Dean looks up to find Sam, fully dressed, hair dripping wet, smirking at them from the hallway.
“Profound?” Dean assumes, and his throat feels dry.”
Castiel didn’t know what to say. He felt lightheaded, and numb.
Cas pulls himself off of Dean slightly, pulling the blade back and tucking it into the waistband of his pants. He shakes his head to get the hair out of his face, then leans down again, and whispers, “I win.”
“Yes, I know, but Dean,” Cas reaches out and places a hand over Dean’s own, which rests on the table, “Dean, if you were killed because of me, I… I don’t know what I’d do.”
It was Cas’s turn to blush. “Oh. Okay, well good.” He bit his lip. “Could you, uh…” Cas moved his casted arm around. “I’m gonna need help getting, um, dressed.”
When he stepped through the automatic doors on the store, Dean breathed in cool air. He paused, trying to remember what he needed.
this whole time
The tone on the line signaled that Cas had hung up. Dean put his cell back on the night stand and stared up at the ceiling.
“Yeah, you have to go get your phone back, too –.”
worth the wait.”
“Sammy’s got a girl!” Dean exclaimed, and Sam shushed him.
“You’re okay, you’re okay,” Dean assures, squeezing her hand again. “We’re at the bunker. Did you have a nightmare or something?”
my roommate? Who woulda thunk!” He gave Castiel what he assumed was supposed to be a friendly slap on the back, but since he just got his tattoo, it was a little sore. He had forgotten all about it until then.
The next morning, Dean awoke before Cas. It was early, only 7AM according to his watch.
"You mean cranky?" Cas’s mouth curls into a fake grin, "Not…entirely…"
birthday, Bobby let him access the account that his mother had started for him, so he could pay tuition and support himself and Sam. Finally, after months of convincing Uncle Bobby that he could do it, his uncle agreed to let him go.
– shirt, and even in her hair. So he laughs, and when Cas looks offended, he steps further into the kitchen, waving his hands.
a woman now, after all, and Dean’s history with women isn’t the most pleasant. Attitude is something he’s used to.
“Her,” Dean interrupts.
“Keep talking and you won’t be alive for much longer,” Dean snarled, but Al only laughed again.
“Not at all, Dean,” Cas replies, playing with her hands. It’s a nervous gesture, and Dean wonders why she would be nervous. “I do not mind being, as you say,
“I do,” Dean replies, surprised to find that he’s practically breathless. Being so close and not kissing is sensory overload. Dean feels Cas
“What? If he looks half as good as you, I’m in. Why should Cassie be the only one with man candy?”
Ketch chuckles again, and Dean raises an eyebrow at him. “What’s so funny?”
Were pharmacies even open this late?
“What?” Cas asked suddenly, his mouth filled with Frosted Flakes.
“Yeah, none of that. Sam would
“And you have every right to be, but you must get a handle on it. Okay?”
Dean’s mother had died when he was four years old. She worked at a diner that caught fire. Sam was only a baby, and his father tried to be strong for them, but losing Mary probably hurt his father the most. When Dean was in middle school, they moved to Sioux Falls, South Dakota to be closer to their Uncle Bobby. That’s when things started getting bad.
Dean thought. He walked through a couple isles looking for scar cream, choosing the first one he saw. The heat/cool patches, though, came in every shape and size imaginable.
He is more than satisfied with his partners, but he always thought he could maybe use just one more.
“Hmm, you seem very concerned with convincing me that you aren’t an item, but I don’t know if I believe you.”
“Shit’s crazy, but I’m not complaining.”
Dean sighed, “It’s just…they uh…” Dean looked away, “They want you to go in and see him.”
“Cas, you were in a coma. I think your professors will cut you some slack.”
“Getting who back?”
feel free to call me Charlie. My collogues call me Dr. Bradbury and it kind of makes me cringe. ‘Doc’ is fine, as well,” she nodded to Dean. “Alright, my method is simple – If I ask you a question, you can ask me a question. Whenever you want. Tit for tat. If you don’t feel like talking, that’s fine, too. I’m here to hear what’s wrong and work with you to manage it, alright? I’m not a fixer; people aren’t broken, they just need a little help – that’s what I intend to do. Sound good?”
Dean realizes then just how much he’s missed his best friend.
and one of
“Shopping,” she repeats, and then smiles coyly, “Isn’t shopping a popular pastime for women? They do have a more extensive knowledge of style and such.”
“No, I’m good,” Cas answered, drying of his hands on the towel hanging from a cupboard doorknob. After throwing away empty food cans and placing half empty boxes back inside the pantry, he sat down at the island in the center of the cramped kitchen, across from where Dean was already sitting, sipping his water. Castiel was surprised he hadn’t grabbed a beer.
After a long, agonizing minute of silence, Tracy spoke up again. “What he said,” she shrugged.
“Dean?” he heard Tessa call.
They get back to the motel, and Dean tries not to make his disappointment too obvious when Cas isn’t there waiting for them. He’s not there the next day when they drive back to the bunker. When they arrive home, Dean checks Cas’s room, and sighs when he’s not there either.
“Okay, fair,” Meg shrugs, “But I don’t think he’s a robot. I’ve seen him smile! I’ve heard him ask how people are doing, like he actually cares, and...” She leans in close to Cas, then whispers, “I’ve heard him ask about you!”
Dean raised an eyebrow at Castiel. “You’ve really given this a lot of thought, haven’t you?”
“I said I’m positive, okay? The kid’s still alive!”
“Saturday.”
“Hey, that is the
Sam laughs and shakes his head, “Do
“Uh, I guess?”
“Are you
"What?!" Dean’s voice is louder than he intends, and when he looks over, he sees Ben, wide eyed, staring back at him.
He gets up, showers, brushes his teeth, and dresses, as per usual. He’s pulling on a flannel when there’s a knock at his door.
Finals week flew by. Dean woke up every day, took an exam or two, walked back to Cas’s apartment, ate, and then slept. He tried to do well on the tests, truly, he did, but he had no idea if he would pass or fail his classes this semester.
Dean’s mouth snaps shut.
“No,” Cas interrupts, “You know what you are? You’re brave, and you’re smart, and you’re kind beyond measure. You fight for what you believe in and aren’t afraid to stand up for what’s right. You care about your patients, you advocate for them, you study hard and work even harder. You aren’t perfect, and you make mistakes, but you admit that, and you
Dean.
"So," Dean started after Cas had settled in, "you're a mortal now."
Cas cleared his throat. “Well, um. Benny, he’s uh. He’s interesting.”
“Oh, honey,” Cas breathes, afraid to hear what happens next.
Castiel turned his head when he heard the door click open. Dean stood at the door, clearly unsure of himself. Castiel grumbled, but he was smiling.
“I will always come when you call,” he says, like it’s the simplest thing in the world. “Always.”
Castiel released a shaky breath and practically flew forward to wrap Dean in a hug, which Dean readily returned. He wasn’t even aware that he had doubted Dean’s willingness to stay with him through all of this, but now that Dean had made it clear that he wouldn’t be leaving, Castiel felt tremendous relief. They stood wrapped together for a few minutes, Castiel’s arms around Dean’s shoulders, and Dean’s wrapped around Castiel’s waist, one hand rubbing his back.
I love him. I love him so much it…it scares me, Sam. Because everyone I love gets hurt, and-.”
"Cas -,"
“Anything.”
"H-hey, Cas," Dean stuttered, which,
Cas looks like he’s going to say yes, but then he pauses and shakes his head. “I think I’ll head to the library, actually. You two enjoy.”
Dean stops bouncing his leg. “What you
Cas sniffles, “Don’t you have to work?”
“I don’t know, man, but they need him to talk,” Dean answered, and Castiel guessed that he’d been thinking aloud. Dean reached out to Castiel, but he flinched, and Dean immediately took a step back.
Cas thought to himself as he gritted his teeth.
“That you do, Castiel,” Lucifer replied, “Or is it Cas now? I hear that’s what your boy-toy calls you.” His eyebrows were raised high as he tilted his head and folded his hands together on the steel table.
“Yes, but it’s…different, different from any bond I’ve ever had with a human. Now that I, too, am mortal, I thought it would disappear, but when I saw you again, I knew.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, startling him out of his thoughts. Castiel hadn’t realized that he was walking backwards until his back hit his closet doors. He winced, the impact sending a spark of pain along his fading bruises. He heard Dean suck his teeth.
“Don’t bother arguing, angel,” Dean sang, “You have no say in the matter. So get dressed and I’ll carry your books like a good boyfriend, okay?”
"To keep you guys safe! And John wasn’t the best father, but he raised you boys to become two of the best hunters in the game. You’re still alive, ain’t you?"
Dean thought, briskly walking past him and around the corner. Once he did so, the man’s voice rose again, and Dean caught a bit of the conversation.
“Doesn’t she? It’s crazy, man, but it’s our Cas, alright.”
Castiel was still a bit shaken up when Dean got him upstairs to their dorm. He’d said he was fine, but he could tell Dean didn’t believe him.
“Cas?”
he thought hesitantly, tapping his fingers on his legs.
“All of these reasons and more are why I want to spend the rest of my life with you, Dean. You are the best person I know, and if you let me, I will love you until my very last breath.”
Dean wasn’t too excited about that.
Dean keeps his eyes on the road as they make their way back to a nearby motel for the night. He’s got a knuckle-white grip in the steering wheel, and his breathing is still heavy from the fight. Cas isn’t sure what to say to fix things, so he tells the truth.
He actually had a lot of questions, like how the hell he wound up in the hospital, and
A few days after Cas had woken up, Dr. Henricksen gave him the okay to leave, with strict instructions to take it easy. Because Dean was his soul mate, as well as an adult, Cas was allowed to be released into his care.
Dean decides to be a little more forward.
Dean is distracted for
Dean opens his mouth to speak, but he’s speechless. He knows what he wants to say,
Castiel thought about this for a moment, deciding that he should have guessed that part. Gabriel was so in the know about fashion and style, it was a bit alarming. “Okay, okay, but, why?”
“Whoa, there,” Dean warned playfully, “what do you think you’re doing?”
“Brothers kill each other all the time. At least, that’s what I hear. The news these days, it’s always so tragic – like Cain and Abel all over the place.”
"Sam, what the - we’re too old for this man!" He struggles, but soon he’s laughing as well.
“I’ll check the third floor,” Jack chimes in.
It’s been a week since they first arrived at Bobby’s, and Ben seems to be feeling significantly better. He’s eating more, sleeping more, and when the TV is on, he actually watches it instead of just staring at it.
“I’ve hurt you so much already,” Dean whispered, still looking down. Castiel was surprised when he heard him huff out a laugh. “This… this whole thing is crazy,” Dean continued, “and half of me wants Lucifer or one of his goons to show up and try something again, just so I can kick their ass.”
“I’d say it’s way more than a bit,” Sam responded.
“Now, Dean, are you going to be with us for every face-to-face session?”
the guy decided to call? "Do you know how long we looked for you? We thought you were hurt, or dead! God dammit, Cas, I buried- ."
“Alright, let’s go,” Dean is up and out of his chair, the rest of his sandwich abandoned on the table. He grabs Cas by the arm and leads him out of the room until they’re in the living area. He stops then, turns to look at Cas, and takes a deep breath.
"Won me over?" Cas asks, wondering what the heck Gabe could have meant by that, because whatever it is, Dean clearly got the wrong message.
“You okay, baby?” he asked gently,
"Does the whole family know?" Dean sighs, "I was telling Nurse Bradbury back at school, I love Cas to death, but lately he’s just been so…"
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean, then his face breaks out into a full on grin, and Dean knows he’s in trouble. In a few swift movements, Cas throws Dean back onto the bed, then jumps on top of him, straddling his hips with his knees and holding Dean’s wrists against the mattress.
with you.”
“NSB?” Dean questioned Ash, leaning over slightly.
"You want me to come in?"
“Dean, has something happened? Is everything alright?”
Dean wondered, all the while berating himself for stating something so obvious.
“He was one of the three guys who beat the shit out of me,” Castiel grunted. He felt his anger start to grow again; a firm heat in his gut, rising steadily. He needed to see Lucifer. He needed to get this over with. “Where’s my brother?”
"You know damn well I would never just
ass. Dean wondered if Cas was a runner in high school. Cas Jr. wasn’t lacking, either, but when Dean had commented, Cas had actually slapped him. Dean had tried to hide his amusement, but failed miserably.
Castiel nodded. “I’m good, I am.”
want to go alone. Three months on the road with no one to keep you company probably wasn’t much fun, but it would take a miracle for Castiel to agree to go with him. Dean knew that. But, he was desperate, and so, as he stood in front of the refrigerated shelves of milk, Dean closed his eyes, and prayed for a miracle.
“I’ll head to the basement,” Sam adds. “Any news on the main floor?”
“Yeah, they should, and uh, yeah don’t skip, I just had to tell you first.”
“Yeah, that you know of.”
Sorry for the wait, bbys! Here's part 4 <333
“Nothing,” Castiel said quickly, carefully taking the bowl from Dean’s hand. “Thanks for the cereal, babe.”
Castiel remembered.
Penny had been there, too. ”I’ll hold your hand,” she’d said, “Tattoos are rad, but they aren’t painless.”
“I understand,” Dean said, nodding.
“Knew what?” Dean asks before he can stop himself. Things are getting really deep, really fast, and Dean can’t believe he’s still in the room.
“Ew, gross! Get a room, you guys, sheesh.”
make the paper after all. Not front-page news, but somewhere in the middle, under the headline:
“Hmm?” Cas looked over at Dean as if he’d been awakened from a dream.
Castiel shrugged. “You can always ask, Dean. We’re best friends.” Was he really considering this? Skipping his own graduation to go to another funeral?
“Uh, should I…come back later?”
“He won’t skip his graduation,” Dean kept his voice low in the empty kitchen. “Prom was one thing. I wish Sammy had skipped his Junior Pr-.” Dean bit his lip. He had been trying not to think about Sam so much, which was not an easy task. That was why he slept all day long. The nightmares didn’t plague him if the sun was still up. If he fell asleep by 5:30, he wouldn’t wake up for twelve whole hours. His mind and body were exhausted from the sadness that Dean dragged around like suitcase missing its wheels.
“Yeah, I’m uh, good. I’m good.”
Dean laughed, “Hey, I got lucky. But do you wanna meet up? I’ve got a few hours before my biology class…I’ll buy you a drink?”
“Yeah, right now,” Dean replied, and just like that, there was a shift in the air, and Cas had to grab hold of the closet door to keep himself upright.
Dean flinches when the box hits the table, stares at it hard before his eyes go wide and he looks back up at Cas with a bewildered look on his face.
to see him or anything, he just wants to check on him, that’s all.
“Just because I’m crying doesn’t mean I’m having a panic attack, Dean!” Castiel exclaimed, pulling away from him. “God, I just – my brother tried to kill me, and he doesn’t even care! I am angry, I am confused – how the hell did he figure out that Zachariah – and the way he sat there, that son of a bitch, like he was doing me a favor, like…!“
Dean recited in his head, and maybe, for the first time in a long time, he did.
your friends in the middle of the street?”
"Dean," he said softly, pulling the bag back over his shoulder and rising until he and Dean were face-to-face. He looked worn, and upset, and tired, but Dean imagined he didn't look much better himself.
“Hmm, this week,” Castiel mumbled into Dean’s side where his head lay. They had maneuvered themselves into a position that was awkward, but comfortable. Castiel’s legs trapped one of Dean’s between them, while his broken hand rested low on Dean’s waist. Castiel hummed with pleasure every time Dean ran his fingers through his boyfriend’s messy hair. Dean’s free leg was bent, his foot tapping out silent rhythms on the mattress. His other hand was placed behind his head.
Please don't hate me after this chapter :3
Cas starts to panic.
Cas put a hand up and shook his head. “
Cas shrugs, “I mean, in bed you sure can be.”
“Yeah, Cas?”
When he heard the door close behind him, Castiel felt both furious and absolutely petrified. Furious because, not five yards away, sat Lucifer, eyes still closed, as calm as ever. All Cas wanted to do was punch his face in, but his body ignored every signal his brain sent telling it to
going to hurt you.”
“Shhh, it’s okay,” Cas sooths, holding the sobbing man in his arms. He runs his hands through his hair and across his back in comforting motions, rocking them both back and forth. Cas hums a familiar tune, that Beatles song that Dean’s always been fond of, and slowly, Dean’s sobs turn into sniffles. When he stops crying all together, Cas stops rocking them and just holds him close. They sit like that for about five minutes before Dean sits up, wiping at the tear stains on his face. Cas does the same with his thumb, leaning forward for a quick kiss to Dean’s cheek.
Ignoring the sirens going off in his head, Dean pulled Cas's face back towards his own with two fingers under the former angel's chin, "I missed you, too, Cas," Dean admitted, huffing a laugh, "so much. God,
He scolded himself internally.
Dean shook his head. “I know, I’m a horrible person, but the truth is… I think… I do love him.” Again, Sam raised a brow. “Okay, okay, I
"And you drive me insane, but here I am, fathering your child."
Dean hadn't meant to mention that. After six months without a word, Sam and Dean had made Cas a makeshift grave. They placed a little wooden cross in the ground behind the bunker, even prayed to the guy, assuming he was in heaven again. For good.
Cas tilts his head, blue eyes boring into his own.
The guy was definitely a student; he wore a university sweater. Dean wondered if he knew him, but as soon as the man spotted him, he immediately lowered his voice and turned away from him.
“I needed answers, Cas! I needed him to tell me why they did this to you!”
THE NEXT CHAPTER IS FINALLY HERE. Bless you all for your patience! It's extra long to make up for the fact that I haven't posted in a month. I'm officially on winter break so I'll try to post more often while I can. I love you all! Enjoy! <3
“Cas,” Dean said again, wincing a little at the nails still digging crescents into his wrist. “Open those pretty eyes for me, angel. Breathe, okay? It’s just me. I promise I won’t hurt you. I’ll never hurt you. Breathe.”
“Sam was 15!” Dean exclaimed, standing and walking over to the railing. They were sitting outside, on the balcony of their floor. The sun was just beginning to dip, the days warmth slipping away with it. Castiel stuck his hands in the pockets of his sweater before standing to join Dean.
“That would be me,” Castiel replied, standing up. Dean stood as well.
Castiel turned his head in surprise.
, he realizes. Or maybe more than a little. He bounces his leg nervously and tries not to think about that.
“Yeah, well, today ain’t that day. I would have been fine. You can’t be throwing yourself in front of demons for me!”
Cas, he had been worried sick, devastated, but that wasn't something he was ready to admit.
Sam, because he was
“Yeah, of course,” she replied, ringing them up quickly, placing them in a bag and handing Dean a receipt after he paid. “I wish I had a partner who took care of me like you do for this Castiel,” she chuckled, “your boyfriend’s a lucky guy.”
Cas looks caught off guard, which is, of course, the point. Plus, Dean is curious. If Cas’s heart truly lies With Miss Masters, Dean is wasting his time here.
“Dean –?”
“I have nightmares,” he began, “every night. Unless I go to bed before the sun sets.” Castiel raised an eyebrow and Dean huffed a small laugh. “I know, man, it’s weird but it’s true. Anyway, I go to bed early, I’m sure you’ve noticed –.”
“What’s happening again? Cas, I want to help you, but I am
“I didn’t think --.”
“Glad you’re in one piece,” Cas said plainly. “I hope we can keep it that way.”
But he had to take care of Cas.
“Don’t play stupid, I heard you!” Dean shouted, leaning more heavily on the student, “You friends with that son of a bitch Lucifer? You help him beat the shit out of his own brother?”
Cas blinked up at Dean, panic melting into muted worry, “You said you’d be right back,” he whispered, and Dean shook his head.
“Dean, the man probably wouldn’t give a damn if I was
It had been nine years since he last saw his older brother. Excluding the attack, the last time they saw each other, Lucifer was being kicked out of their house.
“I can’t just
“Agreed,” Dean says, paying extreme attention to his phone so his eyes don’t give him away. Cas may still be Cas, but now Dean is very,
he knows exactly who did this, and he wants to bang his head against a wall and melt in the warmth that’s spreading through his chest, simultaneously.
"No, but I wouldn’t be surprised if he put coal in mine."
Cas rests his hands on both of Dean’s wrists, and Dean notices that their faces are so close, they’re practically breathing the same air.
He and Dean sat at their lab table, notebooks out and pen’s ready, like the rest of the class. Everyone was complaining about the exam on Thursday, until the moment Professor Crowley walked in, of course. Castiel caught Dean rolling his eyes at the class’s sudden silence, and nudged him with his cast.
“I have a name,” Castiel gritted out, and it’s then that Lucifer finally opened his eyes.
“Dean!”
Cas's hands suddenly moved to Dean's waist and in seconds, their lips were touching, body's pressed flush together, a Dean was trying not to think about the single layer of clothing separating their stomachs. Before Dean could process what he was doing, Cas bit his lip and Dean
“I suppose,” Cas begins, equally as quiet, “if you insist…”
“He already knows,” Cas tells him.
Dean shakes his head.
Kevin plants his face in his hands. “God, she’s so hot. I can’t believe I think
"I missed you, too," Cas whispers, and buries his face in Dean’s neck, carding fingers though his hair.
“You were flirting with my underage sister. I know. I was there.” Cas motioned toward the area in which they were standing. “Can we just go?”
a psychic. Contrary to popular belief, the two are nothing alike. Anyway, feel free to sit down and we’ll get started.”
The sound that comes out of Castiel’s mouth goes straight to Dean’s dick.
“But it is!” Dean whined, picking up his Pepsi for the sake of doing something with his hands. “I can’t say it. I can’t tell him.”
“Here ya go,” Dean says stiffly, handing over the clothes, “They’re probably too big, but they should do. Let me know if you need anything, alright?” He turns to leave when he hears his name again.
"Seeing who? Dean, where is this coming from?"
“I wanted to buy you something.”
When he finally makes it inside, he rushes toward the kitchen. Maybe Dean hasn't been in there yet so he can hide the food and flowers.
Especially when all I did was offer you my help.”
“You like pie?” Cas asked, curious.
Dean tensed,
Cas parks his car in the apartment's lot and notices the Impala a few spots away, shining in the afternoon sun.
“That’s different,” Dean grunts.
"I did…at the time…"
"You're upset," Cas said calmly, sliding off his flannel top. "Don't worry, I can't read your mind, but I can still read
“We’re gonna be okay,” he muttered, to himself, mostly. He kissed Cas’s forehead lightly and closed his eyes. “I love you.”
And, okay, now Cas is
Dean rinsed off and practically jumped out of the shower, grabbing his towel and drying himself off. He ignored the fact that he had been turned on by the mere thought of his roommate’s hair and got dressed.
“Is there any reason why you’re…well, not wearing pants?”
Meg finally pulls away from Cas with a loud smack of her lips, smirking. “Still got it,” she says triumphantly, while Cas is still trying to catch his breath. It’s been a while since he’s really made out with anyone, be he’d say that went pretty well.
Dean would be lying if he said he wasn’t at little anxious. They had moved into one of the interrogation rooms; Dean stood next to Cas in front of the one-ray mirror, watching Lucifer sit in the room on the other side of the glass, chained to a metal table. He looked
“I won’t,” she replies, and Dean can sense an attitude there.
Except it is.
Cas took a seat on one of the couches and Dean plopped down next to him. When Dr. Bradbury walked over to her desk and pulled out a chart, Cas took hold of Dean’s hand. His palms were sweaty.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel sighed. “I have. It’s important to me –.”
"You have Ben, now, Dean," Sam shrugs, "Don’t you wanna spend more time with him?"
"I know, love, but this…might come as a shock."
Dean wiped a hand down his face.
Dean was up and out of his chair before Cas could protest, pulling him into the nearest private restroom. He hoped no one would touch their stuff, but that wasn’t exactly a priority at the moment. Once they stepped into the restroom, Dean locked the door behind them and turned back to give Cas his full attention.
“Months,” Dean tells him, moving forward to kiss his cheek, “and let me tell you,” a kiss to his neck, “you are
He picked up smoking over the winter. Zayn, the quiet young man who had worked Cas’s shift at the convenience store, offered him his first cigarette during their break one day.
“Yes, Dean. I think I’m going to give it a try. Sam said it really hel-.”
"Uh, Dean? There's something else..."
“No one is invincible,” Cas argues, already putting together a plan to get the man written up. He’s made friends with some of the top doctors in the hospital, there’s got to be someone who can step up to this assbutt. But first, he must solve another problem.
Cas blinks. That thought hadn’t even crossed his mind. He feels a little silly, risking his life like that when there was another way, but he doesn’t regret his decision.
“No, no, he uh, found me online. Through Dean, I guess. We started chatting yesterday. I was going to ignore him,” Sam said with a sigh, “but he mentioned you and Dean, so I figured the conversation wouldn’t be too annoying.”
Dean was swinging a crowbar at the Impala’s trunk, over and over, pained sobs escaping with every swing. And with every hit, Cas flinched – he had never seen Dean so…so
way, it sounds ridiculous.”
“Oh.” Dean nodded. “Yeah, that was a pretty shitty move on my part –.”
Cas nodded, and then squatted to dig through his bag for something. Dean furrowed his eyebrows when he saw a pack of Marlboro next to another pack of Lucky Strikes, as well as a mini first-aid kit. Cas pulled out the pack of Marlboro and stood up.
is, but…but it’s you. You’re here, and you brought me pie, and you filled my apartment with fucking
"Dean?" Cas asks, and his – well,
Cas’s face lights up, “We’re having a baby,” he says, wrapping and arm around Dean’s neck with a dazzling smile. “This is really happening.”
know, yes, she’s cute. She’s got blond, curly hair, and pretty eyes, and when she laughs, I just…” Sam trailed, smiling, and Dean couldn’t help but be happy for his brother.
It was Dean’s turn to look surprised. “Wait, Cas, do you not remember?”
Dean’s phone was already in his hand, so he unlocked the screen and typed: Hey little bro, u busy?
He had just spoken to her over the phone. A week, maybe two weeks ago? Granted, it hadn't been a pleasant conversation, but Dean is always relieved to hear that she and Ben are okay.
he knows your name.”
Cas’s feminine voice startles Dean; he’s still not used to the sound. He tries not to act surprised when he sees her, though. “Kevin,” Dean laughs awkwardly, feeling like he’d just been caught reaching for the proverbial cookie jar. “It’s nothing. Time for lunch?”
Dean laughed again. Cas became slightly concerned with how comforting the sound was.
“You’re… you’re awake,” Dean said quietly, moving one hand to ghost over the side of Castiel’s face.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
Biology lecture that morning was absolutely ludicrous, in Castiel’s opinion.
“Um… Can we get our pasta now?” he asked, looking between the two siblings.
"Cas, Sam and I can take care of ourselves. The important thing is, you came back. You're safe. You're here now."
“I don’t understand why my own
Ketch clears his throat, takes a sip of his water. “Yes, especially when I did not have one when I came in this morning.”
Dean emphasizes, trying to sound encouraging but unsure of how much he believes his own words. “No one said it would be easy, right?”
“I’m fine,” Cas muttered, falling back against the leather of his seat and placing a hand on his side. It was beginning to hurt. “I need to take my meds.”
“Shut up,” he says gruffly before slamming their lips back together. Cas goes to reach for Dean again, only to have his wrists pinned on either side of his head by Dean’s hands.
Castiel’s lips curled into a smile, “Well, I’d rather not talk about this in a public bathroom. Can we…go home?”
“Cas? Baby, come on, say something. Castiel? Cas!”
"Happy birthday, Dean!"
"What?! Bobby, you can’t -."
“A pretty one, that Dean Winchester. Looks like you got lucky.”
"Honey?" Cas asks, tilting his head, "What's wrong?"
They had just made it inside their dorm room when Castiel was about to respond, but then Dean dropped Castiel onto his bed, laughing and throwing himself down beside him.
“You’ve been talking to Gabriel?” Castiel asked, surprised. They’d only met a few days ago, and it didn’t seem like Sam liked Gabriel at all. “Did he do something? I swear, that boy –.”
Dean groans, “What the hell was that for?”
“You’re not something to put up with, Dean,” Cas corrects, “You’re the man I love. There’s no one else I’d rather spend forever with.”
“Okay, first and foremost,” Dr. Bradbury continued, “please,
“I’m always exposed when I’m with you.”
of all people?” Cas sighs, exasperated. If Dean can accuse him of cheating at this stage in their relationship, are they even ready to get married? “I don’t even know what to say.”
“No –.” Anna began, but Castiel cut her off.
of me, alright?” Cas quipped as Dean rolled him out of the hospital’s double doors in a wheelchair.
“Hello?” Balthazar answered.
“Cas?!” Dean asked, and Castiel heard a chair scrape on tile floor as Dean stood from his seat and hovered above him.
“Yeah, yeah,” Kevin sits up and claps his hands together, “Lay it on me.”
“You definitely curtseyed.” Cas said again when they got to the Impala.
“This isn’t fair. You think you could get an extension? I mean, you’ve got a pretty legitimate excuse.”
wouldn't happen! Do you know how hard that was? Walking away from them, after everything they did for me?"
“I told you, man, the chick at the counter said his name, and the guy called him his boyf- no, he’s not with him right n- would you listen for a second? Just shut up!”
That seemed to get Castiel to stop moving so sporadically, so Dean tried touching his face again, and this time, Cas let him.
“What? It would have come up sooner or later, angel. Now it’s out of the way.” Dean said sweetly.
” Dean mutters, taking a few steps away and sighing deeply. Cas can see him struggling with what to do next. He watches Dean run a nervous hand through his hair as he paces for a minute, then he pinches the bridge of his nose in an exasperated manner before he marches back up to Cas, determination in his eyes. Before Cas can protest, Dean is manhandling him into a darkened alley on the side of the building and slamming him against the brick wall.
Cas took the bottles from Dean and placed them on his bedside table, turned on the lamp, and then sat up some more to further inspect his hand. He brushed at his skin lightly, then turned his hand over and sighed. “If you fell, your palms would be scraped, and they’re not.” Cas looked up at Dean, blue eyes pleading. “You’re lying to me.”
Castiel’s mouth drops open at that, and okay, Dean is being a bit harsh, but it’ll be worth it. Cas just doesn’t know it yet.
Cas returned from the hallway bathroom to find Dean sitting on his bed in their shared room, holding one of his many plaid shirts. He wanted to ask if Dean was okay, but the look on his face made it clear that he was not. So instead, Cas walked over to his side of the room and rummaged through his poorly thrown together suitcase, looking for a towel. After finding one, he dried his hands and face and hung the towel on the corner bed post.
“Hey, Jack,” Cas nods.
“Resilient,” Lucifer said proudly. “Your presence is much louder, you stand up taller, you aren’t so sheepish… someone must have whipped you into shape!”
“Whoa, crap!” Lisa exclaimed, the collision having caused her to drop the pile of snack boxes she’d been carrying.
Dean looks over at Cas, ready to respond with a harsh comeback, but the angel actually looks
“What I feel for you,” Cas repeats, like it’s no big deal, like it doesn’t make Dean want to bolt right then, like it doesn’t make Dean’s heart skip a beat. “I have feelings for you, Dean. Our bond is…”
“No, its fine, really, I understand. You don’t have to pretend you’re still thinking about it.”
“I’m okay,” he said, and Dean was certain that his boyfriend was the worst liar on the planet.
Cas’s eyes snapped up to meet Dean’s, and all at once, Cas went from calm to panicked. Wide-eyed and scared, he started hyperventilating and looking around wildly, as if he was trying to find a way out. He grabbed at Dean’s wrist and squeezed hard, nails biting into freckled skin.
“No, silly,” Cas replied, laughing. “I just want your opinion on something. Sam suggested something to me and I’m considering it.”
Dean couldn’t tell if Alistair was bluffing or not. He’d helped beat up Cas, so Dean figured he’d have no problem stabbing someone. He couldn’t afford to put Cas in any more danger, either.
“I do, I was just –.”
“Yeah, man, I wrote mine this past weekend,” he shrugged. “He passed out the rubric a week ago, you were –.” Kevin stopped suddenly and looked down, playing with the pencil in his hands. “You were, uh, at the hospital that day, I think.”
Cas visibly frowns from across the room.
Dean jogged down the hall to where Cas stood waiting near the staircase.
Turns out, taking care of a ten-year-old boy is not an easy task. Not that Dean had
“Why don’t you come find out?”
“It’s as if you are just messing with us for your own pleasure. You’re supposed to be teaching us, Professor, not torturing us.”
“Is it?!” Cas sounds almost angry, and Dean feels guilty as all hell. He
SO SO SORRY FOR THE LONG WAIT, college is a struggle, BUT HERE IT IS! I hope you enjoy it! (p.s. there's some fluff at the end so THERE) <3 Thanks again for reading! Love you all!
“I mean, it’s the most ridiculous thing anyone has ever done for me. You must have it bad.”
“You’re staring,” Cas answered.
“Alright, I yield, or whatever,” Dean wheezes, his body protesting against supporting the weight an entire angel, and when he opens his eyes, Cas is panting, and chuckling.
“Shut
asks for coffee. It’s been said that he likes to brew it at home himself, drink it during his commute. Rumor has it that his fitness coach brother has him on some sort of smoothie diet, which is why his physique is so godly.
Cas huffs a tired laugh, looking at Dean through his lashes, then he says something the hunter doesn’t expect.
Dean sighed, “Balthazar is trying to be strong for Gabe and Anna, and me, I suppose, but his resolve is slipping. Keeps asking where your father is… And Anna, man, she is miserable. Whenever I call to update her, I know she’s been crying. Gabriel, well,” Dean chuckled, “he’s drowning himself in booze, so you’ll have to wake up and kick his ass for being an idiot. That’s his incentive, I guess.”
"Shut up, Sam," Dean barked, marching up the steps and towards the door. "Just cover me, okay? But I'm telling you, it's just Cas."
"Alright. Uh, be careful, man."
“Why, what’s wrong? Does something hurt? Did I drive too fast?”
“M-maybe some other time, alright?”
He steps into the room, sits on the edge of the bed, bows his head, and prays.
“You know who – you
, oh no no no, dude,” Dean points, and a laugh escapes him, “This is Cas.”
“Looks aren’t everything, Dean.” Sam scoffed, stabbing a fry into his ketchup. “But if you
Castiel vowed that he would not make the same mistake this time around.
Charlie smiled. “I just… I have a feeling that whatever Castiel is going through… it runs deep. Now that we’ve opened up a backdoor to his past, he might feel less stable. So keep an eye out.”
“Where we going?” Dean asked, almost tripping, trying to catch up to his younger brother.
Alrighty, lovelies, you guys have officially caught up. Now you will be on the same posting schedule as those who read my fic on Tumblr. I've recently started my final year of university, though, so I am often quite busy, and will be until winter break, but I'm gonna try and get chapter 22 to you guys by the end of the week, okay! I'll discuss the posting schedule in the endnotes there.
Cas tossed the butt of his cigarette onto the pavement and turned his head to look at Dean. Dean almost had to look away because Cas was giving him that
Dean was leaving today.
Ben has no clue what he’s asking for. Dean? As a father? It’s laughable, really.
– to say something, but Cas held a hand up. His left hand was wrapped in a white dish towel covered in red splotches.
“What? Wait, right now?”
want for us?”
and frankly, he could get used to that.
“Yes. I already set up the appointment for Monday afternoon. Dr. Bradbury has an office downtown, and instead of taking a bus, I figured we could…go together? I know you have to work but I can always beg Balthazar to give you a day off… Unless you don’t want to,” Castiel said quickly. He’d figured Dean wouldn’t want to go, anyway. He wasn’t the
Dean sighed, “Dude, that sucks. I’m really sorry, Sam.”
he thought. That urge.
“I…I remember…” Cas started, sounding absolutely
Dean shakes his head, “No need to involve her. I want
“Were you at a party or something?” Cas asked, and Dean could tell by the way he was asking that Cas honestly didn’t mind his drinking, didn’t think of it as an issue at all. Now he felt even worse.
Except, apparently, Dean isn't at work.
“But this isn’t some dance, this is your
Cas whined, blushing.
Dean was at a loss. His thirst for revenge was battling his need to keep Cas safe, and it made his head hurt.
maybe?!”
Carrying their plates, Benny cleared his throat loudly to get Dean and Castiel’s attention. Their hands moved apart so quickly, it was as if they had never touched. “Just roommates, having dinner together. Sure. Of course.” He placed their plates in front of them, and then turned to mouth something in Dean’s direction, to which Dean responded, “Oh, fuck off, Lafitte.”
“Water would be great, actually, thank you.”
"...What!?"
Dean isn’t sure how much time has passed when they finally break apart, but they’re both panting when the do. Cas is looking at him like he’s the most precious thing in the world, and Dean’s first instinct is to shy away, but Cas doesn’t let him. He places a warm hand on his neck and pulls Dean’s chin back up with his thumb.
that’d be it, he’d be done for, because Cas would have his heart in the palm of his hands; Cas would be the first thing on his mind in the morning, and the last thing he thought about before he went to sleep every night. Once he said those words, he’d be open and bleeding and vulnerable at all times, ready to be picked apart for the sake of
"Dean?"
Sam laughs again. Dean rolls his eyes.
And now, more than ever, Dean needs to make sure that Cas is safe.
“I thought that one may be too much. How about Freckles?”
“Gotta run,’ Dean winked, “angel’s calling.”
and quickly regains his composer.
Sam scoffs, hitting a few balloons out of the way to look Dean in the face, “Do you really have to ask?”
“Now? You sure? We still have some time, Cas.”
“To the funeral?”
“I don’t understand what is so funny, Dean,” she says.
“You two are early,” Sheriff Mills greeted as Castiel and Dean walked into the office building. Police officers rushed around them, carrying coffee, bagels, and classified documents.
“Mhm,” Cas hums, pinching salt into a sizzling pan, “Lunch should be ready soon.”
"Dean, you said you weren’t ready."
“Yeah, whatever,” she replied, and then, “maybe you can take me out to dinner, instead?”
Dean laughed and shifted his body to lean on his elbow. He let go of Cas's hand to rest his arm around Cas's shirtless middle. "Yeah, Cas, that's normal. Comes with the whole human thing. We crave affection or whatever."
just fine; you have a significant other to care for you now. It’s something else…something from long ago that’s made you this way.”
lost –.”
“He is pretty, isn’t he?” Cas agrees, “I don’t think he realizes it.”
Dean steps around Cas to enter their master bedroom. He pulls his own phone out of his pocket and places it on the charger on his bedside table, then picks Cas’s phone off of the dresser and turns off the alarms for the next three day.
"I believe that you, too, are uh… cute."
“I’ll hurt you,” Dean pleaded.
“How’s the traffic now? Are you almost here?” Cas asks.
“Baby, I was
and Cas’s body reacts before he can stop himself. He sighs into the kiss, and his hands find Dean’s waist, sliding around to his back and pressing their bodies even closer. It’s all too much and somehow still not enough, but soon he’s running out of air and breaks away to catch his breath.
“The pharmacy?” Sheriff Mills queried, raising a brow at Castiel and then Dean, “Is there something we should know, Winchester?”
“It’s okay,” Castiel soothed, putting his lips to Dean’s temple. “I’m alright, babe. I’m not going anywhere.”
One tear managed to fall, but Cas wiped it away with the pad of his thumb before moving his hand to behind Dean’s neck and massaging the tense muscle there.
Apparently, that was all it took for Dean to break down. He almost threw himself over Castiel, wrapping one arm over his abdomen and the other clutching at his side. Dean’s face was tucked into Castiel’s neck, and his eyelashes tickled Castiel’s jaw, but he didn’t mind. He wrapped his good arm around Dean’s form and placed his hand on his back, trying to comfort him. He was sobbing, and Castiel heard him repeating his name,
Dean hated sounding like he was begging for mercy, but he could NOT screw this up. Not twice in one day. Not with someone he might actually really like. As a friend, that is.
“To take a shower. Thanks for breakfast.” Dean walked out of the kitchen without looking back. He grabbed some clothes from his bag on the floor and headed for the bathroom. He heard Cas calling his name before he closed the door. There was a soft knock a few seconds later. Dean had anticipated as much.
“I’m very tired,” Cas says softly, and then yawns. “How long until we arrive in Kansas?”
Dean pulled back far enough to look Cas in the face. “Your uncle Zachariah? Balthazar’s dad. I don’t think you ever told me the whole story there.”
Castiel was about to mention that he loved Dean, but then he remembered that Dean hadn’t said it back. His shoulders sagged a little, thinking about that, and he decided that he would rather not discuss his love life with his boyfriend’s little brother – Dean would probably lose it if he found out, anyway.
“The hospital?” Charlie queried, “Did something happen?”
the muscle. “You’ve got nice legs,” Cas said, his voice an octave lower than it had been seconds before. Dean suddenly realized what was happening.
"I’m saying," Cas stands, "Ever since we got married, you’ve been in control. And sometimes, I like that - love it, even - but what about me, Dean? What about what
Dean’s entire body went rigid.
Sam, Dean, and Kevin were all sitting in the main hall when there was a knock at the front door the next evening. Dean, because he didn't want to deal with his
Friday’s, he saves for Benny Lafitte, the mayor’s personal chef. Dean swears he almost fell in love with that man after eating one of his dishes. He went to pay his compliments, got an earful of his southern drawl, and practically fell to his knees right there. Although, usually, it’s the other way around.
Dean thought, snickering. He pulled out his phone and sent Sam a text: Word of advice, Sammy - Never leave your towel unattended in those shitty community bathrooms.
“I’m scared,” Dean admitted.
Dean smiles back and says, “You’re cute,” again, before he can catch himself.
“You worry too much, Clarence,” Meg sighs, “You won’t lose your job. Men want what they can’t have, right? After this, everyone will think you’re unavailable, and suddenly you’ll be a hot ticket item, and right on Mayor Handsome’s radar. He’ll want you even more.”
“Dammit, Cas, I don’t need protecting!”
After about a minute, Cas looked up, eyes still filled with sadness, but half-smiling at Dean.
“Oh, no, of course not! Shows me that you’re gonna be a great employee!” Balthazar patted him on the shoulder before walking behind the cashier counter and motioning for Dean to follow him. He wore a grey v-neck, jeans so tight Dean himself felt uncomfortable, and dress shoes. His British accent made him sound cool, so Dean didn’t mind listening to him speak.
A part of him hoped he was just dreaming.
“Oh,” Cas replied, biting his lip.
“What?” Castiel hadn’t thought of that.
On Christmas Eve morning, Dean wakes up to an empty bed and the sound of retching. In seconds, he’s knocking at the door of the master bath, on high alert.
“Yeah, I know, but – you know what? I’m gonna go back to bed and try to wrap my head around this. Dean, you’ve got this, right?” Sam doesn’t wait for a reply. He turns around and stalks back toward his room, shaking his head as he does so.
“Very?” Sam chuckles, “What did Rowena want with you?”
Ben looks down at himself and smiles, “Thanks.” His eyes roam around the room and inevitably land on Cas. “Hi,” he says with a wave.
Cas only nods against Dean shoulder and holds him tighter. After another minute, Dean moves them to the couch to sit down, settling Cas comfortably between his legs as he leans against the arm of the chair.
“Fine. Whatever.” He put his hands up in defeat, then slammed them down on the table, startling Dean out of the trance he had been in.
“I am, indeed, sure,” Castiel replied, placing one hand on the side of Dean’s neck. The gesture surprised Dean, but he found himself leaning into the touch. Cas’s blue eyes were locked onto his, and Dean had to remember to breathe. “I’m going with you.”
“They weren’t my choice to begin with,” Cas huffs, blowing a strand of hair away from her face. It’s then that Dean realizes how close they are, and it feels like a shitty romcom – Cas hanging on to the lapels of Dean’s jacket, Dean holding Cas steadily by the waist, the wind tousling their hair, their faces inches apart…
“You can be, sometimes,” Cas corrects, and Dean glares at him.
much."
operation
“Yes!” Dean’s smile was prominent now and he pulled Cas into a hug. “It’s a good thing, angel.”
“That’s what you are, right? I mean, for now, technically.” Castiel bit his lip. “We don’t have to do labels if –.”
Sam shakes his head, "It's not really up to me, dude."
"I do, Dean. I'm sure you and Sam spent a long time searching for me, I just... I did not want to be a burden for you. I did not want to put you in danger."
“I’m so getting him back,” Dean says aloud.
Dean sensed something different about the fallen angel - the way he spoke, and his voice in general. It was scratchy, deeper.
Cas is looking at him with a depth that Dean doesn’t even recognize. It makes him nervous and uncomfortable but he can’t bring himself to look away. The weight of Cas’s hand is warm and heavy, and Dean can feel the hairs standing on his arms.
it to be easy.
He remembered Gabriel had asked, once, why Castiel had changed – why he was actually doing what Uncle Zach told him to do, why he was following orders instead of just doing what he thought was right. He’d scolded him then, told him that he shouldn’t be asking so many questions. At 11, Gabe wasn’t very resilient, so he didn’t demand answers. Castiel was glad for it. But Dean wasn’t Gabriel; Dean was his soul mate.
“Yes, well, that’s all good and dandy, but you’re only supposed to be here for another five minutes.”
I’m not seeing anyone but you, Dean, and for you to
listen to this, but Cas charges on.
at me, in front of everyone, yanks the scalpel away, the nurse calls a code over the loudspeaker, the cardiac fellow runs in, someone pushes me out of the room, I don’t even remember scrubbing out and leaving, but I just –.” Dean shakes his head, tears forming in his eyes again. “I froze. I didn’t know what to do, I fucked up, and a man almost died because of it.”
And that was that. He had walked away, the crowd had dispersed, and Dean was left, fists clenched, against the lockers, wondering what the fuck had just happened.
Castiel’s body still feels cold, but everything is so
“You’re telling me! I have to read these things all day, and let me tell you, it is not fun,” Tessa responded. “But I think I can make these out. Your boyfriend must have just had surgery or something; these are pretty strong drugs.”
“Cas,
Dean wasn’t sure when he’d dropped the bag he was carrying, because his reflexes took over and he found himself pulling the man from the front of the pharmacy and hauling him by the collar of his sweater back around the corner. The student yelped in surprise when Dean shoved him against the wall, wedging his forearm underneath the man’s chin and pressing hard.
“I knew I disliked him for a reason. That man is ludicrous,” Castiel stated, walking back to his bed. “I’m still trying to catch up!”
Dean was walking back into his room when he realized that he hadn’t told Sam about Lucifer. He decided that it was better that way; Sam probably had enough on his mind, and he could always just tell him later.
“I’m sorry…what?”
“And you didn’t contact the police…” Rufus began, crossing his arms, “because you were threatened. What exactly did this nameless person say to you?”
Cas furrows her eyebrows and Dean sighs, explaining, “Clothes, Cas. We need to go shopping.”
“Dean, what are -? Whoa!” Dean pulled a right that Castiel was
“Fine, let me make it up to you, okay? I’ll buy us dinner tonight. Campus food sucks, anyway.”
“No,” he said simply.
old t-shirts, leaning against the door frame.
“You leave that boy alone,” Castiel warned, and felt Dean’s hand tense up in his own, so he clarified. “He’s clearly too good for you,” Castiel said, somewhat sarcastically, “and he’s already interested in a nice girl.”
It wasn’t until the student took the pen he was chewing on out from between his lips that Castiel noticed his mouth.
“Anna,” he said again, serious.
“We should probably get out of the way,” he chuckled, and Dean smirked.
There’s a flutter in the air and Dean stops walking.
Dean had actually laughed,
), and some time to kill, so he’d offered to sit and wait with Dean.
"I’ve been trying to find information on Lisa’s death," Cas responds casually, "I assume you would like to know what killed her, so that you can, as you say,
It's been a few years since then, both of them now extremely busy and neck-deep in their residencies. Dean specialized in cardiology, while Cas chose neurology.
Dean turned his head and spotted Bobby on the front steps on the house, hands in his pocket, looking the same as always. With one more glance at Cas, he stepped out of the car, Cas following suit. Bobby walked down the steps to greet them both.
Castiel wondered why they never spoke about that moment, and then realized that they probably wouldn’t talk about this one either – Cas’s head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s lips resting near Cas’s temple, their hands – wait,
He hesitates a little at first, and it’s awkward since Cas is holding a pie the size of a pizza between them and his lips are still cold from outside and Dean’s never
Cas nodded, making a sound that resembled a response before gathering his things and leaving a moment later.
“Legacy?” Cas and Dean asked in unison, and Gabe beamed.
“I understand,” Cas hisses, a little breathless.
or something?”
"You’re proud of him. Like a father would be."
“That’s very thoughtful,” Jack observes, “People buy things for people they care about, right?”
” he growls
Dean's face is unreadable at first. Then he looks at Cas like he's hurt, but it quickly turns into annoyance. He glances at the table, then down at his shoes.
“But Anna, last month when I asked you if Dad knew you were working, you said – …so you lied to me? Why didn’t you just tell me that? I could have… Anna, come on, I wouldn’t have freaked I just – well yes, because you shouldn’t be home alone! You’re only 17 and you still need superv- … Okay whatever, can you get a hold of Dad now?” Dean heard Cas sigh then, and opened one eyes to see Cas let his head fall into his hand as he moved his legs up to rest his elbows on his knees.
“You’re adorable,” Dean smiled, patting his cheek. “Let’s get to this appointment, now. I might have to run a few stop signs to get there on time.”
Cas nods again, suddenly unable to use his words. He waves Arthur Ketch over and ushers him into the office.
This, he was prepared for. Cas stepped close to Dean and pulled him up until he was standing. He moved Dean’s hands from his face and held his wrists so he couldn’t walk away.
“I’m sorry, angel, I just… I ran into someone, while I was there, that’s all.” Dean didn’t want to lie to Cas, but he couldn’t handle explaining what had happened.
“Of course, sir, right away,” Cas says quickly, then zips out of the office and heads straight to the office kitchen, where he immediately pulls out his phone to text Meg while he starts up the coffee machine and pulls a water bottle form the fridge.
"Are we still going to Michael’s Christmas party tonight?"
Cas nods again, and Dean pulls at his hair a bit.
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief when they arrived at Dr. Bradbury’s downtown office in one piece, with a couple minutes to spare.
“Abuse? What abuse? The attack? Are you remembering what happened?”
They eventually get up from the couch and attempt to make dinner with the food that Cas bought. It takes twice as long and they almost burn their meals because they can’t seem to detach from each other, kissing and touching at every possible moment. Dean gets a vase from the top shelf and Cas puts the flowers in water at the center of the table. They sit next to each other while they eat, Cas holding Dean’s left hand, rubbing the ring with his thumb.
How his brother could still read him so well after all these years baffled Castiel; although, he
"Hah! That’s an understatement -."
“Cas…” Dean tried again, “I understand –.”
Cas thought.
Cas sighs, “If you’re implying that I attempted to bake something and it didn’t work, then yes, I lost. But I don’t understand; I followed the directions to the letter!”
It takes almost five minutes, but eventually, Dean gets himself to move. He marches toward the living room with unnecessary urgency, but he can’t risk Cas leaving for something as stupid as a kiss. Not that the kiss was stupid. If Dean wasn’t such a coward, he’d admit that he had actually wondered what it would be like to kiss Cas, quite a few times, in fact.
” Cas whined, and rolled his eyes, then hissed when a bit of shampoo got in them, “Fuck.” He moved to rub his face with the back of his free hand, but Dean stepped into the shower then, hoarding Cas toward the pouring water so he could wash the soap out of his eyes.
“It’s not… that simple,” Dean muttered, running a hand through his hair. When Sam looked at him expectantly, he groaned and set the bottle of Pepsi he was holding down between his shoes, and then placed his head in his hands. “Alright, alright, I’ll talk if you stop looking at me like that.”
“Dean, please,” Cas begged, “just give me -.”
“Hey, what’s up?”
“Anna didn’t,” Dean replies after a while, and Sam raises a brow.
“I’m not
Sam hangs up the phone with a shaky, "No, I'll tell him. Thanks, Bobby."
“Anything,” Cas begs, and Dean can’t help the wave of desire that passes over him. God, he
"Bobby has a point, Dean," Sam says softly.
“Like hell, I’ve forgotten,” Cas bit back. He felt lightheaded and hurt, and he didn’t want to yell at Dean, but Dean couldn’t leave yet. Dean didn’t walk away from arguments.
“Did you get anything?” he asked, remembering that the whole ordeal had been recorded.
"You’re an idiot, you know that?" Sam laughs, and then rushes forward to tackle his brother to the ground.
Looking away, Dean bit his lip and nodded slowly, but then he looked back up at Cas and shook his head.
“I’m going to shower now,” Cas continues, ignoring Dean’s complaint. “See you both later.”
“Whenever you’re ready,” Rufus replied, “We’re all set up here. Everything is going to be recorded.” He turned from the monitors on the wall beside them and looked at Cas. “Look, I know this is probably one of the hardest things you’ve ever done, but don’t let him get in your head –.”
Sam’s eyes flew open. “Why not?!” he blurted, before closing his eyes once more. “I mean, continue.”
Dean and Anna stopped giving each other looks (having eye sex, basically) and turned their heads back to Castiel.
“I am! Just an observation,” he let go of Gabriel’s hand. “I also happen to know about your infamous legacy here.”
“Gabriel!” Cas scolded, coughing a little.
Castiel sped up, wondering what was going on. What he saw made his mouth drop.
When Cas’s breathing evened out again, Dean relaxed into the mattress, enjoying the weight of Cas’s body against his. He buried his face in Castiel’s dark hair, inhaling the scent – lavender mint, or something. He sighed, and tried not to think about their appointment later. Dean could feel a change coming; a big, ugly change, and he wasn’t sure if he was ready for things to shift just yet. He held on a bit tighter to Cas and took a deep breath.
Cas whips around so quickly that the spatula in her hand goes flying, clanging as it hits a cupboard, and her hip knocks the cookbook down to the floor with a thump.
and Dean’s not sure what to do about it.
“It is, yes,” Cas responds with a nod. She’s wearing her outfit from the day before, sans the trench coat, and Dean realizes that she could probably use some new clothes.
Cas sighs, placing her hands in the pockets of the trench coat. “I’m not entirely sure. I fell, and when I landed, I was in this vessel. I looked for Jimmy’s body, but it seemed to have disappeared. “
“You really didn’t have to do this,” Dean reiterates.
He let out an audible groan before collapsing face first onto his bed. Before long, Castiel was fast asleep.
“Hold on, you had Rowena give you some sort of love magic so that you had the balls to flirt with me?”
Sam texted back a minute later: Yeah, thanks jerk, I could have used that advice an hour ago :(
Well, ex-angel.
to think about Cas as he does so.
They’re standing out in front of the crowded bar, where anyone within a twenty-foot radius has a clear view of them. They aren’t celebrities by any means, and Cas usually tries his best to stay out of the spotlight, but he knows people recognize Meg. Which is the whole point of this, isn’t it?
Dean thinks, and immediately feels an ache in his chest. Cas has nothing – no belongings, no possessions – just the clothes on her back.
"In a couple days, I’d say," Dean replies, equally as quiet. "He’s still hurtin’, that much I can tell. But the past two nights, he hasn’t come running to me in tears, so." Dean shrugs, a mixed feeling filling his chest - part sorrow, part…pride?
It’s Friday, the last day of school before the holiday break, and Dean expects his first graders to be loud and rambunctious all day. Luckily, school lets out early, so he doesn’t expect it to be that bad. He plans on stopping by the mall before heading home in order to find his husband the perfect gift, or gifts, although he has no idea what to buy. He’s asked Cas’s sister, Anna, for help, and she’s agreed to meet him there.
Dean,” Cas stated firmly, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I’m here
"Moody?"
Cas paused, and then spun around to face Dean again. Dean hadn’t much moved, but now, on top of his concern for Castiel, he felt guilt. Misplaced, his mind told him, but he ignored it. Cas must have somehow gotten the memo, because he began apologizing repeatedly.
Dean laughs and lets go of Cas, turning to lead them out of the store. “Yes, Cas, I’m aware. I call everyone dude, alright? Don’t take it personally.”
“Nope, I’m home for the entire weekend. There’s no need for you to wake up early to do
won’t happen again.”
Unfortunately for Castiel, his biology lab was a small class, so when he arrived late, his professor already knew his name.
When Bobby calls a few days after they've wrapped up a hunt, Dean doesn't expect it to be about anything important.
"Dean Johnathan Winchester, if you don't open this door right now, I swear to God!"
angels go through a sex change when they fall?”
Castiel’s eyes went wide, “He… wait, so you just happened to walk by one of the ruffians who…who did this to me, and you had a nice little conversation with him!?”
It’s an odd request, but it’s not like Dean was going to sleep anyway.
“What?” Dean slapped a hand on his chest in mock disbelief, “I thought I was the best boyfriend ever!”
“Sorry, I meant no, Dean and I have finished. I won.”
“Hello, Dean,” he said, with an air of indifference that made Dean roll his eyes.
It was Sam’s Junior Prom. He wanted to take a girl – Ruby, her name was. Dean thought he would be a cool big brother and let him drive instead of dropping him off.
“Sarcasm, Cas,” he said, chuckling and pulling Cas along. He let go of him for a moment to open the passenger side door of his baby before shuffling Cas inside,
"Dean…" he starts.
“Why isn’t she wearing pants, again?” Kevin’s voice cuts through Dean’s thoughts.
“You’re short,” Sam deadpanned, and Dean choked back a laugh.
Dean thought, still grinning.
“Well what are you waiting for?” B poked his head out of the door to look at Dean, who put down the cassettes he was holding.
“Please, call me B. It’s much simpler, and you’re sure to pronounce it correctly.” Baltha – B, winked. Dean didn’t know what to think of it, so he busied himself with stuffing his keys into his pocket. The Brit spoke up again before walking back into the storage room, “Feel free to roam about the shop if no one’s buying things. We usually get students from the university coming here for a quiet place to study. I don’t mind if you bring school work, either.” Then, in a sing-song voice, he added, “As long as the cus-tom-ers aren’t com-plain-ing, neither am I.”
“Hey, you guy have a debate paper due in a week, remember? This should
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Are you sure?”
decided to pull us out of class early,” Castiel began, cocking his head in Dean’s direction.
“Dammit,” Dean murmured against Castiel’s neck, reaching for the shower knob to stop the water from running.
“Yes, yes, I just texted him. I’ll see you soon.”
Ben’s eyes go wide, “Really!?”
“I hear ya, man, I hear ya,” Dean laughed, then turned and reached for Cas, who was standing gingerly behind him. Cas didn’t want to interrupt the bro-fest and had moved out of the way, but Dean had remembered him. He smiled a little.
“Cas, as much as I enjoy the whole um, holy tax accountant vibe you’ve got going on, I think you need some new digs.”
“Oh, come on, man, I was just –.”
Pleased, almost, as if this was some charade, a silly game.
believe that I’d, what, cheat on you? With
“I’m sorry,” he blurted, his entire body sulking. “I’m so sorry, Cas, I –.”
Dean remembers saying that. He also remembers only half-meaning it, but of course, Cas was never one to pick up on sarcasm.
“Me?” Cas asked, so quietly that Dean had to look up. Cas sounded puzzled, but more than anything, he looked hurt. He fiddled with the sling on his arm, adjusting the strap and avoiding Dean’s gaze. “What did I do?”
Not with Dean, but with himself, for being so helpless, for being a victim to his own
It only takes a few seconds before the hooting and hollering starts. Cas keeps his eyes closed but he can hear people snapping photos with their cameras and whisperings of,
He had his car and his best friend. He could do this. He would be okay.
