“You’d miss the work too much, I suppose,” John said. “Excluding the mess that brought us here, I can’t imagine there are too many murders on this island.”
John’s head was spinning. “I—” he started again. He didn’t mind her laugh
“It hurts,” Sherlock said, because it did.
“Haven’t the foggiest,” John said.
*           *           *
“One room?” the bored-looking attendant asked John as he checked them in. The man barely spoke English and John spoke absolutely no Polish, so they were communicating largely through gesturing and speaking loudly in a language neither one of them understood.
You’ve made it hell for my career—
“Whatever sort of danger she’s in,” John said, “the thing she thinks is too dangerous for me, she’s wrong. I can protect her. I
“Yeah,” you say. “I suppose I did.” The two of you carry on looking at each other for what feels like the longest moment of your life, and you have no idea how you’ve gotten so lost so quickly.
“Right,” John said, staring down the stovetop kettle and regretting everything. He didn’t actually want tea, but convinced himself that having something warm and familiar in his hands might help to calm what was still a racing heart and unsteady fingers.
Sherlock jumped up onto his chair as well, his knees knocking John in the back. “
Sherlock decided it best he tested his hypothesis that he was in bed and not flying. The most direct way to do so, he figured, was to open his eyes. He was fairly certain that he didn’t have his eyes open. Either that, or he was somewhere impossibly dark. No way to know for sure. That’s what experiments are for, anyway. And Sherlock fancied himself a bit of a scientist.
John shook his head again.
Mary was crouched just next to them, hunkered behind the kitchen table. She flipped the table to act as a shield of sorts and had produced a handgun from god-knows-where. She appeared to be unharmed. She had herself positioned on a knee, toes pointed to the ground, prepared to spring. She clutched the gun tight with both hands, aimed towards the blown-open wall, fingers pressed to the trigger. Her face looked as if it had never once held a warm, kind smile. She looked like a stranger.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed. “I shouldn’t have…” he started.
“Small,” John said. He didn’t know the first bloody thing about boats. “White. Kind of like a speedboat.”
“There wasn’t another way,” John said. “For either of us.”
Still, as boring as the surgery is, at times it manages to demand enough of your attention to knock the not-homeless man out of your mind. Today a bloke came in because he had a pen cap stuck up his nose. Young-ish bloke, but about two decades too old to get a pen cap stuck up his bloody nose. Been in for a day, he said. Thought he could get it out on his own. Couldn’t. Started to panic. You get the tweezers. It’s out in a minute, followed by a fountain of snot.
“That’s the one,” John said. He couldn’t find it in him to grin nearly as widely as Hugh and Birdy were grinning, and from the looks of it Sherlock couldn’t either.
Sherlock grappled with John’s jacket, wrenching it off his shoulders, down his arms. John released Sherlock just long enough to wriggle out of it and Sherlock tossed the thing to the side. It collided with something on the counter and several objects crashed to the floor. Sherlock had never cared less about anything in his life. He tore at John’s shirt, barely registering the buttons that popped from their stitches. John tugged at Sherlock’s shirt, his belt, his trousers. Everything was disorganized, messy. Something else tipped over on the table, rolled, met the edge and careened to the floor. More breaking glass. Sherlock laughed. He hoped they’d destroy the entirety of the kitchen. He wanted everything in the flat to be in pieces by the time they were done.
“Gilly.” John strained against his restraints. The rope had worn a gash into one of his hands, and he could feel blood trickling down his arm. He didn’t care. “
“I was gathering information,” he says. He’s still looking directly ahead of himself, his eyes sharp.
“Was I not clear before?” Sherlock growled. “I don’t need your assistance.”
, it worked.
“Christ,” John said, rubbing his hands over his eyes. “What the hell did we get into last night?” He tried to think on it, but the brain that he may or may not still have was comatose. He remembered pints, and later whiskey, but at the memory of pints and whiskey his stomach performed a little acrobatic trick and he decided that he was done trying to remember anything at the moment. It seemed that the best course of action was to remain very, very still and very, very quiet.
This is meant to be sung to the tune of
You’re saved by the bartender.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, and before John had a chance to brace himself, Sherlock gave him a rough, two-handed shove onto the mattress. John landed twisted around on his side, a sharp
“One.”
“Fine,” John said, in a voice that didn’t exactly support his assertions. He squeezed at Sherlock’s hand, as if that proved anything.
“On your left shoulder,” he says, pushing your shirt open. “From a bullet.” And he sounds bored, as if you just described a common feature of all male anatomy. He did know about it, of course, but in your experience knowing about the thing and actually seeing the thing evoke two distinct reactions. Indeed, his eyebrows lift when he sees it, a swirling, raised mass of old anger set into your skin like a knot on a tree. You sigh and sit back. Give people time to adjust. Space to stare. They need it.
Conor had loads of questions for the two of them about the Taibhses, how they turned up dead, and what the sheep had to do with all of it. Sherlock answered his questions with the air of a tremendously put-upon man, pretending he wasn’t thoroughly enjoying himself all the while. John nudged him as he began to provide a bit too much detail about the particular mechanics of death by drowning. Still, Conor stared up at Sherlock with unblinking eyes and a look of awe. John had a feeling that the lad had developed another Blasket Island hero aside from Pierce Ferriter.
“Anything in particular we’re to do while we’re in town?” John asked.
“I know,” Sherlock said. He shifted slightly inside of John, the gentlest of pushes forward, and John sucked in air as if he were dying.
John wrapped his arms around her waist. “That sounds about right.”
“I can’t
“What the hell do you want from me, Sherlock?” John snapped as he clambered down the stairs. “Do you want my attention one hundred and ten percent of the time? Do you want me to forgo my personal life, sleep, meals, bloody showering, all so I can focus on
John nodded. “I do.” He squeezed at Sherlock’s hand. “I do. God, Sherlock. I do. I have. Always.” He swallowed. This next bit was the painful bit. “But, Sherlock—”
“Yeah,” John said, his tone short. “I got that, thanks.” He sent a quick text to Gilly.
John turned, staring out the window to blink away his angry tears in peace. “Whatever you want,” he said, his voice a bit more gravelly than he would like. “It’s always whatever you want, Sherlock.” When he swallowed, it felt like knives were in his throat.
Sherlock was smiling down at John. “You see?” he said. “Just be patient. They’ll grow comfortable with you.”
John would ordinarily be bothered by this, Sherlock reminded himself. John was never one for grand displays of sentimentality, and tended to keep any sort of embrace to under two-point-five seconds. He was likely to break this particular embrace at any moment, and Sherlock was determined to hold on until that moment came. Instead, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock in turn, tipping his face into Sherlock’s neck and heaving out an unsteady breath.
“Loads,” Sherlock said, sounding bored. “Gambling. You can tell by his clothes.”
“Unless,” Sherlock said, the words so quiet it was difficult for him to even hear, “we don’t want to.”
John stared at Sherlock’s empty chair and watched it grow blurry before his eyes. Everything inside of John was burning, stinging, sliced open, about to overflow. He could barely breathe, let alone speak.
Lucy rested her head on John’s leg.
for fic updates and general Johnlock merriment!
“Unforgivable,” Sherlock said, but he was already tugging off his clothes.
“That’s…” John furrowed his brow. “That’s right before we met.”
Sherlock gestured at him with a hand. “Gun,” he said.
“You might not,” Mary said. “Lose him, that is.”
“Oh.”
Sherlock was busy at Gilly’s body, using some of the scraps of rope to bind her hands behind her back. “I don’t suppose you called the police?” he asked.
John made a pointing motion with a flat hand, gesturing towards the back of the house. “Twelve o’clock?”
John started, but his brain was still a bit too disjointed to finish the thought. His body was slipping away again, exhaustion reclaiming his muscles.
“Oh,” John said. “Right. That too, I suppose.” He rubbed at the bridge of his nose. “Bit of an awkward piece to forget, that.”
“Good,” Sherlock said. “So you’re amenable?”
John’s head snapped back to Sherlock. “What?” he asked.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him in closer, faster. He adjusted his hips, tilting them further upward. Sherlock’s cock nudged against his prostate and John let out a cry. “I can’t…” John breathed, barely able to form proper words. “I can’t believe you’re here.”
A little smile flickers over the man’s face. “Problem?” he asks.
John was just grateful that Daugavpils was less than a three-hour drive away.
Sherlock considered screaming into a pillow, but he still had a bit of a dull headache and decided not to risk it.
Sherlock was still looking at his feet, which was well and good with John because his eyes were properly overflowing now. The face of the old anger had fallen off, and it might have been a mask the whole time, hiding away an emotion that defied categorization because it was somehow comprised of seven emotions at once and was turning John’s body into a trembling, soggy mess. It felt like needles. It made his nightmares seem like a walk in the park.
John’s body stilled slightly. His heart was still pounding and his chest was still heaving, but Sherlock could feel things starting to slow, dip towards homeostasis. John’s head rolled towards Sherlock. A tear slipped out of the corner of his closed eye.
“This cesspool was our stomping grounds,” said Sherlock.
“What else?”
“I just want you to not be dead,” he said, more breath than words, to the space where Sherlock wasn’t, “so fucking badly.”
**This is the ONLY scene that will feature ANY degree of dub/noncon for the rest of the fic!**
“Why’d you move my bedside table?” Sherlock asked.
. A thousand apologies for the lack of actual lizard suits in this fic.
Sherlock lifted himself out of bed. He found his trousers and pulled them onto himself. The fabric pulled and stuck to his tacky skin. He didn’t care. He moved down the silent hallway and into the empty kitchen.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Please,” he said. “It’s formulaic. Your blog posts practically write themselves.”
Sherlock pulled back slightly, his fingers still tracing along John’s cheeks. “So,” he said. “Does this mean that you agree with my perspective now?”
Sherlock.” John paused on the steps, sending a hand out to brace himself against the wall. Sherlock waited as John panted, fingernails digging into the wallpaper. Sherlock wondered if they were to spend the remainder of their evening right where they stood, moving up the stairs at an approximate speed of one per hour.
“No such thing,” Sherlock said. “No amount of luck would have kept us from being murdered by the Taibhse Brothers if they were on the island, or if they sent someone here to do their bidding. They once broke the neck of a nine-year-old child on the off-chance that he witnessed one of their robberies. Turns out, he hadn’t.”
John looked up at him, scanning his face for clues. John was notoriously bad at scanning for clues. “So we agree, then?” he asked.
“You drive me bloody mad,” John growled.
“You’re going back to her,” Sherlock said. His voice sounded unfamiliar.
You sham at being a robot yourself sometimes, going through the motions. Beep boop. You wake up in your little bedsit, make your tea and toast in the morning. You walk down to the Tube stop as the shops roll up their grates. You glance at the new graffiti on the brick spaces between the shops. You can spot when the paint is new, but it doesn’t really matter in the end. It isn’t meant for you. Just like the advertisements down in the Tube stop—Magnum ice cream bars and insurance companies and fancy new mobiles—aren’t really meant for you either. They’re meant for people with money, of which you, incidentally, have virtually none.
“You speak, as usual,” Sherlock growled, “of matters about which you know nothing.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Suit yourself.”
The urgency faded and their mouths slowed against each other. It was time. John planted one, two, three small kisses on Sherlock’s lips, those gorgeous lips. Then it was all over.
isn’t,” John said, but he gave up the fight nonetheless. Sherlock’s arms rested upon both of his shoulders as he navigated to the blog post in question. He settled his chin on the top of John’s head.
“Um, yeah,” John said, doing his best to ignore Sherlock. “Head back down this road,” he pointed back the way the man came, “until you get to Oxford Street. Turn right. Follow Oxford for just about a kilometer, until you get to Orchard. Turn right again. You’ll come up on Baker Street in just under a kilometer. Speedy’s has a burgundy awning. Can’t miss it.”
Sherlock had to start making predictions about where Mary was heading next, rather than where she just was. Otherwise, he and John would chase her around the globe for an eternity, and John had Rosie to consider. Sherlock was reasonably certain that Mary would be making a move to somewhere in Scandinavia soon. Helsinki seemed like the best option, but he couldn’t rule out Stockholm either. Finland or Sweden. The wrong choice could cost them considerable time, time they didn’t have. John needed to return to Rosie soon. Sherlock put feelers out to the few Scandinavian contacts he had, as well as several of the local ne’er-do-wells in Estonia. So far, nothing.
The dull roar of the journalists outside the flat could be heard through the windows. There were occasional strobes of camera flashes that flickered through the room, and their shouted commands were a wordless din that sounded more like the rush of traffic than humans attempting to speak. It was oddly nicer, John thought, to have a wall between himself and the media frenzy for once.
Gilly made a little sympathetic noise at John’s barely-cobbled-together smile. “You don’t like it when the two of you are at odds, do you?”
John took Mary to Sherlock’s gravesite. It was a fairly big deal—John hadn’t been back himself since Sherlock’s funeral. He couldn’t bear the sight of it, the slick granite slab boasting the name of a man who should never be stuffed underground. It was time, he figured, for him to visit again. He and Mary had been together for some time now. He decided that he loved her. He bought a ring. He was going to propose.
” With that, he tore from the bedroom and clattered down the stairs, leaving John blinking and bleary behind him.
You sit up, watching him as he practically leaps into his trousers. Every bit of skin slipping into clothes and away from your sight is breaking your heart. You’re losing him once more, and you categorically are not ready.
Sherlock was a single-celled organism.
“Well,” John said, eyes still on the mattress. “As it turned out, he sustained a number of serious blows to the head. Broke his nose. Lost some teeth. Likely in need of stitches in a few places. Hospital seemed like a good first stop before the station.”
“Such a lovely way to fuck you,” Sherlock said. Indeed, they had taken advantage of that particular position several times, in several different locations around the flat: in the kitchen, with John’s chest pressed against the table, sending the glassware rattling to the floor; in the shower, practically ripping down the curtain and getting water just about everywhere; once, after a particularly heated cab ride back from a crime scene, just past the front door, John’s trousers barely pulled past his thighs, Sherlock pushing his fingers into John’s mouth to keep him quiet. It was all unspeakably wonderful.
Art by
It was a real damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don’t scenario, and Sherlock wished that Moriarty
So forgive me if I’m being cruel,
alone,” you say. “You aren’t lonely, but you’re alone.” You run your hand down his body, following lines of muscle down his neck, his shoulders, his biceps. Your eyes land on a patch of scars along his arm, just at the crook of his elbow and down his forearm. Little circular scars, the tiniest of dents in his skin. Made from needles.
Sherlock nodded again, slower this time.
Lucy went on looking at him. She took a step closer.
only. Knowledge. Wisdom. Tips.” He rolls his eyes. “They strongly discourage me from performing any investigations in an official capacity without a member of Scotland Yard present. But in order to obtain information, one
I have led a lengthy life this way,
His mate grunted as he released his bandage, grabbing at the engine with a bloodied hand. He gripped the crank and gave it a solid yank, air hissing through his teeth at the movement. The roar of the engine screamed through the cave, momentarily deafening. The boat lurched through the water just as the shorter man tossed the anchor onto the floor with a wet thunk, easing through the cave opening and out into the daylight. The larger man squeezed at the tiller with a slightly shaking hand, half propping himself up on the thing as he steered the boat through the water.
Sherlock quirked his head to the side. “Weren’t we?”
,” Mrs. Hudson spat. “You realize you’ll have to leave him? Move out of the flat?”
we’re lost and we haven’t a guide.
He also very much needed silence. And air.
“This is
“I’m married,” John leaned closer. He planted his hand on the other side of Sherlock’s head, uncrossing his legs and shifting into kneeling.
Sherlock looked disgruntled, but Angelo left them to their meal with a conspiratorial wink.
—” John started, but he wasn’t exactly sure why he was arguing for his flatmate to be starkers when sharing a bed with him so he decided to stop talking.
never.”
John rubbed at his eyes with the heel of his hand. “Jesus, Sherlock,” he said. “Are you really surprised that your death hurt me?”
“Correct,” Sherlock said. His voice sounded as if it came from a long distance away.
Sherlock shrugged. “A best man is always prepared.”
“So there’s another person Declan pissed off, then?” John asked.
Mary smiled, a sad, final thing. “Goodbye, John.”
“I had individuals who were impressed or infatuated with my talents,” Sherlock said. “But I never had anybody who chose to stay around because of
you.”
John caught Sherlock’s hands. He forced Sherlock to meet his eyes. “I’m fine, Sherlock,” he said.
John did something like smiling. “I know,” he said.
“A disproportionate sacrifice,” Sherlock said, burrowing closer. His nose pressed against John’s shoulder blade.
“Care to share any of your theories with me?” John asked. He had precisely zero theories, himself.
.” Sherlock’s voice cracked across the speakers. John could see what was left of Sherlock’s cool mask fall away, panic coloring his features in screaming greens and yellows.
me was a helpful way to keep me asleep?” Sherlock snapped. “Well done.” The room was properly dark now, but Sherlock pressed a hand over his eyes all the same. Better safe than sorry.
Sherlock sham all sorts of little characters at this point in their friendship. This version of Sherlock—the doting, overly-affectionate boyfriend—was functionally the same as all the other personas Sherlock adopted to obtain whatever he needed for a case. The sobbing friend of a missing person. The terrified victim of a mugging. The sleazy drug dealer. Once, a shady circus clown. The difference was that this one seemed to be directed at John—
Sherlock shrugged. “You like the seals,” he said.
Sherlock remained still for a moment, allowing his body to adjust to John. There was a twinge of pain to it, the sweet ache of a stretch, but the feeling was fading into something different, something lovely. Sherlock could feel sweat beading along his temples, down his chest. He rolled his hips and John shifted inside him and the both of them let out a moan that seemed just out of their control.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes John,” he said. “
“You’re allowed,” John chuckled.
“Of course I know how to
“Dental floss,” he said, pulling out items one by one. “Paracetamol. A…deck of cards?” He shrugged. “Right then.” He sank his free hand into Sherlock’s other pocket, stepping even closer as he dug through the items contained within. “Cigars?” He raised an eyebrow at Sherlock. “Neither of us smokes cigars.”
“And the not-talking bit?” John continued, doing his best to ignore the violin and what it happened to be doing to his insides at the moment. “For days on end? Not once. You talked constantly, Sherlock.
If Sherlock still had ears with an eardrum and a cochlea and a basilar membrane and an auditory nerve he would have heard the front door close and footsteps plod their way up the stairs. If he still had a temporal lobe and a limbic system and a hippocampus he would have recognized the footsteps as belonging to John. But he didn’t have any of those things, being a single-celled organism and all, so he neither heard nor recognized John as he entered the flat.
Fitz went on smelling the air. He seemed to be as happy as any dog could be.
need?”
the letter said.
Still, John wondered if he had enough leeway to rub his wrists together, creating friction to fray and snap the ropes. It would take a while, but it was worth a shot. He slid the binds together, hearing the tug and the scratch as he worked the ropes frantically against each other.
, Sherlock said to the photograph in his hand, his voice quiet.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And the two of you had the audacity to call
“Fine,” John said, shrugging off his jacket and tossing it onto the floor. “Fine. Your way.” He lifted his jumper over his head, turning his hair into a muddled mess once he popped free. “Always your way.”
Mary’s face cleared, a calm understanding fading over her features. “Sherlock,” she said.
If you come to me with patience, love
He was panting and sweaty by the time he reached the café, but he still didn’t pause for breath. He eased the door open as quietly as possible, slipping silently inside. The place was empty and quiet, all tourists long since moving back down the hill towards the harbor.
Time to be somebody no one will know—
Right.
John sighed, pinching at the bridge of his nose. “Jesus, Sherlock.”
“You won’t,” John said. “You won’t hurt me. Move, Sherlock. Fuck me.” He shifted his hips against Sherlock and felt Sherlock’s cock slide deeper inside him. His body was acclimating and the stretch was receding and Sherlock felt glorious in him, filling him like the two had been made for exactly this. He shifted his hips again and Sherlock’s arms gave out. He dropped to his elbows over John, a little whimper escaping his lips.
“Mary—” John started.
And it was slow again, so slow John thought for certain he would implode from it. Yet that first stretch as the head of Sherlock’s cock eased inside him was so sweet John nearly forgot how to breathe, sucking in air in tight gasps without ever exhaling. Sherlock slid inside, easing into him, filling him up inch by agonizing inch and it was so perfect, so infuriating, so wonderful and not enough, not enough by far. John reached back for Sherlock with a blind hand, trying to grab at his hips, pull him inside faster, harder. Sherlock caught John’s wrist and tugged it around his chest, interlacing their fingers and holding him tight, holding him still.
“Be patient,” Sherlock said.
“Good to know,” John said. “I think I’ll start counting now. From three. If you don’t put your gun on the floor and slide it over—nice and slow, I think—you’re about to have a few more problems.”
John wrapped a hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck. He pressed their lips together softly, gently. “You can think whatever hare-brained thing you want,” he said. “You can think that narrowing the contestant’s choices down from three somehow creates a one-in-sixteen likelihood of being correct. You can think that the real prize of the lot is the goat. You can think that Monty Hall was secretly a cross-dressing mermaid who sea-witched his way into growing legs and running a game show. I don’t care.”
do I still have to explain this to you?”
of bread and warmth and tea,
“Do you know what day of the week it is?” Sherlock asked. “Do you know where you are?”
“The thing is,” John said, “all this time, this time we’ve been married…” Time, time. It was time. “I’ve been in love with someone else.”
“Well you know how the two of you are,” Lestrade said.
. John’s brain spun, his heart rate starting to pick back up for different reasons. He thought of all the different things angry gangsters could have done to break Sherlock’s back open, to make him tear and bleed. “What did they do?” John asked quietly. Knowing seemed better than the wild theories his brain was spinning.
Sherlock shook his head. “Not always,” he said. “You won’t always be.”
“I don’t know what to do,” he said to her.
“You're all right,” John said again.
His mobile buzzed in his pocket. He lifted it out, read the message on the screen. His contact, finally getting back to him. About time, really.
“Or not,” John said.
Lestrade laughed, a desperate,
“I love you more than life,” Sherlock said.
have his way in this situation and immediately eliminated the first dozen or so comforting-John plans that came to mind.
“Mary,” John said. He set his tea firmly down on the table, met her eyes. “I am with you. Okay? Not Sherlock. You. You are the person I proposed to. You are the person I am set to marry.” He gave her a stiff nod. “Okay?”
He was breaking.
“I’ve always enjoyed your company, John,” Sherlock said. He wasn’t looking at John. His eyes were on the sea, on the seals dragging themselves from the water to lay lazily about them. John had a feeling that both saying these things to him and making eye contact weren’t simultaneously possible for Sherlock.
“It’s your handwriting,” John said again. The paper shook in his hands. It was on the verge of fluttering to the ground, his fingers useless. “It’s your handwriting. It is. But how did you…?”
“Were you two really that gone?” Lestrade was asking. His questions didn’t seem to be directed entirely at John. “God,” he said. “You must’ve been. Sherlock was nearly incoherent once the two of you got to the station. You were practically unconscious. Oh Christ…”
“Obvious?” you ask. The two of you are still walking—a bit of muscle memory on your part, because you certainly aren’t looking where you’re going anymore.
Sherlock’s eyes darted down to the linguine, then back up to John. “And?”
“We thought he might quit,” Darren said. “Realize that the isolation wasn’t for him after all and back out of the job. But he seemed to get on just fine. Until...you know.” Darren pointed at his own head, the spot where the bullet had ended it all for Declan.
“An eight-year-old?” John asked. “You’re taking the case of an eight-year-old?”
Gilly wailed something into her hands that sounded awfully similar to
The landing was dark. The place was still. There was no light on in Mrs. Hudson’s flat—she must be out for the evening. Just as well, John figured. He did not feel like explaining his sudden appearance in the flat at the moment, on the off-chance that she took his ramblings about flyers and tourists and a bloody
“If it hadn’t been for Mary,” John asked, “if I hadn’t been with anyone, would you have said something? Would you have told me what you wanted?”
“John...” Sherlock said. For once in his life, he looked remorseful.
As the group moved closer, the sheep turned and trotted slowly back to the field behind them, uninterested in interacting with strange humans at the moment. One sheep stayed behind, a smaller ewe—still a lamb, likely—with wavy wool sprouting from her body and nearly touching the ground. The ewe remained cautiously in place, blinking at the approaching group with glassy eyes. Darren and Claire paid the sheep little mind as they opened the door to the café and ushered Sherlock and John inside.
“Okay,” John said. “Here. Man says his dog has been—” John hung his head, not even bothering to finish his sentence. “Fine. You’re right. These are all rubbish.”
.” With that, she hung up.
Sherlock woke up to a brain-eviscerating headache and John taking his pulse.
“So we’re in agreement, then?”
You can’t say any of that, certainly.
“I want to make you come,” Sherlock whispered against John’s mouth.
“Well,” a voice said beside him, “I wasn’t exactly an ordinary person, now was I?”
“Isn’t it terrible?” Gilly said. She stood at the foot of the bed now, looming over John and Sherlock’s prone figures with her knife twirling in her fingers. “Dishonesty? Disloyalty? Such a blight on our society. I can’t make people more honest,” she tossed her knife in the air, catching it with ease, “but I
“Have you ever been with a man?” Mary once asked John.
Sherlock continued on with his string of inventive curses.
“I believe Rosie is still asleep,” Sherlock said. He rubbed at John’s stomach with the sheet.
John thought.
It seems like he was addressing that last bit to himself rather than you, but you respond all the same. “Maybe you’re wrong,” you say.
“The other bed isn’t made up,” Sherlock said. “This is easier.”
Mycroft said,
You feel your face start to burn. “What?” you ask. “No. That’s not—”
“I want my fingers in you.” Sherlock’s words were more breath than sound, and John shook as the vibrations danced across his ear. He nodded emphatically, his face still pressed against the pillow. The bed squeaked, softly but noticeably.
“Probably sounds mental,” you say, pretending to look at something very interesting just to the left of you.
The bottle sailed just to the left of the tree, but the shooter jumped out of the way anyway, darting to the right and aiming his gun directly at John. Cracking noises rang through the air as the shots fired.
John tried to say something, something he hadn’t fully planned out. Something like an excuse or an apology or some lie about how he was fine, it was just a nightmare. What came out sounded a bit more like a strangled whimper than actual words. John thought he might have heard something like Sherlock’s name in the sound, but he couldn’t be sure.
“No bother,” John said, doing his best to stumble his way through an Irish accent. It still came out a bit like a pirate, so he figured his best bet was to say as little as possible.
“I have no idea,” John said, “what the hell you’re talking about.”
John smiled.
John’s legs weren’t fully cooperating with his brain. He blinked a bit, swaying as he tried to get his body to move to follow Sherlock. Claire was grinning at him from the back of boat where she was seated, a knowing look in her eye.
“Not just that,” Sherlock said. “Me.
John had said.
“I have no idea what to say to your mum tomorrow,” John said.
*           *           *
Sherlock’s face hardened.
John forced his legs to haul him along the field and up the hilly path towards the west end of the island at a decent clip. They gave out a dull ache but mostly complied; it seemed as if his body was finally growing used to all of the climbing. He crested the hill and stared out at the expanse of island before him. Another long hike today, it would seem.
“Was Serbia the worst of it?” John asked. He very much needed the answer to this question to be a
John’s eyes opened and met Sherlock’s and it was as if he was seeing Sherlock for the first time. He looked astounded, like he was gazing upon a miracle.
John kissed at Sherlock’s jaw. “I shouldn’t have accepted Gilly’s proposal,” he said. “I didn’t want to. I don’t even know why I said yes. I knew it was a mistake the moment it happened, and—god—Sherlock, I never wanted to hurt you.”
“Are you going to fuck me?” John asked.
“Yeah?” John pointed at his closed laptop. “You’re going to help rewrite this one then?”
“Some would-be bank robber managed to land a punch on me after I interrupted his bank robbing,” Sherlock said. “He happened to be wearing a ring at the time. A rather thick one. Shaped like a snake for some reason. I believe it was the tail that got me.”
yes, I look good in red!
,” he gestured again, “until one or the both of us dies. Preferably the latter. Were you aware of that?”
And John went harder, fucking himself on Sherlock’s cock with all he had. Sherlock thrust up into him, pounding into his arse with violence, knocking the breath from John’s lungs over and over and over. It was like plowing through angry waves again, undulating and tumultuous. It was dangerous but John was sturdy. He crashed down against Sherlock and his hull shuddered but he would hold together through it all. He was built for this.
“You were trying to catch him?” you ask.
It’s nonsense, what you’re saying. You are fully aware that you are speaking nonsense. You wonder if he managed to give you brain damage somehow.
Sherlock nodded in greeting and Hugh sidled up next to their table, grinning madly. With him was a woman who looked rather like him, just shorter and with a bit more hair. She was grinning madly as well.
They walked through the café downstairs, although Declan didn’t leave much of a footprint in that area. The space behind the wooden bar in the café was largely stocked with provisions for tourists—bottles of water and packaged snacks. A large chalkboard boasted the various offerings and pricings in a scrawled text that matched Declan’s handwriting in his journal. Most of the decor—rickety tables and ancient photographs—seemed to belong to the O’Sullivans and looked as if it had been there long before Declan arrived. There was a little storage closet that housed extra bits of food—canned goods and other nonperishable items—as well as extra candles, cleaning supplies, and linens for the cottages. A bag of feed for the sheep. Sherlock didn’t need to declare the lot of it dull; John could tell by the expression on his face.
Sherlock turned away as well. “I was an arse last night,” Sherlock said. “I didn’t mean all of it. Most of it.” He scratched at his shoe, his eyes fixed on his fingers. “Love may make fools out of us,” he said quietly, “but it certainly isn’t idiotic, John.”
A handkerchief had already materialized in Sherlock’s hand and he dabbed at her nose. Sherlock grasped at Rosie’s shoulders and lowered himself to her eye level. “I am proud of you, Watson,” he said, “for your recollection about the early stages of decomposition following death. I have one small correction related to the process of rigor mortis and the length of time you predict that the boy has been dead. Now—”
“Jesus,” the cabbie said as the two of them slipped into the back of a taxi, tracking dust and plaster in their wake. “What happened to you lot?”
“Why do you want her back in London with you, John?”
John’s mobile buzzed again.
is what’s bothering me?” John asked. “Not that we’ve split up. Not that I lost my wife. Not that I’m pining or heartbroken or what-have-you. No—it’s that we couldn’t even make it one bloody year.” He shook his head at the papers spread out before him. “What do I even do about that?”
Sherlock’s coughs are becoming less violent as he sucks air into his lungs. He rolls forward and pushes himself into kneeling, hands pressed to the floor. His breaths are still ragged and unsteady, but the blood is starting to leave his face. You rub at his back.
two is blue, but three is glee,
You’ve got a decent mental map of the city, but even you’re starting to lose your sense of where the hell you are. By now, the streets are getting smaller and there are fewer pedestrians to dodge. It’s a bit easier to get a read on people walking the same path as the two of you. It’s mostly people on their mobiles, headphones plugged into their ears, unlikely to lift their head if the world was falling down around them, but there’s someone else too. A lean man with ginger hair, quite a ways ahead of the two of you.
“I can’t very well leave you back at the cottage, now can I?” Sherlock snapped. “Not when we’re expecting a serial killer. So now I’m carting you around like an oversized piece of luggage.”
“You feign enough interest in your own romantic life,” Sherlock said, whipping the electric kettle towards the sink so quickly the cord shot out of the wall, “all I ask is that you steer a little in my direction for a few short hours so that we can solve this case. Maybe save a life,
, Sherlock. If I hadn’t been there to grab you…” His voice choked off. He didn’t even want to think of what would happen if he hadn’t been there, let alone speak the words out loud.
“You said you weren’t enough,” Sherlock said. “You said you weren’t enough to keep me in London, but you’re wrong. You’re the reason for it all, John. Why I jumped. Why I fought. Why I stayed alive. Why I came back. You.”
“I dreamed of you,” he said.
“Sherlock,” John gasped.
Hearing Sherlock say it out loud to another person, not just in the privacy of their flat—that sure was different, now wasn’t it? John felt like he might have started sweating at some point. “Boyfriend,” he repeated, and he was midway through his handshake with Hugh before he realized he hadn’t actually said his own name. “John,” he corrected.
“How do you know my name?” you ask.
John ran his hands over his face. “I’ll get her,” he said, heaving himself off the bed.
You came to me with nothing,
“Learn anything of interest on the mainland?” John asked, setting the boxes on the table with possibly a bit too much force. He was rather more out of breath than he’d like and his legs ached. He wondered if he would ever get used to all these bloody hills.
Sherlock grimaced. “I see that.”
Sherlock’s heavy arms drifted to John’s legs. He rubbed his hands up John’s thighs, practically feeling the warm, course material of John’s trousers underneath his fingers. John was stronger than he looked. The muscles underneath those trousers were noteworthy. “That line of inquiry is also irrelevant,” Sherlock said. Finding his voice took effort. John’s eyes were the only thing of beauty in the room.
John shook his head. “What do you mean,
“That would be some trick,” Mary said.
Arms next. He flopped again. He felt an arm swing, and the fingers that were a cooler temperature than his other fingers noticed a slip of air as they apparently moved. Dangling. One of his arms was dangling off something. Not a cliff, hopefully. No, not that. He would feel the rocks press against him if he was dangling off a cliff. What his arm was dangling off of felt soft, giving. And the not-oppressive thing covering him felt soft as well.
“Very amenable,” John grinned. “Provided you kiss me in the next five seconds.”
Thanks for checking out this fic! This fic has six chapters, and I will post one new chapter each day from now until the 29th. Follow along if you'd like!
John made a noise that wailed above the wind, his head tipping back onto the sofa. The whole of him was stinging and hot, Sherlock splitting him open. He felt his body warring with itself, oscillating between fighting the intrusion and accepting Sherlock in. It hurt, and it was finally what he needed, the thing that could overpower the ache.
He shook it, and it took him an embarrassingly long amount of time to remember that he ought to say his name too. “Doctor Watson,” he said. “John.”
Sherlock leaned forward, crowding further into John’s space. “And what would you know about honesty?” he growled.
, John thought, his mouth nipping against Sherlock’s,
John wasn’t a stranger to the dreams. Before Sherlock’s fall, the dreams would crop up every now and then, rearranging the furniture in John’s mind and leaving him alone to sort himself out.
John’s hand gripped tight to Sherlock’s, pressing the palm of his hand flat against his chest. John’s heart pounded madly against Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock could feel the world thundering around him, a throb of pulse.
“Breath…thingy,” Sherlock said. He couldn’t remember the full name. “It tells you about alcohol and…your blood.”
Sherlock stopped in the middle of the path, whirling in all directions, searching for the source of the sound. John ran closer, opening his panting mouth to give Sherlock some sort of warning, some instruction not to run blindly towards a bloody murderer with a gun absently swinging in his hand. Just as John neared, Sherlock swung his body around, seemingly identifying the direction of the sound, and plunged into one of the old buildings, disappearing into darkness.
Sherlock murmured against him. “You’re sure?”
“Exactly how many of our wedding guests have you personally threatened now?” John asked, pulling out a chair to take a seat at the table inexplicably cluttered with even more wedding-related papers.
“No,” John said. “I’m fine.”
is interesting.” He slid forward on the table, moving closer to John. Sherlock’s knees were on either side of John’s crossed legs, effectively bracketing him in. John shifted, uncrossing his legs, doing his best not to think about how their thighs were nearly touching.
John’s mobile dinged in his pocket. He sighed.
John had only known Sherlock for one month and the man had already left him at a crime scene six bloody times. John supposed that after one time most sane humans would have learned their lesson or perhaps taken the hint, which had John seriously doubting whether or not he was a sane human. Most of the time, it was only a small bother—he could usually hail his own cab or hop on the Tube and ride back to Baker Street or wherever the hell Sherlock was. Today, however, it was a bit more of a bother. Sherlock had dragged him out to the middle of nowhere to look at tire marks on some dirt road, only to pop up from the ground with an
“This is perfect,” Sherlock said, looking around at the nothing that surrounded them. “We could be murdered in the middle of the day out here and we wouldn’t be found for weeks.”
“Right. Nicely.” John thought. He found that he didn’t have many nice things to say to Mary at the moment. “Yeah. Still no clue what to say to her.”
“Oh?” you say. You’re sure this will all make sense shortly.
Sherlock opened his eyes. Front-facing eyes, useful for depth perception. He tilted his head to the side, his eyes seeing, sending visual data through his optic nerve and into his occipital lobe where it could be processed, catalogued. He saw John’s face, so close it was nearly touching his. John’s graying hair was in a spiked disarray, his parted lips red and slightly swollen, his cheeks tinged pink and lifted in a smile, his breath still coming in a bit heavy through flared nostrils. It was a lovely sight. John’s eyes, the color of clear skies, looked back into Sherlock’s with recognition.
“How do you think the fires get made back at Baker Street?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s a two-thirds chance that the car is behind the remaining door,” Molly said, her voice a faint squeak. “The contestant should switch.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked, in that way he had of asking a question that wasn’t really a question because he would get to the bottom of it himself. “When one is binning things for a move or for spring cleaning, one chooses to rid oneself of meaningless possessions, items to which one has no emotional attachment. Items one can let fall by the wayside. But when one is cleaning house after a loss, particularly a loss one wishes to forget, it’s quite the other way around, now isn’t it? One rids oneself of the items that have meaning, the ones that bring about a pain one no longer wishes to feel.”
All along the walls of the sitting room, hanging over the fireplace and the sofas and even part of the window, were the photographs of the mutilated sheep. The candlelight flickered over their glossy sheen, perfectly illuminating the gore for all to see.
Sherlock’s eyes remained closed. His lips were pinched between his teeth. He nodded again.
Sherlock settled down on the pillows, burrowing underneath the blankets and shutting his eyes. “I wouldn’t
Sherlock kissed John’s smile, feeling his lips part but his smile remaining. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and sighed against him and kissed him with all he had. Sherlock settled himself against John and took him in, tasted him, their bodies pressed flush together, tucked in each other’s limbs. John’s smile was still on his face as they separated, but it had an awed quality to it, as if a part of him had only recently realized he wasn’t still dreaming. Sherlock smiled back, nipping at John’s lower lip.
was the mistake. Well. Not a total mistake, I suppose—I got Rosie out of it—but…” He shook his head, refocused. “Not the point. I thought that was what I wanted, but it never was.” He stepped forward, grabbed at the lapels of Sherlock’s jacket, steadying their mad flapping in the wind. “The whole time—this whole bloody time—it was you, Sherlock. What I wanted. You.”
“Make sense of me?” Sherlock asked. “Did you sort me all out? Organize me neatly in your little mind?” There was a slight sneer to his words, as if the notion that John might dedicate space to understanding the importance of Sherlock in his life was idiotic.
Sherlock shrugged. “If you’re into that sort of thing,” he said. He glanced at John as the two slid into their car. “Which you clearly are.”
Mary moved in close, squeezing his shoulder conspiratorially. “He does
. I was just…” He shook his head, abandoning that sentence. “I apologize.”
Mary had left it sitting in the center of the kitchen table. She must have assumed that he would see it immediately upon entering the flat. She must also have assumed that he would be back much earlier, when there was still some light in the flat. John snatched up the note.
“Don’t actually smile, John,” Sherlock said. “You look like an idiot.”
, coming so hard he glimpsed the stars.
John poked his head into the storage room to the side of the café. He spied some regular-sized towels and grabbed them. It was in everyone’s best interest that he and Sherlock avoid the little incident from this morning as much as possible.
“You should sleep,” John said.
“We fit together,” John said, “you and I.”
“Did you get a look at him?” Sherlock asked. John thought he heard irritated voices on Sherlock’s end, something like
He ought to blow out the candle, he knew. He ought to plunge the room into darkness so that the two of them could get some rest, so he could pretend that he was able to sleep through the tearing feeling in his chest. He didn’t move. He stared at Sherlock’s back instead, unable to take his eyes off Sherlock even as Sherlock was turned away. He wanted to touch Sherlock so badly his fingers throbbed, but he forced himself to settle for looking, watching Sherlock’s back rise and fall with his breaths. The scarred expanse of Sherlock’s bare back faced John, raised white stripes of skin standing out angrily along his muscles, the shadows of bumps and divots flickering in the candlelight. John followed the scars with his eyes, watching as they cut lines down Sherlock’s back. He could tell which ones were deep. Which ones had gotten infected. Which ones might’ve been deadly should Sherlock have stayed in Serbia much longer.
John was shaking his head at the ceiling. His breathing was going a bit unsteady. “Jesus Christ,” he said. “I've managed to cock everything up, haven’t I?”
,” John growled. His breaths were ragged.
The Great Blasket Island loomed in the distance, growing smaller with each moment. John could still make out the whole of it—the white sands of the beach and the boulder-like bodies of the seals, the fluffy dots of sheep grazing in the field, the dark patches of the ruined former homes of the Islanders of past, the Cró towering above it all. The waves crashed against the steep cliffs at all sides of the island and the wind soared into John’s face, reminding him of the violence of the Atlantic the island braced for, shielded against. It was wild, that island—wild and violent and dangerous. It was also beautiful, one of the most beautiful places John had ever seen.
“Christ,” John muttered to himself. Had the man—this supposed werewolf—scaled the bloody cliff to get to the sheep?
“For the record,” John said. “A simple
“I suppose you can have the paracetamol now,” John said.
John’s throat closed up a bit. “I…”
“I held on to the message,” Lestrade said, “because… Well, the two of you finally shagging actually won me quite a bit of money in a pool with some of my mates. I knew they’d want proof, and…”
Fucking hell.
“Why?” John asked, barely listening anymore, still straining for Sherlock’s mouth. “Why is it unfortunate?”
“Am I bothering you, my being here?” John asked. He was afraid of the answer to this question, but he still needed to ask. He couldn’t shake the feeling that he was making everything worse.
Mary narrowed her eyes at him. “Out with it.”
Sherlock shook his head.
“Of course not,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock did his best to smile, which proved to be a feat. He didn’t quite get it right in the end. “I’ll be expecting a lolly from you after the visit,” he said.
“Mary,” John said, forcing himself to open his eyes, to look at her. His wife. “This is the life I want. Here. With you.”
“But the CCTV footage keeps the Taibhses at bay,” Sherlock said. “At least for the moment. They are wary to let Declan know that they’re after him for fear that he will make good on his promise. And he’s already proven himself just foolhardy enough to do so.” Sherlock grinned, practically bouncing along the exposed beams of the floor as he paced. “It seems that there may be something on this island more valuable to the Taibhses than money.”
“You came charging in right after me,” Sherlock said.
” a voice huffed, grunted and labored. “
“I’ll bring you some wine,” Angelo said. “And a candle—for old times’ sake. Everything, of course, is on the house for Sherlock’s friend.”
only twenty-two months. John had mates die in Afghanistan who he knew for much longer and with whom he had been through just as much, and he couldn’t tell you the date he first met them if you put a gun to his head.
“There,” John said, letting out a sigh of relief. “All done.” He glanced up at Sherlock. “You did good, mate.”
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and John was grabbing for him even as he poured more oil over himself. John hitched his legs around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock slicked himself, positioning his cock at John’s entrance. He slipped two fingers, wet with oil, back inside John and John could have hit him.
Sherlock ran his fingers through the sweat that beaded on John’s temples. John had been rather delightful when he came as well, flushed and thrashing and panting nonsense into Sherlock’s mouth—profanity and praise and encouragement and, towards the end, desperate sounds, wordless and shuddering. “Is that so?” Sherlock asked. He touched his finger to his tongue, tasting the sharp salt of John’s sweat.
“Huh,” John said. The mess in the kitchen was effectively forgotten.
“The tea is really quite urgent,” Sherlock said.
“I know,” Sherlock said. John couldn’t quite read his tone. The two stood there for just a second longer before Sherlock released him, and they continued walking.
Sherlock murmured, kissing at John lazily. “I believe you’ll find me agreeable.”
Sherlock blinked again, but he found himself moving, slipping off his shoes and unbuttoning his shirt. “I don’t only sleep on the sofa when you’re in the sitting room,” he said, fiddling with the buttons of his cuffs.
because I look good
“I knew I shouldn’t be,” John said. “I knew I had…” he gestured vaguely, “people. But it didn’t feel like it. After you left it felt like I didn’t have anyone anymore. Not anyone like you, anyway.” He had felt homeless, John thought. Homeless and unceremoniously evicted from all that he loved, seeing as he was incapable of even eating dim-sum anymore, let alone ever setting foot back in Baker Street. And trying to move on—starting his relationship with Mary, becoming engaged—felt very much like trying to cobble together a home on a foreign land. John had tried, God knows he had tried, but there was always something that told him he didn’t belong there. “So when you weren’t dead after all, it was…” he scratched at his head, unsure exactly how to put it all into words. “As it turned out, I’d needed you.”
“Had a feeling you’d fight me on it,” John said. “Getting you up the stairs was nightmare enough. But seriously, Sherlock.” His fingers moved through Sherlock’s hair—slow, smooth. “What the hell were you thinking? Testing a cocktail for drugs by
“Not sure you’re meant to be up there,” John said, nodding at the table. Fitz ignored him.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock says. “It’s got a front-facing camera. No audio. We can move undetected, provided we stay out of its direct eyesight.” He moves behind the whirring thing, staring up at it with a little smile. His eyes glitter in the dim light.
“This doesn’t change anything, you know,” Sherlock said. His lips brushed against the nape of John’s neck. “Everything I said. It’s still true.”
He left the linens where they were.
“Mrs. Hudson doesn’t know what she’s talking about,” Sherlock muttered.
“Spare me the platitudes, please,” Sherlock muttered. His pacing brought him back into the sitting room and he was currently walking around the perimeter, embarking upon a deep study of the walls.
Sherlock ran his mouth along John’s jaw. He could feel the stubble against his tongue, hints of regrowth so long after John’s morning shave. “We ran into the alley,” Sherlock said. “We were breathless, laughing.” He nipped at John’s jaw. “Touching.” He felt John smile against him and moved his lips upward, kissing at the swell of John’s cheeks. “You were taking the piss because I passed out in that client’s flat.”
remain alive to tell the tale.” He punctuated this last statement with a jab of his finger against the journal, pushing the book into John’s lap. “They are ruthless in their methods. They take every piece of CCTV footage captured of them, even going so far as to murder the camera operator, if there was one. On the rare occasions they’ve taken members into their little family, most ended up either dead or in a permanent state of inability to speak.”
you’re such a lovely game, my dear,
John shrugged. “I don’t know. You barely eat as it is. I thought you survived on…” he waved a hand, “mothballs. Or something.” He started for the stairs. He ought to have a shower, he knew, but the thought of stepping back into even more freezing, pelting water was not particularly alluring at the moment. What was alluring was ridding himself of his drenched clothes, crawling into a warm bed, and preferably never leaving.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He turned back to the drawer, shuffling aside jumpers and socks without fully attending to them. “You still have the oatmeal jumper.”
“That’s the café,” Darren said, gesturing to the building Sherlock was examining. “One of the caretaker’s main duties is to oversee the café. No electricity, of course, so the offerings are slim. Coffee, tea, some nibbles. Guests still like it, though.” Darren moved towards the building and gestured for them to follow.
John didn’t like any of it, but he agreed with all of it.
Blue lights flickered into the room and danced along the remains of the walls, the whine of sirens on their heels. The explosion would bring the whole of London’s public servants, most likely—police and medics and the fire brigade and reporter after reporter after reporter. The lights filled the room. The sirens grew louder. The two of them were about to have company, and quite a lot of it.
“And back at that same flat,” John continued, flinging the shirt onto his body, “is my
you actually want to live it with,” Mary said, an eyebrow raised.
“With a child on the way,” Sherlock said. He found himself rather fixated on John’s mouth. Somewhere, the song was still playing, but the volume was lowering. Somewhere else, likely in reality, there was a bit of a commotion. Distant yelling.
kissed
John raised his eyebrows, letting out a breathy laugh. “Here’s hoping,” he said. He studied the tattered jacket for another moment before tossing it in the bin. It was fairly well ruined. Pity, John thought, it was one of his better jackets.
Sherlock’s eyes drifted towards the mattress, away from John. “I thought of you,” he said. “Today.”
matter. These things he just realized, they mattered quite a bit. His head was spinning with it.
“You weren’t wrong, Sherlock,” John said. “You have me. You’ve always had me.”
Mary sighed. She sat back in her chair, crossing her arms over her chest. “We had a dog once,” she said. “At my uncle’s, when I was a kid. A nice enough dog. Friendly. Docile. Seemed to just be a lump most of the time. Laid in the sun. Ate when he was fed. Occasionally could be bothered to play fetch.”
“You won’t be around to see it, of course,” Gilly said. “But I assure you, Sherlock, the two of you will be very much dead in a few short moments.” She considered. “Well. The term
The extra linens sat atop the bare mattress in the second bedroom, untouched and folded neatly. It would seem Sherlock hadn’t been to bed, then. John felt an odd comfort in the disuse of the linens—it was a bit more pleasing to his ego that Sherlock hadn’t slept at all rather than chose to sleep in a bed that didn’t have John in it.
He nods. His mouth has gone a bit tight. You wonder if this is where others have left—if they can make it through his sharp edges and biting observations, this is where they back away. These are the scars of his that give others horrified looks.
Angelo walked away, muttering something in Italian that sounded rather profane. John pushed a fork in front of Sherlock and nudged the torte closer.
needed a drink.
“Just wondering,” Mary said. “We’re to be married soon. Seems like the sort of thing married couples ought to know about each other.”
Sherlock nodded.
, John said.
By the time John made it back to the cottage with the boxes of food that he was somehow entirely carrying by himself, Sherlock had settled back into the place. He was currently standing in front of the wall of sheep and appeared to be staring at the glossy images without actually seeing any of them. The sun was starting to sink towards the horizon and the light in the cottage was growing dim. It would be time to set the fire soon, light the candles.
“When I write up this case,” he asked, “should I note it as one of your rare failures?”
It was a poor idea, Sherlock knew, but in his defense it was very far down on the list of comforting-John plans his brain had generated. “No tea, then,” he said.
Sherlock seemed to select where they would walk and the shops they would enter based solely on the number of human bodies already occupying said space, the more densely packed the better. More witnesses, it would seem.
“Any trouble breathing?”
Art by
his fault, more or less. It wasn't a lie. He was the one who kissed Sherlock at his stag-do. He was the one who walked straight to Baker Street tonight after learning that they shagged. He was the one who didn’t leave, the one who asked to remember. And he was the one who begged Sherlock tonight, who begged Sherlock to fuck him over and over again.
For the life of him, John couldn’t think of a single thing besides Sherlock.
“Christ,” John said. His voice was soft with astonishment. Seeing a new being spring into life wasn’t an everyday occurrence. It warranted a fair bit of awe.
“When we first met,” John said, his voice quiet and odd, “you said you were married to your work. You said you weren’t looking for a relationship.”
him, teeth clattering, tongue exploring. Sherlock made a growling noise and surged forward, shoving John backwards until he collided with the stone wall of the ruins. John felt the jagged edges of the rocks scratch into his skin. His head bounced against the wall. He grunted and cried out and Sherlock’s mouth never left his, not once. John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock pressed against him, chests sliding together, lifting John partway up the wall with just the force of his body. John felt skin tear. He didn’t give a shit.
“We agree on that last bit,” John said. He closed his book, tapped at the cover. “It’s not all you, though. Not even mostly you, really. Sarah and I weren’t right.” He shook his head. “Definitely shouldn’t have gone to New Zealand with her, that’s for damn sure.”
“What’s the point, then?” Sherlock sounded properly fed up with all of this by now.
John’s arms gave out and he fell backwards onto the table, head slapping against the wood, and Sherlock didn’t stop. Sherlock growled over him, fucking John with a frantic need, knocking air from John until John was nearly certain he was going to lose consciousness. Then Sherlock wailed, his forehead dropping onto John’s collarbone, his shaking thrusts losing their rhythm as he swelled and spasmed and came deep inside of John.
John arched his back and his bones made a sound like a small batch of sparklers. He yelped.
John smiled. “Okay,” he said.
John laughed again, a wheezing, breathy noise. He struggled valiantly to put the cap back on the little bottle of mouthwash. After several attempts, he was successful. He slipped the bottle back into Sherlock’s coat pocket but kept his hand inside, rummaging around.
,” he said.
Sherlock blinked at him. “I won’t dignify that with a response,” he said. He leaned over John, his arms draped over John’s shoulders, and began to poke at his computer. “There’s some very lively discussion going on in the comments of my post.” He opened a new tab on John’s browser and started typing in the address to the Science of Deduction.
safe. And I think you know that.”
“I…” There should be a very clear answer to this question, John knew. The answer should be yes. A resounding yes. That’s the way that people feel about their girlfriends, their
Hugh gestured back towards the house. “I’ve got the keys for you,” he said. “I can give you a quick tour of the place before I head out.”
“I was by last week,” Lestrade said. “He’s still in that mood of his. Not sure what that’s all about.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. He examined the revolver. “Loaded.”
“Only when interacting with any persons aside from our clients,” Sherlock said. “Everyone could be a suspect, John.”
“So you see,” Sherlock concluded after what seemed like an eternity. “The only definite conclusion is that there is a fifty-fifty chance of winning the car.”
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, taking in information. “Why are you saying that?” he asked. His voice was still, calm.
“What?” John asked, his eyes barely open.
“Did you and Sherlock have a good time last night?” Mary asked him.
“I don’t want to go to the bloody hospital,” John said. He was trying to remain calm, a steady-handed doctor in the midst of battle, but the frayed ends were audible at the edges of his words. “By the time the ambulance even gets here, I could have already been stitched up. Every second this cut is unbandaged, I leave myself open to infection.” He gestured just behind Sherlock. “I’ve got supplies under the sink.”
“You’ll tell me how you caught him tomorrow?” John asked.
But John already knew that, didn’t he? He’d known that from the beginning, since that first day he met Sherlock, listened to him prattle off deductions in the back of a cab, watched him piss off a swarm of officers at the site of a serial murder, stood in the window of a college and shot a serial killer and then watched Sherlock from behind the police tape, knowing he would do it again a thousand times over.
“Good,” John said. He pressed his lips to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “And what about this one?” he asked. “How did you get this?” The scar was small, and Sherlock was somewhat surprised John even noticed. Most didn’t.
“No,” John said. “That’s not—”
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson cried. “Don’t let me stop you, then. On with it.” She advanced on John, tugging at his arm and pushing him towards the stairs.
Lestrade’s smile faded. “Sorry, mate,” he said. “That was a bit of an overstep. It’s just...you and Sherlock seemed so normal after—well, normal for the two of you—and then the wedding was still on, so I just figured you two had sorted out what happened…”
John shook his head. “No,” he said. “No.”
“Yes they have,” John said. “Look.” He moved three gnocchi to the mostly-empty middle of his plate. “At your first guess, there is a one-third chance that the car could be behind any of the doors. You’ve got nothing to go on for that first guess, so you choose at random.” John pointed at the leftmost gnocchi. “And there is a two-thirds chance that your guess is incorrect and that the car is behind one of the remaining doors.” John pointed at the other two gnocchi. “The host—who knows what is behind each door—purposefully shows you a door with a goat behind it.” John pointed to the gnocchi in the middle. “Because it is more likely that the car is behind one of the doors you didn’t choose on the first go,
Thank you all so much for reading! Your responses to the previous chapter put the biggest smile on my face :)
of it, Sherlock.”
the cases stack, they overflow
and we can step out in the light
“I didn’t force you to come running after me, John,” Sherlock reminded him. He lifted his foot, doing his best to urge John to join him on the fifth step. Attempting to follow, John shifted his weight onto his bad ankle and let out a string of curses that was likely to make even Mrs. Hudson blush.
In the dream, Sherlock still didn’t move. His body was pressed against John’s with a strength John didn’t fully understand, trapping him against the counter. John wriggled slightly, trying to turn himself around, but Sherlock held him tight. John’s cock ached in his trousers, and the angle was uncomfortable, bunched up in the fabric. John shifted against the drawer, doing his best to adjust himself. The hard wood of the drawer wasn’t exactly comfortable, but at this point any type of friction felt incredible and Sherlock wasn’t moving. John couldn’t help himself. He started moving slightly, making little thrusts with his hips, his cock grinding against the drawer and his arse grinding against Sherlock’s erection. John gasped, tilting forward, his palms flat on the counter in front of him. He could see Sherlock’s hands on either side of him, calmly keeping him in place, and wanted those hands on him so badly he could barely see straight. He moved himself harder against Sherlock, feeling Sherlock’s cock slide up the cleft of his arse through his trousers. He swore he could feel Sherlock’s cock twitch against him and let out a small whimper. Sherlock didn’t make a sound.
John looked at Sherlock incredulously. “Is this still about you preferring the goat?”
Sherlock’s mouth was against John’s neck. He wasn’t kissing him, not exactly, but John could feel him there. He could feel the scratch of stubble on Sherlock’s chin scrape against him, could feel the soft of Sherlock’s lips on his skin, could feel the heat of each of Sherlock’s breaths. John was choking back noises, little moans and whimpers and sighs. He could feel Sherlock’s chest heave against him. They were moving faster now, shuddering, uneven strokes against each other. John was so hard he thought he might burst through his trousers, and Sherlock felt the same, the bulge of his cock rigid against John’s. John’s brain was sparking and stuttering and
Sherlock leaned into John. His nose nudged at a bit of hair just over John’s ear. “And you still want this?” he whispered.
John started again, but Sherlock wasn’t listening anymore. He dropped the stack of mutilated sheep onto the coffee table and swept the duffel into his arms in a flourish, darting up the stairs.
Lightning split through the sky, momentarily filling the greenhouse with a crackling, white light. Thunder rumbled towards them, a dull roar. A gust of wind drove the rain into the windows with increased vigor.
Fuck.
Standing over her, fists raised in the air, was Mrs. Hudson. On her right hand was a blood-tinged set of brass knuckles.
“Were you also going to tell me,” Gilly asked, “about your little tryst at the cottage?”
The corner of his lip slants up into a smile, as if you’ve just challenged him to a very satisfying duel. “You don’t like it here,” he says, “but you don’t like it much of anywhere. You don’t like it at the pub and you don’t like it in your flat and you certainly don’t like it at your humdrum little job at the surgery. Who could blame you, though? Wiping noses and soothing rashes must be the very definition of tiresome for an
Sherlock released his mouth with a gasp and had his teeth against John’s neck before John could even understand what was happening. Sherlock was hard, his erection driving into John’s stomach. John pushed himself forward, rocking his hips against Sherlock, listening for the hitch in Sherlock’s breath that followed. Sherlock wedged a thigh between John’s legs and ground hard. John thought that if Sherlock pulled away he would crumple to bits, eroded to nothing like the roof of the ruins they stood in.
“Thought I might need to be close by,” John said, gesturing at the bucket. “The table was in the way.”
“Nope,” Sherlock said.
for I am not this body
The wind picked up a bit, teasing John’s hair from his face and pricking at his eyes. In front of him, he could see Sherlock’s curls rippling in the wind. His coattails fluttered. The sun still shone brightly upon them, but there was a much more distinct chill in the air. John zipped his coat up to his chin and sunk his hands in his pockets.
“It’s the Rs,” Sherlock said. “You can’t speak a hard R to save your life, it would seem.”
“Can you be quiet?” he asked. His finger was pulsing inside of John, so softly John couldn’t be sure it wasn’t his own body vibrating against Sherlock.
Lestrade said nothing else on the matter.
The cut was clean—no jagged edges or chunks of flesh missing—but it was fairly long, two-and-a-half inches at least. It wasn’t so deep as to approach bone, but it was deeper than Sherlock would have liked and, judging by his expression, deeper than John would have liked as well. It was still bleeding a bit, albeit not as badly as it once was, and John’s trousers were soaked in a dark red. John wiped at his forehead, smudging blood across his skin.
John kept up the movement of his fingers along Sherlock’s back, a movement he intended to continue until told to stop, no matter how his hands shook. “And if I didn’t?” John asked, his voice so quiet it was barely sound. “Want that?”
You have follow-up questions. But before you can vocalize any of it the two of you have turned left, his billowing coat sweeping around you as he turns, and it almost seems like he’s a sort of sheepdog, guiding you where he’d like you to go. He doesn’t answer the question you didn’t ask. The two of you lapse into silence.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. And that settled that.
me, John. I am not changeable.” He was getting closer. The head-lamp was dangling at the tips of his fingers.
Except he’s
“Leave,” Sherlock said, his gaze still directed at the blackened pit of the fireplace. “You should leave.”
One day each part of me will fail,
Sherlock had asked, scrolling angrily through several posts filled with memorial photos of one of the most recent victims.
“Blog post?” John asked. He tapped his fingers to his lips. The case he was writing up involved a rogue chemist who was manufacturing some new club drug out of his home. He had a rather large aviary attached to his house, an interesting feature. Perhaps there was a title in that?
Sherlock tried at a smile. “Working on it,” he said. He wanted to grab at John’s hands with his, wanted to pull John close, wanted to wrap his arms around John and patently refuse to let him go. However, his hands were full with surgical equipment and needles—not the best time for a proper embrace. Instead, he settled for what he hoped was telepathic communication (
