“I’ve got some hard cider?” the woman offered with a smile. Joey looked for a long moment at her, part of her wondering if she even deserved to have this woman’s company.
Normally a hug from her dads meant only love and acceptance, but the negative voice creeped back up into her brain as they stood there.
less obnoxious about being treated. He gathered up the trash and bottles to recycle, handing his siblings some Gatorade to give them more fluids.
He got a text from him a few minutes later, around the time of the end of Peter’s first song – making sure to clap loudly before checking his phone.
"Mr. Ironmansir can I see your robots? Please? Pretty pretty pleaseeeeee?" he asked as Steve felt his heart warmth from the interaction. Tony had gently gripped the boy's hand before leading them to the living room - the super soldier following close behind.
The super soldier was surprised when the genius grabbed his hand and pulled it up to his lips, pausing a moment to kiss his palm.
“Alright!” she conceded, gasping for air. “You win! P… Papa please!!” and true to his word Steve released his captive, giving the three time to catch their breaths, sprawled over each other and looking up at the ceiling. She stayed a moment longer on Steve’s broad chest, enjoying the deep breaths he was taking, lifting her up and down. I think I’ve got a hang of this ‘good touch’ thing, she thought to herself as she rolled off Steve to lie beside him and Peter.
“That...that was my father?” Harley asked, face changing to excitement and secretly breaking Tony’s heart. He looked over to Steve to gauge his reaction, but the Alpha was just staring distantly in the direction that Ty had walked off. “I thought he lived on the other side of the world? What did he want Daddy? Didn’t he want to meet me?”
"I don't know how you do it man," his friend said in amusement, looking back at his family. Steve looked over at him before he continued.
"Hey Sammy!" he said as he pulled the baby in to kiss her cheek, before holding her above his head as she giggled adorably.
“I’m not and I doubt she would care. She dumped me two days ago. I’ve decided that I’m going stag for prom, get to dance with more people that way.”
Daci laughed for the first time that day, loving to see Morgan squeal with delight and her father send her a mock glare back at her. It got the attention of everyone else, who turned and let out their own noises of joy.
Peter stood there another moment, absorbing all of those words before sighing heavily and continuing their walk back to the car, husband walking next to him.
"Yes, meet Maximus," she said as she carefully stood up and showed him. The blonde smiled as he gently pet the tiny kitten in her hands.
Isaac was sleepy from the drive, so Peter carried him in, bringing up the rear while Lilli ‘raced’ Wade and Leo to the door.
Wade reassured him several times ‘everything will be okay’ which the arachnid always rolled his eyes at.
Before she knew it he had wrapped his arms around her and drawn her into his embrace. Fresh tears in her eyes, she returned the hug and settled a little more comfortably in his lap. The tears increased when Tony whispered back “good, cause I really like you as my daughter.” He squeezed his eyes shut as he kissed her hair. She hadn’t felt this loved in…well…ever. She settled her head on his shoulder, unable to hide the smile etched on her face.
His thoughts were drifting as he held the icy glass tumbler, about a third full of scotch, to his head to help cool his rapidly heating face.
"Open mine first, Joey!" Peter piped in while he helped his mom pass out party hats. Clint took over camera duties from Happy so he could help Pepper and Natasha with the food and candle placing.
“But I want him to be happy,” she said with a frown as Steve finished up the sandwiches. The blonde took that opportunity to wipe his hands with a towel before moving to stand directly in front of the girl.
He stayed back with Peter as she rode some of the scarier rides solo, actually glad for the excuse rather than he was too scared for most of them. They got cotton candy and funnel cake before Tony realized they hadn’t actually had lunch, which prompted the vote for corndogs and sodas.
“This is not my home,” she growled at the man, trying to use her brain-squishing power and feeling an electric shock for her trouble. That’s when she noticed a thin strap around her neck, unable to see it but feeling it’s presence and suddenly understanding its purpose.
“Yes, thank you. For there are more than two genders in this world, so why limit yourself? As for you, Brock, I’m going to have to ask you to leave. I do not allow bigotry in my own home,” Thor explained as he eventually released the fuming teen, standing back up as Rumlow scrambled to get to his feet.
His thoughts jumped to the worse possible solution, that Wade was in love with someone else and was waiting for the right time to leave Peter. He was so caught up in his own head, he hadn't noticed Wade was waiting with a tray of bowls for Peter to respond.
“Aha! I’ve got you now,” Buck growled before blowing a raspberry in Jackson’s neck, smiling when the boy shrieked in laughter.
Sure enough, sitting there at the top of the hill was a teen curled in on herself. Tony got out of the car with Steve, walking along with him as they approached her. He noticed Tony stop short of sitting next to her, following his line of sight as the blonde realized she was clutching a mostly empty bottle of vodka. He opened his mouth to reprimand, but stopped when he heard Tony coughing loudly at him, looking at him pointedly before sitting next to her.
"Happy birthday baby girl," Pop said as he also wrapped her in a hug and kissed her temple. "When do you wanna go to the shelter?" he asked as he walked back over to make their plates.
The door opened as his husband came into view, followed closely by the child clinging to the back of Wade’s jacket. He had a mop of black hair, the bangs hanging in his eyes barely covering the remnants of a black eye.
“Nice to meet you, DUM-E,” he said with a smile, which turned into a laugh when the bot chirped happily and Tony groaned loudly.
“Close the door,” Nat encouraged as his confused expression scrunched his face up more, closing the door behind him and crossing his arms over his chest. Natasha looked over at Steve, giving him the opportunity to decide how they’d answer. He smiled back at her before turning back to Clint.
“No you’re not,” red devil said nonchalantly as Miles sputtered back at him. The childish side of him wanted to web the man up, and maybe it would serve this pompous ass right. “You may have his abilities but you’re not the original Spiderman,” the man added before the teen could demonstrate his abilities.
“She said you all would do this. That you’d try to turn me against her,” Bucky growled, considering leaving them in favor of finding his true love.
“For the record, I am also incredibly proud of you…as is Tony.” Hearing his name reminded her where she should’ve been tonight. Her tears came back with a force.
“I just mean to say,” Bucky said loudly before the brothers could start bickering, “maybe since you’re home now you guys could start looking for a two bedroom apartment?”
“So…” Tony started, not liking the way his husband’s eyes closed in preparation. “Joey had another seizure…” he said carefully. Steve’s eyes burst open in concern until he told him the rest of that story.
"Oh get over it, you big drama queen," Rhodey said as he helped Joey put on the jumpsuit they had ordered for the occasion. Steve zipped his own up as he walked over to his husband.
“You haven’t at least seen Jurassic World??” Harley asked with an adorably offended expression. “I’ll have to ask Daddy if we can watch it after dinner. It’s still not better than Jurassic Park, but it’s better than Lost World and Jurassic Park Three.”
as those two and I will make you more bankrupt than you already are. I have friends in high places too, Stone. I’ll make sure your useless body ends up in a ditch.”
“You’re everything to me, Steve. I don’t care what you decide to do. Honestly, it’s stupid of society to assume we can make a life-long decision at eighteen anyway. You’ll figure it out, I know it cause I have every bit of confidence in you. You can move with me to Massachusetts and just work if you wanted. And if all else fails, you could just be my trophy husband. You could do art during the day and 'entertain' me at night. I’d probably have to enforce a no-clothes rule, purely for the sake of your creative spirit, but I’m sure I could find an apartme-” Steve stopped this ridiculous fantasy with a gentle kiss.
If it wasn’t for Rhodey’s impressive tattling abilities – he probably wouldn’t be telling his husband tonight.
“Yeah and you’ve got three of them! Jesus, Stevie. I knew you’d settle down but three babies? At once?”
Laughter coming from Clint’s room. He came out of the daze he had been in, standing up as his feet quickly led him to the source of the sound. Through the glass windows, he could see Daci sitting in Clint’s lap, the two laughing at something Natasha had said - the redhead sitting in the chair near the hospital bed.
“Please Peter! I just want to help!” Those words. The same words he used to convince his parents to let him join the fight. This was some fucked up karma coming around to bite him in the ass.
"I was able to make the man-child take his medicine, so that's something," Peter said as Wade laughed a little at that. Peter's smiled dropped as he watched Wade get bowls ready to feed the sickos, the superhero wondering why it had been so weird between them lately.
"You can't argue with that logic Em," Tony added as he drank his coffee and leaned against the counter. Steve was prepared to say something to his ridiculous husband, but Em beat him to it.
“You don’t ruin perfection,” he said before gently rolling the man back on his back to focus on the one that started this.
“Jo, do you want to talk about it?” she heard her Pop ask. She again shook her head no. “Okay, can I ask
He took a moment to mock glare at the witch slash detective, wondering if he was ready to actually answer that question. Tony had explained gently that this relationship would be led by Steve, he gets to steer how publicly this will all go. At least, what they both had actual control over. Tony helped him feel more comfortable in his own skin, which made Steve feel more feelings than he thought possible for another person. It was followed by a lot more sex – as Tony had proclaimed he was a man of his word. But Natasha was his friend, and maybe he owed her the truth.
The next day Emerson still wasn’t at school, but was waiting for Peter outside with her backpack when the final bell rang. Peter, surprised to see her, ran up to her.
“You told told the entire cafeteria when you practically shouted it!” Steve did his best to plug his ears and focus on the game, not wanting to relive that particular experience or hear the two bicker anymore.
She turned around instead, mumbling “faggots” under her breath as Tony felt his insides coil. Nothing ever good had come out of that word.
“What do you think Stevie?” he asked as he turned around to hold the underwear over his sweatpants bottom. Which honestly, was too much clothing.
“Petey” Tony said leaning against the counter, “that’s very sweet of you, but we aren’t sure if any of this is even happening, let alone if she’d want to stay with us, on top of if her case worker would even allow it.”
“I really am sorry about this, he’s drunk and well…I’d say he wasn’t usually this candid but then I’d be lying,” she said as she moved to smack the back of the brunette’s head.
“Tell Grandpa I threw up at school, Daddy. Maybe you can come home earlier.” Steve couldn’t help smiling at hearing the Omega chuckling through the phone.
His nesting instincts kicked in around the sixth month, when he completely remodeled his room. Anna and Jarvis both relentlessly teased him, but it was all in good fun. They even let Rhodey come stay for the last month, the Alpha teen making sure he took suppressants so Tony didn't have an early labor.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve growled out before attacking his lips again. They made out for a bit before Tony heard one of their phones buzzing. They ignored it until the buzzing continued for a few minutes, Steve crawling off him to grab at the newer Stark phone and handed it to him.
“Hey there, carpet muncher,” Staci Long sneered at her as the crowd laughed. Jo rolled her eyes heavily before turning around to confront this unoriginal bitch.
“Daddy? Who was that man?” Harley, the innocent six year old asked, breaking Tony’s heart. Tony looked over at Steve, who was frowning as if he were putting the pieces together, before remembering he always tried to be honest with his son.
But before he could reprimand her, Tony had made a noise when he had tried to sneak off a piece of garlic bread – alerting the blonde – who swatted at the man in disapproval.
Before she could tend to the wound – or come out of shock enough to do so – her bedroom door swung open, revealing a panic-stricken blonde. The brunette stumbled in after him, both sporting impressive bed-head, before Steve instantly appeared at her bedside.
“Lunch is ready,” Jarvis interrupted before either Alpha could say anything, the family headed to the dining room. Tony grabbed Steve’s arm and held him back.
to milk it,” the genius teased as he saw his room fill with people he cared about. Emerson made her way back to sit on Tony’s side, holding a donut she had acquired. Tony gave her his best puppy dog eyes, smiling when she rolled her eyes and handed him the donut to bite off of.
“Sorry," she said to Tony before turning to the boy. "Peter? What about you? What’s your middle name?”
“Well, I’ll see if I can ‘persuade’ Tony,” the blonde added with a wink before waving at someone behind the teen. “I have to go to a meeting, it was great seeing you honey. I’ll see you soon!” she called out already clicking her way down the hall.
Turns out they didn't have half an hour, as the norse gods apparently arrived while the dads were occupied. They walked into the living room to find Emerson and Loki sitting crossed legged and facing each other on the couch. Emerson was concentrating on her hands and didn't hear her parents walk in.
And as punishment for almost giving me a heart attack, I'm going to watch you take your meds everyday for the next two weeks." She groaned in jest.
“Well, what hurts you more kiddo? That he left? Or that he came back?” Steve asked with a smile, knowing Peter well enough to get a chuckle out of him. It did, even earned a smile small to the father.
Tony was an only child himself, but he couldn’t imagine what it’d be like to lose Rhodey – whom he’s known now for the majority of his life. Over twenty years they’ve been friends, and the thought of losing him? His heart ached at the very idea.
When she turned into her room, she laughed at the two superheroes sitting on her bed with a small present between them.
The bedroom door opened as the bathroom door closed, still frozen in shock as her uncle looked at her in question.
Since Steve was a good guy, he wouldn’t leave Tony after getting the three kids thrown into the mix. He’d stay with Tony even if he had second thoughts about him.
On top of that, he was driving Harley to school and back and still working part time at his Pappy’s gym.
“I don’t know, baby. That’s for your boyfriend to decide. But...I might have an idea to help,” she said as Bucky shot back up, looking at her desperately as she tapped her chin with her finger. “Let’s talk again after dinner,” she said mysteriously before standing up to leave. Bucky quickly stood up to stop her, grabbing her wrist gently.
“This could be your only chance to have your own pup, and you're letting the Omega make the decision?” Tony choked out, disbelief in his voice.
“Jesus, child,” James grunted out as he released him from the hug to escape the girl’s bony knees. Clint just laughed as he pulled the girl into his lap before tickling her.
“Well well well, look at you!” Bucky said with a chuckle at the sight of his ridiculously dressed toddler.
Then he stepped in, saved him, and took him under his wing. They started dating in middle school and have been inseparable ever since. Adopted a dog together about a year ago. It was obnoxious.
“Might as well try, I’ll get Peter you get the pizza,” she said, leaving the kitchen to knock on her brother’s bedroom door. She jiggled the door handle, confused why it was unlocked. She opened the door quietly, peeking into the dark room, confusion growing at the empty bed. She closed the door behind her as she made her way to his bathroom, hoping to see him in there.
“Yeah Harley, I love having Bucky and Becca as my siblings!” Steve added with a chuckle. “I mean, they drive me crazy sometimes but I love having them as my brother and sister.” Harley just remained silent for a moment while the two waited impatiently.
“Oh my god, Joey what happened?” he asked as he gently inspected the wound. Her brain was still fuzzy, the real shock of all this freezing her in place. She hadn’t missed a day of meds since her last seizure…
Wade's smile at realizing Miles does in fact like his alter ego made Peter feel infinite love for his man and his siblings.
“Daddy?” cried in disbelief, before dropping the shaft and running over to him, throwing her arms around him – nearly knocking him over with a hug. He clung to her, kissing her hair and crying, helping her stand aside as she saw Captain America step into the warehouse, walking straight to the wounded monster on the floor. He slowly made his way around the body until he could look the man straight in his eyes.
“So…it’s his fault?” Joey asked quietly, a small smile appearing on her face. Steve turned his glare to his girl, unable to help the smile that broke through on his face for the attempt.
“Calm down, Batman. That’s not justice, it’s revenge. Which, Pep, remind me again why we’re stopping him?” his less-obnoxious and way smarter friend pointed out.
“We’ll be fine, Mama Bear,” he said. “And I’m sure you and Petey will get to video chat whenever he’s missing you, right monkey?” he asked the boy nodding with a smile. “See May, you have nothing to worry about.”
After applying copious amounts of sunscreen, he hoisted the baby up in the air and settled him on his hip before Tony and Peter made their way back outside to their family.
"Pay attention old man! I do not...want...a party," she said slowly and loudly to emphasize his age. He glared at his middle child as Steve finally joined them in the kitchen, kissing Tony's cheek as he moved to grab something from the fridge. The blonde leaned back against the counter, protein shake in hand as he addressed their girl.
The two fathers also looked at the curled up teen while Emerson moved to hug her brother over her nearly dead father’s body.
“Here baby,” Steve said to the boy, only rolling his eyes when he caught his husband giving Peter three cookies. He gently placed the bag against the boy’s head, noting his husband was considerably less grumpy than he was earlier when he offered the blonde a smile and helped the boy hold it to his head.
And even mentioning the possibility usually set off a tantrum, cutting his brother some slack by using word play.
“Okay one, you two are the reason date night was interrupted, so it’s your fault we have to catch up on touching each other. And two – children who are grounded do not get to make any rules,” Tony said as he sniffed his cup of coffee. He took a sip before dramatically humming in pleasure. Steve rolled his eyes at his husband as he turned to get the ingredients from the fridge for omelets.
When they pulled away again, the shorter man grabbed the taller one’s hand in his, interlocking fingers as they made their way to join their kids and finally get some sleep.
She eventually pulled up in front of a warehouse, the man looked skeptically at his sister as she got out of the car without explanation.
He was looking at his reflection in the foggy mirror, guilt seeping in as he heard a small knock on the bathroom door.
“Well technically not that specific design,” Tony said with an adorable blush before rubbing the back of his neck. “You should call me sometime and I’ll upgrade you to the newest model,” the generous man said before reaching into his back pocket and pulling out a business card to hand to Bucky. It gave Steve the opportunity to check out the man’s delicious bubble butt.
Deadpool," she said with a grin as the air suddenly left the room. Peter looked at his boyfriend who had his eyes closed in anticipation. Miles looked at her with a confused look in his face.
His husband knew that too, which was why he was currently growling at the super soldier. Steve ignored him in favor of sitting on their bed and patting the comforter next to him. Tony leaned his head back and groaned loudly at the ceiling, getting a chuckle out of the blonde.
Her stupid locker wouldn’t open, resorting to pounding on the damn thing to get her stupid binder for stupid history class.
"What are you going to do for money, Peter? Your inheritance can't be spent until your twenty first birthday," his Pop pointed out, slightly more disappointed than mad.
She started walking down the hallway to the elevators, when she spotted a woman who made her heart stutter.
She also groaned in jest when he kissed her cheek, smiling as she brought the blanket over her head in response. She kept smiling as she heard her dads chuckle and move to exit her bedroom – giving her some space for now.
“What’s her name?” Clint asked as he kept looking at the pictures. This home had a warm fuzzy feeling to it, and Clint couldn’t decide if it was overwhelming or heavenly.
The warm fuzzy feelings Clint had started feeling again were welcome, but they also made him a little weaker in his resolve as he turned his face into his boyfriend’s neck.
Thinking of Pepper made him think of Steve, who he loved more than anything in the world. Has loved him since he was a kid and idolized the hero. He remembers the shock when Steve asked him to marry him, disbelief in his heart that the ‘merchant of death’ would ever deserve such a man.
“You are the second greatest mother I’ve ever met, after my own of course,” he teased right back, glad to hear her laugh over the line.
So there he sat, alone in the living room as he continued watching cartoons and trying not to think of his boyfriend. He snacked on his popcorn as he heard the elevator ding, his sister walking in and joining him.
So Steve sprawled himself out on top of the covers, drawing pad in front of him as he smiled at her getting over her embarrassment to hang out with him.  As she walked over to join him, he saw her peak at the picture in curiosity. It was just Tony’s profile, but he smiled when he heard her scoff fondly at that.
“We met in college, we were lab partners and he tried for the entire semester to get in my pants. Wouldn’t let him though,” she said with a laugh as Jo joined her. “He was never really my type. So we ended up being friends, but we lost touch after college. I saw him about five years ago at a party, we were both incredibly drunk and ended up sleeping together. Found out I was pregnant a few weeks later, panicked and called Tony. He said it was up to me but he’d support me either way,” she smiled again thinking about it.
“I missed you,” he whispered before gently kissing the blonde man. “Me too, Tony” he returned, smiling into the kiss. Tony stopped abruptly, sitting up slowly – somehow only slightly hung-over – and not making eye contact with Steve.
“What did you say?” Danvers growled out, Nat materializing at her side as Tony felt his love for those girls grow. Ashley apparently was smarter than she looked, because she mumbled ‘nothing’ before turning to quickly walk away.
It didn't take long to neutralize the threat, glad that his husband and son had also remained unharmed. After being assured the Dora Mijale would take care of the threat on the city, he steeled himself to help the neighboring village and save as many as they could.
"I'm your only sister, smarty pants," she teased as she poked him in the ribs; Miles giggled before responding as if it was obvious.
“Wow...you know Pepper also threatens me with castration. You’d never do that, you like them too much,” Tony smirked, glad to see his husband shake his head fondly. He grabbed a hand towel for Steve to dry off on before continuing. “Also the meeting ran long, I promise I didn’t do it on purpose.”
He had no idea how his brother had this much patience, watching him chase her around with a diaper, pleading to the toddler.
“Oh hello, where have you been?” he waved his hands as he asked. He did that whenever he talked, it was just more animated the more passionate he was about his words.
“I’M AN ADULT!” he tried to reason as he also attempted to wiggle away. Steve simply threw the adult over his shoulder and continued tickling him – though he’ll admit Peter’s length was making it a bit of a challenge.
“I can’t tell if that’s impressive or terrifying,” Steve said in confusion, moving to give their boy an added hug in comfort.
“Is...everything okay sweetheart?” he asked, noticing the suddenly antsy nature of the child. She had slowly come around to trusting the Avengers and hadn’t acted this shy in a while. Her blue eyes shifted back and forth before looking up at his. He was patient with her, arranging sandwiches as she climbed up to sit on the counter next to him. And after taking a deep breath, she started to speak.
“Hey, I’m behind you for whatever you decide to do, Steve. Just, don’t ever give up painting. You are really talented. Especially when you are painting your tongue all over my body,” Steve slapped his boyfriend’s hand, releasing his collar and standing up as the hyena laughed.
“You better get used to that,” Sarah said with a chuckle, wiggling her brows at the man as he glared at her while getting off the floor to sit in an actual chair.
“It’s just painting with your fingers. I got ingredients to make it edible so it’ll be safe when Harley and Morgan and probably Tony put their fingers in their mouths.” She couldn’t help smiling at the image.
“You’re right we should hold hands,” Clint said. And before Bucky could voice that he was answering his question, the blonde grabbed his hand and dragged him down the stairs.
“Daddy! Papa!” Peter cried in excitement, leaping from Bucky’s lap to Tony’s arms, getting a chuckle out of the genius as the blonde looked at them with a smile.
They were both thrown in the same direction and when Miles quickly regained consciousness, he saw Harry climbing on the wreckage. To get the spider, still in the case, that was wedged between some boards.
“My own father doesn’t want me. Am I not good enough?” Harley choked out, further breaking the Alpha's heart.
She looked at the boy for a moment before carefully handing him what she had gathered, watching with a curious expression as Peter scurried back to the kitchen.
“Mr. Stark, I was just telling your husband and daughter that she is cleared to go home. Test results came back negative and the exam showed no signs of foul play. Unfortunately she’ll still be a little woozy after the seizure, but other than that – she’ll be just fine,” the young doctor said with a smile on her face.
“Well, it’s nice to meet the friends of the guy I’ve been doing the dirty with,” Tony countered, ignoring Steve’s eye roll and playful shove. Joey rejoined them, small bag in tow as she smiled at the people in the room.
“Daci, baby are you okay?” he asked as he cradled his girl in his arms. He gently rolled her over to check the back of her skull, sighing in relief when he noted it was mostly healed. She slowly blinked back at him as he heard Steve’s voice over the comms.
Her little brother prevented that from happening, as he busted open her door and ran to her bed. He jumped up and down on the mattress in excitement as she prayed he didn't jump directly on her.
Bruce even helped him begin studying in college classes, though they often argued mechanical engineering versus biomedical being the better major.
He’d been spending more time with the Barnes’ since his mental health was improving. Well, that and mostly because the kids wanted to play with Lucky.
Most, since two of Kingpin’s men got away, and he quickly webbed off after them. He only found one and cornered him, but before he could do anything his senses told him there was a gun pointed at the back of his head.
“Tony baby you are the parent, you get to decide who’s a part of his life. He can change his mind when he’s eighteen but right now
“You know children aren't allowed down there without adult supervision,” Pete said as he crossed his arms over his chest. All of them were well aware that his Dad was not considered an adult.
"His mother, Annette, left him a note explaining everything. Why she had to leave him, who his father was and that he had a half-sister out there somewhere. With my birth name written on it. It's not explicit in the letter but...it seems that before he was put in prison, he visited Annette one last time. And, well, she kept and loved the product of a...non consensual experience. And now he's in foster care with my friend. But the house that Jenny swears up and down is one of the good ones, is looking into sending him away."
Steve just looked up with his bright blue eyes, smiling a little. “What would I lecture you about, kiddo?”
“Sure Pop, Sam’s about to get his ass beat anyway. You don’t wanna stick around for this, it’s about to get ugly.” Everyone but Sam laughed at that. Steve sent a nod to Rhodey before he turned to go to Peter’s room.
“His drunk ass threw up on me,” Fury said straight-faced, and it took everything in Steve’s power to not smile at that.
“Crying already? How pathetic. The Avengers have made you weak. You will learn your place once more. You are a clone that we made, child. You’re not even human. A creature that was built to destroy under command and nothing else.”  The crying only increased as did her desire to have her father come save her. Surely by now he realizes that Vivienne was part of HYDRA.
“How about you climb up on the stool and help me with the green beans?” Steve asked, pulling a bowl out to hand to the boy. Harley complied, silently watching Steve break off some ends before mimicking his actions. The silence only lasted another moment.
“Jo, ice pack,” Steve said with a smile, poking her in the arm with the frozen bag to get her attention. She giggled a little, keeping her head back as she used her hands blindly to grab the ice pack, gently placing it on her ‘crotchal region.’
And okay wait, maybe Tony had misheard. And his least favorite thing in this entire world were unhappy tears in Steve’s beautiful blue eyes. Even if he loved when he cursed, he didn’t like it when it was in anger or sadness. The knot in Tony’s stomach tightened.
“Come on, you picked out these pj’s!” he said as he added a little rib-tickling for good measure. The boy finally relented, giggling still as he ‘played dead’ while Steve finally got his pajamas on – further being unhelpful.
“You know what,” Tony interjected, “I think that’s a good stopping point for tonight. Your Pop and I are going to bed, and we’ll deal with all this love-struck teenage stuff later. For now, you will pick Peter up from school and entertain him at the house until we get home from work this week – so no secretly hanging with miss troublemaker after school. May will be home Thursday to watch you two,” the brunette said as he grabbed the papers and stood up off the bed.
“How are you even real?” he asked before quickly pulling the blonde into a kiss, climbing onto his lap to deepen it. Steve was unlike any Alpha he had ever met, and Tony was selfishly going to keep him for himself for as long as he lives.
“Yeah, I think you tired him out,” he said as he took the two into the kitchen. “What do you want for lunch little one? PB&J?” he asked as he set her down in her high-seat.
The weeks leading up to their anniversary party went by in a blur, so Steve was surprised the day of the actual party was dragging along. His kids had gone with Happy to get them a last minute gift, even when Steve reminded them they didn’t owe them anything. Tony was still deciding between some last minute changes to the catering while Steve sat by himself in the living room, drawing pad in hand. It was only 12:03PM and the party didn’t start till 7. Even if it would “spoil the surprise,” he wished he could be out shopping with his kids right now.
“Nothing wrong with having a crush, Smiles,” Wade said as he put what Miles assumed to be chimichangas into the oven. The teen’s eyes bulged from his head as he processed those words before sputtering out a response.
Steve was walking around the living room, a cuddly Harley in his arms. His pup’s face was buried in the Alpha’s shoulder, tiny arms wrapped around his neck as Steve mumbled some quiet words into the boy’s ear. He didn’t stop moving when he spotted Tony, just smiled at the Omega before moving the two to sit back on the couch.
“Your Daddy was talking about the time of day, bambino. Not that wretched woman,” Maria lied to his son, which seemed to satisfy the pup as he nodded before picking his toys back up and resuming his play.
“I thought you said ‘boyfren,’ Daddy?” he asked with a confused expression, getting a chuckle from the blonde.
“Thanks Mama,” Tony said with a chuckle, gently pushing his pup back as the pain started to take over the joy he felt. “Lay next to me, bambino. My chest was starting to hurt.”
“You know, you say this everyday and yet everyday you take a nap and feel so much better after,” he pointed out as he kissed the pouting boy on his cheek.
have learned that from Peter…but he was in enough trouble and she didn’t have much time. She took the opportunity to send a quick text on the ride down. She was eternally grateful Steve insisted on being prepared – remembering the extra pairs of socks and shoes in one of the closets downstairs. When the doors opened on the ground floor, she quickly finished dressing before she made her way onto the nearby street, feet not stopping.
She ended up spending the entire weekend with Nat and Clint. They were awesome, and way more fun than her family had been lately. Plus it was a nice distraction from all the bad luck she’s had recently.
“You aren’t responsible for my life just like you weren’t responsible for Samantha’s,” Peter added, “still love you, lil sis.”
"What's going on?" Sam called from the grill, the others all turning their attention to the ones in the pool.
“What are you most upset about, honeybun? The fact you have a living grandma you didn’t know about? Or that she wasn’t what you hoped she’d be?”
“Have you heard from Peter?” Emerson asked as she disentangled herself from Tony, suddenly actually uncomfortable from the physical contact. Tony didn’t seem fazed or offended, turning his attention to the remainder of his pancakes before answering.
“We love you baby girl, we’re sorry some people are too stupid to have that privilege,” Tony said as he tightened his hold on her.
“Come on Steve! I wanna be the champion!” the pup cried with his tiny fists in the air. The Alpha couldn’t resist the request, warmth flowing throughout his body as he happily climbed into the ring.
“Jarvis,” Tony said, addressing the ceiling, “if you’d be so kind as to play a little Notorious for the Captain here.”
When they pulled apart, Wade was smiling back at him. “More of that later, now, we dance,” he said, grabbing Peter’s hand before heading back inside.
“Holy shit this is the Stark Mansion,” Sam said as they both stared in awe of the building. Steve parked the ambulance in the front entrance as the two grabbed their gear and the stretcher.
“And then…then I want you to think long and hard about this relationship,” he choked out the last words.
“Whatever you need from me,” Steve promised as he rubbed Tony’s back, “just let me know, okay? I promise Tony I’ll help you any way I can.” He smiled as he felt Tony relax in his arms, the brunette rubbing his face into the blonde’s neck as he made himself more comfortable in his lap. He smiled brighter when his love’s goatee tickled his neck, keeping his composure as he heard his husband sigh in contentment.
“Sorry,” her Tati muttered as he pulled Daci back into his embrace. She snuggled closer into him with a smile before peering towards the archer.
“It was my fault, I...I asked her, and well…” Clint stuttered out, clearly flustered with what just happened. Which only made Daci feel worse.
For a brief moment, he considered taking the coach up on his offer to talk in his office. Even though Coulson wasn’t his gymnastics coach, he’d always looked out for the shorter blonde.
“See Pete? Everything’s fine,” Tony said as he made his way to join them at the kitchen table. Steve remained standing, sipping on his own coffee that Tony pointedly left him to pour himself, staring at the small group and doing his best to calm his anger.
He quickly turned in anger, glaring at the two pieces of white trash in front of him, laughing at his expense. Hunter and John Walker, twin football playing seniors whose intolerance has only grown since they joined his grade two years ago. They had always tried to tease him but were terrified of Wade. Now that he’s out of the picture, they apparently saw the first day of school as the opportunity to officially bully him. They were also unaware of Peter’s recent
Arms were crushing his ribs before he could blink, moving his arms to return the hug from her. “I love you too, Papa. Very much,” she said with tears.
By 5 they had both washed up and ended up in the living room coloring when the two heard the elevator doors ding.
“Wow. ‘Sleep with?’ This coming from the same Stevie who told me about losing his virginity by saying, and I quote ‘he had a...you know...nice member’,” Bucky mocked back, dodging the swat Steve threw his way as the blonde felt his cheeks pink.
“Just please don’t tell dads, okay? Guys?” Miles asked, desperation clear in his voice and his clasped hands in front of him. Peter looked from his stupid brother to his stupid husband, sighing when his husband gave him the ‘your call’ look.
She literally keeled over, clutching her stomach as she continued laughing, unable to see their Dad had started as well. She heard the faint, “language,” from Pop but could hear laughter in his voice too. She stood up straight to turn to Peter to offer her condolences, but only laughed harder as he was really, truly glaring angrily at back at her.
"Probably not, considering she's the only one I talked to about proposing..." That stopped Clint in his tracks, which had Bucky grinding to a halt next to him with a chuckle.
“You heard the man,” Wade said, nudging the boy in the man’s direction, “to the kitchen!” he said as he led the two out of the living room. Emerson and Miles got up to follow, leaving just him and his Pop as the blonde got up to pull him into another hug.
“Fff-udge,” Steve gritted out, glad he caught himself with a toddler looking up at him in confusion.
They laid together on the bed for a few more minutes as Bucky contemplated leaving to go find Steve again.
Steve opened his mouth for an apology, but then changed his mind as she continued throwing horrible slurs their way. He turned his back to them and made his way back to the car, hand clutching around the bottle.
“You hungry Harley? Grandpa ordered your second favorite kind of noodles,” his mate asked their pup who seemed to stir again at the mention of food.
"I'm happy you're happy, cub," he said to his girl before placing a kiss on her head. Clint did the same and Bucky still felt like he was dreaming, because how could he have predicted he'd get to have this? A click sound caught his attention as he turned as saw Natasha had taken a picture of the group, smiling at the redhead who nodded back before making her exit.
“Speaking of birthdays…” Sam said with a smile as he placed the trey on the table between them. “Happy thirtieth man.”
“You’re just jealous cause you’re straight and boring. And I did not almost kill you! Okay? DUM-E almost killed you,” the brunette said as they heard a chirp come from somewhere in the room. “You sir are in timeout and therefore shall remain silent!” he yelled at no one in particular.
“Yes please,” the teen replied quickly, earning a laugh from the billionaire. He stood from the bed and turned to offer his hand to his daughter. He didn’t say anything as she held his arm on the short walk, only smiling.
“Oof, tough break Steven,” his bastard husband agreed, pointedly tightening his arms around her at the implication.
Tony moved to start cleaning up the hand-made beignets when Daci realized this was a situation she could help him with.
“Now. Here’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to give your daddies a call and give them your location, if they wire transfer me ten million dollars to an offshore account. And then we’ll sit back and watch them fall into the trap I’ve set for them. And after we watch the superqueer-os explode into a million pieces, I will gut you and leave you to die, which is more than a cheap whore like you deserves.” He smacked her again after his little speech, the ringing in her ears that had began to dim getting louder.
“So, Bambi tells us you’re thinking of joining the army when you graduate.” His eyes rolled at the childhood nickname.
, do you understand? You’re the reason my childhood memories came back to me. Remember when we had to bathe in the river after hiding in the mud? Helping you with your hair...reminded me of my ma doing my hair when I was your age. Taking care of you...it always grounds me back to the moment. Seeing your face...cub it makes all of those years HYDRA had me worth it. Te iubesc pe fiica mea,” {
“I think he knows better than to mess with you when you’re really upset. He still has bruises from the last time,” he reminded her, smiling and eyes rolling
“Yeah, do you remember what happened, baby?” Tony asked, one hand still rubbing his son’s back while the other curled around his round stomach.
“You want me to carry you?” he asked before turning to wink at his husband. The genius laughed at the pair, loving these two enough to forget anything else at the moment.
“Emerson. I want to make something perfectly clear, okay?” he waited for her nod before continuing, “you are welcome to stay with us as long as you want. What has been done to you is beyond repulsive and you can be damn sure Steve and I are taking care of this tomorrow. But for right now, tonight? – Was that a tremor in his voice? – Please understand that you are safe here, okay?”
“Hit on by a billionaire? Not too bad of a birthday, right Steve?” she said with a smirk as Sam made his way back into view; holding a trey of cupcakes lit up with candles.
"What if I told you, this is what it go you?" Steve whispered against his lips before kissing his husband. "And that you clearly weren't listening when Banner said she'd be knocked out for a few hours before the medicine wears off," the blonde said pulling back and smiling at his love. "Plus you have an AI that will warn us if she wakes up."
“Jarvis? Isn’t that his old butler?” Steve asked curiously as he watched Rhodey start pacing back and forth.
So Steve turned around and started walking back to his truck. Smiling to himself as he heard his boyfriend yell before pounding feet caught up with him and slipped his hand in his.
Much to his dismay, his daughter did not want an extravagant eighteenth birthday. They still had another week and a half before their vacation and Emerson refused to let them even through a party for her big day.
Steve’s proposal interrupted her self-deprecating thoughts. “What if you just spend the night here, tonight? We have plenty of guest rooms?” His mind was working overtime how to handle this kind of situation. He can’t remember a time he’d felt this helpless. It was obvious she was scared and had been hurt. He just hopes maybe they’re the kind of people she would feel safe talking to. “I can call your guardian if it’d make you – “
“Look, James. I don’t think you’re thinking rationally here. You just found out about us, but that doesn’t necessarily mean we feel that way now.”
“Holy shit,” Tony said again as that damn smiley face came back to haunt him. He was pregnant again.
"What are you and your brother - whose teaching my daughter witchcraft, by the way - doing on Earth? I thought you said you were busy with the nine realms for a while?" Tony asked as he sat next to their daughter on the couch, keeping Miles in his lap. Steve sat next to them, giving Thor the seat by his brother.
“Go to your room, I can’t look at you right now.” Even as he watched her leave in distress, the need to get
“Hey!” Clint cried indignantly around a mouthful of donut. Steve couldn’t help but sigh at the two, hating that he promised the archer he’d stay out of it. He watched as Buck waved his goodbyes before leaving for the elevator. “Your Tati is a bully, Daci.”
“I...ran into him in Europe. Had my lawyer draw up some papers in case Tiberius NoStones wanted to come back into your life and try to ruin it.”
“I know Tony, she told me,” he whispered, running his hand along his beloved’s cheek for comfort. “Don’t worry about that right now. You are both safe and we can always talk about it later. I’m just glad to be home,” he said before pulling his husband back down to kiss him again.
“Right,” Clint nodded in agreement, shutting his eyes tightly closed as he heard James shift in front of him.
"Uh huh! Papa told me you lost it when you were little, Mama helped me find one!" he said excitedly.
“I dreamed that my toys came alive and were really mean to me,” the boy said quietly. Tony found himself laughing a little at that, smiling at his son when he pulled back to glare a little at his father for laughing.
“Sorry Mr. Jefferson, just trying to convert a walking sinner to Christianity. It seems the dyke is a loss cause, sir,” Staci added before the basic bitches laughed along and followed her down the hall. Joey stood there a moment longer, glaring at the group before turning to offer a glare to the man who just stood there.
, it wouldn’t be worth it,” Cara quipped at the boy. Most of the cafeteria had started to quiet to listen in on this interaction, so an uproar was heard of laughter and ‘ooh’s that chorused alerting the rest of the cafeteria.
It was so easy for Tony to get lost in happiness around Steve and their friends, he sometimes forgot about the real world. Otherwise known as - Howard. Since he’s been spending so much of his free time with Steve, he hadn’t been paying attention to his father...or his father’s company.
It was on the eighth day that Tony woke up assuming he had gone deaf. He was...also well rested. The Omega jerked himself awake, sitting up in bed and rushing over to his son’s bassinet, only to find it empty.
Steve smiled at his old friend. “Thought you didn’t like the terrorist?” he said teasingly, moving to stand beside Sam as he plated the burgers, most had melting cheese.
“I want you to get what’s coming to you,” Rumlow growled out before taking a step forward while the other two flanked Bucky. He couldn’t help sighing again, looking at the three with boredom.
“Tasha? She wants me to get laid more than anyone. Speaking of, how’s your sister?” she asked, smiling at the frown he sported on his face.
He heard his daughter walking in just as the bacon started sizzling offering her a "good morning" and smiling when she only grumbled in response. She stood next to him watching him cook and offered a small smile at him.
Never one to be silent, Tony whispered, “told you she’s a Stark,” causing the three to laugh, still holding on to each other.
“Yeah, it’s…it’s nice to meet you,” Joey stuttered out. Helen simply smiled back at her in response, not looking at her like the weirdo she is.
“Really? Cause it seems pretty loose if you can flail your arms about…” she said pointedly, not falling for his bs.
, he thinks to himself, testing his body to see if he had any injuries. His right side still hurt, and glancing at it revealed something that sent off all of his alarm bells.
A small voice inside told her she was being irrational, but that voice was squashed down by the anger she felt in her bones.
Often the boy, much like his Daddy, would watch Steve’s face while he read; not needing anything else to help imagine the story in their minds.
"Are Miles and Emerson safe?" Steve asked the general as she spoke to someone off to the side to find out.
. Because we all actually gathered here to ask if we could adopt you, Miles. Because we love you so much," Pop reassured him.
to do with him. Our fathers were friends, I’ve known him my entire life. He was…” he paused, face morphing into anger. “He
“Oh you’d love him,” she said with a laugh, “he was quick to put Steve in his place. It was hilarious, he always pulled the big brother card…”
Peter’s eyes nearly bulged from their sockets, he could see his Pop’s eyes close out of the corner of his eye.
“What?” Stark asked with a shrug. “The three stooges are asleep. Go get my second favorite girl and make sure the Winter Soldier doesn’t make an appearance.”
“Tati wait, I need to tell you something!” He only registered the five year old had followed him when he’d picked his phone up off the bed.
His Pappy moved to the states from Ireland in his twenties where he met Steve’s grandmother and the two had his Pop - Sarah - and her two little brothers.
“Apparently we can heal each other through the bond,” Steve said absently, not really to anyone in particular. But that was apparently what could snap the couple out of their stupor. The two turned to him with shocked and impressed expressions.
“She’s the love of my life,” he said to the supposed genius before turning back to his so-called ‘friend.’ “So you didn’t have anything to do with this? You haven’t liked Vi from the beginning,” he said in an accusatory tone, well aware of the redhead slowly shifting in his peripheral.
“She also has to wait until she’s eighteen,” Steve returned, again rolling his eyes as the three children grumbled in protest.
“Thanks Marcus,” she said to the man, throwing a smile his way while walking past him to go into her Dad’s extravagant office. He was leaning back in his chair, phone to his ear as he had his feet up on his desk. He turned and smiled at her as she walked in, waving her to come sit while he finished talking.
His parents totally bought the lie that he was spending his weekends helping Pete out more, and the two men took the opportunity to take little vacations and host various fundraisers. Spiderman took to the streets once more, and his family believed Miles was babysitting so Peter could resume his alter-ego and get away from the kids for a bit.
. So. Whatever punishment you decide Mr. Campbell, email it to me. And you two” he said pointing to the two teen boys looking like they might piss themselves, “if I hear that you so much as
“Tony! Don’t you dare give in. He is still grounded and we already did the other thing,” Steve stopped himself before confessing something else. Peter turned to squint at his Pops, confused but also really intrigued. They had already spoiled him on his actually birthday. He turned back to his still silent Dad, knowing the final nail to his Dad’s will-powered coffin.
"Thor and Miles are in the library, sir." The men looked pleasantly surprised at each other, glad to hear they had just been reading this whole time.
“I brought some stuff for him, I’ll be right back,” James said with a shy smile before leaving the apartment. Clint took that time to pick the puppy up again, holding Lucky close to his chest as he tried to convince himself this was still real. It wasn’t some dream he’d have to wake up from.
“Holy shit,” Steve said as the two ran towards the two bodies. Bucky ran for Daci but did pause to steal a glance at Clint, who was still breathing.
“I …I didn’t mean it!” Em managed between fits of laughter, wrestling under the blankets over Tony’s lap – WHO, by the way, had simply raised the tablet above his head, the unhelpful bastard. Peter had managed to grab some blankets for a counter-attack, throwing them over Steve’s head before yelling his battle cry – jumping on the super soldier to help his sister. The three, tangled in a mess of blankets, rolled onto the floor laughing hysterically. Tony, now without a blanket, simply put his arms back in his lap and continued on his tablet, mouth smiling but eyes still on that damn screen.
“You sounded upset because Dad wasn’t hearing your side, right?” He barely nodded, otherwise frozen. “Well, were you hearing his?” Steve opened his mouth in protest but stopped as she continued impatiently.
“Anthony, why would you want me to cheat on you?” he asked in a more serious tone. His husband finally turned around but wouldn’t look Steve in the eye.
He’d watched his Uncle Bruce do this a million times. And while he didn’t know the finer details, he knew not to take that out just yet. And to add compression to stop the bleeding. Slowly, he managed to take his jacket off and hold against his side.
“Oh yeah, never apologize for awesomeness,” Clint piped in. Steve sent him a look before addressing the girl again. Inwardly sad she was still skittish about expressing herself.
“And a responsible parent,” Steve added with a glare, which broke when Daci laughed aloud - since her father had frozen mid grabbing another drink. She saw Steve shake his head fondly as her father finished his glass.
“Addicts run in my family,” Clint admitted out of nowhere, causing Bucky to turn to him incredulously. “It’s how my parents died when I was six.”
“Do I…should we go to the hospital?” she asked sleepily, feeling safe in his arms. “I wanna make sure they didn’t do…anything,” she finished looking down at her lap. She felt him go rigid around her in fear.
“Ready?” he asked the two practically dancing on their feet. Peter quickly grabbed his father’s hand in excitement, reaching over to grab Joey’s with his other one. She smiled as she complied, not even grimacing at the always somehow sticky fingers of a toddler.
food. Get it right,” Clint teased as he herded the twins to stay in the room instead of venture out like they were trying to do.
It was after he said he’d never have kids, just as Joey has said happened when she was 8. He remembers that conversation, though he also remembers giving her a hug and telling her “a niece was all he needed.” He would have to explain himself to her.
"Because he's fuck-face's kid," she replied bitterly as Tony felt a dagger go through his heart at his own words. His mouth gaped open as he tried to formulate an appropriate response for that.
“HAPPY BIRTHDAY!” the brunette said as he quickly stood up and threw his hands in the hair. “Why are you spending it working? Come on, I’ll fix you a drink.”
“Daci’s learning how to write her name,” Steve replied with a smile as he drew a few more lines on a few more pages.
After kissing the life out of the blonde, his love wiped some of the chocolate off Steve’s chest to use as lubricant. He combined his chocolate fingers with his sinful tongue to open Steve up, the blonde stretched across the couch and trembling in pleasure. He felt his man make sure to lap up every bit of chocolate before finally claiming him.
"See? You have to," she added with a shit eating grin. He smiled as his husband rolled his eyes as dramatically as only Tony could do.
“Yes you can, and you love me for it,” Steve quipped back confidently as he pulled the man off the bed with him. “Know why?”
“Okay! I get it! Sorry I lied ONE TIME because I wanted Brad Pitt for myself, okay? Jesus. Have I ever lied to you about things
“If he does, your Dad and I will take care of it. Or Natasha, she technically called ‘dibs’” he smiled at his son who laughed at the thought, knowing his aunt well.
Inside, Commander Fury was breaking up a fight between Rumlow and…Sam? He quickly made his way forward in the crowd to assist his partner.
, if I remember correctly. Well, let’s hope you find your voice in court; cause you’re going to need it.” The man stood there gaping at him while Tony grabbed Joey’s arm to lead them away
He loved Wade that much more when the man didn’t cop a feel, but rather snuggle next to the (used to be only) arachnid and add a kiss to his forehead.
May was away on business and Petey was with his grandma. Normally, he’d like his kids to be together when they’re gone…but Ruth – who already had dibs on Peter – was old fashioned…and Joey cussed too much.
“-you can’t bullshit a bullshitter, my dear,” came from Tony before he rolled his eyes at his husbands quick “language” reprimand. “What I mean, is that it’s obviously not nothing. And you know Steve and I haven’t pushed you to talk about anything you don’t want to. And that includes this, but we wanted to give you the opportunity since we’re both here.”
“Which father told you I wanted more estrogen in my life?” she asked with a mock glare, going so far as to cross her arms over her chest. The blonde bit her lip before quickly relenting.
And after the week they'd had, it was nice to have a pleasant, stress free evening. He looked at that tall blonde man of his as the three walked to the elevator, who seemed to be thinking the same thing as he smiled back warmly at the genius.
They drove in silence as Steve thought over what just happened. It wasn’t until they pulled in front of his apartment that he said what he’d been thinking.
“You’re all a bunch of fucking fairies,” Brock spat out at them. Clint watched as Thor looked back at Bruce, as soft smile on his face as he turned back to Rumlow and shrugged at him.
“I go running wiff you?” she asked. Steve rolled his eyes fondly while Bucky suddenly took initiative from the situation.
“Giraffes normally live in Africa and they use their long necks to eat leaves up in the trees,” Clint explained, still at her side as she held up two hands against the glass. “They’re pretty cool, huh?”
“Yes, I know, I believe you,” he reassured her as she still looked warily at him. “I just wanted to run something by you…something about my job.” This did not help her look of worry, the blonde waving his hands to try to clarify himself.
“Thanks Steve,” Harley mumbled into the Alpha’s neck, somehow curling up closer and...softly purring. Tony had only heard him purr on a few occasions. And it seemed the older he got the less he did it.
"Hey! I agreed with you immediately! Where's my hug?" the brunette said in mock protest as his husband looked smugly at him. Emerson laughed before moving away, caught when the blonde pulled her back into his embrace.
“No. No it’s not. This –” she harshly pointed at the woman “– this, IMPOSTER is…my MOTHER. The woman who died of an overdose over eight years ago! The
“We’d like to thank everyone for coming to this special dinner. As you all know this is in honor of the newest member of our family” – a chorus of “here here” was said – “and Steve and I just wanted to take the opportunity to thank you all for making her feel so welcome. And – as I am often reminded – I tend to ramble and turn speeches back to me” (this of course earned a few laughs from the dinner guests) “so I will keep this short and sweet. Here’s to my daughter, Emerson Rogers-Stark, god help her for ending up in this dysfunctional family.”
Steve stopped his torture, still on top of Peter, to turn and ask his husband. “Beloved, at what age is a child too old to be tickled by their father?”
“Daci...you think your Dad needs a...partner?” Steve asked, doing his best to keep the laughter out of his voice at this entire situation. He could tell the five year old was taking this very seriously, if the glare on her tiny face was anything to go by.
The doctor he met before the surgery was talking to Rhodey as Peter and Emerson joined Sam and Bruce. He walked around the game of Candyland to join in to what the doctor was discussing. She stopped once she saw Steve and smiled at him before continuing.
“Daddy come on Jarvis made his yummy sandwiches!” his pup yelled, followed by the sounds of his Mama quietly hushing him.
Bucky laughed as he pulled her into his embrace, hugging her tight as she kept giggling. Steve rolled his eyes fondly at just having reminded his brother
“Jarvis, review the security tapes, when did she leave?” Tony asked as he cradled a now terrified and crying boy in his arms, standing up to help.
Emerson muttered under her breath and felt someone poke her in the back. "I mean, of course, sorry. Um, long flight."
“-Buck! Stop and just breathe. You are not failing your kid. She is safe, and happy and just needs to keep learning. Including good touch vs bad touch. Which, just to clarify, we’d all be happy to help out with.”
your shift was over Saturday, meaning you went out. Which you never do, which all leads me to believe you’re acting funny because you got laid and I wanna know who.”
“I’ve seen them fight and then make out enough times. And if you make a single joke about leaving me for either of my parents I won’t give you your present.” Tony’s brows shot up at that last word, always excited to hear that word.
“You’re just now going to bed?” his husband asked with a disappointed tone. Sometimes Tony would crash on the couch down in his workshop, but his bed was more comfortable.
“The only thing I can think about is that woman abandoned her when she was seven. Whether by choice or not, she left her,” he whispered, reaching out to tuck some hair behind their daughter’s ear.
“I’ll take him, Maria,” Steve said as he took the pup from her, bringing Peter up to his neck to calm the squirming baby.
The next thing he knew, his husband had unwrapped from his arms and was out the door, leaving Tony in a giggly mess.
She was walking in the halls when she heard commotion around the front office. Since she wasn’t necessarily in any hurry to get to her English class, she tried to peer above the crowd to see what all the hubbub was about.
Stone coming back into Tony’s life had thrown everyone for a loop. His poor Omega was stressed and anxious and Harley’s attitude constantly changed on a dime. Sometimes he was fine with Steve, joking with the Alpha and snuggling close during movie nights.
“Tati I can go,” Daci said as she stood up, secretly liking the idea of dealing with the Hulk rather than crying babies.
“Well yeah,” he said, giving up on the box after a moment, “but like I said, after I tire you out.” He finished with a smile and turned to her, bringing a matching smile onto her face. She felt herself blush, a little embarrassed with how emotional she was being right now.
“Oooh, right. I don’t actually give a shit about Barnes, neither did Dad,” she confessed easily, eyes still on the ceiling.
He couldn't help think about it though, when the three of them were playing video games and joking together. Both dads were off on an Avengers mission so Wade and Peter agreed to stay at the Tower until they got back. Emerson had left to bring back some take out for the group, arriving home as Jarvis informed the boys of their sister's arrival while they continued playing. She brought the bags in as she joined them in the game room a few minutes later.
The one Tony was apparently most insecure about. He looked up at his husband as he kissed the surgery scar on his chest, smiling when the man blushed back at him.
Early on in their friendship they tried dating, and she threatened to shave his goatee while he slept if he didn’t show up to a party on time. She went through with it...and they didn’t last much longer than that.
“I’ll never let that happen,” Tony said in offense, bringing the Polaroid to his chest and shifting back to give Steve his arms back.
“Oh wow, look at you Morgan!” Peter cheered as he walked around Steve to jump on the man’s back, wrapping his tiny arms around his neck. The super soldier kept his balance, glaring at Clint when the archer encouraged Harley to also ‘hop on Pop.’
“We don’t have to match, cub. Vivienne said I’d look better with shorter hair and I agreed,” Barnes said with a bright smile, kissing the girl’s head before standing up.
“Do you wanna get this over with or do you need a lecture to realize how stupid it was to drive while under the influence? When your father died from–”
So Tony just laughed in the face of his ex, who's anger quickly returned as shock was also evident on his face.
He heard shouts coming from somewhere inside followed by the sounds of pounding feet. Eventually the door opened and there was Tony - covered in grease and looking surprised.
“Why didn’t you tell me about her? Why didn’t my Dad tell me? Why did you guys keep her from me?” she demanded as he stared back at her. She saw Tony out of the corner of her eye, moving his legs to sit up and participate.
“That was really cool of you, helping her out like that.” Peter looked up into his eyes, waiting for one of the many disgusting jokes at her expense. He had to threaten a few classmates to get them to stop.
upset me too and I also lashed out at people.” Peter’s eyes were wide, though not as wide as the sputtering twin dumbasses as the crowd erupted in both laughter and shock.
"Gotcha," he said mostly to himself, pulling his phone out to snap the pic before turning his husband back around to face him.
She further surprised everyone by planting a foot firmly on his injured area before leaning down to threaten him.
“You finished cleaning like I asked?” Steve questioned. Peter nodded his head yes and shrugged his shoulders. “Well, your Momma comes back home tomorrow, you’ll have to survive a day without him buddy.”
"Does this mean I can call you Dad?" the boy asked unsure into Tony's neck. The man groaned in fake pain from the overly adorable question.
That earned a snort from Em and a deeper glare from Steve. “Peter…son, that is two marks at my age. Do I need to remind you what the punishment is for making fun on my age?” Peter sat, unfazed.
“Daddy! Steeb!” the toddler shouted excitedly, throwing himself on top of the two men. Steve fumbled him for balance as he watched Joey join them on Steve’s side, extending an arm to wrap around his girl.
She hadn’t even noticed Tony leave or come back with a glass of water, gently placing it in her hands before saying, “drink this and try to get some sleep. You are more than welcome to raid the fridge, but right now I want you to sleep, okay? Peter introduced you to Jarvis, right?”
But she’s done this before, and now she’s been put on the internet – just as Steve had warned her not to. She wasn’t even guilty and her Pop would probably lose his job over this.
Before she could leave the bathroom, she heard a window open in the bedroom. She looked out wearily, wondering why Jarvis hadn’t set off any alarms. Her eyes widened as she saw a figure
“Anthony Edward Stark so help me,” his love growled as he walked to the kitchen to grab the ice pack.
“I’ll be Pocahontas!” Lillian suddenly spoke up, catching the group off guard as they all turned to look at her.
!” she laughed as she squirmed away from him to sit back by Tony. Steve let her go, returning her mock glare as she grabbed Tony’s arm to wrap around herself – smirking at the blonde to remind him of her ‘favorite father’.
The sheer amount of added guilt crushed her chest like a lead weight as she realized she needed to actually say something about it.
“Tony, we were Captain America and Iron Man for over forty years. When we met and formed the Avengers, we were the only super heroes out there. But we’re not alone anymore. The world has the Guardians, the X-Men, the Fantastic Four, not to mention the new Avengers team. They don’t need us anymore. And as much as I loved fighting for what was right...it killed me to be away from my family. Away from you. I retired because I wanted to spend more time with you. And our kids and grandkids. Plus, don’t you remember the last time I got injured? The serum took longer to heal. We’re not young men anymore…”
Holy. Fucking. Fuckballs. He stared at the god of a teenager of a crush that is Wade Wilson in front of him. Walking towards Peter, hands in his jacket pockets after closing the door.
“I didn’t think juniors were allowed in the senior lab, Parker.” He said it with a smile, so he was hoping he didn’t come in here with any malice.
“Well…I didn’t do it alone. I had your Papa who refused to give up on me. He’s why I’m still alive today, why I’m blessed enough to have you and your brother now.  Coming to terms with your past to live your future isn’t something you can do alone.” She nodded into his chest, settling down as he rubbed circles into her back. They sat there for a few minutes, the genius having said what he wanted to and just enjoyed holding his troubled kid. She spoke again after another beat, only whispering.
Steve came back in dressed in a t-shirt and pajama bottoms, smiling at the two before making his way over to join them. When he pulled the covers back, he scoffed a little at them.
“Love you ridiculous children,” he said with his back turned to the group, moving to follow the doctor to finally see his husband. He smiled at the antics that he could hear on his way.
“Okay so I can’t do it on command but! It was really awesome. Like I looked down, and there was just nothing. And firefighters walked right past me!”
He had seen it a few times before in his life and they almost always led to something involving his fists. Somehow, God only knows, he swallowed his anger enough to not be violent to this awful woman. The rest of the room sat in stunned and awkward silence before shoving back in fear when he stood up quickly – accidentally knocking his chair over with his strength.
“Like you told me about your heart? When you found out a week ago?” she snapped at him, seeing them both draw back in surprise. “Peter told me on Sunday.”
"Hey Uncle Bucky," the young man said as he hugged the man a moment longer. They pulled back as Tony stepped forward with Miles still on his hip.
“Thanks May, you’re a lifesaver,” Steve said sincerely, laughing along with her when Peter started singing about cake.
“I’m sure whatever picture Steven painted of me was not in any good favor. But I was recently diagnosed with late stage breast cancer. I found you so I could get to know my only granddaughter…and warn you since there’s a genetic component to it.”
“Ashley?” Steve asked in a more confident voice as Tony suddenly remembers she had another name in her past life. The blonde then gently sat next to the man as they both cracked the door open a little more to see.
But suddenly, the word ‘selfish’ crossed her mind in big block letters and she suddenly found herself stopping in her tracks.
Morgan was holding what little was left of her ice cream cone, adorably covered in chocolate and sprinkles in Steve’s arms - which were also covered in chocolate.
“You challenged me, didn’t you?” she sneered back, her pride always getting the better of her. Too much like Steve in that way.
Her eyes were glassy as she spoke again. She hated showing weakness but those bitches just reminded her she could never escape her past.
“You guys!” he said flailing his arms. “You promised!” Peter’s hands moved to his hips as he glared at the two superheroes looking everywhere but at their son. Emerson walked up to stand next to him, quizzically looking between son and fathers.
"I'm excited for the landscape, technology, and sunsets not for a princess who doesn't even remember me," she said as she gathered her plate and cup to deposit in the sink. She turned to exit the kitchen, stopping when her little brother piped up.
“Now, I realize you’re here to lecture me about the dangers of marijuana before administering whatever punishment Dad ultimately decided on,” she said, throwing a glance at Tony. Which got a chuckle out of both of them. “But may I present evidence to the contrary,” she said pushing forward the stacks of papers towards them.
Steve wasn’t technically inexperienced in the bedroom, it had just been a while. Like…’ten years’ been a while. Like he’s only had the one partner in college who was equally inexperienced. He did, however, teach Steve how to give a pretty good blow job.
“Actually, it’s his birthday today,” the traitor friend replied, not looking at all bothered when Steve sent another glare his way.
“Promise?” she asked quietly, feeling like a child and suddenly needing the reassurance; remembering her father recommending, ‘just act on it’.
with him wishing it was over. But with you?” he trailed off for a moment, blinking surprising tears back as the brunette smiling back at him. “It’s
“No. Now get back to it, we have twenty minutes before we need to get ready,” he said confidently while he wiggled his hips.
“The very one,” Steve said with a sigh. “Emerson’s been a little short with us lately and extra distant. Keeps saying she’s “not ready to talk about it.” Maybe if Tony and I reached out to Kimberly then–”
“Hey kiddo, how about we get you home, huh?” the man suggested as he rubbed her arm in comfort. She suddenly shook herself from his embrace.
“Oh honey, we are all well aware of that…” Tony quipped, unable to pass on such an opportunity. He laughed once Joey started, unable to help himself from bellowing when his husband genuinely looked offended at him for the joke. He took a moment to compose himself.
“Yeah, nothing is going to happen because I’m sober and you’re shitfaced. That’s called rape,” Bucky said as he contemplated leaving this horny drunk teen alone.
“Come along, lad, let’s get your hands taped up,” Pappy said before he took off walking towards the front desk, not bothering to see if Harley was following him. But the pup did, after a moment, racing off after him as Steve watched with a fond smile.
Peter thought for a moment before saying, "we'll flip a coin for my birthday." The two men stared back at him before turning to whisper to each other, earning yet another eye roll from their children.
“We’d swim in the waves together, walk hand in hand along the sand, maybe go paddle boarding and yes, clearly we would screw like rabbits on every surface area we can. I thought that was obvious – did you think I didn’t know who I was married to?” he asked teasingly. Tony laughed in his arms, an experience Steve will never tire of, before quickly chiming in.
“-NO! ’S’NOT OKAY EMERSON” he interrupted, shaking his head from her embrace flailing his arms, somehow more dramatic than when he was sober – she chuckled internally. She sat back as he met her eyes again. “You don’t deserve this and I know what you’ve gone through and it was just selfish of me, honestly-”
“-I didn’t say that!” Tony squeaked out. “No, you already asked so no takesies backsies,” he said triumphantly as he crossed his arms over his chest.
“So…I sort of…started a charity for your first anniversary present. And got the dates confused, which is why I sprung it on you for this evening…”
“He’s got his Aunt Pepper on standby and is with his Uncle Thor till we get back. You know that man spoils the hell out of our kids.” His husband smiled when he did, glad to see him thinking the same thing.
“Daddy?” Peter asked from the backseat of Tony’s car. The boy wasn’t as vocal as he usually was, so Tony was glad he finally spoke up half-way home from school.
“You’re too good for me,” Clint said quietly with a smile, looking down at Lucky and not noticing Bucky scooting over to him. In an instant, the brunette pounced on the blonde, crawling over him as Clint let out a yelp. James started attacking his face and neck with kisses, getting Clint to start laughing below him - especially when Lucky barked and joined James in slobbery kisses.
The girl, who was several inches shorter than his rapidly growing teen, visibly flinched at the gesture and turned red from embarrassment. She quickly shook off her fear and put her hand out to reciprocate.
“BUCKY!” the boy shouted before leaving the door open and walking off. Clint stood on the porch, not taking that necessarily as an invitation as Bucky came into his view.
After several books, he looked over to see his brother was knocked out, practically drooling on the teenager. Steve then looked down, seeing Joey was still wide awake before he sighed heavily.
“Hey sweetheart, congrats on your spelling test,” Uncle Steve said with a smile as she suddenly got more excited to talk about her painting.
“Good, then I’ll be waiting for you in the bedroom,” the blonde said with a wink before stealing a quick kiss from the brunette’s lips.
"They'll be in Brazil for a week, then they have a whole adventure day planned with you when they get back. The new wolf cubs at the zoo should be out for you to see." She smiled and settled against him, so incredibly happy with her family.
“Yup,” Steve said as he pulled his boy in for a hug and kiss, grabbing his hand to lead the way to the wedding.
“I don’t think my…parents would be okay with that,” she said, careful of using ‘dads’ amongst her peers.
“ALRIGHT! That’s enough of that!” Tony screeched in a panic, cheeks adorably blushed as he put his son down to swat at his friend. Steve just smiled, chest warm and inner Alpha preening at being the best night of Tony’s life. “Sourpatch why don’t you and Harley go get us some ice cream while I say bye to my friend?”
"Breakfast tacos?!" she asked excitedly as he nodded his head just as excitedly. "Race you there," she challenged as the two propelled themselves off the bed and sprinted down the hall. They tied as they halted to a stop in the kitchen, laughing as their Dad stood with his coffee and smiled at the pair - while their Pop gave them a small look of disapproval before turning back to finish with breakfast.
It caught the genius off guard as he scrunched his nose up in offense, since they both knew Tony was also partially trying to rile Steve up.
“My Papa called me that when I was little. She was my Papa Bear and I was her Baby Bear. It just...kind of slipped out.” Steve hesitated a moment, wondering if it would only make things worse with the boy.
…” she cried before falling limp from exhaustion, every bit of negative emotion curling in her gut and crushing her soul. Guilt was at the forefront, as she couldn’t help thinking what her Dad would think of the almost adult.
Thoughts of who would be the first to pull the trigger and end this relationship clouded his mind, until he heard James clearing his throat again in front of him.
"We should head out as well, thanks for the congratulatory drinks everyone," her Tati said as he gently pushed her off his lap in order to stand up.
“I’m betting he ran away with the president’s daughter,” Sam spoke up, saluting Tony before doing another shot and draping his arm around Natasha. “He’s too pretty for the circus and he’s too smart to get knocked up by a teacher.”
“I wasn’t talking about the pup, love.” Tony looked up at the older Omega, wondering if he’ll ever have the same mind-reading super powers that came with having kids.
"So that was a flashback, then?" he asked as he pulled her back into his embrace, gently rocking her when she nodded yes.
,” Steve whined as that bastard just kept teasing the blonde, standing up off the bed and grabbing the blue bikini cut.
“That’s absolutely right,” Tony said with a shaky voice, eyes on Steve as the blonde felt a vast amount of love pushing through the bond. They looked at each other another moment before the fourth member of their little family cried out for attention.
“Samantha was an innocent baby! She was a sweet angel that didn’t deserve you as parents!” she screamed-sobbed.
Buck was a great catcher, catching fly balls and getting the other team out at second every time they tried to steal. And every time he got up to bat, he knocked the shit out of the ball and ended up on base.
“Are you really going to make me bring up the MET Gala of ’96?” he asked with a smirk. She returned the laughter and quickly pointed a finger at him in defense.
Tony had explained to Harley what ‘bonding’ meant, frowning at the pup’s glare and sudden outburst. He had taken that attitude with them as the three went to Tony’s childhood home.
“I love you too,” he assured the panic-stricken man, kissing him again and relishing the smile pressed against his lips. He pulled away to look down at Peter, sure he’d have his two cents to add, only to find his eyes closed.
The three sat in Dr. Carmichael’s office as she looked over the test results, Joey sitting in between the two men across from her.
“Well then…can I take you to dinner?” were the words that came out of Helen’s mouth, but Joey took about half a minute to process them.
“Another cheating scandal, Steven. Really?” Steve rolled his eyes and thought back to the last time this happened.
Her soft brown eyes were washed in concern as Joey realized she was waiting for an answer, which meant she had asked her a question.
“You better watch what you say or I’ll put you in your place the way your slutty-ass is known for,” Hunter threatened.
He was starting to regret asking his parents to move back. Sure he loved being around Bucky and within driving distance of his grandma, but was it worth the endless stares and constant attention?
Tony took it upon himself to take lead, gently pushing the blonde back against the couch in order to climb fully onto his lap. Steve gave him a half-smile, reminding himself they had both made vows they’d sworn to never break. He ran his thumb across Tony’s cheekbone, the genius returning the small smile as they looked into each other’s eyes. The brunette then brought his hand up to rest against his husband’s hand still stroking his cheek.
So, while she was sitting in detention, she texted old friends of hers that she used to drink with to hang out.
“No, baby, no of course not!” he said as he picked his son up and hugged him close to his chest. He turned back to his husband, the man walking over to wrap his arms around both of them in added comfort.
He was sitting on the back porch, drawing pad in hand when a magazine suddenly fell into his lap. The blonde smiled as he looked up, nose scrunched up in confusion.
,” Clint said with a raised brow, smiling when the girl ran back inside. James’ hand came into view as he helped the blonde stand up on his feet.
“Just teasing you, darling. Do you want some tea? I could use some tea,” the brunette said as he walked directly back into the house, leaving the magazine on the ground. Steve grabbed it before following him, if nothing else to recycle it properly.
“Protective later, kiss me now,” the shorter teen growled before standing on his toes to kiss those perfect lips. Steve made a noise, but just smiled into the kiss and even deepened it. The blonde then tightened his arm around the teen, which had Tony melt in his embrace.
“No shit Sherlock!” he shouted at them and slammed his hands on the table. He saw Pepper out of the corner of his eye raise a brow at him, but it didn’t stop him like it normally does.
“Maybe not drink, but I agree that’s awesome Bucky,” Steve said with a pointed look at Thor. “I was thinking of ordering pizza for dinner anyway. You guys hungry?”
, he thought fondly to himself while shifting the boy in his arms, before being interrupted by the case worker.
A moment later the AI spoke, “I do not detect Miss Josephine in the mansion or on the surrounding perimeter.”
“I believe you have had too much to drink friend, shall I call you a cab?” Thor asked politely, not looking like he was trying very hard to keep Rumlow in place.
"Always, my love," Tony said, kissing him one more time before snuggling up to cuddle with the love of his life.
She joined the others in clapping until the two men waved her over. Jumping off Uncle Thor's lap, she ran to join her dads as the song changed to a more bouncy one. Others joined them on the dancefloor as she was swept up into her Daddy's arms. She went from one father to the other before being placed back on the floor, where she danced with everyone there.
“Thank you,” she said quietly, unable to meet his eye and turned and smiled at Morgan. “Maybe...maybe one day I can take one of your baths.”
A smile started spreading across Em’s face at his antics. She was glad to have these two on her side. She stole a glance at her other foster father, the one who was glaring daggers into his husband’s head and couldn’t help the laugh that escaped her lips.
"So you just waltz into my country with a new haircut after we hadn't seen each other in years, and you're suddenly too good to greet the princess?" Emerson completely froze as the young woman came to a stop in front of her. She ignored her Dad snickering behind her as the silence grew between the two.
in timeout…” he said suggestively. The brunette snorted out a laugh, hand going over his mouth in immediate embarrassment. Steve simply removed the hand to kiss him again. He pulled back as he pet the face of the man he loved.
“-I never said that! You are not crazy!” Bucky snapped back, immediately calming down and speaking in a softer tone. “I want to help but it’s like no matter what I say it’s wrong.”
“-I can actually. Like I said, my Aunt Peggy is amazing and I also made sure to get rid of the few board members you’ve convinced to be on your side. Which means I’ll have to decline your offer,” Tony said casually, pausing as the waiter brought the food to the table. “Could you wrap ours up, actually? We’ll take ours to go,” Tony said sweetly to the waiter, pulling some cash out to leave him a hefty tip. “You know what? Lunch is on me, since I’m not so sure you can afford it.” He stood up and smiled at the awed silence.
Tony was instantly lifted up into the air and laughed as Steve seamlessly stood up with Tony in his arms and marched them to the bedroom.
Wade had a smile plastered on his face and Peter had to roll his eyes at the man a moment later when he pulled his phone out to snap a picture of the two.
“Hey Pete, come on, I’ll give you a piggy back ride to the car,” she offered the toddler; impressing the genius as she simultaneously ended their day without fuss and took some of the weight off Tony’s back…literally. The boy squealed in response, grabbing onto the teen as she squatted down to help him. The three walked quietly back to the car, Tony only having to help Joey a little with the buckling up of Pete’s car seat – as the unconscious toddler always made it a tad difficult. The ride back was long, as there was an accident up ahead on their route, though neither of the two seemingly minding as the radio played.
"Oh, well we should hold Daddy to his promises, huh? How about we grab just three bags and I help you try on the first outfit while your sister and Dad talk, okay?" The blonde asked with an extended hand to their youngest, who easily accepted and jumped to grab some bags and race to the closest bathroom. Tony laughed along with Emerson and Steve as the taller father followed the very excited child.
“Emerson, honey I’m going to take a picture of this – with your permission – to show your case worker… is that okay?” Tony had asked in a gentle tone, still in disbelief. She turned to give him a small nod before quickly grimacing at the cold ointment Steve had started to implement on her back.
“I promise, Pete, she still loves you and me a whole heck of a lot. Maybe not Papa, cause he was the one who spanked her last night for being bad,” he teased, glad to see his husband groan and his son look genuinely shocked.
"Actually Miles, she lives with three superheroes," Steve corrected as the little boy's eyes lit up once more. "Emerson, why don't you go get your brother to meet Miles?" Emerson's eyes lit up as well before she turned to get her little brother's attention.
Even his best friend, who was already drunk and stating she could take them both on, challenging the two laughing teens just as they heard a commotion. Clint smile dropped from his face when he saw Brock and Ryan making their way to the beer pong table.
The coffee and food finally woke her up, since she didn't sleep at all last night from having more nightmares. She was up and had heard her Dad comforting Miles last night, so glad she found the boy as she knew her Dad would finally get some sleep too.
After listening to the inputs of two teenagers giving his husband a day and a half to blow off some steam – Steve thought he had an idea of how to handle the fight he was having with Tony. He put some of the supplies he had gathered, putting it into his gym bag before texting Pepper that he was headed to her place to talk to Tony.
“Jackson, you let go of Steve,” Bucky teasingly growled at the eighteen month old who squealed in excitement.
“I need to practice, you’d be doing me a favor,” she spoke up again, walking over to the books and wondering if he’d fall for it. He was looking pretty sleepy and maybe if she could read to him he’d fall asleep and turn back into the doctor.
," he whispered as quietly as a five year old could. Which was to say she and her brother could hear it clearly from the other side of the large couch.
“Do you actually think that,” Steve spoke dangerously quietly, “after nineteen years of being married to you?”
“Heck, your Daddy could probably make one you could ride and customize it to your favorite dinosaur. Maybe make a stegosaurus and ride it’s back with the dorsal fins,” the Alpha teased, smiling when the pup groaned against him.
“Come on baby, we can’t start without you! You have the most important job as the ring bearer, remember?” Steve tried again.
“Harry we talked about this…” Miles trailed off. Harry had some physical problems. He was asthmatic, had scoliosis as a kid and was short and skinny in stature. While Miles understood the appeal of being a superhero, he was skeptical of letting a kid do this.
“But…” Steve fumbled, “…then why did you date him on and off?” Apparently that was the wrong question, Steve immediately feeling extra guilty when Tony finally turned to face him and looked absolutely broken.
“Daciana. Baby, please we are here to take you home,” he choked out, unaware that tears had begun to form in his eyes.
His mind snaps back to the present when Tony attacks his lips the second the elevator doors closed. Steve suddenly takes initiative and pushes Tony back against the wall, gripping his shoulders and kissing him like his life depended on it. Tony let out a pleased little moan that had Steve quickly pushing their bodies together, each party seeing how excited the other was. Steve moved his hands from the man’s shoulders, down his back and gripped that perky little ass he’s been dreaming about for days. The shorter man let out another little moan that sent a shiver down Steve’s spine.
“Oh, yeah sure…hang on,” she said before covering the microphone and moving to walk into the kitchen to find her.
"Peter, I love you. I'm sorry if these last few months have been weird. Some of it was actual missions, but some stuff I had to figure out and while I was doing that, I also worked on planning this entire thing.
"My man!" Pat said with a hand out to high five the kid, the boy grinning and complying. "I saw him on the news, that dude is awesome. We can definitely do that for ya. And you miss? I hear you'd like a cut and color?" Pat asked as he ushered the two to sit in chairs next to each other.
that the same man tried to give me to her immediately following my father’s death, like that bitch seriously threw it in my face to get me to hang out with her. Her guilt of being a shitty person for sending her son to suicide made her reach out to me before she…dies….of breast cancer. Which is genetic. So yeah… add that to the list of medical concerns I have – on top of motherfucking epilepsy. Plus…the girl I’m in love with is a closeted coward and to top it all off - !”
“I’m sorry. If I’ve ever made you feel like ‘the girl’ or a damsel or something. You’re a badass man, it’s one of the many things I love about you…”
“¿Porque no los dos?” she asked with a wink, popping another strawberry in her mouth before exiting out of the kitchen. The blonde turned to look at Tony with a brow raised.
He looked at his dads as they fought Wade over the check, wondering if he’ll ever have anything close to the kind of love they have.
“Yeah, my dads adopted me when I was sixteen, but before I met them I was in the system since I was eleven.”
“That’s a great idea, Daci! And Petey, we’ll have JARVIS let you guys know when we’re heading home, okay? Hopefully it’ll just be a few hours.” Steve said with a smile as he walked over to hug the boy. “Buck? Clint? You guys don’t mind right? Maybe fix them a snack and hope we make it back before dinner?” Steve said as he walked around to kiss his three kids.
"That you are one of the greatest men I've ever known. That Deadpool has done more good than bad in this world. And that I love you dearly." Wade kissed him again, wrapping his arms around the smaller man and bringing him into his embrace. Peter used one hand to caress Wade's face, using the other to reach over and press the elevator button.
“I am,” he answered honestly, looking inside the home where part of his wonderful family waited for him.
“Emerson, you are just as innocent and precious as your sister. You were the one that made her feel loved in her short life and no one blames you for wanting the best for her. But what I wanted to say… is that you didn’t deserve that life either. That life was…unfair and very cruel to you,” he closed his eyes as a few tears spilled, thinking of what she has gone through. He opens his eyes and smiles as her own tears betray her, finding strength to finish.
“I want my Daddy,” the pup cried before going into a coughing fit. Steve was unable to hold back this time, reaching over and rubbing the boy’s shoulders in comfort.
If his husband had met the kid before they adopted the toddlers, then yes - it sounds like something he could handle. But he had two little people to worry about now. Which meant putting their safety first.
“The first meeting is a formality,” she continued assuredly, “we aren’t talking about anything deep today. Just getting to know each other and finding out if there is anything specifically you’d like to get out of therapy.”
“Oh, then yes of course I’ll be your date,” he said with a sigh, smiling when his husband tightened his hold around him. “What was the good news?” he asked, suddenly remembering.
“Just uh, don’t hurt my little brother,” Barney said seriously as Clint felt his cheeks blush in embarrassment, the air in the room suddenly changing. “Cause joking or not, I’ve killed more than enough people to classify as a serial killer. And I know how to make it look like an accident.”
“I don’ wanna,” Lilli complained as Tony walked over to sit by the toddlers and pull their granddaughter into his lap.
She needs to leave before she is additionally scarred, he thought while wiping his nose. But that thought only made the anxiety drop like a boulder in his stomach, which in turn had Tony keeling over, arms wrapped around his stomach mumbling “not s’pposed to see m’ like this.”
“You...are you serious, Tony? You share a soulmate bond?” she asked, eyes watering when he nodded in response.
“I don’t know, you’re still kicking. You should give yourself more credit,” Bucky said as he sat next to him on the floor, rummaging through the bags for more toys.
“Yeah, it wasn’t a big deal. Kids deserve normal lives, regardless of how incredibly rich and handsome their father is…” he said, glad to see a smile instantly reappear on her face. Peter made it clear he was getting impatient, so the two quickly got out of the car and helped Peter from his seat.
Tony focused on his breathing as he thought about that spark he felt when he had shaken Steve’s hand and chalked up to static electricity. How fan-fucking-tastic the sex was between the two.
“I said I’ll be Prince Charming,” he said quietly, a small blush appearing as he turned his focus back to the tablet. Steve looked around at his wonderful family, beginning to turn to his room when he remembered what his husband had said.
“Marcus, you take a few minutes as well,” she added. Tony begrudgingly took a sip to assure the man he wasn’t actually fired, and also avoided the “I told you so” look from Pepper.
The mansion had a gorgeous indoor pool, and though she’d rather make everyone begin to pick out Halloween outfits, she conceded to joining them. Plus it would give her the opportunity to get to know her new foster-nephew better.
“He’s out with his new girlfriend, huh?” That apparently was the wrong question, as her tiny body stiffened next to him.
“Oh jeez, don’t remind me. The team would not shut up about it, Rumlow took the crown and did god knows what with it.”
"Let's get our girl," he said as the walked around the debris to get to the hidden entrance to the underground tunnels. T'Challa had informed them beforehand, as he rode behind and ordered the Dora Mijale to find Klaue and look out for Emerson. They were given access to the blueprints of the tunnels as they tried to figure out how the outlaw had orchestrated all of this.
The blonde went to fill up a glass of water from his son’s bathroom, wondering how long his son would sleep. As he placed the water on the night stand by his unconscious boy, he turned to place a kiss on his son’s forehead before moving to follow his husband and daughter out of the room.
“But neither of us are going anywhere, okay? We’re right here,” he finished quietly after planting another kiss on her head. He held her for a few more minutes as the three sat in comfortable silence.
“Don’t be dramatic, you’ll have lots of fun! Plus I checked ahead, and I know for a fact they have wolves…” That certainly piqued her interest, but she had one other idea to seal the deal.
“Okay, I’ll go grab wolf,” she said before racing off to her room. Wolf was sitting on her bed, she grabbed her before making her way to her father’s room. Her Tati was waiting for her, a smile on his face as he pulled the covers back. As she climbed in with him, she squeezed wolf close to her chest and nuzzled against her father.
“Is this about you liking Alphas and Omegas? Cause I’m pretty sure we had this conversation three years ago,” Howard cut him off, clearly annoyed that Tony called this meeting.
“My airplane got stuck on the bookshelf,” the six year old said simply, shrugging his shoulders in response once again.
Now though...now he was actually excited to dance with a hot blonde on his arm. And dance they did, just about every song Clint grabbed his arm and dragged him to the dancefloor. Rhodes and Danvers won prom king and queen and Buck could only laugh when Clint stole her crown and proceeded to dance with the redhead who stole the king’s crown.
“Stop pretending you’re the innocent one here, I’ve experienced your kinks first hand, mister,” the brunette said while pointedly rubbing his ass into Steve’s crotch.
“Alright, you two keep having fun while I eat what’s left of the cake all. By. Myself,” James said in a sing-song voice, which immediately had the two blondes conceding.
“Yeah,” Steve answered with a chuckle, snuggled on the couch with his kids. “Peter might have argued for more books in your favor.”
“They bonded quickly! Who was I to intervene?” his husband squeaked out when Peter tried to reach around his sister to smack him.
“Your one rule is to not use your powers in the outside world. Now you’re going to sit here and think about it while I fix us some lunch.” She watched him turn to go, waiting for him to close her door before climbing under her covers. Maybe if she napped, she’d wake up in a better mood.
“Did they…do you feel like they did something?” he asked, voice dripping with a mixture of anger, horror and heartache.
. We were supposed to run away together.” Clint didn’t respond to that, just looking down at his lap as Bucky saw a tear splash the hospital sheets. The brunette walked over and sat on the chair Natasha had been sitting on.
“Daciana!” Tati barked out, anger written across his face. She wasn’t thinking when she broke the rule of no powers in public. She just wanted to make sure nothing bad happened to Peter.
“–okay, I get it. Sorry, I’m not…I’m not trying to overstep. Just saying in the grand scheme of things…”
They ended up letting Harley see him the next weekend for a few hours, since Tony wasn’t ready to let him spend the night. He dropped off his pup at the hotel Ty was staying at, forcing a smile as he watched his son run into Stone’s arms. The Alpha was a little taken aback, but still lifted the pup into his arms.
The wheels in his head began clicking in to place, seeing where she was going with this as he shook his head ‘no.’
Long story short, Bucky was pretty furious and now she has to be clothed whenever she’s out with him.
“You’re officially ungrounded for the next twenty four hours, Petey,” Steve said remaining on the bed. Emerson was standing next to her brother with a smile on her face. Peter, on the other hand, only offered a small smile as he looked at his sister.
to me. So…apparently I can’t escape the phrase between fathers,” she said with a smile in reassurance. Tony looked like he actually might cry this time, before surprising her and throwing himself at her in a bear hug.
“Rogers,” Fury said a little more calmly. Steve turned to him, confused but fairly aware of what went down. “After I’m done with Rumlow, I’d like to speak with you in my office.” The blonde nodded in response, face burning a little with the humiliation of the situation. He had seen the coffee table at this point, a tabloid with a more recent picture of the two – making it hard to deny it was anyone but Steve Rogers dating Tony Stark.
And that’s when he spots Harry. And his lifeless body. Miles blinks a few times before moving his feet, removing the shards covering him to pull him out of the wreckage and onto a safe surface.
“I don’t know. Dad’s still technically a foster parent, right? Maybe she could stay with us for a bit?”
The genius felt a small wave of anger roll over him. “You think I find this amusing? Do you really think we bring this up for our own enjoyment?”
“Come on, Harls. Let’s go to the toy store,” Ty said with a smug grin, one hand outstretched towards the pup who immediately accepted the invitation.
“Honey I’m just saying, he already has the bite, right? Not like he can...un-spiderman himself, right?”
“Don’t give me that look, she likes your reading better,” Bucky said as he plopped down on the couch next to Steve. Joey returned a moment later, an entire stack of books in her tiny arms – so much so that a few dropped along the way.
Who never once made her feel in any way unwelcome in his giant mansion or like she was any less his kid than Peter.
“Glad to hear it, kiddo,” his Pops said with a smile. “We’re here if you want to talk. And if you didn’t eat at Ned’s I put a plate for you in the oven.”
T'Challa had been able to catch Klaue, locking him up in Wakanda's prison for the rest of his life. He smiled when Emerson said goodbye to her new girlfriend, silencing her little brother who fake gagged at them. They were grateful for their hosts, but it was time to go back home.
“Steven, I believe you promised me a tour of the grounds?” Okoye said to her Pop, who nodded enthusiastically and grabbed her Dad’s hand.
“Next aisle, kiddo,” Buck teased as walked past Steve. The teen turned to walk alongside him, making faces at his niece.
“– it’s fine, Em. Tony and I were thinking of doing a date night that night anyway. Just don’t pick too late a show time, alright? Pepper invited all of us to brunch Saturday.”
“It’s only the nuthouse when you show your ugly mug around here,” Becca sneered at their brother, dodging the pillow Buck threw at her.
“I wanted you to know why I don’t want to take meds,” Clint admitted aloud, chest heaving as he took another sharp breath.
“You’re right,” Sam continued more seriously, “in a perfect world we wouldn’t need to defend each other over shit we don’t have control over. But we don’t live in that world. We live in a world that hates difference. So if anyone,
They both turned to the sounds of Miles and Emerson coming home, which prompted Steve to grab his husband’s hand and take them to the bedroom for more privacy.
“No, if the faggy wants his ass beat, who am I to deny him of that?” Rumlow slurred out as Clint felt James take a step closer to him.
“Wow, thank you both for coming to my place of work to gawk at my employee,” the blonde said with an eye roll as he began to make his own plate. “If you’ll both excuse me,” he said with a mock-glare before taking his plate back to his office.
“Nope, enough, I don’t need to hear a single other word,” she said seriously, grabbing the hood part of Tony’s MIT hoody she had stolen and tightened it around her face in anguish.
“Just hand over my niece and I won’t sick SHIELD on your dumbass,” Clint said, taking Emerson from him and gently placing her on the ground by Peter to check for injuries.
“See Steve? Stark. Like I said,” Tony said as he sat next to his husband, cuddling up to give Em space on the other side of his husband.
“Hey!” Clint cried out as Steve had the wherewithal to not growl at his friend for saying Tony was pretty.
“Sweetheart. I promise you, I am only trying to help. No one is forcing you to say anything, but just know…just know we’re concerned because we care about you.”
“Wow,” Tony breathed out, warmth in his chest before he remembered something that made him feel cold. “Steve?”
"Shit, I'm sorry Steve I didn't mean to upset you. Fuck, you're on vacation and I am ruining it with my crazy thoughts. Don't listen to me Steve, I spend way too much time out here by myself," Bucky tried to reassure him as Steve fake smiled back at him. His family walked back over to join the men as Steve did his best to compose himself from the state of shock he was momentarily in.
“It was a hard fought battle, but we claimed victory in the end!” the voice boomed, suddenly reminding both her and her father who it was. They shared a look of relief before they continued walking, turning with a smile to see Thor standing in the middle of the room. She had almost forgotten him, as he had flown back to Asgard after he helped rescue her father.
“I’ve actually got a date tonight, and no I’m not giving you any details,” Sourpatch said to Tony pointedly. “But I look forward to the cobbler when I come back tomorrow,” Rhodey said with a smile, standing up and stretching out. Tony stood up to walk him out, smiling when his family wished him farewell before walking the taller man to the elevator.
“Daddy!” Peter cried as he calmed down enough to gently crawl up to kiss and smother the man’s face.
"Come on, Em, I think you could use some hot chocolate," he said as he opened the door for her, an invitation to keep each other company. She followed him with a smile, even though she knew her Pop would probably tattle on her later and tell her Dad.
“Well, that’s okay too,” Kate said, still smiling. “Anything I should know so we can work well together?” That got a genuine smile from Emerson.
“Ah, excellent point, Em,” Peter added, “follow up question; do you realize that you two act more like teenagers than your actual teenage children?”
They took Tony’s car, since apparently Steve had purposefully left his truck at home. The sneaky sexy bastard must’ve planned this. He even snuck his card in front of Tony to pay for their ice cream.
It worked, for the most part, focusing the two shorter teens’ attentions as they once again talked about Buck’s ass.
“You know what I mean,” the brunette clarified with a smile in his voice. “What do you want me to do to help?”
The conversation was interrupted when the pair heard tiny footsteps join them. Steve looked up at his sleepy youngest, rubbing one eye while carrying Spiderman in the other - sporting an Iron Man suit-like pair of pajamas. He looked over to Emerson who gave the father an exasperated look, which he simply shrugged his shoulders in response.
“That is enough, Josephine,” Steve growled out at her. She looked over at him, angry tears spilling down her cheeks as she stared down his fiery blue eyes.
The woman was already there, sitting at a small table and smiling at the teen as she made her way over. Joey sat across from the woman, only offering a small smile in greeting while the waitress brought them both waters.
"Well, what does your heart tell you then, buttercup?" he asked with a smile. His smile grew when his love finally made eye contact again, cheeks blushing pink as he responded.
“Because…because I wasn’t good enough –” he choked out a little sob, breaking the super soldier’s heart.
“Captain Coulson is retiring in the fall which would give you enough time to take the necessary exams to replace him, if you’re interested.” Steve stared at him dumbfounded, thinking he was coming in here to get fired and Fury was offering him a promotion.
Having Tony as a creator apparently meant Jarvis could easily read bullshit and she would be lying if she didn’t admit she was glad for that.
“She asked me if I liked it when Peter called me Big Papa?” He was hoping for a kind smile and explanation, getting instead three people erupting into laughter at his disposal. He began tapping his foot with impatience, what was so damn funny???
“Petey, that isn’t true baby,” Pepper said softly as Jim gently led the teen to sit down on the chair behind her. “He’s both your Daddies and she loves him just as much as you do–”
The laughter immediately died out after her fist collided with Staci’s face, the skinny girl instantly collapsing to the ground.
who was already under the knife. Instead you got yourself detention, went out, drank alcohol, and fucking
“Here I am?” she asked as she slowly made her way to join them at the table they had moved to. Steve frowned at her movement, because it looked an awful lot like she was in pain.
“Bring it on, old man,” Harley growled with a smile before charging the Alpha, throwing a right hook that Steve easily dodged.
"Get her back," Peter said in anger, nodding at the fathers as they waited for T'Challa to open the plane's doors - allowing them to fly ahead to find their girl and possibly murder Klaue.
“Harley was waiting for an hour before I went to get him,” Steve explained, further fueling the fire. Because fuck Tiberius Stone.
"I turned away for like two seconds," he said in his defense as he walked behind the couch, plopping the clothes in Helen's lap before moving to steal Sammy from Tony, cooing at the baby as she giggled in his arms.
“Night Jo,” Steve said after kissing the top of her head and released her. She walked over to Tony, looking a little shy even though they hugged earlier, making Tony smile as he grabbed her arm and brought her back into his chest.
"Did you have fun, sweetheart?" he asked her as he freed one arm to wrap around her. She snuggled against him and nodded yes, smiling and watching her dads still dancing and swaying in each other's arms.
“…well I am now!” Tony said blinking in surprise, getting a laugh from the blonde. “No but seriously – depending on how good you are – I know plenty of spaces that could use some color. I would, of course, have to see your work before making any offers.”
“Yes! Thank you baby girl,” her Pop said as her Dad reemerged out of the water, sputtering and shooting her a glare.
Wheels started turning in Peter’s head, and as he slowly opened his mouth Miles shot up off the couch and grabbed Peter’s hand.
Wade likes you too. Peter couldn’t control his smile as he got into bed, didn’t really mind waking up with one the next day either.
“Sleep tight. I promise, we’ll be here in the morning.” She nodded, feeling Steve release her hand and stand up to join his husband. Tony brushed some of the hair from her eyes, tucking it behind her ear and allowing his paternal instincts to take over before dropping a quick kiss to the top of her head.
“Hey… do you think it’d be okay if Peter and I saw that new horror movie this Friday? It’s rated R but it’s getting really good reviews and you guys can come –“
"Hey Miles, I'm Steve, it's a pleasure to meet you," the blonde said before turning to his husband...who was staring at the toy with a small pout on his face. "And this grumpy old man is Tony," he added and smiled when the little boy giggled at the description.
“How was school Joey?” he asked the teen as she stood up to carry Peter around the kitchen piggy back style.
The blonde stared at the house, momentarily wondering what it was like to live with parents before he took a deep breath and climbed the stairs.
“That’s our cue,” Sam said with a heavy sigh, standing up off the couch and grabbing his mate’s hand.
“Don’t lie,” Steve growled out, debating with himself whether he should throw that magazine away now or later. They settled into a comfortable silence, gazing out at their view of distant mountains until his husband spoke quietly.
“You know what the sad thing is? Peter’s actual grandmother has a smart phone, granted…she’s only in her late 50s but still…”
“I named you after my mother and you side with the klutz?” the older brunette asked with a mock glare as Daci only smiled back at her father, aware he wasn’t actually upset.
“I was showing him what HYDRA taught me,” she explained quietly, shrinking further into herself when the older brunette shut his eyes tightly.
"Is Asgard safe for a five year old to travel to?" Emerson asked skeptically, the two fathers sharing a knowing smile at her confusion.
“It may take some time for him to wake up, so don’t fret. We’ll be checking in on his vitals frequently,” she assured the husband who was now at his love’s bedside.
“Tati,” she groaned, wiggling her arm free when it really started to hurt. He let her go immediately and momentarily looked guilty before he steeled his face again. She watched as he reached into his pocket and pulled his phone out, pressing some buttons as a yellow taxi cab pulled up in front of them. They were both quiet as they silently got in, Daci deciding not to apologize until they were back at the Tower.
“Do you know how great you are? Like, seriously? Most five year olds are horrible and loud little monsters, but you?” she said as she added kisses on top of his head. “You are so sweet, and kind, and generous – which is the opposite of spoiled. You could’ve been a spoiled brat, in fact given who your Daddy is…you
She heard him take a deep breath, wondering if he was mad enough to skip the usual lecture that came before the punishment.
“Daciana, why don’t you and I find the ice cream vendor?” Natasha asked quietly, startling his kid who looked back at the redhead in shock. “
“-I’m not a mutant and I never said I was a hero. And if you want to tell them,” the man said before whipping around and facing Miles, “be my guest.” Miles stared at him for a moment, wondering how he was able to call his bluff when the other guy just smirked at him.
“No, baby girl you weren’t bad,” Steve said with tears of his own as he gently reached out to her. She shrunk back at that, which had Steve frown and bring his hand back to himself in silent agreement.
“What did he say then? You can’t keep me in suspense! I know you’re in love with the guy.” He quickly glanced around embarrassed.
“No, but Uncle Bruce Uncle Clint and Uncle Thor aren’t either and I still call them uncle. ‘Cept for Aunt Tasha, obviously.”
He was still waking up, cursing his husband for not letting him have coffee yet, as he hugged his girl tight and watched his husband hold their sleeping five year old. Rhodey and Pepper weren’t any help either, just shushing him before giving the small family some privacy.
"I don't want a party!" she said with her arms in the air, reminding the genius a little too much of himself.
” Wade growled at the toddler who suddenly made a game of trying to jump back in the pool his Daddy was in. She noticed Peter (trying to) put the floaties on a wiggly Lillian's tiny arms and laughed when her own dads and younger brother walked past them to join her.
Everything worked perfectly, he pick-pocketed Barnes’ wallet  in the hallway when the final bell rang and gave him a head start before he followed the teen home. Luckily he didn’t live far from the school, since Clint had to ride his bike and he was still sore from gymnastics yesterday.
“None of you are doctors, okay? You guys have no idea how close I was to taking the stairway to heaven,” he said with a smile, laughing as his family groaned at him. Like hell he wasn’t going to milk this for all it’s worth.
“I’ll take him back to bed, thanks for watching my kids Barnes,” Tony said, Steve well aware his husband was tired as well if he was being sincere and not using any nicknames.
“You’re twenty-four minutes late Jo,” he said. “That’s twenty-four minutes of me keeping your Pop from call the police. Or the president.” She stifled a laugh at that when Steve just squinted at her before he turned back to his husband.
“What are you homos talking about?” Brock Rumlow said as he made his way to join the group, followed by his partner Kyle who laughed loudly at the man’s question.
“I thought we broke up?” he choked out, cursing himself and his stupid mouth. When he looked back at the teen, he didn’t look angry or hurt, he was smiling back at him.
“–no I mean, I don’t believe this,” he said as he showed Tony the pictures. “Look, her eyes are slightly open in this picture and you can see she’s drenched in sweat. I…I don’t think she drank, Tony. I think she had a seizure…” Tony looked incredulously back and forth from the picture and the genuine look on Steve’s face.
“Are we going to see your favorite animal Clint? Tati said they have wolves and those are my favorite.”
Didn’t stop her from groaning in complaint though, smiling when he gently pulled the covers back and smiled down at her. She squinted a little at him, giving her eyes a second to adjust to the light as he gently brushed some of the hair from her face.
He would’ve loved to have eavesdropped on them, but he knew the AI better than that. Jarvis would tell his dads and he wasn’t even sure he wanted to hear what they were discussing.
Pop never did this. He can count on his hand how many times he’d seen Pops truly upset. And not one of those times did he bring Peter into it. He understood that mind set, feeling like you have to be the strong one above all else. Like he didn’t want his son to see him weak or fragile, even though he was still a human being –
Steve felt a little bit of conversational whip-lash as he suddenly heard some beeps from his phone followed by silence. The smile stayed plastered on his face as the realization of what happened sunk in.
“Would you rather me talk about how much I love eating Tony’s ass? Cause I can talk about how much I love eating-”
"Oh yeah? Smartass? Em we're coming with you whether you want us to or not. In fact, you'll be squeezing your Dad's hand whenever you feel pain, okay?" the blonde said as he started leading their daughter back to the exam room.
“It’s only AFI’s number two ranked film of all time. Plus the little amount of Italian I got from my very white mother’s side kind of morphs me into a mobster when I watch it.”
“What? I don’t hate it, I just don’t like it. It’s a preference thing, I’ve always coughed up a lung when I tried smoking. I know you smoke, doll. I know it helps with your anxiety and stuff. I wouldn’t step in unless I thought you were doing something addictive.” Clint continued staring at the brunette a moment longer, sitting there in awe until Lucky brought him the rope toy to play with.
He loved singing Beatles songs to his kids. Other artists he saved for Steve, like Marvin Gaye or Genuine.
He was saved from the two teenagers having trouble formulating words when the principal waved him back to his office. As he walked back he realized his imagination had gotten the better of him, imagining Peter and Emerson sitting across from each other with possible bruises. What he saw when he opened the door, was not necessarily any better.
“It’s alright buddy, she didn’t just save a city from mutant frogs,” Steve said in sympathy while he stood up, patting the giant on his shoulder with a sleepy Morgan in his arms. “Nice job Daci. That was the fastest end to a JGG code we’ve ever had.”
getting some sleep. And without him having to physically drag him, no less. He pulled the covers back and climbed in next to him, reaching over to grab his husband’s waist and pulling him back to the center so they could spoon.
“Hey cub,” he said with a smile as he bent his head to look at her face. The smile disappeared when he noticed tears begin forming in her eyes.
Clint gawked at him for a moment, thinking of someone able to walk away from him after a week and a half.
“Okay,” Jo said, not really sure what she wanted her to say to that. Thankfully, her best friend grabbed her arm to steer them away. She went willingly, unwanted feelings bubbling in her gut as they walked into the air conditioned building.
“It’s nothing,” Tony said for the tenth time to his oldest friend, the man looking back at him in disbelief as the genius rubbed the middle of his chest. “I’m just stressed about Ty, that’s all,” he said mostly to convince himself.
Clint stood there silence and bewilderment. The whole encounter was...endearing? Was that a real thing that people did?
The blonde used the opportunity to shove his boyfriend back to catch his breath, unable to hide the smile on his face as he waited for Bucky to ask him whatever it was he wanted to ask.
