“I remember you have a class this afternoon.” Dean got back to his warm little cotton nest. “I’m better now, you can go and I'll take good care of myself.”
Then Dean kissed him again, but this time his hand didn’t hold the sheet to support his weight, he dug into the comforter, going down lower and lower until it was so pleased to feel Castiel took a deep and short breath when Dean touched that sensitive skin.
“It’s complicated,” Dean was lying on his back and turning his head to look at his right, Castiel’s bed.
Dean raised his head, but he found Castiel took out his phone and his fingers flew on the screen quickly. Before Dean was about to ask what’s going on, Castiel powered off the phone and threw it into the sea.
Taking out his cellphone, Castiel noticed the date on the cellphone desktop, his brow furrowed even more: 10-15-2015.
Castiel knew Dean was excellent enough that he had a high potential to be a valedictorian. Castiel also knew the subject-knowledge to him was like walking to a newborn. Yet Dean left his A+ assignment and ran to the newborn—Dean didn’t miss any chance to climb onto his bed and leaned so close to Castiel who curled himself small against the wall and his book on his knees.
It was midnight. The window between the two beds poured the moonlight in. Dean secretly used his one eye to see a black shadow closing the door gently, then he moved slowly to his bed and put down his backpack on the floor. As Dean was about to ask what’s going on, Castiel cast himself on the bed, face down.
“But there are some causes,” Dean kept saying, “I got some jobs on the set in order to pay off college loans. It was a little-known TV show. At first, I was a dogsbody, then I was lucky to pass the audition and get a small part. I didn't do it for very long, though. but it’s enough to cover a part of the loans.“
“Oh, don’t think too long, I want the answer that comes to your mind first,” Castiel added when he found Dean was thinking.
“Maybe I am that Dean who you look for. Maybe I just got something hit my head and lost my memory?” Dean said jokingly, his green eyes shone.
“Oh, wow, Cas! Cas! You can‘t sleep on the road.” Castiel suddenly became limp and almost flopped on the floor, but Dean held him right.
Dean could hear the second hand of his watch moving and his own heartbeat. He watched Castiel with his nearly shut eyes.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait! Wait!” Dean reached one hand to protect his mouth, and the other hand pushed Castiel‘s face, “Mind your manner, teacher. Do not flirt with your students.”
“I appreciate that you accept this so fast.” Castiel said, ”instead of kicking me to a mental hospital.“
Castiel finally had his warm coat to keep him from the bitterly cold. The black wool glove he wore was sent by Dean. He raised his hands, palms up. The large snowflake dropped upon the black wool, it was one, two, then innumerable. He watched their exquisite structure and blew them away.
“You can’t remember?” Castiel walked close, one hand had a glass of water, the other hand was helping Dean to sit on the bed. “You almost like a chunk of hot and big cooked meat, so I have to give you a bath to get physical cooling.”
Dean’s smile was more close to a real idiot, then he changed his expression into a serious one, “I’m waiting for your text. At least, I would text you when you disappeared for no reason.”
He really wanted to kill himself, because he was so stupid that he should charge his phone in the first place. But he couldn't help to be happy and to be excited.
“Dean, I can’t! I can’t help it.” Castiel helplessly and angrily shook his head, he was angry because he liked the wrong program and was out of its control. “Dean, leave me alone and I can deal with it.“
Castiel took a deep breath and watched the whole dark sky, “I used to be a watcher. I have seen the beginning of the earth, I have seen all creatures changed from one to countlessness, I also have seen humans from one of them become one of the one. I went through these and was accompanied with these, I was calm and didn’t pay much attention, because they were my mundane jobs.”
Then he raised his head and caught Dean’s hands, they were cold in a strange way and shivered, “Dean, do you want to have sex?”
The guy was conscious of this strange sightline, he glared at Castiel and his mouth moved with a curse and then he left.
Castiel thought a while, lifted his hands, and watched them, “Before I was a human...no, before I was with all of you human friends, I didn‘t care much about sex.“
“Do you know what’s wrong with your scarf?” Said Dean, “It seems like it has died around your neck for a thousand years. You can do all those physics experiments, but you can’t learn to tie a scarf?”
The whole story was like that, he had fallen, he became a human, a totally human, and then he tried hard to get along with his un-wing body, he felt lonely and didn’t mind punching in the Dean’s belly after this fool shut the bunker’s door and left him outside, even though so many rooms there which were empty to let insects dance. (He did know that.)
They were having lunch. The food Dean ate had nothing connected to the unhealthy fast food, however, when Castiel was eating a hamburger before him, Dean looked at his hamburger more than his face when they talked. Castiel can’t ignore Dean’s puppy eyes, so he asked. “Would you like some? I take it for you?”
“Dean.” Castiel said softly, “I felt flattered and happy because you were sincere and genuine. You know I’m an older creature, therefore, they want to be together with me always for some reasons or with some purposes. I’m more complicated than you thought, I’m also not as good as you see. You deserve better.”
A new world with a new version of Dean was not unusual, but Castiel seldom as an insider to be involved, he was more like a third-part, watching from the outside. But this time, he got involved in an unknown world as an insider, he found it was many times harder than he was an outsider to convince Dean “what‘s going on” and “who he was or is”.
“No, Dean, I’m fine.” Castiel hesitated, he was distracted because he was conscious of Dean who was being influenced by his words. “I just...”
It wasn’t difficult for him to recognize 20-year-old Dean. Black short hair, green eyes, tall and young. But it still had some nuances there which Castiel couldn’t tell.
“I forget to alert you that the temperature is dropping.” The dim street light was over their head. It was effortless to see Dean’s nose was pink due to the cold and he smiled, childlike.
He, Castiel, definitely do not felt surprised that Dean was Mrs. Hudson’s student, and he and Dean should have been in the same lecture hall, if Dean's little high-school brother, Sam, was not got bit at his ass by those lovely bees. because Sam was the tallest guy than all his classmates and he took it for granted to climb the tree to get the ball; He also was not surprised that Dean was the protagonist of Emily’s story, because Sam and Mrs. Hudson’s son was in the same class and the two kids frequently played at Winchester’s home.
Castiel was running and he was so bold because nobody would run in the very depth of winter when the snow-covered road had turned into ice. Therefore, the people who were walking would see a young man hold books before his chest, and every time he balanced himself so well while he almost slipped.
After having lunch, Castiel found there were some minor inherent details changed because of his de-aged. It was easier to feel hunger than usual. He also was more energetic and quicker thinking than he used to be. In the same way, he was emotional and sensitive more.
The fever brought down when the sunshine along the gap of the curtain slipped into the room and woke Dean up.
Indulging Castiel to taste his neck, Dean chuckled, “Are they like swan‘s? What color? Are they big? Are they covered with feathers?”
“I guess that’s why you could trust me so easily. It has to do with quantum mechanics.” Castiel was careful not to explain the contents of this theory, because he thought of Dean who one hundred percent would ask him to speak in English again, if he happily and excitedly elaborated all of the details.
“My old roommate left when he first saw this room, so this bed was unused for a long while.” Dean sat on his bed, the right one. “I know you forgot your purse in that world, I can cover your rent for a few months.”
Castiel watched his wristwatch and speeded up. He ignored the picture that flashed through his mind, in which Dean was angry at him because Castiel got lost when he was on the way to the class and ran on the frozen ground and sprained his ankle again.
“I highly suspect an idiot playing the snowball in the late winter while he was having a fever can take good care of himself.”
Castiel had asked for almost the whole afternoon, till he found out college was bigger than he ever thought.
Castiel regained his focus on Dean, whose face was a little different from that of Dean at his same young age. Castiel started to be able to tell two of them—did he really distinguish them? Had he ever looked through this Dean’s face to look at the other one? Castiel asked himself a question that had no answer. He suddenly doubted himself whether he could keep his word making a few minutes ago when he heard what Dean said.
“Cas...tiel, unfortunately, you are my student,” Looking at the list of the students’ names in her hand, the professor said, “So...Mr. Castiel. What witty reason for your action will you come up with?”
Castiel was almost drowned by Dean’s unexpected intimacy, he worked hard to protect Dean’s cap from dropping as well, “Can I ask the reason? Is there another implication I have missed? Because you look so...cheerful?.”
Castiel waked up because of his soreness and numbness all over his body. He lifted his head from his arms and looked at the people who had food in their hands walking around and people sat and talked with one another and smiled while eating their food. Castiel moved his eyes to a hamburger which was held by a guy closest to him.
Dean put his jaw against Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s arms around him and patted his back slowly, waiting for Dean to speak.
Dean pulled Castiel into his arms and kissed his face and mouth. His black mortarboard fell on the snow-covered ground.
Dean was like a boy who was discovered by parents that he did something wrong, pulling the cover over his body. Castiel leaned in and reached his hand to touch Dean’s forehead, it was so natural that he even didn’t think before he did.
“Shhh. You’re saying loud.” Dean interrupted him, and the latter gave him a glimpse of angry eyes. Dean’s one finger was in front of his mouth but it broke off into a long yawn. Before Castiel was about to say, Dean yawned another one.
He stopped again, looking out of the window beside him, a bird singing on the ledge of the window and flying away. Castiel turned back and said to Dean, “I will settle down and move on.”
“No. and I don't understand this situation better than you.” Castiel bit his lip and wrote more words down, “Honestly, A few days ago, I was hoping I’d actually been sleeping in my bed, and this dream just because I watch too many school dramas.”
“A good soldier knows how to fight back.” Dean went on challenging and got what he wanted that Castiel took off his coat and gloves and put them on the floor.
“Are you a vampire or werewolf?” Dean smirked, “Oh! I remember you said “wings” when you called me the first time. You are a birdman? Like spiderman? batman?”
“Do you really don’t know about this?” Castiel made a small movement to get away from Dean a bit and watched Dean with a suspicious look.
“If the world is that simple,” Dean replied, “They didn't care about my personal affair, they would care if somebody affected their road to make money.”
If there was no such thing as the same as the bunker, if Dean and Sam did not belong to this world. That was the last thing he dared to imagine.
Dean put his hand to Castiel’s mouth right away before Castiel’s lips moved, “Nope, it’s too late. I have your words.”
“Shhh,” Castiel shut Dean up by clapping his hand over Dean’s mouth, “You were not freaking me out, I was just thinking...thinking that why you steal my plan. And I ensure Sam knows my plan.”
Dean’s eyes widened more, shocked, twice in a row. Did he like a little teenager who didn't know how to kiss when he finally welcomed his first kiss?
“I can’t believe the parallel universe theory was really, ” Dean browsed the text message inbox on Castiel’s cell phone. This means was Castiel’s direct and efficient way to prove himself after he explained a bunch of things. “Wow, that Dean is so unbelievable, but I can’t deny he isn’t Me.”
Dean scooped him up, almost lifted his feet off the ground, and squeezed him so tight that nearly crushed him.
“Cas.” Dean sat right before Castiel, two hands grasped Castiel’s shoulder tightly. “You are sober and patient and explain your thoughts in a way that you think they will know rather than you will know. You should be a teacher. The real one.”
“Dean, you can’t skip your classes anymore. You forget you need the scholarship to cover your loans?”
Dean beamed like a child who got permission to go to an amusement park with his parents. Dean was just going to part his lips, Castiel interrupted him.
Did every version of Dean all have his wilful childlike side despite his age? Castiel thought and let Dean do what he wanted.
Then Dean's expression went ridiculous, they were nearly crying or laughing or angry. Finally, Dean came out with some words, “Goddamn sibling!”
The weather there was way different from Kansas, it was colder and appeared to have snow these days.
“Because I don’t belong anywhere.” Castiel returned his eyes to the stars, “I wasn’t human before, Dean.”
After this, they ate and talked and went back to their room to take a nap. They realized Castiel had a long reflex arc that he started to feel tired and need sleep as he never had slept before. When Castiel was going to sleep, he really immediately fell asleep—this was a good habit but it wasn’t when you were on the way home.
Castiel hunted for him because he thought he was him. Dean still couldn’t forget the disappointment on Castiel’s face when Castiel was aware that he was that Dean who belonged to this world, even if Castiel was trying to disguise his emotion and kept talking and smiling.
Castiel waited for Dean to let his lips go, then he mimicked Dean’s tongue, grinning, “So, Mr.evening, what do you want to do on this lovely night?”
Castiel stared at Dean from behind, the outline of Dean made Castiel feel like a stranger. They were almost alike, and not so many differences between them, such as their expressions, the actions they usually did. Castiel gradually found Dean's profile became vague. He listened to Dean as if he was under the water.
“But I still have a question.” Castiel turned his face to Dean, looked straight at his green eyes, “After you went through these, why do you trust me? Don't you think I was a weirdo too?” Castiel tilted his head subconsciously as he spoke.
Dean radiated the heat as he sat on his bed again, legs and arms crossed, thinking hard whether he acted like a girl that demanded love with the advantage of being ill.
“No. Was it important for you?” Castiel said sincerely, “Dean, you can get married even though he doesn’t.”
Dean closed his eyes and followed Castiel’s instruction until his heartbeat gradually went stable and normal.
He sat in front of the computer, the news that happened in this world was nothing related to that world he much knew about—no creepy supernatural dead people, no weird person missing reports, no angel meteor shower—everything was sane.
“Who was that guy that talked all night on the rooftop. I need sleep! sleep! I could die young because I lack sleep. Why I think I was the one who stayed up three days in a row. Aren’t you already human?” Dean lay on the desk, face down, and his voice slipped from his two arms.
Castiel turned his head and looked at Dean’s curious eyes, “I’ve seen so many versions of you, although the circumstances affect details, the core is always one.”
Castiel had been around a lot. This world was the same as his world, but it was not his world. He couldn’t find anyone there, even couldn’t find anywhere that he was familiar there.
He said slowly and articulated, “I wasn’t new to being transported to other worlds, and I will not feel and mind about it. So I think and think I want to know why this time is different. ”
When he was an angel, Castiel wouldn't take much care of the time passing, he could sit there and watch the ocean birthing the first cell and the cell growing into the fish or other vertebrates. The only thing Castiel could remember and care were this star nurtured life.
Castiel found the distance between him and this world stayed far. He shouldn’t have had a sense of belonging in that world Dean lived in, but he did have nostalgia for there. The puzzle that why it came into being this feeling haunted him like an invisible ghost, he wanted to find out the answer, but he couldn't.
Dean quickly returned his head, glancing at Castiel from head to foot for a long while and nodding. However, he didn’t seem to be startled or astonished.
Castiel surrendered quickly, and he couldn’t help grinning, “Okay, yes, you’re right, I did it on purpose, but it's more like killing two birds with one stone.”
“Dean, do you flush, or do you have a fever?” Castiel touched Dean’s face, they were hot in an unnatural way.
The short childish fight ended with Castiel straddled Dean and Dean gave up fighting back because he had no other strength to do it.
“I will annoy you until you regret what you’ve done if you persist in staying.” Dean lay in bed, faced Castiel, and slowly shut his eyes.
“I start to regret that I look after you almost the whole night.” Castiel put the shopping bag on the nightstand. “Or the fever did a very good job that has broken your brain?”
The sounds around him grew loud. Because Castiel was an experienced man, not a new friend to those bizarre things. When he lifted his head and looked around, he didn’t spook. (Thanks to his hard-work in walking into Dean’s dreams, he had particularly known where he was.)
Castiel would do this because he realized at least he had to be alive before he could come back home. Learning knowledge from the university and making that knowledge into money was an appropriate and efficient way to keep him alive. Of course, the spending on living and eating was more cost-effective at university than at city.
“You said the sex is the only way to relax you, because you seldom feel nervous like this, don’t you?” Castiel nodded.
That was not the punchline. After he found a good balance that he could get well used to human life,  everything changed in one second.
“I’m regretting to mention it when we are having sex.” Castiel sighed, propped himself on his elbow under the comforter, but his body still pressed against Dean. Castiel could clearly feel the strength sleeping under Dean’s muscles, Dean looked stronger than he was clothes on, especially, it was easy to ignore when Dean’s good-looking and his childlike smiles. Discontented by the interruption, Castiel leaned further and pecked at Dean’s neck, the last one became licking and Dean shuddered.
The first night, Dean never came back. Castiel let Dean go instead of looking for him like he was new to this world.
Castiel couldn’t help laughing and halted his halfway-to-the-chest kiss, then he slowly rolled over and lay flat by Dean, face up.
”Every university is allowed one version of them to exist, It sooner or later will return its origin even though it once had its time traveler. After I excluded all of their possibilities, I don’t see the hope anymore.“
“In fact, I was almost naked when I used the water to cool your body.” Castiel smiled,  “Not too many clothes to change on the same day.”
No one made a loud noise while they were eating beside him, no one walked with their shoes knocked to the floor. It was the best morning he ever had—heaven was quiet too, but you had to put up with those damn flapping wings, they were everywhere even if you were far from them.
“Castiel? That’s an odd name, why Emi would forget this,” said Dean. “It seems like you thought I would have known you?”
“Dean.” Castiel caught up, “You really should know how to listen and wait for them to finish their words.”
“That’s me too, I’m not good at playing video games, especially FPS (First-person shooter), but that childish behavior neither.” Dean watched and said, “Now I know how older I am when I was his age.”
Dean raised one side of his brow, “Fifty? one hundred? Sorry, dude, I’m not that guy who cares about friend’s age.”
Castiel nodded, “Life always makes fun of me, it should have been a suburb with roads and trees. Maybe I shouldn’t use ‘should have’ because it’s the ocean here for a long time.”
Dean smirked, “Given It’s been a whole year since you pushed me down on the beach and kissed me hard. I don’t mind you doing that again.”
“It depends what you compare to. Our life has its end, even though when it happens we feel sad or other bad emotions, but eventually we’ll take it one way or another.” Said Dean.
Dean rolled over under his comforter, and it made a small hole between his body and comforter, which the cold air could leak into. Dean shivered and murmured, “So cold.” He curled himself up more, yet he felt strange and rolled over again, opened one eye. Then Dean saw Castiel was leaving his bed.
“Good. If my garrisons were as easy to calm themselves down as you, I would probably look younger than I’m now.” Castiel smiled, “You have your reward, you can do whatever you want from me.”
Castiel knew Dean was stubborn, no, all Deans were stubborn. However, the answer from Dean was completely out of his imagination; However, this stupid young people’s persistence was about him, that shred of delight like a rock thrown into dying water was an indisputable fact that Castiel couldn't deny. He couldn’t help thinking what would happen between them and what reaction Dean would have if he gave the response that Dean wanted.
Castiel took note of her reaction about his odd name after introducing himself, however, Emily just kept talking with her hands.
The library gradually regained its usual state, empty seats were taken up. It was lucky that today was quieter than before.
Castiel pretended to sigh, “These equations will be on the test paper. It’s good to know everyone knows how to use it, so...we skip to the next page.”
The sound of the key outdoors made him immediately awake. The feeling of happiness was full of his thoughts, this man did not just disappear, he was back.
“Too young, huh?” Dean smiled, “Cas, you just too tired and have repressed the feeling that you have suffered for too long. It’s normal for humans, and they make you more like a human.”
“I, I apologize, Dean...” Castiel's eyes half-shut, and couldn’t control himself to let more than half of his weight over Dean. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
Dean grinned to his older ex-angel and looked down at the paper on Castiel‘s desk, he picked up one, “I can’t believe I have been left the college for nearly ten years. Ah, I remember this...Oops, this poor little guy is gonna fail this test. Wait, why is this answer wrong? Your TA made a mistake? ”
“Er, I, I’ m sorry, I don‘t mean to interrupt you. I was looking for a guy, ” Said Castiel. ”His name is Dean Winchester. If you don’t know him, do you hear of Sam Winchester? “
Unexpectedly, Dean stayed quiet this time. They only could hear the sound of them stepping on the snow.
“Right, I’m human now.” Said Castiel, ”But I’m confused why you followed me to be here. This isn’t your class, yours is in the afternoon and it‘s very bad for your good-student figure...”
“At least I wouldn’t disappear for more than three days and said ‘I will be back soon’. I came back EVERY night.”
He sincerely appreciated the professor didn’t pay too much attention to him even if he sat before her, so he could have time to get some clue about this world—It was glad he didn’t change his clothes as he went to sleep, and the battery of his cellphone in his pants pocket was nearly dead. There was a backpack in the desk drawer that had his student ID (Now, he really was a college student and belongs to here, and the photo of him just looked ridiculously young); his textbooks (Why?). Then he found his pray to his brothers or colleagues did not work, which was different from no response, it was like this function just disappeared for no reason.
“I apologize...” He obeyed his professor’s order submissively. He still kept his eyes wide and on her while he was going back to his seat. Castiel even didn’t know why he would be scared.
“I know.” Dean grabbed his hair, “Did you get married before? I think you might be the same age as Dean from that video.”
The warmth of Dean’s body heat melted him, Castiel wrapped his arms and hugged Dean, however, he couldn’t help bantering, “Was it not you this morning slept by my side?
“No, I’m wanting you to kiss me.” Dean wiped his nose. After his whole body got relaxed, it made him look lazy and tired.
They continued on their way, Castiel saw the students passed by. There was a cat sleeping on top of the paper box in front of a street shop. The paper box was wet, the snow kept small.
Before Castiel was about to retort that at least he had his jacket, Dean took off his scarf and ignored Castiel‘s resistance, and wrapped it around this resister's neck.
“If you hunt and live in the wilds alone for a month or so, you can do better than me.” Castiel put the empty glass on the nightstand.
The first noise that came to Castiel’s mind was the sound of the school bell. The place he was in seems open, and he found himself was not alone, which the low but still could be heard, indefinable rubbing sound and human voices were spread on the whole area after the bell halting.
It was the ocean, stretching across from one side to the end of the other side, colored in gold by the sunset hiding half of itself on the horizon.
After class, he had called everyone whose numbers were on his cellphone, nobody was in the service area. and the battery of his cellphone finally was dead.
Castiel raised himself up, and towards the iron railings which were on the edge of the rooftop. Dean followed.
“Do you call yourself?” Castiel grinned, “Oh, I forget, it’s mine, yours is Mr. Forget to Call His Partner.”
Moving his eyes on Castiel’s scarf that hung on his neck, Dean grinned and stretched his hands to adjust it.
Castiel turned around and ignored him, he took a few steps forward. and realized Dean didn’t follow him.
After a while, Castiel carefully turned his head back more than once to scan all of the students behind him in this room.
“That’s one of me, and the other one covers a large part of my lifetime.” Castiel stared at the air, “My true form has wings too, but if I stand I would be 1047 feet, three faces.”
She didn’t wait for Castiel to respond, and went on, “Mrs. Hudson’s high school boy wrote some love words on her student’s essay, and her clumsy TA for sure missed those big red letters. So when TA presented it as an A+ example to the whole class. Boom! Everyone knew this adorable confession overnight…But I can’t deny this boy inherited her mother’s good writing well, high school boy knows Alexander and Hephaestion is so rare.”
“What?” Dean was nervous, “C...Can’t I be rational and wise instead of an unenlightened one crying for your insane? ”
Castiel was gone before the sunrise. He didn’t talk about too much. He left as if he never existed. His few belongings placed beside his bed were the only evidence to prove and convince Dean that it was real. Dean didn’t know about Castiel too much either, he knew he was from another world, was a hunter, and hunted supernatural monsters as well as the other Dean and Sam did.
Castiel turned his head to another direction and Dean said fast, “Don’t move away! You’re allowed to see them.”
Castiel looked at Dean’s meaningful smirk, lowered his eyelids, hesitated to speak. He quietly watched the snow for a moment and a white ball hit him on the face.
“Nonono, don‘t give me that “You don’t understand” face.” Dean went on, “Even you can’t predict the future, right?”
“I, I’m...shit, nothing!” Dean flushed and tore his eyes away, “Are you cold? You wear like you’re in summer, um, maybe cold summer.”
Dean opened his eyes that had just been closed, “No disgusting lovely words, like ‘You are the best’ and so on.”
If Castiel wanted to know what Jimmy looked like when he was 19 or 20, the bathroom mirror would tell him. The person in the mirror was as young as those students in the lecture hall.
Castiel withdrew the glass in time that he was going to give Dean and to keep it from spilling on the covers, “It’s so strange that it surprises you?”
“No, Dean. I can like you and I‘m liking you, I do have feelings for you. It’s totally different from another Dean.” Said Castiel, “I appeared in this world for no reason, I will disappear for no reason too. I don’t know when and how it happens. It might happen in any of years, any of days, any of minutes, or right now. It has happened, it does happen to that person I love so much. I don’t want it to happen twice.”
Dean was trying pretty hard to tear his eyes away from the hamburger, swallowing and determining, “Um...No, thanks.”
“Mr.Novak?” Dean put down his pen, closed his textbook and pushed them aside. Dean Winchester and learning? Castiel thought as he sat down. He also noticed Dean was wearing a loose baseball jacket. Did Dean have these school-style clothes? Did Dean wear this when he was asleep? Because the only clothes Castiel had were those he was too tired to change before he went to bed two days ago(Then he was transported here). And thanks to his laziness, he could wear decent clothes when he appeared in the classroom rather than wear pajamas.
“I thought you’re a model student as your friends said,” Castiel said in a tone between irony and sincerity.
“No, uh, Yes, I want to have sex of course, but I‘m good, I’m damn good, Cas, it’s just a commencement.”
Therefore, Castiel showed up in the class after Dean taught him how to know his class schedule. Given his last lesson, Castiel sat on the back, but it wasn’t too far away to the lectern to listen to the teacher’s voice clearly—he was going to be more decent in this, so he sat straight and anticipated his first class, even if he really wanted to know why Dean was beside him, asleep.
Castiel sighed, “Dean, you had seen me three times after the rehearsal started. Every time you were so interested in my scarf’s situation, I didn’t move it after you adjusted it. You just changed the state of the scarf you left behind last time.”
The phone sank down in no time. Dean looked up at Castiel then looked at that disappearing poor phone, eyes wide, “Cas?!”
“Mr. Wanna Find Dean Out?” Said Dean, whose voice was full of life and energy.”Never mind, my friends forgot your name.”
“Mr. Castiel?” his thoughts were cut by his professor, who had grown impatient and raised her voice, “Get back to your seat! If you still want your credit.”
Until the early morning of the fourth day. The sun just lit the sky and it was warmer than it has been for days.
“Did you often visit a new world as a college student? You are out of the stereotype version, older creatures don't appear with his textbooks and pens, especially they don’t have an ID card and have a ‘physics major’ on it.”
“Oooh, what a pity. You still will become famous though.” Said Sam. “Come on. People don‘t call, people text now! Anyway, it seems you found a new roommate, what about this guy? or lady? And yeah, Me and Emi text, she told me that.”
“We can save it late.” Castiel got to his feet, pulled Dean off the cold snow-cover floor, and patted off the snow dropping on the Dean’s hair.
The laughter lasted long, Dean fell his head back on the snow, waiting for everything to go quiet, then he said, “I know you've lived too long, it's hard to turn yourself into another short-life creature; I know I'm selfish and over-confident to imagine you have something different in me. But I know if the other me can do that, so I can too. You won't ever love me or like me more than that other one, or even have nothing feeling with me.”
The students' apartment was located in a prime location, cheaper but smaller, and clean. One room with two beds which were placed in a corner against the wall, one on the right and the other on the left. Plus a bathroom.
“I found you are sassy when you are mad.” The cover over Dean’s head like he wore the hood, he smirked. Castiel glimpsed Dean and withdrew his hand.
It was Dean even if it sounded younger than he thought and less hushed. It definitely was Dean, he wouldn't be wrong unless he was deaf.
Castiel looked through the glass, out of the windows, he saw the stars twinkling in the night as he watched them when he had wings and was so closest to them before the very beginning.
“Mr. Winchester,” Dean said with a wide smile. He was in a suit and looked a little tired by the lack of sleep.
Dean’s sentence was broken off because his mouth was taken up. When Castiel caught Dean’s lips, Dean’s upper body was pushed down to the cold-sandy ground. Castiel stretched one hand in a subconscious way to protect Dean‘s back of his head even if the ground wasn’t harmful to any.
It was early as Castiel said. Nearly couldn’t see anyone, excluding those people who were working out in the early morning. The snow stopped, yet its achievement was easy to be seen—the snowflakes everywhere, thick white covered the roads and trees and buildings, they changed the night into the white night. Because it was snow season, the sun rose later than in summer. Even though it was almost 6.00 a.m, the stars were still in the sky.
A tremendous number of people swarmed into this space, they looked young, and somehow the tired faces of much of them were the same as his.
“You know what my body wants since you’re in this position,” Patting Dean’s back randomly, Castiel was grinning and breathing fast too, “But my brain wants to leave it when we are on the bed.”
“So you intimidated me when I referred to Sam. Because you want to protect Sam from the same harassment.” Castiel said.
Dean was excellent in reading Castiel’s expression, he knew the real meaning under Castiel’s vague words. Dean had a conflict about a line that was between him and another Dean. He was trying to not involve their personal stuff so much, but when it came to Castiel, he couldn‘t just leave alone.
“Okay, Castiel,” Dean grinned as if it’s really funny. ”You are different than I imagine, and now I’m sure I’ve never seen you before.”
Castiel put his eyes on that face for a while without any expression, then looked back to his book again.
Yesterday, no, early in the morning, Dean and he talked-and-talked until they saw the sun rise up from the horizon. At this point, Dean said, “why not try to have some classes if they have given you all the gears that a student should have. Maybe you will get another clue like you found me out in this university.”
It was cold at midnight and Castiel’s only clothes he wore couldn’t bear it. He thought he probably was lucky that he could deal with this situation due to his last experience, and to be homeless at university was better than in the city, because you wouldn't need to worry about being bitten at arms or legs out by those hungry wild dogs as you were asleep; getting insulted and kicked and trodden at any part of your body by tramps or junkies without any reasons and mercy.
Then Castiel smiled, shallowly. It seemed to be motivated by some old funny memory. The smile should have had a meaning of happiness or deep joys, but it was light and fading due to the awareness of reality. It made Dean hurt. He was hurt because he wasn’t the character of that memory, he felt hurt because he realized the connection between that Dean and Castiel, he couldn’t catch up even if he cost his whole life.
”I trust you, you are a trustworthy good angel.” Dean smirked, and took the pill and glass Castiel gave him, “It seems like you know how to take care of patients well.”
The kiss ended with Dean was between Castiel’s thighs and rested his head on Castiel’s chest. He lost the first round but won the rest.
Dean bit his lip in a painful way, his face was unreadable and his voice was rough, “I should give you some personal space.” He paused, “Take care of yourself, I will be back soon.”
“It seems like your brain is safe now. If you behave as an adult your temperature will behave well too.”
“Can’t I?” Dean said in a way as it hadn’t no reason to do it. Then he licked his lips and voice dropped down a little, “It seems like you have some interests in physics.”
“When I was new here, I found I was finally free from ‘You should eat like an adult’ Sammy’s supervision, so I ate pies and cheeseburgers as much as I could. One day, I had to go to the hospital to vomit what I ate and nearly lost my part-time job and missed exams.”
“Nonono, shhh, shhh, Cas, you can’t speak with your voice. Do you remember you nearly killed me or my ears the first time that you wanted to talk to me? ”
“You are an adolescent and have to shave every day to maintain your five o’clock beard.” Dean grinned, “Although you come to this game as a novice, you have money, initial gears, even own a convenient good look...Do you want me to take you somewhere else?”
Castiel put down the chalk and dusted off the powder, scanning the entire lecture room, “Anyone has the questions?”
The next day, Castiel was busying in his coffee maker at Giant Cat Coffee shop when he was going to make coffee for a young lady. There was a weird sight on him for a long creepy time, Castiel took time to figure out what it was, the evidence escaped and he only noticed a baseball cap that had a cute white cat pattern on it, but the profile of this cap’s owner was so familiar to him.
Castiel eventually realized Dean had called him “Cas”. It was “Cas” instead of “Mr. Novak” or “Castiel”. Castiel felt his eyes warm and he bit his lips painfully. After he returned his thought back, he found Dean was staring at him. The light was dim, but Castiel could tell Dean was handsome and young, even if Dean wore his black heavy coat, he still knew Dean was strong and also taller than him.
Dean always smiled even though they had only just met, however, the smile was childlike and warm, it was less sorrow and complex past, not to be forced to be a hero, not had to take on the responsibility of saving the world. Castiel couldn’t help comparing this Dean to another one, couldn’t help thinking about whether this Dean spent a different but peaceful life, which is why Dean went to college and easy to trust someone who had just met no more than half of the day. He even offered a room with him. Didn’t Dean think he was a psycho or liar? Perhaps, a serial killer? Didn’t Dean fear that he would take advantage of him when he was asleep?
Dean was on the edge of being asleep till he heard the petty voice. He took some effort to open his eyes.
Dean covered the comforter over Castiel, beneath his chin, and watched his sleepy face for a long time, then went to the class.
“What are you saying? Cas? Why are you apologizing?” Dean held him, worried in his voice. He was frightened when he was conscious of Castiel starting to sobbing, “Cas? Are you alright?”
It was tranquil and peaceful that everything around them was in a lack of noise state. They heard the breeze blowing and the birds singing on the rime of the pine trees.
Castiel hesitated to change the remake name of Dean into “other Dean” on his phone, but he thought for a while and just replied.
The things he only had were a backpack, books, student ID, his phone, the clothes he wore, a little bit of money from his pants pocket as well  (Thanks his father, the money works there.). He had no grace to use, no wings to fly, no home to return to. Standing at the front of the teaching building, the youth who spoke and laughed with their friends walked past before his eyes, he found no place to go.
When he was standing in line in the school cafeteria (Don't be surprised, as a qualified ex-angel and new mankind, he knew where to eat as a student.), a huge-tall male cut in line and blocked his view without any mercy. It was incredibly irritated him, for example.
Now the human mind made Castiel sense the time was different from he was an angel. Days went by, fast. However, he could remember almost every detail that combined with his mundane student life—they were all about Dean.
Then he gave a little dry cough and kept going, “After the commencement, I will ask you a question. And what I want you to do is that I need you to say ‘I do’ or ‘Yes’, one out of two. It‘s not difficult, right?”
Castiel had two hypotheses: Dean was still at his current age or Dean became a youth too. Whatever it was, He surmised Dean had to be something connected with this college. If the latter was right, from his humble opinion, Dean’s good looks had to impress a large part of the students.
“Nope, I'm not going home and I’m sleeping right here right now.” Dean buried his head into his arms again.
“No, I’m going to the library.” Castiel smiled, soft. “Dean, thanks...for your food and carrying me back here.”
Castiel paused, the stiffness along his whole body. He slowly moved his eyes to meet those green ones, they were resolution and bright.
“I highly suspect you are new to this, whatever, I never saw someone dare to challenge Mrs. Hudson, especially she was pissed off by her son yesterday,” Emily said agitator gradually.”You didn’t hear about that, did you?“
“Yes, and no, dean, I think it’s important for us to face this situation seriously, ” said Castiel, ”Have you seen anyone you know around here? Is Sam with you? If I'm not mistaken, you look like a 19 years old teenager and you are a student now.”
Dean strolled to Castiel’s side, the silver sand under his shoes was soft, he inhaled deeply and the special salty-fishy smell was full of his mouth and nose. Dean glanced at Castiel looking straight ahead as he mechanically placed his sight there or he was just thinking concentratedly. Then Dean looked ahead too.
Dean tried to say something else because the tone of Castiel was frightening him, “Might I’m dean's twin? That we just don't know each other in this world.”
They stared at each other for a while. Castiel watching the pink on Dean’s cheeks went deep and the ears were all red. Dean was the first to look on the other side with one or two of his dry coughs.
Castiel couldn’t help grinning, it was his first smile after he was back from Lebanon, “Twins means alike. But you all are not just alike, it's the same.”
Castiel pulled a chair and sat before Dean, “It’s the last situation that I want, Dean. I don‘t want you to be intense at the most time that I talk to you, or get hurt because of me, it's the worst. That’s why I have to leave right now, things have to be done.”
Castiel’s hand gently grasped Dean’s shoulder, the other hand propped into the sand beside Dean’s ear. Dean tamely parted his lips, Castiel pressed in right away. Dean could feel the stubble from Castiel’s jaw and felt the warmth from that body. Castiel kissed him firmly and thoroughly, and it was damn good, it definitely wasn’t from an inexperienced bookworm. Dean smiled softly and hands cupped Castiel’s face, kissing back.
Paused, Castiel turned his head to look at the ocean glinting and the seagulls circled above the water, then he kept going on, ”That phone is the last link with that Dean...thinking I throw it away will prove myself a bit and make you feel better.”
Dean was aware of his unwelcome situation, but he never said a word, put down his backpack, took out his books, and did as Castiel did.
“Whoa, you finally admit you can’t do that without me. Do you remember the last time you wore that suit? It really matched with your eyes. Do you see Sammy? He told me that he would be here in one hour.”
Dean stared at Castiel, he was aware of Castiel's eyes with unshed tears, and he could see them as he saw the starlight.
“What are you saying, Cas?” Dean returned his eyes back, “You can’t like me because of another Dean?”
“From then on, my friends and I have made a deal, I helped them improve their score, they built a barrier to protect my privacy. So Emi was. That was why she lied to you that she didn’t know me.” Dean gave Castiel a wink, “As for she being mad at you, that was another story.”
The glass was all over the wall on this side of the library, made eyes could hold the whole sky night.
“I think you won’t want me to do that here, since it’s a classroom building, and we have class in five minutes,” Castiel looked at his wristwatch and found a strange or familiar sight focussed on him. Castiel raised his eyes and narrowed them when Dean stared at him as a big puppy stared at meat hungrily.
The voice message was over, Castiel stayed motionless and looked straight ahead, as if he wasn't capable of moving. It astonished him that he felt his eyes were warm and his phone was near broken by his death grip.
“Who has ever said he wouldn't be childish!” Castiel rubbed the snow away from his mouth and the snowball hit his hand rightly.
Castiel looked up at the sky for seconds and walked into the library. After he weighed up the pros and cons, he spent what little money he had on a USB cable to charge his poor cell phone.
“Thanks.” Dean was weeping, “Thank you not to say I was like a kid or all of this just a whim or impulsion.”
“I miss you.” Dean kissed Castiel once and said, the genuine happiness in Dean’s voice made his feeling warm and bright. This young man always looked at him like they had just met. Castiel thought and kissed back.
“I’m young rather than old, Cas.” The familiar smile returned to Dean’s face, who reached out his one hand and put it on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel watched Dean, then moved his eyes to the muscular lines of the Dean‘s arms, to the collarbone, to the bare chest. Castiel’s breath caught. He swallowed hard and They were so close that Castiel could feel Dean’s body heat.
“That is a good one, the bad one is that some freaks snuck onto campus and asked around about me. ” The smile on Dean’s face went bitter, ”I have to say those weirdos’ particular behaviors always amaze me.“
Dean looked at Castiel with suspicion, eyes squinting, “Given you told me a lot about your other world’s daily life, I tend to believe you have this common sense.”
Castiel was static. His eyes and body were sore due to the lack of rest and a long time to run and walk. He had stood and stared at his front for long hours. The place before him was nothing, where it should have been his home, The Men of Letters Bunker.
Dean stretched himself under the cover and rubbed his dry eyes. He found the other bed was empty. He let his body slide down to the floor, staggering to the bathroom and taking a shower.
“Do you know how many people die with unpredictable factors every day or every second? I do not show up here for no purpose, but I think it’s highly possible that I will disappear in front of you in the next second, like I will get gunshot, car accident, or choked to death by that freakin’ cheeseburger. Cas, it‘s really not a big deal than you’re still here at this moment.”
The buzz of students’ sounds suddenly dropped while Castiel just got to his feet and was going to leave. Obviously, he had accommodated to his new work-and-home life and had taken too much time to travel around Dean’s dream, he still didn’t know when a teacher walked into a lecture hall and even wasn’t in a good mood, he couldn’t leave so openly. What’s more, he was so close to the lectern.
It was the first time Castiel suspected that Dean and Sam and other friends he had did not exist in this world.
“It’s okay, it’s okay, I know what you want to say,” Dean says gently, his whole expression is soft and he smiles lightly. “Jack said you’ve lost too much grace and you have to go into hibernation to recover yourself.”
“Old habits die hard,” Castiel tip head lightly and immediately felt at ease while he found Dean was by his side, “You can’t stop a long-lived man from thinking of his past.”
“Cas?” Dean became tense by Castiel’s quiet, “Do I freak you out? Ugh, Sammy was right. Now, I can imagine his ’I told you so’ face.”
Castiel stared at Dean for a while, and thought for a while, suddenly his eyes opened with surprise, “You’re not that Dean Winchester.”
To Castiel’s surprise, nearly nobody on the third floor of the library. He didn’t need to have any boring classes this day, so he could enjoy the whole morning reading what he wanted. Castiel took a deep breath, he loved this tranquillity and he could even hear the birds singing.
Castiel stopped in front of a mass of underwear in the clothes store. He scanned the price of them and glanced at his wallet, then he took the cheapest one.
Castiel found two part-time jobs. The daytime working at Giant Cat Coffee shop and the night at Lawson. The managers promised to settle his wages on the same day because he was a quick learner and a student of this university.
“You don’t want to throw me off from 1,000 meters, even if I have already died. It’s still not good for dying twice, right?”
“I can wait,“ The tears were on his eyes but Dean also was smiling, and that smile was still as shiny as it always was. ”I can wait until you think
“I have done so much research and I highly suspect this world is not that we live. I totally lose the ability to use grace, I can’t get in touch with any other one by praying, Dean! I can’t, I can’t feel my wings.”
“Alright. I will show you later. But before this, you need to take this pill and get some rest.“ Castiel stood up to take the medicine.
Castiel found he couldn’t fix his attention on his book. He subconsciously gazed at the wedding ring on his left middle finger.
“I didn’t refuse...” Castiel found Dean‘s eyes red. One second Castiel interrupted himself, the next he held out his arms and wrapped around Dean.
“If you are on your bed, I will climb your bed and kiss you, mouth to mouth; If you sit here, I will jump into you and scare you off and kiss you to the ground.” Dean’s eyes stayed close, but he was grinning, “Because I’m a patient.”
Obedient, Castiel stopped his next action. Dean climbed onto his bed and lay on his back beside him.
Castiel looked up at the grey sky, closed his eyes, and took a long deep breath. He never ever was as eager to want his wings back as he was now after he became a human. He could remember he flew from far away only to meet the winter, he could remember the unexpected cold air made him slow, he could remember the feeling when the snow hit his wings.
“No. Castiel—can I call you that?” Dean smirked, “I can’t refuse everyone just because some of them are bad.”
When Castiel repeated this “who knows Dean” question to a young guy. The guy had a startled look on his face, Castiel was excited that he guessed he finally hit the target, so he repeated again. The guy abruptly screamed and stepped back like a hysterical poor little animal, taking his phone out, and was preparing to call 911. Castiel was startled as well as this guy,  (He didn’t know what’s going on. Did he look like a bad guy who needed to call 911? ), but his teenage radar told him that he should run right now—so, he ran, quickly.
“What, what are you doing?” Totally startled, Dean was stiff and didn’t know where to put his hands that he raised them clumsily in the air.
Castiel controlled his meals once a day, he planned to find a part-time job, and if the waiters of McDonald didn’t mind his existence, it won’t take long for him to have enough money to take a trip around his home, the bunker. If the bunker was an objective reality, so Dean and Sam were, then he simply de-aged and all those things were his colleagues made fun of him.
The whole space was larger than the high school classroom that Castiel watched from soap opera, had plenty of stairs and the high ceiling and the lowest terrain near to the center, teachers' lectern, where he definitely sat in front of it.
A blonde girl sat on the right side at the back of the lecture hall, giving him a meaningful wink. Castiel returned his head and found the professor was busying with her knowledge teaching.
“Hello, my friends said the person who has this number was trying pretty hard to find me out whatever I was in hell. Oh, yeah, I certainly just back from there if high school was like that. It seems like your phone has run out of battery. It's anything alright?”
Dean moved his mouth, it was like a bitter and reluctant smile. Dean never said a word. But the light of his eyes changed, it made Castiel connected to the pain. He knew Dean would feel release every morning when Dean opened his eyes and found Castiel was in the room.
Dean looked at Sam who was laughing out loud at his old brother on the video, “That bitch is actually taller than me ”
Castiel naturally held the cellphone to his ear, that was going to call Dean. He put the phone down in slow motion when the professor glared at him. But the time was enough for him to figure out the situation. Dean's number was out of service.
”Dean, you are really smart.“ Castiel looked at Dean, “Yes, I‘m a birdman, and it's also called ‘angel’ in a professional way.”
Dean raised his face and looked at him, silent and unmoved. The tension came to his eyes, but it quickly faded away and turned into something unknown. The voice finally found his way to come out from his mouth with its hesitation and uncertainty.
Dean gave him a broad grin as a child had done something bad being caught, "I don't know why those weirdos had my personal information. So I have to keep Sammy's on purpose. Not many people including my friends know who my brother is."
“I,” Dean licked lips, “I’m not nervous about being valedictorian. That's a children 's problem. I’m about to propose after the commencement, but I am afraid that you will turn it down.”
A girl with blond hair watched him a bit meters away, Castiel still sat but looked back. He tilted his head, a few seconds later, he realized she was his classmate and also was that girl who winked at him.
“Maybe?” Dean cowered under the cover, wriggled a bit, and found something different, then he pulled his arm out, squinting at the fabric on his arm, “Why do I wear my pajamas?”
He realized he was nothing either. In this world, he didn’t know where he was from, who he was, whether he had family, whether he had friends, how he grew up to be a young adult. He thought himself was like a redundant fragment or a computer bug out of nowhere in this world.
“That’s my boy,” Dean smiles wide, “Oh, I forgot to mention. When you’re sleeping, Gabriel, that bitch gave me and Sammy a lot of tasks to do, so forgive me for not taking care of you when you are hibernating.” Dean comforts him and pats him on his face.
Castiel was reluctant to raise his head. Then he found a young and tall person but smiled like an idiot with green eyes sitting right across from him.
He probably was so stupid that he missed the best chance to dig the key information out from those students who had the same class with him. Therefore, he asked everyone that he had met.
Dean silently watched Castiel like a zombie, moving his legs little by little to the bathroom, and walking out with the steamy air and the wave of heat. But the shadow didn't disappear because of the shower, and his eyes were numb as if his user changed his sight by turning the head instead of his eyeball.
“Why didn’t I even notice you before,” She said with a smile before Castiel could voice his question. “Finally, there is another guy who pops up from nowhere and improved the degree of cuteness of the whole class.”
“Nope, too late, you have had me hold you. So, I won’t let you go.” Luckily, he was a regular at the gym and he could support Castiel’s whole body stably, walking quickly.
Castiel still couldn’t find anything about Dean, sam, charlie, and whoever he knew about, couldn’t find why he was transported to this world with nearly nothing, why he was been a college student even if he didn’t know how to be, why he couldn’t find a good way to figure out everything every time, and why he only was human.
“What? You allow yourself to be an emotional young person but others can’t?” Dean’s voice sounded hoarse. Castiel held him more tightly.
“Special?” Castiel tilted his head lightly, narrowing his eyes and thinking, then eyes open, “Yes, I think we have that special. I saved him from hell and we had been friends...probably for five years.”
Castiel was older, at least he was older than the sand and the dust. He didn’t think very often that it would be something that made him feel ridiculous.
“Where was that Dean? ” Dean appeared to be angry, but he depressed the impulse of speaking out other words.
Castiel had no reason to decline Dean‘s requirement. Therefore, they walked side by side on the way to the library.
Castiel was taken aback by this command, and he suddenly realized that almost every student stared at him.
They both lay on Dean's bed, Dean cuddled Castiel from behind. Dean’s hands couldn’t be a quiet and rest state, they appeared to be alive and were untired to explore the new land of Castiel’s bare body. Every time Castiel responded to Dean‘s discovery, Dean would make a little happy noise.
A wave of the sense of helplessness attacked him abruptly, Castiel opened his eyes and saw Dean standing in the distance looking at him.
Out of curiosity, Castiel found he was richer in a sense. Because he probably was the minority of the students who could pay off all the school loans at once. He still had no clue about everything though.
He sat up and his vision was natural at Dean who was sleeping opposite him. Castiel was in a daze and put some affords to let his brain remember what was happening the half of the previous day. There were a sandwich and a bottle of milk on his nightstand, a note beside them, wrote: “Don’t know what food you like. Have a nice dinner LOL.“
“Christ, do I get some Satan's curses? Why always like this? Maybe I into girls more possible living with love.”
Castiel dropped off to sleep as soon as Dean laid him down on his bed. Castiel’s face was eased and peaceful, it might be his first smooth sleep after he was transported to this world.
“Neither.” Castiel’s voice came from another side, “Dean, you’re burning up. Did you know you nearly burned from the inside out when we had a snowball fight?”
His head was buried between his elbows, it appeared that he put himself on a chair and his upper body leaned over a flat. Castiel was reluctant to raise his head. (If you worked for ten hours straight and then went hunting without a break, you would be like that.)
Castiel’s heart hurt. Older as he was, he gradually knew the reason for that feeling. Finally, Castiel realized the emotions in Dean's eyes were the same as when he looked at that Dean, who would remind Castiel of personal space, who smiled like an idiot and it still attracted him, who made it confirmed that his little brother was more important than him and Castiel won’t blame because he knew.
“I heard Alex wrote something in your essay. Did you see what he wrote? ” Sam smirked on the phone, “Like I fell in love with you? Please come with me? You’re my only love?”
“I was doing wrong, I was always the one doing wrong. You said you’re selfish, no, it’s me. I should have kept my distance, I should have said clearly in the first place. I thought it's the only choice that I have to leave you, but I’m trying and I can’t.”
“Yes!” Castiel excited, whose eyes sparkled, “It’s so similar to the knowledge system that we angels have known.”
After the library closed, the coffee shop became his next temporary shelter. When the waiter realized Castiel was a homeless man who just ordered a cup of coffee and traded it for a place to sleep, instead of a learning-obsessive nerd buried his head into books all night. So, Castiel was kicked out.
Castiel could tear apart a demon without a breath, teleport anywhere within a second, but figuring out the human’s law of emotion change was as difficult as figuring out Dean.
They two didn‘t talk too much when they were on the road to the destination, they all slept all the way. One slept because of the disease’s order, the other one because of looking after the disease.
Dean was satisfied with his tasting, licking his lips and returning his head back to that warm chest again.
He doesn't even bother to move and he can see that human. It’s more likely that he does see that human when he opens his eyes. He just needs to care and focus.
Dean filled his coffee mug and took a sip, “Very good points.” He got ready for work, kissed Cas goodbye, and when he came home, he admired Castiel’s new painting: a pair of kind, green eyes.
“So something did happen with Cas?” Lisa asked like she had him figured out. She looked sly, grinning at him and pointing in his face. Dean’s cheeks colored and he looked down again. “You know,” she said, “friends fight sometimes.”
He went back to the nurses station with his head held high, hoping against hope that Gabriel had gone back to pediatrics so he could talk with the nurses on his own. He much preferred their company to his brother's. The nurses - Sonya, Anna, and Tessa - were some of the smartest people he had ever met, kind, sensible, and just annoyed with Gabriel enough that hanging around them offered some level of protection from his brother. He returned the clipboard to them at the front, and leaned forward to look at Anna over her computer monitor. "Can you page me if you notice that Mr. Smith is awake so I can go over his test results?"
Dean raised his one good arm up to his face and rubbed his eye with a loosely closed fist. He certainly felt like he got hit by a car, or at least slammed
“Because I didn’t want you to,” Cas said. He shook his head, “In eighth grade when you dated Bella Talbot,” Dean nodded, “I decided to get back at you.” Castiel refused to meet Dean’s eyes. “So I asked Balthazar to help me.” Dean took a deep breath, Cas hadn’t ever told him any of this. “He told me he’d go out with me to make you jealous, but I had to play along; do what he wanted.” Castiel closed his eyes, “I did for a while, but he wasn’t you, so it wasn’t worth it anymore.”
Bobby was a good man, who welcomed them with open arms. He brought them into his home. A fairly small cabin in Sioux Falls, where Dean and Sam had their own bedrooms upstairs, just down the hall from Bobby's own. Bobby was good for them, he always treated them like family, right from the jump. He fed them three times a day, took them shopping for school clothes and new toys, and helped them learn new things they were interested in. He taught Sam how to ride a bike and Dean how to shoot a gun.
Castiel buckled his seatbelt and said, "I didn't want the buzzer to wake my roommate. She's a really light sleeper."
When Castiel came into work the next day, he was down to two patients, Mrs. Hutchinson and John Doe. They'd discharged Mr. Smith from the ICU onto the Floor Unit to be monitored by the fully capable nursing staff downstairs. He was glad at the recovery, and he greeted his nurses with a smile, "Good morning."
Dean turned the heat off on his sauce, moving the pot to a cool back burner, and went to the refrigerator, retrieving a beer for Bobby. He walked into the living room, bottle first, and handed it to his surrogate father. "Hey," Dean said, tucking both hands into his back pockets and bouncing at his knees a few times.
Dean hesitated for a minute, taking a sip of his beer before answering. "I guess so," Dean said. "You'll do great though."
"Yeah," Castiel agreed, and then his fingers were pulling out, one by one, and Dean made a desperate noise.
They ate dinner and drank and laughed, but at the back of Dean's mind all night was his conversation with Jody. He'd known Jody for a long time. Longer than he'd known Bobby, because she'd been the one who picked him up from his neighbors house the night his parents died. She'd taken Sam and Dean to her house that first night, but she couldn't keep them because she was already raising four girls on her own. She'd also been the one to bail Dean out whenever he got into a pinch with foster families and stuck up bitches at school and even some of her very own officers. She wouldn't lie to Dean, but then... he couldn't imagine that
Dean felt his head swimming. He looked at the desk, noticing Bobby's address book had a page dogeared. He stared at it and then reached forward. On some whim, he opened it to the saved page and stared down at the words. He felt sick like he could, at any moment, vomit all over everything.
Because Dean had gotten to work so late, he made a deal with Bobby to work through his lunch break instead of holding the shop open late, therefore making Bobby stay overtime. It was one o'clock when Bobby fled the shop for his own break, leaving Dean alone in the garage with the TR7, which he'd almost finished with. A car pulled up outside, and Dean lifted his head in acknowledgement to see a familiar dark headed kid running towards him.
"Kidding," Sam laughed. "What car thing were you helping him with that couldn't be fixed at the shop?"
He stood, putting his phone back down and crossing the floor to his closet. He pulled on some jeans and one of his work shirts, and then loaded his pockets with his phone, a pocket knife, and his keys. Making his way to the bathroom, he peeked his head into Sam's room to find it empty. He raised an eyebrow and went into the bathroom where he brushed his teeth, fingered through his hair, and donned his watch. He took the stairs two at a time into the kitchen, and then lifted a hand to wave at Bobby where he was sitting, pajama clad, at the table.
Dean watched Bobby go into his office, walking with confidence and only a slight trace of the labor of his day. Dean's mouth twitched into a frown as he headed back into the kitchen. He wished he had the money to send Sam to school on his own. He'd love to give Bobby a rest. Bobby had worked hard his whole life, even back long before he'd opened his home to wayward kids like the Winchester brothers. He deserved a break, and Dean wanted him to have one before he was too beaten down to enjoy it. He turned back to his cooking, telling himself that one day he would have enough to help out more. Whatever means necessary.
Dean met Cas in fourth grade. He was the new kid and Cas was the weird kid, so he immediately gravitated towards him. Initially, they’d gotten along perfectly, but in ninth grade, Dean went through a period where he hated being around Cas. He told himself it wasn’t because of Castiel’s new boyfriend, Balthazar, but he couldn’t ignore the feeling in his chest. Eventually, they broke up and Dean came back, and they ended high school side-by-side. Dean graduated from the University of Kansas with a degree in mechanics, and he patiently waited for Cas to come back from Chicago with his doctorate in something useless. He did.
Dean was staring at him, and he folded his hands over Castiel’s. Because he needed to. Because he could. “I don’t know what makes me happy.”
“With Lisa, remember? We don’t have time for this.” Cas swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood, “She’ll be here in ten minutes.”
"Look, man, I just want you to stick around for a while," Dean admitted awkwardly. Bobby's eyes softened at that and he pawed at his mouth with his free hand, bottleneck still clutched in the other. "Don't want you all burned out before Sam has a couple kids to show off your good parenting skills."
Castiel lifted a shoulder and picked up one of the letters. "Who's Ellen Harvelle?" He asked. Dean glanced up at him from where he was pulling Kate's letter out of the envelope.
Sam was fourteen and already the smartest person Dean knew. He was some kind of fucking prodigy. He was hot headed and a smartass, but he was a bonafide genius. And he had big dreams. Dreams of law school and money, but more than that, dreams of
“So,” Dean said, placing the small porcelain plate on top of Castiel’s work so that he was forced to pay attention to their conversation. “What’s really going on?”
Jack was perched in Dean’s lap, leaning back against his chest and clutching at one of Dean’s hands in both of his, far more interested in tracing the lines in his palm than watching the movie. Dean didn’t actually seem to mind in the same way he did whenever Cas seemed disinterested through a movie he showed him. Cas’ heart ached at the sight. Jack would miss Dean when they left. He hoped Dean would visit sometimes.
“Cas? Y’in there?” Dean’s voice was right outside the door now, and Cas changed his mind; decided he wasn’t ready to have this discussion yet. Dean would ask questions about his plans he didn’t have answers for yet and it would make his leaving seem like a poorly conceived idea. Like he wanted to get away from Dean as fast as he could. Like he was an irresponsible father. But before Cas could stow the bag under the bed, the door creaked open.
Dean’s alarm yanked him out of sleep at seven the next morning. He hit at it blindly until the annoying beeping stopped and buried back under the covers. The warmth, he decided, was far more important than making any sort of attempt to keep up with Sam’s stupid ‘healthy’ sleep schedule.
The adult clothes section was right next to the children’s, so they dragged the cart there next. Guessing Cas’ sizing was a little more difficult than Jack’s and they had to send Cas off to try on different pairs of jeans to find a few pairs that actually fitted. Then Dean had taken to rifling through the lousy shirts the store had on offer.
“Dammit Cas, no you don’t. That’s what you said in Purgatory and then you died thinking-“ He took a breath and shut his eyes briefly, steeling himself. “You died thinking I don’t-“ The words stuck in his throat, his heart hammering in his chest.
okay listen i know their reunion was overshadowed by jack and they didn't get a hug however that was on purpose bc we're going with show typical emotional constipation for a little while, i promise they'll get their heads out of their asses soon
“I got it,” Dean said, attempting to loop the handles all the way up his wrists to take them all in one go. Cas fixed him with a glare and Dean rolled his eyes, dropping barely a handful’s worth back into the trunk for Cas to take, then following after Jack.
“Apparently,” He said. Dean exchanged a look with Sam, who had calmed down on the drive back to the bunker but still looked slightly shaken, clutching at his beer bottle like a comfort blanket.
“Cas, do you want to go or do you feel like you have to?” His voice was gentler than Cas had been prepared for. Anger he could deal with, but the softness in his voice made the craving in Cas’ chest throb.
Cas was sleeping on his back, his chin tipped towards Dean, close enough that he could feel his soft breaths against his face. His left arm was splayed out, jammed under Dean’s pillow, and Dean didn’t even know
- to raise. They’d have to buy him food first thing tomorrow, and clothes, before they could even do
“I’ve found a flat not too far from here,” Cas said, still not looking up, “only an hour’s drive. You’ll still be able to see Jack, if you want. But we won’t impose on you.”
Cas had made it as far as the bathroom when Dean caught up to him. The door was open and he was bent over the sink washing his face. When he straightened up he caught Dean’s eye over his shoulder in the mirror, and Dean wanted to laugh hysterically at the role reversal. But if he let emotion bubble out of him that freely he wasn’t sure he’d be able to stop it from turning into sobs, so he just stood there braced in the doorway until Cas turned to him, grabbing a towel and patting his face dry.
“You have me. You’ve always had me,” He said, softer now. Something in Cas’ expression melted, dissolving from firm resignation to hope, wonderful glorious hope.
Dean grimaced and grabbed the shirt back out of the cart. “You are absolutely not wearing an Incredible Hulk t-shirt,” He said, stuffing it back on the rail with a grimace.
“Cas?” He said, voice rough, shaking him slightly. Cas’ eyes flickered open, and took a second before focussing on Dean, who slumped in relief.
The sound of the bunker door opening echoed through the hallways and Dean pulled away jerkily, ducking his head so Cas couldn’t see his face, and headed out of the kitchen calling to his brother.
“There’s some- there’s something in my back,” Dean’s voice faltered, and he suddenly felt very small. His head was spinning, and every wet breath he took felt like he was being torn open. He could taste copper in his throat already.
“The deal with the Empty is over, Dean,” He said, sensing Dean’s distress. “I’m human now; it can’t take me.” Dean clenched his jaw and nodded, praying he was right.
“Aw, he likes you,” Dean said, barely containing a laugh at the pained look of forced happiness on his brother’s face.
“It’s me,” Dean said, and pulled Cas back against him into a hug this time. Cas’ exhausted arms came up to clutch at his back as they sagged against each other.
The thing in Dean’s chest didn’t snap, it’s nothing so sudden or violent, it melted away, so lightly that it’s not falling at all, not really. It’s like when you pop the bag in an ice pack and suddenly the whole pack is cold, except Dean’s chest was warm and full of light. He thought maybe this was how Cas felt when he let himself feel happy in Dean’s presence, let the love bubble out of him with enough force to drag him down to the Empty.
Eventually the moment drained away like the dirty water down the plughole, and Dean led the way out of the kitchen and towards the Dean Cave - Sam still refused to call it that - bowl of popcorn, two cokes, and a non spill training cup of juice in his hands. Cas and Jack followed behind, and Cas nearly melted when he felt Jack’s tiny hand slip into his own as they wandered down the long hallway. He gave his hand a little squeeze and Jack squeezed back, his thumb in his mouth as he dutifully followed behind Dean.
“So you’re human again, huh?” He said, grabbing a beer from the sixpack. He gestured one to Cas in offering but Cas shook his head.
“Let’s do it. I meant what I said - an underground bunker is no place to raise a kid. It’s not a home, not really. I mean we could try or whatever if you really wanted but,” Dean took a breath, and looked at Cas properly now. “I meant he needs a home. A real one. One without knives and guns lying around where he can find them. He needs windows and sunlight and shit. A garden he can play in.”
“Oh, hey. Jack’s asleep. I was just gonna ask if you wanted— are you…packing?” Dean cut himself off. Cas kept his eyes on the bag, shoulders tense.
“We put him through too much,” Dean said thickly. Cas didn’t reply, so Dean continued, forcing his voice to be more casual; “So we’re on our own now?”
“Hey, no. Neither of us have a freaking clue what we’re doing, you’re not living up to anything. You’re a great father, so can it.” He said, punctuating his sentence by shovelling a giant forkful of pancake into his mouth so he had an excuse to stop talking. Cas still had the unbearably soft expression on his face, but nodded and finally tucked into his own food.
The iron fist around his chest loosened its grip when the door instead swung open to reveal Cas sprawled on the twin bed alongside the sleeping kid, wearing a faded AC/DC shirt and some pyjama pants of Dean’s he’d left in Cas’ room for him god knows when. He blinked his eyes open blearily at the light suddenly spilling in from the hallway.
Dean didn’t pull away before searching out Sam over Cas’ shoulder stood a few feet away, tear tracks drying on his face.
He walked straight past the store, and for a minute he thought he might just keep going. Keep walking and not look back until his legs gave out. But then he rounded the back of the store and with the physical boundary between him and Sam, the fight drained out of him all at once. He took a jerky step to half collapse against the rough wall, dragging in shallow breaths that couldn’t possibly be giving him enough oxygen.
one. The first chance at a normal and happy life. The first one with free will. Cas didn’t think he would ever stop being grateful for that.
After the longest twenty minute drive of Dean’s entire life, they finally pulled up outside the Walmart and Dean felt his ass unclench.
The words tripped out of Dean’s mouth before he had time to think them through, and the sudden silence left in their wake was a physical, tangible thing; fragile and brittle. Cas’ mouth opened and his throat worked but no sound came out. Dean’s jaw grit, the muscles twitching, like he was facing down certain death, not his best friend. Cas ached to say yes and damn the consequences, but Dean was prone to rash decisions, punch now ask questions later, and this was too big a decision to leap into without looking.
But then a voice rang out through every corner of this non-existence, surer than any thought that had come before it.
“I know, kid. We’re heading back to the bunker and I’ll make you some lunch, alright? Think you can hang on that long without fading away?” Dean said over his shoulder, keying the ignition. Jack giggled at the exaggeration, and Dean knew even without glancing in the rearview mirror Cas would be tilting his head and squinting at the idiom. He grinned as he pulled out of the parking lot.
Dread wasn’t an emotion Dean associated with the bunker, but for the first time it was the one that rushed over him when they finally pulled up. He sat, engine idling for a second, considering kicking Sam out and just keeping driving, until Sam looked over at him expectantly. Dean avoided his gaze, just yanked the keys out the ignition and grabbed his duffle from the back seat before following after him.
visit, thank you very much. The logistics of trying to raise Jack here were far too much to be thinking about before he’d had his morning coffee, he decided.
. Mary’s loss weighed heavily on Dean’s shoulders as he stepped out the bedroom and pulled the door closed quietly behind him.
“Uh, yeah,” He said casually, and stuffed another flannel at the bag. It was one of Dean’s. He hoped Dean wouldn’t notice.
“He always was, really,” Cas said, his hand rubbing small circles into Jack’s back. Jack snuggled further into Dean’s neck sleepily and Dean felt the ice in his heart crack as it melted away. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath against the tears threatening to spill over. When he opened them again Cas was looking at him intently.
Dean’s entire being screeched to a halt. His mouth gaped open as his gaze flicked back and forth between Cas and the kid in his arms. The kid grumbled sleepily into Cas’ neck before extricating himself and twisting in his arms to blink owlishly at Dean. It was unmistakably Jack, just…miniaturised. His whole face broke out in a grin as he recognised Dean and he stretched out his little hands to him, twisting his body towards him so Dean had to catch him before he wriggled out of Cas’ arms. He immediately buried his face in Dean’s throat now, little arms wrapping around his neck.
aware, once more. The words kept tumbling into his mind, echoing through the void, bouncing off of surfaces that weren’t there.
Sammy was there, because of course he was there, clutching at his arms and holding him up. Dean wanted to hold him back, to reassure him he’d be fine without him, but his body was already giving up, the fight draining out of him even as the rebar still in his back held the blood back. It didn’t even hurt anymore, nothing did, except the wild, desperate look on Sammy’s face.
“Age three to four, right? Can’t be that hard,” Dean had said. They’d proceeded to dump almost the entire stock of age three to four into their cart. Somewhere along the lines Dean had spotted the adorably tiny plaid shirts, and Jack had perked up, so he’d grabbed enough of those to put him in a new colour every day of the week. Then they realised he’d need pyjamas, underwear and socks, and shoes, and a coat, and gloves and a hat. Dean hadn’t been particularly excited by the prospect of a trip to buy Jack the essentials, but any ounce of enthusiasm he may have felt drained away as he considered the isles and isles they still had left to go through.
Sam just laughed, his gaze flicking between Dean and Cas with an expression Cas wasn’t quite sure how to interpret.
“So you were just gonna up and leave without me?” Cas’ hands twisted around a shirt — another of Dean’s —  nervously.
“I don’t know, Dean,” Cas said apologetically. “The first thing I heard was Sam. His prayer was so loud I think every celestial being could hear it.”
Jack was thrilled by this arrangement. He kept trying to stand up in Cas’ lap to look over the dashboard or crawl around the car while Cas wrestled to keep the squirming boy still. Dean laughed at it at first, but swiftly lost all sense of humour as soon as they hit the main road and he was faced with other cars speeding past them.
“He gave up his powers,” Cas said, his voice thick but spilling with pride. “He undid everything Chuck had done, he fixed heaven. He-“
The corridors of the bunker seemed less cold with Jack pressed firmly to Dean’s side, clinging to him comfortably as he twisted round in his arms to take in every angle of the place. Dean wasn’t sure if the kid recognised it or not; if he didn’t then he wouldn’t know his way round. A three year old on the loose through the endless corridors and rooms of the Men of Letters bunker sounded like a particular branch of hell Dean would rather
Several minutes of his own wrestling with the seat, followed by several more spent googling, he sat back on his heels.
“Yeah, Cas. Always,” Dean said, hoping Cas knew he meant it. Hoping he’d stay this time. Cas nodded and stood to leave. Dean watched him go with a sudden ache in his chest and he realised he wasn’t ready to let him out of his sight just yet. He still wasn’t totally convinced this was all real and he wasn’t just hallucinating as he died in that damn barn in the middle of nowhere.
“And what about you? Are you doing okay? Because for a minute there you didn’t look so hot,” Dean said, clutching his beer bottle tensely despite his nonchalant tone. Cas’ eyes pierced his when he finally looked up at him.
, and they just destroyed God, for gods sake, it’s not like a shifter was going to break into the bunker now.
He pushed Jack’s door open with bated breath, half convinced he was going to find the room empty, another one of Chuck’s sick twisted tricks. Instead he was greeted by the tiny form of Jack, sat bolt upright in bed and blinking owlishly at up him, caught in the act of exploring Cas’ face with his little hands. Cas was still conked out on the bed next to him, apparently unaware of Jack’s prodding fingers. Upon recognising Dean, Jack’s face broke out into a smile so big it was infectious.
“No,” Cas agreed, his voice creaky. “This is no place for a child.” He considered turning and leaving right then, but Dean plopped himself down onto the worn sofa, his whirlwind of movement calmed and smile already plastered back in place. He clapped his hands, holding them out for Jack, who laughed and ran forwards to scramble into his lap.
He wasn’t sure Cas understood him even now, but his chest was too tight to continue, and Cas smiled and nodded, his hand warm against Dean’s chest.
“Help me with him,” He said, and Sam nodded stiffly. Together they manoeuvred Cas into the back seat of the impala, where he sagged against the window, eyes sliding shut. They got the two boys in after him and told them to sit tight.
The child was still clinging to Cas, a tuft of blonde hair visible where it was tucked firmly into Cas’ collar. Cas looked at Dean carefully, as if warning him to brace himself, and before Dean had time to analyse
“Honestly bets are off,” Dean said, glancing over to where Cas was glaring accusingly the brand new booster seat they’d acquired, trying to work out how in the hell it was supposed to buckle into the car. Sam snorted down the phone.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas said with an easy smile, and allowed himself to be pulled in for a bear hug. It was warm and safe and familial but so unlike the hug he had just shared with Dean.
They quietly changed into pyjamas, Dean lending Cas a pair of his, as it’d been years since he needed any, and neither of them wanted to venture back out to Cas’ room to see if they could find some. Dean’s chest grew warm at the sight of Cas in his clothes and he had to look away before Cas caught him staring. They brushed their teeth hip to hip at Dean’s tiny sink, and it felt so domestic Dean thought maybe he
“Hi, Jack,” Sam said, shifting in his seat awkwardly, clearly not quite sure what tone to use with the child that had been an adult less than a day ago.
Sam shifted in his seat next to him and Dean glanced over. He fixed him with a small smile that was entirely too knowing, and,
“Yeah well maybe I’m tired of fighting,” Dean said, and at the admission the tension in his body finally seemed to get the message, draining out of him and into the floor like a popped water balloon. “He gave us free will, and maybe this is what I want to do with it.” He said it gently, and he looked at Cas with a question in his eyes, like he was asking permission to want this. “He’s my kid too, Cas. I wanna be that for him. Please.” The last word came out as a whisper. Cas looked at him, the tired lines around his eyes, the love and hope that shone so brightly there. He wanted to reach out and touch his cheek, ground himself in something solid, but that was a line they didn’t cross.
When he woke he was warmer than normal. He was rolled half onto his stomach, pillow shoved between his shoulder and ear as usual, but there was something firmer alongside it, and his left hand was reached out, resting easily on something warm and solid. Slowly, he opened his eyes, the night before all coming back to him in a rush.
Only then did Dean turn to Sam, taking in his tense, trembling posture and pinched expression before he pulled him close. Sam crashed into him, gripping at him like a drowning man, his chest shuddering against Dean as he fought back sobs. Dean rubbed his back gently.
The blackness wasn’t just oppressive. It tore at his very being. The absolute lack of anything crescendoed endlessly around him, collapsing in on itself like a vacuum tugging away at his self, until no part of him existed as a whole anymore. He simply ceased to be. Not even an awareness drifting sleepily through the blackness, he just…
Dean’s knees almost gave out. “Cas?” He whispered, and the quiet sound echoed through the cavernous room. In Cas’ arms was a small child, hugged close to Cas’ neck. Dean’s footsteps thundered as he clattered down the stairs, duffle bag dropped from his numb hands as he hit the floor.
As much as Dean wanted to spew his guts right there, unburden his whole soul and confess everything to Cas, he found himself utterly unable to disturb the gentle space between them. Cas looked weary in a way he hadn’t since the last time he was human. But this time, Dean thought, there didn’t appear to be a sadness to it. He gazed at Dean with tired eyes, but he looked content, and Dean thought maybe he could live in this moment forever.
“We should get this one to bed then, I guess,” Dean said, nodding down at Jack, who was already nodding off Dean’s shoulder. “His room is still set up.”
“I think it was more that Jack heard it. He must have…amplified it. And it woke me up. I think it was his influence that brought me back this time. Last time I spoke to the Empty and convinced it to let me go, but this time I woke up and then was in the barn with you.”
“That’s it? I’ve prayed to-“ Dean cut himself off, clenching his teeth. Cas looked pained, and Dean found himself both hating the space the table put between them and grateful for it.
“Hey,” Sam called back, dumping his shopping bags full of the necessities they’d missed on the war table. “Cas!” He said, his face lighting up as he caught sight of him.
“Shh, don’t wake your dad,” He said, forcing the words out past the lump in his throat. Jack sobered immediately, nodding and placing his finger on his lips to show that he understood. “C’mere,” Dean said, nodding his head to gesture for Jack to follow him. Jack wriggled his way out of the bed and toddled up to Dean, but instead of following through into the hallway he stopped by his feet and raised his arms, demanding to be picked up. With one more glance to Cas’ sleeping form, Dean bent down and scooped Jack up, his knees clicking as he did so. Jack wriggled into a more comfortable position, little hands fisting in Dean’s sleep shirt.
He wasn’t sure how long he stayed there, leant against the grubby wall with his eyes shut and face tilted towards a sun that had no right shining on him as warmly as it was. Still not warmly enough to thaw the rough, icy spikes in his chest. Before too long he grew conscious of Sam waiting for him back at the car. If he hid out here much longer he’d come looking, and he’d have that stupid puppy dog ‘
“Alright,” Dean said and turned back to the screen, withdrawing his hand and giving it back to Jack to play with. Jack glanced up at Cas, and from the look in his eye Cas was almost convinced the child knew something was wrong, like he could read right into Cas’ thoughts. But then he turned back to fiddling with Dean’s calloused fingers and the moment was over.
“You’re here now. Doesn’t matter,” Dean said firmly, shaking his head like if he meant it enough it would erase all the hurt. Dean hesitated a moment, then grabbed Cas by the shoulder, pulling him in roughly for a hug, holding him so tightly Cas could feel the slight tremble in his chest as he tried to keep his breathing even. Cas held him back, eyes squeezed shut and face buried in his neck. He thought he might finally feel home, here in Dean's arms, even if it was only ever temporary.
He’d left a damn loaded shotgun in a room with a three year old. He’d been a father to a three year old for all of an hour and he’d already left it alone with a damn
“Well I’m glad. If anyone deserves a normal life by now it’s you and Dean.” He said. Cas’ heart faltered for just a second at the implication that Sam thought Dean would be spending his life with Cas. He couldn’t have meant it that way though, just that he and Dean had both suffered at the hands of Chuck.
Eventually Dean was happy that Cas had enough clothes in the cart for the time being, even if it meant donating a few flannels to the cause because none of the ones Walmart supplied where up to Cas’ standards. He’d need a jacket or two too, but he had picked out a couple of hoodies and the weather was nice enough at the moment that he shouldn’t freeze to death before they could dedicate a little more time to fleshing out his wardrobe. Finishing that section of shopping felt like a monumental achievement, and Dean was ready to leave this goddamn shop for good, before he glanced at the list he’d made hastily on his phone that morning and realised they’d barely even scratched the surface.
“I love you so much,” He choked out, and Sam’s face crumpled even further. “You’re gonna be okay.” There was more he wanted to say, things he needed to tell his little brother before he died, but his tongue was heavy in his mouth, his lips going numb.
All at once the events of the previous day dawned on him, and his eyes snapped open. Had that all been a vivid hallucination? Some sort of twisted dreamscape? It wouldn’t be the first time. He was out of bed and half way down the corridor before he’d even finished pulling his robe on.
“You’re very good with children. I had no idea,” Cas said softly, which threw Dean even harder. He’d only had one cup of coffee he was
—” The anger Cas had expected was starting to rise in his voice now and Cas kept his eyes locked on the fabric between his hands. But then Dean took a deep breath before continuing, his voice carefully even. “If you want to go I won’t stop you.” He took a step towards Cas, ducking his head to try and catch his eye.
He pushed Jack’s door open quietly so as not to wake the kid. The desk came into view first and Dean’s heart plummeted when he saw it was empty. He shoved the door open the rest of the way, convinced he was going to see Jack playing with the damn thing like a toy- or worse.
Dean could tell Sam felt guilty being happy beside him while he practically oozed the grief he’d been able to suppress while they’d hunted god down, but Dean waved him off, gesturing him to keep talking to Eileen. He wasn’t sure he’d be able to stand the silent tension if he hung up. Sam had never been good at letting Dean wallow in his self pity in silence. You’d have thought the kid had studied psychology, not law, the way he constantly wanted to get into Dean’s head. If Dean cracked now he wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to dam the barrage of shit that would follow, so he kept a tight lid on it all. Walls reinforced with steel just to hold him together.
“Do kids really need this many toys?” Dean asked, tossing a plastic toy doctors set complete with mini stethoscope into the Jack pile.
Cas grabbed the bags of groceries and took them to the kitchen to unpack while Dean filled Sam in. Eventually as Cas was putting the last few bits awaythey trailed in after him, and Sam snorted incredulously at the pile of clothes and baby toys still littering the table as he took a seat.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean sighed and hung up. He pushed off the back of the impala to help Cas, who was struggling with the booster far more than could possibly be called for.
By the time he was finished eating, Jack was practically nodding off into his plate so Cas declared it nap time. Dean fished the new baby monitor out of the bag and passed it to Cas as he manoeuvred a sleepy Jack into his arms to carry him back to his room, his head heavy against Cas' shoulder.
“Right so is anyone going to tell me what’s going on or do I have to keep guessing?” Sam said with a grin as he pulled away.
“Dean?” He asked, shifting onto his elbows. The cold iron around Dean’s chest may have vanished but something else, something warmer and softer squeezed at his heart now instead at the sight of Cas sleep rumpled next to their kid.
“I’m not suggesting we do that,” He raised a placating hand between them, wiping his forehead with the other. “But he’s too big for a baby seat, and a booster ain’t gonna work.”
When Cas had healed him in the past it had been over in a flash, the grace pushing into him and then retreating again in a bright pulse. Now, it felt dimmer, weaker, but it pushed and pushed, rebuilding him as it went, and it didn’t retreat. It simply faded into nothingness as Dean gasped back to consciousness. Cas, who had been holding him up, slumped forwards into his chest, forehead lolling onto Dean’s shoulder as they knelt on the cold barn floor.
He paused before the threshold, tilting his head back to the vast expanse of the sky, clear enough to see the stars past the icy puffs of his breath. The stars always made him think of Cas, even though he knew that’s not where heaven was. Even if it was, Cas wouldn’t be looking down at him. That’s not how heaven worked, and not where Cas was. The empty aching in his chest grew a little colder. He pushed in through the bunker door.
“Daddy!” He squealed, and Dean shushed him even as his heart swelled so large in his chest it threatened to choke him.
“He forgave you,” Cas said simply, “and he’s given you another chance. As for what he remembers; he remembers loving you, that much is clear. The rest may come back to him, though probably not clearly. More like dreams, an awareness of what happened if not crystal clear memories.” Dean could only nod and scrub a shaky hand down his face, trying to compose himself.
“Yeah,” Sam smiled. “And it’s not like this situation has ever come up before. Let me just check my book on a nephilim becoming god and then giving up his powers to be a baby instead.”
“Dean, I know,” Cas tried again. Dean shook his head to cut him off and took a step closer, grabbing Cas’ hand in front of him.
Cas had allowed himself to be lulled into a false sense of security, let his guard down, convinced himself he was welcome in the Winchester brothers’ home indefinitely, when he never had been before. Perhaps he’d thought Jack would have changed things; Dean had seemed happy when he’d named him his father, after all. Although thinking about it, he’d been overwhelmed more than anything. Maybe that hadn’t been joy at all, and Cas had ignorantly been reading the emotions he wished to see. Dean had only been putting up with Cas’ continued presence in his home out of a sense of obligation after Cas had burdened him with the knowledge of feelings that would never be requited.
And that’s how Cas found them half an hour later, both covered head to toe in flour, Jack seated on the counter stirring a bowl of pancake mix that clearly didn’t need any more stirring, and half a stack of pancakes already to the side of the stove.
The first thing Cas knew, before he even knew himself again, was that Dean needed help. He was there, just a few feet in front of him, being held up against a pillar of the dank barn he now existed in, his knees buckled and head lolling forwards against Sam, who was clutching him upright desperately, words tumbling from his mouth meant for the heavens.
“Did you hear what he said?” He asked, blowing out a shaky breath and leaning against the cool wall. Cas’ eyes were warm in the way they only ever got when he was thinkin about Jack as he regarded Dean with far more composure than Dean was currently capable of showing. Fatherhood had suited Cas from the moment he’d met Jack, Dean realised, and he realised with a pang in his stomach that he wanted that too.
he managed to get it under there. Dean’s hand was resting on Cas’ chest, and he could feel his all too human heart thrumming away under his fingertips. It felt intimate in a way he’d never experienced before, somehow more so than if they had woken up wrapped around each other. The easy, loose intimacy felt like they could have been lovers for years. And really, who would have corrected them if they’d said so. When Cas’ eyes opened blearily, Dean waited for it to turn awkward, but the feeling never came.
Eventually when he couldn’t take sitting next to Sam any longer he pulled sharply into a truck stop, parking as far away from the convenience store as he could so he had further to walk. Sam flashed him a questioning look, the ‘
“I’m not certain children of this age are supposed to consume such sugary meals for breakfast, Dean.”
“Sure they are. Slice up some banana for his and you’ve got in one of his five a day already,” Dean said, tossing the fruit to Cas. Cas cut it up carefully onto Jack’s pancakes while Dean plated up his own food and joined them. He watched as Jack struggled to reach his food so badly it looked like he was going to fall right out of his seat for a minute before taking pity on him.
“You changed his mind, I could feel his desperation. He wants to be hands off but I don’t think he could bare to see Dean hurt.” Cas said, and Sam smiled to himself. Jack’s absence was suddenly a heavy weight in the room.
Dean flexed his arms from where they had been lying limply at his sides and brought them up to clutch at Cas in front of him, push him back so he could see his face. His hands travelled from his shoulders, to his neck, his cheeks, eyes roaming his slack face. His recently restarted heart thundered in his chest, already assuming the worst. He couldn’t get Cas back just to lose him immediately. Surely the world couldn’t be
’ practically on the tip of his tongue, and Dean barely threw him a fake smile and a nod before stomping away from the car, hands buried deep in his jacket pockets, the air in his lungs turning to lead.
Panic swelled in Dean’s throat suddenly, and his eyes flicked over Cas’ shoulder, half expecting black goo to spawn from the floor and drag Cas away from him once more, but Cas moved his hand from Jack’s back to Dean’s shoulder.
“No. No way. That thing’s no safer, it’s basically a death trap as it is, and it’s only got two seats. We’ll buy the kid a booster seat while we’re out and he can ride back in that. Can’t do that if there’s only two seats.” Cas still looked wary but Dean rolled his eyes. “I’ll drive slow,” He promised, “and we literally have no other choice. Unless I leave you here with him and try to figure this all out on my own, which I am
before Dean did. Of course he knew. How many years had he watched these two dance around each other? He’d sat on the edge of too many
The longer they drove, the more his thoughts rotted in his skull. Every single person they drove past they’d saved, and what had he got out of the mix? Jack had up and left like he wasn’t the closest thing to a kid Dean would ever have, and Cas was still—
When Dean finally retreated to the quietness of his room, the weight of the day hit him like a tidal wave. He breathed shakily, his limbs suddenly so heavy he could barely bring himself to peel off his clothes (still dusty from his fist fight with God. You know, thee biblical God) and drag himself into his pyjamas. The second his head hit the pillow however, his eyes snapped back open.
“Dean, this is your life,” Cas said, his voice small. “I can’t ask you to- I can’t tear you away from—“ He closed his eyes and tried again, “Dean I can’t force you to be his father. I can’t ask you to give up your life like that. The bunker is your home.“
“Yeah well me either. I grabbed enough stuff to make some sandwiches for lunch and that was about all I could handle. Just- google it or something, I don’t know!”
“Cas.” He rasped, but he wasn’t sure he’d even made a sound, he wasn’t sure of anything. The world tipped and the pain in his back seared again as he felt his knees hit the floor, and then he was gone.
“Gonna take a lot more than a couple of vamps and a rusty rebar to finish me off,” Dean said, forcing a smile as he pulled away. Sam grit his teeth and nodded, fresh tears glinting on his cheeks.
, you were—“ his voice wobbled and he swallowed. “I didn’t think you were coming back this time.” He took a shuddering breath, then continued, his voice carefully light. “It’s just a lot to take in.” He looked up at Cas finally with a small smile.
Jack looked tiny in the big bed, and Cas tried not to think about the time he'd spent at this bedside while Jack had been dying. How small and vulnerable he'd looked then while his life force was seeping out of him and there was nothing Cas could do to help. He looked so happy and healthy now, curled into the pillow and his thumb in his mouth. Cas thought childhood suited Jack far better than adulthood ever had. Like he’d never quite known what to do with a body that was too big for him, never had the chance to work out the world on his own terms.
Sam laughed, and for once there was no bitterness behind it, no lingering sadness. “Yeah man, we defeated Chuck. For once it feels like we may have actually won, no strings attached. None of us are dead or in hell and it doesn’t seem like the apocalypse is about to start up again any time soon. And… I’ve got Eileen back,” He said the last part into his beer, grin tugging at his lips as he took a swig.
He'd never told anyone about that. About him being angry that Sam was so much smarter, so much better, so much nicer than Dean. About how angry he was that Sam didn't have to remember them.
Sam came to sit back down, rolling his shoulders and placing his coffee mug down in front of him. "So," he began leaning forward conspiratorially, Castiel had learned that he was supposed to lean forward too. "I'm thinking of asking Jess to marry me," Sam said grinning.
Dean sighed and ran his hands through his hair, dropping his forehead to the desk. There was a knock on his door and he stiffened. He wondered if it would be Sam or Bobby or some other unexpected and unwelcome guest. It had been months since he'd seen a ghost. Dean stood and crossed the floor, pulling the door open a crack and peeking out.
"I would imagine," the doctor replied with a laugh that died somewhere before it made it to his mouth. "Any luck with remembering anything?" He asked.
The woman just kept looking at him. She took a step forward and reached out with one hand, but Dean took a step back, bumping into the counter. Water splashed from Dean's cup, and he looked down to see where it had landed. He folded the pants leg of his pajamas under his foot, and wiped it up. When he looked back up, the woman was gone. He wasn't scared, but he dumped his water in the sink and took the stairs two at a time back up to his room.
His tone of voice was confused, not condescending, so Dean said, "Well, behind me, but I could only see her in the mirror."
"Big win?" Dean said to himself. He flipped back to the last picture of Bobby and the football team. He read through the names listed quickly, eyes finding J. Winchester supernaturally quick. His eyes scanned the rest of the team, and there he was. Dean's dad. John Winchester. Number 18. The quarterback.
"No, thank you, Dr. Novak," Mrs. Hutchinson said quietly, running her fingers through her daughter's light hair.
. He tried to go through everything he had on hand in his mind. No Sams, no Samuels, no Samanthas, no Samsons. Sam came up as an absolute zero. Dean shook his head, "Not ringing any bells, doc. Sorry."
Castiel said, "You too, Dean," and then he was gone, disappearing down the three-stepped deck onto the gravel pathway to the shop.
"Multiple GWs to the right of her sternum," Meg said all cold efficiency. "Lost a pulse on her just a few seconds ago."
Dean gave her a weird look as he lit his cigarette and said, "Didn't you guys get drinks with Rufus last night?"
“I guess I just should’ve told you sooner.” Dean shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck, eyes darting away from Cas once more.
The doctor waited for a moment, probably unsure if Dean was going to continue or not, but then he continued. "A friend of mine has a brother who is missing," he said, wringing his hands awkwardly. Dean raised an eyebrow. "My friend's name is Sam, does that name mean anything to you?"
Dean gave Castiel a desperate look, and, in response, Cas held the yearbook out to Sam. Sam glanced over at Dean and then took the yearbook. "It appears," Castiel said, "that Bobby knew your parents."
Castiel looked up when Gabriel tapped the desk by Castiel's left elbow where he'd been leaning on the nurses station. He righted himself immediately, and told himself to smile. "How're the big leagues?" Gabriel asked with a waggle of his eyebrows.
Both bathrooms in Bobby's house looked right out of a '70s home improvement magazine, but the one downstairs was arguably worse. The wallpaper was green and beige paisley and the bathtub, toilet and sink were brown. It always smelled like a heater and hairspray which was curious considering there hadn't been a woman in the bathroom in probably a decade. Dean lifted the toilet seat up and pissed, closing his eyes in relief. He flushed and turned to wash his hands, falling short when he eyed the mirror. Reflected back at him was his mother. She was just looking at him, eyes opaque white but soft. He looked over his shoulder, nothing, and then back to the mirror. She was still there.
Dean swallowed hard, "I asked her to try talking to me. I wanted to hear her voice." Castiel was silent, and Dean rubbed his face, upset but not surprised when his hand came back wet. "She touched me," Dean said, "on the shoulder. I could feel it, not just see it."
"Fuckin' forget it, dude," Dean laughed. "Take your own damn car." Sam sighed, seeming to understand that he'd lost the battle, and pressed the call button to place their order.
Zachariah made a choked noise that Castiel couldn't decipher, and then he spoke firmly. "His status isn't ideal for regular patient care. Frankly, we're concerned about the risk of permanent damage to multiple sites. He's got several injuries, and we've in a bit of a time crunch with his procedure." Castiel didn't speak, because he knew Zachariah wasn't finished. "He's been under for almost as long as he's been here." He checked his shiny Rolex, "Nearly an two and a half hours."
Castiel's head jerked up from where he was talking with Gabriel and Meg down in the ER when he heard sirens wailing just outside. The ER was suddenly a flurry of activity, with Meg Masters shooting off toward the commotion like a rocket. There was a group of paramedics, residents, and nurses pushing a stretcher through the glass doors, someone already on top of the patient applying pressure to a severe looking wound. Over the raucous fervor of the crowd, Cas could hear Meg shouting orders at people from her place to the patient's left. "Get him to Center Stage!"
Bobby had told Dean since he was a kid that he was going to go to college and make his parents proud - Dean always wondered if Bobby meant his birth parents, or Bobby himself, or all three of them. College seemed cool, so Dean had been onboard with Bobby's plan. Parties, no supervision, access to any mind blowing experience you could think of. The more he thought about it, and the older he got, the more he did want to go. It's just... he couldn't. The problem was Sam.
Castiel pulled Dean's cock out of his boxers and, before Dean could think of anything to say, Castiel had it in his mouth, and,
Castiel smiled at them and excused himself from the room, depositing her chart. He made his rounds, and, before he took off for the night, pulled Mrs. Hutchinson's chart again. He took it over to Tessa at the counter and said, "Would you mind ordering a blood test and CT Scan for Mrs. Hutchinson, please?"
"John Winchester, Mary Campbell -- 746 S Valley View Rd. Dean Henry, Samuel William," Dean read quietly. His face felt too hot. No, the air felt too hot. He was burning up. Sweating. How long had he been in here? He looked back down at the address book, and read it again. Underneath the careful print was a little note scribbled and starred. "Dean, Samuel -- where?? 1409 E Benson Rd. 315 W Lotta St. 2430 W Mesa Pass. 110 N Mystic Cir. 176 S Louise Ave. 883 S Homan Pl." The list went on like that, and each address was crossed out and the word 'where' had been circled a shitload of times.
Dean kept walking, beside Castiel this time. It was weird to hear someone talk about his mom. No one he knew knew anything about her -- aside from the fact that she was dead. "So she came to you? Did you know her before she died? How old are you anyway?"
The house was cool when they went in, the aircon working double time as they made their way into the kitchen. They all sat at the table, Sam scooting his chair back enough to retrieve three beers which he divvied up once he was back at the table. For a while they just sat in silence, drinking and reflecting on their days.
"It's, uh, it's going," Dean said. He stood and walked to his bed, sitting on the edge and then laying back and staring up at the ceiling. "What are you reading?"
"Car accident," Dr. Murphy replied. Castiel had schooled his expression into something he hoped conveyed sympathy instead of horror. There was a reason he had never learned to drive. "If he makes it out of the surgery, I'm placing him under your care specifically. You're our best ICU Attending."
He darted for the door, barely squeezing into the bathroom before puke was funneling out of his body at fucking warp speed. He hunched over the toilet, listening to himself vomit, making himself vomit more. When he was done, he leaned back on his knees and wiped his eyes because he'd started crying. He stood, knees shaking, and wiped the toilet bowl with toilet paper before flushing. He stumbled to the sink where he splashed water in his face and brushed his teeth. He stood, staring at himself in the mirror.
Dean's eyes flashed down to Castiel's, and he licked the corners of his mouth. He wanted Castiel. He put a hand on the back of Castiel's neck and brought him in, Castiel smiled and pressed his hands to Dean's chest. They kissed. Castiel's mouth was warm and sugary, and Dean needed more. He pulled Castiel, by his hips, even closer, until they were pressed chest to chest and Castiel had to move his hands up to Dean's face. Dean licked into Castiel's mouth, and Cas became pliant, letting Dean push him back onto the bed behind him.
She gave him one more smile, and Dean felt his heart constrict painfully. She turned her head to the right, Dean did the same, and she  was gone.
Castiel walked closer and gripped Dean’s arm. He looked deeply at him and then said, “Dean, you’re not.” Dean wasn’t going to be the one to break eye contact. He squeezed Dean’s bicep and offered a gentle look that was so characteristically Cas that it made Dean’s chest constrict.
"Don't know," He said, "go ahead and read it though. Let me know if it mentions my parents. John and Mary."
“You have this look like… like, I dunno, like you’re hurt or something,” Dean said cutting a forkful of pie and jabbing it into his mouth unceremoniously.
"Thanks," Dean said, closing the refrigerator door and opening his beer. He took a sip, nodded at Sam and watched him go back into the living room. When Dean was sure he was completely out of sight, he turned back to the window. The guy was still there, and, apparently, only Dean could fucking see him.
"You can follow me," Dean said, jerking his head toward the stairs and heading back up. He heard Castiel step inside and close the door, and then a second passed and Castiel's feet were on the staircase behind him.
"Dean pulled away from the curb and headed back to his home, praying that Sam was in bed so he could avoid the playful jeering at the expense of Dean's lovesick smile.
"Fuck yeah," Dean panted. Castiel kissed a line down Dean's back, and then Dean felt one finger pressing against his hole. It was a sensational pressure that Dean had gone too long without. Castiel's fingers were long and nimble, and the first one was in in no time. Dean rocked back onto it, and Castiel laughed slightly, voice thick like syrup. "Another one," Dean plead, and Castiel obliged, lining up his second finger and pushing in. A moment passed and he inserted a third. It felt so good, Castiel twitched his fingers slowly, grazing Dean's prostate deliberately, at which Dean keened.
Dean woke up to a knock on his door a few hours later, and he sat up and rubbed his eyes. "Yeah?" He called.
Bobby laughed outright, giving Dean a curious look. "And here I thought you'd sworn guys off for good."
"No," Sam rubbed the back of his neck and then continued, "I was wondering if you'd come with me to pick one out? I mean, you've known her for such a long time."
Castiel laughed again, only this time it caught Dean off guard. He'd been expecting a swoon not a laugh. "Sure, Dean," Castiel said through his laughter, "sounds like a great time."
He wasn't mad. Not really. He'd just been worried. When he couldn't get ahold of Bobby he found himself thinking of when his parents died. He'd been staying at his neighbors house, waiting for his mom and dad to come get him. But they hadn't come back, and he'd never gotten to see them again.
Dean stumbled. Bobby knew his dad. His dad knew Bobby. They played football together. They were friends. Dean felt sick. He had to sit down. He carried the book with him over to Bobby's desk and did just that, unceremoniously. He stared at the picture of the football team. At his dad's face, severe but light in the eyes.
Castiel looked back up from his notebook and sighed gently, “Look, I’m not trying to tell you what to do, but if you don’t want to be a doctor, maybe you should talk to your dad.” Dean’s face contorted and, yeah, that wasn’t what Dean had been hoping or expecting Cas to say, but it was what needed to be said.
Castiel snorted and jerked his head up, “What?” His voice cracked and he shook his head. He closed his textbook, ignoring the annotations he’d been in the middle of to focus on steadying his breath. He could feel his heart thundering against his ribs, behind his eyes, and in his wrists. He watched Dean work over his thoughts before speaking.
He shook his head, "No, but Mrs. Hutchinson consented to the tests," Castiel said, "She wants her daughter to feel secure, and, honestly, so do I."
were impossible," Dean pointed out, "Just thought I'd ask." It was silent again, and Dean wished anything would fill the noise, so he did. "Where are you from, Cas?"
The next time Dean woke, it was to the pinging of his alarm, a god-awful three toned nightmare. He groaned and silenced it, standing and checking his phone for any missed messages. He found one from an unrecognized number, so he swiped it open and stared down at it.
Bobby patted Dean's shoulder, smile lifting up one side of his face, "I get it, kid. I'll be okay." He winked at Dean and headed for his office. "Let me know when it's ready, we'll eat at the table."
Dean Winchester never expected to fall in love with his best friend, and he certainly didn’t expect to be waiting in his car outside the apartment they shared with a bouquet of flowers.
"Please, Mrs. Hutchinson, you won't hurt my feelings," Castiel smiled at her and added, "I'm your doctor, you're more than allowed to vent to me. Would you tell me what the problem is right now?"
Dean brushed the head of his dick, feeling precome wet his thumb, using it for a little extra friction. He imagined it was Castiel licking a stripe on the underside of Dean's cock, and he moaned just a little, turning so he could muffle it with his pillow. He stroked faster, feeling the tension roiling in his belly. He canted his hips upward quickly, feeling his heart beating in the throb of his dick.
Castiel looked flustered for the first time in their entire encounter, and Dean let himself take a good look at him. He was more attractive than most guys Dean knew; flesh like light honey dusted with cherry flush on the soft parts, and lips chapped but tinted shiny with balm. "Nice meeting you," Dean said, swallowing thickly.
Dr. Novak nodded solemnly and said, "Would you mind if I let him know your name to see if perhaps you
Bobby grinned at Dean over the top of his beer bottle and gave him a wink. Dean shook his head and tried to look upset, but he was smiling and everyone knew it. Sam came around Dean's side, hands wet, and flicked water at him. Dean laughed and chased him back to the sink, dipping soap suds out of the basin and blowing them at his little brother. Bobby laughed heartily, and the boys turned on him. Sam grabbed the nozzle of the sink and shot water at him, letting it spray in a magnificent arc across the floor while Dean repeated his bubble blowing tactic. It was as if they were children again, darting for cover once Bobby stood and made his own way to the sink, laughing the whole time. It was only a matter of minutes before they devolved completely into chaos, climaxing in a group bear hug that threatened to crush the life out of all three of them.
Dean typed his number into Castiel's phone, and then handed it back and smiled at him a little. Castiel looked flustered for the first time in their entire encounter, and Dean let himself take a good look at him. He was more attractive than most guys Dean knew; flesh like light honey dusted with cherry flush on the soft parts and lips chapped but tinted shiny with balm. "Nice meeting you," Dean said, swallowing thickly.
"That's okay," Castiel said quickly, "most times you can't, so it's nothing to be upset about. It's not like reading an alive person's lips. It's much harder." Dean didn't say anything, just listened to Castiel's easy breathing. "Are you alright?" He asked after it had been quiet for too long.
Dean wished he'd gotten to work on time. He sighed, "Man, I'd love nothing more, but I bargained with Bobby to work through so I didn't have to stay late." Ben looked dejected for a moment, but then he was distracted by a carburetor that was laying out on Bobby's cluttered workbench.
Dean looked at him again, face still bright and hot. He studied the crease between Castiel’s eyebrows, and the crooked bridge of his nose - thanks to a fight with his brother a few years back. “Cas,” Dean sighed, “I’m sorry.”
Not soon enough, Dean felt Castiel lining the blunt head of his cock up with Dean's asshole.  Cas moved slowly, but, once in, Dean thought to himself that he could die right there and be perfectly fine. Castiel was bigger than Dean had expected, and having Castiel's cock inside him was a tight fit. Cas waited to move, rubbing Dean's lower back with one palm and holding Dean's hip with the other. Dean's vision was swimming with sparks and he sighed desperately. Castiel's hips started to move and Dean felt himself losing his grip.
Dean felt his eyes get big. He felt a swell in his chest and right behind his eyes. He felt his face get hot, invaded by a crimson blush. Castiel pulled his bag on and let himself look at Dean for a few more seconds before he left the café and walked down the street, hunched over against the rain.
Dean flopped down on his bed again and groaned, bouncing his fingers against his chest and counting all of the reasons he shouldn’t follow Cas out. Lisa interrupted him ten minutes later when she knocked on the door. He stood to answer it, obviously. Hugged her when she came in, obviously. Let her take his hand and pull him down the hall. When they passed the common room and Dean saw Cas talking to a pretty redheaded guy, he pretended he was okay.
He thought about Bobby and how hard he was working. Dean imagined him laying in his own bed, sleeping soundly after a long day of physical labor and worrying about his kids. It made Dean feel almost sick to his stomach. All he'd done since his parents died was cause trouble. Until Bobby took them in, Dean's bad attitude and outbursts of rage had been the reason they'd been rehomed so many times.
Dean tapped his fingers on the edge of the table and Castiel bit back some snotty reply about how he did care. “What question?” He asked.
Dean awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck and stood. He downed the rest of his beer and then got another one. Instead of sitting back down, he leaned against the counter in front of the sink. He stared at the empty space in front of him. "This is where I was the first time," he said, "right here."
"Sure thing," Dean said flipping the rag he'd been holding over his shoulder so he could lean forward, take Lisa's hand and press a chaste kiss to her mouth. "See you later. Ben."
“Shut up,” Dean moaned, “trying to think with you in the room is like trying to stay calm with a gun pointed at my feet.” Castiel raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything else. “Lisa told me that maybe I liked you back and just didn’t know it.” Castiel’s eyes briefly widened. “I kind of think she broke up with me. She wasn’t real clear.”
"You don't want to go to college," Bobby said, hands turned palms up to the sky. Dean stared at him, mouth open. "I get it, and I'm not gonna force you." Dean nodded, finally closing his mouth. "'Course, I'd like for you to go to college, but if that's not what you want to do, well, then we can figure something else out."
“How was your date?” Castiel asked softly as he turned off his book light in tandem with Dean. He was smiling and wearing a Woodstock '69 shirt. He closed his book and laid it on his lap. Dean looked away and busied himself with emptying his pockets.
"I've seen her," Dean confessed after a beat of silence, "lots of times, but she's never talked to me before."
Dean stared at him for a second, studying the look of the man before him. He was tall and broad shouldered, with days of scruff on his cheeks and kind eyes. Dean shook his head and then paused and said, "Can you help me figure out who I am?"
Dean invited Castiel to the house which sat across the property of Bobby's shop. Castiel followed behind Dean, trailing him by maybe only four feet. He wasn't speaking. Neither was Dean. Mostly, Dean couldn't think of what to say. There had been too many coincidences in what Castiel had said for it to be untrue. It had to be real. Dean had to believe him, because if he didn't believe him then he might as well be fucking crazy. Dean suddenly stopped walking and Castiel ran into him from behind.
"What?" Dean asked. "He's standing way back there. Almost in the tree line. Black coat, dark hair. Can't see his face."
Sam was sitting in the recliner in Dean's living room reading the newspaper of all things, looking like every dad from a cheesy '80's sitcom. He flicked the paper down, just grinning at the door like he expected as much. "Kinda late, huh, Dean?" He teased.
Bobby crossed the floor to Dean, taking him by the shoulders, "It's okay, Dean," he said. Bobby wasn't the warmest person in the world, he was gruff and hardened, but when he pulled Dean in for a hug it was warm and Dean, even now at twenty-two years old, felt safe. Bobby patted Dean on the back and then pulled away. "
Dean stared at him for a minute. He knew he was missing things. That he had gaps. It both did and didn't make sense that having a brother would be lost to these gaps. "Yeah," Dean said, before he'd considered it too thoroughly. "Sure, whatever you think."
"Okay," Castiel replied, but he didn't elaborate so Dean just rolled his eyes and pulled away from the curb. It took him a while, but eventually Castiel spoke again. "Dean, why did you invite me out?"
Bobby nodded at him, popping the cap off his beer and guzzling some down before speaking. "Thanks, kid," Bobby said. He looked up at Dean, squinting one eye, "How was the shop today?"
Bobby got home later than he normally did, nearly ten o'clock that night. Dean and Sam were at the kitchen table playing cards. Dean had made lasagna for dinner, and had left warming in the oven as it cooled. The boys hadn't waited for Bobby to come home before eating, only because they had once when Dean was fourteen and Bobby teased them about it. Since then, it became routine to eat without someone when they were late. Both Sam and Dean had tried texting and calling Bobby, but, each time, he had failed to answer.
"So this is contraband?" Castiel said, indicating the books. Dean nodded the affirmative and Castiel winced, "Why were you in his office then?"
Dean had one hand stretched behind Lisa's seat, Ben asleep beside them on the couch in Lisa's apartment. They'd been together for close to a year, and date nights had gone from being the most impressive thing Dean could come up with to dinner and a movie back at Lisa's. He was truly happy. Happier than he'd every given himself the ability to be. Lisa leaned her head on Dean's shoulder and looked up at him through dark eyelashes. "What are thinking about?" She asked him softly.
Dean blinked and tried to tell himself he wasn’t imagining the gleam of longing in Castiel’s eyes. “It would?” He asked dumbly. Castiel laughed gently, it was soft and raspy - like most things Cas said. He nodded, and pressed his hands onto Dean’s shoulders. Dipping forward, he pressed a feather light kiss on Dean’s cheek. Dean just stared at him, eyes wide and lips parted. Castiel smiled at him as he pulled away and started to leave, turning down the hallway. “Hey, wait,” Dean said grabbing the fabric in the middle of Castiel’s coat - he halted immediately - “you can’t leave right now.”
“Dean,” Cas said, hands running through Dean’s hair repetitively, “I fell in love with you in sixth grade.”
"Nah," Bobby said, drinking his own coffee, "told Rufus I'd come in a little later than normal, wanted to catch up on some reading."
Dean agreed but couldn't say that he did for the fear of pissing him off by hurting his feelings. "Maybe you should take a break?" He suggested instead, lifting one shoulder nonchalantly.
There was a knock on the door and Dean closed his eyes and pretended to sleep, so he wouldn't have to entertain anymore questions. The door opened a little bit and he heard someone step inside and then the door closed again. In another moment, there was a noise beside him, soft, like a whisper, and then the gentle touch of a hand on his forehead. There was another noise, this time on the machinery that was plugged in next to Dean's bed, a high pitched whine that lasted almost three full seconds. The person in the room hummed a low note and then patted Dean's hand, and retreated. Dean figured it was probably Dr. Novak.
you? What the fuck is your problem?" In seconds flat, Dean was dropping the rag to the floor and seeing white as he rushed to where Castiel was standing face tinged pink, eyes narrow. He grabbed Castiel's collar and dragged him forward a little. "What the fuck is wrong with you?"
"Yes," Castiel affirmed with a smile, "Everything looked normal. We'd need to release you to oncology for at least a night and, provided everything goes well while you're there, I'm sure you could be discharged as soon as Friday morning."
Mrs. Hutchinson's eldest daughter - the one standing at the wall - said, "We're worried about sepsis."
Dean's mouth was dry and his head was fucking throbbing. He was alone for the first time since he'd woken up. It had been a flurry of nonstop motion for way too long. Doctors, nurses, and guys in monochrome suits all looking him over and asking him questions. Seemed a little unprofessional if you asked Dean. The first guy, had been the only one who treated him frankly. He told him exactly where he was and why he was there, and he offered to call someone for Dean, but... well, Dean couldn't think of anyone to call.
, right," Castiel said, scrubbing a hand through his hair. "It's... well, it's like you're standing in a really small room and there are loads of people all whispering in your ear at the same time, only none of them care about the other ones."
“– but I’m not gay. I mean the only guy I’ve ever even thought about kissing was you and that was like a year ago so.” Dean stopped when Castiel made a surprised hum. He looked up to meet Castiel’s eyes and then said quietly, “Shit.”
“Where were you?” Dean asked, voice muffled by his pillow. He rolled over but didn’t look at Cas. He didn’t have to. He already knew what he was doing; relaxing onto his bed with some book - probably for his medieval lit class - and purposefully not looking at him. “Cas?” Dean questioned. Castiel was quiet. He sat up and shrugged. It was too warm in their room. Cas liked it warm, and Dean kept the fact that it bothered him to himself. He cleared his throat, “Cas, I don’t…” he rubbed his eyes, “We need to talk. About what you said at the coffee shop.”
Dean watched him go, and then closed the door, turning to see Sam leaning against the partition separating the kitchen from the entryway. He was watching him with an amused smile. "I thought you'd given up men?" Sam teased.
She closed her eyes, and reached out. On Dean's shoulder he felt pressure, and he could see her hand on him in his reflection, but there was nothing in his peripheral. "Please, mom." He strained his ears to hear, he saw her mouth move, but he couldn't hear her saying anything. He stared at her, eyes wide. "I can't hear you," he said, voice breaking, "try again. Please." She looked sad then, eyes closing. Her hand moved off of his shoulder and she opened her eyes.
“No, Cas,” Dean said with a shake of his head. He pressed a tender kiss to Castiel’s jaw, peppered with scruff. “I love you too much for that.”
"My car?" he asked slowly, voice foggy. He shook his head lightly, the rage that had been there moments ago had faded to a low boiling anger that was only visible because Castiel was used to it. "Where the hell am I? And don't say "the hospital," because, obviously, I know that. I mean which one."
people. He had his sights set on Stanford - he had since he was like twelve - and Bobby, as much as he wanted to, wouldn't be able to afford to send
There was uneasy silence between them. Dean didn't know what to say or think or do. All he really wanted to know was if it was true. It seemed true. Castiel seemed to be trustworthy... if not a little odd.
Sam looked again, stepping closer to the sink and leaning toward the windowpane as if to see better. He stared outside for a while. "Dean, I don't see anything out there, man."
The first ghost Dean saw was his mother. It was his first night at Bobby's house, and he was anxious about sleeping apart from Sam. At all of their other homes, they slept in the same room, sometimes even the same bed. It was the only constant he'd ever had and it had been taken away from him, so he was laying in bed wide awake, staring at the ceiling. It was a weird kind of quiet in Bobby's house. All of the other homes they'd stayed in had been in the city or in cloistered suburbs in the middle of town, but Bobby lived on the outskirts of Sioux Falls, far enough away from night traffic to isolate forest sounds outside. The crickets and locusts and frogs. It was unsettling, and he couldn't sleep, so he got up to get a drink from the kitchen downstairs.
"Uh, your mom," Castiel said, "Mary? She wanted me to let you know that she's okay. And that she loves you." He fidgeted where he was standing.
Dean and Bobby shared a look and Dean bounced his eyebrows at him. Bobby laughed, shook his head, and headed toward the dish of lasagna, scooping some out onto a plate, and microwaving it for a minute and a half before he came to sit back down. The next few rounds went by slowly, each broken up by some kind of commentary from Dean who was trying deliberately to screw Sam up somehow. It proved unhelpful, because Sam really
Castiel glanced at her face to see if she was serious. She seemed to be. Castiel cleared his throat. "No, ma'am," he said.
Castiel took a drink of his coffee, "It's not always fun, but it's not too bad." He lifted his shoulder, "I just, um, wondered how your day was."
Castiel resisted the urge to go look, because that would be unprofessional, but he did raise an eyebrow and say, "Huh."
"What did you do, Dean?" Sam asked, entering his bedroom. His eyes flicked over to Castiel and he narrowed his eyes, looking back to Dean.
Dean glanced over at him and saw that Cas wasn't looking at him but out the window at the city. "Honestly?" Dean asked and Castiel hummed. "I don't know."
"Hm, that's weird," Sam said, tapping his chin and looking up contemplatively. "I could've sworn he said he was having an engine problem."
Dr. Novak took a seat on the edge of Dean's bed, leaning forward slightly. "So, where we're going from here is going to sound intimidating, but I assure you, you're in the best care available." Dean only stared at him. "Because of the size of the hematoma, we're going to just monitor the situation for now. This will involve a small procedure to put in a device called an ICP Monitor, just so we can keep an eye on it."
The only reason Dean was enrolled in pre-med was because his father, John, was projecting some kind of twisted White Knight Syndrome fever dream onto him. The whole time Cas had known him, Dean had only been interested in one thing, and that was engineering, but any time Dean entertained the idea of switching majors, he became a nervous wreck and locked himself in their dorm for hours at a time, without considering that Cas lived there too.
"Anyway," Sonya said, ever the mother of the bunch, "the tests for infection on Mrs. Hutchinson came back negative, she's all good. Honestly, she could be ready to be moved back to Oncology."
There was a knock on the bathroom door and Sam saying, "Bobby wanted me to ask if you were sick or something."
Dean felt warm at the thought of having Castiel in his room. The last time he'd had someone attractive up to his room, it was Benny and, well, he didn't want to think about that right now. He stood aside and gestured to his room, inviting Castiel inside. Dean followed him in, pushing the door mostly closed. Castiel was standing in the middle of the room, just looking around. He was dressed to impress, tight jeans with rips and a slightly cropped purple shirt. Dean swallowed hard and nodded at himself, grateful Castiel wasn't looking at him.
The ICU was normally pretty calm, as surprising as that may seem, and Castiel often took that for granted. Only when he was in the ER did he truly realize how intensely lucky he actually was to have a job where he could dedicate most of his time to a handful of patients who - if Castiel were going to brag - typically made it out of his unit. He took a breath and stepped out of the elevator and towards the nurse's station.
Apartment G13 was flooded with loud music when Dean opened the door. Castiel immediately crossed the floor and hushed him. He pushed the door shut, leaning close enough to smell. His hair was askew and streaked with yellow paint. “What’s going on?” Dean asked.
Sam rolled his eyes and said, "Rufus called and needed help with a water heater install so he headed up there. Now, what the hell did you do?"
Castiel said, tugging on Dean's belt loops. Dean complied, standing from the bed and dropping his jeans. Castiel was sitting up and watching him. He kicked off his jeans and Dean came back over to him, smiling, and kneeling on the bed. Castiel kissed him again. Dean let Cas roll him so that Castiel was on top, and Dean was reaching up to kiss him. Castiel kissed down Dean's face and neck and chest, trailing down to the band of Dean's boxers.
Mrs. Hutchinson was a middle aged woman with a hoard of teenage daughters who was in the ICU because of a recent bone marrow transplant to treat her Leukemia. She was in the ICU to be watched for infection, but so far, things were going well for her post-op and Castiel was hopeful that she'd be free to leave sometime soon. He grabbed her chart from the bin on the door, and knocked before pushing it open. She was his favorite patient.
He should tell Sam. He glanced out of the bathroom into the hallway. Sam was a fairly light sleeper. All he would have to do was knock and Sam would get up. He could probably talk Dean down, he always could before. But Sam didn't know their parents. He wouldn't care as much as Dean. He might not care at
Cas pulled away for a moment, and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Do you have lube?" Dean nodded and dug into the drawer of his bedside table while Castiel discarded his underwear. Castiel was impressive, and Dean swallowed hard as he passed the bottle over to him. Castiel kissed Dean's mouth, and then curled his hand over Dean's cock again, letting his hand jerk up and down as they kissed. "Knees," Castiel instructed, mouth slack against Dean's.
Dean waited until he saw Lisa back out of the lot and head down the gravel driveway before he turned back to the TR7 and closed the hood. He went toward Bobby's workbench and glanced at the carburetor, trying to visualize which car on their lot was living without one.
Sam nodded and typed the number of the restaurant into his phone. "Dean," he said, "I need to borrow the Impala to go pick it up." He looked up at Dean, eyes set and mouth pinched. Trying to prove he wasn't going to take no for an answer.
It took most of Castiel's restraint not to salute him as he walked away. He was a touch socially awkward, but he wouldn't resort to showing it that boldly. As he waited for Sam to return to their table, he counted back in his head to how long it had been since they'd met up to talk. The last time he actually remembered seeing Sam was in passing back in October. He tried not to feel hurt by the fact.
Bobby was the one who'd patched him up after fights, given him hugs when he cried, given him a job and a home and a life. He'd never lie to Dean.
"Dude," Dean laughed, and Castiel kept looking at him and grinning. They came to a stoplight on the empty road and Dean faced Castiel who was already looking at him. "You're really fuckin' something, man."
Dean stopped pacing and looked at Castiel. "No," he said, "I never thought about it. It's not something you want to ask." Castiel nodded like he agreed. "It's like... I wish he'd have just
Dean looked at him for a moment. He didn't really want to know. Not right now anyway. His stomach hurt and his head was still pounding, which, now that Dr. Novak told him what the hell was wrong with him, made sense. Right now, all he really wanted was a hug. He shook his head. "No. If we need to do it, you can tell me then," Dean said.
“Your face is red,” Castiel pointed out, head tilting. “Do you feel okay?” Dean nodded, but before he could really answer, Cas was pushing closer and laying his palm flat on Dean’s forehead.
Dean headed into Bobby's office. He could count on one hand the amount of times he'd been in there unsupervised. Bobby didn't like for them to go in there when they were kids because of uncommon collectibles Bobby had, some of which could be misconstrued for devil worship or witchcraft. When Dean and Sam first moved in, Dean had snuck in once after Bobby had gone to bed, just to look around, but Bobby caught him in no time, almost like he'd been prepared for Dean to act like a jackass. Another few times he'd gone in like this, grabbing money or a paper or book for Bobby when he didn't feel like getting up. He'd been in with Bobby only once or twice, for serious conversations in high school that usually ended up in Dean being grounded.
Sam's face reddened and he looked off to the side awkwardly. "Nothing... I'll pull up the menu so you can look at it. It's online." He pulled out his cellphone and started to type.
Castiel tapped his fingers on the counter, offering her a smile and then started to turn, but bumped into his supervisor, Dr. Zachariah Murphy. He was dressed in a sharp gray suit, and he gripped Castiel's shoulder and held him at length. Cas would be lying if he said he wasn't intimidated. Zachariah had small, beady eyes and more of a grimace than a smile. He steered Castiel away from the nurse's station. He sent a helpless look to Sonya and Tessa.
“He’s convinced there’s a rattle,” Dean shook his head. Castiel snorted and continued cleaning the brushes, one by one.
Sam stared at the books in silence for a while longer, then he handed them to Dean and just looked at his brother. "You shouldn't have taken those," he said, "you should've just asked Dad."
Bobby was hunched over a station wagon in the process of replacing it's battery, while Dean tackled a Monte Carlo with faulty power steering. There were people waiting in their cars lining the driveway, and Sam was going from car to car, assessing the problems. Sam stepped into the garage and wiped his brow with the back of his hand.
His parents had died in an accident on the way home from the hospital after his brother Sam, who was miraculously okay after the accident, was born. Since then, Dean found it unable to fear anything, really. He was only four at the time, and suddenly, he was dropped into the all too real, all too evil world with a baby brother to take care of. For a while, Dean and Sam had lived in a foster home with a set of identical twin girls right out of
Dean shook his head, he recalled the memory easily. "She reached for me," he admitted, "but I didn't... I stepped back."
Dean rolled his eyes and closed the hood on the Monte Carlo. "Sam, grab Mr. Thomas and let him know his car's done, so we can get the next guy in."
They stared at each other for a moment and then Castiel moved the pie off of his notebook and closed the cover. Dean’s stomach lurched with anxiety. Castiel took the notebook and shoved it halfheartedly into his backpack. It was starting to rain outside and Dean tried not to think about the setting that that was giving their current situation. Cas scooped his highlighters and pens into his fist, downed the rest of his coffee and stood up, napkin falling to the floor as he did so. “I love you,” Cas said as if he was giving Dean the weather report.
Sam nodded and disappeared into the only airconditioned part of the shop, the waiting room. Dean got behind the wheel and backed out into the grass car waiting area. He went back into the shop, waving the next car in line into the garage.
"Okay," Dean said. He tried not to act rude, because he'd been raised with manners. "Thanks." The nurse nodded and left the room, leaving the door halfway open, much to Dean's chagrin.
care as much as he did. It wasn't like Bobby had been the one who plowed into his parents' car that night. Bobby hadn't taken them away. He'd kept tabs on Dean and Sam, knew where they were their whole lives. So then why had it taken him so long to foster and then adopt them? If he cared enough to keep track of them. What was the
Dean Winchester didn't get scared. Ever. It was like a superpower of his. He always just assumed it came with the territory. He grew up seeing ghosts.
It was last year. On Castiel’s birthday. The two of them had gone to a broadway inspired diner called Evita’s! to celebrate. They’d had to drive two hours to get there, but Castiel hadn’t shut up about the place for months and Dean loved surprises. They sat at this big booth with glittery yellow cushions and a table covered with laminated playbills, and the whole time, Castiel was looking at him with his big blue doe eyes and this wide, almost giddy, smile. The whole night Dean wondered how it would feel to have Castiel’s stubble scrape against his chin as his tongue slipped into his mouth hot and foreign.
Dean looked around. The only people even remotely near them were the people walking their dogs across the street -- two girls with four yappy little Pomeranians. "Uh," Dean said.
Dean climbed up over Castiel, a leg on either side of him and continued kissing him. Cas had one hand in Dean's hair and the other on his hip. Every once in a while, Dean would grind his hips against Castiel's, and listen as his soft breaths turned heavy. Dean could feel Castiel getting hard through his jeans, and it was hot... and
“Why are you apologizing?” Castiel asked removing his hand from Dean’s face and making an indecipherable gesture with it.
Hands shaking as he held back tears, Dean pulled his phone from his pocket. His fingers fumbled as he dialed Castiel's phone number, and he took a seat on the edge of the bathtub to keep himself from losing balance. His mother had touched him. She'd really touched him. He'd talked to her and she tried to talk back. What would she have said?
Castiel said, "You too, Dean," and then he was gone, disappearing down the three-stepped deck onto the gravel pathway to the shop.
When Dean pulled to the curb of Castiel's apartment building, he opened the door to buzz Castiel's apartment, but, before he had a chance to, Castiel was coming out of the building, waving and pulling a tie-dye sweater on over his head. Dean laughed. Castiel came around the passenger side, and got in. He turned to look at Dean and smiled.
"She wants you to know that it's okay to be happy, even though she and John aren't there with you anymore," Castiel said. Dean stared at him, hands and shoulders trembling. Castiel reached forward ever so slightly and touched Dean's upper arm. "It's okay," he said.
He stood and started to leave, but then he remembered the blue book he'd seen earlier that night. What the hell, he was already trespassing. Might as well get a laugh. Dean pulled the blue book from the stack, careful not to disturb anything that had been on top of it. He held it up and read the cover, "S.F. Washington High Senior Yearbook 1972."
Sam looked like he wanted to say something else, but, instead, he just stood up and said, "I get it." Dean doubted if he really did or not. "Night, Dean."
“I worked,” Castiel deadpanned. He carried his jar of dirty paintbrushes out of the corner and into the kitchen, sauntering past Dean as he went. Dean stopped himself from reaching out. Somedays he could get away with it, but most of the time it would be too hard to explain away. Castiel turned on the water in the sink and took out a brush. Dean pulled himself up on to the counter and watched. “Were there any cool cars today?” Cas asked throwing a glance over his shoulder at Dean. The sparkle of just-too-much was in his eye, and it kept Dean from smiling.
Some days, Dean wished he'd told Sam to get lost when he'd come looking for a place to stay after college, but Dean had kind of a soft spot for his little brother, so he'd ignored his inner voice and granted permission. He just... hadn't considered everything that would go into living with Sam again. Like, for example, how much longer his hair was post-Stanford than it had been when he was in middle school, before Dean moved into his own place. Or, another good one, the fact that living with Sam also meant living with his girlfriend Jess (who was actually really sweet, but it was a small house, okay?) The house was nothing spectacular, and cramped when Dean lived by himself, but now with two other housemates it was the equivalent of a New York Studio apartment, complete with the loud neighbors and faulty fire alarms... but, it was home.
