Tony remembered laughing at the Chauffer’s teasing grin. He did not remember Stefen watching, either that time or any of the others. He swallowed thickly as he discovered more and more sketches of himself, usually alone but sometimes with the children or mid chat with one of the staff.
"You are in Austria now, Agent!" The captain snapped back. "You’d like my men to arrest a man who fought beside them in the trenches, but was it you who stood up for them when the monarchy crumbled? Was it
He’d tried to talk their way out. Told them that these were Major Rogers Children and that he was their tutor, but the men had not listened. They heard and saw only what they wanted.
Tony looked up from his meal to survey the seven despondent faces of his charges as they picked at their plates.
“Engineering is somewhat outside our purview I’m afraid but education is a worthy service for any monk, Herr General.” Stark answered tightly, and then he turned to the captain and said, “Captain, it’s getting late. Perhaps we should see about getting the children home?”
Tony shoved at them and he wasn’t alone in his urgency to be rid of the barrier between himself and the heated flesh burning against his. Stefen bowed him backward, mouth unyielding, forcing Tony to stumble blindly backward as the captain’s hands yanked his shirt out of his slacks.
“It’s not the drink, major.” He flinched at the return of Khalmmer’s voice. “It’s the Ice. The Schnapps is just there for a treat.”
He had to change certain aspects about the lessons (mainly that they’d had them since the disaster the other day) and then it was onto Ian. Tony paused over the letter, once more, blinking as he drew a blank. He pictured the boy: average height, skinny, though not as skinny as his brothers (already Tony could see the makings of his father’s build). But he was lost as to what Ian had done with himself the previous day. Or anything he’d said for that matter, he was so quiet!
Stark raised an eyebrow but said nothing. Their conversation on the terrace echoing suddenly in Steve's memory.
“The decision not to hire on some temporary help here was mine, not hers. I did not want strangers around the children. I don’t trust Schmidt not to try something.” He admitted stiffly, and Tony blinked in alarm. It had never occurred to him that they might be in some immediate danger yet Stefen was making it sound very much as if they might be.
Tony watched as Stefen backed away from him, face shuttering once more, erecting walls of silence between them and he could have cursed.
Death. Ha. He might be dying he thought wildly. They were going to discover him naked in his bed with another man and they’d all know how unclean he’d been. The disjointed thought inspired a huff of breathless laughter.
Even now Natacha's face was pinched as she pulled Maria onto the back of her bicycle, the little girl clutching at Natacha’s sides anxiously, not at all sure about this cycling business.
It had taken him a moment to realize he had gotten out of bed and was standing in the middle of his room, half naked and trembling, another moment still to realize that the sound he’d heard wasn’t the screaming of wounded men but the plaintive cries of Bucky’s violin.
“No worse than I am now.” Stanislov lifted his glass toward Tony in mock toast. “We’ve doubled our production flow.”
Tony jerked as a heavy bucket full of freshly washed potatoes, still glistening in their skins, was set down right in front of his nose with a decisive thud.
"Of course you're wanted here, but don't tell me you'd give up learning molecular chemistry to stay home and keep James outta trouble?"
“Yes,” Nik’s reply was so final it stopped Tony cold. The Abbott pressed on a moment later. “The Reich is determined to stomp out resistance. And they’ve been successful with the use of spies infiltrating the resistance groups. Many men and women of the faith who have felt it their Christian duty to lend their aid to the resistance have found their churches raided without warning. No one is out of the Reich’s reach Stark.”
“Children,” she sighed, and six pairs of worried eyes fixed on her. “There’s something you need to know.”
There was even a drinks bar set up near the secretary’s desk. Ms. Rand (as she was introduced) got the children settled with water and some small snacks while their escort led Tony and Stefen to a conference room where Admiral Pike, whose command they were going to be under for the duration of the mission, was waiting with and an official-looking man in a suit.
“Tony, I’m scared.” Earlier that morning Maria had whispered fervently from where she was cradled within Natacha’s arms, after they’d come to collect Péter from the sitting room.
Peggy was leaning over him, a blanket in her arms. He must have… but as he slowly regained consciousness Steve’s thoughts stuttered and went blank. Not for the first time, the warmth of the phantom lingered despite all rationale. He could feel her body lying next to his, her warmth seeping into his skin.  Steve squeezed his closed eyes, willing the phantom feelings away. He couldn’t bear to see her right now. Couldn’t look her in the eye when he was… broken. So broke- it was just a dream! It always was. He couldn’t dwell on ghostly visions or the new mad ravings his mind had cooked up. He had to get up and keep going!
The old man stood alone in a crowd, passerby looking anywhere and everywhere but at the old man standing outside a ramshackle shop. Perhaps it was the crude yellow star across its doors, or the cruder words painted across its windows, or perhaps it was the pair of young men at his back, youthful shoulders straight and proud, backs as stiff as soldiers as they pointed first to the bucket at the old man’s feet and then to the graffiti littering the walls.
Tony needed to know if his grandparents were still alive, and if not what had happened to them. The events that had thrust Tony into the monastery had allowed him no chance to say goodbye and all of his letters to them had been returned unopened. He’d asked Obadiah to look into it for him, worrying that Nanno and Uncle Isiah had been hurt in the riot that had killed his parents. Stanislov’s response that neither men had reported to the Yard since the end of the riots and their house had been put up for sale had sent his seventeen-year-old self into a tailspin of depression.
That last name gave him pause, sending him back to the train ride to Berlin. Bethany had mentioned her father was an English diplomat of some sort. It could just be a coincidence of surnames, but Tony was leaving nothing to chance. He was as positive as he could possibly be that each of the people listed in this little book was involved in the resistance operation and Stefen had already revealed that they were coordinating with British Intelligence. Which meant that in some fashion or another the British Government had to be involved.  Since all the other names were just names to him it was as good a place as any to start.
"Charlotte will be happy you're back in Vienna." Bucky said to his turned back, and to anyone else it would have sounded like simply making conversation. But Steve knew Bucky too well for that.
“We’ll all be together again someday. I believe that and I want you to believe it, with everything you have.” Tony said, gaze locked with James who stared back from where he was curled into the corner, his back to the scratches on the wall where Tony knew he kept count of the days. “But until then, we have to focus on each other. On living. That’s what we have to do.”
Péter breathed what sounded like a wow under his breath before he snapped his mouth shut with a click and reached carefully inside the box for the device.
"The right thing often does." Stefen twitched, uncomfortable; though whether it was from the praise or the intensity of Tony’s gaze was hard to tell. And then he turned slightly to stare directly at Tony for the first time, something almost nervous in his eyes before he took a breath and soldiered on.
The cold chill that had entered the room when Coulson had warned them about their broadcasts being intercepted creeped over Tony’s skin like a hand. As his gaze was pulled toward Stefen and then Bucky who was clenching the edge of his seat in a white knuckled grip, that cold hand squeezed around his heart.
"Did you fight in the great war Stark?" Agent Neuman asked with a deceptively conversational tone. He had his back to Tony and appeared to be perusing the bookshelves in Stefen's study. He'd taken it over to hold interrogations of the household, ostensibly because it was a private room out of the way of the rest of the house - but Tony knew a posturing cock when he saw one.
“Sounds like she wants you.” Bakhuizen took a slow sip of his coffee and Tony watched his throat move covetously as he imagined the smooth dark liquid disappearing down the man’s ungrateful gullet.
Shame, hot and stinging, twisted in Péter’s belly as Harry’s words taunted him. He was sick. His father said it. The doctor said it, but Péter had never felt ill, or at least any iller than he ought to after that bout of summer fever the year before. He could still run as fast as any of his siblings, still lift more than Natacha and she was stubborn as a mule and refused to give up a contest until absolutely forced to.
“But if you follow it all the way up to the top of the mountain, it will take you to where they have built the Kehlsteinhaus.” Frau Zemo was saying, to the awed gasps of the younger children. Natacha’s eyes traveled upward till they reached the tree line, but all she saw through the snow-covered branches was white sky and falling snow.
The traffic was slow at this time in the evening but Steve found he didn’t mind. Maria was a warm solid weight in his lap and even if Artur’s pointy elbows and knees gave him the odd jab as the boy twisted and turned to see absolutely everything worth seeing. it was nice. It had been too long since he’d enjoyed a carriage ride like this, someone’s thigh pressed close to his and their shoulders nudging one another’s companionably. Cars were faster and more practical these days but he hoped the city didn’t do away with the system entirely. There was something about it.
“Do try not to be so trite, Charlotte.” The countess snipped without sparing the younger woman so much as a glance and Tony winced. Charlotte caught him staring and arched an eyebrow in challenge. He raised his glass to her in salute and took a drink for both of them. God, and he’d thought his relationship with Hughard had been cold.
Of course he wanted to go to school to learn chemistry and engineering, but Tony could teach him those things (Peter knew he could no matter what Tony said) and it would probably be better than what any stuffy Swiss professor could teach him.
He did. His worst was particularly terrible. Mostly because he had no patience for sighting, nor any care for wind control; and also because Stefen being focused on him meant he couldn’t focus on Péter's poor performance.
Right, clearly it was one of his brothers then. Likely the one who slept on the bed his eyes couldn’t seem to stop straying to.
“Stevie I’ve known you my whole life. I knew, almost before you did. You and I, we’re familia. Did you really think that after everything we’ve been through, that who you fucked was gonna change anything? Jesus, Stevie I literally caught uncle Tobas fucking a goat once. This is practically clean in comparison.”
Was the death of one man truly worse than all the lives they would lose in Hitler’s war? Tony scoffed at himself. He already knew the answer. He’d always been a shallow selfish creature at heart.
"You'll be quick I hope? The smell here is unpleasant." Tony wrinkled his nose, and it wasn't all for show. A distinct odor of sickness and unwashed bodies surrounded them. "What are those poor wretches over there building?"
And he could see it on his face that Tony wasn't taking it seriously, that Tony was going to say something placating and just go back to being sad as if Péter wouldn't notice and he narrowed his eyes at him and fisted his hands.
Tony lowered his fingers from his mouth. And though he was frowning sternly at the children there was something so bright and
“Don’t even joke about that,” he warned, snapping the journal closed. He took a step toward Tony, catching him by the collar and tugging him into the kiss he’d been aching for all night. Tony’s resistance if it was there at all was gone in a blink as he moaned and sank against him, his body fitting perfectly against Steve’s.
Charlotte beamed at him. He couldn’t blame her. Who wouldn’t be beside themselves being invited to dine at the prince’s table. Steve wasn’t all that fond of talking about the way, especially at the demand of curious noblemen who knew much of sending troops and little of battle, but he couldn’t risk offending the man.
“Da!” the little boy cried, barreling into him. Steve braced himself against the door frame, knees shaking as he clutched his son to him. A second later Ian was shoving himself under Steve’s arm and there were other bodies pressing close. He could hardly stomach the emotion rushing over him. Felt dizzy and disoriented as he desperately tried to count heads. One. Three. Five… The relief hit him like a train, his eyes stinging viciously when he counted six.
"The night of the riots..." Péter's hesitant voice pulled Tony's attention back. I was in Czechoslovakia, on my way back. I'd given Cameron and Daniel the rest of the money, cause I figured they'd need it more. I hadn't eaten since I left Poland. This farmer and his wife were nice enough to give me dinner and a place to sleep. But the Germans in the town, they act like they own everything now. They were always trying to impress the soldiers and prove how German they really are, even if nobody in their family had actually lived in Germany for generations."
“I’ll say.” Bakhuizen grumbled, not altogether helpfully. “Boy must have lost his mind. Our fathers would have knocked our teeth out for cussing at them.”
Steve grabbed his shoulders and held him down to keep him from getting up further out of the chair, and running away, because that’s what Tony did. He never stopped moving, and when he was upset with you he just moved all the faster.
"I need a sharp shot out there. My good arm is bumb so I'm better driving." Bucky wiggled his injured limb just the slightest bit for emphasis and Tony frowned, unsure if Bucky was being completely honest about that.
He’d picked it up to discover what looked to be rather impressive mathematical equations involving his son and a mouse. He’d caught himself wondering for a brief moment if Stark had made it all up or if he really had measured the number of centimeters on average that Artur preferred to hold the thing from the ground.
NARRATOR: Breaking news this morning, all the way from Berlin. For weeks Abwehr intelligence has been investigating the crimes of Stefen Rogers, formerly a major in his excellency's army, once hailed as the ‘Lion of Austria’, and now popularly known as public enemy number one. Of the many shocking crimes for which he stands accused, most severe and surprising to all good German's is his treasonous involvement in an attempt to assassinate the Führer.  He is set to be executed on the first of the month in the city of Berlin. The execution will be public, and the Führer himself will officiate the proceedings...
But Charlotte was cut off by Artur’s sudden gasp. He was staring at her like she’d put her head on backwards. And it was only the utter devastation on his face that helped her realize, too late, that he’d taken for granted Stefen’s time with them, these long weeks on tour, the family following behind him. In Artur’s mind Stefen had been back to stay for good, the family never to be separated again.
“Signor Stark, come in. He’s waiting for you.” The strangers lips twisted in a smirk as he stepped back, waving Tony inside.
“The lion of Austria.” Vonkov filled in eagerly, his beady eyes traveling up and down Steve’s body as if he wanted to strip him and go over every last inch of him with a magnifying glass.
Steve’s hand tightened on the receiver; Bucky’s low voice was slightly tiny in his ear, but he could still hear every note of regret that weighed it down. He knew that he should be angry on some level, but he couldn’t manage anything more than a tired sense of relief. It was a relief in its own way, not to have to pretend, at least with one more person. It was a relief, after the risk he’d taken giving Tony his mother’s coins and the way he and Bucky had fought, to have Bucky back in his corner. Neither of them was perfect and the road was hard, but he didn’t want to walk it without Bucky. He knew Bucky felt the same.
Looking around now, the only thing of personal value Bucky had clapped eyes on was the line of photos of the children. All of them formal, their mother nowhere in sight.
Bucky finished, and on the floor near his feet Maria sniffed back tears. Smiling softly Bucky leaned down and pulled her into his lap, not surprised when Artur scrambled up after her to squeeze into the space next to him.
The woman put her hands on her hips, “now, that Lilah looks like a silly fool after a husband I think it’s safe enough to stay for a few moments more. Don’t just stand around, let’s get the table set.” She snapped at the hungry eyed men collected around her pot, as if she were the officer in charge. She gestured for the canvass bag near Bucky’s feet and he stooped to hand it to her, sending a charming smile and a wink in her daughter’s direction.
“Oh To- I mean, Herr Stark, says he doesn’t mind watching children Frau Richter. He says that monks are especially good at capturing minds when they’re young.” Péter offered, cheeks turning pink again when Susann laughed, gaily.
It wouldn’t be enough, he knew that deep down, but it would be something. Tony Coulson with his gaze to try and disagree. If there was one thing he believed he knew about Coulson it was that he wouldn’t give them away, even under torture. Not if he believed they’d live on to be of use to Farkas and whoever else was part of the wider conspiracy to overthrow the Reich.
He sat there, breathing, but he only dropped his hands when enough time had passed that he was sure the mania would not return.
“You’re not master of anything, least of all this house.” Tony snapped in reply; his jaw clenched painfully. It was everything he could do not to jump up and stab the smug little cretin with his spoon. “I’d say you were too dumb to know it, only that jug in your hand speaks volumes.”
Dvorak's own stomach gave a small empathetic lurch at the sound of retching and he clamped his hands behind his back, gritting his teeth as he waited patiently for the episode to end.
“It is more secure than a phone line. We can’t exactly expect to make international calls without drawing attention to ourselves. The post is the best option, but I agree, we can’t afford to expose ourselves if our correspondence were to come under suspicion.”
“Yes, it won’t be good for the children to stay.” Natacha agreed calmly, looking the maid steadily in the eye as she spoke. “Make sure you pack Sara’s bear, and Maria won’t sleep in a new house unless she’s with Artur. You’ll tell Julia to send word with them wherever they’re going?”
Artur let his hand drop for a moment to answer again and then the tiny object was back into his mouth as if to stop any more words from coming out.
They didn’t know about the mother that had taught Natacha to dance, or the grandfather who had made him and his brother of choice their first instruments (didn’t see him cut the music away from himself or care about the obvious scars left behind) and they didn’t know about the uncles – these faceless men he mentioned in the glaring absence of a father – and therefore could never fathom that the loss he carried around with him might be bigger than the death of his wife.
Kirk nodded minutely, a shark toothed grin splitting his lips as he slowly shook his head. “I’ll need to clear it with my first mate, either he’s in the loop or no deal. And I’ll need the money up front. I know better than to get gypped.”
“I’ve been thinking... We can’t just sit here. We- ” Péter halted mid-sentence, finally taking in Tony’s bare arms and disheveled appearance. He’d stripped down to his under shirt, which was now stained heavily with sweat and oil, and his trousers were a lost cause.  The boy’s eyes widened as he took Tony in and widened further as they began to take in the rest of the workshop, finally landing on the boat sitting partway assembled in the middle of the room.
Tony moved forward as if to comfort him, his eyes full of concern but Ian couldn't take them. He took a deep gulping breath but it just burned in his throat and didn't stop the sensation of boiling water under his skin.
“Give it to me.” she gestured at the shotgun and Steve looked down at it, almost shocked he hadn’t dropped it his hands were shaking so bad. She wanted it, but he couldn’t give it to her.
After everything else they went through yesterday, why would Tony want to be kept awake by a low sweating, sniveling, coward clutching onto him like a security blanket?
Tony didn’t say anything more but his eyes said it all. Bucky had been wrong, Steve thought with wild elation. Tony really was with him. At least he wanted to be.
Tony clapped his hands and waved for the children to join him at the piano. He was touched by their show of eagerness, Maria all but tripping over herself to be the first one to reach his side. Natacha followed behind the others her steps measured and face still unreadable.
“All I am asking is that you give me a chance to find another way. One where we’re all together and you and I can choose how we make our stand. Please.”
Stefen’s eyes met his, questioning and Tony met his stare, amending, “We’ll look out for each other.”
“What is this?” he asked in awe as he flipped through the pages, eyes widening as he took in Tony’s work.
The garden was falling into disarray. Even buried under snow Natacha could see the places where branches overreached, and bushes burst out of the carefully plotted order Sam had placed them in. She did not long for a summer day, or to hear the scraping of a trowels and the sound of her mother bantering with the gardeners. It was better to take things the way they really were, than to lose oneself in ideals.
“Who’s Yonas?” Clint asked even as Leshnerr demanded lowly through his gritted teeth to know what the hell Bruce thought he was doing.
Steve pulled himself up like a puppet being lifted on its strings, thoughts now to cleaning up the mess he’d made.
“Captain. Herr Bakhuizen.” Tony nodded to them both though they’d gone silent at the first sight of him. Stefen was watching him intently as if trying to gauge how much he’d overheard before he’d made his presence known. To Tony’s surprise it was the seemingly ever peevish Bakhuizen who stopped Tony as he made to pass their table and gestured for him to take the empty seat.
“You seek the ruin of a venerated officer, and for that you need evidence!” Steven’s silenced him with a snap, slapping a hand hard on the desk and rattling the inkwell on the corner. Hammer jumped and went mercifully silent.
"Ah Stefen. I was just about to explain to Herr Stark how it is expected in every German household to…”
, shhh. It’s alright.” Tony franticly soothed, ignoring the tremor in his voice and the sting of tears in his own eyes as he pulled James tight to his chest. “You’re alright now.”
The first one missed the target shattering the glass in the door instead. Schmidt barely flinched, turning his pistol on Dvorak and returning fire with a steady arm, eyes alight with a cold sort of hatred.  And then, one side of his skull suddenly burst outward in a brilliant red spray of blood.
He knew that haunted look in the eye that said a body had seen the worst that the world had to offer.
Tony scoffed at him but didn’t say anything further. If he was going to learn to keep his mouth shut he supposed there was no time to practice like the present.
"I imagine you're right." She sighed, looking away after a long moment with a grimace of discomfort. "Still, I wish it wouldn't come to that."
Upon reinterring the ballroom, Tony was gratified to see that the others had found Bucky and collected together on the stage. He was surprised to find Stefen there amongst them, trying desperately not to look awkward and failing miserably.
When asked to dress for their outing she’d primly informed him that curtains were beneath a proper young woman, especially a future leader in the League of German Girls and Tony had been forced to inform her in reply that she hadn’t been accepted into the BDM yet, and he frankly he wouldn’t give a damn if she were. She could either wear them with grace or stay behind.
After another long moment he grunted; lips tight around another edict, "You can’t let them out of your sight, Stark.”
Steve’s mouth twitched, brow arching as if to ask why he had to be so dramatic and Bucky couldn’t help a huff of amusement.
She'd insisted, and the count had whirled on her, at the end of his rope, the light of desperation in his eyes as he'd barked at her,
But just in case, he stooped down to have a look under the furniture, searching for false bottoms, and even took up the couch cushions searching for rips and tears where things might have been stuffed.
“Upstairs. The girl wasn’t feeling well.” Grig answered and Steve pried Ian’s grip loose, running toward the stairs. He vaulted them two at a time until he’d reached the top, calling out before he’d even reached the door.
Steve wondered briefly on the state of his hair before he realized what it had to mean. He just barely resisted the urge to roll his eyes heavenward. The telegram, Osborne, how could he have forgotten?
“Keep them off of the lake.” Steve warned, frowning at the thought. “It should be frozen this time of year but weak spots can form.”
He could see the calculation on his face, the barely suppressed greed as Göring asked, “My god, you aren’t Hughard Stark’s son are you? I didn’t-”
His Nonna’s letter lay opened and well read on the side table. Tony had read it and reread it till it burned the back of his retinas.
Fear jolting through him, Steve wrenched his body up, dislodging poor Patroche in the process. The goat bleated in distress, but Steve couldn’t spare him a glance because the voices were getting closer. He staggered, tripping over his blanket and cursed, just barely catching himself on the side of the pen. No time to run he realized almost too late. Cover, he had to find cover. Thinking franticly, he dropped down, squeezing his body into the corner of the pen and yanked the blanket over himself like a child.
Pepper, helping Artur to cut his food, watched him, her eyes following Tony about the room. Still sensing James’ glare on his back Tony winked at her and cleared his throat.
Though it was a purely medical touch, the sudden movement still drew the eyes of several other patrons.
The two held each other’s stare for a long moment and Tony shivered, reminded keenly of his own boyhood. The responsibilities Hughard had held over Tony like weights. Weights that Hughard had slung there seemingly just to have the satisfaction of watching Tony fall beneath their load.
“You’ve always left it to Pepper and me to put the children to bed.” Tony pointed out as he sank to his knees in front of Stefen and began unlacing his boots.
Tony was not a father, but in that moment, he felt the heart of one cracking within his chest like bread as he leaned down to press his lips against the cool skin of her brow and uttered the first deliberate lie that he’d ever told her.
"Telling Harry we were leaving was really stupid Péter," she announced just when he’d relaxed. Péter clenched up, but unexpectedly she spoke again before he could. "But it wasn’t as stupid as nearly killing your own father."
"Why is it so cold? Stefen grunted after a time and Tony shrugged, continuing his lazy stroking of the skin of Stefen's back.
“Which is why I need you to reach Falsworth. I'm in no position to be passing out leaflets.” And if he were honest he wouldn't if he could. Austria could not rely on the O5 alone. They needed a plan of attack. Civil unrest wouldn’t be enough anymore. “If we, if I do this, I do this all the way. There is no middle ground, you know that.”
"Children, there's something else I'd like to discuss with you," he announced as spoons had begun to clink at the bottoms of most of their bowls. He noted with a frown that Tony's was still mostly full, and Natacha had hardly touched hers. Resolving to address it later, as the table looked up at him expectantly Steve caught Charlotte's eye, and though he was unsurprised to find that she looked braced for bad news he felt a familiar stab of guilt for all that he'd put her through.
A sob tore out of Steve’s throat. He gripped her shoulders in a white knuckled grip and hauled her into his arms. He couldn’t tell if it was him shaking so hard or her shaking against him. Her arms wrapped around him and held tight.
The room Tony knew was normally tidy even though it was inhibited by the three youngest boys. However, Ian sat in the middle of what looked like a bomb site. Everything clothes, books, toy figurines, even the bed sheets, were thrown about. If the dresser could have been dislodged Tony was sure it would have been across the room in smithereens.
It drove the air out of his lungs, and he gasped like a fish. Still he tried to rear up again only to have his fist caught and pinned above his head. Schmidt’s laughter filled his head. His hands gripped Steve’s face broke his bones and ripped at his hair. Steve fought. He twisted and kicked and screamed, his throat ripping raw around the sound, but the man above him was immovable.
Although it had been for Artur’s birthday it had really been a gift for them all. The children worked well together when given challenges and responded enthusiastically to the idea that with each new thing mastered, they were somehow that much older and that much more able to do for themselves. They still missed things from their old life, but being busy, and especially being outdoors, gave their new life a sense of adventure. They were already planning putting together a lap loom for Natacha’s birthday at the end of the month.
Franz bolted toward the door and a scream tore from Steve's throat, panic blinding him as he stumbled frantically after him. But he was weak and slow, and it was Magda again who stopped Franz. She slammed into his back, grabbing him around the shoulders and pulled him back with all her might. They tussled, staggering and thrashing back and forth as Franz continued to inch his way toward the door of the barn.
It took some effort to convince Artur that hitting notes was less about shouting progressively louder and more about pitching his voice, but Tony was pleased by the time they’d packed up their picnic and begun the reverse journey home to have pushed prodded and groomed all seven children into performing a startlingly professional sounding round.
The captain was gone for over a week. The house was uncommonly subdued in his absence, the shock of the police visit and his sudden departure in the middle of the night along with Wanda and Pietro unsettling the children.
Below is the actual home of the Von Trapp family. It was taken over an occupied by Himmler, the leader of the SS during the war. Apparently there are still some barracks left on the property. Where size is concerned we've aimed for something closer to the actual Von Trapp house, though neither of us are very good at drawing house plans so you'll just have to use your imaginations from there.
“How's he doing?” Tony asked, leaning on the door frame. His dark eyes settled on Steve, all the intense and worried.
Stark tilted his head, brown eyes glittering again with what Steve was coming to term mischief, considering thoughtfully as if he had a choice in the matter. He liked to pretend he had choices. It was something Steve was learning about the man.
"I was thinking." He mused allowed, turning toward the window again. "They don't know this area the way we know it. We can cross the lake on foot, go into the woods and up into the mountains. Like when we went camping. They won't be able to follow us with their trucks."
Tony would call himself a practical man. One with his priorities in good order. Sometimes. Not now. Definitely not now.
It was a funny thought to have in retrospect, because Tony had no idea as he sat on the terrace on a beautiful day watching his charges at play, just how little time they actually had. For at that moment Pepper came hurrying through the doors, her steps furtive but quick, and there was such an expression of gravity on her face that Tony felt his heart sink rapidly to his knees.
“Péter!” the boy, the one Natacha had called Johann, hailed with a hearty wave. “Your father finally let you out of bed? Come join us! We’re cleaning the streets. That is if this old dog can still get back up.”
True to form, Tony snagged the back of his collar to prevent him running off and when James turned around, he was standing there sticking a spoonful of smelly syrup under James nose. He wrinkled it and made a face but opened his mouth obediently and let Tony pop the spoon inside. Yuck. It was bitter and sticky and horrible, but James did not want his cough to come back and miss out on finishing the sled, so he forced it down.
“Am I wrong about you Herr Stark?” the agent asked. A spider content to watch a fly struggle in its web. Tony, his racing heart calming as the inevitable way forward made itself clear, slowly shook his head. He’d never build for the Nazis, but he needed more time. He couldn’t do anything for Stefen or the children if he was locked up in a prison camp getting his brains jolted by some hack doctor.
“Do you think they’ll send us to a farm like Anna’s?” Ian asked from the rug in front of the fire where he and Péter were sat playing a game of chess. “I wouldn’t mind that. Though, I think Artur will be jealous when we tell him.”
The pressure against his lips was hot, the demanding push of Stefen’s tongue against them even hotter. Stefen’s hand had dragged up the side of his hip and slipped under his vest to yank impatiently at his shirt and Tony had the frantic thought that they should maneuver closer to the couch when Stefen’s slick tongue thrust boldly inside his mouth and scattered his thoughts.
“But he’s their best soldier!” he insisted, and Natacha looked like she wanted to roll her eyes at him. She settled for pinching him where no one would see and he squirmed in her grasp.
“I have to go,” Péter told them in a regretful rush, turning toward the line for his train once more, but before he could leave the girl’s father had clasped him by the elbow speaking to him in a hush and hurried jumble of German and the language they’d been taught in the HJ was for the Jews.
“Just Péter?” he asked, his mouth tilting in a small private smile as Tony struggled to hide how anxious he was. It was fascinating to watch the emotions move across his face, to recognize the moment when he rallied his defenses and came back with as good as he was getting.
“Ah see, didn’t I tell you girls the boys would be along to protect us? Boys? Didn’t anyone teach you it’s rude to keep a lady waiting?”
But venturing outdoors was a risk. Warmer weather would make it easier for search parties. There would be more hikers and hunters about. There were two people already aware of their presence in the area. Yet access to food and other natural resources was essential to their continued survival.
"Maybe. But you're not too old to do what you want." He insisted. "The things in your journal, you could still do them someday."
Steve would have thought he was easily the most imposing person in the room (which was quite the feat when said room was stuffed full of seasoned generals, SS officers, and political giants) if he weren't standing next to his wife.
were less inclined to the vanities of style and had practically grown puritan about it with Hitler in power.
"That's true.” Steve acknowledged in the same frustratingly dull tone. “That made it easier to feel better about it. I told myself we were saving ourselves, and that Bucky went along with it because he believed. But deep down I always knew the truth.”
There might be an infinite number of reasons Schmidt could wish to move him. The two most important were, one: either Schmidt had caught some whiff of their plans and was looking to deter them because he had no real proof. Or two: it was just another power play, fielded by Schmidt's disgust of him to remind him who had the control here.
They were allowed to take nothing with them or put any of their affairs in order. Understand. In a single night, their lives as they knew them were over.
“I would rather have had your Chanukah Grig, than a hundred mansions on a hill!” Tony spat, getting up from the bench and striding off in a huff of fury. He couldn’t sit there a moment longer, being angry and feeling guilty for being angry, not another moment.
He’d forgotten the sheer heat two bodies could make. He twisted slowly, dragging a hand over his stomach, reaching for the body pressed so closed to his. Warmth seeped over him as he pulled the sheets away from tan skin, marveling at the flesh laid out before him like an offering. Steve turned into his side, burring his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, inhaling the warm scent of sleep that still clung to him.
“Come with me.” He grabbed Tony’s hand and lead him through the crowd in the square, his eyes fixed on those arches. Though most of the celebrations were back in the square, the lights in the windows lit their way, and the sound of music followed their steps in the snow as they approached the ruins. Some had come to the old Roman theater to gather, sheltered some from the wind under its great stone columns. The little pockets of light from the candles they held bathed their faces in light. It made the shadows dance long upon the stone arches, and that was perfect for what Steve had in mind.
“I will have an audience with him, to hear firsthand how he and the brothers from Engelzell have been treated here.”
Baroness Schrader tilted her head, the amusement gone from her expression as she softly replied, “I’m afraid I don’t know what you mean Herr Stark. Stefen did ask me to handle putting the party together.”
“And why not Captain?” Schmidt asked with a disapproving tsk of his tongue. “Surely you do not object for their health? After so long being ill surely you are eager to celebrate their good fortunes, just as I am sure they are eager to return and serve the public.”
How…? Stefen wondered, standing, staring as the sounds and sights of violence washed over him. How could they do this to their city?
“Artur- ” Steve began, six levels of exhaustion in the boy’s name. But Artur didn’t just look like his father, he had a stubborn streak to match.
She prayed for him, and though Tony would never be a believer, it was the closest to grace that he’d ever felt.
“But I wasn’t invited captain. Won’t your hosts object?” Tony’s sluggish brain tried to remember all of the perfectly pressing reasons for Tony to decline what was a thoughtful but still ludicrous invitation.
“Harry's going to stay in Salzburg instead of going to the school in Vienna,” Péter continued on when the silence dragged too long and Steve arched his brow in surprise. “Frau Osborn is very worried about the amount of laborers they've had to replace. She wants Harry to come and work the business instead of spending so much time in the HJ. She doesn't want him to be a soldier.”
It went suddenly and starkly silent as Artur blinked up at him – stricken as if Tony had slapped him instead of merely shouted – shoulders hitching with aborted sobs.
There was a clattering at the door that drew everyone’s eye, and it was silent as the door swung open and the captain returned with Cameron at his side.
He buried his face in his hands. Between Striker and Schmidt he did not know which way to turn these days. Risk to his life was something he'd come to expect, almost didn't quite know how to live without if he was honest, but recently the target had shifted. Now it was pointed at him through his children.
"And how did he end up working for you?" Tony asked as nonchalantly as he could, careful to keep any accusation out of his tone. Stefen winced anyway, his shoulder’s stiffening, but he still answered and for that Tony was grateful.
But Bruce had smiled that little half smile he only ever seemed to bestow at Tony and quietly sang on, and Tony had lost himself in the sound of his voice and the stillness of the abbey at night.
In truth Tony probably felt fine besides the lack of sleep, but waking him up to eat breakfast with the children wasn’t going to fix that particular problem.
“He’s actually not wrong,” Stark announced unexpectedly and Bucky stared at him. Stark went on with a wave of his hand. “About the Divas and their
“You could have told me I was keeping you up.” Steve answered, blinking away the fuzziness the sudden change in his surroundings had left behind. “I would have found somewhere else to sleep.”
Good lord. Tony snorted quietly under his breath as he rooted around in his bags for his spare set of clothes.
“I have some news, though whether it will be helpful to you or not, time will tell.”Grig spoke again after some time and Tony turned his head to him quickly, unable to help the rise of apprehension tinged with hope in his chest.  Tony called for Stefen’s attention, having to wave and raise his voice before it seemed to register with the captain. Between Bucky’s loss, and having to part from the youngest children, Stefen had become depressed and withdrawn. He’d closed everyone out, and Tony’s only plan was to keep on offering comfort and hope that time healed some of Stefen’s heartache enough to allow him to let them back in.
Hammer hadn’t reported to work since the day of the party. It could be he hadn’t felt safe on the road, or it could be the beginning of their end.
One after the other Steve lifted the children up into Tony's waiting arms. Ian was the last, refusing to go until he’d watched his older sister clamber through the opening.
That done, and not one to mince words, Steve turned to Lt. Becker and commanded, "Take your squad and move out."
“Those X-men?” Bakhuizen asked, craning his neck to read the headline upside down. He was referring to the group of revolutionaries who went around defacing public property and leaving anti-nazi news leaflets for public consumption, full of scandalous rumors about government practices and urging public resistance.  No one knew who they were or how large the group was but their signature red X painted over buildings and signs had been spotted in cities large and small from here to Vienna.
At the sound of the curse Maria gasped in shock behind Natacha, leaning around her sister to stare at Tony with wide eyes.
Eventually Natacha took charge of Maria and Artur’s hands in an attempt to keep the group moving forward while Ian tried in vain to keep a rein on James, who was refusing on principle to be within ten feet of his brother. They made quite a scene with Ian scooting past people, apologizing as he chased his brother who had no such misgivings about knocking into passerby rushing from one window to the next.
He found himself gripping Tony’s arms for support, his fingers no doubt digging painfully into his skin but Tony kept his hold on Steve steady, making no attempt to free himself.
“James!” Tony barked. The boy turned a sour look towards him but thankfully quieted so that Tony could begin giving his instructions.
Tony watched nervously as James sloshed through the water and it wasn’t long before he was neck deep and struggling like a puppy. A drowning one.
“Major?!” Striker was shouting, risen to his feet now as he stared at Steve aghast. He had dropped his glass Steve realized only as the liquor seeped out over the floor, inching its way through ice chips and glass shards towards his boots.
Bucky lingered in the door for a moment, his face pinched as he watched Tony rummage around in the dark, tripping over small bodies all the while – it was going to be a cramped winter indeed - until he found the candles and a matchbook tucked into a kitchen drawer. It took several tries, fingers stiff and shaking, but he managed to light the damn thing. He tried for a smirk but it felt stiff on his face and probably looked so damn far from it.
“My God, are you alright Miss?” the young man gaped, pushing past Tony as the trio hurried down the stairs to reach her twisted groaning form.
Without looking away from the rifle Tony pawed at Stef’s arm until he dropped the apple into his outstretched hand. He took a large bite, juggling the rifle and apple as he did. A bit of juice ran down his chin and he dropped the apple back into Stefen’s lap, licking the residue from his lips and whiping his hand on his trousers.
“That’s not...you know that's not how it works.” Ian started to say, but James crossed his arms and stomped his foot angrily and shouted over him.
"Makes sense," Bucky shrugged. "It's not like they haven't pulled this shit before. Phillips had you running around kissing babies after the war to convince their parents to put in with the Social Democrats. Fat lot of good it did."
“Peggy always made it so bright that I guess it was easier to forget the pain of exile.” He explained, speaking slowly as if he was still thinking through the words as he said them. “When we were kids, Bucky and I used to look forward to Christmas all year. It was the only day of the year we knew for sure we wouldn’t go to bed hungry.”
Eventually the soldier had disappeared back inside and thirty minutes or so after, Tony had seen the armored truck he and his companions had arrived in disappearing through the hills down the wide curving road.  He'd stayed put until Bruce had come to fetch him just to be sure it was truly safe.
“Then don’t fight me. I told you I would make my own choices,” Tony reminded him, gentling his tone to something more soothing, more persuasive as he found himself imploring once more. “I’m going to do everything in my power to protect you and the children. That’s just the way it is. It seems to me since our goals are so well matched, you’d be better served letting me help instead of trying to argue.”
Bucky pulled the trigger and the left window of the car lit up red with the spray of blood, the lonely road going silent under the echo still reverberating in his ears from the shot.
Richly decorated in muted gold trimmings and rich brown wood, the room belonged in a painting, a sentiment only encouraged by the enticing rays of light filtering through the large windows.
“Whatever he wants Holmes. I’m not going to send my men into battle just to be slaughtered.” Pike warned, glaring at the official but Holmes was just looking at Tony. Considering him.
“Where are we going?” Natacha, who had been leaning over the side of the carriage to watch the swift steps of the horse turned to ask as they neared their destination, her blue eyes sparkling with excitement.
Captain Rogers knew someone who’d been arrested? Tony’s heart pounded as his mind whirled, examining the new information and trying to make it fit with the rest of the puzzle. The mystery was thick around the man indeed, but not impenetrable for someone of Tony’s intelligence. The clues were all there, he just had to find the piece that would bring them all together. Stefen was afraid (they had everything to fear).
He shivered despite the warm clothes he wore and clenched his teeth together, shutting his eyes, frozen and unable to move. Shutting out the big velvet sky and anything that wasn’t the next breath he managed to suck into his lungs.
“Stark. Good.” Stefen began awkwardly, a hesitance between each word as if he was unsure of them. Tony fought a smile. “I rang earlier but Virginia said you were out with the children.”
Many of the old and infirm died due to the rough conditions of transport. Others were shot attempting to escape their fate. The death count is unknowable and Germany unconcerned with counting. The Reich has tasked cleanup crews of impoverished German Jews to clear out empty homes and dispose of bodies.
“Well, to be frank Captain…” Coulson paused for what seemed like an unnecessarily dramatic amount of time and Steve grit his teeth.
[laughing] It was too whimsical for Natacha. Even when we were children she could never stand things that were whimsical.
Charlotte nodded to the other woman with a serenely fixed smile on her face. “You sang quite a lovely set Frauline, I can see why James patrons you.”
“Major I don’t think I need to remind you of the importance of this package. I’m hesitant to trust it into the hands of an untrained operative as it is. I’m afraid I must know what his stakes are in all of this.”
Truths that did not dissipate just because you hit something hard enough. Steve needed Tony. He’d always need Tony.
It was around that time that Tony let his wrench drop to the floor of the garage with a discordant clang and pushed himself out from under the car with a muttered curse.
"Wanda." Peitro laid a consoling hand on her shoulder once more. "What have I told you? We've escaped the Nazis. Soon father will join us and then - "
He almost didn’t question how she’d known what he and Stefen were up to. Their little Ginger could see through walls and hear a pin drop in the neighbor’s house. Stevie’s ma had been like that too. Sara had always seemed to know when one of the aunts was going to knock on the door of her wagon asking for a juice or a cream to deal with the latest scar or stomach ache, and she’d always known what plants did what and what spells to cast to deal with it.
In any case, Steve had ended up agreeing to take a look at something he and Harold had been working on in the garage after supper.
“Thank you,” Steve wished he was more than just pieces, more than just raw emotions and jagged edges, so that he could show her the depths of just how thankful he was, but he didn’t have that within him. The only thing he could give her now was to leave as quickly as possible. “I’m better off on foot.”
"For you Pep, anything, but don't tell Hammer you had the monk answering the door or he's liable to have kittens."
Slowly, with trembling hands, Ian pulled down his pants. The cool air pebbled his skin, but it was Dagmar’s eyes roving over his genitals that made him shudder.
“Stefen and I intended this to be a small gathering for the neighbors and Péter’s closest friends, not another parade for the Nazis!”
Then it had been filled with the ordinary things. Pictures of the children, bobbles Peggy had picked up over the years, Steve's sketches. Possessions that spoke of two people in love in one space.
Stefen was clearly saying something to the boy, whose shoulders were hunching up nearly to his ears, his face turning red.
Why, in the right light he and Bakhuizen looked like a pair of gypsies. Lucky for Stefen he was hardly ever in the right light for it and that golden hair of his was all the credit he needed and besides Tony had never seen a gypsy without a caravan. It simply did not happen.
“I just… I saw how it was for the workers at the yard, for my grandparents and people like Rhodey. It was so different in Italy, and I guess I thought that if Pola became part of Italy again things would be better. Naïve right? If not for Hughard I’d be just another dead stupid boy, so I can’t be too angry I guess.”
It wasn't dirt covering his clothes and hands Tony realized, his heart sinking into his stomach and starting to burn. It was ash.
"Of course, we must all leave Dr. Fischer to his work. Julia will you see that cook has some refreshments prepared?"
Charlotte had thanked him graciously. Steve had settled for keeping his face as blank as possible. He hadn't needed the predatory look in the man’s eyes to know for certain that receiving the Führer’s favor was akin to a sharp blade pressing against his throat.
For a time he just let the notes flow from him, allowing the soothing sound of music to carry him out of the dark and back to places far from the cold and dark of St. Péter’s Abbey. He was a boy again at home in Pola, standing on the shore with the crystal sea stretching out before him, the sticky sweet marmalade from a hastily gobbled
“Damn. But why didn’t they knock – ” Stefen’s look told plenty of tales and Tony winced. “They did didn’t they? I’m sorry. It’s hard to hear with the machine’s going.”
Tony didn't know if Stefen could live with he did. Tony didn’t know if he could live with himself, falling in love with someone who could do that. Raising his children in comfort. Eating at his table. Sleeping in his bed.
Tony watched as the captain paused like a deer caught in the lights of a moving car, and waited to hear what he would say.
But that was over now. Where the other governesses would never have dreamed to challenge his chosen curriculum and had seemed only too happy to declare Stefen's children stubborn little monsters unlikely to amount to much of anything, Tony had his five-year-old reading in French and his fourteen-year-old building a transmitter radio.
Bucky stared, his brain still processing them, the words, and all of their meaning as Stark’s music kicked up again. He blinked as he continued to stare at the little yellow box in Stefen’s hand.
"I can't pretend to know what this means to you both...” Tony began slowly, trying to keep the bitterness out. He could do this for Steve. It would be selfish not to. “But I know what
Steve was aware on some distant level that his behavior was erratic. Downright insane if he took Bucky’s word for it. But he hadn't lied when he'd told Charlotte that he didn't care. He didn’t. Couldn’t. Because none of it mattered anymore. Not if he was just going to lose everything anyway.
But if Bucky knew anything it was that music was a hard thing to get rid of. It was too much a part of people. Even the dourest of Nazi supporters had a tune or a chant that brought sweet memories, and privately Bucky thought that as long as that was so maybe there was still hope for this world yet.
“You're such a stubborn baby, ask for help when you need it.” Her hand stilled under his jaw and she frowned at him.
"Shh. Shhh now. It'll be alright. Stay with Tony. Do exactly as he says. All of you." Stefen looked up and over his shoulder to where Péter and the others had collected in a huddle. Péter had his arms wrapped around James and Ian who were both leaning on him as if the earth had buckled beneath their feet. Natacha held the younger girls as they cried, her eyes horribly blank as she watched her father deposit her crying brother into Tony's arms.
Only, he’d have to leave the children and stubborn lot that they were he’d likely miss them. And god knew they needed someone to help alleviate the demands on their shoulders. Little Sara barely reached the table.
“I wouldn’t know what to do with them. They’re only kids. It’s what to do when they’re adults. Do you think-”
Steve paused, unsure how to answer this one, but decided to keep things simple. It was still a dangerous gamble to tell them too much, something they might repeat in their innocence and bring the wrath of the Nazis down on them before they could make their escape.
and domestic.” Holmes continued with a poignant influence over the word foreign. “You will be dropped into Norway two hundred miles outside of Oslo, where your objective will be to go to ground, unannounced and undetected, until either the German threat to the royal family has been neutralized or it becomes necessary to extract the royal family and bring them to asylum. Whichever comes first.”
“Time to go I think.” Clint murmured lowly and Tony couldn’t agree more. Bruce and Dr. Leshnerr already had Lucas propped up between them, the large man still not quite able to support all his own weight but doing his best. The small group made their way as quickly and unobtrusively toward the doors as possible, counting on the distraction of the new patients pouring in.
It wasn’t ideal that the group had to spend the night at the train station but there weren’t any other lodging options for penniless refugees and Steve supposed it was a kindness that they were even allowed. The children tried their best to sleep, but Steve kept his eyes open and his ears straining for danger.
Maybe he’d projected too much of himself on the boy, or perhaps too much of Stefen, but Tony kept seeing the bruises on his knuckles in his mind’s eye. He didn’t think so. Backed into a corner he knew what Péter would do.
Steve trailed off as Maria drew in an excited breath, eyes going round as dinner plates. He could see her trembling against Tony’s side, pent to burst with excitement and Tony gave him a ‘now you’ve done it’ look.
“I’ll dismiss the staff for the rest of the night,” Stefen announced after a long moment and Tony nodded numbly in relief, the tightness in his chest loosening just enough to hint at beginning to feel normal again.
Stay in your homes. Lock your doors. Pray the Jewish vermin were removed as quickly and as peaceably as possible.
“Captain!” Hammer cried in shock, blood draining from his face. Charlotte’s hands flew to her mouth but she said nothing. Tony hardly dared to breath or to move, his heart drumming loudly in his ears.
Most of the staff hadn’t come into work that morning and what staff had come would have found it nearly impossible to keep the house running normally even if Steve had enough mind to make them try. Hammer was one of the ones who hadn’t shown up. Steve tried hard not to wonder if he’d been in the mob or hiding from it. It was just as well. Steve wasn’t sure he could survive trying to keep an eye on his children, Tony, Charlotte, The Hogans and Hammer all in one night.
"Can I ask you something? Though, you'll probably think it's impertinent." He asked before he could stop himself and the curiosity in her eyes only deepened. She didn't reply, but she didn't look away either and Deiter felt sweat beading around his collar.
“That is impossible. It has to be rigged.” He glowered at the operator who was laughing heartily and he turned a sour look on Steve and the children who weren’t bothering to suppress their laughter either.
The woman sucked in a breath, clutching her robe to her frame and looked past Steve into disarray of the room, Stark and the children staring back with wide eyes.
“Unless...” and then the final piece slid home. The puzzle solved. The solution laid before him in all of its galling simplicity.
Steve might have done it anyway, if not for the children. He couldn’t die that way when their futures were still not settled.
“What do you want it to be?” Stefen asked, eye’s lowering to Tony’s mouth for a heavy moment before they met his again, only the glint of something wicked in them betraying his dry tone.
"Ah, so it's a different kind of nerves. Well then we'll take two warm chocolates," Tony instructed the host who nodded quickly and began fixing the drinks. When frauline McCabe opened her mouth to protest he cut her off with a wink and an assurance, "there's nothing like warm coco for calming your nerves."
Tony waited until they were on their way to the Riviera the following day before he broached the subject of the children. Steve knew Tony, so he’d expected the monk to push back on his decision sooner or later, but he had hoped for later than this. Though the argument had ended at the gate, the fear that something might have happened to Natacha out of his sight clung to him like wet clothing. The itch of not knowing what had happened to her in the wood was maddening. Her mumbled warning that it would happen again, continued to prick at his skin until he wanted to strike something. The fact that there was nothing to strike made no difference. The effort it took to keep his body still and keep himself from lashing out took everything he had, until his arms trembled and there was a throbbing headache behind his eyes.
A ripple went through Tony’s glassy gaze and he looked back at Steve, quiet, eyes wide, terror rippling off him in waves. “I… I - we can’t go out there.”
Hammer was correct however. He couldn't think of a man, let alone an officer, that allowed their servants to eat at the table with them. Or hug the children.
He blew out more smoke and coughed into his hand. Right, well he’d had his wallow. There were things to be done.
“Yes, that’ll be all.”  Steve waved Hammer away distractedly, finishing the telegram and stopping Péter, who had half sprang out of his seat, with a look. “Just a moment Péter.”
Still, Tony was going to figure out eventually that Ian was taking too long and he might try and follow him. He had longer legs, and would cover more ground without a load to carry.
On his left between Natacha and Ian, James threw himself back against the pew huffily, with a great show of misery. Then again perhaps not, Tony thought with a wince. Pola had spoiled them all.
a girl, Péter thought privately. He’d never be stupid enough to say so to her out loud, but regardless of the tools at his disposal, it was a dangerous journey he wasn’t at all sure would go smoothly. He was thankful when he’d never thought he’d be that he had the pistol Bucky had given him and that his father had taught him to shoot it. He liked it better that she’d be here where it was safe. No matter how tough he knew she was.
Hammer looked as if he would combust at the sight of the grubby boy plopping himself into one of the houses plush chair, and greedily grabbing at the cakes Pepper brought for them. She seemed amused by it, bless her, but Tony still had to scold the boy to eat slowly. The last thing they needed was for him to choke.
The men in the medical ward begged for death. Maybe Steve did too, the moments he was still man enough to beg.
Stefen had said he’d never doubted that, and why would he? Ian was his best little soldier and soldiers didn’t get scared. The captain certainly never got scared where Ian could see.
Stefen opened his mouth to deliver some retort, no doubt equally snappish, but at that moment the telephone on the desk began to ring the shrill sound startling them both so that they whipped their heads around rather comically to stare at it.
They all wanted their moment after that and Steve was happy to give it to them, even if he found their chatter slightly overwhelming as he traded clumsy hugs and pressed even clumsier kisses on cheeks and foreheads but they were all so happy, so obviously blooming with it, that Steve couldn’t bring himself to care. This was right.
“They have every reason to be afraid!” Rogers shouted and Tony fell silent, taken back by the anguish twisting his features, the stark pain flashing in the blue of his eyes and Tony drew in a breath of sudden realization.
Bucky pulled her against his chest and ushered her through the servant’s door into the dining room and Natacha went, like a log carried down river.
“Natacha, didn’t you hear me calling you?” the boy in question appeared before her, Ingrid and Sophie parting like the red sea to make room for him and his cocky grin. He knew he was handsome, and loved that he could make the girls blush and twitter after him. Natacha wanted to tip him down the stairs. Only an idiot stood so close to the edge.
To hear the glassy eyed fool chatting up the secretary tell it, the entire block was having issues with the new system. He insisted that the old offices just weren’t built with indoor plumbing in mind, but Tony rather thought that it was a poor engineer who blamed the brick and mortar for his own inability to think around them.
“Well, Virginia's better at powder than I am. Good thing too. They got you good, Stevie.” There was a part of Steve that was glad to hear Bucky speak in his rough German, and another part that ached with loss. He shoved the feeling away because it had no practical purpose. They couldn’t go back and be boys again, even if it were safe to try.
No. But Steve clenched his teeth tight and forced himself not to move away. He quivered like a frightened child, but he didn’t move as she finally came within reach. He watched her, trembling, as she knelt before him, poking the tip of her knife into the lock on his manacle, digging around in the keyhole until something clicked faintly inside and the metal restraints popped open. She slid them away as if they were hot and she were afraid to touch them for too long. Steve sagged as they slid away from his wrists and fell into the dirt.
“That’s not fair,” James pouted looking crestfallen. The boy never wanted to be left behind. “How come she didn’t teach me?”
The reports on the radio were all grimmer than the last. All day they’d been telling people how necessary it was to deport the Jewish Immigrants who drained their economy and brought crime and corruption to their neighborhoods. Many of them were hostile to removal. People were dying, but the newsmen said that if soldiers took shots, it was for the safety of the public.
“Oh James, really. He’s a child.” Charlotte scolded him, but there was a glitter of amusement in her eye.
“Bucky has gone to get their travel papers.” Stefen answered after a long pause with a slight nod. “He is supposed to be back today. We’ll set out as soon as he arrives. Virginia, I’ll need those supplies.”
The Weasel blinked, his frown deepening. Tony righted himself, planting a hand on the door frame for support and thrusting out his out his hand in greeting.
Had Stansilov even looked for them? The answer was staring him in the face. Of course he hadn’t. Why would he? Why would he devote time and energy to finding Tony’s grandparents when they were nothing but a stain on the company image, when Stansilov had gotten everything he’d ever wanted with Hughard’s death and Tony out of the way?
Natacha froze, her gaze suddenly fixed on Stark. Péter too, had lifted his eyes from their steady fixation on his food.
"Don’t call me that!" Péter snapped immediately in reply, horror warring within him with shame and fury for supremacy. Fury came out on top. He wanted to hit something so badly. Pietro was bigger but Péter wasn't going to back down. Not this time and not ever. And he could see it in Pietro’s eyes, how he wanted to hit Péter too.
Steve sucked in a desperate breath but something was grabbing his chest, squeezing the air from him. His eyes were stinging as Bucky who had stopped beside him to watch as Tony directed the children in song gaped. Slowly his expression bled into a delighted smile, something fiercely proud in his voice as he murmured, “wow. Listen to
“Never!” Artur resisted with gleeful kicks and squirms and thankfully Bucky set him down before he dropped him and the other children crowded close eager for their turn at hugs and attention from their favorite uncle; all except for Natacha who Steve noticed hanging back from the others waiting patiently to be addressed, though he thought her eyes betrayed her eagerness.
Informing the head of the German Youth that his daughter was showing significant improvement, enough to allow her involvement in the BDM, had been sound strategy. Natacha was sharp and intelligent, smarter in some ways than even Péter, and Steve trusted her to know what to say and how she must behave to keep their family safe… but she was a child still, and he her father. Moving her about like a pawn in this deadly game left his gut twisting sickly. He couldn’t relax. What sort of a father was he, to do this to his child?
Pepper appeared at that moment with Julia in tow. The housekeeper had a small block of chipped ice wrapped in a clean rag and both women hurried over to press the bundle against the girl’s injury and fuss at her rumpled skirts. It wasn’t long before Pepper suggested that Julia help the girl up to her room, insisting that she needed rest after her ordeal. Natacha didn’t protest, rather she looked to her father and the two seemed to share some sort of silent exchange. Stefen silently placed a hand upon her cheek in a surprisingly tender gesture and a moment later Natacha was sliding off the lounge chair without so much as a word. Tony watched as she limped toward the door, leaning on Julia for assistance and didn’t speak until the pair had disappeared completely from view.
“I mean, has anyone ever said anything, done anything, that made you wonder if the two of you were the same?” the man asked but it didn’t make sense. Why wouldn’t he and Maria be the same? Was it because she was shy? Tony said that was okay. Maria didn’t need to talk to anyone she didn’t want to and she didn’t have to. Artur could talk for her!
Tony turned his head and rested his lips against the side of Stefen’s neck, the arm he had wrapped around Stefen’s chest tightening and drawing back so they were flush back to chest. Stefen breathed better when he was closer to upright and Tony breathed better when Stefen was breathing.
Eyes widening at the realization Péter nodded, snatching the abandoned wool vest from the floor to begin layering up for the outdoors. Silently Natacha went and fetched Tony’s pistol and one of the old rifles for Péter. That was one of the one good things about holing up in a hunting lodge. Plenty of ammunition stocked about.
“Young.” Stefen shrugged but when Tony prodded him with his knee once more he added, “I think I was close to Ian’s age.”
"He's not! Don't be such a child.” Ian protested ardently, glaring at James. But his brow was furrowed deeply in worry, and everyone could see how intensely he was working through the questions their tutors continued absence demanded asking.
“I bet Tacha could teach you now though.” Bucky instigated and the girl’s eyes flashed blue fire at him. He grinned. “I know you didn’t forget the steps. Not our Ginger Rogers.”
Tony knew it was eating at him, that Stefen blamed himself for the weakened state which prevented them from moving the family until he was well. It was stupid, especially since nearly the whole house was aware that he’d been poisoned. Pepper had blamed the Nazis, whom she was certain had tried to make an attempt on the captain’s life while he was too weak to defend himself. Tony hadn’t dissuaded her or anyone else of the notion. He and Péter had agreed Natacha’s involvement was a secret they’d take to their graves. It had been a horrible accident, and whatever the outcome of it now Tony believed he understood her intentions.
“If you want Ian to pay more attention to you then you had best start by swallowing that pride and apologizing to him like you mean it.” Tony chucked him gently beneath the chin and smiled down at him to signal that the lecture was over and as far as he was concerned, all was forgiven. “But before that, I’d devote some time to figuring out how to put your pants on.”
From the bag slung over his shoulder Ned produced a thin black book which Péter took with surprise. His eyes widened even further when he flipped the book open, and realized that it was an album, half full of photos of the islands that Péter recognized from Ned’s collection.
While Patriot and Nightcrawler remained tensely silent Rogue was the only one who seemed unconcerned when she saw him.
“We’re all set to go Major,” a lower ranking officer informed him with an impatient edge and Dvorak waved him on. He’d made no attempt to remember the names of the other men assigned to the escort, more concerned with keeping his flask full of beer until he could find the courage to put a bullet in his skull.
She’d worry, and Helene had enough worries on her plate as it was with the family’s move to the city, and now with Dvorak’s orders to Czechoslovakia her nerves were particularly strained. She’d hoped to take their Rene to the winter festival in Berlin last week but hadn’t felt up to the trip. Instead they’d stayed home, and she and the child had baked sweets together and they’d settled down to listen to one of the many speeches broadcasted daily over civilian radio. To Dvorak’s disgruntlement, Helene seemed to enjoy Rogers speeches most of all.
The captain was struggling to sit up his eyes darting about the room. Even in the distorted light Tony could see the front of his night shirt was drenched in sweat. His movements were slow, sluggish again as if he were drunk only there was no smell of alcohol, no telltale glass like the one in Tony’s hand beside the bed.
When the captain pressed his mouth to Tony’s collar bone, sucking at the skin gently before nipping the flesh, Tony jumped, the contact sending a pleasurable burn through his flesh. As the heat of Stefen’s mouth dragged downwards, closer and closer to where Tony was hard and aching for touch, he felt the captain’s lips curl in a smile. But then his head came back up, but before Tony could vocalize his disappointment Stefen’s tongue flicked one sensitive nipple and his teeth teased at the nub in silent threat. Tony jerked, choking on a whine as pleasure and pain mingled, curling tighter and tighter in his loins as if there were a direct line between the two appendages.
"Can I steal your partner?" Tony heard, his heart thumping heavily in his chest as Stefen tapped him upon the shoulder.  Natacha’s whole face lit up and Tony resigned himself to the fact that he’d just lost his dancing partner. He moved aside with a flourishing gesture, placing Natacha’s hand in his and Stefen rolled his eyes upward as he drew Natacha toward him, but that smile was still betraying him. The little one that refused to budge, that was half wonder – as if Stefen had just realized he would never be happier than he was in that moment. The same smile Tony was wearing.
Once the tears started there was no stopping them. They just leaked out of him without his control, hot and stinging his battered face as his body shook. He was rattling right out of his skin. The chair wobbled on its legs as Steve slid off the edge and dropped to the ground where he curled himself into a ball.
Except nothing about this was funny, and Bucky had leaped right off the edge. His head was pounding like there was a stampeding horse trapped in it. He rubbed desperately at his eyes, snarling into his hands as he struggled to breathe.
He’d had a fair point. So why did he feel suddenly like a terrible bully? Maria’s trembling lip and downcast gaze as she slunk from the room was like a punch to the gut, and Tony flushed with shame.
“I’ll call you if I need your help” Stefan assured him softy. Like hell he would. But Ian nodded and darted back inside. Tony closed the door behind him. There was a rustling behind him and he turned just in time for Stefen to toss him a small iron key. He held it in his hand for a moment thinking how he must have gotten it from Sieger and then turned and locked the door with a click.
Tony had started taking apart the generator he’d gotten from the mill and at some point he must have finally passed out down there because when he was rudely awoken by the sharp sting of stones peppering his skull, it was to find that he’d missed breakfast as well as morning prayers.
Please don’t be alarmed that I am writing to you from Dachau. I have not been arrested, as our poor brothers in the faith recently were at Engelzell Abbey, after refusing to hand over a family of gypsies who sought sanctuary within their walls.
“Where’s the key Nik?” he demanded, and the man’s gaze fixated on Tony once more and Péter sagged in relief.
“You shouldn’t leave this out,” he warned, tensing under Susan’s assessing stare. “I know you think I’m being overbearing, but I don’t think you fully understand the risks you’re taking. I know I came here to ask you for help…”
"You're a woman." he fumbled. God, why couldn’t he speak? Was he ten again? He’d never been any damn good at talking to women and holding true to form he stumbled on, "I mean, I know you're a woman."
Tony’s eyes flew open. That was his plan? He was just going to give himself up. Sacrifice himself like an idiot and hope that Bakhuizen could pull off a miracle rescue?
Four days a week Tony taught music, French and English. It was difficult at times to look at their young faces and to know the difficult road they had ahead as strangers in a foreign land; but speaking even a little of the native tongue could only help. That made Tony’s efforts worth any amount of discomfort.
Unconsciously Steve’s hands curled into fists on his lap. He only realized when he felt the sting of his nails digging into the flesh of his palm. He unclenched them carefully with a slow exhale. He couldn’t think about that. He and Tony had made their choices, the best ones they could make. Right now, the children were his priority.
Even as he spat the words Steve’s eyes narrowed on the mostly completed structure peeking out over Tony’s shoulder. In another moment, Steve might have been impressed at its size and polish but as it was, he wanted to take a hammer to the whole thing and smash it to pieces. There. There was the reason Tony hadn’t noticed Natacha was acting strange. The damn boat and everything it signified was the reason Tony was too preoccupied to check in on Cameron and his brother and discover the truth.
Perhaps not so French as all that, though her command of the language was admirable for one so young. He switched back to German, his lips quirking indulgently. Perhaps Rogers could be convinced to patron the girl. Once the unit was moved to Czechoslovakia Rene could use a playmate. They seemed to be about the same age.
"I won't say it again, and you can wipe that smug smile off your face while you're at it." Tony retorted playfully, withdrawing his hand with an indignant sniff.
"Stark! There's more ammunition in the glove compartment." Bucky yelled at Tony who immediately ducked down to get the blasted thing open, hands shaking as he rifled around until he felt a long rectangular box that rattled when he grasped it.  He pulled it out, pausing only momentarily to wave it at Bucky who nodded in confirmation, before he reached back through the shattered window and handed the box to Leshnerr who was leaning up despite the gun fire to reach for it. He flinched hard when a shot punched through the metal wall of the truck, not far from where his arm was reaching. Erik cursed, the box dropping from his hands and spilling its contents all over the back of the truck.
Pure scientific observation. Anyone would have noticed it, and it wasn't strange at all that Tony wanted to definitively prove his certainty that Stefen's was finer as fact and not preference.
Bucky drained the coffee half empty and then, licking the residue off his lip, regarded Steve with a heavy eye, drumming his fingers on the table. A staccato beat. Even now he was making music. Steve kept still as Bucky assessed his form.
“Péter. Look at me” he waited till he had Péter's full attention again. “This is an opportunity you will never have again. Your friends will understand.”
“Give us the key.” He echoed Tony’s demand, jutting out his chin and clenching his teeth instead of giving in to the urge to skitter backwards again when Nik glared at him.
Stefen looked deep in conversation with some general so and so and a gaggle or prominent officials and hadn't so much as glanced back at the table where Tony was keeping an eye on his youngest children. Had they been at home, Tony would have done as Jarvis had always done for him and taken the children up to bed himself and have done with it, only he wouldn’t have pretended afterward like it had been the captain’s idea all along. No he would certainly not! And if that’s what Stefen thought he was, the
The show ended with a punch as the little family of goats collapsed on the stage and Tony and the children came out to take their bows. Bucky stood with Steve and Charlotte to clap for them, grinning when his little shadow made a beeline for him. James practically collided with him in his eagerness to ask how they had done, and did Bucky see the puppets because he had helped design them all.
“Well, consider yourself lucky Herr Stark. They put a headless chicken in the bed of the previous governess.”
"Father can we go and get the tree now?" Steve barely had a moment to let his bottom rest in the chair before Artur asked, leaning over his plate and dragging his coat through his half-eaten food.
The word coward screamed out from the poster in giant bold letters, red as the swollen flesh after a slap. Below Stefen’s picture there was another bold subline, detailing his arrest and betrayal of his country by the cowardly act of desertion. Bucky’s heart began to pound.
The light didn’t spill very far beyond the bottom of the stairs, just enough to see a couple of iceboxes jammed on either side and a bit of the dirt floor.
Was he overreacting? He didn’t think so. If Stefen had been the one to catch her like that she’d be dead. Speaking of dead, it was damned
“You mean you’ve never been a tutor?” Natacha zeroed in on the heart of the matter like a bird circling prey and Tony had to admire how penetrating her stare was. “And I suppose you’ve never been in a house like this before?”
“Tacha! Tacha stop!”  Péter grabbed at her, pulling her off of Tony and hauling her back by her waist.  In the bed the other children sat up, yanked unceremoniously from sleep, staring at them with sleepy befuddlement as they tried to make sense of what had happened.
Rogers tucked the letters into a satchel and swept it under the desk with his heel before shoving aside the chair to sit in, and beginning to scribble, his brow furrowed, the graphite making large dark strokes on the paper. Dvořák surveyed him over the tip of his own document.
"It looks like it went straight through. But we will need to clean it and-" The doctor tried to explain in the same tone one might use for the exceptionally slow.
Péter bit his lip but could not suppress the red flush of humiliation that colored his cheeks as Johann smiled viciously at him over the Bannführer's shoulder.
“If that’s you Cap, go away. I’m busy.” Tony shouted, staying paused a moment longer to hear a reply.  He was glad for it when he heard Péter’s voice come muffled through the door.
“I'm fine.” He couldn't make out if Virginia, because this was all clearly by her hand, wanted them to stay the night out of concern or something else. Either way the three of them had made up their minds it seemed. Just when you thought you were the master of your own house.
Tony kept his expression carefully impassive. All that, just confirmed what Tony had suspected already. Instinct and not intel had brought Stanislov here. Had he been aware that Nonno and Nonna had defied his attempts to run them out of town after his mother’s death, they would have been his first stop. And if he knew anything concrete about Stefen and the children he wouldn’t have been shy about that either.
The cook winked at Sara, who giggled, and eagerly informed those not in the know, “Cameron’s sleeping by the shed.”
We really hope you enjoyed this opening and look forward to the next update. We have no set schedule as yet, as we both work and I have another fic I am working on but encouragement is love. And just between you and me, my partner is a first time fic writer so please tell us how you liked this chapter and send some love her way if you're feeling it as she's wonderful to work with. Adios, and until next time. You're all lovelies.
“Alright, now that it’s just you and I,” Tony began with a sympathetic wince. “Why don’t you… at ease?”
“My behavior?” Tony’s eyes widened and he let out a startled sounding chuckle. “You sound like my father. Which would be funny, if I weren’t several years your senior and very much not interested in being one more of your children.”
“I followed them. I tried all night to get to them but they wouldn’t let me in. One of the soldiers… he cursed at me, hit me with his gun. He said he would shoot me.”
Your father will come back. There’s nothing to be afraid of. It would be true for her, up until the very last moment. Hope was the only merciful thing he had left to give her.
It was fourteen excruciating days before Antonia came to Tony with the news.  He’d worried after the assassination of the police captain, but there had been no signs of trouble in the interim.  It had been quite as a mouse at Maria’s, and Stanislov had left the tickets and the money for Tony at the Post Office just as they’d agreed upon.
Noticing his stare Zimmerman held up his hand, eyebrows raised in invitation. Steve hadn’t played cards for fun in years. Usually it was some ploy to speak to some general or trade information. He’d not sat down and enjoyed himself at a game in ages. He shook his head in refusal. Leaving his perch was not an option. It was paranoia, he knew, there were three look outs stationed as it was, and anything Steve saw from this vantage point wouldn’t save them any time. Not really. Still, he couldn’t shake the need to keep an eye out.
“Well you have so far.” Stefen said, voice warm and low in that way that Tony was in danger of sinning over. Though shalt not covet or something along those lines. He was definitely beginning to covet that sound. He really shouldn’t. The reasons were endless, chief of which was that there wasn’t a snowballs chance in hell of his feelings being returned.
“Tell Nonno he has an excellent head for wines.” He commented, leaning down to smack a kiss against her wrinkled cheek. He snuck a glance at the photo in her hands, stiffening slightly when he realized it was a faded photo of his mother, holding a swaddled infant that he could only presume was himself.
“Vati! They’re going to start soon!” Artur pressed him and Steve chuckled. Allowing the boy to pull him over toward Herr Klein. Joshua smiled broadly as they approached, greeting them happily.
The question, impertinent as it was, was certainly valid Dvorak realized, the woman's words stirring up the room and kicking his thoughts into high gear.
“My father, Dr. Leshnerr is a good man. He studies genetic mutations. My mother knew he was right the moment she saw him. Many people chase the caravans away or set the police on them, but my father showed them kindness and offered them space on his land in the woods of Aue. When he and Mama fell in love it was decided that their union was clean. It helped I think, that there was no one yet who could take Mama’s place. My brother and I were born in summer and for many years everyone was very happy."
Everything was still wrong, Péter thought as he boarded the train and searched for a compartment that wasn’t full. But thinking about Becca and the way she’d smiled at his soldier made something that had been loose for weeks finally click into place.
Becker barked out a laugh and quickly tried to stifle it. Seeing him all polished up on the television, he’d almost forgotten how crass Rogers could be. When you actually met the man it was painfully clear he’d come from non-commissioned ranks.
Steve was about to answer when one of the magazine’s slipped from her stack and fell to the floor. He moved just when she did to pick up the fallen object. He was faster.
“What are they going to do if you’re...indisposed as you were this morning? The quicker you have someone on your side.” she huffed a breath through her nose, her lips pursed. No doubt the memory of that morning turning over in her head.
Virginia didn’t bother to wipe the tears streaming down her cheeks as she held Tacha’s face, fingers stroking over the girl’s grubby skin like it was precious porcelain. Steve didn’t try to hear what words the exchanged. His eyes moving methodically from one child to the next even as he carefully scrutinized their surroundings.
Weeee're back. All the apologies that this took so long. First life. Then we wanted to get it just right. Then more life. The good news is we have prepared THREE WHOLE CHAPTERS in advance to put more of a buffer between timely updates and life, so they should come steadier from now on. We hope you enjoy, and if you love us anywhere near as much as we love writing this story please feed us with a kind word or two. If  you hated it I guess you can say that too. ;)
"Tony I'm -" Stefen, attempted to say but Tony shushed him, a harsh sound in the dark that he gentled with the press of his full length against Stefen. Tony took his mouth again as their hips ground together, capturing Stefen’s lower lip and teasing it with his teeth. The captain shuddered and let his head fall back against the door with a groan and Tony chuckled.
James wet coughs actually turned indignant and Tony chuckled, patting his back to make sure there wasn’t any more water he needed to spit up.
Becker was not a fool. His ideas were unwelcome in the best of situations in the new Reichland. If they went searching-
Tony blinked the little day dream away, along with the strange pang of longing that accompanied it, because there was no getting back what had been. Only moving forward.
Tony didn’t know about that untested theory. Needing a safe work area to create explosives that wouldn’t endanger the children had largely been the point of reinforcing the workshop in the first place.
Tony wished they could have risked saying yes. It was miles uphill to get back to the cabin and a very winding path to get there. But at least now they had more blankets, and hot soup to warm them. He and Ian didn’t talk much during the first leg of the journey. As soon as the lodge had disappeared on the trail behind them Ian had told Tony of the couple’s suspicions. They’d thought he looked familiar and might be a runaway Jew. Tony didn’t trust them not to dwell on those suspicions or get it into their heads to try and look into them.
“Aww, I didn’t hurt your feelings did I Princess?” Bucky sneered in reply, his grin only broadening, and Steve rolled his eyes.
Pepper and Willamina seemed to realize it too because the tension was slowly draining from their faces, overtaken by hopeful smiles, shy as green shoots peeking through the last of winters snow.
Tony was still grinning as they made their goodbyes and he hung the earpiece back into the cradle. He nearly jumped a foot with an emasculated yelp when he turned to find Natacha, who had slipped in at some unknowable point, standing right beside his chair.
2. Steve has never received any sort of treatment for his PTSD because that's not a real thing yet but OMG does he need it. Also PTSD is a thing in children as well. Which Tony is no way trained to handle, regardless of his own personal issues with it. Hold onto your butts.
It reminded Steve of his mother in the later days of her life. Steve had taken his three oldest boys to the coast with Sara shortly before she's died. She'd been ill for quite some time with a fever; the same that would infect him and later take Peggy.
We did not find evidence of ungodly practices or experiments during our initial visit, but they were well warned before we arrived and there were many sections of the camp we were not allowed to enter. Even now that I am posted here as chaplain for the imprisoned clergymen - one of the Abbots hard-won concessions - I am confined to my designated rooms.
“No, it’s just that I don’t think he likes pork at all.” He explained. “He never finishes it, just pushes it around on his plate.”
They’d not been seen by anyone yet, as far as they could know she had a chance to make it out of this unscathed. Steve hoped for her sake it would be enough.
No, it was not his first time in Berlin but it had been a few years since his last visit. Oh yes, he’d be sure and see the sights, however he was feeling worn from the journey. It might be best to take a nap before dinner tonight, what a sensible suggestion Stefen. Couldn’t be seen wilting in front of Germany’s finest.
But even if the stories were true and Grandfather Abel had married poor Henriette for her money, no one who had ever been to the summer house could deny that he’d built her a refuge to be envied. He had also given her three healthy children, whom she’d adored. Charlotte was convinced that kind of affection had a way of sinking into the floorboards of a home.
“Did they teach you that at the monastery?” he asked and Stark paused, tapping his fingers against his glass thoughtfully.
That's how Maria found him, sitting in a corner by himself shoulders slumped and his head resting in his hands. Wordlessly she crawled onto his lap and as he gathered her in his arms.
Sam’s gaze lingered on the shop before he dropped his arm from the open window, keeping it safe inside the automobile, jostling the box of Wilamina’s blinners in his lap.
The middle boy and the three youngest were giggling, clearly amused by the tete-a-tete he’d just had with their father. The oldest girl looked far less amused, blue eyes staring into him with bored disdain as if he were the child and she already weary of his antics. The other two boys looked as if they might have wanted to join their siblings in their amusement, but found themselves torn between loyalties. Especially when their red haired sister turned those judging eyes on them as if to say: really?
“Thank you. I didn’t mean to offend.” Stefen replied stiffly. He clamped his mouth shut with a click and looked away out the window. Tony began to feel bad for finding it funny. He wavered for a moment on whether he should try and smooth things over. But something about the tense way the captain was holding himself decided Tony against it. He had the aura of someone carefully reining themselves in and Tony didn’t want to do anything to upset that balance.
As Maria shrank Bucky sighed, sensing an argument on the horizon. Really it had been brewing for days.
He felt a twinge of jealousy at the ease with which Tony dealt with the children. He never seemed to struggle with what to say like Steve did, or looked like he felt too big in his own body and in danger of going off from one moment to the next.
Tony saw that he needed help. There was no help for soldiers when they came home from war. Tony saw how he was struggling, we all did, but he was the only one not frightened of it. It was always “Yes Captain, Yes Captain”, but then Tony came along and he’d go, “oh you’ve made a mess of it now” or “have you thought about trying it this way”. [To Natacha] Do you remember the fights they’d get into?
. Steve hadn’t lost him. That was Tony’s beard scratching at his skin, and Tony’s flesh shaking against his. Steve could still protect him. He could still –
He'd had to go he reminded himself. And soon he'd be back. Then he and Stefen could come up with a plan to help track down Péter, and then they could all leave. To London, Tony thought, pieces of a plan coming together in his mind. None of this ‘sending Tony and the children ahead and meeting them later’ nonsense. Stefen had purchased a home in Switzerland but he had ignored every chance to send them there. Tony was as sure now as it was possible to be, that the reason was because a retreat across the Swiss border represented a surrender, and Captain Rogers would never surrender to the Third Reich.
“Tony’s right.” Péter was quick to add, a gleam of excitement in his eye betraying his eagerness to show off all that he had learned while away at school. “Having a large chest, rib cage, neck, helps produce a deeper more powerful sound. Just like an instrument!”
The grandfather clock downstairs chimed six, sounding through the air with more strength than ever before thanks to Tony.
Relief flashed through the captain’s eyes at the words, as if he were a sinner at the foot of a priest receiving grace. In a strange way perhaps that wasn’t far off the mark, Tony thought with some amusement. He was a monk after all.
Steve told Charlotte he’d changed his mind about the party that evening at dinner. He’d come down to the dining room for it, which he insisted be held in the dining room that evening. Tony fretted he'd overextend himself, but Steve firmly believed the best medicine for a body was simply to get back to it as soon as possible. Besides, they both knew good and well they couldn't afford to let his body heal as much as they might want to. They were leaving before the new year, and the sooner Steve could spend a full day on his feet the better.
“You’re cold.” Tony murmured, feeling the goosebumps that had pebbled the captain’s skin. “And no wonder. We made quite the mess of ourselves.”
While Tony was busy making sure Natacha and Péter could handle things without him Ian quietly gathered the things he would need on his trip. ‘I’ll get the sled ready Tony. I’ll get the ropes, and the sacks, and the rifle, and the ammunition, and the water jugs, and the torch, and the dry food.’ He packed the sled carefully, testing it to make sure it wasn’t too heavy for him to manage. It would be a great distance between here and the nearest farm, and he wouldn’t know exactly which way to go. But he could follow the road through the trees.
“No backing out of it Hedy, I’m meeting a fellow and he’s only got a short stop before he’s headed up the river.”
As a group they hurried through the back alley’s as quickly as they could but even there they ran into others, proving they weren’t alone in the idea. There were other runners. Other hiders. Others whose faces were so full of fear they looked as if they were in rictus, the whites of their eyes flashing through the thick darkness at them. Natacha let out a squeal of shock behind him and Steve whirled, body tense and ready to drop Sara and rip apart whatever threat had made Tacha scream- but the person, the man, was already down. He lay slumped in the shadows, unconscious or dead. She’d tripped over him and now she stood there, staring at the misshapen lump at her feet.
"What?!" Father barked, his voice harsh and loud in the stillness around them and she winced. Still she mustered up the courage to speak, holding eye contact even as he gazed down at her with frustrated impatience.
“Do you think we’ll be famous?” The private who had been on guard duty when Frau Boehringer had brought dinner asked timidly. He looked around nervously from his sprawl on the floor. His fingers picked at a piece of bread left over from dinner as explained, “I mean after, after everything.”
“Jobs have opened up, money is more lucrative now, the streets are cleaner than I’ve ever seen them, and citizen are not being taken advantage of.” Zimmerman replied with a snort, his voice losing some of the confidence it had adopted. “As long as we don’t get cock deep in a war, Germany can rebuild itself.”
"I tried looking her up after the war, but the inn was destroyed by then, hit in a bombing. Nobody could tell me much more beyond that. Probably married with a couple of babies somewhere." He shrugged once more but Tony got the feeling there was more he hadn't said. He did not know what it was... but he didn't believe that Lara Enns was anywhere or anything but dead.
Steve smiled at him, awash with relief and mouthed a thank you as he carried Artur into the bedroom.
“Look Tacha, we can see the road!” Artur shouted from up ahead, his cheeks pink from the chill but his eyes bright and happy. “Frau Zemo where does this one go?”
Thankful that Bucky had decided to get straight to the heart of the matter Steve leaned forward, making as if to reach for a strudel, careful to whisper, “I've gotta talk to you.”
“On the contrary Herr Stark, I find myself constantly curious as to what goes on in your mind.” When Tony narrowed his eyes at him Stefen’s mouth spread into the kind of expression someone kinder would have called innocent. It put Tony in mind of little James so fortunately he knew better.
She put her hands against his chest and pushed as hard as she could, snarling when it did nothing to move him.
Steve could see the effort Stark was putting into keeping the conversation going. Not for lack of topic but Steve's sluggish delays in answering.
“Then you aren’t thinking. It’s easy. A child could do it and you’re children so come along.” Tony motioned impatiently with his hand and in his chair Péter sat up straighter, anxiousness stiffening his shoulders as he thought through the math.
Stefen smiled wistfully, watching as Artur sucked the sticky residue of melted cream off his fingers, and plopped back down into his seat at Tony’s side on the bench.
“We are better men than our fathers.” Stefen snapped, irritably clenching his cutlery with dangerous force. Tony could see the tension in him, like a rope pulled to tight in danger of snapping. Still, Stefen did his best to maintain control.
Worrying as the bouts of shock were Tony would take manic moods and harrowing lows over stares. The ones that practically sizzled with intensity and seemed to see straight through Tony’s…. everything. They were happing with regularity since Vienna and those gazes always left Tony feeling uncomfortably close to abandoning sanity altogether and throwing himself on the man.
Bucky knew that expression. It was the same expression he’d worn before he'd approached Peggy the first time, the same one he’d worn as he’d stepped into the recruiting line.
For a man who had only three months ago not intended his sons to see the light of day, let alone learn to swim for fear they would break, Stefen seemed very unconcerned with the development.
Steve was grateful that Péter had someone learned he could go to without having to depend on the disappointing efforts of an old soldier like him; he wished sometimes that it was him Péter still ran to with his questions and his little inventions but there was no practical use in harboring such petty jealousy. Tony was better suited and Steve wouldn't willingly take away the boy's newfound confidence, but Tony's interference – and it was nothing short of that – in their lives had come with consequences.
He just wanted to be left in peace, to close his eyes and not be chased, to drift away on a black river rocked into sleep, no fear of either dreams or waking. It was a terribly selfish desire, but Stefen had never been as good as he tried to be.
Don’t do it, Bucky pleaded silently, staring hard at Steve, but he already knew Steve wasn’t going to look at him.
"My mother was gifted. Sometimes she saw things. Felt things.  It was not the trick she played on the gadje. Her mother called it sight. Mama called it intuition, but her people knew to respect it and her, whatever its name. The gadje called her a witch, but she did not mind. She used to say, 'the men won't bother a witch, and they are so much quicker to do as you say'. She did not trust men. I don’t think she ever thought to really fall in love, but she did.
“You can fiddle with that all you like you know, but you can’t make it any more perfect.” Tony murmured. He rubbed at his eye absently, the aggravated white turned pink standing out now that he was so close to Ian.
“I'm here to escort you and the children to Munich and we’re on a time crunch in order to get there before the festival.” Bucky was saying.
But instead of finding breakfast under way he and James found the others crowded in the smaller sitting room, bright bubbling voices carrying out into the hall helping the two confused stragglers locate them when they found breakfast abandoned at the table.
Tony didn’t sleep much, Ian had noticed. He stayed up late to watch over them and only slept an hour or two each night, and since James had fallen ill he had a tendency not to go days in a row without sleeping at all. So for his plan to work, Ian knew that he would only have a short window of time.
Péter fashioned each word as a dart, meant to sting, and they might have landed if Steve had hosted any actual desire to see Péter in the Wehrmacht. Maybe once upon a time when he'd been very young himself, before he'd killed his first man, there had been a time when he'd dreamed his son might one day inherit the brotherhood. But that had been a very long time ago. Those dreams had dissolved with the empire long before Péter was born.
He scribbled out a response to his informant, asking about the population of Romani in the area, if she’d seen or heard of any caravans passing through, anywhere that Rochel might have hidden herself and the girls away.
“Of course, I’m not alright!” he snapped irritably, flushing an embarrassed pink. “You just… you just-“
Working as quickly as he could with such combustible materials Tony fed the rope through the top of the canister, sure to give it lots of lead. At the other end he set up the torch with the wires and the reinforced bulb, praying that his calculations were correct and it would create enough heat. Time would tell.
“Why are you still here?” he found the words, finally, and Charlotte looked back at him, brow furrowed slightly.
It is clear that the Führer does not even fear God anymore. But there is hope, as censure comes down from the Holly See and the eye of the church narrows upon him, that the Führer will be forced to see reason and release the good brothers of Engelzell. Unfortunately, we can do nothing else for the other poor wretches imprisoned here.
Everyone said that Charlotte Shrader was a perfect match for Captain Rogers in every way. They were correct (but not for the reasons they thought they were).
There was a horrible ache in his chest. He was holding his breath he realized, clenching the railing in a white knuckled grip. He waited, the time scraping at him, the pain in his chest growing stronger. He didn’t care about the pain. All of his focus was on the doors that were pushing open as weary travelers began to fill the receiving hall. Hats bobbed on heads and long coats obscured figures, making it nearly impossible to distinguish one soul from the next.
His point is, we knew what was at stake, and we knew how hard it was going to be for Father and Tony and we didn’t want to make that harder on them.
Thank you from the bottom of my shriveled little heart for the encouraging comments the last few months. I cried tears of blood (but no, really I cried) when Ti sent me all your comments. The Marine Corps is a tough place and a kind word goes a long way. Knowing that Ti and I are able to share this world with you is a freaking delight.
“You apologize-” the monk’s expression was the same blank canvas his voice drawling slowly. Steve immediately tensed.
Peggy had possessed such a way about her. A way of making him feel safe even when he was feeble, groaning and sweating in the dark, a way of easing the shame and making him forget what a burden he'd become.
, Capitano.” Tony panted, surging up in his lap, pressing kiss after desperate kiss against those willing lips - those unfairly kissable, beautiful things that could drive him mad with stubbornness and strip away all his defenses with just a few words.  “God, I love you.”
“It’s not stupid to want better.” Stefen reiterated more gently, hand sliding to lightly grip Tony’s wrist and hold it. The touch was grounding in a way that should have been frightening but Tony was too astounded to be frightened.
The ride in the hotels brand new electric elevator (the new addition replacing the old steam model that the hotel had been built with) had been a smashing hit (James and Artur had begged the attendant to send them back down again and Tony had struggled to remember that he was the adult here and the poor man had a job to do) only dwarfed by their excitement over their room itself.
Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed this chapter please let me know. These last few months have been something else and encouragement is always welcome.
Even if it was only their names signed on coded letters to their favorite gardener. There may come a time when their names would be all they had left.
“They’re going to take whatever you let them take Steve and a lot more than that. Who you are, what you stand for… don’t let them take that.” Bucky huffed after a long moment. “And the Stevie I know wouldn’t turn his back on family.”
Anamarie's eyes lit up and her mouth curled in a jubilant smile. And even though Péter lost that battle with his traitorous cheeks he still felt taller than he'd ever felt before.
Slowly Péter nodded his agreement and the two stared silently at one another other – Péter looking like he wanted to say something more and Tony not knowing what to say next – until Tony decided he’d had enough of
The children loved Prater Park. By the time they’d ridden the giant Ferris Wheel and looked out over Vienna from its top the somber mood that had dampened spirits on the train was long forgotten. Ian was just as excited as the others to be up so high and see so wide. They stopped at little trinket stands and snack shops and for once Stefen didn’t think about the cost of things as he bought pins and ribbons for the girls and (to Artur’s delight) warm gingerbread dusted with sugar to tide them over till lunch.
He fingered the hem of his shirt, pulling absently at the dirty threads. He wasn’t sure what they’d done with his night clothes.
Bucky wasn’t sure what woke him so early that morning. Some sixth sense maybe. Maybe years of looking out for the same person just gave you an affinity for them, or maybe it was just one of those nights when his body sensed the nightmares were going to come and did him a favor by waking him up.
“Sounds dangerous,” Tony quipped. Not to mention right up Nik’s ally. He was a monarchist through and through: a king’s man. Of course he’d want the people’s man on his side.
! A man he’d known a handful of months whom Coulson had all but admitted was a spy planted in his home.
He blinked, startled to find her standing, wondering how and when she’d managed it, but time like everything else felt liquid around him. Sliding through his grasp like sand. She approached him with careful steps, as if he were an animal ready to bite.
“Oh alright, if I must, but I do not take kindly to this insult to Captain Rogers and neither will the abbot.” Tony barked. He crossed himself as he turned sharply on his heel and stomped back up the stairs. Let the officer think the sweat prickling the back of his neck was righteous indignation and not the cold sensation of terror that was squirming in his belly. If they could hear the wild pounding of his heart, let them blame it and his fiercely muttered prayers on indignant rage.
Péter caught Tony’s eye, his face full of question and Tony shook his head. James’ dark moods could prove volatile at the drop of a hat and the last couple of days had been peaceful. With their projects wrapping up he doubted there would be much more of that in the days to come.
“You didn’t sleep well.” Stefen returned, like a statement rather than a question, as he made his way toward Tony on the couch. Tony shrugged, aiming for something nonchalant.
Steve set their things out to dry as best he could in the limited space while Tony directed the children to strip out of their wet garments and double up on two of the pallets, wrapping themselves in their blankets. Steve’s eyes flicked from the remaining bed and back to Tony, whose mouth curled into a weary smile as he breathed a small sigh.
He smoothed back Ian’s bangs and Ian couldn’t help it. The tears that had been building since his father had told them he was leaving began to spill, hot and salty onto his cheeks. Da didn’t say anything, just wiped them away before holding Ian’s face in his hands and looking him in the eyes. Already Ian was beginning to feel better.
“Susopids!” he demanded eagerly, only for his face to crease into a frown at their blank expressions.
He taught her what to do if a man tried to get on top of her; the importance of waiting for the right moment, and how to jab and yank to cause the most damage.
“I don’t want to work for the damn Reich Stefen,” Tony huffed, a tremulous smile forming on his lips. “But I won’t live under their thumb anymore either. I want to fight them. Together. I want you to help me remove the shadow they’ve cast over us and to trust that we’ll be better men for it.”
“Do you mind if I have this one?” Tony asked, half expecting Péter to say no. There were so few photographs of his mother in the house, and none that Tony had seen of his grandmother. He could understand wanting to hoard them; but Péter just blinked, his smile widening in pleasant surprise as he nodded.
He’d played on hill tops like this as a child, traveling with his parents through France and Belgium, or rather when he’d traveled with his father and a contingent of governess (his mother preferring to stay at their home in Pola whenever she could) or Yensin. Those trips had never been fun, his father parading him around until Tony’s use as a trophy for buyers and delegates was no longer needed and then handing him off to the governess of the hour.
Charlotte left Frau Hogan attending Stefen and headed for the sitting room, her steps brisk despite the ache of exhaustion in her bones.
An understatement. Péter's scores were outstanding. He’d always known Péter was smart, intelligent in a way that Steve just wasn't, but looking at his schoolwork, at his aptitude for chemistry, biology, and the other sciences, Steve finally began to understand what Tony meant when he called Péter gifted. Of course Steve was proud, but his pride didn’t make him any less terrified for the future.
“Party?” Stefen’s frown deepened as he looked between Tony and Grig, who looked equally confused by Stefen’s confusion.
Smirking Clinton swung himself off of the table and dashed for the door as if he expected Tony to make good on his word and chase after him with something sharp. He was up the ladder and leaping off the edge of the loft before Tony could really blink, and even though the boy caught and swung himself back into the rafters with the effortless grace of a circus performer Tony couldn’t help but cringe.
“That’s exactly why it should be me,” Péter insisted, narrowing his eyes at Tony. “You know more about medicine and if I don’t make it back, Tony they need you more than they need me.”
“After your mother died and you were gone, Signor Jarvis brought it to us with some of your mother’s things. He said one day he hoped you’d find your way back to it.”
Steve let out something between a laugh and a huff (which Bucky did not look fooled by in the least) and grabbed up his bags. He couldn’t help however getting in a jibe of his own.
“I’ll have my way in this.” Stefen murmured almost gently, before pressing a kiss to Tony’s brow. “Now no more. We’ve got to get clean and dressed or we’ll be late for dinner.”
“When you’re afraid of something you have to face it.” Ian reminded him, because hadn’t Steve said that a million times to them over the course of their young lives – when they came to him with scrapes and bruises and nightmares, when he’d walked into the music room and found them huddled under Peggy’s piano still smelling of the funeral flowers?
“The Captain Rogers I knew was always proud to serve his country.” Hammer snapped back, a disquieting sort of disgust bubbling along with anger beneath his tone. “I don’t expect a nanny to understand that.”
He smiled as he worked, the familiar words of the old song taking him back: to being young, to festivals hand in hand with a pretty girl (his heart beating like a hummingbird, eyes stuck on painted lips in nervous anticipation) to long walks back from factories (coming over the hill and seeing the campfire, smelling the food cooking in the big pot, hearing the ghels singing and the uncles playing their instruments as the others worked, feeling his heart lighten enough to take another tired step toward home Bucky’s arm slung over his shoulder in steady support).
“We went to the emperors wood. Grigur told us about it,” Péter began, and seeing the darkening expression on Steve’s face he stumbled in a rush to get the words out. “We go there every day, and it’s been fine, only Natacha wandered off. Though I am sure she is fine!”
Fear for Susann jolted through Steve at the words. Jonny coming for tea was their code for if any officials came to question her or seemed suspicious of her involvement in the escape of the Lehnsherr  twins. Sending her son Frank up the river was code for immediate intervention. The twins needed to be moved as soon as they could move them and Susann needed to get out of Austria.
The captain’s hands moved lower and Tony’s belly clenched, cock tightening in pleasure at the maddening touch, so close to where he wanted it most. But Stefen seemed completely and utterly fascinated with anything besides what Tony wished he would pay attention to. Particularly by the turn where ass met hip and the soft skin there.
“She’s alive. But my mother...” Tony’s voice cracked and he winced, carefully not looking back at the captain, feeling too exposed for words but unable to let it go with Ian looking up at him so woefully. “My mother isn’t either.”
“Captain, while the house is delighted to have you back, I simply must bring it to your attention that Herr Stark’s behavior while you’ve been away has been unacceptable – ”
“I’m sorry Uncle, but your faith in me is misplaced. I had no intention of going to Germany before, and I have no intention of going there with you now.”
He hadn’t said so, but Ian could tell. Tony used to spend practically every minute with them with some interesting new lesson planned – now he disappeared for long hours, and when he was with them he was only half there.
He didn't believe for a second that Thor would lose his wife of all people in a crowd or leave her for another man to escort out, war hero or not. This had to be it. He’d waited all night but nothing further of their private audience had been mentioned or said.
“So am I back to Mr. now?” Bucky asked with an arched brow as he took a swallow from the mug. Hedwig hadn’t changed much since the last time he’d been through (what eight months ago?) all plump curves and buttermilk skin.
The normally cheerful cook’s face had taken on a thinness over the weeks and Tony had grown used to the way the maids skittered about like frightened mice, whispering in corners. In truth, it seemed that a fearful tension had settled over the entire country as it held its breath.
“It's that hard is it, just to do as you’re told and apologize?” Tony demanded, like the heel he was. Blaming a child for the desperate guilt clawing at his insides. And then Tony recognized that heat for what it was, not temper but fever, as James eyes filled with tears.
But Bucky’s hands clenched tightly on the wheel as he drove, his eyes glinting under the street lamps as he kept his gaze fixed straight ahead (and nowhere at all). But when he finally spoke he did turn to look at her, and for once she didn’t think he saw a little girl.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       “It looks that way, Ginger. It looks that way.”
“It’s not for us when you still intend to fight.” Tony found himself near shouting in response to the accusation. Wincing, he forcibly lowered his voice.
Maria Santiago had left better than a forwarding address at the grand hotel. After speaking briefly with the matron at the front desk, and greasing the woman’s palm with more coins than he’d wanted to part with, they’d learned that Maria had indeed married years ago and left service at the hotel; but her daughter had come around the year before looking for a job and was now employed there.
“He’s very ill and we haven’t a moment to lose. It’s best if you wait outside,” he instructed the baroness with a gentle but no less commanding hand upon her shoulder as Rogers finished his fit of coughing and slumped back onto the bed breathing heavily.
That answered one of Tony’s questions at least. His visit there today wasn’t a secret. At least not a big enough one that it hadn’t made the rounds of soldier’s gossip. Practically snapping his heels, the more senior of the two approached Tony with a brisk step.
still called her Ginger Rogers to tease her. He called her other things too in the gypsy tongue. Lovely little names, ripe with fondness and paternal affection. Little one, gypsy girl, darling. He said them in German sometimes too, but privately she liked it best when he spoke in Romany because it felt like an invitation to discover parts of herself that she hadn’t dared yet to explore.
“It’s my job to take care of you, Natacha. Not the other way around.” He teased, grateful beyond anything that he sounded normal again and that she dropped her head to rest on his shoulder like she was a little girl again.
He crossed himself almost by route, thinking that Bruce would be so proud if only he could see Tony now, swallowing the bitter pill of humility and beseeching heaven with all the other desperate human souls. Taking a deep breath Tony tucked the files Pavlok had given him under his arm and darted from the car.
“We have the party, we tell everyone you’re getting married in the spring to throw them off. We can have a priest here by the end of the week and be on the road the next day. By the time Schmidt catches wind, we may be able to slip the net.”
anymore, just him, and it had taken him three years before he could use that pet name again, three long
“H-herr Bakhuizen,” Hammer stammered, his heart still jackhammering in his chest. He’d expected it, counted on it even, but he was getting damned tired of Roger’s guard dog skulking about. He was even worse than the Major. Polish. Hah! A slavic brute. He’d bet the fortune that waited for him in the State Bank once Rogers was arrested and his assets seized.
Charlotte’s face had gone horribly white, but Bucky was already swinging back around. Where were those damn fags? That was right, he was out again, but Stefen would have some. Before. No telling about now. The music room. Stefen. The steps it took to get to the door felt like miles, the distance between him and Stefen stretching hateful and wide.
“What do you say, Tony?” His smile was as contagious as it always was as he softly rumbled. “Ya, trust me?”
"Charlotte, blame me. I deserve it. But please, stay and see this through. For the children's sake -" Charlotte interrupted his plea to laugh, the humorless sound burbling out of her throat like a fountain. "For the children's sake I hope you'll see reason and send them to their grandparents now. They deserve better than to suffer for your selfishness."
“We’re undergoing a training drill.” Steve heard Bucky explain and when he was asked where his orders had come from Becker jumped in, repeating himself, this time with a trace of irritability in his words as he informed the officer that their orders came from the Chief of Police.
It was safe at the cabin. God at least he hoped. He had to get there. Had to find his children. Schmidt was looking. He’d drown them. Butcher them.
Who was to say that Stefen would always feel as strongly as he did now? Or that he might not grow weary of the secrecy and the constant risk? Was Tony to risk his very life on a flame that might very well flicker and die the moment that Stefen learned that Tony was a Jew?
” Tony stopped in his tracks. If she was still capable of trusting anything, he wanted her to trust this, because he knew deep down that it was true. Faced with a choice no one should have to make he’d chosen her.
A picture worth a thousand words, Tony mused darkly, wondering how long Obi had waited after his father died to take over the office and put that monstrosity up. If not for the painting Tony might have been tempted to think he had stepped through a door twenty years in the past.
“I’ve devoted my life here for near sixteen years Captain. It’s more my home than my own house isn’t it? I simply did not want to risk making the journey until things settled down.” The butler explained with ease. “My apologies if you suffered in my absence.”
“Uncle Bucky, when we’re in Vienna do you think father would let us meet the prince?” Maria asked suddenly, pulling Bucky from his thoughts.
A sob tore from deep within her chest and she hung her head, desperate to hide her face as it crumpled and the tears burned her eyes.
He knew Natacha. Each page turn sounded like a crack of thunder in the still room and with each turn she seemed to be nailing her resolve into place, as if she could simple flip what had happened onto a different page, where on the other hand Péter couldn't seem to erase the shuttered horror in Tony’s eyes from his mind.
That more than anything decided for Tony that there was something going on. Something very dangerous to them all but he knew before he even tried to questioning Stefen about it would be futile.
Had it really all just been a tragic misunderstanding? Or had Obadiah had a hand in it all: the riot, Yinsen’s death? Maybe if Tony had revealed himself to those men like he’d wanted to, maybe they would have just killed him and pinned his murder on the
"Daniel! I couldn’t find you - " Cameron fought to get out, but it was hard to speak with how tightly he and Daniel still held one another. Sniffing wetly Daniel pulled back, his eyes still blotchy with tears.
Glancing at Charlotte, Steve’s expression softened. Selfish as it was to tie her to his family when he couldn’t promise her the love she deserved, it was good that Natacha would have someone now.
“It won’t be any better, Johann, making them go out in all that. We’re three floors up.” Inola Regenbogen said from her seat in the corner. The woman who had been in the car with the professor had barely moved since they’d all spilled into Sieger’s apartment, not even to help with the littlest ones. To be fair, Seiger had kept a distance as well.
“How was your rest?” Herr Stark repeated, drawing the words out as if he were speaking to a child. Herr Stark trailed off watching Steve with something curious in his eyes. Something like a challenge.
When Stefen’s eyes raised to meet his there was something evocative in them that made Tony’s throat go dry.
"I have several friends I thought might be of help in locating Péter. James says he bought three tickets for Poland at the station in Vienna. No one knows if he and his companions made it there." Cold creeped like ice through Tony's stomach, anger and bitterness fading to the background in the face of his worry. Worry mirrored on Charlottes face. He'd forgotten, perhaps in his selfishness, that Charlotte wasn't just some stranger their father intended to marry. She was their mother's cousin. True family.
“Come inside. Please.” He entreated around the lump in his throat and Stefen turned slowly, and Tony saw his own helplessness mirrored in the blue of the captain’s eyes, which were overly bright with unshed tears.
As Stark left the room with the children and quiet descended once more Charlotte returned to Stefen’s side.
He’d held Péter in his arms and promised him the world when he was born. Now he could make something good on that promise.
“But what about –“ Tony tried to question only for her to scoff loudly and glare poignantly at the plate. Tony tore a section of bread and dipped it in the jam, shoveling it into his mouth. He made a show of chewing to appease her and she relaxed the fists on her hips.
“Boys, that’s not sportsmanly behavior.” Stark chided, though Steve noticed he’d gone back to banging the end of a thin piece of metal into a flat disk and hadn’t even bothered to look up. Steve was caught by the motions of his hands: their quickness and confidence as they plied the metal into his desired shape was arresting, like watching an artist at work.
“Okay.” Tony, never one to give up easily clapped his hands together. “Let us start from the beginning. Names, ages, and something important about yourself that I should know.”
The interrogation of the household began in earnest on the first day and continued into the end of the week. Tony worried until he was sick with it every time Agent Neuman (a heartless man if ever there was one) came to collect one of them, and didn’t feel like he could breathe again until they were returned to him – shaken, but largely left unharmed.
Artur froze for a millisecond before jumping up like a spring, exclaiming in delirious excitement, “The Christkind! The Christkind is here!”
“We are all here. We will all be watching them so it is safe.” Charlotte countered, calm and confident with a soft smile for the children before she returned her full focus to him, repeating. “They’re safe now, Darling.”
“Know what?” Tony asked in return, observing his face carefully. Stefen looked angry, but there was an anguish to his expression that rendered him impotent. Stefen was not a man who dealt well with powerlessness, Tony thought. It sat about as well as a belt made of thorns.
“What the hell happened Tony?” Steve asked, finally pulling his eyes away from the young widow as she left the kitchen to give them their privacy. Ignorance was all part of her willingness to help them. She didn’t want to endanger herself or her daughter by knowing more than she had to. It was surprising now that he thought about it, that she’d offered to hide Tony in her home at all. Maybe Tony really had judged her correctly.
“As for Stark Industries, you were given twenty percent controlling stock in the company which was to be held in trust by your uncle, Isiah Carboni. It looks as if he may have been pressured to sell shortly after your parents died. Stanislov now holds the stocks but I daresay not legally. We can fight that in court.”
Though every muscle in Steve’s body went stiff at the sight of Striker, the former head of education did not seem at all perturbed to see him. As Striker and Khalmmer traded greetings it became clear to Steve that he was the only one who hadn’t been informed of who the Führer had invited for this informal meeting.
Steve took another deep breath, refusing to take the bait. It didn’t do much but buy him time, but it was time enough to collect himself for his next words.
When the knock came Tony went still like lightning had struck, but a moment later he was up and out of his chair almost before the last subversive rap of knuckles fell against the wood. He’d been expecting it he realized.
“Owe! God damn it enough!” Tony shook the boy loose, grateful that he was already layered for the outdoors and the boy hadn’t gotten much more than a mouthful of wool. Even so, the shock of it, the boldness of this little
“Good evening,” a friendly sounding voice chirped in English with a slight crackle of interference at the end. “This is Freddie at the Castle, reaching out to our kin at the inn.”
All sets of eyes were on Steve again. Well all sets but Péter and Ian who were doing wonderful impressions of being deaf. Steve was wearing his stone face again.
Péter followed their tutor, unsure of what to do now that they were home. The journey back had been miserably quiet. The girls had sniffled the whole way but Herr Stark hadn’t said a word to them that wasn’t barking at Ian and James to keep up.
Catching Natacha’s eye, Tony tilted his head back to catch one on his tongue. He gave up when she tugged on his arm with an admonishing shake of her head. He straightened again; his mouth spread into a grin. They walked arm in arm for another block before she finally spoke.
They stood in uncomfortable silence for what felt like eons, and it was only his training that kept Dvorak from fidgeting like the doctor.
as if Tony could have left the bed without leaving his heart behind – some broken mess of a thing on the sheets.
There was a moment of quiet while Steve processed her words, unable to come up with anything to say against them. She was right.
Tony's pulse leaped uncomfortably but he ignored the sensation, leaning forward, heart hammering as he informed Stefen, "You ought to keep the day room better stocked."
In the film, your family escapes over the mountains into Switzerland – but in reality, your journey was a bit more fraught than that.
Ian, who stood on the bank quenching his toes and hugging his arms to his chest, watched as Tony struggled to hold onto the wriggling girl. He'd forgotten how much like bars of soap children were when wet.
“One word, Stark. One more fucking word.” He snarled the warning, rage and panic creating such a storm inside him, he wasn't even sure he’d switched back to German.
“Yes, that was naughty of Péter wasn't it?” Tony murmured, stroking the top of her head and she leaned into the touch, seeking comfort. On his left Maria had also leaned in, one small hand reaching to clutch onto his arm as if for support as she turned eyes laden with worry toward her father at the head of the table.
"They’ve been retching all morning. They’re likely contagious if they both fell ill so quickly. No one must go near them, clearly, but still somebody must. Virginia can’t afford to be down anymore staff. So I suppose that leaves playing nurse to me." she answered, sounding very proper and grown up.  It startled him, how much like Peggy she’d just sounded. It was like he'd just walked into the kitchen three years in the past, to find his wife sipping her morning tea and taking the rare moment to rest her feet while she chatted with the cook.
Wouldn’t it? Steve thought bitterly. Péter was gone. He didn’t even know where his son was right now, what right did he have to think about having
“You shouldn’t be alone.” He repeated, coming closer, wanting to touch him, make sure he was real. He didn’t do much more than shift but Tony shot him a look, so raw with pain, that, Steve paused again. Alright, slower.
"Everybody leaves us. Mama did and so did Péter. Tony and uncle Bucky have, and now Father. Nobody stays and that's fine. I don't need anybody but myself anyway because I'm not a baby like - Ouch!" James hollered as Ian reached across Artur to punch him solidly in the arm.
"Yes." The butler drew out the word. “I’m Herr Hammer, and you see, I'm afraid I've just done the floors. You wouldn't mind terribly if I asked you to use the pantry door?"
“I haven’t? Well that won’t do. You see your father has got everything planned: the time, the place, the decorations, the fireworks, but we’re light on the entertainment and Sam was just telling the captain how long it has been since he saw a good puppet show. So I said we simply must put one on for him.”
"Shut up." Steve growled, grabbing Bucky by the collar roughly until the man had silenced. If they had been boys again, knocking each other around in the back of the caravan Bucky might have taken a swing at him, but they weren't those boys anymore. There was war behind both their eyes, and the violence that slept there was not as tightly caged as either of them would have liked and not nearly so tame as it had once been.
"Why won't you dance with me?" Tony heard the boy asking as he approached, though it sounded more like a general giving commands than a true question. "Péter says you love it. He brags about how good you are. Are you still punishing me for that little joke I made about your father's friend?"
No, they couldn't be, and Deiter couldn't shake the sense of unease that had settled over him after that. Even after they'd managed to get the children sorted in the car, the luggage packed away in the trunk, and on their way that uneasiness had stayed.  The captain's car led the entourage, and Deiter drove the car with the Baroness and the children as planned, sandwiched between the other two police cars.
"Oh yes, he's a pretty one, but while you're gawking like a ninny the loaves for lunch have gone to ruin. Justin will have both our heads!"
"You're smart Tony, but some day you'll realize that no matter how smart you are... you can't control death. That's when you'll start talking to God."
“Well then you’re in luck. I might have to be an overnight chemist but I am without a doubt the best boat maker in the world.”
They’d procured a long table from somewhere and there were boxes of tools and lumber stacked haphazardly around them. The children were back in those hideous jumpers Stark had insisted were play clothes (god only knew where he’d bought them) and his own breaches were rolled up exposing his calfs. His shirt was untucked and was also baring several questionable stains. Harold, who was sat on a chair nearby happily watching the whole production, jumped up anxiously as the car rolled up the drive.
“If I don’t accept the post they’ll appoint Dittmar as Commanding-Major.” Dittmar was a good soldier but he was a poor leader. He was trigger happy and didn’t look out for the men.
“So, that means it’s not impossible… there’s a chance, isn’t there? I could discover something too?”
He did not know who the captain of their boat was, or what sort of clearances he had, but he seemed well practiced and familiar with the route.  Neither the captain nor Luzzato spoke much to any of them, and they both slept above deck despite the heavy rain. If they entered the cabin at all it was to bring food or fetch supplies. The journey only took just under a week, but with nothing to do besides sit and wait for the next meal - flat tacky bread and dried fish - it felt like a lifetime.  Poor James wasn’t the only one to catch a bought of seasickness (what with the constant rocking) but he had it by far the worst. Stefen held him on his lap, cradling him while Natacha held a bucket under him. After three days, the smell in the cabin became horrible.
But rather than announce what they’d all been hoping for weeks, that Stefen had escaped, they announced an execution date. The first of the month. Barely more than a week. That was how long Stefen had left to live. Oh god. Tony’s heart had sunk into his stomach, his chest so tight he struggled to take in his next breath as the room began to spin, his mind along with it.
Tony could have kicked himself for not recognizing the pattern for what it was. Hadn’t he and his mother been kept out of the public eye, only to be trotted out when some necessity demanded it, their lives kept largely a mystery?
But Tony was looking up at him, his eyes glinting in the moonlight. He looked like he was contemplating the stars, but he was just looking at Steve.
“Yes. Yes, thank you,” Tony babbled as the officer began to carry her down the hall and he quickly followed behind, still trying to catch his breath and make sense of things. “What happened?!”
Tony turned at the edge of the stairs and waited, one brow arched in question and Steve had the flicker of thought that though he still looked distant, there was a hint of anger beneath the coolness of his expression.
He didn’t want to face her, because he didn’t know what was on his face or in his eyes after hearing something like that, but she tugged his sleeve with two of her spotted fingers, and so bidden he turned. “Happy birthday, Antony.”
“There are so many interesting things out there. Wouldn’t you children rather learn something else?”
"Done," Tony raised the hammer and sat back on his heels, wiping his forehead. He smiled at James but rather than share in their triumph, the boy had fallen quiet again. He was staring moodily at the back of the door, finger poking the head of the nail they'd used in the bar.
It was the first time in his life that he could ever remember somebody looking at him like that, as if he were someone to be pitied. Ian titled his chin up, meeting the older man’s stare as he answered him with no hint of shame, “Yes, we came up here to start a farm down the road, but the winter has been hard. It’s just me, da and my brother. He’s got the cough though, so he had to stay home.”
, picking up on maths and sciences that Steve couldn’t even pronounce. Cheeky and resourceful like his mother. Stubborn and brave like -
Steve had always been a light sleeper (first from illness in the caravan and then drilled into him in the army) Bucky not so much. He slept like a log these days. When he did sleep.
“Stevie.” Bucky greeted again, his tone short. His lips flattened into a line and he took a breath to cool his temper. He'd never been able to stomach Steve being injured. Seemed to take it as a personal insult.
Steve was bent over the sink, his fingers stiff from the effort to hold himself up as he gripped the porcelain. He was nauseous, stomach cramping painfully in short sharp bursts.
The housekeeper swallowed thickly, mouth pressed in a tight line and Tony waited his own body stiff with tension. It was a long moment before Frau Hogan spoke again, her tone more subdued but no less stern.
“That took you ages! What happened?” Harry gripped, finally letting him go and Péter shrugged. Harry glanced over him with something like worry, gripping his shoulders as he asked after his heart. Irritated, Péter shrugged him off.
The band had wound down, giving Jann the opportunity to mingle with those who still lingered in the ballroom. She was a star here in the wolfs den, if only for the night. A pet everyone could marvel at, and then quietly fade away after collecting her pay so as not to disturb their
He’d not felt this way about anything in so long, and for every reason that it wasn’t to be he also wanted to enjoy what he could have for as long as he could have it.
"I thought I could save him." She finally admitted, swallowing down the swell of a fresh sob. No more crying. She refused to disappoint herself further by returning to tears. "But I nearly k-killed him. I'm as bad as they are. That’s why Frau Werner likes me so much. "
“What are you doing?” Tony was surprised to hear him ask after a long moment. Good, he was back with them again. Tony swung the rifle around and looked down the spine. The sleek dark wood gleamed in the sunlight as he sighted a faraway stump and answered.
The moment he said it Artur began to wiggle, his voice wobbling pathetically as he clutched at Steve’s side.
Magda quickened her step charging around the corner, following her sisters lumpy form as Ona walked into the pen.
There was an aurora of darkness about him and a moodiness in the way that he slowly appraised them both that seemed to suck the heat from the room.  Wordlessly he tossed his coat over the back of an empty armchair and stood there, like a jail warden assessing a particularly rowdy group of inmates. He hadn’t so much as looked at Tony, but with the lazer eyed stare that he was giving the captain Tony didn’t need it in writing.
Steve bit into his bread, staunchly ignoring the man. His stomach turning, whether from his injuries or from what felt strangely like guilt.
“Can I help you?” A woman had appeared at his side causing Tony to jump. Judging by her expectant look and homespun apron, the plump woman with the slight cleft in her chin must be the owner’s wife.
Steve did not know what had happened to Gustavo Pisani. Maybe he’d crossed a line with the woman and his death wasn’t connected to the other two at all; but either way the man preyed on the meek and bullied the innocent. Justice had finally caught up with him.
The residential side wasn’t much better, aside from the mob not being as thick here. Most of the Jews had been evicted from this area and forced to move elsewhere already, but the homes of the few who remained were under siege.  Furniture pulled out of houses dressed the sidewalks and here and there were prone bodies. Not many but enough.
With Tony so close he dared not say anything so he just grit his teeth and nodded, body humming with tension. He watched as Susann took charge, taking suggestions and then making her own, giving each child attention and focus, and took Tony’s shameless flirting in stride.
But Tony kept working, a clock ticking down in the back of his mind, determined not to miss the deadline. And in the quiet moments of his day when he no longer had the work to focus on or the children to distract him, he thought about how two days might as well be a raindrop in the pool of time.
Wherein the Rogers family make good on their escape, Steve continues to not be fine, Bucky and Tony continue to do their best and the children are wonderfully brave and immensely more clever than any of the adults give them credit for.
They went through wood quickly to keep the cabin warm. Tony got up one morning after some of the children had started sleeping in the loft, took a look at their dwindling pile, and decided to take Ian and Péter with him on another wood run. The first time he’d ventured outdoors for wood he had just taken Péter. The younger boys had protested the arrangement but were quickly hushed by Natacha who reminded them sternly that it wasn't a game.
Maybe he should just go. Pack a bag and slip out before the children could miss him and get on the first train toward Pola. They didn’t need him anymore. Not with a new mother on the way.
“I knew you’d come. We’re loyal dogs you and I. Let’s hope it does you better than it did me.” Dvorak began to chuckle over some private joke and Bucky narrowed his eyes at him, quickly calculating his options. There wasn’t time, and Bucky refused to leave without getting what he came for.  Grabbing him by the back of the collar Bucky hauled the other man up, ignoring the way he tripped and stumbled over his own feet as Bucky dragged him toward the wash basin sitting atop the wardrobe, where a rag and a razor had been set out. Unceremoniously he shoved Dvorak’s face down into the cold water, holding him down just long enough for the man to thrash once or twice before pulling him back up by the dark strands of his hair. Bucky repeated the process once or twice before letting the man go with a shove and stepping back, while Dvorak gasped and sputtered for breath.
He struggled to recall the details of the night as he blinked his eyes clear. The night was a smear in his mind, but slowly it came back to him. Billy had left with the book and just as they’d planned, Bucky’d left the villa not long after, leading the tail Striker had set on him on a pointless and winding chase through salzburgerland that had ended there at the inn. He'd passed out on the bed almost as soon as he'd laid eyes on it.
Tony scrubbed at the soup pot with Pepper beside him at the sink, half his attention on the kitchen door and the other half devoted to deep consideration.  The house had become a prison for all those who inhabited it. They couldn’t just sit around and wait for the Nazi’s to decide what their fate would be. The Abwehr questioned them all daily and there was no telling when one of the children would slip up and say something too revealing. It was bound to happen and he wouldn’t blame them for it when it did.
“Bucky, leave us.” The captain commanded without so much as glancing at the man, who snapped his mouth shut and put up no further argument.
“That’s one hood I wouldn’t mind getting a peek under,” Tony replied with a smirk of his own, and Stefen made an impatient sound under his breath before he began herding the children into the back. The rear seat was long enough to fit the four children comfortably, which left Tony and Stefen to cram in next to Carol in the front. Which was her real name as it turned out, a fact that she informed them of almost as soon as they were safely ensconced within the vehicle and roaring down the quiet streets of Old Nice.
Bucky opened his mouth to answer but Natacha beat him to it. Not looking up from her magazine she turned a page and answered tonelessly, “He’s walking in the garden with Father.”
“None of us were sure when you’d be back, but she made me promise to give this to you.” The blond was saying, her eyes round and soft with sympathy as she looked at Péter, who was holding a wrinkled envelope in his hands, staring at it as if it were a summons to the gallows.
Maria opened her mouth to protest but was distracted by a sudden shriek from Artur. Tony looked over that way, just to be sure no one was drowning, to find Artur gesturing wildly with excitement. Péter could be heard telling him to hold whatever it was he had gripped in his hands still.
“The Captain. I don’t judge. I hardly could – ask anyone – I never was good at holding the commandments, especially that one about drunkenness. Though you mustn’t fret about that either, I wouldn’t attempt to drink and manage children at the same time. I simply mean that I understand how such a loss could drive a man to drink.”
“Children,” Steve began, voice loud in the quiet room and Bucky leaned back in his chair, cursing under his breath. “I hurt your tutor. I did not mean too but...”
“Are you having an affair with Stark?” Charlotte snapped, curling her hands tightly into fists and hiding them in her lap as she turned to stare at him. She refused to hide from it. She was not a fool and she would not be played like one.
Locked within the chest there was a worn satchel made of colorful silk, tied closed with string. There was a faint scent clinging to it that Tony couldn’t place, a perfume slowly fading but preserved within the tight confines of the chest. Inside the bag was a strange assortment of small gold coins, flattened thin with holes drilled near their tops. Tony ran his fingers over them, intrigued. They reminded him of countless pictures he’d seen drawn in books, of dancing gypsy girls decked out in glittering coins. Maybe there was some truth to those old conceptions, if Stefen had them. Or maybe it was just a rainy-day fund for all Tony knew.  Putting the mystery aside, he gently replaced the bag and continued on his search.
"It should make me feel better hearing that from a man of God. Shouldn't it?" She chuckled under her breath, admitting wryly before she turned away, “Then again. I never found much comfort in religion."
Steve frowned as Artur coughed, blinking sleepily up at him from where he rested against the rim of the tub. Despite the soothing heat of the water the rattling cough had not completely subsided, though the wheezing was thankfully less audible.
“He was a professor of mine, briefly, and one of the greatest Physicists of our time,” Tony replied sadly, old memories he’d not thought to dust off in years trickling through the back of his mind like whispers.
“Hate to say it, but I agree with Stark. This isn’t our problem. You’ve got trained people for this Coulson.”
“Yep,” Péter answered as Tony returned. He shook his head like a dog and sent water flying every which way. He winced apologetically when he realized how he’d sprayed Tony and shyly reached for the offered towel. “It’s how we played tricks on the governesses. Artur can make it with a whole jar of beetles in his hand.”
When they finally made it back to the townhouse Tony did not wait to be asked to see to getting the children tucked into bed. He did not need his role spelled out for him.
What was more, Tony believed in his own cleverness. Between Stefen’s good and Tony’s shrewder nature he was sure they would be able to rescue Stefen’s friends from Dachau and get the family to safety in Switzerland before things got too much hotter here. And Tony did mean all of them.
Ian knew that wasn't true, but whatever father had in him that made him the way he was, he didn't want it. Ian knew this without a doubt because sometimes, sometimes he felt it was in him too. No one wanted to feel trapped in their head… but sometimes it was hard not to be.
The woman, whoever she was, wore a swastika proudly emblazoned on the sash she wore. She involved in the Reich in some fashion or another, and she was looking at Tony as if she could see right through his clothes and under his skin, her eyes narrowing on him in speculation. It was difficult for Tony to resist the urge to reach inside his shirt and clutch protectively at the coins he wore.
Pietro, who had already finished the process himself, was sitting perched upon a stool nearby, silently watching as his sister’s dark locks of hair were transformed into dark stringy blond. Neither child had spoken since Tony had gone to fetch them from the attic, still horribly shaken by the afternoons events.
“For God's sake Stefen, let the man look at you. Let someone!" Baroness Schrader snapped, her composure slipping as she caught Rogers flailing hand and clutched it desperately. "Because I swear on my life, I’m not going to look those darling children in the eye and tell them you died because your pride wouldn’t let you see a doctor!”
“They should be in the school room,” he replied reaching for the whistle tucked into his breast pocket in order to call for them. Normally he wouldn’t interrupt their lessons but he couldn’t bring himself to wait.
“On the contrary. All those cushions and nothing to do but pray all day has taught me to love learning.”
Yinsen had taken his own life in prison. Or so they had said. Tony had never really believed it. He’d seen the way those policemen had beaten him. It would surprise him if Yinsen had even made it to prison still breathing.
He let a hand ghost over Ian’s chest, sliding over skin that was familiar in sight but so long untouched that it felt new, until he reached the boy’s sides.
"Oh I wouldn't father, only Frauline Werner insists that a girl my age should know how to formally address people. You have no brothers, and she insisted that to still call him uncle despite our lack of blood relation was childish. I'll admit I was very embarrassed. Though..." Natacha sighed wistfully, her blue eyes round with innocence as she turned them on Bucky, beseeching, "Though it feels wrong to call you Herr Bakhuizen, doesn't it? As if we were not as close as family? I just don't think I could get used to it, though I will if I must."
They were an odd family of a sort. Weiss had a place here, as did Pepper. So where did that leave Tony? He ate with the children now due to the captain’s absence but what about when he returned?
“I’d still rather have a dog,” Ian mumbled into the stark silence within the car, and it was silent a moment more before Tony started to laugh and Charlotte cracked, covering her mouth with her gloved hands as her shoulders began to shake.
Inexplicably, when Steve squared his shoulders and thrust his hand toward Bahkizen, the man took it, pulling Steve marginally closer to himself as the captain leaned down to whisper something solely for his ears. Bucky nodded firmly just the once and stepped away. And that was it.
“I want to.” Steve insisted, his fingers digging into Tony’s thighs insistently and Tony let the sentence fall with a shuddered sigh as Steve pulled him in again, slower this time, until the tip was all the way in.
“Bullshit.” Bucky finally broke the stillness with a bark of disbelief. Tony was in full agreement. It was mad to even suggest that Hitler’s War Book would be sitting there in the room with them, all of his secret plans and strategies mapped out in one location. That book, wherever it was, was probably more heavily guarded than the Führer’s person!
Until then, Tony had agreed, and then Isiah had gone, taking the last of Tony’s blood with him but not his family.
In a compromise, Sunday morning found them all in a little clearing not far from the city setting up cans and bottles with the older boys. James was practically humming with excitement as Stefen knelt in front of him to help him adjust his grip. Tony watched the pair nervously. He didn’t think the boy was old enough to be lumped with the older set. He’d tried every argument he could think of for leaving the rambunctious child back at the house. There was no arguing with Stefen once he’d set his mind to something and despite the boy's disjointed schedule, somehow he’d arranged it so that he still managed to leave the house with all his boys save Artur.
“Oh and you brought the children! You really should have told me you were coming I would have closed up.” Addressing Natacha and Péter directly she smiled warmly at them and said, “I haven’t seen either of you since you were just babies. You probably don’t remember me. I’m Susann Richter.”
"I don’t know what to make of you, Stefen. We’ve hardly spoken in weeks and the next thing I know you're asking for my hand. I thought you cared for me, at least a little, but it's all rather strange when I'm treated like a distraction."
Best leave the heroics to the fighting men went unsaid. Tony chafed at the implication, but Stefen's eyes begged him to relent, begged him not to push; but it wasn't that in the end that made Tony back down.
“Tony!” Artur’s insistent whine jarred him out of his thoughts. He jumped, turning to look in the back seat, where five of his six charges were crammed and eyeing him curiously.
"Tony!” Steve thundered, out of patience. “We are not doing this again. Péter is not going to that school, it’s impossible." Tony had no idea what delicate balance he threatened to upset. Schmidt still had to be handled damn it, Steve couldn’t just yank Péter out of the HJ on a dime without consequences.
“I know it will work! Don’t try and change the subject. You pull another stunt like that, I swear Stevie I will shoot you myself!”
"I wouldn’t waste my breath, trying to convince you not to stick your neck out against impossible odds. I'm trying to convince you to do it with some intelligence!” He snapped. “Any number of things could go wrong in a thirty-minute time window, and they'll be after you regardless as soon as someone notices three prisoners missing! They'll set up road blocks. They'll gun you down. You can't possibly hope to make it by road. "
“Herr Stark, Herr Stark! You have to come. Come on!” Ian fell against the door as he shouted, waving frantically at them both and Tony’s heart leaped into his throat. He was demanding to know what had happened even as he and Natacha went rushing for the door.
"Though I must say, I was tempted to believe that you were done with me already when you were so cold to me."
Heart thumping, Steve thought that maybe it wasn’t a bad idea to take the pills. Maybe if he took some he would stop thinking about home. It would almost be worth it.
Ian sat up slowly and looked around, relieved to find that the sled had stopped up against a tree a few feet up the slope. He got up, shaking the snow off as best he could and trudged over to inspect it for damage. It looked alright to him. He’d tied the sacks with his supplies down extra tight and was relieved to find them all still there.
Stefen wrapped an arm around her waist and kissed the side of her brow, and even though it was perfunctory she smiled. Feelings would come in their own time. It was that way with men sometimes.
"Do you think the children would enjoy a trip into town today?" Stefen asked after a moment more and Tony’s heart thudded at the unexpected question. Eyes darting to the captain, who kept his gaze trained strictly ahead, Tony searched his expression for some hint that he’d heard correctly. When nothing else came he swallowed.
While Tony had never known the taste of victory to be anything but sweet he had learned quickly and early on that, however sweet it could sometimes be, it could be just as fleeting. Such was the case that evening, when the captain had departed with a stiffness in his step and left Tony with seven pairs of assessing eyes looking up at him from little faces.
“As a picture,” Bucky reassured her with a tap to the nose. He had not missed the unusual informality between Tony and the children, odd for someone so new in their life and an authority at that. He wasn’t sure yet if he like it.
For the time being. Because now that the suspicion was there, Tony knew that he would never be able to let it lie. If Obi really had betrayed them Tony would make him pay, and then he’d take back his company; but to do any of that he had to live. If he couldn’t go to Obadiah then Tony was left with very few options.
She nearly got caught by Vreni leaving father’s room. The laundry maid was carrying a big stack of folded clothes in one hand and dragging the trunks Frau Hogan always used for the little girls when they traveled. She was looking over her shoulder, ear cocked for Julia’s voice as the head house maid shouted instructions up the stairs, so she didn’t see Natacha and bumped right into her as she stepped into the hall.
“You believe your father should be institutionalized?” The agent asked sounding skeptical. A tear slipped down her cheek and Natacha dashed it away.
But that sound - Stefen was choking - that sound was him choking, and much like the way he came in Tony was darting forward at the realization without any command from his body.
Yes. Tony understood that he must be seen as available to women, and that Stefen especially had a role to play in the propaganda of what good men with happy homes looked like in Hitler’s Germany. Yes, he understood intellectually that with a war on their doorstep, one little woman holding his lovers hand was nothing. But alas, it did not feel like nothing. It felt like a very big, and very hungry, something in his chest that he could not shake loose.
Stark kept his eyes on Steve but leaned a little to the side to answer James, his voice carrying softly across the table as he spoke and Bucky clenched his fist in his lap, ready to jump in should Stark forget himself.
And Tony hoped that Stefen could see that where they were was so much better than where they’d come from, and how things could get better for him and the children still.
"Alright. Fuck. Just let go of me. I hate that I can't shove your head in a bush anymore when you get too big for yourself."
“I know. That’s really the point.” Stefen answered, releasing a small huff of breath as Tony lifted one leg in an attempt to slide off the boot, his brow furrowed in thought as he considered the captains words, as well as the well of deep regret he’d spoken them with.
"Obviously not bunny rabbits. Why don't you and I make sure we’ve got enough wood bambina while your Uncle Bucky gets the meat prepared?"
“Plan Z. I see you already know about it.” Tony smiled at him to soften the teasing and Steve swallowed thickly. Hands almost shaking with shock. He was holding Plan Z. Hitler’s plans for the naval force were in his hands.
And to the amazement of all they complied with near perfect obedience (Sara refused to end her goodbye hug and sniffled when Frau Hogan finally pried her away). Hammer did not look at all pleased, though Tony didn’t know whether that had more to do with his behavior, the children’s, or the likelihood that one day Weiss would have to return and the house would celebrate it (he suspected the latter). The butler gave Tony a sour look before departing a stiff farewell to the captain and marching even more stiffly after Frau Hogan and the children.
Every mile that stretched between home and Munich seemed to crawl by. Tony found himself emptying his head of all thought the only way he knew how, which was to focus on his memories.
Outside the door he took a deep breath. Thinking to himself that this was the moment of truth. There was a slight margin for error in the measurements but only slight. Too much difference and he risked damaging the lock or getting the damn key stuck, and he’d have a hard time explaining that one! Despite his fears, the key slid inside the lock seamlessly and turned with only slight resistance. Tony breathed a sigh of relief as the levers shifted with a few graceful turns and the door creaked open.
And Dvořák felt sorry for him, he really did. He couldn’t imagine living his life like a baser animal, with only sub desires to guide you through a world meant for intellectuals like him.
“Listen, I'm going to get you more codeine. Do not move. Understand? When you wake up I'll reapply the powder to your bruises but until then...”
It wasn't going to be as easy as all that and they both knew it, but Bucky had years of practice telling the women in his life that he'd be back and all would be well as he left them behind him.  His mother. Rochel. Laura.
Footsteps sounded on the path and Steve glanced up to watch Péters approach, memorizing every last detail of the way he looked with his brown hair streaked with summer sun and his knees bobbing beneath his brown shorts. He couldn't say when his shoulders had widened like that or his arms gotten such definition, but it was all there in the details. A young man had taken the place of his little boy – the knock kneed little imp Peggy had called her gyspy boy, always climbing over the furniture and attempting to fly, confident that his father would be there to catch him - but as much as Steve wanted that boy back, he would never trade the man Péter was becoming.
There was no swaying her. He heard it in every word she spoke. She wouldn’t leave home, not for Stanislov’s threats and not for the threat of all of Germany bearing down on them.
Bakhuizen placed a hand over the boy’s mouth, muffling his words and shook his head with exasperation.
. If I became a political prisoner or was handed over to the German authorities where would that leave you?”
Tony had forgotten that the phone in the dayroom was an older model without a dial, but anxious to reach the Captain before he might leave his rooms he sighed, fetching the ear peace off the cradle and taking the seat beside the table while he waited to be connected to the operator.
Steve really should have known better than to ignore his instincts. Tony had seemed so sure that the Navy had given up the idea of recruiting him, but Steve had damn well known better. He knew how armies worked and Stark Industries was too valuable and too heavily depended upon for the success of Plan Z for the matter to die so easily.
Every move they made was watched and Steve did not put it above Striker to intervene if word got out too early that Steve was planning on sending the children abroad.
Stefen’s breathing hitched in the dark and Tony smiled. Then Stefen was tugging him upward and Tony went, getting as smoothly to his feet as he could with his unattended erection still throbbing between his legs. When he was standing once more, Stefen kissed him breathless.
“Get rid of these.” Stefen commanded shortly, eyes holding Hammer’s like darts to a board and the man just stood there, pale and stunned. Stefen didn’t wait for the man to collect his wits, turning sharply on his heel and marching toward the kitchen on a mission.
“And you climbed up here?!” he demanded disbelievingly as he rushed into the bathroom to collect towels for the shivering adolescent. Boy Péter might not have looked like much what with the skinniness and the spectacles but the child must have had incredible strength and dexterity to manage that in a rainstorm. He might even have rivaled Clinton in climbing ability, though Tony almost didn’t dare to think it. His heart was palpating enough as it was.
Steve blinked crusted eyes open and they watered against the cold air. He pushed past the discomfort and forced himself to look around, wincing as his neck screamed at him. He was in a pen of some sort within a barn. He was right up against the side of the pen, so he figured he’d been secured to one of the posts. Thick wood but possibly breakable given enough effort. The barn itself was small and compact with reasonable equipment. And tools. Steve twisted, trying to get a better look, banging his knee and grunting sharply at the resulting pain.
“And this is how you plan to show it?” he entreated and Steve jerked as if Tony had shot him, staring down at him with naked surprise, like Tony had caught him undressing and Tony’s mouth tilted toward a soft smile, even though his chest felt weighted.
“Stefen!” She said again and there was a wobble in her voice that turned Natacha’s stomach into knots.
Tony had no idea what could possess the boy to behave in such a way, especially towards Maria whom he normally seemed so close with, but all he could think about as he grabbed the boy by the waist and yanked him away from his sister was the terror in Maria’s eyes.
