“I’ve looked for you for months. I can’t believe I finally found you,” Dean said. He stared at Cas, afraid that if he looked away, it would be a dream, and he would wake up and be all alone.
“We wouldn’t miss it for the world,” Ellen replied. She turned and pulled Cas into a hug. “Glad to see you two boys finally worked things out between you.”
“No,” Meg said. “You are. Your sacrifice, trying to protect the unicorn, caused him to turn and fight the Red Bull. Without your death, the unicorn would have had nothing to fight for and would have been driven into the sea. But instead, he stood and fought, driving the Bull into the ocean and allowing the unicorns to run free. You helped him finish his quest, and you broke the curse on the castle as was prophesized.”
The blonde pointed to the stick and held his hand out. Castiel passed it over and watched as the human wrote something in the sand as well. When the man was done, he repeated the same motions that Cas had. He leaned forward and saw a single word written in the sand:
As they trailed behind Jo, Cas saw a man standing next to the cash register. He couldn’t help but notice how handsome the man was. He was tall, probably taller than Cas’ own six feet, and had dirty blonde hair, a strong jaw, and luscious lips. Cas felt his heart rate accelerate, and his mouth went dry as he continued to stare at the man. The man was looking at them and graced them with a dazzling smile. Cas gulped and quickly dropped his gaze. He felt a blush spreading across his cheeks, and he cursed his social awkwardness. The guy was just being polite, and Cas couldn’t even return the smile. He didn’t look up until he and Jack were seated at a booth, and by then, the stranger was gone.
Cas returned the kiss and blinked his eyes, trying to clear them of sleep. “Hello Dean. I must confess my apologies for falling asleep. I didn’t realize I was so tired.”
“Well, yes and no. You see, your Dean is human. If you want to make him a siren like you, then there is nothing I can do. Sirens have magic running through their veins, that’s what gives you your song. I cannot create magic and therefore cannot turn Dean into a siren,” the witch described.
“How about we leave this place?” Meg asked. She touched Dean and Sam’s shoulders and had Eileen wrap an arm around Sam’s waist. With a few muttered words, they were lifting into the air as light as a feather. In seconds they were settling softly on the top of the cliff, all surprised when their feet touched green grass instead of brown dirt. The cliffside, which had been scarred and desolate when the castle stood upon it, was now green and speckled with different colors from where flowers had magically blossomed. Over three dozen trees now grew in clusters, and from them emerged a few horses. One was a great black mare, one a smaller tan mare, and the other two were brown geldings.
Cas rubbed at his eyes tiredly. Getting Dean to make new friends would be a good thing for him. He would need their support when Cas’ grace finally snuffed out. Maybe if Dean and Benny hung out more, Benny could introduce Dean to even more people. Cas wasn’t sure he would be very good at finding more friends for his charge. He picked his book up and started to read some more.
Their tongues touched cautiously until Cas grew more comfortable and Dean started exploring the steamy cauldron of Cas’ mouth. He felt him shiver with pleasure and then Caa was reciprocating too, sliding his tongue into Dean’s mouth.
Dean scoffed. “It’s fine, Cas. I get it. We’re just friends.” He jerked out of Cas’ grip and headed to his room.
Cas tried to move but his limbs were still leaden, but Dean didn’t mind moving him to his liking. He slid a pillow under Cas’ hips, exposing his rim. Dean slid three fingers back inside, ensuring that his boyfriend was still loose. Once satisfied, he pulled out and squirted lube onto his cock. He spread Cas’ legs and scooted forward positioning the tip of his dick at Cas’ entrance.
Meg held her chin in her hand as she thought. She finally let out a heavy sigh before answering, “Truthfully, I have heard so much about the Red Bull that none of it can possibly be true. For every story I’ve heard, there is another one that contradicts it. I heard that the Bull is real, but another story said the Bull is a ghost. One story said the Bull was created by a witch’s spell, while another says King Winchester himself is the Bull. I’ve heard that the Bull has always inhabited this land, and I’ve also heard that the Bull followed Winchester here. Some say the Bull protects the king, and others say that the Bull keeps him prisoner in his own castle. So, you see, I know nothing about the Bull. I’m sorry, my friend.”
“We can go visit your brother whenever you want. I love this forest, and it’s my home, but I won’t keep you from seeing him,” Cas said.
Dean pulled away and wiped at his eyes. His hands were trembling so badly he was barely able to sign. It took him nearly half an hour to get through his story. When he was done, he fell back into Mary’s embrace.
Cas didn’t have to say anything. Dean knew how much Cas hated when he had to travel for business and was forced to stay away from their family. Dean hated it just as much. He would never ask Sam to travel so far away especially with the twins still being so young. It had taken him and Eileen three years to finally get pregnant and he wouldn’t pull Sam away from the joys of fatherhood.
Cas sat quietly and listened to Dean talk. He knew all of this of course but if talking about his past would help Dean, then so be it. He took a small sip of the water to keep up the appearance of being human.
“Meg, leave the skull,” Castiel said softly. “You got it to talk. Maybe that’s all you need for this riddle you’re trying to solve. If all you’re going to do is argue with it, I’m going to find Dean.”
Dean nodded his head in thanks before they walked out the shop. They walked around a little while longer and ended up buying a few necessities such as socks and underwear. Cas even picked out a couple of sweats and pajama shorts to wear around the house. Once they were done with all their shopping, they walked out to Baby and headed home. They picked up a pizza to eat for lunch.
A pair of arms snuck around Cas’ waist and Dean propped his chin on Cas’ shoulder. “I hope you like it baby. I know it isn’t a boat in the middle of the lake, but I hope it comes close.” Cas turned in Dean’s arms. Dean froze when he saw the tears staining Cas’ cheeks. “Shit, you’re crying. Here I try and do something nice and of course I fuck it…”
With a final goodbye and a pat to her head, the leopard shark swam off back into the kelp. The two men watched her until she disappeared. Dean checked his watch and was astounded to see they had been swimming for hours. He told Cas that they should head back. It had been a while since Dean had gone diving for so long and grew tired on the trip back to the boat. They surfaced and Dean took his scuba tank off before Cas scooped him up in his arms and propelled them forwards with powerful strokes of his tail.
Dean contemplated the idea, “You know, that sounds like a good idea. I’ll talk to Sam about it. Thanks Cas.”
Jack and Michael disappeared with a flap of wings and Sam walked down the hallway to his room. Dean headed back to his bedroom and quickly packed a bag, not really caring what clothes he grabbed. Once he was down, he started walking towards the garage. He stopped when he passed by Cas’ bedroom. He pushed the door open slowly before walking inside.
Emotion clogged Dean’s throat, and he could do nothing more than surge forward and press his lips against Cas’. The kiss was everything Dean had imagined and more. All the pent up love the two had felt came spilling forth as their lips moved gently against each other. Cas’ hands came up to cradle Dean’s head, angling it slightly so that he could deepen the kiss. When Cas’ tongue licked across the seam of Dean’s mouth, he didn’t hesitate to let Cas in. Cas explored every inch of Dean’s mouth he could reach, his touches soft and tender. Dean did his own exploring, his touches just as gentle. They finally pulled away, gasping for breath, but they kept their foreheads resting against one another.
Kevin, who had been leaning over the counter reading a book, jumped to attention. “Oh, hey, Cas. Everything is going well. That shipment of bestsellers you were waiting on came in. I can set them up on the advertising table if you want? Also, Jack’s books came in. He ran in a few minutes earlier and headed straight for the back, so I’m sure he’s found them by now.”
“Dean, it really is alright. Like I said, we can get it fixed up together. I haven’t had any kind of shelter over my head for a while so anything is better than nothing at this point. I just appreciate the kind offer,” Cas said as he hurried to catch up with Dean.
The two made their way to the kitchen, and Dean was surprised to see Eileen sitting at the table alone. He headed to the coffee pot and poured a cup of the hot liquid before joining Eileen at the table. “Where’s Sam?”
Dean saw red as he lurched to his feet. He dropped the coat on the table and stormed towards the archangel. He had both fists twisted up in his shirt and the angel slammed against the wall as he growled, “YOU SON OF A BITCH! You said you could bring him back!”
“Oh yes, the Red Bull, the Red Bull,” Eileen said merrily. “Chuck is petrified of this mythical Bull! We’ve been near this forest for so long; I’m wondering if this Bull isn’t just another name for Chuck’s own cowardice.” She looked at Chuck with a haughty smirk. “When was the last time you left this camp? You send your men far and wide to do your dirty work.”
As the unicorn continued to stare at the decrepit figure, he felt the cold from the cage creep into his bones and crawl over his skin. He grew limp and feeble, his legs barely able to support his weight. His skin grayed and wrinkled, his mane and tail thinned into straggly pieces, his body became gaunt as his beauty left him with each breath he took. His mind became cloudy, and he could barely recall a single event of his life. He glanced at Ammit and would rather have his heart judged by the demoness than stare at Maya for a second longer.
Meg turned her back on the skull, a small grin on her face. She mumbled something over the bottle before saying, “You understand, even if I do turn the water into wine, it won’t have much taste. It will be weak at best. Besides, I have to make the wine drink itself, not give it to a skull.”
“I saved Castiel’s mother when she was almost raped by some assholes in a bar when she came on land looking for a mate. She was hurt pretty badly because it was a gang who attacked her, so I brought her to Mary to help take care of her,” Bobby explained.
Dean took the carrots from his brother and stirred them into the boiling pot. “No, I have not. I have decided to quit pursuing his company and his heart. It is obvious he will never care for a lowly soldier such as myself. I will continue to serve him, but I will do it anonymously. I shall never trouble him again, for that is his wish.” As an afterthought, Dean added, “I may write him a poem and slip it under his door, but he will never know who it came from.”
“Yes! God yes, please, need more,” Dean babbled as he threw his head back as his veins were already turning to molten lava.
In half the time it took to get to Rowena’s, Cas and Spot entered a familiar kelp forest. They said their goodbyes before she disappeared into the tall stalks and Cas continued swimming. He didn’t stop until he spotted his cave on the beach. He quickly swam forward and pulled himself out the water so he could transform. He made sure to erase his tracks before hurrying up to the cave. He rushed inside and came to a complete stop when he saw someone sitting against the cave wall, wrapped in a blanket, and holding a familiar stuffed shark in their hands.
Cas nodded and headed back to the kitchen to dump the rest of the beer. Dean walked into the kitchen once he heard the bottle being dropped in the garbage. He headed to the fridge and growled.
Cas thought. He continued to stare at Dean, a large gummy smile on his face. “You called out to me, Dean, what else can I say? I knew you needed help and I knew I could be the one to help you.”
Cas frowned and then realized something. He stuck two fingers in his mouth and sucked on them until he pulled them away, soaked in his saliva. He held his slick fingers in front of Dean. “We have all the supplies we need. Please Dean,” Cas begged with a puppy dog face.
For the rest of the day, the butterfly traveled with the unicorn, singing songs and repeating poems and stories he had heard during his travels. As the chill of the night started setting in, the unicorn looked at his companion and said, “Farewell, butterfly. I hope you hear many more songs and poems. Fly away before the cold freezes your wings.”
“No. The curse that was set upon the castle also kept the land barren. Now that it is gone, the kingdom is being restored to what it’s supposed to be. It’s aided even further by all the unicorns who have passed through here. You and Sam shall rule over a wondrous kingdom indeed,” Meg explained. “Your part of the prophecy has also been fulfilled.”
“I suppose I might still ride out from time to time. I won’t do it to capture Cas’ attention as before, but when you get used to being a hero, it’s kind of hard to stop.” Dean turned back to his pot, trying to hide the blush on his cheeks.
Meg was most surprised by the disappointment she saw in Eileen’s eyes. Had Eileen thought of her as something more than just some cheap entertainment? Anger and a desperate desire to please the woman suddenly filled Meg. She closed her eyes and reached for her magic deep inside her core. Meg held her hands out and whispered, “Magic, do as you will. Magic, do as you will.”
Dean read over the advertisement before letting it drop to the table. “Benny is looking for a repairman for the apartment complex; what does that have to do with me?”
Crowley glared at the woman before him. “Hmph, and what if it was your stomach she wanted? Would you be so quick to appease her?”
He patted her neck as she started walking out the courtyard back to the inn. He would need to grab his supplies and gear from his room before starting on his journey to the outskirts of Crowley’s kingdom. He knew the area well and internally moaned at the five-day journey ahead of him. He decided to stop by the marketplace as well to stock up on provisions.
Dean pulled up Netflix and showed Cas how to work the remote. He spent a good ten minutes going through all the different programs that the streaming service had to offer. When he finally picked a movie, he heard Dean groan in his head.
Charlie set the box on the table and lifted the lid to reveal two dozen cupcakes. A dozen of them were orange in color with bright yellow icing and car-shaped sprinkles. Another six were chocolate with pink icing with white flakes sprinkled on top. The last six cupcakes were yellow with purple icing and had little bee-shaped candies on top.
Sunlight filtered through the curtains, bathing the bedroom in soft yellow and rousing Dean from his slumber. He blinked his eyes slowly, taking his time waking from his pleasant dreams. He sighed sleepily and stretched his arms above his head, his back popping multiple times. He rolled over and smiled, seeing his soulmate dozing peacefully.
“Dean is right. They are here, and you have chosen to bring them into your service. Who cares what you see in their eyes?” Sam said.
Dean and Cas’ cheeks turned a dark shade of red before all three burst into laughter. Yeah, Sam’s visit was going to be awesome!
They quickly fell into a routine. Dean returned to work a few days later, eager to get back to his research. He hated leaving Cas, but he had to make money somehow. During the day, Cas would stay with Mary or Ellen and they would practice sign language with him. He was now able to have entire conversations through signing and was learning more every day. Sam would pick Cas up on his way home from college. He had been teaching Cas how to read and write and just like with sign language, he soaked up the knowledge like a sponge.
Dean looked over his shoulder at Cas. “I’m sorry,” he mouthed. Cas’ eyes were swimming with fear and Dean could see the tremors that wracked his body. He wouldn’t let Cas come to any harm.
As he stepped onto the concrete outside the club, he took a deep breath of fresh air trying to cleanse his muddled brain. He fought back the whine rushing up his throat when Cas removed his fingers. He couldn’t understand why such a small touch had felt so good especially when it came from another guy.
Dean was leaning away from him, doing his best to keep his eyes averted. His lips were a deep red from biting on them. He reached out and gently pushed Cas’ hand into his lap and pulled his skirt down, covering his cock.
“That’s none of your business knight. I’m not paying you to ask questions, I’m paying you to get rid of dragons,” the king snapped.
“Yeah, Cas and I will make sure to. Thank you for coming. And, thanks for everything else too,” Dean added.
Crowley walked up to his mother, a smirk still on his face. He looked back at Ammit’s cage and shuddered. “You need to get rid of that demoness. I could feel the bars quaking tonight, Mother. Get rid of her before she steals our hearts and leaves our mangled bodies behind.”
“Yay,” Jack cried. He grabbed Cas’ hand and rushed out of his room, his dad stumbling behind him. Jack threw the front door open and sprinted down the stairs, eagerly jumping into the snow, his eyes growing big as it crunched underneath his feet and stuck to his clothes. He grabbed handfuls of the snow and threw it above his head, watching in wonder as it fell around him. “Look, Daddy, I’m making it snow!”
Michael smiled but it didn’t reach his eyes. “Yes, but you’re still an angel so I am still your superior.”
Dean wiped at his eyes, refusing to start crying early. “Well, it is Sammy. We gotta get used to it.”
Castiel growled. “Dammit Dean, I’m not a damn virgin as you very well know. Prep me and fuck me, it’s been six weeks. I need you,” he demanded.
When Eileen hugged Cas, and they started signing, everyone was surprised. He had blushed and explained how he took it in college as an elective, and it wasn’t that big of a deal. Sam had squeezed his shoulder and said, “It means more than you know.”
“Trust me, honeybee, you’ve definitely changed me for the better,” Dean replied before he slammed his lips against Cas’.
Meg glanced at the chimp and scoffed. “The stronger the belief in the creature, the stronger Rowena’s magic. Most of these creatures are far outside the peasants’ beliefs, but bigfoots are creatures that every child and adult has knowledge of. Very few people have heard of Fenrir or a chimera, but there isn’t a person alive who hasn’t heard of a bigfoot. Rowena’s magic is built around someone else’s belief. If these people lost their wide-eyed wonder, Rowena’s magic would fade, and they would all see what was truly in the cages.”
As Cas changed the sheets on the bed, his mind was consumed with thoughts of what had transpired this day. He had chosen to walk the path that would lead to him Falling and surprisingly, he didn’t miss Heaven. He had always been more at home walking amongst the humans than he had with his own kind. He also knew that he needed to focus on Dean and not himself. Healing Dean would be no easy feat and there were multiple issues in his life that needed to be dealt with.
The siren’s looks were another unique feature of his. His messy black hair and blue eyes were common enough, but his tail was not. Like most of his kind, Castiel had a tail that resembled a shark’s. What was not like his kind, however, was his coloring. Sirens typically had tails that were a variation of gray or blue and were one color from waist to tip. Castiel’s tail, however, was a light bronzy gray with large black oval spots running down the back of his tail. It was also coated in hundreds of smaller black spots like a Dalmatian.
“Why? Why the hell would you tell a stranger that our dad beat the shit out of me because I got caught with a guy,” Dean exclaimed, betrayal swimming in his eyes.
Cas squeezed Dean’s shoulder. “We’ll get it fixed, don’t worry. Baby steps Dean. Focus on the small things instead of the larger picture. Splitting things into smaller chunks is much more manageable than trying to fix everything at once. You have a good list so why don’t we work on getting those things fixed? When that list is done, we can figure out what still needs to be done and go from there.”
The unicorn sighed, his tail swishing back and forth. “I can feel sorrow, but we both know that’s not the same thing. It was a gruesome death, and perhaps Rowena deserved less, but that is behind us now.”
She chuckled. “I didn’t think anybody could be less of a morning person than Dean, but it seems I was mistaken. Go enjoy another cup of coffee. The museum doesn’t open until nine anyway.”
“Oh, congratulations, honey,” Mary exclaimed, wrapping her arms around Dean’s shoulders. Dean felt tears running down his cheeks as he returned the embrace.
Cas sucked at Dean’s neck for another second before pulling away, creating much needed space between their bodies. He admired the fresh hickey on Dean’s skin and couldn’t help but reach out and run his fingers across it. Dean shivered as it shot pinpricks of pain through his nerves.
Dean quickly divested Cas of his shirt and enjoyed his own exploration of his lover’s body. Cas wasn’t as muscular as Dean, but he was lithe and tone. Even though he was no longer an angel, he still had a great deal of strength, especially now that he and Sam went to the gym three times a week. Dean loved to reap the rewards, finding it a huge turn on when Cas picked him up and tossed him onto the bed.
“Oh,” Cas moaned as he was stretched by the additional digit and pleasure rushed through his body. He pushed back against the fingers invading his body, hoping it would speed up progress. He stilled when he heard a growl.
Cas pulled his boxers off before pushing Dean gently onto the blankets. He straddled Dean’s hips and trailed featherlight touches down his lover’s chest to his belly. He tickled the soft spot above Dean’s hips, earning a soft chuckle. “I love hearing your laugh. You hardly ever did it when we were hunting. Now I get to hear it every day.”
Castiel closed his eyes, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. It wasn’t really a choice at all. He opened his eyes, staring directly into Michael’s. “I choose… Dean.”
“Now, we’re going to move our arms up and down while moving our legs outwards and then closing them back together,” Cas explained, making the motions so Jack could understand what he was saying.
Once he was done with his call, he asked Cas if he wanted to go swimming in his pool. Castiel eagerly accepted, and Dean set a world record in changing into a pair of swim trunks. Once they were outside, Cas suddenly got very shy. He stood on the porch and kept looking around, refusing to go any further.
Dean broke the kiss with a gasp as he stared at the black feathers. “Cas?” He whimpered. With a shout, he suddenly bent over, cradling his head between his hands.
“I wish I could have had more time with you boys. I wish I had a chance to do a lot of things differently,” Mary said.
Sam chuckled, proud of his brother for standing up to their father. He stared at the figures and took notice of the woman wearing a tattered dress. While she was weary and haggard from her travels, Sam could make out the beauty hidden beneath the dirt and grime. The other woman seemed young in appearance, but she carried herself like the weight of the world rested on her shoulders. “While Dean might find the cloaked man appealing, I can’t say one of the women hasn’t caught my eyes. The woman in the dress is far more beautiful than what she looks. The woman wearing breeches may be a minstrel or a player of some sort. We need to offer them a room for at least a night. They all seem in need of a bath and a good meal.”
Cas snorted. “Trust me; it won’t do any good. Gabe is in his own little world, and nobody is pulling him out of it. He’s got a generous heart and cares about Jack and me, so I can’t be too mad at him. He’s the only one who supported me with Ellie, publishing my books, and even moving here. Gabe was the only thing that kept me in Arizona for so long. I wish he would move closer; it’s not like he has any love for our family. He even called Michael a great big bag of dicks one time. I wish I could have captured a picture of Michael’s face because I thought a blood vessel was going to pop.”
After his chat with Cas, Dean went to find Sam. They spent the rest of the day putting the finishing touch on the rest of their orders. All of them were scheduled to be picked up the following day and then the brothers had planned on taking a well-earned weeklong vacation. Sam and Eileen were going to spend it camping in the mountains while Dean was going to relax at home and do some tune up work on Baby. Thinking about Wednesday, maybe he would spend his vacation doing more than drinking beer and laying on the couch all day.
“Cas, don’t forget, I don’t have my car so we will have to carry whatever we buy, and the closest grocery store is a fifteen-minute walk from here. What’s the notepad for,” Dean asked as he took a seat.
Dean sighed and scrubbed his hand down his face. After the night he had, he wasn’t feeling all that Christmas-y. But it was their first Christmas as a real family now that Jack, Eileen, and Cas were back, and he wouldn’t ruin it for everybody else just because he had a shitty night of sleep.
Once Rowena had disappeared inside her cabin, Crowley spat, “Wonder what’s gotten into the old hag. What does it matter if we touch the beast; it’s just a stupid horse.”
“Hon, you really think any of us are gonna do what your dad did? You honestly think we would care? Hell, half the people you know aren’t straight. Just look at Jo, Charlie, Claire, Kaia, Jody, Donna…”
“Geez, Cas, can’t we just have more than pop tarts or a granola bar? Does there always have to be a reason to have a decent breakfast?” Dean snapped as he put three pancakes on his plate.
He sang the song because it reminded him of home, and it brought warmth to his chest. More and more, he was considering giving up on his quest and merely returning home. He had spent many seasons away, and the longing he felt for his home grew stronger every day.
Cas slowly sped his thrusts up as he felt the fire begin boiling in his stomach. Dean could barely form words at this point, whimpers and moans the only sounds he could make. He was still managing to meet Cas thrust for thrust, but Cas could tell he was growing tired. Cas sped up until he was pounding into Dean causing the mattress to creak and the headboard to bang against the wall.
Cas was surprised to see his mother swim back to him. He was even more so when she laid a hand against his arm so they could talk telepathically.
He looked up, pointing between the name in the sand and the man. Dean started writing in the sand again and Cas waited for him to finish. When he was done, Cas read the words:
By now, the food was able to be pulled from the oven and Cas set the hot pan on the stove before heading off to get Dean. He found the man crumpled on the floor staring at the wall, a look of resignation on his face. Cas hurried to his side.
Dean shouldered past his brother to walk to his boyfriend. Castiel fell into his arms instantly. Dean peppered kisses into his hair as he felt Cas’ body wrack with silent sobs.
“You didn’t embarrass yourself. I just can’t figure out why you kissed me in the first place,” Dean said.
He shrugged and signed, “Just a lucky guess. Love to stay and talk but Cas and I have stuff to do. See you guys later.”
John grinned maliciously at his son as he set the bottle on the table. “You’re right, it won’t happen again, and I intend to make sure you never bring another boy home again.”
Dean threw his hands high, obviously upset. “I don’t know Alistair. What part of ‘I don't remember’ do you not get? I wouldn’t have even been in the situation if you hadn’t decided to stay out that night, even though I warned you there was a storm fast approaching.”
Dean struggled for something to say. “Cas.. I.. I never meant to lead you on and I’m sorry. I’m flattered that you would be interested in me, but I just don’t feel the same. You’re a great guy and I’d love to continue being friends but that’s all we can be is friends.”
Jack looked at Dean with an eager expression, and he was reminded of just how young the Nephilim was. He stepped away from Cas and pulled Jack into the shelter of his arms. “Thank you for everything you’ve done for us, Jack. I meant what I said up there. You’re my son, and I love you so much. Cas and I are so proud of everything you’ve accomplished. I know we got off to a rough start, and I’m sorry about that. I just hope I can make it up to you.”
“He actually did kind of save me. Cas is a friend and he was spending the night at another friend’s house. He was taking a walk on the beach and found me all washed up. I was awake and disoriented when he did. He wanted to take me to the hospital, but I refused. He helped me get back to the institute and by the time we arrived, we decided to start dating,” Dean told a similar lie to the one he had told to Bobby.
Dean smirked. “Alistair, we are at the edge of an ocean. Who knows how long these tracks have been here? There’s no way to tell how old they are. Not to mention, the freaking storm that was raging that night.”
Cas peppered kisses against the freckled skin as he teased Dean. He slid his own erection against Dean’s ass seeking out much needed friction.
Dean leaned into Cas’ side. “Yeah, they do. I was getting worried that it would never happen for them.”
Cas held Jack in his arms and said, “All passengers, the plane is ready for takeoff. Buckle your seatbelt and hold on tight!”
“Please, butterfly, tell me if there are others! Do you know if there are other unicorns in the world hiding somewhere? Just tell me you have seen others like me so that I may go home to my forest,” the unicorn begged the floating insect.
Dean flopped back into his seat when Ellen released him. He watched as she slammed her hands on the counter and then started pacing. “Of all the shit John did, the fact that he… he hurt you because you liked a guy has got to be the worst. He never did deserve Mary and you boys. I begged her so many times to leave him, but she wouldn’t. Why didn’t you tell anybody the truth,” she asked brokenly.
The unicorn swung his head from side to side before continuing his pacing. “These are real spells, but they can’t truly make or change anything.”
Dean pulled away from Cas to sign, “You guys have to promise me that what I’m about to tell you, you won’t tell anyone else. It would put Cas in serious danger.”
Cas looked around and took notice of things. “Why don’t we make a list of things that need to be fixed up and repaired. We each take a room and we will combine our lists when we are done.”
Cas stepped into Dean’s space, sliding his palm around the back of his boyfriend’s neck, and kneading the tense flesh. His lips stretched in a smile as he said, “I would never drop you beloved. I just want you to experience flying like I do. It’s totally different with wings then it’s on a plane.”
All but Castiel turned towards the entrance as they heard footsteps approaching. He stared at the clock with narrowed eyes. As the others had bartered with the skull, visions had been flashing through Castiel’s head nonstop: images of him as a black, four-legged creature with a horn spiraling out of its forehead. When they finally stopped, he felt something stirring in him that he hadn’t felt in months. When he looked at the clock, it wasn’t a clock that he saw.
Dean’s lips lifted at the corners in a small smile. “Hey sweetheart. Everything ok? What’s going on in that head of yours? You’re not still stressing about the parent teacher conference tomorrow, are you? I thought we were just going to relax until we knew what the results of the testing were.”
“Babe, put the steak in the cart. They’re for something special and I have no intention of answering any of your questions. So, hush up and just enjoy being out and about with your boyfriend,” Dean finally snapped.
Cas cupped Dean’s cheek causing him to look up and lock eyes with Cas. “What is wrong sweetheart? You look frightened all of a sudden.”
Cas glared at him but didn’t ask another question as they continued to shop. After an hour and a half, they were finally headed to checkout. Cas slid his hand into Dean’s who lifted their conjoined hands and placed a kiss to the back of Cas’. He paused when he heard a snort behind him.
Meg shook her head. “I assure you the king has some joy in his life, even if it is hidden away. Think back, Dean. Have you ever seen your father with at least a dull glow in his eyes? I know I have, although I’ve only seen it once in all my months spent here. And it was as he looked out at the sea.”
When they had finished viewing the dragons, Cas asked, “I thought you said there was an aquarium here?”
Dean nibbled Cas’ ear before nuzzling his cheek. “We can go visit my brother in a few month’s time. For now, I want to spend my time with you and Baby and enjoy our forest. My brother has a kingdom to rebuild, and that world is not for you nor me any longer. We have our own story to write.”
Jack looked between the two brothers before answering, “The Empty would come for him when he was truly happy.”
“Sorry. It’s just been so long since I got to do stuff like that on Christmas Eve.” Dean paused. “Hell, Sam must have been around thirteen or fourteen. I didn’t realize how much I missed it.”
“What do you mean, Eileen? Please, what is so unique about Cas?” Dean asked. Charlie jumped back into his lap, rubbing her head along his chin. He absentmindedly scratched her ear as he watched Sam and Eileen share a quick kiss. Dean’s eyes narrowed, and his lips curved into a frown. “Never have I seen my brother smile so much or be smitten with someone the way he is with you. There has never been a cat in the castle, and I don’t remember the last time my father looked at me with something other than disappointment. While I don’t often just sit around the castle, never before have I been so eager to go on an early morning quest as I have since Cas showed up. Does he have something to do with it? Is that what you mean when you say he is unique and different?”
Dean turned when he felt Cas grip his shoulder. As soon as their eyes locked, Cas flung himself into Dean’s arms. Tears were already rolling down his cheeks. As Dean held him, he could feel silent sobs causing tremors throughout his boyfriend’s body.
Cas curled his free hand around the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him forward, their lips meeting in the middle. The kiss was tender and unhurried as it deepened, the men taking their time exploring each other’s mouth. They broke apart when the need for air became too great. Their foreheads rested against each other and Dean had one hand wrapped around Cas’ hand that still rested against his chest.
Benny scrubbed at his face and sighed before replying, “I’ll have a list of apartments that need repairs and what those repairs are. You work one week straight showing me you’re serious about this and that you’re serious about getting back on track and I will start giving you the supplies and materials needed to start fixing up your apartment. We got a deal?”
Michael huffed. “What about a new Darkness? The universe can’t exist very long without certain cosmic entities. Death, the Empty, God, and the Darkness. When one dies, they must be replaced or else the universe will fall out of balance.”
“If it really isn’t any trouble then I would appreciate you taking me home. I would enjoy being able to get away from this crowd and the noise,” Cas replied, a look of desperation clear to see.
Dean took a shaky breath. “Because I can’t be without you. I don’t do well when you’re not here. I need you Cas; I need you.” Dea paused and then held his hand out and cupped Cas’ cheek. “How could you think that what you wanted you couldn’t have? You’ve always had me. I’ve always been yours from the moment you walked through those damn barn doors.” He watched as Cas’ eyes went wide at the confession.
After that, they headed to the Asian exhibit. Dean’s favorite were the tigers and he was overjoyed when he found out the cubs were on exhibit. They spent nearly half an hour watching the cubs run and play. There were also Komodo dragons, pandas, and orangutans to be seen. It turned out that Cas had actually seen Komodo dragons when his clan had migrated to Australia. He had thought them fearsome but intriguing.
“Yeah. After the spell hit me, I was in like this black void and the witch showed up and told me what the spell was doing and how to break it. She said it’s what I deserved for killing her boyfriend. Guess it’s a good thing she didn’t know about the angel who’s secretly in love with me.” Dean smiled brightly as he stared at Cas.
Once Sam and Eileen had disappeared down the street, Dean headed back inside to start calling people. Half an hour later he dropped his phone to the table having called everybody he wanted to invite. Cas stood behind him rubbing at his shoulders. He dropped his head back and Cas bent down to press a few kisses to his lips.
“You could have dreamed up any world you wished, and this is what you came up with? You and me?” Cas asked.
The unicorn looked at Meg warily, finally answering her question. “I do not know if your magic will come back. It may have been a fleeting accident, and the only time you will experience such a thing. It could also be the first of many times you will harness the power of true magic. Only a person who can see into the future could answer your question, and even a unicorn doesn’t have that ability.”
Once everybody was done, Ellen cleared the dishes and Jo bid the group goodbye and left to see her boyfriend. Sam left soon after to search for books for his college classes at the local library. Cas and Dean stayed behind to talk with Ellen.
Cas reached out and gently wrapped his finger’s around Dean’s wrist. “He just got here not even ten minutes ago. I figured it would be a nice surprise for you.”
“There’s the uptight angel I love so much,” Dean said softly. He chuckled when Cas shot him a glare.
Dean threw a pillow at his brother’s head. “Shut up, you sound like a teenage girl. Although, tomorrow would be a great time to tell him. Thanks for taking the day to help me set everything up. Also, tell Eileen thanks for distracting him so that we can get everything prepared. I just hope he likes it.”
Dean walked inside, a bell ringing above his head. As expected, the walls were lined with books, and the left side of the store had shelves filled with books running the entire length of the shop. On the right side of the store were tables advertising new arrivals and any specials the store was running. There were a few comfy chairs and beanbags for patrons to sit on and read if they wished in the back corner. Near the front of the store, next to the checkout counter, there were a few racks with bookmarks, pens and pencils, and other small items.
For the next couple of hours, they swam, played, and just enjoyed each other’s company. Once Dean grew tired, he sat on the pool's edge while Cas continued to frolic in the water. Finally, Cas swam over to do Dean, a bright smile on his face. Dean couldn't help but reach out and slide his fingers through Cas' wet hair.
most creatures though. From a young age, the siren had always enjoyed the sea when it was at its roughest. He loved riding the waves and feeling the rain pounding on his back. He took great joy in the solitude that such times offered him.
Dean licked his suddenly dry lips. “I’ll think about it. Cas and I will come over sometime later and we can talk.”
“Just let Red entertain the idea of running out of pies, and I will never go LARPing with her again,” Dean growled.
Cas’ eyes were soft as he spoke up. “You said you were going to tell me the story Dean. There is nothing to be ashamed of. We all have our own struggles and guilt.”
The archangel had a wicked smile on his face. “That’s the point, isn’t it Castiel? You were one of Heaven’s finest soldiers and then you gave it up to be a guardian. I was so disappointed in you; I mean guardians are barely higher ranking than cupids. But, of course you were good at your new job… until now. When I look at you now, I’m just disgusted.”
As Meg watched him, she thought, “I have made magic, but I’m starting to realize the mistake I have made. I should have tried harder to turn him into something else, but if I had, he would never be welcome into the king’s castle.”
Dean grabbed the blankets and started spreading them out. “You know, you’ve come a long way from that petrified angel I took to a brothel.”
Cas took a sip of his coffee and grinned. “Sorry, monkey, I’ll be quiet.” Cas pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked his emails. He had a message from his editor reminding him that his newest manuscript was due by January fifth. He also had a few business emails but nothing that couldn’t wait until after the holidays.
Dean wrapped an arm around Cas’ waist and kissed his cheek tenderly. “That’s going to be my new profile pic. Let’s see how many likes and comments this one gets. Can you believe I’m still getting comments on the one I posted of us in the bookstore?”
For the first time in years, Dean wished he wasn’t mute. He wanted to shout and cry. He wanted to scream his pain to the heavens. His silence couldn’t express his heartache adequately enough. His heart had shattered. The light that Cas had brought into his life had been extinguished.
He grabbed his beer and took a long swallow before slamming it on the table. Cas could see the fury rolling off his shoulders. He knew that Sam leaving had been the tipping point that had caused Dean to spiral into the pit he now found himself in.
He headed out to meet Sam in the garage. They loaded their stuff up in Baby’s trunk before sliding into the front seat. Dean pulled the tape out of his pocket and pushed it into the tape slot. If Sam noticed what was written on the tape, he didn’t say anything. Dean turned the car on and pulled her out of the garage.
“Yes dear. I promise to go as slow as you want. You tell me when you want more, how does that sound?” Cas dropped his hands to rest on Dean’s hips and pulled on the skin forcing the man to shuffle forward a few inches. They were now knee to knee.
Cas watched as Dean started signing to the man. His hands were moving rapidly, and Cas wondered if he would ever be able to sign like that. After a minute or two, Dean finally stilled his hands.
As he walked through the archway, Cas looked up at the sound of his footsteps. His eyes lit up when he saw Dean. He walked over and slid his arms around Dean’s waist, pecking his lips.
“We could always do some research and see if we can’t find a way to save Cas ourselves,” Eileen offered.
After Chuck was killed, Sam had gone searching for Eileen, having realized that he didn’t want to spend his life without her. The two of them now lived in a small house with a white picket fence that was barely a ten-minute drive from the Bunker. At least three times a week, Sam and Eileen, along with Bones, their golden retriever, had dinner at the Bunker with Dean and Cas. When Sam announced he got a job at the local hardware store as a repairman, Dean had slapped him on the shoulder and told his brother he was proud of him.
“Cas, no, you don’t want me. I’ve got nothing to offer you. I told you, I’m just a grunt. Sam’s the smart one of the family,” Dean said as he backed away.
Sam flinched, turning his head to look at his brother. “Dean, it can wait. It’s your wedding day and-”
Dean spent an hour talking to Jo and Ellen, glad to be spending time with his adoptive family. His parents had been killed in a car crash when he was six and Sam was two. Bobby and Ellen had been good friends with Mary and John, and they had taken the boys in without hesitation. When Jo was born a year later, Dean had become just as protective of her as he was of Sam. He took his big brother duties very seriously.
“Shut up, bitch. When you become a teacher and have to deal with twenty screaming kids until a week before Christmas, then you can complain. It’s a miracle if I don’t come home and pass out on the couch after work. Little kids are exhausting,” Dean grumbled.
Cas stepped back and let out a neigh that sounded like bells ringing. “Of course. We don’t need that magician. All the magic we need is within me. I might not be able to make myself anything but what I am, but I can change others. Unicorns have the ability to defy death; of course, we can change a man into one of us.”
Once the milk was heated up enough, Cas pulled the pan off the burner and split the milk between two mugs. He poured a packet of peppermint mix in his cup and a double chocolate mix in Jack’s. He then added mini marshmallows to Jack’s cup. He had learned a while ago that Jack would only put the small marshmallows in his hot chocolate, complaining that the bigger ones got too soggy.
Dean’s face turned an even deeper shade of red as his mouth dropped open. “How the hell do you know about that?” he shouted, his voice rising three octaves.
Our boys get their grocery trip out the way. Cas makes more lists for apartment repairs. They start their job as repairmen for Benny. And, they end up spilling a bucket of paint on themselves. Of course, they have to act like children when that happens.
Ellen was silent, thinking about what she wanted to say. She placed a hand on top of Dean’s getting him to look at her. “Honey, I know you and Benny dated for a while back in high school.”
This particular box had sat inside his drawer for six weeks, never having been opened since Dean brought it home. When he popped it open in front of Cas, the man’s eyes went wide at the silver ring he saw inside. Dean’s speech was sweet but short and to the point. Cas already knew everything he had to say anyways. Tears poured down Cas’ cheeks as he nodded his head vigorously in response to Dean’s question. Dean surged to his feet and kissed his fiancé passionately as he slipped the ring onto Cas’ finger. Everyone in the restaurant erupted into applause and cheers.
“You act all high and mighty, but you’re a researcher too, Dean. How many animals have you studied and taken blood from,” Alistair taunted him.
There was panicked whinny as the unicorn spun on his feet and fled back up the beach, the Bull right behind him. Sand and water flew up behind their heels as they ran. The Bull was insistent but patient, following the unicorn steadily but never gaining on him.
Jack melted into Dean’s embrace, not used to being hugged by the older hunter. “I should be the one thanking you. You and Sam have sacrificed so much.”
Cas glanced at his multicolored wings before dropping his eyes. “I told you, you have changed me. They used to be black, but the more I fell in love with you, the more colorful they became.” Cas finally looked back up. “I don’t understand, why are you here? It’s only been a few years since you defeated Chuck. You were supposed to live until you were gray and wrinkled.”
“The only person I’ve ever really loved was Benny and we were horny teenagers then so nothing lasted very long. None of the women I’ve slept with had hopes of being anything more than a fling. You’re the first person I’ve taken as a lover since I was a teenager.” Dean dropped his eyes afraid of what he might see in Cas’ eyes.
Cas had thought living with Dean would be difficult or take some getting used to, but Dean turned out to be the easiest person to live with. Dean was always willing to help with chores around the house, play with Jack so Cas could work on his manuscript, and he even helped out around the bookstore. Dean took over most of the cooking since it was a favorite hobby, and he loved being able to provide for his family. Dean’s biggest fault: his procrastination of doing laundry. Since Dean did the cooking, Cas had willingly agreed to take care of the laundry.
Dean faced his lover and cradled Cas’ face in his hands. He leaned forward and pressed a tender kiss to the man’s lips. He rubbed gentle circles against Cas’ cheeks as he stared into the blue eyes he adored. “I love whom I love, and nothing will change that. I will always love you, Cas.”
Cas moved to grab the bottle of Astroglide and then returned to his lover. “I love you so much, Dean.”
Ms. Harvelle snorted. “Trust me Dean, teachers don’t like all of their students. You better not tell anybody I said that, or I’ll never make you one of my special burgers again.”
“I’ll never be able to thank you enough Cas. He even wants us to come visit him sometime. He is planning to open his own restaurant and wants Sam and I to come up with an interior design for it. That could be another huge boost for the business.” Cas loved how Dean’s eyes lit up when talking about work.
Cas found the medical inaccuracies amusing while Dean thought the leading doctor was sexy because of his cowboy boots. “Honestly, Dean, what kind of doctor wears cowboy boots?”
Bobby grabbed some rope and tied Alistair’s hands behind his back and forced him to sit on the ground before tying his feet together. Once he checked to make sure the ropes were secure, he walked off.
“So, you’ve let your pride get between the two of you for years,” Cas growled. “You can sit there and say Dean is stubborn and doesn’t want to apologize, but it seems like you’re the same way. At least Dean will admit his faults.”
When his head popped above the water, he couldn’t help the smile on his face when he saw Dean still standing at the edge of the water. He swam as close as possible before having to use his fingers and arms to drag himself to shore. Dean backed up a few steps when Cas came to rest at the shoreline, part of his tail still in the sea.
Dean huffed out a breath, rolling his eyes. “Dude, it’s an expression. Anyway, would you care if I made an announcement? Sam seems to think it will ruin the wedding.”
The older man scoffed. “Get your head out of the clouds, Dean. You know how I feel about your transgressions.”
“It seems a certain part of your anatomy wouldn’t mind if more than sleeping occurred as well,” Cas joked as he headed towards the front door.
He glowered at the man before going back to the wheel and positioning the boat next to the tank. He watched as Alistair turned the crank, lifting Cas high in the air and then moving him until he was hovering over the tank. Alistair lowered it until Cas was able to swim out the sling and into the pool.
As Dean sat there looking at the empty waters, a movie he hadn’t seen in years popped into his head. One scene specifically came to mind. The words from the song that had played during the scene danced across his mind.
“I can’t control what you think Alistair. I’m just telling you what I know. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my friend and I are going diving. I’ll see you when I come back to work.” There was a finality to his hand movements and facial expression that not even the other man dared to argue with.
“Uh, Dean, could I talk to you for a few minutes,” Sam asked hesitantly as his brother sat at the kitchen table going over the bills.
Dean pulled away from Cas, concerned for his brother. “What do you mean, where is he? You left him behind?”
Cas nodded against his chest. They walked inside and headed to the bedroom. Sam followed them until they reached the living room where he took a seat on the couch. The two men returned a few minutes later. They were in dry clothes and Cas had stopped crying.
Dean looked at Cas with disgust. “Orange and lemon flavored cupcakes? What kind of combination is that?”
Dean let Cas’ wrist drop from his grasp. He walked backward until the backs of his knees hit the mattress. He sat down heavily, his gaze angled towards the floor. “What you said, Cas, it was exactly what I’ve wanted to hear for years.” Dean dragged his eyes up until they focused on Cas. “You died, telling me how you felt towards me, and I didn’t say a damn thing back.”
Dean sat back as he stared at the other man disbelievingly. He reached back out and touched the tail,
Cas cupped Dean’s cheek and stared into his eyes. They were like a beautiful forest in the early morning light, when the soft rays of the sun flickered through the trees, outlining them in a soft golden glow. Dean’s smile was brighter than a sparkling diamond in the moonlight. The laugh lines present only added to the happiness radiating from him.
“How in the hell was I supposed to know that would happen? I thought you three were delirious or some shit! You really thought mom and I would be convinced that Cas is some kind of fish?” she yelled back.
“They’re about the night that I lost- that you were taken by the Empty,” Dean admitted, looking straight ahead.
Jo punched Dean lightly in the arm. “You two better not run him off. Mom will hit you both over the head.”
“With you right here with me, yeah Cas, I’m downright jovial. I’ve had a few people say how glad they were that I finally found someone for me. Apparently being with you has made me happier and more relaxed. I’d have to say I’d agree with them.” He turned around so that he could face Cas.
His song didn’t have words. It was a series of hauntingly eerie low-pitched notes that were similar to that of a whale’s song. As Cas sang, he watched the liquid in the bottle bubble and fizz before settling after a few seconds. Once the potion was completely back to normal, one last note echoed off the walls of the cave before going silent.
Sam took a few steps towards her and clapped a firm hand over her narrow shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze.
It had been hard learning how to live without her after 30-odd years of marriage. At first it was just lonely, even with Dean stopping by to check in on him. But soon he found his mind wandering, forgetting simple things like the day of the week and where he left his blasted glasses. Without his wife around to challenge him, his mind was becoming dull. It wasn’t long after that he was moved into the hospice, surrounded by worn and withered souls like him, making the best of the time they had left.
Dean kept smiling. It came easy, like their banter, the jokes and teasing, pretending not to see Cas secretly smile as he realizes Dean compared them to a “married” couple. It was always easy to be himself when they were together.
In the days following, the two of them discussed how to move forward. They talked, really talked, putting their egos aside, and managed to come to an arrangement without escalating into another tear-stained brawl.
Dean started to squint as the dimness began to slowly cover him, the fading sunlight glinting orange and pale gold off the jagged metal keys in his hand.
“You always stood by me, even when I was in the wrong, even though I didn’t always show you the same respect. And I’m sorry,” he breathed, casting his eyes warily about. “I’m so sorry you felt that you couldn’t be honest with me about something so goddamn important. I’m sorry that...that I-I made you think you had to hide how you felt, just ‘cause I wasn’t equipped to handle the truth. ”
There were low murmurs of agreement within the group. Claire’s young face stood amongst the crowd in front of him, her pale hand clutching Kaia’s shoulder and holding back tears, stubbornly refusing to cry. Donna and Jody stood nearby, watching Sam with warm, maternal smiles and a little a bit misty-eyed. Garth stood in the back, smiling fondly, no doubt remembering the good times and wacky adventures he had with Dean. Next to Garth, Bobby, Charlie, and the other survivors from Apocalypse World had their heads bowed respectfully for the man who had fought tooth and nail for their safety and new refuge.
Dean manages to control his facial expressions and hide the twitch of a smile at Cas’ air quotes and pop culture reference. He didn’t know if he was more relieved or mortified that Cas had heard the whole damn thing.
Cas maintains a comfortable rhythm, humming agreeably with Dean’s groans of pleasure. Every so often the angel pulls off with a sultry pop to catch his breath, stroking Dean between heated, hurried breaths, eyes half lidded as he watches his partner pant and moan above him, coming apart under his touch.
Dean ran a hand through his cropped hair with a shaky breath. With everything he’d said, it felt like a weight slowly lifting off his chest. A tightly-closed bottle finally opening up. Yet he still lacked a sense of fulfillment. He tried not to linger on why.
His voice trails off, listening to the sound of wind dancing through the flush trees. The world around him is calm, but sitting inside the car, Dean feels like he’s in the eye of a storm, threatening to sweep him away at the slightest slip up. He sniffles sharply; tears stinging his eyes but he stubbornly refuses to let them fall.
The hunter swore under his breath, leaning forward to bury his face into Castiel’s broad shoulder. How the hell could he say such embarrassing things like that with a straight face?
Dean fiddled absentmindedly with the keys, flipping them over in his hands, enjoying the distracting jingling.
“Yeah well, maybe that’s exactly why you guys should have it,” he replies soberly. He holds up a beautiful lacquered box for Claire to see.
Dean looks away from Sam, taking a swig of his beer. He feels a pull at his heart, the same one he’s been feeling all day when he thought about the angel. Ever since hearing Cas’ confession, Dean couldn’t stop interpreting all of Cas’ past actions and sacrifices for what they actually were.  Always putting himself in harm's way to protect Dean, always showing up by his side when he needed it most, always willing to bleed, fight and follow him to their certain death. Even when Dean pushed him away.
“Yeah, well this ain’t my first rodeo, Cas, sorry to say. I’ve had to wiggle my way out of far more compromising situations than my little brother walking in while I’m getting blown.”
Behind them, beams of late spring sunlight slip through the parting grey clouds leaving the skyline, bathing Dean and Cas in refracted rainbows from the windows. Ushering in a blanket of warmth, light, and for the first time in too damn long, hope.
The truth was, Sam hadn’t known what to expect. He thought he had been ready to face his brother without guilt holding him back, but now he was second-guessing himself.
Outside the thick stone walls the sun was struggling to break through the bleak, gray clouds heavy in the horizon, with only a few intermittent shafts of light managing to slip through the cracks. Even though the harsh winter had reluctantly given way to spring, it had been an unpleasantly chilly and washed-out May at Hogwarts.
He felt his son’s warm hand envelop his frail one. Once upon a time, this hand had reached out to him from the depths of his simple white crib, a tiny pink thing barely strong enough to grasp his finger.
The ceremony itself was very homely and small with a few close hunter friends to witness their union. Bobby showed up with a bottle of top-shelf scotch and a firm pat on the back. Donna and Jody rode down together with the girls with food and endless hugs for both of them. Gertie, Kid Sam and Kid Cas took an immediate liking to Claire and her princess hair, much to her annoyance. Patience, being the only one  with any real experience handling kids, came to her aid and wrangled the kids into some fun activities. Before the night was over the kids were curled up at her side, sleeping soundly.
He spies Eileen by the war room table chatting away amicably with Garth and his wife Bess, the three of them having got on almost instantly in a discussion about ASL and Baby Sign Language…which was a thing, apparently. Bess stood holding baby Cas to her hip while Garth rocked baby Sam in his carrier on the table. Or maybe it was the other way around; Sam honestly couldn’t tell which one was which. The sight of this happy family standing together, alive, laughing, made a deep part of him ache.
He knows this much: that he definitely, certainly cares for the Slytherin beyond that of friendship; that he and Cas just went through a near-death experience and it’s probably safe to assume emotions are running high; that Cas is here and sincere and most importantly, in love with Dean. And maybe it was the headiness of the kiss or the near death thing or the fall of Voldemort’s reign of supremacist terror, but fuck it, Dean Winchester decides that he’s done enough in the last 12 hours to deserve this one good thing for himself.
“Our grandfather left this for Dean and me to find the Men of Letters Bunker and restore the order to its former glory. For years it was a place for just the two of us. A kind of sanctuary. But it always felt a little empty, even before Dean…” he trailed off. It still hurt to say the words out loud. “But the truth is, the Bunker is more than just a safe place to crash. It’s a homebase, meant to be lived in by a team of people. Full of activity and life. It’s time that it went back to what it was built for. Besides, the place could use a change.”
He’s unsure whether he imagines the mumbled groan over the sound of his frantically beating heart, but he doesn’t miss a familiar pair of sky blue eyes slowly blinking open with effort. Or the small, soft smile once Cas’ eyes meet his.
Dean thinks to himself, ignoring the fact that the angel was incomprehensibly more ancient than himself. As if hearing Dean’s thoughts, Cas halts his efforts to casually study Dean’s expression, much to the hunter’s displeasure. He opens his mouth to complain only to feel it fall open in surprise, shuddering as he feels the lush, unprompted press of Cas’ tongue along the hot and sensitive underside of his erect cock, forcing Dean to grip the edge of the desk hard.
By some miracle (or more likely his Hero’s Fortune, he reminds himself) he had arrived unscathed at his destination. Now that he had determined the “How he got Here”, logic dictated that he should figure out the “Where Here was”. Sam scanned the neighbourhood to get his bearings, and his breath hitched once he recognized the small, suburban home he had parked in front of.
Again, he waits patiently for the familiar sounds of the angel’s approach: the rustle of his ever so slightly too large trench coat and the crunch of gravel beneath his polished shoes walking towards Dean in a stride he had grown accustomed to. He shifts uncomfortably in the seat as the silence drags on, debating whether or not to continue.
“Because you cared,” he answers bluntly, returning the eye contact. “For all your faults, for all of your struggles and resentment, you were always trying to make the world a better place. You are a loyal, caring friend, and anyone who knows you can see it. I should've been just another ‘dick with wings’, but you decided I was worth looking out for. Even when we first met, even though we argued and you defied my orders every opportunity you had, you still came to my aid when I asked for it. I never knew what that felt like until I met you.”
“The point is…” he faltered, unsure of why he was getting all defensive. “After everything that we’ve been through, all of it, you still felt like you had to walk on eggshells around me. I think I deserve a little more credit than that, okay?”
Jack looked up at Sam with those soft doe eyes of his, “It’s okay Sam. I know what you want to ask. Why I didn’t save Dean.” Sam’s breath caught at the mention of his brother’s name. “I’m truly sorry, but there was nothing I could have done. I told you I was going to be a hands-off God, to keep myself out of the narrative. And to do that...”
And so the years passed this way. Eileen would disappear for a few days, keeping in touch with her boys and letting Sam know she was okay. The dreams never came, but Sam never felt like he could breathe normally until Eileen was back in his arms again.
Dean didn’t know how the hell he deserved Cas, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to take it for granted.
“When it became obvious to me what my attraction to you was, and how very unlikely it was to be reciprocated, I...accepted it.” He shrugs lamely, “I kept it to myself. I didn’t want my feelings to get in the way of what we had. Because being able to fight beside you as your friend was already enough.”
But Cas. Cas had already crossed over the point of no return, and walked on ahead. It was up to Dean to close the gap between them. To give them both some closure.
“Sorry, you’re right, not the moment.” He amends, shifting uncomfortably under the angel’s scolding gaze. “But I mean, seriously Cas, what the hell do I say to that?”
Cas closes his eyes and hums silently at the touch, enjoying the sensation as one of Dean’s thumbs faintly brushes over his pulse point.
“ ‘preciate that.” He grunts out, doing his damndest to keep his breathing steady and collected under Cas’ ministrations.
He was seeing Dean for the first time in ages and the actuality of the moment, for some strange reason, was scary. Maybe it was the suddenness that threw him off. Moments ago he was lying on his deathbed, ready to meet Dean again in the afterlife. Now Dean was here, apparently waiting for him.
“You said I changed you Cas…but you don’t even know how much you helped me be a better man. And I-I wish you had the chance to hear it from me before. You deserved to have your feelings acknowledged. You still do.” He muttered, his shoulders sinking slightly. “I just hope you’ll still give it to me when you’re ready. ‘Cause this Heaven? It’s peachy. But it’s not complete without you, Cas.”
Dean marvels at being able to hold Cas like this. This cosmic being beyond his understanding, capable of creating miracles or absolute suffering, was letting Dean affect him. He feels Cas gently grip the short hairs on the back of his neck with one hand and clutch at the front of his jacket with sturdy fingers, settling himself comfortably closer as Dean’s other arm slips down to his waist.
Their simple two-story house looked warm and inviting with its huge living room, starring a couple of soft brown leather sofas facing an enormous TV screen mounted on the wall. Dean spent far too long admiring their spacious modern style kitchen, with its double oven and gas range stove. Oh man, he had some plans for the next time he came to visit. Maybe pop by some late afternoon, take over their kitchen, cook some real burgers and a pie. Assuming they could eat in Heaven...
This had proved to be the best solution for a number of reasons. For one, Garth and Bess turned out to be first-rate wedding planners and took care of most of the details. The only time Sam really had to step in was to politely decline their more... adventurously-themed suggestions based on their favourite book series (and Sam used that term very lightly). It was also, he realized, easier than showing up at city hall and explaining to the minister why Samuel William Winchester was wanted for several counts of mass muder, treason, possession of illegal firearms, credit card fraud, kidnapping and endangering an ex-President of The United States, and was considered legally dead by the United States census…three times.
“Dean would have insisted that we name him after our father, but that just never seemed right to me…” he confessed to Eileen, not taking his eyes off his son. “I mean sure, he was always looking out for us in the end, even if he had a complicated way of showing it. But I don’t know…I guess I never considered naming my kids after our parents. It was Dean’s kind of thing, if he ever settled down properly. Mom and Dad were his heroes, not mine.”
Most new fathers questioned their ability to raise a child without screwing it all up. Sam questioned his ability to keep his wife and child safe from the many supernatural enemies he and Dean had made in the last two decades and, more specifically, whether he could keep them safe from himself.
The hunter intuitively licks his bottom lip. “If it leads to more of this, you can feel any damn way you want.” Dean replies as Cas sidles up into his lap, snaking his hand behind Cas’ neck and trading deep, open kisses with the angle’s still hot and pliant mouth.
He made his way back towards the garage entrance where Miracle was waiting for him inside the Impala, the heater running idly to keep the cabin warm. He didn’t have a lot to take with him; some clothes, the last of his weapons, a few keepsakes from their travels, and a box marked “Dean”.
So he decided to take Baby for a drive. It had always given him some peace of mind before. When Sammy left for school, when John went missing and wouldn’t answer his calls, when he found out that he and Sam were cosmic chess pieces supposed to bring about the end of the world, when he got out of Purgatory and failed Cas, when Sam found out that Dean had gone behind his back to let Gadreel in his head, when Mary came back into their lives, and then when she was taken from them again.
Sam swallows thickly and blinks away his tears. There would be a time to mourn when everyone had gone their separate ways, but now it was time to say goodbye. He raised his beer to the crowd.
The worst part was that Cas was right. But Dean’s own stupid ego wouldn’t let him admit it out loud.
“In remembrance,” he tells them, and not in mourning, because Dean wouldn't have  wanted them to get all emotional over him.
Mind made up, Sam packed up the Bunker and called up the first person he knew that would be able to make good use of the place.
“So wait, Cas isn’t gone?” Sam asks abruptly, pulling Dean out of his thoughts, “Then why didn’t he try to reach out to us on Earth? Let us know he was okay?”
All too soon, the moment was over. Cas straightens suddenly, his previously calm demeanor shifting into a pensive one as he pulls himself out of their embrace, appearing rather reluctant to do so.
And Sam...well, Sammy no longer needed him. He hadn’t for a long time. His kid brother had his own family outside of Dean, one he shared more than half of his lifespan with. And he was happy for them, of course he was. He was freakin’ thrilled that they could all share this place, this Heaven, together. Not as memories, but as people.
“Nothing like a little uprising to keep me on my toes. Putting demons in their place, now there’s a great way to spend an afternoon! I do so despise being inactive for long.” She lamented, sipping delicately at a flute of champagne Sam was absolutely certain they had not provided. He chuckled softly.
“Of course I can love. All things created have the potential to experience love,” he countered flatly. “You’re the one who taught me that it wasn’t a weakness like I was raised to believe, but rather a strength.”
Dean laughs. “Relax, okay? I’m fine,” he pauses, before repeating “I’ll be fine. This is just something I’m gonna have to get used to on my own.”
Dean barely hears his wand clattering and rolling away on the marble tiles as he falls to the floor, kneeling in front of the immobile body of his friend.
“She is, but she was raised by a hunter who moved around the country a lot, so she never really picked up one local dialect.”
It felt nice, comfortable even, to fall back into a semblance of their earlier life. Occasionally he glanced at the familiar crowd around him, at Jo’s appraising glances towards him, at Sam and Eileen sitting comfortably in the booth like they had always belonged, and then at his feet.
Everyone in the room watched him with rapt attention as he shifted under their sympathetic gazes, running a hand through his long locks and tugging at the ends in a nervous tick.
Sam raises an eyebrow but decisively keeps his mouth shut. “Okay, well, mythical treasure map aside, they’re also considered priceless artifacts that could be worth a lot. Even more so if the Men of Letters were keeping them hidden away. Could be nice not to have to rely on Charlie’s magic credit card all the time.”
He swallows thickly, looking back into Cas’ eyes. They were exactly as he remembered them…open pools of calming blue. But right now, they were different - full of selfless affection rather than the piercing and serious gaze they always held.
Dean watched all of this from the sidelines like a man entering a dream. It felt like a repeat of the time when Dean had accidentally pulled John out of the past and rewrote the world’s history just for one precious dinner together. Except this time there were no damned consequences, no freaking time paradoxes, and especially no douchebag angels out for their asses.
There’s a horrible, sinking conviction in his gut that no one will be there when he rings the doorbell now. That Eileen will be gone again, taken from him, just like Dean.
Instead, Dean dwells on how Cas’s eyes crinkle when he smiles and the way the wind gently brushes his ruffled hair, knowing that he’ll soon get to run his fingers through those dark locks himself. But most of all, Dean’s secretly eager for the not-so-distant future when he’ll finally find out if Cas’ lips are as pillowy-soft as he’d always assumed.
“Hunter funerals are something we’re unfortunately all too familiar with. We’ve lost a lot of good people throughout our years on the road…friends we couldn’t save or people who ran out of luck. And while it isn’t an easy life, Dean embraced it with everything he had because he believed it all made a difference. Saving people, hunting things.” Sam chuckled fondly. “Anyone who hunted with my brother could vouch for his abilities and skills against every kind of monster the world could spit out. Even if you had never hunted with Dean before, you knew you were in safe hands, because Dean Winchester had your back.”
Sam knew this day had been coming. Truth be told, the Bunker had never quite been a home to Sam as it had to Dean. Dean had never had the luxury of staying in one place, much less a place that offered enough safety and security for him to unwind. To Dean, that had been the very definition of a home.
They smiled at each other from across the way until Sam raised his arm in farewell, sliding into the vehicle and putting her in drive.
“Do you know what really bothered me after you were gone? It wasn’t that you said...you know, that you ‘love me’, or that you kept your deal with the Empty a secret. Which,” he interjects, pointing at the angel, “we are definitely talking about later. No, what really got to me was that you didn’t think it was something you could have. How the hell could you know, Cas? You never asked!”
With the last dregs of sheer will, he covers his son's hand with his own, giving it a comforting pat. He sighed deeply and settled back into soft pillows, feeling his exhausted body melt right through them.
Cas immediately catches onto what Dean isn’t saying and sits up sharply. Or he tries to, repositioning his shoulders leaning against the stone pillar as leverage through tiny hisses of discomfort.
He tries not to hold Cas down for too long, still in awe of Cas’ dismissive gag reflex. Something of which they discovered by happy accident in an initial post-hunt escapade. Although Cas had reassured him it wasn’t painful, he did say it was “rather indelicate to contract the muscles of the throat for an extended period of time, Dean”.
He understood where she was coming from, in a way. The thought of passing on Azazel’s curse, his latent special abilities, or even just painting an assumed target on his son’s back because the kid was born from Sam Winchester’s DNA had kept him up more nights than he could count.
The boys stood outside on Sam’s new porch, each with a beer in hand and watched the still blue sky, clouds being dusted in gentle pinks and purples. Dean’s eyes held steady on the horizon, face aglow with the warm rays of the setting sun. He was finally getting around to telling Sam about his meeting with Bobby, how Jack had sprung him from Heaven’s lock-up and made things right up here.
He couldn’t help wonder how Dean would have felt, seeing for himself how much he had meant to these people. How his influence (and, Sam supposed, the rumours that spread amongst the hunting community probably helped with Dean’s popularity) had brought together this group of diverse people into a family. Their family.
Eileen nodded once and leaned back into her pillows as though the answer was irrelevant either way. It didn’t matter to them whether their child was “hearing” or not, he would still learn how to communicate with sign language alongside English. Still, behind her self-confidence Sam knew there had been moments when she had been nervous about “passing on” her hearing loss to their child, even if the chances were slim to none. Eileen knew better than anyone the ongoing challenges a person with hearing loss faced in a predominantly hearing society, hunter or not.
He kisses Cas. Again. And Again. Slotting their lips together with ease. Giving the man his answer between slow and languid pecks on his lips.
All around him are memories of Dean, full of bad jokes, fortune cookie wisdom, and idiotic grins. Sam closed his eyes, letting his mind fill with their moments.
Still, it isn’t until he actually sees Eileen grinning at him from the doorway that Sam is convinced she is really there.
“For the way I acted when you were alive. I, uh, realize that I put you on a high pedestal, that I had all these expectations that I put on your shoulders...I didn’t take enough time to appreciate that you were more than just ‘Mom’. You had your own problems and issues that didn’t involve me.
Dean chuckles at the absurd question, given the circumstances. Trust Cas to ask about his   well-being after months of no contact when he was the one laying in a desolate corridor, having had to defend himself against an army of pissed off Death Eaters. Dean knew he didn’t look like he’d just come back from a stroll in the park either.
I know you never wanted to drag me back into the hunting life, and if there had been any other option, you wouldn’t have but looking back, I’m glad you did. I wouldn’t take back these past fifteen years for nothing. We’ve been through Hell, we’ve been to Hell, but our bond has always survived. You have always been the one constant in my life, the one person I could always turn to. You’ve supported me and taken on huge burdens because you refused to let me do so. I’ve watched you die, I’ve watched you be possessed, and every time I was so afraid I would lose you for good. But you always managed to come back. I couldn’t imagine my life without you. Even though I have Eileen and you have Cas, you’re always going to be my brother, and we’re always going to love each other. I wish you a long and happy life with Cas because there isn’t another person on this Earth who deserves it more than you. I love you, Dean.”
“I’m happy for you guys. From what Cas said about sirens, he needs someone to love him. Cas, I’m not your boyfriend, but if you ever need something, I’m here for you too. You make my brother happy and that means you’re part of the family now.” Sam walked over and pulled him into a tight hug.
They were a moving mass of white fire that streamed onto the beach. They clambered up and over the cliffs and ran towards all ends of the world. Under the thousands of hoofbeats, which sounded like crashing cymbals, King Winchester’s castle started to shake and quiver.
Cas had never been one to believe in the stories of love at first sight, but from the moment he had seen Dean, he had been in love. He knew them being soulmates was a significant factor in why they got along so well, but Cas didn’t mind. Jack finally had a second parent, and Cas had someone who loved him unconditionally. Not only did he gain a lover, but he also gained a family. Cas had never been happier.
Meg jumped back, and even Castiel looked up when the skull let loose a mocking laugh. “Oh, I could speak from before you even cast the first spell, but it was amusing to watch you. You are the most bumbling magician my eye sockets have ever seen.”
“Dean, you have steak in the freezer and why in the world would you spend so much money on a couple pieces of meat?”
“Dean, I don’t even know where to start! I mean, there’s a siren, a real-life siren, sitting in our living room! They’re supposed to be fairytales and yet you two seem pretty comfortable with each other. How long have you known about him?” Sam asked.
The unicorn backed as far away as his iron prison would allow, dismayed at seeing the fearsome creature. “That one is real; that is the demoness Ammit. How did Rowena manage to capture her? She is from a faraway land, across the sea and the mountains.”
Eventually, Dean fell into an exhausted sleep, his body unable to stay awake any longer. As soon as the hunter was unconscious, two figures appeared in his room.
Cas watched as Sam’s eyes went wide in shock. He rushed from the room and Cas hurried to follow him. He nearly ran into Sam’s back when the tall man came to an abrupt halt. He mumbled under his breath as he moved around Sam’s body and Dean came into his view.
He pulled Cas into his arms and kissed him deeply. He didn’t care if they were polar opposites, somehow, they fit together like a key into a lock. Never in his life had another person looked at him the way Cas did. It was as if Dean had hung the sun and the moon.
Dean pulled Jack into his arms and placed a big, wet kiss on his cheek. “You really are a monkey; you know that?”
Cas moved so that he was sitting up before reaching out and cupping the Dean’s jaw in his hands. He had a loving smile on his face.
A look of astonishment crossed Sam’s face. He looked more closely and saw that the magician had finally come into her full power. He wasn’t sure how he knew, as there was nothing different about Meg, but Sam knew she was a true magician for the first time. He focused on Dean when he heard the sound of a loud inhale.
With Dean’s slick hole squeezing his cock so perfectly, it didn’t take but a few more thrusts before Cas stilled, his dick shooting cum deep into Dean’s channel. Unable to support Dean’s weight, Cas let him drop onto the bed, his cock slipping from Dean. Cas quickly collapsed next to Dean, both of them panting too hard to say anything.
“Like I said before, you should all burn in hell. There is only one way, the right way and two men together is not it. If you continue to have relations with males, I will be forced to take my business elsewhere and I have been a major supporter for you and your brother. I would think about this seriously Mr. Winchester. Can you really afford to lose my business,” Alistair asked darkly.
“Sweetheart, how many times do I have to tell you I made my choice and I don’t regret it. You have to let it go. Truthfully, I was never a good angel. Too much free-thinking to be the mindless drones Chuck intended for us to be,” Cas said, pulling Dean tighter against him.
“Hello, Dean. Did you enjoy watching the game with Benny?” Cas inquired as he shoved his phone and the paper in his sweats’ pocket.
Cas curled up closer to the man, hoping his additional body heat would help to warm him faster. He pulled a blanket over himself and soon enough, Castiel slipped into a deep sleep, exhausted after the events of the night. His dreams were haunted by blonde haired humans falling overboard.
Bobby still didn’t seem entirely convinced but let it go and reminded him to go see Benny before dismissing them. Once outside the office, Dean leaned against the wall and sighed heavily.
Dean let one of his legs drop so he could grab Cas’ free hand and intertwine their fingers. “You’ll never hurt me, honeybee. I can take more. I want to feel you inside of me so bad.”
Cas relaxed visibly. “Well, it seems all the dragons you’ve killed were rather nasty and deserved to die. They cost many humans and even a few dragons their lives. I’m sorry for accusing you of wrongful murder.”
“Sorry for scaring you. I’ll try and keep it toned down,” Charlie said. She looked back at Dean. “So, is that the only reason you stopped by today?”
The unicorn and Meg turned their heads to watch Eileen walk out of the trees, her clothes ripped in places and a few twigs stuck in her hair. One side of her mouth was curved upward as she walked towards them, her eyes trained on Meg. As soon as Eileen lifted her gaze to the unicorn, she stopped in her tracks. Her eyes filled with fat tears, and her hands trembled as she took a step closer. She stared at the unicorn with a mixture of awe and belligerence.
“That would be acceptable. I will meet you after school by the gym,” Cas replied as he packed his own backpack up except for his notebook and pencil. While they waited for the bell to ring, he continued to draw in his book.
He glared at Bobby over his shoulder. “I’m not crazy! I know, go check the footage. There are cameras on the tank. You’ll see, I had a real-life siren in that tank!”
He moaned again, his eyes rolling into the back of his head as Dean pushed his hips up, causing more friction against Cas’ erection.
Jack leaned against Dean, tears in his eyes and a smile on his face. “I forgive you, Dean, because that’s what family does. Even when you were mad at me, you’ve always been on my side. I’m glad you and Cas can finally be together and have a happy ending.”
“Well, then I guess before I leave, I will just have to make you see how wrong you are.” Cas’ voice left no room for argument.
Dean shook his head. “Not yet and I’m afraid to. What if he doesn’t want to wait for me to figure all this out? What if he doesn’t want to deal with all my emotional baggage?”
“You two know each other?” Cas scoffed. “Of course, you guys know each other; that’s a stupid question. I’m the new one around town, not you.”
Whew, finally another chapter. Sorry it took so long, school started back so that means I had to go back to work. That means a lot less writing time for me. Not to mention, this chapter really didn't write itself and I had to fight with it to get it finished. Hope it will be worth the wait.
Cas and Sam quickly removed the IV lines and carefully laid Dean on the dirty floor. Sam put two fingers to his brother’s throat and sighed with relief when he felt a pulse. “It’s weak, can you replenish his blood?” He asked the angel who was kneeling next to him.
“True that! Good job, kid; now let’s see if it tastes as good as it looks,” Dean said, grabbing a piece of bacon and shoving it into his mouth. He moaned around the mouthful. “Twis tis dwelisus,” Dean said.
Cas’ shoulders slumped in defeat. “It’s his soul. I’ve never seen a human with a soul who shines so brightly, more so than any angel’s grace could hope. He cares more deeply than any other human I’ve ever come across. That means when his heart breaks, the cracks run deep, and they never heal. He is broken Michael, but I know I can help repair him. He doesn’t deserve the path he’s going down.”
Dean shook his head. “Well, duh but still, the likeliness is uncanny. I’m sorry for running into you. You’re right, it was my fault.”
Cas opened his mouth to reply but didn’t get a chance to say anything. “Daddy, Papa, look what I got!” Jack came running up to them, his hair disheveled, and a few globs of yellow icing splattered across his face. Behind him was Charlie, a box held in her hands.
“That’s because there’s never been anyone I’d want to get married to. You’re different. You’re the most special person in my life, and I want to spend the rest of my days waking up next to you and falling asleep beside you. I want to be able to call you more than just my boyfriend, and I figured husband has a nice ring to it,” Dean said, his smile brighter than the sun. He leaned his head forward and slid his nose against Cas’ before once more kissing the man.
A few hours later they were settled on the couch watching another movie, this time it was the Lion King. It seemed Cas really liked animated movies. He was now wearing one of his grumpy cat shirts and a pair of shorts while Dean was in a shirt and sweats.
Without a word, Sam and Jack slid into the back seat. Cas slid into the passenger seat and Dean pulled him close, wrapping his arm around Cas’s shoulders and dropping a kiss into his hair. Before they headed back to the bunker, they would be picking up Eileen and stopping by to visit with Jody, Donna, and the girls. They would also check up on all the Apocalypse world hunters along the way.
Cas was hesitant when he answered, “I’ve dreamed it before, but it doesn’t make sense. I was in a cage, but I wasn’t human; I was some black four-legged beast. There were wagons full of creatures, and there was a red-headed woman who kept us in the cages.” Cas shook his head, trying to clear his mind of the fog that hovered. “I’m sorry, Your Highness, I won’t trouble you any longer. I’ve dreamed about it before, and I’m sure I will dream it again. If you’ll excuse me.”
“It’s Sam. I’m just saying, it’s been a long time since I’ve seen you smile like that,” he replied as he stood up and tucked his phone in his pocket.
When he walked down twenty minutes later, Cas was still sound asleep. He gently shook the man until his blue eyes flickered open. “Hey there sleepyhead,” Dean whispered.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. For the past, like, fifteen years, there’s always been some big bad to fight. Kind of don’t know what to do now that the world is at peace,” Dean said into the quiet room.
Dean grabbed his robe off the corner of his bed, sliding his arms into it and tying the sash loosely around his waist. He shuffled to the kitchen and headed straight to his coffee maker. He grabbed a filter and scooped a couple of tablespoons of coffee grains into it. Dean set the filter inside the maker and pressed the brew button. While he waited for his coffee to brew, Dean put a few pieces of bread in the toaster and pulled the butter and strawberry jelly from the fridge. By now, the nutty aroma of coffee permeated the kitchen, and Dean took a deep breath, letting the scent fill his nose.
Once Cas and Eileen left, Sam and Dean got to work on fixing up the back yard. It was three in the afternoon by the time they were done with everything that Dean wanted done. Dean finished a few last touches while Sam went upstairs to shower and pack a bag before heading to Eileen’s. He wished Dean luck and headed out the door. After Dean had his turn in the shower, he headed downstairs to start working on dinner.
Castiel smiled one of his gummy smiles before throwing his arms around Dean and hugging him tightly.
Dean leaned his head against the wall, his hands gripping Cas’ waist tightly. “Babe, gotta stop. I already took a shower and don’t wanna have to change clothes a second time.”
“Yeah, you guys did,” Jo shouted, flinging herself into Dean’s arms. “I’m so happy for you guys! It seems like Dean got the stick out of Cas’ ass!”
“I know. I’m trying to fix it. I won’t come with the clan. It is not my home. I don’t have a home anymore,” Castiel replied, the truth of the words hitting him.
“Everybody is outside. It should be starting in a few minutes. I’ve gotta go check with Jack, and then I’ll be right back.” Sam disappeared, leaving Dean alone.
After sharing kisses for a few minutes, the two men broke apart and walked to the single table that had been set up in the middle of the barn. There was a white tablecloth spread over the table with a few red rose petals scattered across it. In the middle of the table sat a wooden lantern with three candles flickering inside it. A large vase filled with Cas’ favorite flowers, sunflowers, and purple roses, sat next to the lantern. There were two metal domes with steam rising from them sitting on each side of the small round table.
Dean and Cas had been married for five years. It had been a small civil ceremony with around thirty of their closest friends and family. Sam still teased Dean that he had gotten married before him and Eileen. Dean would always reply with, “When you know Sammy, you know, and I knew Cas was it for me.” The following two weeklong honeymoon in Fiji had been some of the best days of their lives.
Dean’s thrusts were becoming erratic as he chased his own orgasm. He felt it building, his balls tightening. Cas’ body squeezed around him, and it was enough to hurl him over the edge.
Cas took one last look at his cake before slicing a large piece out of it. He faced Dean, and after the count of three, they shoved cake-filled hands at one another. Dean, taking no mercy on Cas, smeared his cake all over the other man’s face. Cas gave as good as he got, making sure to cover Dean’s entire face with yellow and black icing.
Dean snorted. “Hell no! Jack is gonna zap us there and then zap us back. Ain’t no way my ass is getting on a plane.”
Sam ran his hand through his hair. “This is your guys’ day, and we wouldn’t want to take away from that.”
“You said you always wanted to recreate the scene from Tangled and I wanted to do that for you. You’ve done so much for me and have made me so happy these past couple of weeks that I wanted to do something nice for you.” Dean’s cheeks were dark red as he stared at Cas.
He watched as Dean struggled to accept the offer. He was a proud man and asking and accepting help didn’t come easy to him even if he desperately needed it. Cas once again used a little of his grace into making Dean accept the offer.
Sam laughed, his voice echoing in the quiet apartment. “Neither would I, neither would I. Anyway, I was calling to see what time you were coming over for Christmas dinner next week. Bobby, Ellen, and Jo will be over around one so Ellen can help with the food. Charlie and Gilda are showing up around three, and Ash and Benny said they’d be here sometime before four.”
They turned to see Rowena and Crowley standing together. Dean and Cas were silent, neither knowing what to say.
The bullet lodged itself deep into Chuck’s skull. Instead of blood, a bright white light poured from the wound. Dean, Jack, and Michael were all thrown back as Chuck’s body imploded on itself. When Dean was finally able to open his eyes, the only thing left where Chuck had been were scorch marks. He stared at the barren spot for a moment before turning to his companions.
“The unicorn and Ammit disappeared, and Rowena and Crowley were killed,” Cas cried out, seeing ghosts that Dean couldn’t glimpse. His whole body trembled, but suddenly he recognized Dean, freezing in place.
It seemed Dean had said the right thing as Cas visibly relaxed and stripped out of his clothes before diving into the pool. Dean watched in amazement as Cas shifted from human to siren. He studied the transition with the brain of a researcher even if he never intended for anybody else to ever know about it.
After a few minutes, the song ended, and cheers erupted all around them. Dean pecked Claire on the cheek, and Cas ruffled Jack’s hair. Claire and Jack scurried off the dance floor, heading back to the stereo, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
“I have an improvement to your plan. Hold on.” Sam ran back into the house and returned carrying a few beach towels. “If we wrapped these around him like a sling and then pulled, we might be able to leverage it better. If that doesn’t work, we could always try one of us pulling him out and the other pushing his tail out while being in the pool.”
One finger quickly became two which turned into three and before Dean realized it, Benny’s condom covered cock was sliding into him. His nails raked against Benny’s tanned back as his channel was stretched wider than his boyfriend’s three fingers.
When Meg turned around, she saw that Eileen, Sam, and even Charlie were staring at her. None of them said a word as Meg lowered herself to the ground and wrapped her cloak around her shoulders. They knew that their part of the story had come to an end. The rest was for Dean and the unicorn.
Dean had been scuba diving dozens of times but never like this. Cas was able to point out dozens of things he would never have noticed on his own like underwater caves, animal dens, and even a few species he had no name for. The highlight of the trip had been when they crossed paths with a leopard shark. Dean had pointed excitedly and spent minutes just watching the creature swim languidly through the kelp.
They came to a stop beside a large desk piled high with papers, cards, and a dozen other things Cas couldn’t name. He watched as Charlie flipped through them before pulling out a manilla packet with his name on it. She opened it and pulled out the paperwork he had asked for. She handed it over for him to check.
“Because it wouldn’t have been true. I’m a lot of things but I’m not gonna tell somebody I love them if I don’t mean it. That would just be shitty.” Dean grabbed his beer and took a sip trying to moisten his suddenly dry throat.
“Daddy, Papa, quit making out and let’s open presents! Santa worked so hard to bring them; the least we can do is open them,” Jack said from behind them, causing his dads to dissolve into laughter.
“Then why did you run away?” Cas’ voice was full of hurt, and Dean hated himself for causing it in the first place. Dean waited too long to answer. “Dean, there’s something wrong between us, but I can’t figure out what it is. Ever since… ever since Jack pulled me from the Empty, you have been distant. I thought… had hoped… nevermind.”
The scowl quickly turned to surprise at seeing the bag full of food on the table. “When’d you go get this?” His words were still a little slurred. Dean was never fully awake until he had at least a cup of coffee flowing through his body.
Jack, in his excitement, ran past Cas and into the front yard. Cas hurried after his son and picked him up, wrapping his arms around him. “Jack, you don’t have any shoes on, silly. You’ll catch a cold, and then you won’t be able to play or have fun on Christmas. Let’s go get changed; then we can come outside and play.”
Meg rolled her eyes. “Yeah, well, believe it or not, I’ve actually missed you guys.” She pulled Cas into a tight hug, giving away just how much she had missed them.
Dean at least had the courtesy to look ashamed as he was scolded by his mother. “So, you heard about that?”
Cas shook his head, a few tears falling onto the plumage in his hands. “It’s a death sentence Missouri. A body simply can’t handle the transition from angel grace to human soul.”
“I guess you’re right. I don’t know how much either of our paychecks will be, though. I have to edit the budget but can’t do that without knowing how much we will be making,” Cas replied.
The unicorn sidestepped the man easily, a laugh escaping him, as light and airy as a butterfly’s wings. The unicorn pranced around the farmer and said, “Ha! I have been chased hundreds of times, and all humans know that a unicorn loves a challenge! You think you will catch me with a simple piece of leather?”
Dean took the bottle out of Cas’ hand without hesitation and drank it down in one gulp. Cas watched him to see if anything happened, but Dean continued to sit there and stare blankly in front of him. Cas pulled the other bottle out of his bag and opened it. He sang his song once again to activate it. Once the potion had settled down, he put the lid back on.
Meg dropped her gaze; a frown etched on her face. “I can’t. There’s nothing I can do,” she replied bitterly.
Twenty minutes later, Dean was pulling next to the dock. He walked onto the deck of the boat, glaring at Alistair. He looked at Cas who was still lying helplessly in the sling. His whole body was slumped against the deck, utterly defeated.
The man was still for a second, his gaze flitting between the two women. Then suddenly, he moved and was on his feet in one fluid movement. The cloak fell into Eileen’s lap as he took a few steps away, uncaring or oblivious to his nudity.
Cas eyed Dean warily. “You could take a couple more pain pills if you want. Your face is going to hurt something awful tomorrow. It will probably be a good idea to stay home, but you’re stubborn enough to work through the pain.”
Castiel watched the people leave the room but said nothing. Unlike when he was a unicorn, as a man, he held resentment and betrayal in his heart. He had not forgiven Meg for turning him into a human or Eileen for letting the magician do so in the first place. He cared nothing for the king or his sons. He simply wanted to find the other unicorns, free them, and return to his forest. If he never saw another human after this quest, it would be too soon.
Cas’ eyes were glistening blue as he reached out and laid his palm on Dean’s shoulder. “Goodbye Dean,” he said, his voice thick and full of emotion.
“Yes beloved,” Cas said with a smirk as he wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulders and one under his knees. He lifted the hunter easily as he spread his wings wide and flapped them, slowly rising into the air. Once he was about twenty feet above the ground, he hovered in the air to allow Dean to get used to the height.
Meg watched the men scan the trail, praying they didn’t look up. She shifted slightly, a fatal mistake. Her foot slipped on the branch, and the leaves rustled around her.
The man walked in circles, his hands held in front of his face. He moved like a limping donkey, and his face was that of a child who had been scared by something silly. It would have been comical had he not been so beautiful. He was terrified, yet he looked more stunning than someone who was bursting with joy.
He smiled as he turned around so that he could face Benny. The Cajun leaned forward and pressed a light kiss to Dean’s lips. “So, how long do we have before your dad gets home?”
“Psh no. I also want a couple of slices of your awesome apple pie and a peppermint hot chocolate,” Dean answered.
“You feel so exquisite around me Dean. You suck me in so well,” Cas gasped as buried himself in Dean’s tight body.
Cas took a seat opposite him and filled a plate for himself. “Dean, is there a reason for making such a breakfast?”
“My dad and I had a complicated relationship. We had hardly spoken before I even went to college. By the time he died, I had an apartment of my own and Sam came to live with me while going to college for finance and architecture. I was working with a furniture design company at the time, waiting for Sam to get his degrees. During his senior year, we started figuring out how to start our own business and by the time he graduated, we had successfully created Winchester Bros Furniture Company,” Dean finished proudly.
Before a fight could break out, Meg jumped to her feet. “How about I entertain you for the night! I may not be able to sing or play the lute, but I have other talents that can be just as entertaining. I am a magician, and I’m sure my magic isn’t something you see very often.”
He started walking, the company only an hour’s walk away. As he neared, he was able to make Dean outside the front building talking to another man. He got close enough to hear but made sure to stay out of sight.
Sam stepped up beside him, a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Gone. He fell into the ocean once the unicorns had fled.”
Dean’s cake was, to nobody’s surprise, an exact replica of his beloved Impala. “Oh my gosh, right down to the weapons in Baby’s trunk.” Dean plastered a sloppy kiss on Cas’ lips in front of everyone, overjoyed with how well his husband knew him.
Green locked with blue as Dean whispered, “I love you, Cas. I have for years; I was just too afraid to say anything. Too afraid to lose you as a friend. I need you in my life, Cas. I didn’t think… I didn’t think you loved me the same way, and I was afraid if you found out the truth, you would leave the bunker.”
Cas started to reply when Dean’s phone started ringing. He picked it up to see who was calling and frowned. “Someone is trying to Facetime me, but I don’t recognize the number.”
They met in the middle for a deep kiss, oblivious to the celebrations behind them. When they pulled apart, they leaned their foreheads against one another, just staring into each other’s eyes. They broke apart when an arm was slung around each of their shoulders. They looked up into Sam’s smiling face.
Once they had calmed down, Dean grabbed a spare rag and wiped them off before bending over and wiping the cum off the deck of the boat.
Dean took a sip of his coffee. “I guess I’ll be over around ten. That will give me enough time to make the pies and kick your butt in a few rounds of Magic.”
“It’s people like you who are ruining the world. Our children see such acts and think they are something to emulate. Gah, you should all burn in hell,” Alistair spat, disdain clearly written on his face.
“C’mon, Cas, better not keep ‘em waiting,” Dean said, getting to his feet and pulling Cas with him. He kissed Cas once, twice, thrice, just because he could.
Cas’s eyes roamed the room, looking at all the sigils that still covered the walls. “This is the barn where we first met.”
Dean wiped at his eyes, and if there were a few unshed tears on the back of his hand, Cas didn’t comment on it. “You’re right, I did. C’mon, monkey, let’s get you those cupcakes.”
Michael cocked his head slightly. “You have changed. The Dean Winchester I knew years ago wouldn’t have hesitated at making this deal. You’re not that brash anymore it seems.”
“Well, that went great,” Cas muttered to himself. He jumped when his phone started ringing. He pulled it out, and his face blanched. Cas hurried to his room, not wanting Dean to hear the call. He pressed the green phone and said, “Hello.”
Dean leaned his forehead against Cas’, barely an inch separating them. “It’s always good to love yourself.”
The unicorn shook his head, tossing his mane back and forth. “Please, butterfly, if you’ve seen more of my kind, please tell me so that my quest may be over!”
“It was because he caught me with Benny. We were in my room, doing you know, and he caught us. He told Benny to get out and for me to meet him in the kitchen. He said I was a faggot and it was even worse that…that I was on the bottom. He said he was going to make sure I never brought another guy home,” Dean explained, his voice barely loud enough for Sam to hear.
“Oh, I was,” Cas argued. “I just don’t remember most of it due to Naomi’s brainwashing. But, after meeting you, I changed. You taught me about free will and what was worth fighting for. You also taught me about love.” Cas pressed a tender kiss to Dean’s lips.
“C’mon, Cas, let’s grab a seat while they go play in the kitchen,” Dean said, pulling him towards one of the tables.
Rowena stepped towards the cage, her lips twisted into an ugly smirk. “I’m surprised you know of King Winchester’s Bull. The Red Bull was the one to gather up all of the unicorns and force them towards the king’s lands, but it seems he missed one. I could tell the king of your location, but I don’t think I will. You belong to me now, and the king shall not have you.”
“Please, can I just use your place to fix my car up? I can’t afford to pay for it to get fixed,” Dean said angrily.
“Dean,” Cas said gently, placing his hands on top of the other man’s. He waited for Dean to look at him. “These changes will take some getting used to, but they aren’t unwelcome. I love that Jack is already calling you Papa and that he took to Charlie. I worry that I’ve kept him too sheltered, but I’m so afraid of him getting hurt… as I did. I never want him to experience the things that I went through with my family, well, our family.”
Cas stepped forward with his hand outstretched. “Castiel Novak. It’s good to meet you Benny, I’ve heard a lot about you.”
Dean blinked in the rising light. “The Bull is coming.” He took off down the passageway, his steps eager and bold, like those of all heroes. Castiel followed slowly behind, his steps hesitant but regal. Meg, Sam, and Eileen followed behind them.
Dean shook his head. “No. If God can’t save him, what makes you think we could? We just have to live our lives and make sure his sacrifice isn’t in vain.”
The unicorn watched the magician disappear before focusing on the crowd in front of him. “The unicorn,” Crowley said simply, stepping to the side. The unicorn could hear the rapid heartbeats and see tears glistening in the eyes of the crowd. As he looked at each individual face, he saw wonder and joy, and he knew that they recognized him, if only thanks to Rowena’s magic.
“Ok, let me pack my stuff, and I’ll be there as soon as I can. I’ll ask Sam if he can come help. Eileen is too pregnant for her to come,” Dean replied, already heading to his room.
After the funeral, Cas took a month off work to come to terms with Ellie’s death and bond with his newborn son. While he missed Ellie dearly, Jack filled his days with smiles and laughter, aiding Cas in moving on. Not wanting his brother to be alone, Gabe had insisted that Cas move out of Ellie’s apartment and into his house. Having Gabe to help out with Jack, especially on the bad days, was a blessing in disguise. Although Cas still missed Ellie terribly by the time he returned to work, he had adjusted to his new life of being a single dad.
“Are happy,” Mary finished. “We’re finally together again, and that’s what we’ve always wanted. We hate not seeing you boys, but we know both of you are in good hands between Cas and Eileen. We had our chance; it’s your turn now.”
Dean’s shoulders slumped and he leaned heavily against Cas’ strong form. He was scared and didn’t want to imagine what would happen if Alistair got his slimy hands on Cas. He would only care about making money and getting famous from having discovered a new species, especially something as magnificent as a siren.
When they returned home, Sam hurried inside to pack a bag as he was heading over to his girlfriend’s house. He said goodbye to Dean and Cas and headed out to his truck. Once he was gone, Dean pulled Cas into his arms and kissed him with a fervor.
Dean couldn’t hold back the tears as he stared at all the familiar faces of the people he had lost. On the left side of the aisle sat his mom, dad, Bobby, Ellen, and Jo. Kevin, Ms. Tran, Charlie, Ash, and Mrs. Moseley sat on the aisle’s right side. When his eyes traveled to the second row, Dean let out an audible gasp. Sitting next to Rowena was a person he thought gone for good. Benny caught him staring and gave a small wave. On the other side of Rowena was Crowley, another face Dean never thought he’d see again. Sitting next to Crowley was Dean’s gift to Cas: Meg. Since Jack had brought angels back from the Empty, Dean had asked the kid if he could bring back a very special demon.
Cas followed him and wrote down what Dean said they were in short supply of. Once that part of the list was done, they wrote down what food they wanted to get. Cas made sure to put as many long-lasting staples on the list as possible. Soup and sandwiches would become a common meal for the next few weeks. At least until Dean found a steady income. After the list was complete, they grabbed their wallets and headed out the door.
He tucked the gun back in his pants, chuckling as he walked away. He shut the gate behind him, heading up the dock away from the institute.
The next day was spent packing up orders and getting them ready for pickup. Sam got all the finances up to date while Dean cleaned the workshop down after the last order had been picked up. Once the door to the workshop was shut, Sam hurried upstairs to shower and pack before heading to Eileen’s. Dean made sure to double check Sam had everything before giving his brother a hug and wishing him fun on his trip.
Ten minutes later, Dean was standing in front of the mirror, looking at his reflection. He had to admit he looked damn good. He smoothed the black fabric of his jacket, making sure to erase even the smallest of wrinkles. His white dress shirt contrasted nicely with the black jacket and light gray bow tie. Everything fit like a glove, showing off all his assets. He didn’t even want to know how Rowena knew his measurements. He ran his hands through his hair, effortlessly styling it.
He pulled one off the fridge and looked at it before walking over to Dean and showing him the picture.
Jack stepped up in front of all of them. His eyes flashed gold as he said, “You will not kill anyone! I won’t allow it any longer.”
Cas shook his head as he reached inside and pulled out three thick comforters. “You were presumptuous, weren’t you?”
Cas’ lips turned up in the corners at his son’s enthusiasm and a slight lisp. He ruffled Jack’s hair, then hurried to the bathroom. After taking care of his business, Cas washed his hands and donned his favorite robe, which was a soft cream color and covered in lots of fat bumblebees. “Alright, monkey, we’ve got chocolate chip pancakes to make!”
“Eileen is Deaf. She can’t hear you, but she is good at reading lips, although you need to talk slowly and clearly until she gets used to reading your movements,” Meg explained, still glaring at the woman.
Eileen strode forward and placed her hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “That is because you aren’t in your true form. You said you felt your magic which means it isn’t gone; it’s just locked away. Once you’re in your proper form again, all of your powers, and strength, and majesty will return. I assure you that.” She was tempted to pull Castiel in her arms but was unsure how he would react.
“Hey, I had a service and you were willing to pay for it. I just hope it was up to your expectations,” Charlie said as she headed back to the door to her apartment.
Thank you to notwithd for your awesome input and keeping me straight with this chapter as well as lonewolf34500 for being the wonderful beta that you are!
Benny nodded his head. “Not as much since I married Andrea but yeah. Talking to you now though Dean, I don’t think we would have worked out. I always wanted to come back to Louisiana and you dreamed of having a business with your brother. There’s no way we both would have been happy. I wish we had split on different terms, but I think it was for the best, cher.”
Cas, who was clad in nothing but a nightshirt, stopped and stared at the prince with large eyes. His gaze was full of fear, and Dean felt sorrow gather in his heart at seeing how distraught Cas looked. He took a step forward and said, “Good evening, Cas. Is everything alright?”
Dean watched as Sam cried over his dead body. He walked up behind his brother and placed a hand on his shoulder. “You’re welcome, Sammy. I never minded having to watch over you. Now, go watch over yourself and the rest of our friends and family.” Dean looked up, and his eyes traveled to each of the people’s faces who were gathered around the barn. “I’m gonna miss you guys, but I’m glad to know you’ll get to live your own lives from here on out.”
Cas slowly nodded, his gaze back towards the ground. “Thank you, Dean, for not being cruel about this. You’re not the first guy I’ve had this happen with. Maybe I really don’t know signs of flirting. I would like to still be friends; you are one of the few that I have.”
“Now, nobody can have your grace. Enjoy your life Castiel and tell Dean this is his reward for a job well done.” In the next moment, Billie was gone.
Dean raised his legs in the air, exposing his tight entrance to the other man. “I’m yours angel. Always have been and always will be.”
Dean started to say something, but he shut his mouth as he stared at Cas. His gaze took in Cas’ features and the coat he was wearing. His eyes filled with disbelief the longer he looked at Cas. “Do I know you? You look awfully familiar.”
Sixteen-year-old Dean walked into his house, his friend Benny following along behind him. His dad was at work and Sam was having a sleepover with a friend, so they had the house all to themselves. They headed to the kitchen, both starving after having been at school all day and then having to go to their baseball practices. They each played for their high school’s team.
“Just when I thought my Christmas shopping was done,” Dean said good-naturedly. “Guess I’ll have to get a few more gifts for my soulmate and ridiculously cute son.” Dean grabbed Jack around the waist and plopped him on his shoulders.
Cas shook his head. “No, nothing of the sort. I never even went to college. I have done quite a bit of travelling in my time though. I had some very wealthy friends who always drug me with them. Otherwise, I’ve worked odd jobs here and there but nothing very grand I assure you.”
The two Winchester brothers spun around to face Castiel. Sam’s face broke into a smile as he replied, “Hey Castiel. We come here a lot so it’s kind of surprising that you haven’t run into us before now.”
Cas frown turned into a soft smile and his eyes lit up. He stepped into Dean’s personal space, one arm wrapping around Dean’s waist, the other around his neck. “From the moment I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition,” Cas whispered before capturing Dean’s lips in a passionate kiss. He poured all his adoration and devotion into the embrace, hoping Dean would understand.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Are you always this dense?” Dean glared at him. “Dean, I can give you some of the gemstones from the cave to sell to earn enough money to go to your brother.”
The scenery changes again. He hears another rumble of thunder in the distance. He follows some dirt roads. He sees the barn, the place where they met. Parks the car, he’s not sure why but he checks out the trunk. It’s empty, save for a trenchcoat and that jacket with Cas’s handprint. He takes them both into the barn.
“Cas, you stupid angel, I’m in love with you, probably have been since you first walked into that barn, light bulbs popping. Ok, maybe it wasn’t love, maybe it was more like lust. But I’ve never felt that way.  I wanted to give myself over to you. I used to dream about touching your wings, the way they were then. Huge, powerful. God, then Metatron, and the way they looked after all that. I cried, Cas, over what being with us had done to you. I should have been there for you. Shoulda … should’ve done a lot of things. “
Damn, Cas as the smokin’ hot commune leader who’ll invite you to the orgy if you play your cards right. Sign. Me. Up.
Cas and Dean have been the yin and yang of Little Wing since Chuck Shurley hired them on two years ago -- Cas’s in-depth knowledge of classical, jazz and folk a natural counterpoint to Dean’s passion for rock, blues and old country. It’s a bit of a love-hate but it’s a solid work relationship except when, like today, Dean’s love of things loud and guitar collides with Cas’s love for all things bop and big band.
Lyra seems much happier now. He sits next to Lyra. She stand up, like she doesn’t fully understand something. She looks at Cas’s front, then at the back.
“Yeah, Cas. We can cuddle.” Dean seems to glow a bit at the suggestion. “Just don’t throw up on me.”
Is that a jab? Cas isn’t sure. Two years of radio silence, and this is what he gets. He’d expected an apology, something, anything other than fuck-me eyes, a towel, and a chat about the fucking weather. Dean looks at him again.
Dean opens his eyes.The wings are massive, spectacular -- iridescent blue-black that shimmers silver when he tilts his head just so. He kisses Castiel chastely on the lips. “Wow! Cas, they are amazing…. can I touch them?”
“Monsters Inc. It’s a kids movie. Ben loved it. We don’t have it. Has your mojo ever pirated movies?”
It’s unlikely that Cas could eat even if he hadn’t had an ill-advised roadside burrito three hours ago. At this precise moment, he fears he may throw up. He hates that Dean reduces him to this. It’s been two years, five weeks, and four days since they last spoke, he should be done with all these feelings.
Castiel laughs and it’s the most amazing thing Dean has ever heard. Their eyes lock once more, Dean bites his lower lip, wondering if perhaps he’s said too much.
He only called him Castiel when they were pissed with each other. Cas just ignores him and starts stacking up logs by the house. But Dean is now in a snit. He can’t help but keep criticizing and explaining how things are supposed to be done.
“Cas, you’ve done things to me that should have killed me just last night. When we kissed a minute ago, you healed me. I pray when I’m looking for you. I know you’re not human. But there is only you for me. It’s always been you. And I’d like to see all of you if I could.”
He’s not sure what to do. The ingredients are there for a summoning spell, so he tries it. It takes a few tries but he finally manages to get a drop of blood out of himself. Missouri always said that most of this stuff was intention anyway. He recites the words in latin, and lights the match and drops it into the bowl.
He’s not sure if getting to see Cas one last time is going to make it better or worse, if they can’t have each other.
With a shimmy, Dean encourages the pants off his chiseled hips and steps out of them. Cas gasps. Dean’s completely naked before him.
“This whole mating thing is antiquated and we can do better both as a society and as people. Gabriel, I know deep down you are a better man.”
But if Cas’s death has to mean something, and the world is saved, maybe Cas’s last gift was a semblance of a normal life. Maybe now is his time to bow out of the monster game, get a job in the middle of nowhere midwest, fix a few cars. Alone, with minimal human interaction and wait out his time topside. He knows enough to know that when he passes it’s not the end, but heaven just doesn’t hold much appeal.
Then he is out of his body. He doesn’t remember this from the last deaths. Sam’s crying. Dean puts his hand on his shoulder, even though he knows Sam can’t feel it. He looks around. There are no reapers, there is no road, no bright light, nothing. Fuck, this can’t be good. He tries not to panic.
“You wouldn’t dare tell mother!” Castiel would really rather die than spend his Thursday doing this.
“Damn the power’s out. I’ll get candles,” Dean says and stands up and tries to dart out of the room. But Cas catches his wrist. “We’ll need to get the generator going.” Dean continues as he tries to get away.
But it might have been any of those things, or it might have been that Dean had a problem. Everyone knew that since Cas left Dean was either drunk, getting drunk, passed out, or hungover. Dean saw it as fulfilling his dad’s prophecy that he was never going to amount to anything other than a fuck-up no one loved. He decided that if couldn’t have any of the good stuff at least he could have a good buzz.
Dean takes Cas’s hand in his, and guides the fork to his mouth. Cas swallows hard. Then Dean’s eyes roll back in his head, and he moans loudly again. Cas has a list of new life goals, one of them is to make Dean moan like that for him.
“Hey dude, it’ll be ok. We’ll make sure you aren’t completely cut off.  I know it’s not ideal. But it needs to stop pissing rain for a good 48 hours, so the water level can fall a bit and they can fix up the bridge enough for you to drive over it. Take another few days after that. Give it four days.”
The only thing he knows no matter what the choice tomorrow is, tonight he needs off this road and out of his car.
“Cas, this is Baby, the most important woman in my life after my mom,” Dean says unlocking the passenger side door and holding it while Cas gets in. Dean walks over to the other side and gets in. “I inherited her when my dad died, only good thing to come out of that relationship.”
To no avail, Dean tries to parse that sentence in a way that might make sense. There is no way that this guy naked is anything other than sexual. At almost six feet, and hair that looks like he just rolled out of bed, spectacular physique, the man is pure unadulterated sex. In fact, Dean is sure this guy could walk out on stage fully clothed and stand there unmoving for a song and earn more than Dean does in a week.
He tries to slow the windshield wipers, the rain now more of a cloud of wet mist. The splash from the vehicles ahead of him means that visibility is still terrible and he can barely see the road ahead of him, so he turns them back up. He follows the lights of the transport truck ahead of him. He looks down at his speedometer, the traffic has slowed yet again. Cas curses the weather, curses every decision that led him to this moment. He’d try praying if he still believed in all that religious crap.
Within a breath, Cas is up high on the pole. In a display of flips, twirls and dips, hanging from his arms, Cas moves in time to the music. Dean wishes Cas’d hurry up and take off his pants. For the first time, he gets why people pay for this. Then, as if he’s reading Dean’s mind, Cas plants both feet on the floor and falls into a perfect split and humps the floor once. Dean is flooded with images of Cas driving into him.
Ah yes, the pretty girl needs help with an album, Dean wants Cas to be his wingman. This is an easy one, Dean should know this, it’s a classic. He calls himslef a metal head but his music tastes are quite a bit broader (though the Taylor Swift thing he will never fully understand.) Castiel tries to suppress an eye-roll, Dean probably wants to show her that he can be kind to the ugly people. That’s what the smile had been about. Foolish of him to think otherwise, Charlie is putting ideas into his head.
“Shouldn’t be. You’re hard to forget.” Dean gives a sad smile. “That’s probably a topic best left for another time.”
Dean doesn’t need to be told twice, he climbs into bed and kisses Cas once again. There is so much skin to touch and Dean takes his time.
After talking to Gabe, Dean picked up a few groceries for the night. His order consisted of frozen pizza, ice cream, a family-size bag of tortilla chips with salsa, topped off with a case of Budweiser. He stopped at the liquor store next door and picked up a few bottles of JD. By a few, he thinks it was four, but it may have been six. What he does remember is Ash, his favourite cashier, asking him if everything was ok. Dean told him to fuck off and mind his own business.
“Wait, no Dean, stay. Please? Just give me a second to catch up. I remember last night, I think.” Cas is not letting Dean get away, not again. “We should talk.”
“Fuck, Cas you been holding out on me.” Dean took a moment to appreciate the long lines of Cas’s chest. Then Dean was on him again.
“I was so fucking scared when you appeared here, Cas. My ears still ringing from our last attempt to communicate, Bobby telling me it was a suicide mission. Guess he was wrong. But man, you walked in here, I was a lot scared and a bit turned on. Maybe that’s why you kept looking at me funny.”
Over the years, there were instances where Cas was clearly trying to tell Dean something without words.  Dean knew he was and Dean, unable to cope with whatever was happening, ignored them. Dean knows this, knows now he has to live with the guilt of this. He chose not to play along, not to ask what Cas wanted. And Cas, being Cas and sensitive to all that shit or not understanding, (probably not understanding), never pressed the issue. And Dean managed to convince himself that flirting was just what they did and it didn’t mean anything more than that. Even if he got butterflies in his stomach every single time.
But without the distraction of mind-blowing orgasm, he is curious, very curious in fact, as to how big true-visage angel dick is. He tries to do the math proportionately: assuming Cas is the size of the Chrysler building, what does that mean for his dick and is that bigger or smaller than Dean himself? Why do angels need dicks in the first place, they don’t pee and they don’t make baby angels? He put away the last cup, decided he should ask Cas about it, word problems were never his strong suit.
“Thank you, Garth. I’ll get in touch with Jody to see if we can arrange something. There are some matters I need to attend to.”
“Not what I meant... My plan is to leave first thing in the morning.” Any warmth in his voice is gone, this is cold business Dean. “Get out of your hair. And we can pretend this never happened.”
“But he is a dancer… that’s what he’s studying.” Gabe counters. “And he is easy on the eyes, gives off a bit of Clark Kent vibe. Come on, admit it, if he weren’t your cousin, you’d tap that.”
In the eye of Hurricane Charlie, neither Dean nor Cas know what to say. She hands Cas the tickets and Dean two condoms and a few packets of lube. Stunned into silence, they just keeping looking at each other, at Charlie, then the tickets, then the condoms, then back again.
“If you’re going through hell, keep going,” he says out loud. He takes a few more deep breaths. Cas tries to comfort himself thinking of the cute little house waiting for him in a few weeks. Gabe and Sam found it for him on a lovely dead-end street. The previous owner even had a small garden planted. He can handle two weeks wallowing in memories at the Winchester/Singer family cottage until his place is ready. Right? Really. It’s just memories, they can’t hurt him. He wonders if Missouri is still up there. Maybe he could go visit her, seek some advice, she always had a knack for making him feel better.
“You’re here now and, not gonna lie, you smell good. You smell…”  like everything I want. “Why don’t you sit down. I can ask you my usual questions, helps get the conversation started.”
Food and the weather, two safe things they can discuss. Cas figures he might have to make a list. Still he’s thinking about what Missouri said. They do need to have a conversation or it’s going to be a very long week.
Rather than put on a shirt, he grabs the blanket off the bed and heads off the enclosed porch to watch the light show. He settles onto the loveseat thinking back to all the nights he and Dean would sneak onto the porch at night. Sure, Bobby was going to yell at them to be quiet and go to sleep already. Inevitably Dean would steal food from the kitchen: store-bought pie, chips, or cookies that hadn’t been consumed with dinner. Things were so simple then.
Cas places one of his deliciously long fingers over his lips. “Shhhhhh… Gabe told me I had the job if I wanted it. All I had to do was show up. He said nothing about not taking advantage of his dancers.”
“Sure.” The lights are turned off, the bathroom lit only by the light of the hallway. “You ok here for a second? Your room stinks, you don’t smell so good yourself. I’m going to change your sheets. There’s water beside you here and another facecloth if you need it.” Cas nods. He instantly misses Dean’s warmth. If he’s honest, he’s missed Dean every day since he last saw him a year ago at Sam’s wedding, the texts and phone calls just aren’t enough.
Cas does a quick self-assessment, he’s soaked from the rain, wearing a ratty pair of slightly too big thrift store track pants that ride a bit low on his hips and a threadbare white t-shirt that has a mustard stain on it from trying to eat a Quarter Pounder in the car at lunch. The man who broke his heart is standing there looking like sex on a stick and Cas looks like he’s been dumpster diving.
And reaches for  Cas hand. He can’t help but feel himself fall completely under the spell Dean’s charm. He reaches up and kisses him again, while Dean unlocks the car door, and holds it while Cas gets it. Cas reaches over and unlocks the driver side door. Dean gets in, Cas slides in next to him.
“I’m going back to the cabin. You can finish this by yourself.” Cas makes his way towards the road back to their cabin.
“Cas pops the Zepp Mixtape out the tape deck. “Dean, how ‘bout your place and your Top 13 Zepp Traxx?”
“Castiel, seems you left civilization and are the wilderness. Are you ok? You have to give me all the juicy details. Why is Dean there?”
“Hi,I’m Dean. I hear you’ll be entertaining me this morning,” Dean is going for cocky but it falls flat when a pair of blue eyes lock with his own. He tries to look away but ends up fixating on the slightly chapped, full lips. Damn, Gabe was right, this man is stunning.
He starts planning what retirement looks like. Figures out how to get a job, go legit. Find a small town somewhere that needs a gas station and a garage. A place that doesn’t ask too many questions. It keeps his mind busy. In the meantime, he and Sam take on a few inconsequential monsters. Easy ones: salt and burns, a possessed object or two. Nothing with teeth. Mostly.
Cas wonders if wanting to be left the fuck alone is cause enough for justifiable fratricide. He takes another pull from the bottle and prays for death to take him before his very obnoxious brother finds him.
“Oh it’s a mixtape of favourite tracks. Cassettes don’t sound nearly as good as vinyl and Baby’s not build for satellite radio, so I have to make do. But cassettes are getting harder and harder to find, I may have to consider retrofitting an MP3 player jack.”
With that Cas grabs the laptop and puts it in his room. He grabs his phone and his keys, and one of the raincoats by the door, then slams the door determined to find a way back to civilization.
Sweetie, any guy that turns down your dick is doing himself a disservice. What’s his email, I’ll send him a few of our commemorative videos, so he can see for himself what he’s given up…
“Daddy birb”  she reaches out and runs her hand around the edge of Cas’s wing. It runs a chill down Cas’s spine.
“Hush a few seconds until we can wish everyone a Happy New Year,”  Cas says only pulling away a little bit. “Then we are going usptairs and I’m going to have my way with you.”
Bobby appareared and didn’t say anything. He just sat at Dean’s beside. Once it was clear that physically Dean would be ok, he finally said: “You were fucking lucky, boy. The bottle killed your dad, god help me if I let it kill you too. Once you get out of here, we’ll find you a place to dry out.” Bobby touched his arm and left the room. It’s only then that Dean allowed himself to cry.
There is a long pause. The three dots appear, then disappear. It takes a moment and then they are back.
Cas needs a lot of things right now, a stiff drink for one. But he swallows hard and shakes his head no. Then they stare again until Cas can’t bear it. He turns around and heads back to the car. He really should drive away and not come back. But at this moment, it’s easier to deal with Dean than the interstate.
No doubt it’s a beautiful thing, but Cas and mornings are not friends. Then Dean leans down and kisses him. Maybe this isn’t so bad.
Cas presses back into Dean. It hasn’t been that long since he’s shared a bed with someone. But, this feels different. Right, somehow.
He gets out of the car and runs back to Baby. More rain. He considers running in the get a jacket. But he’s already soaked, so there really isn’t much point. He opens the car door.
Dean then slowly works up Cas’s spine, running his hands over Cas’s ribs. It tickles.Cas tries to pull away, but Dean pulls Cas’s arm gently away from his body. Then kisses up his ribs. Fucker is good at this.
Then he notices that Dean is blushing. In none of Castiel’s fantasies did Dean blushing look anywhere near that cute.
He pulls into the driveway. His worst fear is realized when he sees parked there the jet black 1967 Impala. The only thing Dean ever truly loved. He turns off the wipers. Rests his head on the steering wheel.
Cas opens his wings a bit more but doesn’t say anything. Dean continues. “Please, let me do this for you. You know, Sam and me, we love you, right? You know, I love you.” Cas doesn’t say anything but allows Dean to start preening his wings.
“When we’re old, and I’m telling Sam’s grandkids about our first kiss. I’m going to tell them about this one.”
Bobby said everyone was happy. Maybe there is an adjustment period. Maybe the pain will lessen and he’ll be his normal self again, he’ll find his bliss (Cas) like Bobby and Karen, or Rufus and Aretha (that Aretha?), or even his mom and dad. He’ll feel happiness in watching theirs. But fuck, right now, it sucks ass.
Once they were nearing the water’s edge, Dean’s head shot up and his green eyes widened as he tried desperately to see what was in front of them. He zeroed in on a spot ahead. He could barely make out two large imprints in the sand and as they came closer, he got more and more nervous. When Cas came out of the water, he was sure to leave behind tracks in the sand. Why hadn’t Dean ever thought to wipe them away afterwards? His mistake could cause his boyfriend to get hurt and he was starting to panic.
“You see, your daddy and I had been trying an awfully long time to have a little baby of our own and we were both feeling really sad when we went to sleep one night. After I fell asleep, I was visited by an angel in my dreams.”
Bobby nodded his head. “You’re right, it isn’t one of your memories because that’s not how Heaven is set up anymore. Thanks to Jack, Heaven has been completely redone. He took all the walls down, so now Heaven is one big place where people can spend eternity with all their loved ones.” He tipped his beer to the left. “Rufus and his girlfriend live down the road in that direction.” He nodded to the right. “Down that way are your parents. Don’t worry, Mary had a stern talking with John about the way he raised you boys. He’s got a big apology he owes to you and Sam when he shows up. And, inside the Roadhouse are Ellen, Jo, and Ash. Oh, and some skinny kid and his mom are inside as well. Ken or something like that. There’s a spunky red-headed girl, too. She said she knew you and Sam. She and Ash hit it off right away; they’ve been holed up in his room nerding out about technology for days now.”
Meg’s words so enraptured the unicorn that for a moment, he forgot the iron bars that surrounded him. Hesitantly, he replied, “I took you for a fool at first, but now I’m starting to believe you might be my friend. Will you help me escape this cage?”
When Cas entered Dean’s room again, he could barely look at him. Dean was nothing more than skin and bone and his breaths came out as labored wheezes. Cas trudged across the room, having no desire to do what was on his mind. If he couldn’t save Dean; the least he could do would be to end his suffering. He stared at the once handsome face and felt his heart shatter into pieces. “I failed you, Dean. I was supposed to watch over and protect you. This life was cruel to you, I hope you will find peace in death.”
A while later they finally stood to their feet and walked hand in hand back to the barn. Jack and Cas shared a long hug and a few quiet words between them. Sam and Cas then hugged one another, Sam happy to have his brother back. They all took one last look at the barn before heading outside. Jack transported all of them back to the motel Dean and Sam were staying at. With a snap of his fingers, Baby’s trunk was loaded with Dean and Sam’s things, along with a bag full of clothes for Cas.
Dean’s lips curled up in the corners. “You teach at a high school; it must get loud there at times.”
Cas finally tells Dean and Sam the truth about him Falling and how he has mere hours before his grace is completely used up. What happens when Cas runs away to ensure Dean and Sam aren't caught in the crossfire of when his grace explodes? Is there any hope for Cas to survive Falling when no other angel ever has?
Dean’s eyes went wide. “What?” he asked as Cas shoved him out of the way and he fell to the floor. Dean rolled back against the wall as he stared at Cas. The angel flashed him one last watery smile before facing the Empty. Dean watched as Cas stood tall, a smile on his face as if he was embracing the cosmic entity coming for him. Black tendrils wrapped around Cas’ shoulders and waist before spreading over his whole body. Dean caught one last glimpse of Cas’ face before he was covered entirely in inky blackness and sucked towards the hole in the wall. In less than ten seconds, Cas was gone and Dean was alone.
The unicorn looked around him and noticed that every creature was watching them, including Ammit. “Hurry, our time is running short.”
“You idjit! It’s good to see you, son. Glad to see that you got your angel and the two of you are settling down together,” Bobby said, holding Dean tightly to him.
“Dean,” Sam interjected. “Remember our dreams from when we were younger. What if they weren’t dreams? What if they were real? We never could explain how they matched.”
Alistair stormed towards him and grabbed his shirt in both fists. “What did you do? Where the hell is that creature? Where did you take him?”
Cas had never heard the sound of the magician’s footsteps. He kept his face hidden behind his hands and asked, “What was he talking about? There is nothing in the sea.”
Sadness flickered through Dean’s eyes. “I’ll never be able to make it up to you for choosing me. I know how much you gave up to be human.”
, Castiel used his own finger to write in the sand. He stood up and turned towards the mouth of the cave. He looked over his shoulder at Dean. The man sat there, contemplating if he was going to follow the other man. He finally stood up, keeping the blanket wrapped tightly around his waist. Castiel knew humans were finicky when it came to nudity and was surprised Dean hadn’t commented on his lack of clothes as they headed out of the cave.
The frown was quickly replaced with a bright smile as Jack grabbed the whisk. Cas left him to mix the batter while he poured a cup of coffee into his favorite bee mug. He held the warm cup between his hands and inhaled a deep whiff of the cinnamon bun flavored coffee. Cas took a small sip, and his eyes fluttered shut as the warmth spread through his body.
Dean glared. “You’re right, I am a researcher. But most of my studies are done in the animal’s natural environment, and when I take blood from an animal, I make sure it’s done as quickly and painlessly as possible. I have never hurt any of my animals just to find something out. I’m not like you Alistair, I respect the animals I work with.”
Sam rolled his eyes, “Riiiight. So, how come you are always the one to take his orders, make his orders, and deliver his orders? Anytime you talk about him, you get this dopey smile on your face and your eyes light up. And, you guys totally were flirting today. You pulled out more moves today than you’ve ever done with a woman.”
The skull cackled even more. “I might be stupid, but at least I know the way to the Red Bull. I guard the passageway for the king. Not even his sons know the way. So, ask me. Ask me for my help in finding the Bull.”
The butterfly ignored the unicorn. “The world seemed a bad and terrible place, all its denizens suspect, and I the lamb wandering through the valley of death with a bell around my neck.”
“It doesn’t matter Cas. Sam would never talk to me. It’s been too long and I’m sure he despises me. I was an absolute dick to him the last time we talked to each other,” Dean replied downtrodden.
“Of course, I love you, how could I not?” Dean asked as he pulled Cas into his arms. “I have from the first moment I met you,” he whispered before sealing his mouth over Cas’.
“Sam, um, I need your help with the, uh… I need your help in polishing our swords,” Dean stuttered out.
The beast was easily five times Dean’s height and nearly ten times as long. The scales were a deep blue and they shimmered in the early morning light. A large pair of leathery wings were folded against the dragon’s sides. He had a large sail running from the top of his head down to the base of his neck, thick spines every few feet that the skin of the sail attached to. He had a large pair of horns that started just behind his eyes and pointed straight back.
Once they were done eating their meal, they cleaned the kitchen up together. Once that was finished, Dean led Cas into the living room and settled on the couch.
Dean looked up when he heard the flash of a camera. Cas had his phone out and was taking pictures of them. “Dude, I think Eileen got enough pictures earlier,” Dean said, although his arms didn’t drop from around Jack’s body.
The sentinel who spoke first leaned as far over the railing as he dared and studied the approaching figures. “I assure you, Father, that the one in the cloak is a male. Even if I were blind, I would know he was a male. Can you not see his exquisite beauty?”
“Dean, look at me,” Cas requested gently. He waited until Dean turned towards him before reaching a hand out and softly cupping Dean’s cheek in his palm. “Dean, when I said I loved you, it wasn’t meant platonically.”
Dean bit back a curse as he reached to cover his crotch and Cas glared at his son, his hip now sporting a small foot-shaped bruise. “Jack,” Cas gritted between his teeth. “Please be careful where you’re stepping.”
Dean shrugged but didn’t comment otherwise. He finished his burger and pulled out some money and dropped it on the table. He stood up and walked outside with Cas following behind him. Dean stood on the sidewalk, stoically looking at the road in front of him.
Dean’s lungs and heart hitch in his chest. The urge to backtrack, to downplay Cas’ words into a heat of the moment situation and not a confession he's fairly certain he is undeserving of, is vicious. He bites his tongue and the sharp pain somewhat deters the negative thoughts, clearing his head momentarily.
And now, he was back to where he started. His family was here, he had his brother back in his life, and Eileen was a nice bonus. He was honestly glad that Sam hadn’t scared her off and married some faceless sweetheart. And depending on how time ran up here, he could be meeting his nephew soon. Maybe even the rest of Sammy’s legacy eventually. Family reunions were gonna be hell to plan.
Their wedding had been a small affair in their backyard with Garth presiding over the ceremony. On top of running a successful dentistry in his basement for compliant monsters and hunters alike, being an active part of his local community, keeping up with 3 actively growing werewolf kids and co-owning a mortgage-free property with the woman he loves while being a semi-retired hunter, Garth had somehow found the time to get a wedding officiant license on top of all that.
And fuck, if Dean hadn’t just blown his load he’d be at half mast already from Cas’ commanding tone.
“No, not...not just about Jo.” Cas replies, tired blue eyes seeking out Dean’s and holding his gaze. “I’m sorry for not doing anything sooner. For not saying anything. You were right... there was a right and a wrong, and I knew it, but I continued to be an enabler and do nothing because it was... easier.”
Except here was Cas, a celestial being beyond time and understanding, once again telling him that he was
Dean returns his attention to his laptop screen, knowing he’s on the receiving end of yet another one of Sam’s bitchfaces. Sam scoffs and steps back into the hallway, closing the door to Dean’s room shut behind him. Dean hears the metallic click of the latch and keenly listens to his brother’s receding footsteps echoing towards the front of the bunker.
Sometimes younger, arrogant, and hopeful hunters would come to gawk at the Great Sam Winchester, often asking for advice on a rather nasty monster in hopes of building their reputation. He wouldn’t exactly turn them away, but he wouldn’t offer them anything more than research, a beer, and a well earned piece of advice to not jump into any battle they weren’t equipped for. If ever a hunter needed an extra hand, Eileen would be the one to offer it.
Dean straightened himself, squaring his shoulders. He wanted to believe him, but it was hard to bypass decades’ worth of shitty mental conditioning. Being the “ideal” son for John Winchester, following orders like a good little soldier boy, and being the man the world demanded of him.
“It was the Declaration of Independence, Sammy, and ‘National Treasure’ lives up to its title, okay?” Dean shoots Sam a disappointed look. “Besides, didn’t at least one of the translated scrolls actually identify dozens of hidden gold and silver caches around Israel? Is it really crazy to think there could be more?”
He wonders how his brother sees him here. As the thirty year old brother he left behind or the old man he grew to be?
They had talked, but he ultimately decided against asking her to move into the Bunker with him. Too much of Dean was still in there. Too many memories of their time together haunted him along the empty hallowed halls like a ghost.
Sam wouldn’t stop Eileen from hunting and doing what she felt was the right. In turn, she’d turn down any cases that would take her out of state or seemed risky out of respect for Sam. It wasn’t a perfect solution, but it helped ease the fear festering in his gut knowing she would never be too far for him to reach.
There was a note of encouragement in his eyes, the way they were warm and soft and honest. Once again, Sam couldn’t help but stare at the kid in awe.
The weight he had walked in with had lifted from his shoulders. Granted, he still had to make things right with his son, assuming he decided to come back at all. He was stubborn, but Dean wasn’t as brash as his father had been at his age. He would be back, and this time Sam would actually try to listen.
Dean closed his mouth, biting back his sarcastic retort. Truth be told, Dean didn’t know what to believe. For nearly his entire life, living as a hunter was all he had ever known. All he had ever really been good at.
“Should I be?” He challenges, eyebrow quirked, sliding firm hands along Dean’s muscular thighs, thumbs teasingly brushing over the inner seam of his jeans.
Cas licks another pleasing, wet stripe along the underside of his cock, a strong hand holding down Dean’s hips to keep him from bucking. Dean swears he can see the little shit grinning to himself, all self-satisfied as he reaches the tip, kissing it with a subtle suck. The guy kept treating it like some sort of personal victory whenever Dean responded positively to his efforts.
Sam woke with a jolt, finding himself slumped over the steering wheel. He accidentally sets off the horn trying to sit up, giving himself another rude jumpscare. After getting his heart rate down to a steady pace, he realized that the passenger seat was empty. Cautiously, he poked his head out of the vehicle, looking around the disused space of the garage. The sunlight was streaming through the window at a much lower angle than what he remembered, casting the room in the deep glow of late afternoon.
He remembers when he first woke up in Heaven 2.0, the feeling of his stomach unclenching when it became obvious that he hadn’t taken the elevator downstairs like he feared. Granted, he hadn’t been sure where he ended up, but it sure as hell wasn’t...well, Hell. The place looked like Earth, smelled like Earth, but felt...neater. Like someone had decided to accurately recreate the world but the paint was still drying. He couldn’t explain it any better than that.
Cas nods, understanding, and proceeds to shed his suit jacket. He does a fairly good job at it, Dean notes, considering his restricted space. Cas folds the dark material mechanically and, after a brief moment of consideration, places it under his knees as a makeshift cushion. The intention behind it causes Dean’s libido to reciprocate enthusiastically and appreciatively.
A gust of wind comes in, tousling Dean’s hair. The silence was almost deafening, broken only by the pounding deep in his chest. Dean’s hand was still clenching onto the steering wheel like a tether. He didn’t understand how the religious folk did this all the time; just spilled their guts not knowing whether the person on the other end was even listening. All they had was the hope that they were heard, forgiven, and understood.
This led to arguments. Arguments became fights that dragged on until the wee hours of the morning. This usually ended with Sam taking refuge on their cramped and lumpy couch that was definitely not designed with 6’4” husbands in mind.
“Yeah... it’s over.” He confirms gently, still holding up the side of Cas’ face in his battle worn palm. “That guy... Harry Potter, he did it. He finished off You-Know-- Voldemort. He’s dead. It’s all over. We won, Cas.”
The party wore on, as most weddings do. There was dancing, letting Eileen smush cake into his face before kissing her with frosting-coated lips, and impromptu drunken speeches from their friends. About mid-way through the night, a couple of hunters started gently ribbing Sam about his alleged cursed dating life and jokingly warning Eileen to keep one eye open if she didn’t want to end up on the list of casualties.
“Nearly every choice I have made, every decision, I did it for you and your happiness,” Cas admitted steadily before Dean could continue. The dying light played across his face, shrouding him in shadows. After a moment, he turned back to face Dean, locking eyes with the hunter and determined to lay it all out. “I made a decision to sacrifice myself to save you without giving you a say in the matter. And in doing so I…also made a declaration that you weren’t prepared to receive.” His arms hung heavy at his sides, “I’m sorry, Dean, it wasn’t a burden I meant to leave you.”
“I was surprised how well you handled the situation, given the circumstances,” Cas admits huskily, changing the topic while massaging the sore muscles in his jaw. “To my understanding, it takes a fair amount of discipline to maintain composure when receiving a blowjob.”
Dean sits for a moment in silence. “Jo.” He breathes at last, the idea still fresh and weighing on his heart like lead.
“Is everything okay?” she asks, using her free hand to sign while she spoke. “Dean said you were looking into some missing kids-”
He took in a deep breath to steady his nerves. Dammit, how had Cas mustered the courage to speak from his heart like that?
He makes his way to the Impala feeling rather spent. It was the end of what felt like a long day. He blinks as his eyes adjust, taking a last look at the sunset casting long shadows behind him.
A few people were concerned when Sam told them there wouldn’t be a funeral pyre before the gathering, but he quickly straightened them out. This wasn’t like last time when Dean had been killed by one of Lilith’s hellhounds and Sam had been convinced he could bring his brother back.
He hardly noticed that his legs had taken over his motor functions until he was already walking up her driveway at a brisk pace. Sam could hear the keening whine and sharp clicking taps on the windows behind him as he walked away, leaving the dog behind inside the Impala. He wasn’t certain that he’d closed the driver’s door behind him, but he couldn’t bring himself to turn around and check. A tremor of dread slid through him with an icy chill, locking up his stomach and leaving his mind worryingly numb. His legs felt heavier with every step as memories of the last time he had run to Eileen came flooding back in urgency.
If Cas tries to hide his relief with a shaky laugh, Dean says nothing about it, gently kissing the dark chocolate curls at the top of Cas’ head. His usually ruffled “bed sex” hair now in a complete and total state of disarray, the stuffy scent of soot and dust permeating Dean’s nose as he inhaled deeply, exhaling a gratuitous sigh.
“Oh, I don’t know. You’re giving away the keys to your super secret boys’ club, but eh,” the blonde girl shrugs, “no biggie.”
“Anyway, I was hoping Cas might be able to appraise some of the stuff before we go around touching or tossing them. I’ve been looking all around the bunker for him,” Sam continued, leaning against the doorframe. “Library, kitchen, even knocked on his room. Jack hasn’t seen him since they got back either. Any idea where he might’ve gotten to?” At this, Dean shakes his head dismissively.
It's taken me a long time to write this (it's now March 😬) so please imagine some background Christmas tunes wherever you're reading this and take yourself back to Christmas Eve just for the time it takes you to read this.
A picture message comes through, showing Dean a fairly crowded room and he can just about see the photographs on the wall and people are
Also to fangirlingtodeath513 for being an amazing beta for the majority of the fic, you've been a lifesaver (wordsavior? typo saviour?) :D ♥
Thanks again for reading! I super appreciate it! We're winding down to the last couple of chapters now ^_^
"I'll be back." With a squeeze to his shoulder, Castiel takes off, joining the short queue. The feel of Castiel's hand on his shoulder lingers, seeping through him like a warmth he hasn't felt in a long time. Realistically, Dean knows he's only been feeling like that since he woke up.
Castiel grins and looks at his watch. “Remind me to send you a photo like that again if I have an emergency and I need you here quickly.”
Dean’s dick is as hard as a rock, straining against the panties, and he can feel the fabric against it, only serving to make him harder as Castiel is putting more vibrations on his prostate and is touching him and kissing him and fuck, just breathing. “Cas…”
“Flying?” Castiel suggests and Dean nods. That’s exactly it. He feels like he’s flying, weightless, careless, perfect.
He feels like shit. He feels too much and not enough as his previously forbidden sobs wrack his body as he attempts to drive back to his dorm. Maybe he made a mistake, but he's too blinded by what just happened that he doesn't care.
“Dean,” Cas chastised, deliberately embracing the man with his free arm and resting his chin onto Dean’s shoulder, “that’s not your decision to make.”
In almost no time at all, the brothers found Eileen waiting outside the Roadhouse, looking just how Dean remembered her. His baby brother rushed to his wife and effortlessly swept the smaller woman off her feet, eliciting silvery laughter from Eileen as he swung her around in a full circle. Dean smiled as he watched the reunited couple talk in hushed tones from inside of Baby.
“What are you, his mother now?” Dean shakes his head, glancing back to his laptop screen. “So the guy left the trench coat behind, big deal Sammy. Maybe he’s finally realized how weird it is to wear it around all the time? Or, uh, he’s...feeling comfortable to...let loose a little?” he falters, frowning slightly. He intently focuses on the empty space above Sam’s head, as though trying to come up with a more convincing argument but gives up with a one armed shrug. “It’s not like the dude’s walking around the bunker naked.” He finishes at last, returning his attention to Sam in the doorway.
