Cas stood up to go let Sam and Eileen know it was safe to come back in. Pausing, he took Dean's face between his hands, and kissed him soundly on the lips. When he drew back, he was beaming. Dean had never seen or smelled him happier. "My good Alpha," he murmured softly as he had so many times before.
As they tromped inside, they noticed that it had started snowing again, slowly obscuring the footprints they had left all over the yard.
The sun had long since set, and Bobby and Jodi's backyard was aglow with red, white, and blue lanterns. The soft light made Cas's eyes sparkle and gave his face an almost ethereal quality, like those old paintings of angels bathed in celestial radiance. Or maybe Dean was just tired and buzzed from the champagne and hopelessly head over heels in love with the man in his arms.
A conversation with Michael sends Dean into a panic attack. While struggling to calm himself, he has toxic thoughts such as that preferring the role of bottom during sex makes him less alpha/masculine. This is completely untrue. There is nothing un-masculine about enjoying anal penetration, but because Dean does not share these thoughts with Cas or anyone else, they are never explicitly contradicted in the narrative.
Dean could hear his brother getting more worked up with every word, so he quickly swallowed and said, "Sam, stop. I have no problem with Jess. I love her almost as much as you do, and yeah, her family kind of sucks, but that's not her fault, and I think by now she's proved that if she has to choose sides she'll always choose you. You two … You're perfect for each other, and I
Dean laughed from sheer happiness, and then he kissed Cas deep and slow, and then he finally slid inside Cas for real. Everything else disappeared as they moved together, getting as close as was humanly possible and pulling away only so they could feel that joining all over again. Cas was moaning Dean's name like it was the only word he knew, except it wasn't because every now and then he would combine it with "Love you". As he stuttered closer and closer to climax, he dropped the "you" and just alternated between "Dean" and "Love". Dean wasn't much more articulate, but he did manage a "Love you so much, baby" which he thought was pretty impressive since he was about five seconds away from the most intense orgasm of his life at the time.
"Okay, what is up with you tonight?" Dean said once they were alone. "Is this about us? Are you freaking out because I said it was serious?"
Dean was sitting on the bed, wearing nothing but his glasses, trying unsuccessfully to loop one of Castiel's neckties around his own wrists. "Son of a bitch," he muttered as the slippery silk got away from him, probably not for the first time.
Castiel slid along the bench seat until their hips were pressed together and took Dean's hand. "Believe me, I am as eager to take this to the next level as you are, Dean. I've wanted you practically since the moment I laid eyes on you, and I'm not putting it off because I'm not sure. I just want us to have a solid foundation. One thing I learned from my first spectacular failure of a love affair was that sex is not a good place to start. It's too easy to let it become the whole focus of the relationship, and that's when people get hurt. I don't want to hurt you."
Castiel's smile faded, and he shot a slightly panicky look at Dean, knowing that this was an excuse for Michael to talk to Dean alone without Castiel there to defend him, but Dean smiled reassuringly and leaned over to briefly nuzzle Castiel's neck, scent marking him before they went their separate ways. It was a common thing for mates and courting couples to do, and while Castiel knew that Dean was only doing it because Michael and Hannah were watching, his inner omega ignored this inconvenient bit of logic and basked in the alpha's attentions.
Castiel stood up, went over to the small desk where Dean worked on his lesson plans, and retrieved a yellow legal pad and a pen.
Dean nodded and tried not to analyze too closely why his stomach was still flip flopping with nerves. Yes, maybe he had once hoped that this weirdly intense friendship he and Cas had going could develop into something more, but with everything that had happened in the past few years — Cas dying and coming back, going crazy and getting brainwashed by Naomi — it was a miracle they had even managed to keep their friendship more or less intact. Asking for more felt greedy. Worse, it felt like tempting fate. So he would go in there, and he would talk some sense into Cas like a good friend, and then he would leave the rest to the professionals.
Dean declared that pumpkin pie was a perfectly acceptable dinner because pumpkin was a vegetable, and when he took his first bite he made a muffled moaning noise that almost made Castiel choke on his own pie. "Damn, Cas. Where'd you learn to cook like this?"
The next time he poked his head into the living room, Claire was showing Dean her brand new play kitchen, complete with pots and pans and plastic food. Dean had been right. It was the perfect gift. She had been cooking an imaginary feast since the ungodly hour of seven a.m. which had given Castiel plenty of time to prepare their actual dinner. She was now demonstrating how the burners lit up when you turned the knob and the dishwasher made noises like it was actually working when you pressed the button. Dean looked suitably impressed.
"She's beautiful," Castiel said sincerely. Knowing that Anna hadn't been poached by another restaurant made it much easier to be happy for her. He could understand her desire to spend every waking moment watching her daughter grow up. And then, for just a moment he couldn't see Anna and little Rosie. It was Jimmy standing in front of him, cradling tiny newborn Claire and smiling at her like he would give her every star in the sky if she asked. The memory cut into him like a shard of glass, and he missed some of what Anna was saying.
They brushed their teeth together in the apartment's tiny bathroom, stripped down to t-shirts and boxers, and climbed into bed on their usual sides, promptly meeting in the middle and resuming their cuddling. No one watching them move around each other with the easy familiarity of an old married couple would have believed that they'd been together for less than two months.
was implied, but she kept silent. She was about to get her way provided she didn't give him a reason to be petty.
Castiel was happy to oblige. "You look pretty edible yourself." He didn't even have to try to make his voice low and seductive. Just looking at Dean in that shirt made it drop half an octave.
"No. No, we had sex. And we agreed that we're both open to the idea of having sex again. There's a world of difference between that and a real relationship. Even
Even knowing what the response would be, Castiel wouldn't have been able to resist telling Jimmy about Dean, about how happy he'd been lately.
His face still hidden in Dean's shoulder, Castiel rolled his eyes. "Regardless, I would be honored if you would raise Jack with me as my partner, raise him as
Castiel wormed his hand between their bodies to stroke the very hard cock he could feel pressing into his hip. The idea that Dean was this turned on just from letting Castiel fuck his mouth was… intoxicating. It made Castiel feel sexy and powerful, desired and loved. "God, Dean. You're absolutely perfect for me," he breathed and captured the other man's lips in a searing, tongue-tangling kiss before Dean could argue.
A familiar wet nose snuffled at his neck, and then Grace settled in behind him so he was cradled between her and Dean, surrounded on all sides with warmth and safety. Slowly he relaxed, every shuddering sob expelling a little more of the tension from his body until he lay still in Dean's arms, feeling wide awake and more exhausted than he'd been when he went to bed.
“How you doing, little bro?” Gabriel asked as they let go of each other. He had to step back a little to make eye contact without straining his neck, and Cas reflected on the irony that his big brother was only five foot eight while Dean’s little brother was over six feet. Split the difference and you’d get an average size man.
"Okay. So in real life sometimes men fall in love with women, and sometimes they fall in love with other men. And some people think that's wrong and men should only love women, but that's not true. Some men are just born a little different, and they're not able to fall in love with a woman, but that doesn't mean they should have to be alone their whole life."
“I-It’s not actually a free period really,” Dean explains as he straightens himself up. “There’s just no students that signed up for that class so it’s just me time.” Confused blue eyes blink at Dean. “But, I-I can still totally help. If you need it or whatever.”
"I cannot imagine it would not be good enough, even though I've only seen these few pictures. You are wonderfully talented."
The door cracked open, interrupting the conversation. Ketch stuck his head into the room. “Mr. Winchester?”
Leaning forward, Gabriel kissed him as Sam came down from his orgasm. "Love you so much, Sam. Always."
"I'm just getting started, Cas. I'm not stopping unless you tell me to." Dean let his other hand move, teasing his slick as he sucked Castiel's nipple into his mouth.
"Shh... he has a Dad, who you're going to tell him all about. If he needs a guy to hang out with, I am more than willing to do that, but if you're not ready, Hannah, you're not. Don't force yourself to do something because of what other people are telling you." Cupping her face, he gently wiped the tears from her eyes. He couldn't help but find it a bit ironic.
Cas saw the flash of metal, the look of hatred in John’s eyes. He acted on instinct, barreling into Dean as the gun went off.
Sipping his drink, Dean finished his dinner only for Gabriel to plop another serving in front of him.
“I can’t wait to be at school and tell everyone about you. We need a good picture of us for my lock screen.”
Gabriel huffed, lifting his head to look at Sam. "You're sure you want to marry the animal doc? There will be more. I foster."
"Definitely whoa." The Professor licked his lips, watching Sam closely. "I don't think that I will ever get used to that."
"Breathe, Dean." Gabriel squeezed Sam's hand as Dean approached. The blond already looked worlds better, as if Sam waking had rejuvenated him somehow.
"Mm-hmm." Sam opened the lube and poured a generous amount into his palm. Then he set the bottle within reach.
"System, sweetheart. It's a gaming system, a PS4. We'll get you a different one if you want. I got Theo an Xbox, so..."Dean told her as he carried that last trip of bags in.
"Not possible, baby." Patting his ass, Gabriel headed for their brother's bedroom. "You go ahead first."
"Somebody tried to see James. We're not sure what all is going on but I have my man on it." Dean assured him. "We're flying her out and we're following. We'll be all right."
"Chillax, Dean-o. He is coming... and now, if you're up to it, Samshine." Gabriel grinned, bouncing to grab his man's shoes.
"Look at you... so hungry for my cock. My good boy, waiting to be told, too..." Gabriel stroked his hair. "Go ahead, give my cock a stroke with your hand."
"There, Honey." Settling down with James against his own chest, Dean slipped his arm back around Castiel's shoulders.
The awareness that Gabriel felt with Sam standing so close to him was unlike anything he'd ever felt before- honestly, if it wasn't Cas, people standing near him had him tensing in anticipation of moving. With Sam... he just wanted to lean back into him. "Yeah. Cas... he's mine. I'm going to cuddle him if he wants it." He looked at Sam over his shoulder,  the giant. His... mostly.
With enough wiggling, Gabriel managed to get undressed too, far too impatient to deal with the fabric being in the way.
Gabriel snorted softly, shaking his head. "What you don't know won't hurt you. Get out. I have plans for my man."
Sighing, Dean sat the plate down, then sat down next to the younger man. He felt sick, helpless, and the one thing that he
"She told me that I'm almost pretty enough to forgive it, once."  It'd been near the end, and fuck, Dean hadn't had words in that moment. She hadn't even cared that she'd upset him.
Yawning, Sam helped Gabe out of the bathroom and to his bedroom. Once they were in clean pajamas, Gabe ordered dinner while they took their pain meds. Then Sam sent Dean a text before he began combing his messy hair.
"Oh, what, you mean on this giant couch?" Gabriel held an arm out, nodding at him. "Get your ass over here so I can cuddle you."
"Clothes, Honey. Let's go get dressed, then we're getting everyone in the center of the house." The storm, bad enough that if were they in Kansas like when they were younger, Dean'd be heading for the storm cellar.
"I know that I'm getting you a good ring that'll last at least as long as we do, and hopefully can go to our kids when we're done with them." Gabriel headed over to look at another display.
"Bed- we can stretch out a little." Dean stood, then helped Castiel to his feet. "Let me take care of the stuff from our snack and we can head in."
Gabriel shrugged, "Well, you might notice an increase in libido, too, now that the morning sickness is easing up."
“I am ahead of you. I have also taken the liberty of postponing your concerts for the rest of the year, rather than the original six months.”
"I am. I haven't... in a while. I haven't wanted to make the time for anyone." Kissing Castiel softly, Dean cupped his face. He just hadn't wanted to, growing bored with sex for sex's sake. "Got tested as part of my physical."
"You do realize that I'd do that anyway, right? Without you buying me boots." But it was pretty convincing. And the boots were nice... the leather was new, and, as Dean gave in and tried them on, they were incredibly comfortable.
“I did it for you, De,” Sam murmured, rubbing Remy’s head slowly. “I knew you would have been pissed if I gave up. So I kept going.”
Laughing, Cas handed Dean a shovel. “He’s a Prima Donna. And yes, we need to muck and lay down fresh hay.”
"I'm not a complete bitch, gorgeous." She shrugged, sipping her own. "So... are you single or am I barking up the wrong tree?"
Cas looked longingly at the headphones. He wanted to hear Dean sing. With a trembling hand, he managed to point to the headphones.
"Just sleep, baby. I've got this." Dean assured him quietly, slipping out of the room. He took a deep breath, then moved into the kitchen. He blinked as he saw Gabriel cooking. Hm. He got Elias set up in his highchair, then thanked Gabriel as he put plates in front of them.
"Are you guys hungry? I figured we'd get some food and head on home so that you can settle in." And little Theo looking at his crayons. He carefully put them back and slid them on Jody's desk, looking at them longingly.
Gabriel swore, jerking the blanket over him and Sam. "Kali! What the hell?! Knocking! You could have fucking knocked."
Gabriel paled. He barely remembered moving over to try and talk to his brother, to wake him but Dean was Shhhing them.
Theo's eyes went wide as they approached the ranch and Dean started to point out where their land started. "It's so big!"
"So... I never really thought about getting married. I have no idea." Dean patted Sam's shoulder. "And I know that he used the phone thing as an excuse."
Gabriel followed him, smiling. His gorgeous, long legs ate up the floor, and the professor allowed himself to trail behind. "Let me know if you see anything interesting. Also, remember that we need to do toy friendly."
Exhaling a lungful of smoke, Gabriel held himself in the full wheel pose. It didn't look as impressive as when Cas did it, but it stretched his body, bending his back as he arched his back, his chest up towards the sky. It was more of a bridge than anything else- like he used to do as a kid. He inhaled slowly, centering himself further.
Nodding, Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat. "Got it. I better shower real quick so I don't smell like-"
“Shh. You just relax.” With minimal effort, Sam quickly bathed and redressed Gabe in a fresh pair of pants and one of his old tee shirts.
"Let's go have cake, hm?" The singer grinned down at his husband only to realize Gabriel was recording. "For real, Gabriel?"
"Garth, it's..." Dean watched as Garth moved, going to grab Castiel a piece. "Not that big of a deal."
Castiel grunted and struggled out of the boxers, desperate to feel Dean's hand. "Keep touching me, Dean. Keep touching me."
So I'm adding in a chapter, as I was rereading this and adding a scene, and it just doesn't fit in with here. This was a good end for this chapter, but we do get an extra chapter out of it lmao.
"Uh, sure. I can do that- up here or in the recording studio?" Dean grinned, actually excited to show off some of his new music. "You are gonna love it, Fergie."
Hugging his giant of a man close, Gabriel kissed his jaw. "Love you too, Sammich." He didn't quite know what he'd done to earn that profession of emotion, but he wasn't going to argue.
"I will probably annoy you with the number of selfies that I take." Gabriel kissed Sam's hair, snapping a picture. He grinned at it. "See?"
“Stop.” Castiel stalked towards the bed, suddenly holding a plug in one hand and a paddle in the other. “Your ass is
“Just a second, baby girl.” He bounced her lightly as he warmed her bottle. “I love you so much, Zeppy.”
“You are,” Cas assured him eagerly, running his tongue over Dean’s neck. “You’re making me so hard it almost hurts...”
Rolling his hips, Dean let go of Castiel's cock for a moment, starting to fuck him hard and fast. "Fuck, baby- that's so good."
Gabriel tugged Sam towards the finally fixed elevator. "Come on. I want to snuggle you on the way up."
Gabriel hummed to himself. He was home early, having driven himself half-wild. He kept thinking that
! He's breathing! Get the fuck over here!" Dean yelled- had been yelling. "You need to find what the fuck he's been giving him!"
"Hey, baby girl..." Emma held her easily, with the experience of someone who had been around babies for a long time. "I know, this is a big world, isn't it? Not at all like you're used to... I promise, it's okay..." she glanced at Sam as she started rooting. "May I feed her a bottle?"
“Good idea. He only fell asleep about an hour ago, and he only managed to do that while holding Cas’s hand.” Sam accepted his food gratefully. “And you’re right. I knew it the moment Dean saw him.”
"Good job, love. Perfect." Dean gently covered Castiel's hand with his own, feeling himself relax at the same time. "I've got you, and we're right here together. Nothing's going to happen to any of us. We're safe, and no one is getting hurt."
Dean nudged Castiel with his foot. "So... dating Gabriel?" He hated seeing that broken, sad look on Sam's face.
Castiel chuckled as he watched Gabe put the sling on and settle Zep in it. "Fatherhood suits you, Gabe."
"Me too. You're brother's more stubborn than you are, and that's saying something." Sighing, Gabriel laid his head on Sam's chest.
When the fierce omega didn't say anything, Dean nodded slowly. "I'm here to help, I promise. My name is Dean Winchester. My brother Sam is here. Have you seen him?" Damn, he wished the terror would stop in the man on top of him. "I have you. It's all right."
“You’re right. Gabe, if I had known what was going to happen... I would have made more of an effort with him.”
Two weeks later, Garth showed up at Gabe’s home with his equipment. Always cheerful and upbeat, he came inside and greeted everyone as he set up his ultrasound machine. “Are we ready to find out what you’re having?” He asked Castiel and Dean with his usual goofy smile.
Sam gladly hugged his big brother. “Get some sleep. I’m going to help Gabe take care of the horses.”
Panting, Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel's lips. "Damn, honey..." He tugged him close, tangling himself around his boyfriend. "You happy with yourself?"
Trailing his thumb over the head of Sam's cock, Gabriel watched him. His whiskey-colored eyes were hot as he stroked him. "I think the same thing when I'm riding this."
Cas was quiet for a few minutes. “I don’t think it’s a terrible idea,” he finally stated. “Lucifer is gone. Sam is going home at the end of the week.”
Dean's lashes fluttered a little as his hair was tugged. "Definitely, Cas. Do you want me to get it, or do you want to?"
Licking at his face, the dog sat in him, a big furry ball of excitement. Not to be outdone, the other two dogs raced over as well.
Fuck. They'd played with this a bit before, but had yet to film themselves actually having sex. Gabriel bit his lip hard, nodding. "Sounds perfect to me."
"Pizza works." Shutting the door, Dean headed around the car, then got in. He started the car, smiling a bit. "We'll have to see if they like it. What they want on it."
Sighing hesitantly, Cas finally broke the kiss. “We should...later. There’s no one to watch the babies...”
"Five million dollars!" Lucifer looked especially pleased with himself as he held up his paddleboard.
Moving to grab down two wine glasses, Dean shrugged. "I understand that. I've just... In past experience…"
"I know. But you deserve it. You could use the money to visit your brother when he returns to California."
"Dude, did you ask before taking some of his clothing? He isn't going to want some homeless guy wearing them!" Dean glared at Gabriel.
"Well, I'll take care of them." Gabriel double checked his bag before he knocked on the door, explaining who he was as he opened the door to the first room. "I'm Dr. Gabriel."
A few minutes later, a woman and her husband came out of the mall. They both heard the barking and the wail of a baby, and when they stumbled onto the scene they immediately called the police.
"Charlie's a pretty good cook. Tomorrow, I'll make you guys a cake to celebrate being home. Does that work?" He'd do something blander, but he'd make it good for them. "Do you like cake?" He asked them both.
"But we can tell the kids that you did it first." Cupping Castiel's face, Dean brushed his nose against the older man's. "Does that work, baby?"
They finally crawled into the bed carefully, still connected by Gabe's knot. Sam let out a huge yawn, deliciously sore.
"I'll come back later- why don't you boys text me what you want to eat?" Bobby told them, clearing his throat as he stood.
"Did you hear that, Honey?" Dean smoothed Castiel's hair, hating that he couldn't explain it better.
Castiel felt a sense of panic but he gripped Dean's jacket, which Dean had draped over him, and huddled beneath it.
"You know, I am not even slightly surprised." He shook his head with a laugh. Grabbing the shampoo, Dean made quick work of washing his hair.
"Shh... don't you ever be sorry, love. Not about that." Gabriel rocked him gently, hearing Ash get up after a moment and leave the room. He was on the phone with someone.
Gabriel smiled, "Sam, you're exhausted. I'm going to take her and let her visit with her uncles while you get some rest."
Eventually, Gabe led anna out of the house, and Sam sat beside Cas’s bed. “He looks so good,” he said quietly.
"Okay." Castiel followed Dean into the bathroom, where Dean had made a bubble bath for their toddler. There was even a rubber duck floating in the water. Castiel grinned at Elias. "Bath?"
"Well, I think he broke Sammy, so there's that." Amused, Dean kissed Castiel's cheek, wrapping his arms around him.
Gabriel moved, starting to fill the sink so that Anna could get a drink. He'd caught his brother doing it many a time in the past when he didn't think Gabriel would find out. "Here, Anna, love."
Spotting Chopin and Lucky flopped out snoring on the couch, he grinned and snapped a picture of the pair.
Cupping his face, Dean kissed him softly, instantly forgetting that his younger brother was in the room.
He took a deep breath, then nodded as he started to walk towards the waiting area. "Did I mention you get a lifetime supply of whatever candy you want from my shop?"
Spotting him reaching for his comb, Dean took his hands into his own. "Don't even think about it. You look fucking gorgeous." He pulled him close, kissing him lingeringly.
"Me too." Hell, it was like he could feel that sigh in his soul. Dean felt guilty for being happy that the boys were home when she was alone.
Dean blinked at Garth, then looked at the rain coming down. "Garth, why would I be annoyed? The threat of wind damage has lessened, we're not under the threat of tornadoes, we can go upstairs." He laid a hand on the lanky man's shoulder. "You take care of our family so much, you are a part of it."
Laughing softly, Cas retrieved a bottle of sunscreen and began applying it to his pale skin. Even short outings were a risk and Dean and Gabe insisted on the protection.
Gabriel's eyes darkened, and he licked his lips. Was he supposed to resist with that sort of imagery? He cupped Sam's ass, then sighed when their bodies didn't even slightly line up. Hmm... he could climb him...
"Where the hell did they even...?" Dean rolled his eyes, heading into the bathroom to start the tub up.
"Come on, Sammy, it's like when you were a kid and I'd get us a feast together." Dean nudged him, grinning. "Put some pants on, though."
The younger man thought for a minute. “Can we get security in here? If someone has been torturing him for all this time, and they’re here... Cas isn’t safe.”
"I just... I can't risk Cas coming up those stairs." Touching his lower lip, Gabriel sighed as he looked back at Sam. "I mean, he's healing, but... if he fell, I-"
Suddenly Gilda pulled Charlie into her arms. “I’m done hiding,” she breathed. “You’re too important.”
Unsure, the shorter man rested his head on Sam's shoulder, letting himself focus on the movie. He felt exhausted, but he still felt like his heart was racing.
Nodding, Sam pulled out of the parking spot and started the drive back to the hotel. "I'm going to read later tonight."
"Am I? Hmm... Anything I can do about that?" The firefighter nipped at his ear lobe, teasing it with his teeth before he sucked.
Sam managed to open his first and he looked ecstatic. "Gabe, you shouldn't have..." He was holding the newest iPad model, and when he flipped it over he was thrilled to find it had the highest memory capacity possible.
"About the same as you," Stilling himself, Dean took Castiel's hand and put it on his erection. They'd had this discussion before, but Dean's ego definitely liked it.
"This way." Grinning, Dean headed outside, tugging Castiel along to his bench. He'd put in the arch that they'd spoken of, along with a little fishpond with a fountain. He was damn thankful for the help that he'd gotten from Benny and Garth.
"Opus? Of course. I can drive." Dean pulled his keys from his pocket, glancing at the Professor as they walked.
"I'm sorry, hun. I was so into my book I didn't realize what was happening. Dean's pretty, though, and his lips look nice." She rubbed his back gently, winking at Dean who was blushing a bit.
Castiel sighed and leaned into the kiss, pulling Dean between his legs. "Everything is gone," he murmured, stroking Dean's cheek. "You're it. You're going to give me beautiful memories…"
"And whatever else they might like. A grand for each gift card." Gabriel told them, watching as one of the girls beamed at the suggestion.
"This... it's Claire's." Clearing his throat, Gabriel moved to hug his brother. He wasn't ignoring Sam but this... "Cassie..."
"Cas..." Dean leaned down, kissing him softly. "I need to shower, okay? I'll be with you and our pup soon."
"He's him! He's- Jodes, he sang our wedding song!" Donna pointed at Dean, who gave a little chuckle before he nodded.
Stroking his fingers through Castiel's hair, he moved so that Castiel laid against his chest as he often did while they slept. "I love your kisses... the different types..."
Humming with approval, Gabriel's fingers gripped Sam's hips, encouraging him to take what he needed from him.
"Sure thing." The girl assured him, easily getting him what he wanted. "Is there anything else that I can help you with?"
Dean bit his lower lip, watching Castiel closely. "Baby, I know that you don't want to, but you've got to. It's important. I'm going to be with you as much as I can, but you've been in a coma for over six months. Do you understand?"
"He'll need a change here soon, Cas. I'll change him and give him back." Dean said as he sat down. He bit his lower lip, watching his mate and pup. After a moment, he jotted down a few words to a melody.
"Mistletoe, Cas. Worked magic." Dean ripped the end off of his wrapped straw and blew the paper at Castiel.
"Remy was my dog- it's... he got to come home with me because his leg was busted to hell. He had surgery, he's good."
She smiled warmly and nodded. “You’ll have to take care of him for a while, but Sully will be fine.”
"I'm not leaving you any time soon," Gabriel assured him, grinning a little. "Besides, I have conveniently made it so that I have an excuse to snuggle you at every convenience."
His muscles flexed a bit under Sam's hand and Gabriel made a pleased sound, kissing him a bit more passionately.
Gabriel's brow furrowed at Sam's words, and the way his fingers slowed as they slid over his chest. "...But?"
"We'll help roll him, but you can do the lifting." Dr. Fitzgerald told them. "Sam, if you don't mind getting up..."
"Dean will be hard to do anything for." Gabriel stood as his watch beeped. "Fuck. He's got to be on his way."
Damn. Apparently, he was a lot more like Gabriel than he thought because Dean was like that. "I can understand that. I don't drink a lot being a firefighter. Before, I was taking care of Sam."
The feeling of Gabriel’s tight ass wrapping around his finger had Sam biting his lower lip. The blond was fucking gorgeous as he slipped his finger inside, working the muscled ring until he could fit another finger. The way his lover arched up, whining as his abs flexed… Sam desperately wanted to rip the bandage off so he could see his claim on Gabriel but new tattoos covered in come weren’t part of the aftercare routine.
"We're going to a little, family-owned store," Gabriel smirked, kissing Sam back. "And it will be a glorious adventure."
"He is. At least you didn't meet Lucifer. He's worse. Michael, but more of a sociopath." Gabriel looked over at him, swallowing hard. After a moment, he looked at Sam. "I wanted you to have a chance at it. I say take it and screw the bastards. They can't get out of it."
Gabriel pressed a gentle kiss to Sam's lips, watching him closely. "It's not that long until you're out of school for the summer, Samshine. You won't be without me for too long." And once Charlie and Gilda settled in from- whatever the hell they were doing, it'd be a bit less lonely for Sam.
"Mm. I'll con him into staying here if I have to." Gabriel shrugged, trailing his hands over his shoulders. "It's lonely here."
"Come for me, Sam. Such a good boy, so perfect for me. Come for me, gonna lick you from my fingers." Gabriel growled; his own orgasm painfully close.
Gabriel watched as most of the students left, finishing off his coffee. Damn. He was good. "You could always teach, Sam. Instead of law."
"Oh- but get the lube first. I haven't stocked the kitchen lately." Gabriel winked grabbing a plate for Dean. He quickly made it up, then grabbed the stuff for Cassie's feeding. Putting both on a tray, he carried it into the bedroom.
The room was dark, smelling of something rotting. Something had happened- Sam... he'd made love to Sam, who'd surprised him. What... what then?
Grinning back at Castiel, Dean gave them a gentle squeeze. "I love you, Castiel Winchester... and I love Jack. Our family..."
Snuggling against Sam, Gabriel wiped at his eyes again.  He wanted to apologize again but remembered Sam's correction. "I just... it stops after a while."
"Well, this is the perfect place for cuddling." Dean murmured as he watched his brother just... relax. Gabriel knew how to treat him, it seemed.
Oh. Shit. Swallowing hard, Gabriel licked along the path Sam's finger had taken. Just like that, he was hardening, ready and willing to complete Sam's little fantasy then and there.
"Yeah..." Gabriel kissed her hair. "Daddy's gotta go see Uncle Cassie now, I will be back soon, though."
Sam got and came around to Cas, accepting the stethoscope. With trembling hands, he leaned down and waited for Cas.
“I’m actually here with someone, but you can join us.” He gave Gabe what he hoped was a sunny smile. It didn't feel anywhere close.
Adjusting his hold on Castiel, Dean headed towards Castiel's room. "Here we go, love. Let's get you back in bed." He made his way up the stairs, carefully not to bump his boyfriend on anything.
"Ohh." Nodding, Gabriel cleared his throat a bit. "Sorry. I'm still..." He looked between Sam and Dean before sighing. "What do you think, Samshine?"
Feeling Dean’s cock harden, Cas grinned and rolled his hips again. Then he ran his lips over Dean’s neck.
"It's hysterical. I'll have to get some about chocolate." Picking up his phone, Gabriel winked at his fiance before heading to wake up Castiel.
Finally, Cas slid one finger past the tight ring of muscle. He pulled off of Dean long enough to watch his face for a moment.
"Cas wears the same expression when he is. Tug the other leg so they're the same length." Dean turned his head, winking at his fiance.
Dean eyed his boyfriend for a long moment before he nodded. Removing his boots, he jumped as the cat raced past him. "Okay. That works for me as long as you're in my arms."
A few minutes later, Sam poked his head into the room. “Hey, guys,” he murmured. “Gabe and I are going to make dinner.”
“I once came inside to find her standing at the pantry and eating Lucky and Chopin’s food. They were forlorn.”
A soft knock at the door announced Sam’s presence a little while later. “De?” he quietly called. “Athena is looking for Cas.”
Pouring himself into a chair, Dean reached for the drink in front of him only to pause. "More ibuprofen'll help. What time is it anyway?"
His boy was fucking gorgeous... Gabriel teased with the spoon between his cheeks before he landed another blow. "You are so fucking good for me, aren't you?"
"We miss you too. When you get back, you'll have to break your workaholic fiance of his habits. He's
Gabriel grunted as he set his coffee down. His phone pinged, and he blinked, picking it up. New message from *insert sn*. What? He blinked, opening it.
"Do you want more guys? I'm more worried about them too, and I'm sorry, I just... James is my Princess." The doctor bit his lower lip, rolling Castiel over to the sink.
"Sam... I'm not them. I'm your alpha, and you're mine. I'm going to be the one who is raising the pup, teaching it how to play pranks, especially on Aunt Charlie and Uncle Dean-o... a little bit of Deoxyribonucleic acid doesn't matter to me." Gabriel cupped his face as he watched him. "Okay?"
"I happen to know that Dean's got something very romantic going on- and no, I'm not telling you what it is," He made a soft sound at the feeling of Sam. "Or are you saying Cas needs to romance Dean?"
Tears slipped down Gabriel's cheeks as he stared at her. She was so tiny- but her hair was already dark and thick on her head. "Hey, sweetie... So slight change of plan..." He swallowed hard, reaching to touch her little hand with his gloved finger. "I'm gonna be your Daddy, but I promise... I'm gonna love you and raise you the best I can. And you're never gonna forget your Mommy."
“For you, Gabriel, I would go anywhere.” Sam ducked his head and kissed Gabe’s knuckles. “And I want to make a deal with you.”
Gabriel was snoring softly on the bed, the bruising starting to darken on his face and chest. He seemed to be sleeping soundly, relaxed as he hugged Sam's pillow.
Gabriel bit his lower lip, arousal slipping through him at the sound. He tilted his head, a lock of hair falling across his brow. "Samshine?"
Bouncing into the room, Gabriel froze as he saw the scene on the bed.."Ohh, Cassie, you actually seduced him! And after you told me to fuck off! Good one!"
"I like it when you pull my hair." It made him so fucking hard... Eyeing Castiel, Dean lasted about two seconds before he had the younger man hefted up against the wall in the same position as before. Fuck. He was wearing pants still, leaving Dean's bare cock against the fabric.
Sam was sitting on the bed, Atticus draped across his lap. He was petting her soft fur as he stared at the window.
Gabriel looked at Sam as he played with Benjamin. "I miss our girl. I know we spoiled her and Elias this morning, but…"
The older man felt desire curling inside of him. He slowly kissed Dean back, mimicking Dean’s movements.
Pulling him close, Dean pressed his face into Castiel's shoulder. "Hey, honey- I'm home." He teased before stealing a kiss.
"Yeah... me too. I've looked for you forever." And found nothing. He'd failed. So he and Charlie and many others had started working to get as many Omegas our as possible. It never felt like enough.
"What do you want for breakfast, Sam? I can do pancakes with fresh fruit?" Gabriel patted his shoulder and sat up. As much as he wanted Sam, he would behave if it would win him.
Gabriel moaned, melting into the kiss. He was too fucking gorgeous. Grinding against him, he nipped at his mouth.
"I did promise him." The pair threw out the food before heading towards the elevators that lead to the ICU.
Dean rolled his eyes, pulling Castiel closer. "Careful, I will volunteer you jerks for something with the calendar."
Sam didn’t look thrilled with the starry-eyed nurse who had undoubtedly come to check on him, only to be sidetracked by Dean’s presence.
"I don't want her near the stove. We can put her in her bouncer? I want her near so she can rest, but so can Sam and Dean." He explained, nudging his brother. "We put it in the living room, right?"
"Uh-huh. Exactly, Cassie. You're doing the same thing, Dean-o, so I don't wanna hear it." Gabriel stuck his tongue out at him, shaking his head a little. "See what we have to put up with, Charlie?"
"You idjits make me eat baby food and I'm going to throw it at your heads," Bobby grumbled, cuddling Jack.
"Cas..." Dean reached out, pulling him down and kissing him. "Do you know what you do to me?" His cock was hard, reaching up at Castiel's hand.
Gabriel headed out of the apartment with his brother, taking care to lock up. "Now, did you look up jewelers?"
“You think he hasn’t tried? I refused.” Sam grinned a bit, thinking about how hard his brother had tried.
"Fuck... gonna fuck me like this? Here in the water, or on that blanket, hm?" He ground himself against Sam, swearing as they slid together.
"You're a cute couple," The girl told Castiel, grinning as she headed upfront with their other purchases.
Dean grinned, setting down their plates on the tray they'd gotten for Castiel. "Just a sec, gorgeous. I will get it cut up- and don't give me that face. It's a burger salad."
"Ah, of course," It made sense, especially if his fiance was planning on staying in bed after. Gabriel was all for that.
Dean opened the door to his cabin, his hands shaking a bit. He couldn't believe that this was happening
Dean reached out and took Castiel's hand in his own. The bed wasn't big enough for all of them, hell, it wasn't big enough for three, but they were making it work. "You should tell him about Luke's family."
“See you in the morning...” Cas let out a deep sigh and snuggled in close to Dean, quickly dozing off.
“So good for me...” Slicking his fingers, Castiel pushed two into Dean’s tight ass, watching as they were almost pulled in by him. “You’re ready, my good boy?”
Squeezing Castiel's waist, Dean took a deep breath. "Ready when you are, Cas." Hell, why was he nervous now? She was coming home. They knew infant CPR- hell, Gabriel had trained everyone in the house when Zeppelin was born and refreshed them…
Cas nodded and walked with them. The display case was filled with impressive bands and gems, but his heart jumped when he saw a ring in the far corner. “Gabe...”
"You're an amazing mate... but I will be here for you if it's what you want. Always." Dean kissed his hair, holding him close.
"They are." Gabriel glanced over at his little brother who still seemed slightly overwhelmed. "I have a feeling that he'll pounce Dean after we all leave."
"I'm more likely to bug the hell out of Bobby wanting to see them." Laughing softly, the professor snuggled closer. "I can't wait to see. You must have been adorable."
Dean squeezed Castiel's hand back. "That's actually really awesome. I can curse in a few languages, but Sammy's the one who took Latin in school." Fuck, he could still remember trying to help him with his homework.
“Thank you, baby.” Sam relaxed and closed his eyes. “Maybe one day I’ll be brave enough to get a tattoo.”
Sam eagerly returned the kiss for a moment before he scooted down on the bed. Gabe’s dick was rock hard and red, and Sam gave it a little squeeze.
"My good boy." Gabriel kissed his jaw, then moved to remove the jacket to his tuxedo. Remembering an off-hand comment from his boyfriend, Gabriel began rolling up his sleeves. "Look at me, Sam. I want you to undo your pants- I will lower them. I want you to lean over your ridiculously tall bed."
Kelly nodded enthusiastically. “Absolutely. Is there anything else you wanted to look at before we go to the register?”
He was so beautiful. Dean couldn't help but stroke his hands over his body. "You're so perfect, Cas, so amazing." It was on the tip of his tongue to tell him that he loved him, but Dean didn't want to ruin the moment.
"He's okay, Sammy, I promise. He's gonna hurt like a son of a bitch, but... he is okay." Dean leaned against Castiel, rubbing his back.
The pair headed into the study and Dean grinned as he saw the dogs surrounding the brothers, very jealous of the cat on Castiel's lap. "Who is hungry?"
"Mm... maybe I should just ride this thick cock of yours, hm?" Gabriel rolled his hips, trying to multi-task a bit.
"Okay." He closed the door. "After dinner. I'm really hungry and Gabe says too many sweets before dinner can upset my stomach."
Cas nodded, rubbing his hand over Dean’s shoulder. “I’ve always believed actions speak louder than words. I’ll show you...”
"He's definitely going to need a bath after this." Dean laughed softly, then held out his arms to him. "Can I hold you, little man?"
"Shhh... gotta find the bathroom, love." Dean kissed him softly before he rolled off of the bed, stretching. Sam probably had class, but where was Gabriel?
"Yeah, I can have books. I just don't like any of the WWII sorta stuff they've got here. That, and Fifty Shades. Not really my bag, you know?" He made a face, sighing.
Making quick work of loading the car, he moved to get in. "Nah, That's you." He patted his thigh before buckling in.
Dean moved, pressing his side against Castiel's, and he slipped his arm around his shoulders. "This kinda close?"
"Er... not so much, Cas. I still don't see why you can't have me. You're gorgeous and one of the best men that I have ever met." Was it fair to have this conversation while Cas was high? Maybe not, but it was happening.
Sam gently touched the hood of the XR. "I love this one. And you can add whatever bells and whistles Mr. Novak wants to add."
Gabriel smoothed his hands up his thighs, then teased his balls. Fuck he felt amazing- he tasted delicious, and he wanted more.
Sam closed his eyes, twining his fingers in Gabe’s hair. “Gabe, I’m close,” he whispered, looking down at his boyfriend. “So close...”
Sam had his arm slung around Gabe’s shoulder and he kissed his husband’s head. “Have to make the wealthy people comfortable,” he joked.
"Given the addictive nature of the drug and the levels in your system, we're going to suggest a medical detox and an inpatient rehab." Dr. Fitzgerald hated having to tell the man this- he'd already been through hell, and it was going to get worse.
“I love when I touch you and render you nearly speechless,” Cas rumbled. “I love thinking of you and touching myself.”
"...We're so fucking talking about being blatantly clear when you mean *fuck* and when you mean picnic!" Gabriel blurted, then rushed into the house.
"Yeah, I know. I just..." Dean shrugged, putting on the triple antibiotic. "They said ten to fourteen days."
Gabriel smirked a little as he thought of Dean's reaction. "If Cassie is trying to impress Dean, he might just kill me if I do."
"It's good to see you happy, Sam. Seriously." Ash gave Gabriel a serious look. "Hurt him and I will erase you from existence."
Cuddling against him, Gabriel shoved the pillow up and out of the way so that he didn't have anything between them. "How was class?"
The veterinarian's cries were wanton- he couldn't be bothered to hold back as Sam's thick cock filled him again and again- and that angle... he was hitting his prostate almost every thrust. "I'm... please..."
"It's going to be okay, Cas," Dean assured him, taking the car seat from Jody. "Thanks, Jody. We'll see you later."
"That or a live video feed, gorgeous. Trust me, I'm planning on sending you texts and pictures so raunchy you won't dare open them in class, fuck that- in public." He bounced on his feet for a moment before grinning, "So of course, that's when I'll send them."
Gabriel hurried to help adjust the pillows for his brother, bursting with excitement. "We're home, Cassie! Back in your own bed- as soon as Meg says go, Chopin and Lucky are going to get in bed for cuddles!"
Lathering up Castiel's poof, Dean started to wash his lover up. "I can't wait to marry you, honey. It'll be amazing."
“You’ll be fine. And if you need anything at all, I’m next door.” Charlie couldn’t resist giving Remy a hug. “You take care of him, okay, Remy?”
"Alfie!" Racing up the aisle, Mrs. Jennings put her hands on her hips. "What on earth are you doing?"
A bit later, Emma was nudged out wearing a pair of jeans that actually fit her and a pretty blouse that laced up the sides. "Uh... what do you think?" she fidgeted, not used to dressing like this. She actually felt pretty and feminine.
After talking with their brothers, Cas was still on edge. He made Dean take a shower, then ushered him straight to bed.
True, but that didn't guarantee anything. Castiel had been in a coma for over a year. Dean glanced at Sam, needing to be reassured.
"Well, I'm sure that Cas would enjoy that, at least. He wanted to swim again, and those tea baths Dean's been giving him have definitely helped." Gabriel leaned up, kissing him lingeringly. "Let's go make out in the car?"
Gabriel waved it off before looking at Dean. "You should head to class, Dean. The Professor is fairly strict about punctuality." He winked, amused as Dean stood, hugging Sam tight before heading out.
The older man cried out as well, shaking as Sam's orgasm milked his own from him. "Fuck... love you... so much." He pressed kisses along Sam's shoulders before he slowly pulled out. "My good boy..."
Gabe came into the bathroom and Sam laughed. “Hey, who invited you?” He teased, his dick quickly perking up at the sight of Gabe’s messy hair and marked up neck.
Gabriel stopped him before he could put the whiskey up, stealing a kiss from him. "I want some..." his voice was husky, almost blurring the line for what he was asking- whiskey or kisses.
"That's for sure- and a rug so he doesn't have to have cold feet on the wood floor..." Grabbing his phone, Dean made a note of it.
"...Wait, he bribed them to quit?" Dean's brow furrowed as he looked between the pair and the way that Gabriel was touching Sam.
"Mm..." Dean bared his neck to Castiel, making a soft noise only for a ball of paper to hit him in the face.
When they finally came back upstairs, they found both babies asleep together in a crib, and Sam and Gabe were cuddled up on a plush couch.
“A lot of things. Honestly, I don’t know what most of these are,” he confessed quietly. “I know what a vibrator is. I’ve seen plugs used...but that’s it.”
Sam continued to suck his dick until he felt Gabe was close to his orgasm. Then he let go with a pop and began stroking Gabe’s entrance with his thumb.
“I’m going with him and I’m going to be there. Just... He’s worried… about me getting bored. I told him I’d probably sleep and FaceTime you.”
Castiel nodded and before he could rest, there was another contraction. Less than ten minutes later, their second son was in Dean’s hands.
Sam slid his arm around his man and hugged him while they watched Cas take his medication. “I love you, grumps.”
"That works. We'll go to Gabriel's artist. She's got skills." Climbing into the car, Dean grinned at the thought.
"Angst happens as teenagers." Gabriel acknowledged, remembering that Castiel could be- though he had more reason than most. "He did a lot of things that were beyond what most people think of men his age."
The cleaning commenced, and before Gabriel knew it, he'd hopped in the shower, gotten dressed in his best outfit, and was headed for the airport. The day seemed like a blur of activity.
Cas nuzzled into Dean’s shoulder, making a happy sound. In a couple of hours, they would be touching down in Nashville. Crowley, all too happy to have Dean back in Nashville, had had the enormous house cleaned from top to bottom and fully stocked with groceries. One of the floors had been prepared for Gabe, Sam, and James, including a nursery for the tiny baby.
"I'll get the door," Charlie assured him as Dean casually helped Castiel out of the car before grabbing his duffle and Sam's from Baby. Charlie had hers hung over her shoulder.
That evening, Gabe had just eaten dinner when Meg found him in the cafeteria. She came straight to him and gently grabbed his arm. “Gabe?”
"Really?!" Gabriel's eyes went wide, and he moved, pressing a hand to Sam's belly. "Do it again, Zep!"
"Shh... you can't let me down, baby." Dean hugged him close, kissing his jaw.  "We'll get food, okay? It's done."
"Ohh, who you seeing? That Balthazar guy Gabriel was trying to set you up with?" Grinning, he bumped her shoulder.
"Uh... yeah. I'm not sure what he was doing." Gabriel sank down onto a stool, feeling like his hands were shaking.
"I'm supposed to take care of you." The feel of Cas's breath on him, then the soothing scent kept him relaxed. Minutes passed, then Gabriel was standing, hooking an IV into his own arm and into Dean's IV- then holding his arm above Dean's.
"Those are for you. I wanted you to have something to enjoy when I wasn't there." Gabriel moved to slip his arms around Sam.
Gabriel bit his lower lip. Clearly, he should have been the one wearing the cock ring. The look on Sam's face...
While Gabe helped Sam study, Cas was at Dean’s cabin, as he was most evenings. Dean had just finished his shift at the clinic and Cas had finished his day as well.
Sitting down next to him, Gabriel grinned. "Oh, this is fucking awesome." He bounced a little, then kissed his jaw. "This is perfect!"
Dean leaned over, kissing Castiel's hair. "She's got this. It won't be long now." He was too excited for his boyfriend to meet his newest foal.
"You will by the time I'm through with you." He kissed his cheek, then took the pipe. He winked at Castiel, then took a hit before Dean pulled him closer.
A few minutes later, Sam made his way downstairs. He looked relaxed in a pair of jeans and a button-down shirt, and his hair was still damp from the shower. He made a beeline for Gabe and hugged the
Bouncing around the room, Gabriel grabbed his phone and wallet. "This is going to be fucking awesome. I can't wait."
"Shh, Honey... I am not leaving you, but these people need to go to jail." Dean hugged him closer, pressing a kiss to his hair.
"Unacceptable... I'm afraid I've got to demand after." Dean murmured against his lips, kissing him back.
Turning to Ellen, the bearded man slipped a hand into hers. "Er... just so you know, Ellen is moving in, we're going to figure out how to open up a bar for her, and... we're engaged."
"Seriously. We are going to be parents. And we're very happy." He couldn't help but to reassure the other alpha who looked worried for a moment.
“She was outside. She’s so skinny and needs something to eat.” Sam began looking through the fridge for something to feed her.”
"Oh, sorry, Princess." Laughing softly, Gabriel hugged her close. "Your Mommy did that too when she was disturbed."
"Fuck, Cas... look how hard you are." Dean kissed him, wrapping his hand around the younger man's thick length.
"Really? That's wonderful. Congratulations." Michael beamed at his brother, looking over to see a ring on his brother's hand and one on Dean's. "Your rings are lovely."
They continued to kiss and touch until breakfast arrived. After tipping the server, Sam brought their food to the table. “Come on, baby. I’m starving.”
Stroking his thumb over the back of Castiel's hand, Dean sang with the music as he drove. It didn't take him long to get to work, and he pulled into his usual spot, parking the car. "You ready?"
When Dorothy sat off towards the corner, Gabriel frowned. "Isn't she joining us?" He whispered to Charlie.
"Exactly." Gabriel snuggled close to him, sighing. The knock at the door startled him, and he groaned a bit as he jolted his ribs. "Who...?"
"He's my brother. Tell me about my daughter, now, or do I need to call the doctor?" Raising a brow, Gabriel lifted his chin. He didn't have time for this.
Sam preened at the compliment. He loved being submissive to Gabe and having the older man take care of him.
After a moment, Dean said fuck it and just rubbed his come into their skin. "There. Clean. Fuck it."
Fuck- Castiel was tormenting him, but damn if he didn't love it. He pushed back, trying to get him to do more.
His face was wet, and it took Gabriel a long moment to notice that he was crying. "Cas... we have to see them."
"We need to set it up so that if something happens to us, she goes to Castiel and Dean." A grim thought, but necessary. Gabriel was determined to make sure that she was cared for.
"Oh." Emma's eyes widened as she turned to stare at Castiel. "Holy shit." There was no way... the girl in her dream had told her to hold on, that everything was going to be all right. Surely...
Sam had an ice cream cone in one hand and his other arm was slung around Gabe’s shoulders as they walked. “Beautiful, huh?”
Once they were finished, Sam went to say goodnight to his brother. But Dean was sleeping with Cas and he didn’t have the heart to bother him. So he went upstairs with Gabe and they climbed into bed.
Before they could leave, they had to stop and buckle Jude into her car seat. Once she was all snuggled in, Castiel picked up her seat. "Alright, my darling. Time to go."
Sam hummed happily and paused the kissing. “Yes, but right now I’m still painfully hard. I can take care of it myself...”
"And we'll work it out. Dean didn't want you worrying over it, and neither do I." Gabriel rubbed his hand over Sam's back.
"After we get you settled in, we'll order you guys stuff of your own, I promise." Dean watched Emma lean away from them. "Do you have anything to bring with you?"
"Oh. Shit. I'm sorry, Sammy." The three men concentrated on unloading all of the pets and bags from the Impala. They got the litter set up in their bathroom, at least, and made sure that Atticus knew where it was.
Gabriel swore, hurrying after his brother and his boyfriend. He lost Cas in the chaos, and finally gave up and went after Sam.
"Of course... um... we should not do that in the shower, though. I'm not the best at balance?" Dean's blush made his freckles stand out.
Looking up, Gabriel's amber gaze met Sam's, and he felt himself smiling at being called Gabe. "You're very welcome, Sam."
“No, I’m okay.” He was lying in their bed, reading quietly and trying not to think about his naked boyfriend.
Running his fingers through Castiel's hair, Dean tilted his head. "No. I assumed that they were going back to the dorms. An apartment would be perfect."
Gabriel rocked his denim-covered cock against Sam's sensitive buttocks. "You wanted me to frot against you? Is this what you wanted?" Gripping Sam's hips, the older man kept it to the sweetest temptation, wanting to hear his Sam beg for more.
Gabriel looked up, seeing his doctor come in the room. "Girls, it's great seeing you, but I need to get myself released to go see to my brother."
"Well, I am all yours to touch, gorgeous. Any time that you want." Gabriel kissed him, smiling as Sam's hands stroked him.
"Sure, thing, honey." He moved to grab the water for his boyfriend- which Dean fucking loved. "So Cas, you wanna come see me model for the calendar tomorrow?"
"We have some over here that you might like- they have a jeweled band wrapped in metal." She explained with a smile.
"Honestly? No." Swallowing hard, Gabriel moved to redress himself. "There's spaghetti and garlic bread in the kitchen if you're hungry. Come on. Let me find the bottle of wine, and I'll drink while you eat and listen to me whine."
He cracked up and kissed her head again. "As soon as Charlie comes for the pups, I'll go see how Cas is doing."
Dean nodded, turning on the light before he looked at Gabriel. "Okay. Good thing you're wearing shorts."
"Want to watch a movie before bed?" Dean nudged Castiel, happily- and carefully- making sure he had the perfect pie/ice cream ratio with each bite.
Dean choked on a sob, burying his face into Castiel's shoulder. "S... Sorry. I..." he couldn't talk as he hugged the other man.
Gabriel gave her a grin, hurrying behind the counter. "I try, darling, I try. What are we celebrating with all of this fruit? You normally only get a few pieces."
Gabriel kissed his hair, loving the look he could put on his face just by making him food. "Yeah, and
Looking up at Sam, Gabriel squeezed his hand. "If you want to work, I can sit here and read... but you don't have to work for him. Remember what you have at home." Fury raced through Gabriel, and he wanted nothing more than to clock the bastard... but he wouldn't, for Sam.
"Thank you, Castiel." She sipped hers. When had she last had chocolate milk? She couldn't remember. She always gave it to Theo when she was able to get milk.
"Love you, Brat!" Laughing, Gabriel smiled as he headed back out to the main room only to still as he saw Zachariah standing there. "...Zach."
"...Cas, what did you think that I was doing with you?" Just having sex? Did he think that Dean only thought of it- what they were doing like that? Hadn't he told him how much he cared?
Smiling back at him, Dean bumped him back as he took the last plate from him. "So... you ready to ride in the tow truck?"
Dean set a plate in front of Emma, then in front of Theo before he started to serve anyone else. "How's Issy doing, Sam?" His brother had been completely caught up in his daughter.
Cas finally took Dean’s arm and pulled him to a more secluded corner. “Push your pants down,” he ordered.
Amused, Sam pulled the shirt off Gabe and tossed it to the floor. Then he settled between Gabe’s legs. Gabe was already hard and Sam’s mouth watered.
"Careful, Cas. You'll have to meet Bobby too, and he's not as sweet as Ellen is." Not that either of them would do more than growl at him some. Then again, Bobby'd been making that joke about helping Rufus with a body long enough...
Tears slipped down her cheeks, and she pressed her face into Castiel's chest. "Love you, Dad." Sure, it was new, but she couldn't help it. He'd been more kind to her than any person ever- and he was just... he Dad. It felt like always he had been.
Licking with the broad side of his tongue over his hole, Sam moaned at the taste. He teased him for a long moment, feeling the muscle loosen before he dipped his tongue inside.
"Good. Any time you want, I'm yours." Crawling up the rancher, Dean cuddled closer to him. Words were near his lips, but he wasn't ready to say them.
Gabriel caught it with the spoon, raising an eyebrow at her. "Really? Try again, sweets." He added a little cheese to the bite.
"Charlie, I didn't mean to barge in, but the storm is bad. They spotted some rotation." Dorothy told her, a scanner playing on her hip. Spotting Dean, she nodded as she saw him turning at the news. "We'll meet you downstairs!"
Cas glanced over and looked at the shirt Dean held up. Smiling, he took the shirt and pulled it over his head.
Sam snuggled him to his chest. “I don’t want a big wedding. Unless that’s what you want. I just need Dean.”
Dean smiled at the look on Castiel's face. They were going to be rewatching this. "Oh, I thought that wasn't out until next week. We could have watched that instead of Doctor Sexy earlier."
"Athena, That's enough, " Dean told her, nudging her towards Castiel. "Uh... we got a dog." He took the giant bag of dog food from Bobby.
Dean headed back downstairs as he pushed his hair back. "So we ready to go? I've got to wrap presents tonight, too."
"I wasn't talking about you." Charlie's cheeks heated, and she bit her lower lip as she looked up at him.
Dean grinned as the movie played, tracing his fingers along his side. Every now and then, he'd get excited and tell Castiel about something, like Mel Brooks himself being the Rabbi.
"You should hang out with Sam for a bit. He can meet me for our date in the library at one." Gabriel told him, patting her back. "I feel like we've been poor hosts-"
“The couch pulls out. When Cas wakes up, if you can get him up for a minute, you can pull the bed out. It would be easier than trying to get him to your room.”
Dean pulled Castiel close, pressing his forehead against the other man's. "I thought that you didn't like me calling you my boyfriend."
"It's all right, Dean- and I can see you fighting sleep. The medication I gave you might knock you out, and that's fine." he'd expected it to before but the stubborn man had stayed awake to talk to Castiel. He felt his cheeks heat as he looked over at Sam. "I think the same thing about you, Sam. I'm very, very glad that you're my mate."
As they dressed, Chopin slowly came into the room. He looked sad and his tail was tucked between his legs.
A little over two houses later, Isabelle Claire Mary Novak Winchester screamed her way into the world. Tara fell back on the bed, looking exhausted as she tried to see her baby.
"I feel your hand... and I hear your heartbeat..." His breathing steadied and he held onto Gabe tightly. "I feel safe..."
"I'm right here, I've got you. Everything's going to be all right, okay?" Gabriel kissed his hair gently.
through Castiel's hair, he pointed towards the door. "Please remember you can always get me up, too, okay?"
"Well, we'll be back. You two don't do anything too fun without us." Gabriel winked at them, washing his dishes off.
“Yeah. Yeah...” Cas let Dean pull his pants down a bit and when Dean rubbed against him, he nearly whimpered in pleasure.
Sam held Gabe steady and let him unlock and open the door. Then he carried Gabe inside and set him carefully on the plush couch.
"You realize that I wasn't going to charge you, right?" Stubborn Winchesters... He yelped in a most undignified fashion as Dean appeared, putting cold packs on his knee and ankle.
Relaxing, Sam trailed after his boyfriend. “Hey… this means James already has a puppy she’ll grow up with.” He became misty-eyed at the thought.
Making a soft sound as he took a bite of his scampi, Gabriel leaned into Sam. "So... when Cas is a bit more mobile, we should get married."
Sitting up, Gabriel knocked Sam's wine, then caught it before it could tip. "...You only have four?!" Did Dean have the same amount? Was that why they did laundry so often? Gabriel had assumed that Sam's clothing was just in his dorm at Stanford. Not that he just didn't have more.
Biting his lower lip, the shorter man took a small breath. "I mean, yes, you're beautiful- incredibly attractive, but the kindness, the sass that you've aimed at your brother, for example, the intelligence...Yeah, you're gorgeous." Gabriel slowly lowered his hand not wanting to pressure him. "And you're incredibly kind."
Standing, Gabriel offered him his hand. "Come here, gorgeous. Let's dance. What do you have in mind? I promise, no Candy Shop unless you want to." He winked, his brown eyes twinkling in amusement.
Chopin raced ahead, jumping onto the bed, and Gabriel shook his head, amused. "Looks like we get to really cuddle since they're going to take up most of the bed."
Thrilled at the thought, Dean kissed Castiel back. "Let's go and check to see if we can help with anything."
"So damn beautiful. My man, my fiance. Wanna feel you come for me, baby." Dean sucked a mark on the curve of Castiel's neck meeting his shoulder, his teeth teasing him in a bite whose pleasure was just this side of pain.
Gabriel kissed his jaw, hugging him close for a long moment before he realized that Donna was watching them. Well, waiting for them.
Ketch finally got Cas outside and to his waiting SUV. He helped Cas into the front seat and checked their surroundings again before he got into the driver’s seat. He connected the phone to the SUV’s speakers and began to drive. “Dean, Gabriel, we are an hour and a half from your location. Castiel seems unhurt and I will not be stopping until we reach you.”
"You aren't sleeping, love," Dean said after a moment. "I wrote that one two years ago. I mean every word."
"I have to pee," Gabriel said as Zachariah came towards him with the needle. He must be in the basement... but it wasn't Zachariah's house. That didn't even have a basement, so where the fuck...? His head gave a mighty throb as Zach moved through the light, the brief shadow a reprieve before he was blinded for another moment.
"Oh. She looks... fuck, Sammy." Dean rubbed his back, then kissed his hair. "I can't understand Dad claiming that was dead. I..."
"So do I!" Splashing him, Gabriel ducked under the surface, rapidly swimming for other end of the pool.
“Probably.” Sam sent the texts and kissed Gabe. “Baby, he’s going to be okay.” His voice was full of awe.
"You're just gorgeous... and you're my mate," Dean told him, stripping off his shirt before he moved to undo the fly on his jeans.
"I'm totally down for sarcastic, brilliant best friends," Charlie told him with a grin, setting a plate in front of Gabriel before doing the same to Castiel.
"And you did. I still can't believe he's really here." Castiel looked at their boy, who stared back at him intently. "This is your home, Elias. Your family." He smoothed his boy's hair back.
"I think I need to work my way up to the clamps," he admitted, but he chose a couple of toys that didn't seem too intense or painful.
"Mm. He agrees, but it still isn't happening. I like warping influential young minds too much." Gabriel laughed a little. "So Dean isn't pushing you, is he?"
"You smell good, too. Like honey."  And Dean'd seen Castiel's shower supplies whilst using his bathroom. Honestly, it just made him inhale his scent more, looking for the sweet odor.
“It’s okay.” He eased himself out of Gabe and snuggled into him again. “Just hate the idea of hurting you.”
“You are completely right. And no one touches me but you.” His blue eyes were hot as he watched Dean.
Slowly he worked a finger into Dean, followed by a second. “Good?” he murmured, glancing up at his husband.
"Okay, now I'm scared." She took a bite of her salad and moaned softly. "That's it, I'm kidnapping you, Gabe."
Sam curled an arm around Gabe and hugged him. Then he extended a large hand to Zachariah. “Sam Winchester, Gabe’s partner.”
As he finished, Sam suddenly stuck his finger in some sauce. With a grin, he rubbed it on Gabe’s cheek. Then he leaned over and licked it off again.
Gabriel laughed, pressing his face into Sam's shoulder. "All right, all right. Time to feed my sweet. What do you want to eat?"
"You hungry, baby? I grabbed us some food." Cuddling his boyfriend against his chest, Dean smoothed his hair. He felt a bit guilty for leaving, but he'd been sure that Castiel would sleep through it.
Thank you all for your patience. This fic IS complete. I'm just editing but my mother has a tumor that needs to be removed, so my life has been ill-suited for that at the moment. This *will* be edited and posted. Thank you!
Grinning, Dean looked at her. He felt like he was floating a bit- this felt a lot like a dream. "One blink is yes, two is no."
"I don't understand what the hell he was doing here. And he was so rude to you!" Gabriel growled, hugging Sam closer.
Cas stroked Remy’s head when he softly whined. “That’s my good boy,” he murmured. “You’re doing a great job protecting him.”
“Okay...” Cas looked reluctant but he and Dean got cleaned up before coming back to their breakfast.
Muscular arms enveloped him and Sam pressed his lips to Gabe’s hair. “Shh. I’m here. Everything is okay.”
The sleepy tone made Gabriel smile a bit. "We can go sit in the living room. These chairs aren't all that comfortable. We'll watch some TV."
Sighing, Cas finally smiled. “I remember this. And I don’t miss it. Isabelle, you’re going back to your dad.”
Sam took a bite of his salad and the picture on Gabe’s shirt caught his attention. “Who is that on your shirt?”
"Oh, I will behave, but seriously! That is amazing!" She bounced in her seat, grabbing her Hermione pen before looking to the front of the class as Professor Novak started the lesson.
Fuck, he was doing it! Dean had faith in him, but watching him... he couldn't stop smiling. "That's it, baby! Maybe I will even reward you with some dirty, sexual favors."
After the delicious pie, Cas wiped his mouth clean and gave Dean an approving look. “I can’t express how delicious that was.”
Sam emerged from their bedroom fully dressed and whistling. He reached Gabe and spun him around for a kiss.
The kissing was ramping up again and Sam looked to Gabe. “Hey, maybe we should watch something upstairs...”
Listening absently as his boyfriend ordered the food, Gabriel traced absent hearts on his chest. The deep rumble of his voice vibrated through his chest, and he smiled.
Brushing his lips over Sam's, Gabriel stole Zep out of his arms before spinning her away, dancing. "Well, little darling, I'm always going to be the best Daddy that I possibly can. That makes sense, doesn't it?"
"Sammy." Gabriel stopped, looking into his eyes. "Do you really think that those kisses were just going someplace innocent?"
Gabriel swallowed his drink down, then looked over at him. "I'm crazy about you too, Sam. Utterly and completely crazy about you."
"I've had enough training that I've got a basic understanding." Hell, he'd helped on calls with people wasting away who just couldn't eat because of their health. "I'm just glad that you're feeling better. Adam could eat like a horse and never gain a pound, though." He paused, looking over at Cas. "Does it bother you when I mention him like that?"
"Let me get the table set up gorgeous. Then I can feed my Samsquatch."  He explained, smacking Sam's ass before he headed to set the table.
“No.” Cas hugged his brother so tight. “You’re not. I can see how much you love her, and it makes me indescribably happy for you.”
Gabriel took a deep breath, wanting to argue with him, but the look on Sam's face said that wasn't a good idea. "Fine, but you have to promise to keep up with schoolwork. And I have to be back to make the cake for Dean's auction so Cassie can buy him."
Gabriel watched Sam for a moment, considering him closely. He felt terrible that his daughter would never be able to meet her mother, but he fully planned on giving her as much of Kali as he could. That being said... there was no better partner to be her daddy than Sam Winchester.
Gabriel tugged Sam's hair gently, tilting his head just so and deepening the kiss. His fingers still teased
"He's resourceful like that." Reaching over, he patted Castiel. "I am not so sure we're going to be up for a movie. You wanna crawl into bed after your shower after your run?"
"Probably for the best. Does he like Scotch or whiskey?" Gabriel watched as he opened the door, then followed him inside.
Fuck, he felt sick. Was she going to be okay, flying to Nashville? She seemed all right... "Sam, they're gonna know where we're going."
"I know, Cas..." Dean swallowed hard, looking between his daughter and mate. "She's stubborn like her Daddies, though. She's going to work extra hard so that she can come home soon."
"I can try." Sam sank to his knees, coming face to face with his abdomen. "You take such good care of me, Gabe. I'm lucky."
Sinking into the chair next to Sam's bed, Gabriel gently took his hand in his own. His poor, beaten fiance...
“I’m not sure yet. Lube, definitely. Maybe some toys?” There was a ton to look at, and he wasn’t sure where to get started.
Slipping a hand over Sam's back, Gabriel enjoyed the feeling of his muscles as he stroked him through his shirt.
"We'll see. I told her all about you and she's really excited." Gabriel explained as they rolled into the NICU.
"Almost as grateful as I am to have you, I'm sure." Dean shot him a grin, then made a soft noise as Castiel's fingers found a tender spot.
"Ah... yes. We absolutely need that. I do believe we're about out, anyway." Gabriel laughed, trying to ignore what that whisper of Sam's did to him. He couldn't pounce him in a store.
He gave a wicked chuckle, his brown eyes hot. "Because I promise you, it feels fucking amazing, and I want to see how wild I can drive my boy."
"Exactly. I will be dressing you in a suit. You, Mr. Winchester, are trying to take advantage of me- as if I'd rush our first time!" Gabriel said dramatically, winking at Sam before he headed down the hall. "I need a shower."
Emma stared around, reading the bottles. There were so many... "I don't know, Cas. It's... that's a lot of options."
Bobby sipped his beer, eyeing the growling box by the door. "What do you suppose is in there?" He asked Ellen, tilting his head.
"Set a timer so you didn't get too distracted?" Dean murmured quietly, sipping his coffee. Damn, that was good... and fine, he'd had to say something.
"That's good. And that's what I thought. He seemed nervous, though." Which was weird, to say the least. Dean was a sure thing when it came to his brother, so long as Cassie didn't fuck it up.
When Sam came back to, Gabe was still buried inside of him. Sam sighed happily and ran his fingers through Gabe’s hair. “I needed that...”
"I know, Sam- we're trying. We're doing everything we can. We're tracking down everything and everyone we can connect to the bastard." Sighing, Dean set a plate with a sandwich on the end table.
"Tell me what you want, Sam. I will give it to you.” Gabriel sucked a livid mark onto Sam's chest, teasing him with his teeth.
The Professor kissed him again, letting his hands return to Sam's nipples. teasing at the sensitive buds until they hardened. "I love you, Sam... and we're going to use red, yellow, and green again."
"You're not, but I'm fine." Dean sighed, moving to kiss him softly. "All right, I"ll let you worry about me. You can wash me up, all right?"
That was all the encouragement Cas needed. He thrust into Dean’s mouth once, shuddering as he came. “Dean!”
“Do not apologize. Once you feel better, we’ll get you some water. Then you’re going home and into your bed. I know you’re exhausted.”
"We can definitely try food play, except our brothers are fucking in the kitchen, again." Dean made a face at the thought, though his eyes caught on Castiel's cock.
"You should have slept in, then. I'm not the one who just pushed three pups out," Dean told him, shaking his head.
He headed out of the house, and Gabriel frowned. The other man wasn't normally so... wound up. He pulled out his phone, sending a call to his brother.
"So I'll make sure that when you're coming back from your run there's delicious coffee and a nutritious, flavorful breakfast." He tugged Sam over to kiss his cheek.
Sam immediately curled into Gabe's arms, hiding his face from the biting wind. Gabe guided the little group into his home. As soon as he opened the door, they were greeted with a welcoming blast of warmth. He flicked the lights on and ushered Sam to his plush couch.
"It's what I'm here for," Cas murmured, pulling out his own clothes. His eyes were already getting heavy.
Sam grasped Gabe’s hand and squeezed it. “They want me to get up and move. Told them not without you.”
Fuck. That was... Dean forced his attention away, turning to look over the rest of the stalls. "So we're just mucking? Then putting down fre-" Dean yelped as he felt something touch his ass, turning to face a large black stallion, who was giving him a look.
"It's nice." Staring, really, Dean? He sipped his drink, then scratched at Remy's ears when the dog laid his head on his lap.
“We are.” Sam ran his hand over Gabe’s chest and slotted their legs together. The towel fell away from his hips. “Our first time...I want you to make me all yours.”
Sam went upstairs and came back down shortly with a duffle bag slung over one broad shoulder. He stopped to hug Bobby and Ellen. “Merry Christmas, guys. You’re on your own tonight.”
"Well, I try, Sir." Gabriel waggled his ass at him before he hopped up to sit on his desk, watching Sam.
The younger man laughed tiredly. “He does.” He coaxed James into finishing her bottle before moving her to his shoulder for a burp. “They’re perfect.”
"....Cas, did you just seriously call him an assbutt?" Dean snorted slightly, pushing his hair back from his face. Ugh... he was going to have to get up. Did Cas even remember the night before?
"I can do that." Reluctantly pulling away from Gabe, Sam grabbed a garbage bag and a roll of tape. Soon Gabe's arm was thoroughly protected and Sam nodded in satisfaction. "Okay, shower."
Looking up from where he was mixing the meat together, Dean shot him a grin. "No, man- you're better stocked than the store."
Suddenly Sam stepped back and grabbed his bag. "Can you leave now? Or do you have another exam after this?"
"Soon. Want to help me unpack first?" While in rehab, and since the kidnapping, Gabriel had lost the majority of his Dad bod, revealing more muscle. He wanted to see Sam's reaction.
"Well... that leads me to a surprise I've got going on for you." Gabriel looked at him. He'd been going to great lengths for his mate and called in a favor at the hospital. "I've arranged an ultrasound. We don't have to check was Zeppy is, but I just want to set your mind at ease."
He'd mostly finished Lady Justice when he'd started his next project, intending on it being Gabriel's present only for something else to start taking shape- two hands holding a heart- or rather, each having a piece of a heart... Dean was sure that the detail would come to it later as he worked, but it was already pretty fucking awesome in his humble opinion.
"De, I'm sending that money back to you." He held up the phone so Dean could see the SUVs. "I walked onto the lot and was informed that these are my choices, and Gabriel Novak is paying for whichever one I pick."
Dean looked at his plate, then looked at Castiel. "I told you, the first day in the diner- there was going to running. I didn't picture green stuff," He teased him.
Gabriel opened his mouth to reply only for his phone to ring. He pulled it free, answering it. "...What?! Charlie, I'm fine! I have taken a ton of time off of work-" he blinked as she hung up on him only for Sam's phone to ring.
Gabriel shrugged, pulling away so he could get out of the hammock. "Well, I guess you'll have to throw me away and get a new one."
"No problem," she assured him, going back to assisting Emma. The teen, despite not saying anything, looked a bit overwhelmed.
Rubbing his hand gently over Castiel's back, Dean kissed his hair. "I love you too, Cas... so much."
"Sh, love. I am not expecting you to be one way or another, love." He brushed his lips over his lashes. "I love you, Samshine. Always."
“Yeah... That sounds better.” He swallowed hard, his fingers flexing on the blanket as he thought of all the shit he and Dean had gone through.
Gabriel's cheeks actually pinkened as he looked at them. "...I hadn't intended to say that aloud, yet. I don't want to scare him off, and I had a plan..."
Dean smiled at the thin note of steel Cas probably didn't even realize was there and closed his eyes. "Yes, Sir."
Gabriel worked Sam open, taking his time until he was certain that his lover was ready. He could see Sam's cock leaking, and he wanted to lick it clean but he had a feeling that it would be too much for his boy.
The wave of pleasure that hit Castiel stole his breath. He blacked out for a moment, and when he came back to Dean was thrusting even harder. Castiel clumsily gripped Dean's ass, encouraging him to move faster.
Cas quickly followed him and together they managed to drag the large package into the kitchen. "Merry Christmas, Bobby."
"See, he's my brother." Gabriel grinned, pulling Sam down into a kiss. "Let's go. We have some celebrating to get to."
"If Cas asked, would Dean say yes to marriage?" Staring into Sam's eyes, Gabriel took in the tiny variances in color and the length of his lashes.
"Mmm... Good. You react fucking perfectly, Cas. So fucking delicious." He teased down the curve, letting his teeth find the sensitive parts.
Dean glanced at him, feeling himself actually blushing. He'd had millions of fans stare at him. Hell, he'd been a sex symbol, despite his celibacy... but Castiel was the only one he'd ever wanted to see him. Castiel was the one who mattered, who he really wanted to look at him, and he was here, actually seeing him... He ducked his head a little, looking at him through his lashes.
Fuck. He bit his lower lip, grinding against him. "You know that I do, Sam... fuck." His cock was leaking, trapped in his pants.
Hearing a baby crying, Dean woke up. His eyes jerked open wide as he realized that Castiel wasn't next to him. His eyes flitted around the room before settling on Gabriel and his mate snuggled up like they had been when they were younger.
"Yep. I thought that you and Zep might enjoy it." Dean grinned at him, watching his reaction. "I saw it the other day."
Sighing, Dean paused the movie before cupping Castiel's face. "You look terrified when I go to work, honey."
Sam turned his head and kissed Gabe’s head. “We’re going back to bed after this, unhealthy as it is.”
Dean let out a pleading whine, and two fingers became three. "Yes- fuck, Cas, gonna come for you, I'm so close!" His back arched, and his muscled abs tensed.
"Seriously? Fuck. I'll make him a cake." Dropping his fork, Gabriel scrubbed his hands over his face. "I should have stepped back the moment that I realized that it was Cassie. I couldn't, though. Zach, the jerk who would have been working on him... well... I didn't stop. I just pretended I didn't know him at all."
"Mmm... we can go and buy lube and anything else that you want," Gabriel told him with a smirk. "I love the thought of shopping for that with you..."
"Twenty thousand." She called, and a few of the other people cut their bids, realizing that they stood no chance. She raised a brow at Castiel, smirking.
Cas’s smile faded and he looked mildly alarmed, reaching to pet Athena. Tempe at Sam’s knee, licking at him.
Relief filled Cas’s eyes. “Good. Because I am not just having sex with you. I want to build a life with you.”
"He's actually gaining a little weight- he looks good." Gabriel slid his brother one of the buns for him to eat as well. He'd damn near cleared his plate. "I've got more chicken if you want, Cas."
"He's going to fucking love it, Cassie. Seriously. You know how you're going to ask him?" He handed it back and leaned back to roll another joint.
Bobby felt a bit ill as he pulled into the airport. He'd talked to Ellen for ages, but what if she didn't like him in person. He parked, then headed to the gate to meet her.
Making a soft, purring sound, Gabriel swallowed him down until his lips brushed against his body. His lip protested a bit- Sam was
“Hey, don’t thank me.” He finally pulled away from Sam, taking a moment to hug both Dean and Cas before he left the room.
"Ahh... I get it." Gabriel smoothed his hair, watching him closely. "I love this, and we can always practice this."
"Sam, I have been sitting here, erect for most of dinner. You have a spot of mousse on your lower lip that I am dying to lick off, but I am behaving. You are utterly gorgeous, and that hair of yours..." Gabriel trailed off as the waitress came back with his card and began to box up their leftovers.
Flicking his tongue over the tight little bud, Dean let his fingers continue to stroke the other while he sucked at the one in his mouth for a moment. His mate was utterly gorgeous, and damn if he didn't want to see him fall apart so that he couldn't piece him back together... then send him flying again.
"Here." Dean abruptly turned the car onto a side road that wound through thick forest until it dead ended in a gravel parking lot at the head of a hiking trail. A chain was strung across the trail, more to discourage hikers than actually keep them out since they could easily get around it by cutting through the trees. A sign hanging from the chain said that the trail was closed due to fallen branches, and the Impala was the only car in the lot.
Cas's mouth opened in a little o of surprise, the same face he'd made when Dean first asked him out, and just like then, Dean was suddenly sure that he'd made a terrible mistake. But then a smile spread over Cas's face like a sunrise, and he said the five most beautiful words Dean had ever heard. "I love you too, Dean."
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Castiel wanted to take them back. He wasn't sure who was more horrified — him or Dean.
"Thank you, Jack," Castiel said, pointedly ignoring the second comment. "Tell your aunt we'll be down in a minute." Jack ran back downstairs, and Castiel turned as the scent of embarrassment rose in the air to see Dean flushed bright red. He reached out to hold Dean's hand, stroking lightly while Dean regained his calm. When Dean's scent had settled and he was once again composed, they headed to join Castiel's family.
"Yeah," Dean said, more than a little relieved. "Yeah, that's a good idea." His head was spinning. He needed time to process this, to figure out what he really wanted. This was too important to screw up in his usual impulsive, leap-before-you-look way. And the fact that Cas understood that without Dean needing to explain made Dean fall a little deeper in love with him although five minutes ago he would have said that was impossible.
"Anyway," Dean said, abandoning that line of thought quickly, "I guess that was rock bottom for me because after that I realized I needed to get my shit together. I quit drinking, moved back in with Bobby and Jodi for a while. It was still rough, but I tried not to take it out on the people who cared about me, and things got a lot better once Sam finished school and moved back here. Fixing up this place kept me busy when I wasn't at work. Plus living with your brother is much less pathetic than living with your parents when you're almost thirty. For a while Sam and Charlie kept trying to set me up with their friends, but I just kept saying no until they gave up. Not cause I was still in love with Benny. I just didn't think it was fair to get involved with someone while I was still figuring myself out."
Castiel smiled at how deftly Dean had put Jack at ease. The alpha would make such a good father someday. He hastily squashed that thought before his inner omega could wake up and start daydreaming about black-haired, green-eyed babies with freckles and Dean's sweet smile.
Castiel couldn't remember the last time he ate or drank. He didn't need to of course, but it was pleasurable. "The tea sounds good," he said and belatedly remembered to add, "Thank you."
Castiel looked at the screen and realized he couldn't remember what the story was supposed to be about or the names of any of the characters. "Can we just go to bed?"
. Castiel hadn't truly felt like a single parent in a long while, maybe not since that first grilled cheese sandwich.
"No, decidedly not. He took a job at a restaurant in London and left without even saying goodbye. I think he was disturbed by how infatuated I'd become, and he wanted to avoid the inevitable tears. He … wasn't a man who was at home with emotional outbursts."
That was the real reason he’d spent two years sleeping alone. It wasn’t, as Sam and everyone else had thought, that he felt like moving on would be an insult to Benny’s memory. It was just too damn confusing, grieving for his best friend who was also his lover but only sometimes. He couldn’t navigate that and dating at the same time, and one experiment conclusively proved that the whole casual sex thing was not for him. Which was fine. He had plenty of other things that made him happy — his job, his family, fixing up the house, working on his car.
fundamentally alter who you are, and I could never regret being mated to the man you are. But if you are at all afraid or uncertain, we don't have to do that. There are plenty of couples who never mate just like there are plenty of couples who never legally marry."
After half an hour, the longest that the youngest children present could be expected to sit still and pay attention, Miss Eileen let them go with a reminder to practice at home as much as possible before next week.
Dean shook his head, feeling a blush warm his cheeks at the sincere gratitude in Cas' voice. "It's not like I pulled him out of a burning building."
Castiel's own raging erection, still trapped in his jeans, gave a warning throb. This was going to send him over the edge just as fast as it was sending Dean. He pulled off but stayed close, laying soft, reassuring kisses on the insides of Dean's thighs until the other man came down enough to raise his head and look at Castiel with a mixture of frustrated confusion and awe.
He woke up alone, but before he could panic he caught the scent of coffee and … pancakes? Yes, definitely pancakes. Castiel smiled into the pillow and stretched, sheets slithering luxuriously over his naked back. Technically since they'd spent the night at his place, the morning-after-breakfast should have been his responsibility, but if Dean wanted to cook for him, he certainly wasn't going to complain.
But just because he could relate, that didn't mean he was ready to completely trust Sam. "I presume you're clean now," was the first thing he said.
As he looked into those pain clouded blue eyes, the realization hit Dean like a bullet to the heart.
“She’s beautiful,” Cas said, lightly touching the gleaming black paint which was marred by not a speck of pollen dust. “I know nothing about cars, but even I can tell this is a classic. How old is it?”
He wracked his brain for his most recent memory, trying to figure out how he'd gotten here, wherever here was. He'd been on a hunt with Dean somewhere in Utah. A vampire that was for some reason only preying on omegas. Castiel had suggested using himself as bait to lure it out. Dean had rejected the idea vehemently. The ensuing argument had gotten rather heated, and then …
"I'm very happy in my current employment," Castiel said, doing his best to keep his tone light even as he inwardly cringed. "But it's always a pleasure to cook for you both. I'll see you next week." Hoping that politeness and Naomi had been satisfied,  he extricated himself and headed back to the safety of the kitchen as quickly as the crowded dining room allowed.
On an impulse he asked, "How would you like to come to the restaurant with me tomorrow after school?" If she got tired she could nap on the couch in Naomi's office, and tomorrow was  Friday, so he could let her sleep in Saturday morning.
"Who's there?" Castiel played along even though his cock felt like it might explode if he didn't move soon.
Cas nodded eagerly, partly because he really would feel better if he knew how to defend himself, but mostly because of the opportunity to spend more time with Dean. "Yes. Yes, I'd like that."
It was almost dawn by the time they left the hospital, and they were both too exhausted to make the long drive home just yet. They went back to their motel room and fell asleep curled around each other in such a way that it was impossible to tell who was comforting whom.
Cas nodded. He had already pulled out of Dean, and he was softening quickly, mood officially killed. Dean felt loose, empty, and completely unsatisfied despite the fact that he had one of the best orgasms of his life less than two minutes ago. His knot had popped, but it was deflating as quickly as Cas' dick, and the rope slipped off without even needing to be untied.
Cas didn't look comforted. In fact he suddenly looked guilty, the sour scent of it rising to Dean's nose. He disentangled his fingers from Dean's and avoided the alpha's eyes. "There's more."
"He is a traitor," said the man in the lab coat. "He was in league with Metatron, helped him cast us out of Heaven."
write of course, but so far she had refused to use it for anything but her schoolwork. The doctor back in Illinois had told Castiel that this too was perfectly normal. Traumatic mutism was less about an inability to talk and more about the mind refusing to interact with a world that had suddenly become too frightening and unpredictable. So the fact that she was willing to use words even if they weren't spoken words yet meant that she was starting to feel safe again.
Cas smiled sadly and took Dean’s hand, squeezing it tightly. “I appreciate that, Dean, but like I said, I’m not a good liar, and I don’t want to embarrass myself by getting caught in a lie. They already know that I’m gay. As soon as I show up with a man, they will assume that we’re intimate. If I pretend otherwise, they’ll assume that I’m ashamed, which they of course think I should be, so they’ll attack what they see as my weak spot. If I proudly introduce you as my boyfriend, it will offend them, but it will also surprise them, and hopefully it will keep them off balance long enough for us to pay our respects and make our escape.”
"Okay. Thank you for telling me, Alpha. You can come this time. Whenever you're ready." Castiel wasn't sure he could have lasted much longer himself anyway.
"Including your face?" That would give them away for sure. Touching someone's face was pretty much universally considered intimate, particularly between two men.
She handed him a sheet of printer paper with two vaguely humanoid figures drawn on it. It was difficult to tell their gender, but they were helpfully labeled
To his surprise, after staring at him contemplatively for a moment, she dragged her pillow to the middle of the bed and snuggled up against his shoulder, her cat smushed between them. She had been distant with him so far. He'd attributed it to her not knowing him very well and maybe a fear that showing him affection would be a betrayal of her father. He tentatively stroked her hair. She sighed contentedly and let her eyes drift closed.
"Still, I don't imagine it pays very well," he said, abandoning any pretense that this wasn't an interrogation. "How do you intend to support a mate and children on a teacher's salary?"
Dr. Bradbury put her tablet aside and leaned forward. "Castiel, you have every right to still be angry with your brother for his rejection of your sexuality. Death doesn't entitle us to blanket forgiveness from the people we hurt. But if you let this anger fester, Claire will come to believe that you hated her father and that perhaps you do want her to forget him. I know it's not easy, but you need to talk to her for both your sakes. You don't have to paint her father as an angel who never did anything wrong. Like you said, he was a flawed human being. Tell her that. Tell her it was complicated. Tell her that even good people can be stubborn and misguided and prejudiced sometimes. But even without meeting Claire, I can tell you right now that she will process her grief better if she sees you grieving with her rather than trying to forget."
The panties were too tight for Dean to get Cas's cock all the way in his mouth, but he sealed his lips over the head and sucked pre-come through the fabric. Cas lost all ability to think. He screamed Dean's name, his whole body tensing as his orgasm built and built and built.
“Not at this time, no,” Mr. Novak replies, once again not looking up from his grading. Dean nods and slowly marks an X over the number. He moves on to the next question.
to admit that to himself… then it was just going to make Cas leaving hurt a lot more. For now, he would be fine in calling Cas a friend and he was thankful for that. At least he had something with him. Even if it was just friendship.
“Hey guys! Keep up!” Charlie calls over to the group in the back. There are a few students funneling through the door and into the final greenhouse.
smile belonging to this gorgeous man be for Dean and Dean alone? How has Cas not gotten tired of Dean and his inability to make words at times? Dean suddenly felt like a nervous mess just like the first time he saw Cas before the school year started. He thought that being an official couple would help with his moments of uncertainty, but no, not really.
“Did you ask Gabe?” Dean tries to say the Mythology/English teacher’s name with as little venom as possible. “I’m sure he’d leap at the chance to ditch his classroom and hang out with you.”
“If I am getting sick, I didn’t want to spread it to our boss,” Cas mutters with slightly flushed cheeks. Dean holds the doughnut up to Cas’ face.
“Sorry to hear that,” he says. He looks at the empty seat in front of the distressed teacher and moves over to occupy it. “Hey…” He waits until Mr. Novak looks up at him again. “What if I helped you with your presentation and stuff? I mean… I don’t want to tell you how to teach your subject. You’re the agriculture teacher, not me. But it sounds like you’re still pretty new and nervous with this whole teaching thing.”
the case until said best friend caught him singing in the faculty lounge. It was his prep-period and he really needed some caffeine. So twenty five cents later, he’s pouring the entire can of Coca-Cola into his “Best ‘Effin Teacher Ever” mug while belting out Def Leppard’s “Pour Some Sugar On Me.” At the peak of the second chorus, he turns and nearly drops his mug at the sight of Charlie staring in bewildered excitement from the door. Now, if Charlie had been, say, the biology teacher or the computer science teacher, Dean probably would have gotten a simple “you sound good!” and that would be the end of it.
Though with how often Charlie liked to “take the horse for a stroll” to her classroom, it becomes difficult for Dean to follow through with that.
Why couldn’t the words just come out?! He knew how he felt about Cas. He knew that Claire and Jack all but confirmed that Cas felt the same way. Why was it so difficult to say something?!
“Oh, no!” Cas replies, instantly looking a bit embarrassed. “It’s just… I had a gift for you as well.”
“That’s wonderful but…” Cas tilts his head. “We’re going to be visiting a sheep farm this semester. Not a chicken farm.” Charlie blinks and then turns to glare at Dean while Cas explains how sheep actually smell rather good (so long as their wool is sheared every year).
Not that it was any of his business, but he had a pretty good idea what that look could have meant… It’s not like he hadn’t been pulling the same thing with a certain agricultural teacher for months.
Once the students leave to hang up the many fliers, Dean holds up the horse figure for Charlie to see that he has it back. She pouts and Cas looks at Dean curiously.
hard at the mention of Gabriel. But he quickly scolds himself and gives the reminder that it’s not about his pathetic jealousy right now.
“I know,” Charlie gives him a smirk. “But you’re just saying that now since Cas isn’t here to overhear that.” Dean groans and Charlie snickers. Great, now he’s thinking and worrying about
“It’s not finished,” Cas quickly explains. “I used to be a lot faster at this particular craft but it’s actually been a while since I began to focus on my studies in the university and then teaching afterwards. But I thought I might as well try again, and the first try I made for Gabriel wasn’t so bad, so I thought I could try something a little more difficult. But then it proved to be a
Cleaning up is not all that tedious or difficult. Claire and Jack put away the advertisement signs and Dean counted out the money in the cashbox. They’re having another look through the greenhouse for any stray objects, when Dean finds a lone poinsettia hidden under a table.
"I'm just saying because last time you forgot," Adam folds his arms over his chest. "Mr. Novak docked us all points for that."
"Yeah whatever," Dean grumbles and tries to ignore how hot his face feels. It's quiet again between them. There’s a squeak of leather as Cas slides over into Dean's space. It takes him a moment to realize that Cas was giving him a hug.
“Fine,” she huffs and slides her hands off so they make that squeaking sound. “I guess it’ll just be me and the students getting to know Mr. Novak better this semester.”
“Nah, just Winchester protocol,” Dean answers before finishing off his first doughnut. “My brother kept getting sick from stress and too much cramming during college, so after lots of trial and error, we figured out how to kick colds in the as--”  Cas nudges Dean sharply as Principal Billie enters the lounge. She offers a polite nod in greeting, and Cas shuffles closer to Dean to give her enough space to select her doughnut. Her dark brown eyes stay locked onto the two men as she takes a bite. Another nod, and then she promptly leaves. Dean hears Cas let out a loud exhale. “Were you holding your breath?”
sorry,” Charlie grins and nudges Dean. “But, speaking of Cas… did he say he was going to give a two weeks notice or something? Maybe I can tag team with you in convincing him to stay.”
"My mom would sing that to us as kids," Dean feels the need to explain himself. "When we were feeling sick or just really crappy and… I guess looking at you, it felt right?" Cas gives Dean one of those smiles again. The smile that is so fond and just for Dean.
“But then I talked to Charlie and she helped me to realize a few things. One, that no teacher has a perfect beginning in their teaching career. There’s always stubborn students, and angry parents no matter where you go. She also told me how difficult her students were to her when she first started and… well, it truly made me realize that my classes were really not that bad.
confirmation that Cas did like him in that way (as if the kiss wasn’t enough already). Unfortunately, no more words would come out… but this was a start at least.
“I’ve had a headache all day,” Cas grumbles. “I’m afraid if I put sugar into my system it may grow worse.” Out of habit from having to watch over his own brother, Dean presses the back of his hand against Cas’ forehead.
It's at that moment where Dean realizes that he doesn’t regret any of the choices he had made. He really did enjoy performing alongside the students in the show, and it did actually feel nice to hear someone other than his family praise him for his talent.
“I hope so,” Cas sighs. “I suppose we will find out after the break. Not that it would take me the whole break but… that’s the next time I will see you I believe.”
“It does if you like the guy you’re kissing,” Hayden says, abandoning her phone for a topic she actually cared about now. “That’s why me kissing your boyfriend doesn’t count Adam. But
Since then, Dean had been itching for redemption. But anytime he tried to talk with the guy (the two other times that he tried), Dean’s pop culture references flew right over his head.
"No!" Dean scoffs. Cas keeps staring. "...maybe…" Cas gives a half smile. "...shut up." Dean decides that the quizzes were much more interesting than the chuckling man sitting across from him. This is why Sam tells Dean that it’s better to ask questions than to
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “Two months of after school rehearsals and stressful nights trying to  memorize lines are all over after four shows. Not to mention the constant anxiety attacks when I realized I had to sing in front of people.”
“Think of the children, Charlie!”  Charlie shows her offense at Dean’s comment by gasping dramatically and slapping a hand over her heart. Dean grins innocently. This conversation taking place in Charlie’s classroom after school was sounding all too familiar to Dean. Though, whether it was because they actually
in front of his crush/friend, he would feel too embarrassed to continue. But he didn’t. He felt at peace. Maybe he would have if he allowed himself to wonder why at this moment singing felt like second nature to him. But he doesn't think about it. He won't. Otherwise he knew he would stop.
“Cassie!” Gabriel chirps as he skips down the aisle to get to them. He plants a boot on top of the chair in front of Cas and grins brightly. “Feel my legs!”
“Perhaps,” Cas sighs. “She is one of the leads in the show, and Charlie recently checked all of the lead students’ grades.” Dean hums in understanding and takes a smaller bite.
“Do you hear that?” he asks, looking out towards his car and the falling snow. Cas looks that way and then towards the door. Dean feels the man stiffen in his arms and he immediately looks over. The mythology/English teacher had his face pressed against the door window. His eyes shimmering with wetness and his mouth pulled in a pout usually reserved for looking at baby animals. Gabe had the door cracked open so that he could stick his phone out and play the music that Dean thought was in his head.
embroidered on it hung from the mantel above the empty fireplace, but those were the Novaks' only decorations for the holidays.
Naomi's expression was sympathetic which was even more unnerving than the politeness. "Maybe not on purpose, but I've known men like him before. They have short attention spans. When the next fascinating new thing comes along …"
tell her that). "All I've got, all I've ever had, is me. So I've learned to take care of myself, and I've gotten pretty damn good at it. I don't need some bossy, overprotective alpha telling me what to do with my life. I am not a child, and I am not
"Dean," Sam said as they walked to their cars, "I'm really glad that things are going so well with this new boyfriend. I was starting to worry that you were gonna spend the rest of your life pining for Cas."
, in the whole world just knowing that Cas loved him back. Did his inner alpha want to bite Cas as soon as possible and lock this down? Of course, but his inner alpha was a greedy, selfish bastard.
She was looking rather pointedly at Castiel as she said that last part. He, equally pointedly, put his hand over Dean's on the table in plain view and lightly caressed Dean's knuckles with his thumb. The quality of their work hadn't suffered in the slightest since their relationship changed. She couldn't use that as an excuse to come between them whatever her personal opinions about workplace romance.
Aaron's smile was shy, half hidden by a thick beard. He was clearly the more introverted half of the couple, balancing out Max's vibrant energy.
Castiel sighed. If he didn't deserve to be happy, why had the universe given him Dean Winchester? It seemed incredibly unfair. "Yes. I hear you," he said which was true. He didn't say anything about believing it.
Dean typed it into Bobby’s dinosaur of a computer and waited while the machine grudgingly searched its memory. “Pretty dog,” he said, nodding at the black Labrador sitting patiently by the man’s feet. Its eyes were the exact same color as its master’s. “Is he friendly?”
"One time she decided that she wanted me to wear her panties. They were pink and satiny and, God help me, I liked it. I mean I
By this time they were inside the car, and the proud owner turned the key in the ignition. The engine rumbled like a tiger, and Cas found the sound inexplicably comforting to his jangled nerves.
"Jack," Castiel said as he was drying the little boy off and wrapping him in his dinosaur bathrobe, "you know how we've talked about you maybe coming to live at my house someday? Permanently, I mean, not just for a weekend?"
Food was left in the anteroom five times a day because not only did an omega's metabolism speed up considerably during heat, but an alpha who was knotting ten or twelve times a day needed to keep his blood sugar up too. It was mostly finger food which Castiel had at first thought was to minimize the number of dishes that the clinic's no doubt busy kitchen staff had to wash. He found out the real reason when he reflexively reached out to pop a bite size beef dumpling into Dean's mouth before he'd thought about what he was doing.
," Castiel amended. None of his other partners had ever tried it, but he didn't think he would have liked it if they had. He would have been worried that they'd drop him, or he'd have felt ridiculous being carried around like the helpless damsel in some cheesy romance novel. But with Dean he felt perfectly secure, both in terms of gravity and his masculinity.
"I'll show you the website," Dean laughed. "You can pick out which ones you think would look good on me."
"Okay," he said with a smile. At least he'd gotten one thing right tonight. "Try to sleep now. I'll be right here if you have any more bad dreams."
Dean was staring at the next door neighbor's hyacinths, but Cas had a feeling he was seeing something else. He was lost in memories, talking more to himself than to Cas. "That became the pattern for a while. He'd come home, we'd spend a few days together, mostly in bed, and then he'd leave again. I guess it was a friends with benefits kind of thing except I wasn't sleeping with anyone else. I was just waiting for him, exactly what I said I wouldn't do. I think if he had asked again, I would have said yes, but he never did, and I felt like enough of a hypocrite for sleeping with him. I couldn't beg him to come back to me when I was the one who ended it in the first place. Well," he amended, "I could, but I wasn't going to. And then …" Dean's voice cracked again. "Then he died."
Dean. Prompt as usual. Castiel generally appreciated that in a date, but today he wished the man had been just a few minutes late. He tried to use his fingers to bring some semblance of order if not style to his hair but only succeeded in making it look like he'd run his fingers through it. He gave up and went to the door in his sock feet.
Castiel slid his hand up Dean's chest and around the back of his neck as though getting ready to pull him in for a kiss. "How do we tell for sure?"
"Oh." Dean blushed and smiled sheepishly, a thread of embarrassment cutting through the arousal in his scent. "Yeah. Course." He scrambled off the bed, gathered up the ropes, and went to tuck them safely away in his suitcase.
"You're sure?" Cas stroked his cheek. "You don't have to do it just for me. I have never had any complaints about our sex life. I don't need the kinky stuff to make it exciting. Every time with you is the best sex I ever had no matter what we do."
you to tell me if there's something you need me to say out loud. I'm not great with words, but for you I'll try."
Dean watched Cas give it serious consideration. He could almost hear the wheels turning in that sexy brain of his. But finally Cas shook his head. "No. We can discuss it with Sam. We can keep it in our back pocket just in case, but I have no wish to publicly humiliate them like that if it can be avoided. I won't fight dirty unless I have absolutely no other choice."
"Castiel?" Charlie's eyes widened. "As in the trench coat wearing angel who rescued you from Hell and then rebelled against Heaven to help you stop the apocalypse? That Castiel?"
"Cas?" Dean suddenly cut her off, and this time he didn't bother to hide his worry. "Cas, what's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost."
"That is one thing I love about big cities," Dean said when they were relatively alone again. "No one bats an eye at two guys obviously on a date."
"I've decided to make a will, and with your permission, I'd like to name you Claire's legal guardian if something were to happen to me before she turns eighteen."
"Me?! He's the one who just—" Dean broke off with a chuckle and leaned his head into Cas' hand while still breathing deeply. "I'll never get used to the way kids can do that, almost break their little necks and then run off to play like nothing happened."
Castiel heard the bathroom door open and Missouri's quiet steps in the hall, but she didn't come looking for them, and a moment later he heard Claire's door softly close.
"You know perfectly well I was talking about the customers, not my staff. I had only one condition when I took this job. I choose who I work with."
Sam transferred the perfectly crisped bacon to a paper towel, threw some more in the pan, then said in a more serious tone, "Can I ask you something?"
much worse.) "Dean," he said, staring intently into Dean's eyes in that soul-gazing way of his, "there is nothing wrong with you, and there is nothing wrong with what we just did. Whatever happens, whatever Michael says, I need you to remember that. Can you do that for me?"
Castiel gently cupped Dean's cheek, suddenly overwhelmed with so much love for this man. "My good Alpha," he murmured, and Dean shivered under him at the praise. "Test that binding for me."
This time Castiel held the book more carefully, stroking its cover as reverently as Dean had. It was the first thing he had ever owned.
"That means she's second in command," Castiel explained, "and when I'm not in the kitchen, she's in charge of everything." He noticed Naomi standing by the door, giving him a we-need-to-talk look, so he led Claire to the chef's table, the closest thing to a quiet corner there was in a restaurant kitchen, and got her settled. "Do your homework before the coloring book," he said, "and in a few minutes I'll find you something to eat."
“Okay, I gotta go save her majesty from the zombie hoards. I’ll see you tomorrow. Give Jess a hug from me.”
“I know. Believe me, I’m trying my damnedest not to screw this up.” Dean looked down at the scratched wood of the tabletop, tracing the spot where they’d carved their initials into it the day they moved in. There was a similar mark on the back right side door of the Impala, and on the windowsill of their room at Bobby and Jodi’s house. It was their tradition, their way of declaring,
Castiel reached for the remote and paused the movie. "Dean, I'm sorry if this is too heavy a question for less than five minutes after our first kiss, but I need to know. What are you looking for here? Because I can't have a casual relationship. I have to think of Claire. She needs stability, now more than ever."
"That's awful," Dean said with genuine sympathy. "I mean, to go from having the whole universe at your fingertips to being … a slave with about four inches of living space. That's … That sucks, man. I'm sorry."
Cas was still giving him that uncertain, searching look, and Dean just wanted to wrap the omega up in a hug and kiss those frown lines off his forehead, but they were at work. "You're sure you don't mind missing Christmas with your family?"
Dean hurried to get the cookies out of the oven before they really did burn and tried to ignore his inner alpha howling at him to go comfort his omega.
Dean payed for the two shirts, and they headed out to the parking lot. For a few minutes Castiel thought it had been a false alarm after all. He didn't see the man following them, but then he spotted him standing beside a gray pickup parked a few spaces away from the Impala. He must have left the store ahead of them, trusting the check out line to hold them up and give him time to get in position. Or maybe it was a coincidence. He just happened to leave at the same time as them. The store didn't have shoes in his size. Maybe.
He was pointing to a mural on the tile wall above the kitchen sink. It depicted a beach and two little boys building a sand castle. Cas was sure he recognized the golden haired boy with the green eyes and a sprinkling of freckles on his cheeks. The smaller boy with the unruly brown curls tumbling into his face must be a young Sam.
"Okay. All set. He says we can come by his office tomorrow around noon, and he's giving you the friends and family discount which is Sammy-speak for pro bono."
"Please believe me, Dean," Cas was saying, gaze locked on the floor and wringing his hands. "I… I didn't mean to do it. I… I just panicked. He was going on and on about mating, and I couldn't think. I had to say
Dean took a step closer to her. He had lowered his gun since he knew it wouldn't work on her, but his posture was no less aggressive. "I'm Dean motherfucking Winchester," he said in a voice as pleasant as poisoned honey, "and if you want to kill him, you'll have to go through me because he … is …
Cas was silent for almost a whole minute, and Dean let him think. Finally he said, “Yes. I missed my mother’s funeral because I was scared and confused and no one would explain to me what was happening, so I never got to …” — his voice cracked again — “to say goodbye. I don’t think I’d ever forgive myself if I did that twice.”
"Any time," Dean said. On an impulse, he kissed Cas on the cheek before sitting down with his own plate.
He closed the door very quietly and let the towel fall to the floor. Then he carefully climbed onto the bed, grateful once again for his memory foam mattress which didn't bounce or squeak. He laid down on his side, face to face with Cas, and reached out to stroke the omega's cheek, feeling the prickle of stubble under his palm. Cas hated shaving, finding it a tedious and uncomfortable process, but he also disliked having a beard, saying it itched (although Dean thought he looked damn sexy with a beard), so he compromised by shaving as infrequently as possible, maintaining a permanent five o'clock shadow (which was also pretty damn sexy in Dean's opinion).
"It's okay," Dean said with a reassuring smile. "At least you didn't do it in the car. Come on. Let's get you inside."
Dean was only halfway through clearing out his closet when Cas joined him upstairs. Wordlessly, Cas began to help, and between them they managed to get Dean completely moved in in less than an hour. Cas finished the job by ceremoniously placing the framed photo of Dean and his mother that had always resided on Dean's bedside table right beside the pictures of Jack.
"I love you too," Castiel mumbled, and he fell asleep feeling truly, completely safe and loved, maybe for the first time in his life.
He remembered a hopeless night in a motel parking lot when he had prayed for the first time in his life, and it wasn't God who answered. It was Cas. It was always Cas. And yes, he had betrayed Dean too, hurt him, and let him down, but he always came back, always tried to fix it. He took risks and made sacrifices for Dean, and he made mistakes and screwed up again and again, and through it all Dean loved him. Even when he was fucking furious at him, neck deep in Leviathans and watching Sam go off the rails and all of it Cas's fault, Dean had still loved him and wanted him to come back so there would at least be the possibility of them getting past all that shit and being … being
Castiel quietly slipped out of the room leaving the door open a crack as Jack preferred, and walked down the hall to the guest room. He intended to tell Dean about his decision immediately, but when he opened the door, he jerked to a stop, all coherent thoughts fleeing his mind at the sight that greeted him.
They laid back down and looked up at the sky. It was a gorgeous shade of purple with streaks of green that foreshadowed a thunderstorm later. Dean reached out and took Cas’s hand, weaving their fingers together. After a moment, he wriggled a little closer to Cas and rolled his head until it was almost but not quite touching Cas’s shoulder.
"Second of all?" Dean prompted gently. His mouth was suddenly very dry, and his heart was hammering. He was pretty sure he knew where this was going.
"I've been kind of dreading this day," Dean said when the laughter had died down, "because in my experience change has usually been a bad thing. But these past few months I've started to realize that even when you're already happy and you really like your life, things can still change for the better." He raised his glass. "So here's to my awesome brother and my brand new, much less annoying sister. I hope that you keep getting happier with every day you spend together. To Sam and Jess."
"Oh. N-no, that's all right." There was no way he could hold Rosie without thinking of Claire and Jimmy, and if it hurt as bad as it had before …
the longer you refuse to tell me what's wrong, so will you please just get over yourself and talk to me already?"
"Hey. Max Baines," the slightly taller of the two men introduced himself. He had coffee colored skin and a bright smile that made his deep, dark eyes twinkle mischievously. Castiel would have found him incredibly attractive in the days before all his attention swung towards Dean like the needle of a compass pointing true north. Now, however, he felt only an abstract appreciation for the beauty of the man. "This is my husband, Aaron."
“Tell me about it,” Gabriel sighed. “Last Christmas he didn’t come out of his study. Not once. He was working on yet another book. Don’t know if he ever finished it. I went in to give him his present and he barely looked at me. And you know, I really wasn’t all that disappointed. I wasn’t expecting anything else. Feels like he’s been gone a long time.”
rock my world in the sack? I'd have to be a born idiot to let you get away… What? Why are you looking at me like that?"
Castiel laughed and held him close, heedless of the sticky mess sandwiched between them. "Happy Valentine's Day." The lingering post-orgasm high gave him the courage to add, "Hopefully, the first of many we'll celebrate together."
The little alpha was wiggling in his seat with excitement, and Dean immediately turned away from Michael to give Jack his full attention. "You are?" he said, somehow managing to convey without an ounce of condescension or insincerity that this was surprising and exciting news.
Except Castiel couldn't think of another plan with the same chance of success. He and Dean were always getting mistaken for a couple because of how much they hugged, cuddled, and scented each other. (Of course, Castiel did these things because they allowed him to pretend for a few minutes at a time that they
"Okay!" Jack said agreeably, and he began scrambling around the room, scooping up handfuls of paper and dropping them into the trash bag left in the corner for just this purpose.
"I believe that you sincerely believe that," Castiel said levelly, "but you're his brother. I'm not sure you're the most objective judge of his character."
Castiel could detect the faintest whiff of burnt toast emanating from Dean, but the alpha remained a solid, unwavering presence at Castiel's side, using the tricks he had learned from dealing with his father to control his scent. He doubted Michael would be able to pick up on the subtleties of Dean's scent unless he was completely overwhelmed.
“No, it’s fine. It’s just …” Dean hesitated. This was gonna make him sound so insecure, but what the hell. He
Recognizing that she'd pushed him too far, Naomi held up her hands in surrender. "Perhaps not. And perhaps it is, as you said, none of my business. But may I show you something before you dismiss my opinions entirely?"
Castiel was standing in the big fridge, staring blankly at the shelves of ingredients and trying to think of a way to combine them into something a nine year old would eat, when the door opened and Dean came in.
"I don't care. Anywhere. If you want we can just pick a random direction and drive until we find somewhere interesting. The only thing I care about is that you're there with me." He reached across the table and cupped Dean's cheek. "I love you so much," he murmured. "This has been the best year of my life, and I … I never want it to end."
On her way to the door she patted Dean's arm and murmured something Castiel couldn't quite make out. He gave Dean a questioning look as the door closed behind her. Dean shrugged, his own cheeks more than a little pink too. "She said, 'You be good to him. He's a keeper.' I think it was her version of the hurt-him-and-I'll-kill-you speech."
actually have romantic feelings for Cas is entirely irrelevant. Cas is twice as touchy feely as Dean is.)
Sleepy footsteps shuffled up to the door and the handle rattled. "Dean?" Cas called when he discovered that it was locked. And dear God, the sound of that deep, sleep and lust roughened voice saying his name made Dean shudder from head to toe with desire. "What's wrong?"
Dean had noticed the lack of mating pheromones in Castiel's scent. "Guess we're out of the woods," he said, and was it Castiel's imagination or did he too seem a little regretful that their time together was over?
He re-slicked his cock one more time. When he pushed back into Dean, the alpha gave a contented sigh, completely surrendering to the pleasure now that he knew he didn't have to hold back or control himself anymore.
Dean took a deep breath and got his scent under control before he knocked on the door of Cas's room. A gravelly voice called out, "Come in."
"Cas, you know you don't have to meet him yet if you're not ready. I know this happened kind of suddenly, but that doesn't mean we have to rush into anything."
Dean’s resolve to take things slow had lasted exactly a week, and he thought he deserved a medal for that.
Dean faltered for a moment but recovered quickly. "We're gonna take it one kid at a time, see how we feel," he improvised, and then, because it seemed like a good opportunity to test the waters, he added, "We'll probably wait until Jack is settled in with us before having another one. We don't want to overwhelm him with too many changes at once."
They drank tea (well, Castiel did; Dean had beer) and ate crackers with hummus. At first they didn't talk, but the silence was comfortable, companionable. Finally Dean said, "So how long were you stuck in there?"
Cas really couldn't blame Bartholomew for ditching him. The date had started off badly, the conversation progressing in fits and starts, and by the time the other man made up an excuse about forgetting to feed his neighbor's dog (first he said
"Why don't you do that? I'm not telling you to quit your job," Dean hurriedly added. "I mean, you barely know me, and you didn't ask for my advice. I'm just curious. What's stopping you from going out and doing what you really want to do?"
Castiel looked up to find Dean watching him with a worried frown. He must have been spaced out for some time. He put aside his slightly disturbing revelation to deal with later and held out a spoonful of bisque to Dean. "Taste this and tell me what it needs."
In the past few weeks Cas's bruises had faded to a sickly yellowish green, but his ribs were still tender, and there were only a few ways he could comfortably have sex. His favorite way, to Dean's delight, was riding his alpha into the mattress until they both saw stars.
Castiel smiled and rewarded him with a lick to his scent gland. When he was sure that Dean wasn't on the edge anymore, he added more slick and pushed inside again. Shallow, gentle thrusts at first, working up to a faster rhythm, and stopping as soon as the tension in Dean's muscles and the strength of Dean's scent let him know the alpha was close.
There was a beat of silence, Benny clearly waiting for Dean to elaborate. When he didn't, Benny said, "Now I can tell that there's more to this story, brotha. If you want my help with something, I'm gonna need a little more to go on."
But Jimmy had all the same memories Castiel did, and he had never let that stop him from giving Claire the best Christmas he could afford. Castiel owed her no less.
"After … after my mother died, after Jimmy and I went into foster care, I started getting into trouble at school. Then, when I realized I was only making life harder for myself, I tried other things. Things that didn't draw attention."
"It's potato soup," Castiel said, deciding that the proper French name would probably scare her off.
"Oh, Dean." Cas's voice was soft but clear. He was probably leaning against the door, trying to get as close to his alpha as the barrier would allow. "What if I don't want you to?"
So yeah, he was aware that it was one of his flaws, and no one gave him more shit about it than he did himself, but this once he felt he could be forgiven because the man in front of him was very, very distracting.
“Well, you do. And when you’re talking about something you’re passionate about, it’s even more beautiful.”
Castiel's heart stuttered. There it was. Dean didn't want to be around him anymore. It was too awkward, or Dean was just tired of his company. After everything their friendship had survived, that this was what broke them was so … unfair. Tired and overwrought as he was, Castiel couldn't keep the hurt out of his scent or suppress the tears that stung his eyes. Damn human hormones.
For a second Dean thought that Michael was going to hit Cas, and he tensed up, ready to step in. He didn’t know much about fighting, but years of protecting Sam from their dad’s drunken rages had taught him how to take a punch.
They did occasionally have sex without a scene of any kind. Castiel thought back to Charlie's New Year's Eve party last year. (She had been less than pleased to find them screwing in
It would have been the best day Dean had had in quite some time — so much of his family gathered in one place and no imminent doom hanging over them — except the person who mattered most had vanished after casting a parting death glare at a thankfully oblivious Charlie.
"So," Dean said while they were laying in bed one night, sweaty and sated. He said it in a tone Cas had come to recognize, a tone that meant Dean had an idea, and he was really, really hoping Cas would agree to it, but he was trying to sound casual and detached so Cas wouldn't feel pressured to agree if he didn't want to. "We're having a little graduation slash welcome home party for Jess this Saturday. And by little I mean, like, ten people max. You interested?"
Sam had no idea what to say to that, and fortunately Cas didn't seem to expect an answer, so Sam started emptying the boxes of junk and filling them with books instead. When Cas wordlessly began to help him, it felt perfectly natural, like they'd been friends for years.
"Could I persuade you to dance with me?" Cas asked tentatively, unsure if Dean would be comfortable with that in front of so many people.
with bright pink post-it notes marking favorite pages. Clearly he was a lot smarter than he liked to admit.
. I love my job. I don't want to quit to be a stay at home omega, and Dean would never expect me to, just as I would never expect him to leave a job
Castiel edged away, uncomfortably reminded of his "conversations" with Naomi. Could Metatron subconsciously program him to hurt Dean or spy on him? Maybe he already had. Maybe there had been many meetings like this, and Castiel had forgotten. What if … No. He was human now. He had free will. Humans could be persuaded or tricked, but they could not be controlled the way angels could. Metatron could say whatever he wanted. Castiel would always choose Dean.
"Dude, of course," Dean said without hesitation. "Mi casa, su casa. Literally. Your name is on the deed too. I couldn't legally kick you out even if I wanted to which I don't. Stay as long as you need." A small, selfish part of him was jumping for joy, but he gave it a mental kick, and it shuffled off into the corner, properly ashamed of itself.
Dean blushed. Cas loved how easy it was to make him do that. “Yeah, I’d like that. Here.” He grabbed a napkin, fished a pen out of his pocket, and wrote down a phone number. Then he slid the napkin across the table together with a fifty dollar bill.
The man turned red. Obviously he did not speak French and was either too angry or too embarrassed (likely both) to ask for a translation. He threw down his napkin like it was a gauntlet and said, "That's it. We'll take our business elsewhere."
Castiel became aware of something other than the blanket under his ass. Something soft but textured. "Wait. Stop, Dean," he gasped.
“Not at all,” Cas assured him. “I didn’t understand most of it, but I like listening to you talk. Has anyone ever told you what a beautiful voice you have?”
, Castiel mouthed. This was something they should discuss in private, not with Naomi glaring at them like an irate schoolteacher who has caught her students whispering in class.
"You must understand, Dean," Michael said, "Castiel isn't just my little brother. He's like a son to me too. I raised him after our parents died. Did he tell you that?"
Dean took a condom from the open box on the bedside table and rolled it on just in case he wasn't in a frame of mind to remember later. Then he joined Cas on the bed, but he didn't settle on top of him just yet. Once he was inside his omega, the rut instincts would take over, and he wouldn't have the control to make sure he didn't do more damage than necessary.
Sitting at that table with Dean's hand resting comfortably on his knee, passing burgers and salads back and forth, joining in the conversation when his mouth wasn't full of delicious homemade food, Cas didn't feel at all out of place. He felt like he had come home.
"It's not like Sam can stop being a beta, so why can't he just get over his disappointment and accept his son for who and what he is?"
Dean kissed him back for only a moment before pulling away, green eyes suddenly wide and fearful. "Wait, wait. What if… what if something happens to both of us? I mean, we're together a lot of the time. If there was a car accident or a fire at the restaurant, the odds that we'd both be there are—"
Cas remembers during his pregnancy having his car and his dorm room tagged with offensive slurs such as "whore" and "slut".
Dean felt the blankets shift and settle as Cas got out of bed. He immediately missed the omega's warmth against his back. That loss combined with Jack's incessant bouncing made it highly unlikely that he was getting back to sleep any time soon, so he sat up too, fumbling for his glasses on the top of the nightstand.
"What offer?" he asked stiffly, figuring that the fastest way out of here was to let Metatron speak his piece.
Castiel made a concerted effort to gather his thoughts. The way he handled the next few minutes was crucial. Dean was already half in subspace. He was completely relaxed except for his arms, and his eyes were hazy and a little unfocused. If Castiel said the wrong thing, or even the right thing in the wrong tone, his sub would perceive it as a rejection of this beautiful gift and of him.
"It's okay, Cas." Dean crossed the room and cradled Castiel's face between his hands, smiling fondly. "You don't have to explain. You're a parent. Worrying is in the job description, but I got this. You go cook for the staff meeting. Claire and I will be just fine."
Babi or Baba are common diminutives of the Russian word babushka which means "grandmother". Since Castiel's surname Novak is common throughout Russia and Eastern Europe, it made sense to me that he would call his grandmother that.
"You aren't seriously going to suspend her just because the other child can tell you what supposedly happened and Claire can't contradict their story," he said, turning on the principal in a burst of fierce parental protectiveness. "That's outright discrimination."
The man waiting for them on the steps of the church was definitely a Novak. Dean could see the resemblance right away, but all the best parts of Cas were missing. The dark hair was slicked down with gel and severely styled, and the eyes were more gray than blue, lacking the depths of humor, curiosity, and kindness that made Cas’s gaze so piercing. Everything about this man was cold, hard, and polished like a marble statue.
Dean must have figured it out too because he stepped forward and a little to the right, shielding Castiel with his body. His scent had gone wild with alpha protectiveness.
"Okay. I'll check on that after we get your arm patched up. In the meantime try not to move too much." Dean had no idea how he was keeping his voice and his scent so calm. His inner alpha was howling at him to hunt down everyone who had ever dared to even
"I—" Cas clutched at Dean's shirt as though afraid he might vanish. "On the one hand, I've wanted you for my mate since before Jack was born, but on the other, I don't think we should rush into anything. If this is going to work, and I want so badly for this to work, Dean… there are things we need to talk about first."
"Please don't ask me that," Castiel said, his voice coming out tight and strained as he fought back tears again. "I can… I can be not okay later. Now I have to be," he trailed off.
Castiel woke an indeterminable amount of time later, disoriented and alone. "Dean?" he called. There was no answer. Fighting down panic, Castiel fumbled for his phone, momentarily forgetting about his broken wrist. He remembered abruptly and painfully as his cast collided with the corner of the bedside table.
Dean had a tattoo. That was the first thing Castiel noticed. A five point star in a ring of flames just below his left collarbone. Castiel had never had a tattoo kink, or at least he hadn't thought he did, but his rapidly swelling cock definitely twitched at the sight of that ink under Dean's skin. "Souvenir of a misspent youth?" he asked, tracing it with his fingertip.
“I’m fine. I just didn’t get to enjoy this part last night. Cuddling isn’t as much fun when you’re trying not to puke.”
. He barely needed that extra punch of pleasure when Cas did finally hit the sweet spot. God, he could probably come just from the
. Castiel has always been good at getting his own way. Our parents spoiled him since he was the baby of the family, and I didn't do much better I suppose. I was young and immature myself when I took custody of him. I was far more concerned with wanting him to
"I'm hard," Dean observed with some surprise as Cas took off his pants. He had completely forgotten about it while he was on his knees having his mouth fucked, but now that he'd noticed, the aching need to be touched made itself felt again with a vengeance. But Cas had ordered him not to touch himself, and he wanted to be Cas' good Alpha. That was the most important thing in the world, so he fisted his hands in the sheets to make sure he
"I'm moving in with Cas." Dean's mulish expression softened, and he looked almost giddy with happiness. "He asked me a couple weeks ago, and I … I gave it a lot of thought. I didn't make this decision impulsively, Sam. I swear. This … This is what I want. This is everything I've ever wanted, and I —"
The man’s exit was delayed by Grace who had taken a liking to Dean's ear scratches and was reluctant to follow her master. In the two extra seconds it took to get the dog moving, Dean had three thoughts.
In answer Dean tipped his head back, exposing his throat. He could have just turned to the side, giving Cas access to the scent gland behind his ear, but the extra gesture of trust felt … right.
Castiel actually felt a smile spread over his face, watching her stalk off in a huff. Two months ago she would have left quietly, face blank and moving lethargically as though she honestly couldn't care less. She
“Sounds good to me.” Dean had always preferred informal dates. Getting dressed up and going somewhere expensive might be romantic, but it didn’t really encourage people to be themselves which kind of defeated the whole purpose of a date.
Of course the album could tell a darker story if you knew what to look for. Their mother didn't appear in many pictures, and when she did, her smile looked sad and forced. There were occasionally blurry men in the background, but either Babi hadn't taken any pictures of Mama's "friends", or Jimmy hadn't included those pictures in the album. There had been so many of them over the years, Castiel couldn't remember any names.
"Oh my God, it's you," he exclaimed as though Castiel was some kind of celebrity. "You're … You're you."
Dean chuckled and settled down behind Cas, wrapping an arm around his chest and nuzzling into the nape of his neck.
The pancakes were wonderful, fluffy and chocolaty and just the right amount of sweet. Claire and Dean had a contest to see who could stuff more in their mouth at one time and both ended up looking like chipmunks. Castiel just watched with amusement, ignoring Dean goading him to join in. "You already know I can fit quite a lot in my mouth," he finally said with a raised eyebrow, "but if you'd like me to prove it again…"
Castiel couldn't help tensing up a little. The alpha he was desperately in love with offering to claim him while they were laying in bed together, sweaty and satisfied and covered in each other's scent? Yeah, no amount of logic would convince his inner omega that that was just Dean being a good friend.
"I love you," Dean murmured against Cas's lips. It was getting easier, more natural every time he said it.
Dean didn't try to move right away. He just sat there on Castiel's cock, and Castiel rubbed his thighs, soothing the muscles which must already be aching from this position. They stared into each other's eyes for long minutes, reveling in the closeness, no clothes, no condoms, no need to act professional.
Sam looked up from the pile of clothes that he was methodically turning into two piles — to pack and to donate. Dean was sitting cross legged on the floor in front of one of the numerous boxes of random crap that had, until an hour ago, been stuffed into the back of Sam's closet, and he was holding an unlabeled VHS tape. "Don't know," Sam said. "Play it and find out."
Castiel had to stifle a scream as he came harder than he ever had in his life. Dean wasn't far behind, and Castiel thought that the feeling of Dean spilling inside him without a condom might have actually triggered a second orgasm. It certainly seemed like a long time passed before he even started to come down.
"What?" Dean blinked at him and then laughed. "No. No, babe, it's nothing like that. I just…" He trailed off, biting his lip nervously, then cupped Castiel's cheek, the simple gesture so tender and worshipful that it made Castiel's throat tighten with emotion. "I love you so much. You know that, right?"
Ropes. The most beautiful ropes he had ever seen, made from intricately braided strands of gold, red, and dark green, the colors mingling in the tassels at the ends of each length.
Cas smiled like a cat that got the cream. "Then you may prep yourself while you wait. You may give yourself as much pleasure as you wish while doing so, but you may not come. And I give you fair warning," he raised one eyebrow in that way of his that always made Dean's blood boil, "I'm not going to go easy on you tonight, and if you come before I tell you to, I will be
Since they were supposed to be a couple, naturally the guest room they were shown to had only one king-sized bed. When Hannah and Jack left them alone to unpack and settle in (Jack was persuaded to leave his father's side with the promise that he could 'help' mash the potatoes for dinner), Castiel looked sidelong at Dean. "I guess it's a good thing we actually do share a bed sometimes," he said in an attempt to lighten the mood, "or this would be
"What Hannah saw," Castiel said, barely resisting the urge to growl at his brother (challenging Michael's inner alpha like that would
"I wish I could say I'm even a little bit shocked," Michael said at last, "but to be perfectly honest, I suspected there was something of this," he grimaced in distaste, "disgusting nature going on. It was painfully obvious where the balance of power lay in this relationship."
He suddenly realized that the itching in his claiming bite had faded after their impromptu cuddling session upstairs.
Dean took a moment to breathe and let his heart climb out of his stomach before asking, "So what happened?"
Dean looked very tempted, but he still hesitated. It was Castiel's turn to reach out and touch the other man's arm.
He was transferring Dean’s number from the napkin to his own phone when Pam came back. “Did he ditch you?” she said with a thunderous expression when she saw Dean’s empty seat. “Oh, I’m going to kick his pretty little ass.”
On Monday nights, once Claire was in bed, it usually wasn't long before Castiel and Dean retreated to the privacy of what Castiel was quickly coming to think of as
husband, and he is as kind and compassionate and good hearted as he is gorgeous. You can't tell me I'm not the luckiest man on Earth."
It was a good thing Dean had finished with the tomatoes or he might have cut his thumb off. “And your Catholic family still talks to
Cas just smiled back innocently, thinking that flushed and breathless was a good look on Dean Winchester even if he wasn’t flushed and breathless for the right reasons.
"No, that's not necessary," Castiel protested. "You shouldn't lose money because of someone else's bigotry." He knew well that restaurants like this operated on a shoestring budget, often just barely keeping the doors open from month to month.
Finally they had no choice but to go in. Jody was behind the reception desk, and she greeted them with a bright smile and a "Merry Christmas, boys".
Then Jodi called that the food was ready and anyone who wanted to eat had better get their butt in the dining room. "That means you, Dean Winchester."
"Oh, Cas." Dean tried to pull Castiel into his arms, but Castiel didn't feel like he deserved the comfort. He hated himself for breaking down today of all days. Today was supposed to be about spoiling Dean.
"You two are very sweet together," Hannah said as she handed Castiel a plate to dry. "Don't worry about Michael. He'll come around. You know he can be a bit overprotective when it comes to his baby brother."
He looked down at his own hands, curled around his half finished mug of cocoa. He tried to take comfort in the lingering warmth, but like the rest of this wonderful day, it was fading fast, soon to be gone for good. "Yes," he said quietly. "Yes, I'm gay, and yes, I find you extremely attractive. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable. Please believe me when I say that I would never have acted on my feelings without your express permission. I would have been content to have your friendship."
Claire's bed was empty, so he followed the delicious smells and the low rumble of Dean's voice to the kitchen where he found … A dream come true. Dean was standing at the stove, barefoot and unshaven, and even in the weak wintry sunlight struggling through the window he looked unfairly beautiful. Claire was kneeling on a chair beside him, and he was teaching her how to flip a pancake.
The irony of it was that Naomi's meddling actually did more to put him off his game than his attraction to Dean ever had. As the night went on, he was distracted, short tempered, and worst of all, clumsy. He dropped a plate, an empty one thankfully, and burned his wrist stirring a sauce a little too vigorously in a futile attempt to alleviate his anger and frustration.
They were both silent for a while, absorbing each other’s revelations. Then Dean pushed himself up on his elbow and smiled down at Cas. “So we both got issues,” he said. “I’ll put up with yours as long as you put up with mine. Deal?”
“I don’t think they actually made a decision to have twenty kids. It just happened. They were devout Catholics. They didn’t believe in birth control, and apparently they loved each other very much.” Some of the amusement faded from Cas’s tone as he added, “Of course, these days my brother Gabriel is the only one I have any kind of relationship with, and he’s not great at keeping in touch, so most of the time I might as well be an only child.”
"So, Sam," Castiel said in his most innocent tone, "do you have any embarrassing stories from Dean's childhood you'd like to share?"
"And as to the former, if you're not sure what you're going to be comfortable with, we can play it by ear. How about this? From here on out, we don't sleep with other people without discussing it with each other first. If we are not both one-hundred percent comfortable, then nothing happens. No dating, no kissing, no sex without each other's
Dean held up his hands. "Look, you can try to pay him, but knowing him, if he does take your money, he'll just donate it to some charity for homeless kids or something. You might as well skip the middle man and donate the money yourself."
Cas lifted his head and propped his chin on Dean's shoulder. There was bemusement and shy hopefulness in his scent. "Isn't the alpha traditionally the dominant one in the relationship?" he asked.
“Obsessively neat? I know. It’s a habit my stepmother beat into me. Literally. I had to clean my room every Sunday, and I do mean clean, not just tidy up. She would inspect it before we left for church, and heaven help me if there was a single dust bunny under the bed. I figured out that the neater I kept it during the week, the less work I had to do on Sunday, and the less likely I was to get in trouble, so I got in the habit of putting everything back in its place as soon as I was finished with it. I
"If I still had any doubts about that, I don't after today. If all you wanted was sex, you would never have risked telling me about your brother."
"Hi, Jack," Dean said, setting down the bags. "It's nice to meet you. We've actually met before, but you won't remember. You were about this big." He held his thumb and index finger less than an inch apart.
. He immediately burrowed into the other man's chest, screams giving way to ragged sobs. Dean coaxed him back down into the pillows, rubbing his back and making soothing nonsense sounds interspersed with the occasional "It's okay" or "I've got you, baby."
There were suddenly several different kinds of pain in various parts of his body, and he couldn't separate one from another to tell how badly he was injured. He somehow managed to roll on top of his opponent, literally gaining the upper hand, and before he could think about what he was doing, he sank his angel blade into the soft, yielding flesh of the man's belly.  The man made no sound although his mouth opened in a pantomime of a scream as the angel inside him flared bright and died.
It was New Year’s Eve. Dean had suggested they get a few of their own fireworks and set them off from the bunker roof, but Sam had reluctantly insisted it might damage the warding or attract unwanted attention. Dean had scoffed. So it came about that they stood on the roof, watching fireworks go up as the clock strike midnight, all across Kansas. Sam was grinning like a kid and Cas was awestruck. The light from the fireworks reflected in his eyes, and Dean wanted nothing more than to reach over, tilt his chin towards Dean and claim those beautiful lips as his own. Which nothing was technically stopping him from doing, except the plans he’d have for after that kiss and the fact his little brother was standing nearby. Sam hadn’t been thrilled when he walked into Dean’s room a few days back only to discover Cas on his knees in the middle of a rather intimate act. Since then, the door had remained firmly locked and Sam had glared at them whenever they kissed with anything more than chaste affection, as if to say, ‘Don’t you two start again.’
The phrase floated to him, for a moment unknown, and then he remembered. Emily Dickens. Cas had read it to him – said – Jesus, he’d said without it, he might not have come back to Dean. Dean gulped, tears breaking from above his eyelid and streaking down his face.
When Dean caught the plate, it was inches away from smashing against the bottom of the sink. He stared at it for a moment, and then set it aside, slowly, deliberately. “You’re asking me why we’ve never taken drugs?”
“Oh. Metatron did it to me.” Dean frowned. “He was frustrated when I didn’t understand his literary metaphors,” Cas explained further.
Cas reappeared suddenly, and Dean reached out for him, grabbing both of his hands tightly. Just so he couldn’t run away. “My apologies,” Cas said breathlessly. It dimly occurred to Dean that Cas genuinely hadn’t known you weren’t meant to run, and certainly not
Cas stared down at him solemnly. After a moment, he seemed to realize that the moment had stretched on too long and was on the verge of breaking. He bent down and laid Dean on the bed far too gently. Dean gazed up at him as he muddled with the sheets, trying to neaten them up but unsure which way around they went, laying them rumpled over Dean’s body.
He was silent for a moment. Then, his voice cracked like he hadn't used it for months as he tried out, "Cas."
“All right,” Dean agreed. He ordered a fifth of whiskey and half a bottle of tequila – to start them off. The bartender gave him an indulgent yet skeptical look as she handed him two bottles. He watched her meditatively as she bent to get him two glasses. Nice cleavage. Seriously. Nice. And it wasn’t that she wasn’t attractive, just that he was completely distracted and uninterested by the fact that she wasn’t
"I promise, I'm okay. I am going to kick rehab in the ass, and then... I'm marrying my sexy, amazing, wonderful fiance." Gabriel kissed Castiel's wild hair, rubbing his back.
"He's home now," Bobby spoke from the entry to the living room. He watched the dark-haired man closely, smirking at his blue eyes. Hm.
“He’s great at that.” Castiel ate a few more bites before he was full. “Did Sam tell you he wants another pup?”
Emma bit her lip, looking at him as Theo huffed, watching him closely. "They're mean. We ain't even seen them since they left Benny. They hurt us-"
"I love you too, Samshine." He bit his lip, telling himself that Sam was definitely not meaning anything by that thigh squeeze. His phone rang, then, and he sighed. "Answer that, baby? That's Charlie."
"I have a friend who needs more staff as he is opening a new restaurant." Gabriel gave a nonchalant shrug.
"Now we just have to figure out Bobby and Sam." Dean patted Castiel on the back, grinning as his eyes caught on the statue again.
“Oh, sweetheart, that won’t happen.” Castiel was certain of that. He’d already pulled aside- with Gabriel’s help- a large portion of money to ‘buy’ his man with. He wasn’t risking losing the auction.
Castiel yawned and shifted in the chair, his body still very sore. He could hear Sam and Gabe chatting as the group made their way toward the exit.
"Oh shit." Cas turned his back to the equipment. "I just had something I wanted to discuss with you, away from Gabe."
Sam’s leg slipped between Gabe’s as their kiss deepened. His heart was fluttering and his pants were becoming uncomfortably tight.
"That's my good boy. And if you decide that you don't like it, that you don't want anymore, you tell me and we stop right then." Leaning up and kissing Sam, Gabriel let his fingers carefully clean the area in question.
"Why?" That made very little sense to the doctor. Dean tried to care for Sam all of the time growing up.
“I can tell.” Sam caught him in a sweet kiss. As their tongues danced, Sam’s dick took an interest and pressed insistently against Gabe.
"That isn't an explanation, Sammich," Gabriel smirked, then pulled out his phone, bringing up his favorite song. The beat started, and Gave began working his hips.
That made Gabriel smile, and he pulled his hands out of his pockets before he slipped his fingers down beneath the fabric to stroke the cleft of his ass. "Oh... so like this?"
Rocking his hips up so that he could fuck himself on Sam's finger, Gabriel bit his lower lip. The needy sound that escaped him was definitely not his fault. "Just like that, Sam. That feels so good."
She nodded and sent Cas another text. “So king size bedding. Sheets, a good comforter, a light blanket, and pillows.”
Flipping his brother off, Gabriel winked at Sam as they rode out of the barn to Dean's laughter. "I'll hear about that later, but it was so worth it."
Gabriel shot Sam a grin as Garth entered the shop. "Thanks." Thankfully, it didn't take long for him to tell Garth what he needed to know and finish up.
"You don't have to thank me. I love him. He's... everything." Dean stared at her. She was as lovely as Castiel had described, as her picture was...
