He stopped in front of the door, but he had no idea how to proceed with how these doors worked, if he knocked it might not be heard. He looked at the terminal on the wall, then to the lock. There was no keyhole of course, but a fingerprint scanner which meant Steve couldn’t just barge in. He looked around if anybody was watching, but the corridor was empty, so he knocked.
"Maybe we should go back." Sam told the girl.
“Wait, wait did you just make a joke?” Clint smiled playfully, Natasha stepped out of the elevator.
“And that sign was you captain.” Nick watched the captain.
Pepper bid him goodbye, after asking if he was sure he didn’t need company. Right now, he only needed Jarvis as his company and the party sandwich he found which was probably out of date.
“You’re going up in your rooms and you don’t come out till I say so. Got it?” Mrs. Wilson explained to her children.
“Stop that.” Happy tried to keep his voice calm, although in the end he sounded like he was scolding a child for taking too much candy.
“Who knows…” she waved at him and slowly backed away, watching his confused face.
“Or what?” the guy closest to Steve asked.
Tony looked up and grinned when he saw his ‘assistant’, deep down she wished he’d bang his head on the hood for her amusement, but he managed to avoid by a hair’s breadth.
"Okay, so..." but she was cut off.
“Good afternoon, Steve.” Mrs. Wilson opened the door with a smile, reminding him that he rang the bell. Upon seeing Steve’s shocked face she peeked sideways to catch a glimpse of the source of his discomfort, but only saw the tomato plants.
Natasha would have expected Steve to give him a pep talk or something, but he wasn't in the mood, probably questioning his decision, but who would had thought Fury would throw a normal, teen boy into the deep end. He had no training, what if something bad happened? She understood this was just information gathering, but it was still a harsh move.
Fury was waiting for them in the landing zone at the back of the building, it was small because most of the planes took off and landed in the hangar. He stood there with his hands behind his back as he waited for them to approach.
“Some would say…” Steve murmured loud enough to satisfy the twins who got even more enthusiastic about Steve being in their home.
Tony finds out some interesting secrets.
She had asked Maria if she could accompany Steve to his therapy sometimes, but she hadn’t enough clearance for them to let her. She didn’t even have a real driver license, but she wasn’t so bad to be stopped by authorities.
Natasha lead the way through corridors while Carol talked nonchalantly about aliens and whatnot. She doubted her closer had something normal for the flying girl to wear, so she went straight to Agent Dylon who seemed to always help her whenever she could.
"Now!?" Clint looked at the door, but Fury didn't give him an answer so he started sprinting.
“I just missed my best friend so fucking much.” Rhodey leaned closer to Tony, but ended up stealing yet another slice of vital nutrition from Tony’s grasp.
"I'm so sorry!" Clint exclaimed, looking the captain right in his baby blue eyes.
“Who it may concern knows enough. Others? Look it up on the internet, Cap.” Fury leaned back in his chair to get comfortable. “Shield is one of the best alarm system agency in the country, people give us great ratings.” He smiled as he told Steve.
The urge to fumble with something to keep him from over thinking drove him to the elevator buttons. He pushed a button here and there, effectively slowing the already sluggish ascent.
She talked to some professors and their prodigy students, they were either stuck up, tense or nerds. She made a big effort to look like she knew what they were talking about when the conversation trailed from simply small talk.
“It sounds like a nightmare to me.” She commented when he was done with the whole story.
“No, actually I wondered if I could help you with something.” Natasha asked and the woman was sent deep into her thoughts. Her eyes sparkled up when she found something that needed some organizing.
“Okay, well, you know the rules. No cheating.” Steve started talking, but the opponents didn’t look at him.At that moment Natasha would had gave everything to see inside Clint’s head. “Let’s start then.”
Although Clint’s words were dripping with sarcasm, Carol’s eyes glinted with mischief and looked around the perimeter. She caught sight of a empty crate and aimed her fist at it. A strike of a ball of light traveled towards the crate and blasted it into pieces milliseconds later.
to see past his grief, and all it took to change that was a new found family. He can’t really imagine his life
God, he had loved Peggy so much - so much he felt like a part of him died in the hospital with her. He had thought he would never get over her death for so long he never considered the possibility that he didn’t
on his lips. It dies away, though - Tony is closer than he had anticipated, leaning forward into his space as if seeking out his body heat, eyes a little glazed over in the same way Steve knows his own are.
It’s Steve’s turn to go silent, then, and he rubs his thumb against his fingers inside the pockets of his coat. Tony doesn’t press him, doesn’t talk, just keeps walking and lets him think over his answer in silence. Steve kicks at the sand, feeling it give way and scatter out in front of him, scuffing his heels a bit as he walks.
“Tired yet?”
before I ever gave her my company. I had the money, she had the common sense, no one else ever put up with me the way that she did. Not that any of that really matters now, anyway.”
“Ehh,” replies Tony, shrugging. “Pep has her own floor, but she doesn’t use it much anymore. Nat and Clint are probably fucking in the vents again.”
They pass a handful of people on their way down the river - drunken carolers singing Christmas songs off-key despite the fact that it’s hours into the new year, couples stuck so close together Steve could swear they were single figures.
It’s strange, he thinks, how much his life has changed in the span of six years. It feels as though he’s been stuck in limbo since he came out of the ice, running on auto-pilot and never really
Steve hums an affirmative, hangs up the phone, looks at his hands.
Tony laughs, and it sounds like bells and honey in milk and every sip of coffee he ever stole from Peggy’s cup in the 1940’s. “This isn’t the city, you know.”
“I was never any good at directions in the city.”
to be alone.
“I destroyed the suits,” Tony agrees. “I figured - if she saw that I could give it up, and I mean
He could, too - the scent of the workshop fills his senses again and suddenly Tony is so close, swaying forward and letting his soft golden eyelashes brush the curves of his cheeks, and it would be
“Home is wherever JARVIS is, in my book,” he says. His words are measured, careful. “Or,” he amends, “wherever the people I care about are.”
Steve raises an eyebrow and looks pointedly out at the ocean.
He forgets how to breathe.
They walk along the riverbank side-by-side, the fog rolling in over the water and draping the entire street in a sleepy curtain, the streetlamps haloed in soft light where they cut through the haze. It’s silent, past two in the morning, and the cars that roll by stay silent. It’s just cold enough by the riverbank that they’re left alone - the new year’s parties spill out onto the main street instead, blocks away and far enough that the rowdy noise doesn’t reach them.
They’re a pair, aren’t they - Steve too scared to hold on for fear he’ll have to let go, Tony too afraid to let Steve fade out of his life but still too nervous to stay in one place. Somewhere along the way, Steve had found something irreplaceable, and he feels like if he takes one step out of place, the entire illusion will shatter and fall to pieces like splintered glass. He wonders, not for the first time, if he’s irreplaceable to anyone. Him,
The photograph is still there when he opens the box, sitting neatly in its holder. He hasn’t touched it in three years, not since before Peggy died, when he could still hold it up and compare it to the lines on her face. It’s cold to the touch, the metal icy when he pulls it out from the drawer.
Steve goes quiet, mulling over his memories of Pepper and everything he’s learned about her over the two months he’s known her. Something clicks, a lightbulb going off in the back of his head. “Ah. You destroyed the suits?”
“Get them home safe, will you?” Tony calls from the porch, wrapped up in a bright purple throw blanket that somehow manages to offset the beachy paint of the house. Bucky mumbles something incoherent and waves him off, and Steve catches faint traces of Tony’s chuckle from behind him as he closes the door on the three in the car. They’re still laughing as Happy pulls away, heads back towards the city, the tail lights of his car fading into empty black shadows as it turns a street corner.
“Not enough space in the car,” he says. “I’ll catch a cab.”
The clock strikes midnight - it’s January, it’s a new year, and somewhere in the distance Steve is vaguely aware of Clint leaning over to kiss Natasha soundly on the lips, of Bucky clinking his champagne flute against the others’ in a toast, and Tony blinks. His mouth opens in slow motion, tongue darting out to wet the seam of his lips, and Steve realizes with a heady spike of shock that
“Aren’t they?”
so much as it dulls down, the usual bustle reduced to sparse traffic and a handful of drunken carolers singing off-key as they stumble down the street. It’s the kind of Christmas Eve that feels trapped in glass, encased in a thick layer of frost - not quite real, not quite happening, like watching the world go by in slow-motion.
Tony huffs a laugh. “Not really, but I bet I will be in the morning.”
Steve peels off the wrapper slowly, tucking his finger underneath the tape to slit it open instead of tearing the paper like he had done with his other gifts - somehow, it doesn’t seem right to mess it up, not with the lengths Tony had gone to in order to wrap it this nicely. The gift wrapping folds up easily under his fingers, pushed aside to show a hint of glossy paper underneath.
“Not like that,” replies Tony. “And not exactly. I wouldn’t have minded marrying her, really - she got it, anyway. She didn’t care much whether or not we were an item, she was always more of a best friend to me. I couldn’t make her marry me if I couldn’t ever promise to come home.”
“Not if you don’t mean it,” Tony says again, quiet and fragile.
for modern heating as the chill finally seems to seep out of his bones. He sends off a quick message to Natasha and Bucky, a simple
love with her, though.”
It’s not a very
“What?”
On the street below, a car honks, three blasts of the horn in short succession. “Think you can sneak out for a walk?”
“All by yourself?” asks Tony, rocking back on his heels once he’s close enough to speak. “It’s a small world, yeah, but we can’t possibly be that far into your little bubble all the way out here.” He sways, unsteady on his feet - for a single moment he’s in Steve’s space, breathing his air, and Steve’s heart does a strange sort of
Steve breathes out, watching the way his breath curls into smoke as it hits the air. “Why doesn’t it matter now? Why did it matter in the first place?”
“You didn’t go with them,” says Tony after a second, and his voice hits Steve like little pinpricks of heat in the cold, chasing away the winter chill with the lilt in his vowels and the alcohol-laden slur lacing his words. Steve shrugs.
“Come on, let’s go for a walk,” Tony says, tilting his head towards the waterfront. He pulls the blanket tighter around his shoulders like a makeshift shawl, and Steve resists the urge to peel his jacket off and drape it over Tony’s thin frame.
Steve blinks at that, the gears in his head clicking into place one by one - he must have some kind of lost expression on his face, because Tony squints at him a little before bursting into a fresh wave of laughter. His shoulders shake under the cover of the blanket wrapped around them, his cheeks scrunching up as the corners of his lips curve up into a smile. The tip of his nose is red, Steve realizes, flushed with the cold, and it makes the gold flecks in his eyes stand out just a bit more.
It’s been a long time since Steve’s set foot in a playground, and he finds himself laughing inwardly at the way he can forego the monkey bars altogether, reaching up to wrap his arms around the top support beam instead. With a bit of performative grunting and a lot of upper body strength he didn’t always have, he manages to clamber his way up onto the main part of the structure, swinging his legs as he sits on one of the structural beams extending out over the swing set. Tony looks up at him, head tilted backwards and a dopey smile on his face -- Steve is suddenly very glad he’s at the top of the structure, because he’s sure he wouldn’t be able to keep from kissing Tony if he was on the swings beside him.
Natasha had just laughed and said that any friend of Steve’s was a friend of hers, and had folded Bucky into their little patchwork group as quickly as she had done with Steve himself.
Not to her. Hell, the last time I celebrated a real Christmas was when I spent it with her.
Peggy stares back at him from the photograph in his hand, nestled snugly in a bed of wrapping paper and red ribbon. He
“And in the end it didn’t, because-”
“I think the ocean is behind us, actually,” Steve laughs.
“I thought you didn’t love her.”
“I was going to ask her to marry me,” Steve says after a moment, and Tony goes stiff for a heartbeat before relaxing again. “The night I-”
“I think so,” Steve replies, stretching his legs out in front of him. The water laps at the soles of his feet, pinpricks of tingling cold not quite far enough up his skin to do any real damage. “We would talk about it, sometimes - the end of the war, moving out of the city into a little house in a quiet town. I wanted a dog, she wanted two.”
They fall silent after that, letting the conversation drift off until the only sound in the night is the crashing of the waves against the shore. The tide recedes little by little, each new wash of water coming up just shy of the last, until the ocean is far enough out that Steve can stretch his legs out again without fear of getting wet. Tony is warm against his side - if Steve closes his eyes and focuses, he can feel the movements against his arm as Tony breathes, chest rising and falling in time with the crashing waves.
across the empty space of the room, and Steve counts the seconds in the way the city lights filter through the dust in the air, the way it catches on the tips of Tony’s hair and turns them from dark brown to fiery, vibrant gold. His gaze goes from Tony’s hair to his eyes, his sharp cheekbones to his stubble to his lips. There’s something wild and untouchable about Tony like this, with his carefully curated exterior torn down by the spirit of the holidays. He’s so human that it
been a superhero, it wouldn’t have made much of a difference.”
“Why?”
“I know, I know,” Steve says, raising his hands defensively and trying not to show his surprise at Tony’s confession. “Married to your job, right?” He elbows Tony on the last few words, and Tony shoves him good-naturedly.
“Where else?”
Tony had all but jumped at the chance to host the party, not that anyone ever expected him to turn down the offer of booze and music. It’s far, of course, the beach house is hours out of the city -- but Steve had just bundled into a cab with Clint and Natasha and split fare, stopping to pick up Bucky on the way with an apologetic explanation of
“I’m guessing that doesn’t happen often.” Clint muttered, rolling his eyes.
“Then look it up.” Natasha extended her arm for the agent to scan her watch.
"For what?" she asked, her voice low.
“You guys can’t do that right?” Sam murmured somewhere behind Natasha, but still within hearing distance. The four of them followed Fury towards the girl.
Steve forgot his strength for a moment and turned to Clint in a hurry, rubbing his back and apologizing. Clint showed a thumbs up and made a squeaky noise.
“And, how’s the military?” Tony asked after they were done with their dose of teasing.
Steve and Clint left the car and walked closer to Stark Tower, trying not to catch anyone's attention while wearing Shield suits. They were at the edge of the neighboring building when they saw Sam standing hunched over a little with a tall, ginger haired girl in a blue dress.
“Huh… Even Shield agents have lives beyond that… What about the guy?” He asked Jarvis and the results were displayed on the screen in an instant.
She leaned against the counter and kept an eye on the group of business men. She decided to inform the guys about the plan. If they leave the room when the dancing began she'll follow them. She put a finger on her earring.
“I think they’re fine.” Natasha shrugged.
“It’s a shame, Sammy can’t protect himself.” spat another guy.
They almost arrived when Pepper was powdering Tony's face so he looked almost like a porcelain doll. On the plane a really nice lady did Tony's makeup so the dark circles were nowhere to be seen. His hair  was perfectly shaped and no hurricane could mess it up. He had a simple black suit on, he didn't want to make that much of an effort, but went with a red, black polka dot shirt.
“Team, this is Carol.” Fury motioned at the blonde girl about their age. “Carol, this is Natasha, Sam, Steve and Clint.” Fury listed off their names in the order they stood beside him.
“Mr. Fury?” He asked upon picking up the call. Natasha stood up immediately and Steve upped the volume so all of them could hear.
The plane ride wasn't too long with the Stark tech private jet. Tony slept the whole way there, but the others were just glad they had evidence that he actually slept. Tony of course said nothing about the trip to his dad, not that he would actually care, but everybody appreciated a heads up whenever Tony showed up.
"Here are the rules: One, you don't get in my way. Two, you do as I say. And three, no excessive talking on missions." She turned her gaze towards him to see if he'd understood.
"That's nice." She didn't touch on the subject more, just scratched her arm awkwardly.
When Steve knocked on the door, Maria Hill opened the door. Coulson was to Fury’s left and while all of them entered Fury slowly stood up from his chair.
“Good job.” Steve caught his own breath.
“Why? You didn’t even let me finish.” Maria was taken aback by the immediate denial of her candidate.
“Oh, yes he is.” She shook her head. “You’d get along well.” She added, sighing.
"Got it." Sam immediately answered in pure horror.
"It's a great cause." He explained, then spread his hands. "I am the brightest kid for the future after all."
“She has a point.” Rhodey pointed out after collecting the last piece of pizza from the abandoned box.
"I understand." Natasha nodded with her hands behind her back. The captain started to stir in his sleep which was Natasha's queue to step inside. She took a big breath, setting her smile in place before opening the door to the time capsule of a room and the oldest thing in there was the guy waking from a century of slumber.
As Steve got ready to make his further arguments Nick Fury stopped in front of Sam.
“Just one moment, sir.” Jarvis answered and ran some codes which Tony programmed so Jarvis can roam freely in Stark Tower if it ever came down to it and now that it had Jarvis pulled up the videos with ease.
“Okay, so let’s go running!” Clint jumped up enthusiastically. “Tomorrow though! Dinner was magnificent.” Clint said while he rubbed his stomach, cherishing every memory of the roasted chicken.
“Romanoff!!!” Clint jogged after her. He panted when he caught up. “Geez, you’re hard to find.” He complained.
"Aren't you a little young to be working for the military?" he asked looking her up and down, while taking in his surroundings as well. Natasha's fake smile didn't falter, he was one to speak, as far as she was concerned the captain was taken into Project Rebirth before he hit eighteen.
The captain stood up from his bed and stepped closer to Natasha. "Where am I really?" he asked suspicion clearly on his mind.
They had already informed her briefly about the situation with the frozen super soldier. It was kind of unbelievable to hear the story, how they'd found him still alive in that plane he went on his supposed last mission.
The playground was empty and this part the of city was still sleeping. One or two people jogging or walking their dogs. A few cars passing by as they parked at the end of the park.
“Have you seen some cute girls nowadays?” She asked with a cup of tea in her hands. “Or boys?” she added quickly.
“There it is…” Clint told himself and nodded.
“Why do you want to sober up? Why don’t you sleep instead?” She asked, then shook her head to forget that thought. “Why are you drunk in the first place?”
She exchanged a few words with him about the friendlier part of Stark Industries. When she picked up on his micro expressions getting bored she excused herself. The billionaire headed for the group in the corner. What was the point of this event if all the big guys only talked to each other, she wondered.
Grabbing Clint’s lower hand, evading whatever he wanted to accomplish, Natasha lowered her body and with a sweep of her leg tripped him over. Clint fell to the ground, a groan escaping him the moment he connected with the floor.
"Natalie Rushman. I'm here from Evergreen High." She told him like he cared, he probably didn't even know who the foundation invited.
She peaked at her target and saw that they decided to move through the crowd, slowly making their way to the entrance.
"Natasha!" he let out a relieved sigh. Tony stopped by him with her.
"It slipped my mind." Tony blabbered immediately before Howard could continue his fatherly speech which he was not qualified to do.
“Dude, look at this!” he looked for one he had put away already and handed it to Natasha. “Some of these are worse than my handwriting! And that says something.”
"Wow, you're good, Agent." Tony slow clapped.
“Actually, I’m starving!” he exclaimed like he just remembered that basic human need existed and turned to the screens on the desk, he was so excited like he just got another brilliant idea for one of his inventions.
"Well, Fury has other plans." Clint spoke up after a moment of shock. He hurried up on the craft after Natasha. She looked back at him from the front of the plane.
“You’re right! I’ll shut up!” he put his hands up in defense and made a motion of zipping his mouth.
“You’re the captain.” She didn’t look back.
“Really?” Steve asked, a smile escaping his lips. “Well, then I’m sure you won’t mind another round?” Clint shrugged, though regret started to seep onto his face.
Tony watched the guests leave, leaning against the reception desk and playing with a pen in-between his fingers.
Pepper asked about using the kitchen after turning Tony down when he offered to get her a pizza as well. The kitchen hadn’t been used since Tony moved here from the Stark mansion in about half a decade. He had no idea if there was any food in the fridge or cupboards for her to make something ‘healthy’ as she said. Or did she bring groceries to make something? That would had meant she wanted to make Tony something healthy and he didn’t want to feel guilty so he ignored the thought.
“It’s been a crazy night and I want to do this… thing now.” He trailed off, accepting the pill from Pepper who kept her disapproving stare aimed at him.
“Anytime.” Steve nodded and patted Sam’s arm. “I hate bullies.” He added to reassure him.
“Well, you don’t.” he answered immediately without hesitation.
She glanced at her bed, she wasn't going to sleep well tonight. She started making plans what else she could do instead, like hit the gym or something, but the paper left on the bed caught her eye. She looked up at the door, Clint left his letter here, well technically, it was her letter.
The girl floated few feet from the ground in front of them, she was covered in the sparkly light. Fury started walking closer and the girl slowly proceeded towards the landing pad until her feet touched solid ground.
"Take off, in one..." Natasha started talking on the coms. "Two.." she flicked a switch. "Three." She started the engines and started to take off. The order came one millisecond too short, when the red lights started blaring.
“Yeah, I’m just—“ he stopped, before he said he was kind of forbidden to meet people. “Aren’t you supposed to be in school?” he asked, to change the subject.
that it makes Steve ache with some vivid feeling that he can’t give a name to.
The high of the party is beginning to wear off, he can feel it - his head doesn’t hurt the way Tony’s will, hasn’t since he went into Erskine’s machine, and all that he can feel is the chill of the air and the burning warmth blossoming against his side every time he comes close to Tony.
It’s cold when Steve sits - he’s not used to the ocean in winter, when the air is icy and the water threatens frostbite or pneumonia to anyone brave or foolish enough to swim in it, and he can feel the chill against his legs even through his layers of clothing. Tony doesn’t seem to mind it, though, just lifts up one side of his blanket and reaches over to drape it around Steve’s shoulders.
He trails off, unable to force the words past the lump in his throat, but he knows Tony understands.
It seems so easy to kiss him, under the quiet hush of the waves against the shore and the cover of the twinkling stars - all he would have to do is lean over, close his eyes. It’s simple, so simple he hardly questions the fact that he
“Did you forget?”
“I thought I was going to marry Pepper, once,” he says, leaning back on his hands. Steve looks over at him, quirks an eyebrow.
It’s been a long day, a fun but tiring one, and Steve blames exhaustion for his inability to push away the dull ache in his chest at the reminder. “You think so?” he asks, looking away from Tony and back out along the Long Island coastline. Tony hums, a soft sound that barely reaches Steve’s ears over the cadence of the waves against the sand.
“Go ahead, I’m just being a downer.”
The moment passes, Tony rocks back on his heels again.
five years, actually. You don’t think all the suit upgrades are for the hell of it, do you?.”
not the man in red, white, and blue.
to get over it.
Steve feels like he’s in a bubble, like there’s an invisible barrier keeping the rest of the world away from him and Tony - it’s oddly reminiscent of Christmas eve, of the way they had walked together like this only the week before, with the water at his side and his hands itching to reach out and touch Tony’s skin. So much has happened since then, so much has changed - Steve
“I’d have to give up the suit to marry her, wouldn’t I? And anyway, she runs the company, she doesn’t need me around to give her premature gray hairs on top of it.”
His phone is silent, but when he wakes up in the morning, a text from Tony sits neatly at the top of his screen.
There’s a click and an inhale, and the scent of cloves wafts through the icy night air. Steve looks up, first at Tony’s hand tucking the lighter back into his pocket and then at the cigarette between his full lips. “I didn’t know you smoked,” says Steve, eyebrow raised.
“Five years now, then,” Steve hums, tilting his head to look up at the stars scattered across the velvet sky. “It’s been good to have you on the team, even if it means losing that.”
Steve blinks. “I don’t get it.”
in his chest as he catches the faint trails of grease and cologne in the air when Tony pulls back. He busies himself instead with refilling Tony’s glass, focusing on pouring straight and slow, not letting the champagne spill over the side.
There’s silence for a beat, the breaking of the waves cutting through the space in the dropped conversation. Tony pulls another drag from his cigarette, blows the clove-scented smoke out in a cloud, drops the half-finished stub to the sand below. “You’re not forgetting about her, you know,” he says, so quietly that Steve nearly misses it between the crash of one wave and the next.
“I do
“Yeah, well,” he says, a chuckle in his voice. “Dad had a whole box of old wartime stuff tucked up in the attic. I figured I might as well get some use out of it.”
Somehow, the press of Tony’s arm against his own is warmer than the blanket around him.
“Since never,” is Tony’s reply. “I’ll meet you at the river?’
Steve reaches up, touches his lips with two fingertips.
When the door creaks, he doesn’t look up, but he knows by the footfalls that it’s Tony.
“Moving on and forgetting aren’t the same thing.”
Steve huffs a laugh and turns back to the railing. “You never look cool.”
“Yeah,” says Tony, voice thick and weighed down with sweet alcohol. Something impossibly tender flashes across his face, softens his brown eyes and smoothes down the tension in his shoulders - it’s gone as soon as it comes, and Steve wants to chase it with his hands and his lips. “Yeah, I know you.”
“Agent Romanoff, good to see you.” The dark haired woman smiled under her glasses.
"Yeah, we should..." he whispered, starting to back away. "But you know you seemed busy with that lock, I should probably leave you alone." he shrugged and Natasha was glad that he will just leave without trouble.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You skipped dinner.” Clint yelled, startling Steve who punched with such force the punching bag went flying.
"Oh, don't worry." he smiled shyly, he took a sip of his tea. "Nice shot."
“New York City.”
“Whaat? Naah it was awesome.” He giggled. “You had a dream?” he asked enthusiastically. Natasha breathed in heavily and turned her gaze away from Clint.
She could almost imagine her long hair, which could had hidden the bird like logo. She remembered cutting it off, watching the strands fall, like getting rid of thousands of problems. She sighed, she expected the mirror to break, because of her ungrateful thoughts. Her face hardened the moment she remembered that's the exact way she shouldn't had ever thought. Her nails almost cut through her skin on her palm, holding back from punching the mirror, from hating herself.
“Okay, that’s enough for today.” Steve stated and walked up to the boxing ring to flash a smile a proud smile at Sam. “Nice job!” he clapped a hand on his shoulder as he got closer and left the ring.
"He's going to wake up anytime now." Maria told her.
“Great, then it’s a go!” Tony cheered, his puppy brown eyes glinting in delight.
“Captain, you’re too valuable, we want to keep you safe.” Fury explained sincerely, but Steve didn’t let his guard down.
“I don’t want to know.” They agreed in sync, speaking up at the same time.
"Sam, I need you to make a distraction at the entrance. Long enough so the elevator leaves this floor." She spoke through her earpiece.
“If you expect me to do something…” she warned without looking up from the cutting board which had vegetables on it that probably popped out from another dimension. Tony got the memo without the sentence even being finished and was about to push himself up when the door open, which made Tony trying to peak at the door in confusion.
“Back at the camp I’d go running.” He answered. “But that machine is not the same.” He pointed at the treadmill.
She stood at the end of the bed and waited until the captain was fully self aware. "Mr. Rogers, it's good to see you’re awake, we were beginning to worry." she said her practiced lines.
(I'm planning on finishing this fic, it's just senior year isn't fun and stuff, but I'm trying)
She studied both of their faces for a moment then turned to the building’s reception.
Balancing the tray in her lap she noticed that there was something wrong. She accidently got more than one chocolate cake. She almost got up to call whoever picked the trays up to tell them there was a mix up, when she noticed a piece of paper folded under one of the cakes.
“Director Fury, tell me something. What do people know of Shield? What is this huge building at the edge of New York?” Steve inquired, tilting his head to the side and narrowing his eyes.
“When you said we’ll go out I really thought you’ll convince Fury, not sneaking out.” Steve nodded at a passing agent nervously.
“Mr. Fury.” He took a breath before continuing. “War is something I know. You can always count on me to fight, I’ll happily be your soldier, but I need time to…” he looked around the office. “To adjust.”
“You told me you want me to lead a group of young individuals with great skills.” Fury was not backing down from the stare off and Steve’s stubborn ass would stand behind his decision till the end of the world.
“Yes, probably.” Natasha agreed, walking closer with a hunch to where Clint’s train of thought was heading.
“This action benefits the team and makes your work easier, because I can continue to work with Mrs. Wilson.” Steve explained to Fury and the man slowly paced around his desk. Steve was ready for confrontation, just like Natasha had said, he was too important for Shield.
“I don’t know.” She shrugged. “I’ll help you.”
“See, you already proved me wrong.” She said and started reading it. Clint tried his hardest to work like a printer and on top of all he was left handed. There were words crossed out and doodles on the sides.
"If that's how you treat her, you don't deserve her!" He hugged the paper close and tried to look as offended as he could.
“Oh, yes, thank you. I’m a princess.” Clint put his hands up to his face.
For some reason the traffic jams today were especially bad, Steve made eye contact with a little boy, who was being dragged by his mother, Steve smiled and waved at him. The boy waved back and ducked shyly and cooperated with his mother, walking happily away. Steve giggled and thought about himself, being dragged away to yet another doctors’ appointment.
Natasha was not briefed about the captain asking these questions. She heard Fury on the com hidden in her earring, but she didn't want to alter her attention, afraid Rogers would pick up on it. "Captain, you shouldn't--"
"Should have expected Stark Tower having all kinds of security measures." Natasha bit her lip, she stared out of the car at the dark streets.
The call from Steve’s phone interrupted the chat. He fumbled with it a little first, still not the most used to technology before he answered the call.
"Hello, there." A boy about her age leaned next to her waiting for his drink.
“Good luck doing paperwork with that hand.” She pointed at the boxes still waiting for sorting.
“Samuel!” Mrs. Wilson stepped in through the front door with a few bags. “You said you were sick! Why aren’t you in bed?!” she shouted at her son while pointing at the staircase. Sam turned towards her, panicking, no matter the year an angry mother was always the scariest part of the world.
Clint smiled under his nose awkwardly, the easy going expression gone. "I'd say that's not possible for me now." He huffed a laughter and looked her in the eye. "Why aren't you in school?" he asked. "Why are you here?" Putting the emphasis on the 'you' both times. Natasha didn't even flinch at the accusatory voice.
"Aren't you a little young for that?" she asked, while the bartender looked terrified of her question.
“There!” He pointed at the screen. “Stop there. Who’s the girl?” he asked and Jarvis zoomed on her utterly focused face. On the other side the guy with her looked terrified, his eyes were wide and filled with worry.
"Nice to meet you, Natalie. What can I help you with?" He played nice with all the guests.
She had to have breakfast in utter silence with the other girls, then it was time for practise, for torture. You could call it sad, but she didn't know what else to do, so she still did the same. After taking a shower, then she dressed in her uniform. After a year the Shield logo, still sat weird on her shoulder. She stared at her reflection up and down.
"I don't know what you're talking about..." she shook her head slightly.
“Why did it need cleaning?” Pepper frowned, too many ideas running through her head and most of them were not safe for work. They stared at each other for a while, Tony’s mug frozen inches from his lips.
He didn’t get any response, so he stepped back with his hands behind his back, patiently waiting. Then he heard footsteps, he turned his head, the director of Shield was smirking.
“Good work, Sam. There are people who’d be jealous of your endurance.” She stated and Sam looked flustered by the compliment.
"What does a business man doing at a science fair?" Natasha asked, she was probably the only who had any idea about the mission. Fury smirked at the nickname.
“Mom, why didn’t you tell me we had a prince in our living room!” the little girl smiled the brightest Steve had ever seen. Mrs. Wilson sighed wearily, this could only happen to her.
They had a fancy bar in the middle which was probably rigged with a security system that gave the bartender everybody's age as they walked up to it. Tony probably had to use his authority to get anything. The room had smaller tables scattered all around with every type of food. There were also some science projects displayed at the side of the room, but that was nowhere near as exciting as the bar.
“Next weekend.” Tony looked at his information on his tablet.
Clint made a sad face, pouting heavily then he groaned looking at the boxes. He wiped off his hand on his pants while keeping eye contact with Natasha.
“And… I don’t do fancy gatherings. What would I wear?” Pepper argued.
“You kids are the future, no matter what.” They all looked a bit offended at the title, but he continued carelessly. “I just thought you could be something more.” He nodded meaningfully at them. “I’ve been waiting for a sign to show me I’m not delusional about this initiative.”
Uncomfortable silence settled over them, while he was riding up in a steel box, without any escape, to face his inevitable doom, now that made Tony on edge. He wasn’t scared of his dad, he was way beyond that and most of the time his nerve system obeyed his brain. Unfortunately, today the whole thing wasn’t syncing up.
"We're watching Finding Nemo tonight with the captain." He stood up and started backing out of the room slowly. Natasha looked at him, he was grinning with so much enthusiasm, like nothing happened. "If you want to join, just hit up Steve's room, it's a lot bigger than our little capsules." he gestured to the room. "Good night, Nat." Clint waved.
"Barton..." She called his name more sternly.
"Yes." She nodded and ran to her room, like everybody else. No one went out, nor did anybody came in.
Natasha smiled while he reenacted the gummy worm attack.  The irony of them walking among secret agents and Clint acting like a child always got to her, it was something she had never experienced.
"We wanted to ease you into the 21st century." Fury added, while Steve kept looking around at the cars, the high tech weapons and the skyscrapers in the distance. "You gonna be okay?"
"Fuck, is that the same guy?" Clint asked and from the rustling, she supposed him and Steve were ready to sneak in somehow.
Natasha stood up hesitantly, it was her room, she couldn't run and hide anywhere private. The small bathroom attached maybe, but that would be too obvious.
“It’s better than I thought.” She teased him.
“In the mood for what?” Steve asked over his shoulder.
"Holy cow you're Tony Stark!" Sam's jaw dropped.
"Aye, aye, captain." Clint saluted and sat down next to her his blood pumped with adrenalin. They both strapped themselves in and got mentally ready.
"Hmm..." Natasha played it off, making Clint's stress levels rise. She noticed the captain getting closer to them. "You're on your own." she mouthed when Steve sat down next to Clint.
“Until I have to leave, but whatever Nick wants, I’m sure it’s important, so I’m happy to be here.” Carol stood up and they walked back outside where the boys still stood around while Fury was nowhere to be seen.
"This is my mission too!" he exclaimed.
They settled in the living room, Tony sprawled across the couch, reading on his tablet while the TV played in the background. The technology Pepper faced from time to time was at first shocking, because most of Tony’s gadgets hadn’t hit the market, now when she saw a new Stark tech Pepper just pondered how far humanity had come. But of course a tablet seemed minuscule to Jarvis, the first AI technology hidden in Tony Stark’s house which scientists had been trying to achieve for a while now.
With just a gray bathrobe on and his hair sticking up in several directions he headed down to the living room. He tried to sneak around as much as possible, but was met with a “Tony?” soon enough.
The family home was endearing and just like Mrs. Wilson had hoped, it really lifted Steve’s spirit. Steve walked up the porch, Maria waiting in the car, observing the perimeter until he entered the house. Steve thought it unnecessary, if nobody actually knew he was actually alive but the director’s decision wasn’t to be questioned.
Almost a week passed by and the days blended together, Natasha felt like she'd been stuck in her room for ages now. She looked at her clock, it was around 8 am, so breakfast should be here shortly. She got excited for the letters, she noticed, it was like having an actual friend.
She folded it out and was met with perfectly shaped handwriting. 'Hey, it's been a while. The lady says you're locked up as well. She also said you're still not eating all your food. So, have this shitty cake at least. - Clint'
Natasha relaxed her muscles and watched him turn on and off several lights or start the air-conditioning in the plane after she sighed. "Barton..." she spoke up.
“Okay, let’s see what the Shield records have to say about this.” Tony took a sip of his drink, while Jarvis run the programs to break into Shield servers.
“Steve, I’m just a psychologist. These agents probably already know, for all I know.” She shrugged.
Mrs. Wilson massaged her forehead, sighing. “Oh my… Oh my…” she muttered. She looked up, exasperated.
“Yes, sir.” Natasha nodded.
Clint flicked the pen and it hit Steve's intertwined hands. Steve looked up at him with a raised eyebrow. Clint smiled, then groaned while leaning back in his chair.
“Hi, I’m new as well, captain.” Clint waved.
Rhodey was the last one to exit the car with an eyeroll. There were only a few paparazzi at this event, but they got lucky cause Tony happened to attend. He was giving them his charming side, while the other two stood back and waited.
“Steve is one of my patients, you see, so I’d like if you didn’t disturb us.” Mrs. Wilson explained to her kids and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Tony turned his back to Steve, squeezing his eyes shut, gathering himself. He took a shaky breath. “You say that, but the team is— phenomenal, and I’m a horrible leader. You’d all be just fine without me. You
“Ah.” Tony took a sip of his coffee. “And why are you here? Last I heard you were supposed to be resting since you, you know,
When Tony didn’t say anything, Steve continued, “I can’t pretend to understand why you do your darndest to get me to hate you. But I won’t ever hate you. I can’t.”
Steve watched him with searching eyes for a long minute. When Tony closed his eyes, ashamed of his outburst, Steve finally said quietly, “you never told me you were beaten.”
and—”
Tony twitched in his seat, antsy all of a sudden. “Sure.”
Tony exhaled noisily, only barely keeping the emotions boiling inside him from stripping him raw right here, in front of Steve, his best friend, with whom he couldn’t trust much more than a shallow caricature of who he thought he ought to be, it seemed.
Sam Wilson had his headphones on and was jogging from their street. The park wasn’t the closest so he must had been running for a while now.
"For?" Steve spoke up awkwardly after a few seconds.
“I—“ But Steve’s voice failed him.
“Shouldn’t be too long now…” He said aloud checking the time on his watch.
“You’re dismissed for now agents.” Fury told them.
The only information coming up was from ages ago, the information Tony already knew by heart from his Captain America obsessed childhood and his grandfather’s and Peggy’s tales.
"Only the 32, 33, 34 at the right side." he answered. "They are labs and working places. Nobody was there tonight." he added.
She also questioned why she thought applying to Stark Industries for an internship was a good idea, she guessed it would be educational or good work experience. Well, she did not know she’d be babysitting the boss’ 18 year old son who already had more diplomas than her.
She looked up to consider him. He was looking at her, his hands still covering half of his face as he strained the skin. “I don’t know what to write about, so I wrote a tale. It’s about a dog and its friends.”
“That’s right Tony!” Rhodey pretended to be shocked. “How dare you, you’re underage!”
“Oh, well. I always ask just in case. We’re all different.” She informed him carelessly.
It kicked in immediately and Natasha leaned into the booth to make the agent look like he was just sleeping on the job. The building was heavily equipped with surveillance cameras, but when they notice the agent is sleeping from special reasons, they’ll be long gone.
"Nat, the dude's leaving!" Sam panicked through her earpiece.
“Jarvis get me a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese from the place that can get it to me the fastest.” He explained and reached for his coffee cup, but was disappointed to find it empty. He hurried past Pepper to the coffee machine and mini fridge. He poured the liquids into the machine after checking if it was empty and asked Jarvis to make his order. Fascinating how Tony Stark was even too lazy to push some buttons.
“Do you want to hear about my dream or not?” she asked.
"All agents, code 13." she said while running. "Mr. Fury, I need back up." she told Nick.
In hushed voice she checked on Sam from time to time through her earring earpiece. Steve and Clint checked in as well, she was glad she got to come in here, she didn't know if sitting in a car in an alleyway could be any fun. She imagined it to be a lot of awkward silence even with Clint.
"Really...?" Tony muttered to himself. Pepper and Rhodey wrote their names on and clipped it onto their clothes.
Natasha didn’t know how to react to that at first. “Occasionally.” She muttered at last. She didn’t hear or see anything to really laugh about in her everyday life. Clint was probably the sole exception.
“What the fuck are you made of, dude?” Sam croaked in between panting and Steve giggled under his breath.
“I can run the search again if you’d like?”
“Wow, dude, you okay?” Sam brought him back to his senses and immediately felt the tears rolling down his cheeks. Steve slowly looked up at the teen next to him. His brown eyes were filled with worry while he assessed Steve.
“Just the two of us?” Sam asked weakly.
Howard took a big breath, slightly shaking his head and taking a swing from his glass. "There are multiple rooms upstairs, I'm sure you can find one." His father calmed down, his eyes glinting in a different way.
When their hour was up Maria called Mrs. Wilson, because Steve wasn’t allowed a phone and told her she had some work to do, before she could pick Steve up. He didn’t get why Shield refused to give him a phone, it’s not like he knew how half of these things worked. Clint looked happy watching dog videos on his, he showed Steve them at lunch sometimes, he could do that too. But it was too easily traceable even with all of Shield’s firewalls somebody could get through.
“Don’t people call you?” Steve asked, confusion kicking in.
Natasha sat down on one of the boxes and started reading a document from another one. Clint groaned and dropped to the ground starting to look through one of the boxes.
Pepper looked at Rhodey with hesitation. “And you’re just going along with all this?”
She was standing at the side with Steve watching Sam now actually fighting with Clint who was happy he could finally punch back. Natasha had to admit she undermined Clint’s ability to fight, though he faced Sam who was new to all this.
“How high of a clearance do you have again?” Steve asked on the way in a low whisper.
“Oh, come on! Compared to other spoiled rich brats I have a small amount of questionable photos on the internet.” He argued and Pepper just rolled his eyes. Rhodey stalked back to the couch and sat down, when Tony drew back his legs. “Fine! I can live without a beer, mom!” he slumped back into the couch and continued to munch on his pizza.
“Can’t I just come by whenever?” she asked. “It’s not like you’re busy.”
“You didn’t say you were coming over.” Tony inquired in between bites.
“Of course. You’re well respected, Steve. And the Wilson family has been related to Shield activities for a while now.” Natasha answered.
“Okay then tell me about one.” He looked excited, his blue eyes sparkling.
"Do you know which floors were damaged?" she asked.
He was done with four rounds passing by Natasha and a very exhausted Clint once or twice when he noticed a familiar face at the sidewalk.
"Happy!!" his eyes sparkled.
One of the guards rushed to help him and a professor hurried to him as well. The other guard seemed occupied with the sick boy as well. This was her only chance, the guards won't care about a sick boy for too long. So she made her way up with the lift.
Steve stopped running when Sam gave up and stopped right by him.
“So, what do you do to blow off some steam?” Clint asked. Steve straightened and took a big breath. Clint thought he’d just walk away, but appreciated when he actually tried.
Pepper took his arm with a smile. "Shall we?"
"And who is she?" he asked.
“And Agent Barton isn’t a classy party kind of guy.”
“If you told me I’ll be babysitting Captain fucking America a month ago, I’d told you you’re crazy.” Clint enthused.
Next day Natasha and Clint accompanied Steve to the Wilsons’ on Sam’s request. Natasha stood in the middle of the cozy living room feeling out of place and there were other feelings circulating in her body that she couldn’t identify.
“You heard him give it back.” Steve intervened, Sam was a Wilson kid, well mannered, and he didn’t want him to fight.
"It's the main event of the Stark Youth Foundation. It's a kind of a meet up event for talented kids." Fury explained. "So it is strange to see his name on the guest list. We got the impression he might be involved with resources and he's there to meet potential partners rather than play nice with some overrated teenagers."
“We’re stuck here for who knows how long, I might as well teach you how to write like a normal person.” She explained, for some reason she couldn’t get bored with Clint around.
“And I think she’d fit right in with the team.” Maria smiled reassuringly.
"Well, I kinda shot him, I don't wanna get off on the wrong foot." Clint explained.
Natasha felt like after Carol it’s going to be hard to top the standards, if they had any, of the this team of whatever.
“Welcome to the team.” Steve smiled and they let go.
"Where am I?" He asked impatiently.
"Come on, let's go. How do you close this thing..." He told the last part more to himself.
Their sessions were brief, nothing too special, just for Steve to talk about his experience and get comfortable with his situation. He had to arrive and leave without meeting anybody, no contact with strangers. He wasn’t one to question authority, so he enjoyed his restrictions in his own way, happy for the little things.
Captain America looked torn between past and future, between right and wrong. He had a pained expression, but he didn’t look weak, he looked Fury in the eye with all of his pride.
“The rest will wait outside and will act as backup.” Fury answered. “I think you understand the captain does not have an average appearance to just blend in.”
"Your father wants you up in the penthouse asap." Happy informed him, Tony's face faltered and he rolled his eyes.
"Let him have it. It at least takes of his mind off that I have high heels on tonight." Pepper nudged him and they snickered.
"It's never too early--" she was cut by the captain.
"Where am I?" he asked impatiently and moved to get off the bed.
"Yeah." Clint gave in. "She was warm and fluffy."
“Listen, Steve. I haven’t been here longer than you, so I really shouldn’t be the one giving you advice on the matter,” he looked at Natasha, just to make sure she knew he was absolutely referring to her. “But! Fury is Fury. Shield is Shield. We do our best to ignore that!” He said while he was imagining himself as a philosopher pulling off the greatest show. At least he believed he said something relatively good advice, if Steve didn’t.
"Dude, how can you not recognize Tony Stark!" he asked, clearly amused by the situation.
"I didn't know hotties like you came to these events." he flirted casually, his smirk confidently sitting on his face.
“I had no say in the matter.” Steve stayed calm under the super-secret agent’s searching gaze.
Natasha's face softened and she smiled, her mouth barely quirking, but it was there. "You really liked the dog, huh?" she motioned with her head to the letter.
Pepper Potts always got asked about the infamous Tony Stark, ever since she had started working for him, her university friends, her family and if somehow the information got to strangers asked the question as well “What is he really like?” or “How do you bear with him?”.
“So I took the liberty of recruiting our newest member.” Natasha stepped aside, so Fury could look at Sam, he didn’t. “Sam Wilson is someone with determination and the kind of people I’d want to work with.” Steve reasoned.
She walked to the canteen, said nothing to nobody, the only noise following her in the lonely corridors was the tapping of her shoes. She sat down alone to eat or she would had done that a week ago.
"Tony? I didn't know you're attending." Happy looked somewhat suspicious, but he had first hand experience with Tony's shenanigans, so he didn't blame him.
“You got the job.” Clint nodded, amazed at the power.
“You should write me a letter.” Natasha suggested and Clint snorted.
"Well, that's great, but I'm going with you." he smiled proudly.
“Dr. Michael Anderson?” she asked.
Steve stood up to try to calm him down. “Sam.”
"We should have come dressed up for the event so we could go in." Steve worried and bit his lip.
She just smiled to herself, she couldn’t sum up Tony Stark in a few mere words.  He was different with everybody he met, he had been flirty with Pepper in the beginning, when she didn’t quit he stopped. To her the real Tony Stark was still a mystery, he was one of those people who couldn’t be figured out. But she did get to know a side of this mess of a person no one knew.
Sweat was covering every inch of his body and Steve felt his muscles aching. He wasn’t paying attention to the exercises he was doing, he just thought about the Wilson family. He got angrier by the minute and there was no Mrs. Wilson to listen to him next week.
"I can get you a drink, if you'd like?" he offered, but she turned it down with a shake of her head.
He sat on the bed hitting the wall with the back of his head, trying to hack into the deep firewall of Shield. He occasionally stared at the old picture of Captain America to keep him going.
“I don’t know, I might’ve had a nap a few hours ago.” He rambled and shrugged it off. “But I had a shower!”
"Yeah, yeah. I'm fine don't worry." he waved at her.
Fury simply shrugged. “The hell I know. Nobody gets a motherfucking reply that’s for sure.” Fury shook his head, dismissing the topic and getting back to what actually mattered. “Let me do my job, captain, if I have further instructions for you I’ll call for you. Now get back to your day, okay?” Fury made it clear, that there was no place for negotiations.
The bell rang again and this time it was Agent Coulson with an awkward, but polite smile. Steve said goodbye to the Wilson family and let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding when he closed the car door.
"Mr. Stark." Happy approached him. Tony swirled around with a charming smile plastered on his face with that underlying mischief that always emitted from a pleased Tony Stark.
“You’ve been looking for me?” she asked feeling a little queasy.
“J-jarvis… That’s.. That’s impossible.” Tony stuttered out, climbing onto the bed while looking at the screen. The name read Steve Rogers and next to that was one word that Tony believed to be true: Deceased, 1945.
Fury walked with the captain and Natasha hung back and followed them behind, sneakily looking for her shoes on the way, but no luck she had no idea where she tossed them. Clint jogged up beside her.
She knew the layout of Stark Tower and based on it Stark and his friends should be heading to the 86th floor. When she put the number in the voice said she needed a high level pass to gain access for the floors above 80.
He looked at the sun creeping into view slowly bringing life onto New York. His father should still be sleeping. He remembered the safe room in his father’s office he wasn’t allowed in, but knew what kind of stuff was hidden behind an iron door.
"This is going to be a while." Rhodey sighed.
"Huh." she placed her hand on his and stepped closer. He put his other hand gently on her waist, he didn't hug her close, but their foreheads almost touched as they moved along to the music. Tony was humming softly with the music.
Fury was looking at the sparsely clouded blue sky, Natasha looked up, but she could see nothing other than funnily shaped clouds. What kind of plane were they waiting for? Who was on that plane Fury wanted them to meet?
They all had a starry title in a big font which read ‘Captain America’. Steve smiled recognizing the hideous suit and the oh-so-familiar shield. He could still feel the weight of it on his arm, the smooth touch of metal under his fingers. He had been so excited to hold it for the first time when Howard Stark handed it to him.
She caught up with Captain America as he was surrounded by cars, blocking his way to the city. "Calm down, soldier." Nick Fury stood in front of him.
She tried to cover up her action by massaging her ear. "Hi." she smiled. She reminded herself to apologize to the guys for having to listen to a nerd talk.
“And I’m Greg!” the boy ran to him, lightly pushing his sister aside.
“We’ll do our best.” Natasha nodded and ignored the weak ‘we?’ question from behind her.
Tony left his father looking out the window, snatching the bottle left on the counter top on his way to the stairs at the back, he didn't want to wait on the elevator and just awkwardly stand there. He made his dramatic exit to the top floor to find a guest room he could call his own.
“How are we sneaking past this guy?” Steve asked nervously, but a hint of excitement in those blue eyes.
Steve looked around the room as they sat in comfortable silence, only the television made some background noise. He was a bit on edge, his leg probably giving that away as well, but Mrs. Wilson’s son was the least of his worries, he knew.
For some reason she felt like she should apologize to Clint the next day.
Tony waited for Jarvis to find the fourth, unregistered agent, but the results weren’t exactly what he expected. The glass was half way to his lips when the shocking profile came up. The glass shattered on the floor while the liquid spilled everywhere.
“And there’s something even more important!” Sam’s smile turned sheepish. “So as a little special team… we need a name!”
“Are you a hero as well?” Greg inquired with a lot of sudden interest. “Mom always tells us she interviews heroes!” he explained, looking Steve in his eyes.
"Dude! How can you eat that!" Clint spoke to her for the first time in days, he talked, yes, but never addressed her like that. He stole her food whenever she finished eating without a word, only  a look and when she didn't do anything to stop him, he ate the rest of her portion too. But now he actually addressed her. "That's the most disgusting thing I've ever had!" he explained, she just tilted her head and chewed her bite of cake.
, you ass. Even if I
“Peggy,” Tony clarifies. Steve’s heart does a painful little squeeze in his chest. “You’re not forgetting about her.”
“Had to get out here for a little bit, clear my head.” Steve pats the ground next to him, fingers tapping against the wood of the deck. “Needed a bit of solitude, I think.”
Tony turns when he leans in, nose-to-nose and breathing the same air, close enough that Steve can feel the puff of warm air against his cheek when Tony exhales.
The countdown begins behind them, Bucky’s deep tenor and Pepper’s cheerful voice ringing
If he’s irreplaceable to
Tony smiles, and it looks small, sad. “Things are different, you know, for our kind of people-” He breaks off, and Steve barks out a laugh, prompting Tony to swat playfully at his shoulder. “I’m
Steve finds, when he leans in, that he really, truly
“Fair enough,” Tony says, and Steve can hear the smile in his voice.
He pulls his phone out of his pocket again, spins it in his fingers like a toy. The strange, clawing feeling still sits in his chest and nestles between his ribs like it’s trying to make a home in his lungs - inexplicably, the part of him that usually tries to run and hide doesn’t shove it down. He spins his phone again, pauses, unlocks it.
He doesn’t bother changing out of his suit when he makes his way up to the railing at the waterfront, but Tony seems to have swapped out his dress clothes in favor of a warm coat and scarf over jeans and what looks like a turtleneck peeking out from above the fabric of the scarf. His cheeks are pink with the cold, red dotting the tip of his nose, and his hair is a messy heap on top of his head, buffeted by the breeze coming off the river.
” he says, voice thick and words clipped. “But if you hadn’t come out of that ice, I’d still be dicking around in California instead of spending the holidays at home.”
Maybe it was the way Tony’s hands had pressed into his own, steadying and real and
“So, what,” Steve says, pulling his legs back up to wrap his arms around his knees. “You left because you didn’t want to marry her? Even though you love her?”
“If we keep walking,” Tony says, “how long do you think it would take us to get to the ocean?”
He stumbles into his bedroom and strips off his shirt, tossing it blindly onto the laundry pile and fumbling through his drawers for a pair of sweatpants. Tony’s laugh filters through his head like a looping record, scrambling his thoughts until the only thing he can pin down is the tender look in Tony’s eyes when Steve had been about to kiss him. His fingers brush something hard in the drawer, he curls them around it and pulls out the little compass he had crashed into the ice with him.
Tony laughs, the sound like music. “I don’t, really. Only when I want to look cool.”
Tony pulls a face. “I tried to.” He’s silent for a second, then makes a noise like a startled little gasp, patting the pockets of his jacket. “I almost forgot this, though,” he says, “I have another gift for you.”
“Oh, I love her,” Tony chuckles. “Loved her more than anything on Earth, really. Not the same as being
“I’m moving on, though,” counters Steve, his tone bitter, acidic.
Tony doesn’t have to say anything - he tilts his head, inclining it towards the ocean, and Steve nods.
photograph, of course - nothing like what a little handheld box can do these days, but it shows what he needed it to show. Peggy stands dead center, half-turned to face the camera with a smile as wide as the Atlantic stretched across her face and a cardboard storage box in her hands, overflowing with files and loose papers. It was they day they had relocated Peggy to her promotional office, when they had brought in everything she owned and dumped it all onto the floor and then Dugan and Pinky had gotten rip-roaring drunk and played poker for hours on her empty desk.
“It’s always her,” he replies, answering Tony’s unasked question. “Me being here, waking up and moving on, forgetting about her -- it’s not
“Steve?” comes Tony’s voice, distant and distorted. Steve presses the phone to his ear.
“Mind if I come out to be lonely with you?” asks Tony, and Steve pushes down the smile that plays at the corners of his lips.
sound like that,” he whines, pouting ever so slightly. It’s cute, Steve thinks, the way his nose scrunches up like a petulant child whenever he goes into a mood. “Really, though - I thought I was going to marry her since
Tony blinks, long and slow, and a melancholy sort of hopefulness reflects back at Steve when his eyes open again.
“I loved her,” he says eventually, and stops walking. Tony takes a couple more paces forward before he seems to realize that Steve’s stopped, backtracking when he does. He sits down on the sand, patting the ground next to him.
When he makes it into his apartment he shucks off his coat, sending up a silent
Clint and Natasha giggle as they bundle into the backseat of the car, falling over each other to make space for Bucky climbing in behind them, Bruce and Happy up in the front. Steve pats Bucky on the back fondly, grinning when he turns to give Steve a cheery thumbs-up.
to kiss Tony, that he’s wanted to kiss Tony for a very, very long time.
Maybe it had been the first night, the night they met, when Tony opened the door and let Steve into his life, when he had bitten out insults and scathing words and then refused to let Steve fall away from him. Maybe it was the first time he saw Tony’s face, smiling out at him from a SHIELD data file, so many years ago it feels like a lifetime now.
“I will when you will,” replies Tony with a lopsided smirk, ducking his head to bury his nose in the scarf. Steve fights back a grin.
Steve falls back onto his bed still in his suit, head still reeling from the almost-kiss. The walk back home had been brisk, cold enough to clear the sleep from his head, but he can’t quite shake the feeling in his chest - it had set in during the countdown, when Tony had been close enough that Steve could count each one of the sparse freckles on the bridge of his nose, and it just hadn’t gone away. It’s settled in the pit of his stomach now, curling hot and insistent in his gut.
“You found this?” he croaks, once he manages to find some semblance of his voice again. Tony looks sheepish when Steve tilts his head up to get a better look at him; he rubs the back of his neck and keeps his eyes fixed squarely on the horizon.
“Ah,” Steve replies, feeling a bit like he’s been turned inside-out. “Yeah, you too.”
“Don’t,” Tony says, voice hoarse. “Not if you don’t mean it.”
Steve doesn’t realize he’s crying until the tears drip from his chin, and he wipes them away with the back of his hand before they can fall onto the photograph.
Eventually, they reach a little riverside park, a haven of green in the middle of the concrete jungle, and Tony swerves off the path to plunk himself down on the kiddie swingset. He’s comically oversized on it, knees bent past ninety degrees and feet still flat on the floor, but he makes a good effort to swing regardless. His heels kick up woodchips as they brush against the ground.
The clock to the new year counts down in slow-motion -- Steve watches from his spot in the corner as his little family mills around the Tower’s penthouse, scrambling to get into position before the last strike of the clock. The flute of champagne in Pepper’s hand looks dangerously close to spilling over as she skirts the edges of tables and chairs, making her way to Happy’s side, Clint reaching over to fill Natasha’s flute with the bottle in his hand. The eight of them are enough to fill the room - like this, with soft Christmas music filling the air and garlands strung with ornaments draped around the windows, Steve can almost believe that he was always meant to be here.
“She’d be happy for you, you know,” Tony says after a bit. They’ve walked a quarter mile or so, enough that the waterfront begins to pull away from the street. It feels more isolated like this - the only signs of life around them are the faint, amber glow of streetlamps in the distance and the empty lifeguard stands dotting the coast. When Steve looks over, Tony’s gaze is trained forward, a gentle curve to his mouth and his eyes half-lidded. “Peggy.”
give it up, maybe we could try to make it work.”
He’ll see them in the morning anyway, he’s sure - he has a feeling they won’t let im hole himself up alone on Christmas day, and he’s a little surprised to realize he doesn’t
“Yes, well,” replies Tony, with a self-deprecating smile twitching on his lips. “I couldn’t just leave you hanging, could I? Besides, she’s got her hands full, and me taking an early retirement doesn’t mean the bad guys will stop trying to kill us every other week.”
Tony cuts him off by bending down and pressing a present into his free hand - it’s small, about the size of a credit card, wrapped up in layers of gold foil and topped off with a miniature red bow. “It isn’t much, but I had the time and the negatives and I figured you might like it.”
“Since when do you do what you’re told?”
When the park clock chimes three-thirty, they walk back together, shoulders brushing - Steve drops Tony off at the lobby of the Tower, just a couple blocks away from his own apartment, savors the stilted beat after the goodbye when he realizes this is the point in a date where he’d kiss Tony goodnight.
Tony exhales through his nose, long and slow, and pushes himself upright. He tilts back on his heels, overbalancing but keeping his hands on the railing to avoid falling backwards. “Not exactly,” he says. “You can move forward and not forget about something. You can forget about it and still be stuck in the exact same place.”
“No one else stayed for the night?”
The night air is icy, but Steve doesn’t feel it. He’s still full of the warmth of the alcohol, nowhere near tipsy but pleasantly relaxed despite it. His veins feel like they’ve been hooked up to an electrical socket, sending electricity humming through him like a live wire, and when he hears the sound of footsteps on gravel he turns to face Tony with a smile and an
Steve doesn’t.
A slight blush is dusted across his cheeks, sitting red under his stubble and making the glow of his eyes shine even across the distance. His champagne flute is half empty, and before Steve realizes he’s moving he finds himself reaching over for the spare bottle to his side, raising it in an offer - Tony lights up,  brushing past Pepper as he walks over. He puts a hand on her shoulder to steady himself, she turns and gives him a small murmur of recognition. Steve feels the phantom weight of Tony’s hand on his own shoulder, warm and comforting through the layers of his shirt and jacket.
this picture, knows it like the back of his hand, remembers the day they had gathered around the photographer in war-torn Paris to watch him take it.
Steve forces the thought down, reaching up to loosen the tie around his neck. He can’t really hide from it any longer - he’s attracted to Tony, has been for god knows how long. He might have realized it on Christmas, sitting out on the beach with Tony at one in the morning, but if he really thinks about it, he had been drawn to Tony since long before then. Maybe it was early in the month, when Tony had asked him to help with a retuning of the Iron Man suit, maybe it was the way Tony had looked up at him with hope brimming over his eyes like tears and whispered
A soft snort of laughter makes its way out of Steve’s mouth, unbidden. Turning his gaze back to the wide expanse of sea and sky in front of him, he raises his glass to his lips - the alcohol goes down slow and sweet, like honey, even if he can’t feel the buzz. “This is home, now? Two months ago you were aching to run away.” He feels more than hears the way that Tony pads up to the railing, leaning up against it with his elbows propped up on the cold metal, his gaze on the side of Steve’s face burning hot despite the chill in the air.
Tony is more open like this, he thinks. Here, way out on the outskirts of the continent, with the sea spray whipping up into the air and sending shivers up his spine and down his forearms - he couldn’t imagine Tony anywhere else. He had lived in the city, sure, had lived and worked and spent his life there, but Steve can’t imagine any way his eyes would light up quite as brightly without the open expanse of sky in front of them. Here, under the cover of night, Tony is radiant enough to outshine the stars, and Steve has to resist the sudden urge to trace the features of his face just so he can compare them to the constellations peeking out over the heavy line of the horizon.
“Sharon Carter, she is the great niec—” But Natasha didn’t let her finish, she handed back the file to her.
“And we’ll happily help you with that.” Fury squeezed his shoulder, like a proud father. He turned to Clint and Natasha. “This is Agent Romanoff and Agent Barton.” He gestured to them and they both straightened up, Natasha stood up from her chair. They all nodded in acknowledgement.
Steve left without a word.
“I’ve been monitoring the trainees and there are a lot close to your age.” Maria scanned her badge to enter the observing room, from where they could see some of the trainees practicing at the shooting range.
Natasha hadn’t any tasks for too long. With the whole super-soldier babysitting, the term stuck with her after Clint used it so much, she couldn’t leave the HQ. Nor was she given any missions, she didn’t blame Steve, but she felt kind of useless just sitting around.
"Oh, don't worry about that, that doesn't work here. You need a specific wavelength." he twirled his finger in the air.
"I like that confidence." he said and took his drink.
"You could go back to school, nobody is keeping you here." she stated coldly, watching his body language closely, trying to read him.
“You don’t want to find out.” Steve warned them, but the group just laughed.
"You are the worst pilot ever." Clint joked while rubbing his head.
“Sam’s a great guy.” Steve tried to smile. Mrs. Wilson snickered while taking a seat in the armchair.
"Nat, said she had it." Clint shrugged, then thought about it. "Like half an hour ago... But you know, it's gonna be fine." he added after Steve gave him a face which told him that he was only making it worse.
Sam took s big breath and started for the ring when Steve  put a hand on his shoulder to stop him. “If Sam’s too easy let’s see you fight someone your level.” Natasha swooped in and the fake cockiness dropped from Clint’s face. He look mortified as she slid into the ring between the ropes.
“At last some normal food!” Clint enthused scanning over the pile.
"Great, I assume I still have a room here." Tony was reaching his limits of calm overconfidence, so his eyes paced around the room. He just wanted to get out of there.
The room he chose to occupy for the night looked like your typical hotel room fancied up with the best view of the city out of the huge windows.  It had two single beds, but Tony had no intention of going to find another room when this did a perfect job at being a room in which he was all alone.
“Hey Jarvis could you look for tonight’s security footage for me?” Tony asked and the hologram screen sprang to life from the watch.
“Of course.” Steve nodded and strapped himself in. Suddenly he felt homesick for a home that didn’t even exist anymore. He wanted to be 9 again running around the streets of Brooklyn and tripping, just to land flat on his face and be pulled up by Bucky, who would laugh at him. Or help his mother cook in their tiny apartment and then eat that miserable soup he messed up so bad.
“You just stole my food, we aren’t friends anymore. We are at war.” Tony stated faking seriousness and a threatening expression.
"I can't be here?" he asked, but his question went unnoticed.
“Peps!” he exclaimed enthusiastically and walked toward her. His hair was a mess, his face was dirty and he was pretty sweaty as well.
Fury strolled in a few minutes later and stole the spot light. "Good morning team. Got up on the wrong side of the bed?" he asked as the screen turned on behind him and the lights dimmed in the room.
"Nat, who are you talking to?" Clint asked through her earpiece.
He skimmed through a few of the pages, they made him older, but he still had the same friends. The writers of this really did their research about his relationships. Although on one page he saw ‘Captain America’ flirting with some women, making him look like he was popular and not awkward at all.
Steve got taken to his therapy session by Maria Hill. Shield didn’t want to let him be seen by anybody who could identify him. He was again the big secret, at least he didn’t need to do stupid shows in spandex and pretend everything was fine.
Clint slumped back in his chair taking a bite of his toast and narrowed his eyes comically. They watched each other in silence, their brain not registering the noises around them.  Natasha's stone hard poker face didn't change, it stayed neutral, unthreatened.
Natasha felt her lips twitch and looking at the two slices of cake made her warm inside. It was a bummer, they couldn't use any communication devices, even the secret Shield server was inaccessible.
The captain panicked and fled the room through the made up walls, knocking down agents in his way. He started running and Natasha followed him, she got rid of her dress shoes on the way, sprinting as fast as she could to keep up with a super soldier. She couldn't run to her maximum capacity in a pencil skirt so she called on the coms.
Natasha narrowed her eyes while looking Clint in the eye. Raising a silent question as she raised an eyebrow.
Looking up at Steve, she smiled softly. “Oh, dear…” she got closer to him and wiped his wet cheek.
“Aliens?” Clint asked and earned all the disapproving glares of the room for intervening.
"I was just trying to get the Stark kid off my back and get the information we needed... but I failed. Didn't have enough time to get close enough." Natasha sighed, massaging her temple. She didn't know if she meant getting close to the room or getting close to Tony to get the information, though both were better than nothing, however she trusted her own ears more than a stranger.
Steve asked Natasha to go to that lovely, little park close to the Wilsons. He always wanted to look around there.
Clint was sitting at her desk trying to write that letter to Natasha. “This is stupid.” He’d comment occasionally something along the lines, but he didn’t stop.
"I'll escort her out." Tony said and they headed toward the elevator where Mr. Tudor and the others just went down.
“Don’t worry, if I picked up some juice, he’d wanted that.” Rhodey told Pepper the secret that Tony is just simply lazy.
Clint and Natasha left the room and Clint closed the office’s door after them. They started walking to building B where the sleeping quarters were. Clint had a big, stupid grin on his face.
“Meh.” Rhodey shrugged, probably not his favorite subject. As far as Pepper knew it wasn’t the military he joined, but some kind of a training that was held by the military. Which he was participating in because his father was someone high ranked. Pepper probably shouldn’t had Tony explaining it with his rambling and no care for anything that was related to his father in any shape or form.
Coulson took him to his next session and he hoped he’d meet the twins again, they radiated so much positive energy he could use after being cooped up in the Shield HQ for a week. He got out of the car with a smile which really made him think about how fond he grew of the Wilsons. He was about to enter the fence gate when he heard a yell down the street.
Tony fell back and his head knocked against the wall again, he scratched the bump. Accepting the truth was much harder than he thought. Steve Rogers aka Captain America, the legend alive? In the 21th century?
“Her name caught my eye a few months ago and I’ve been keeping a close eye.” Agent Hill handed her a file.
“Come on in!” she said cheerfully. She was a really kind looking woman, probably gave the best hugs too. She was a bit plump and wore her hair in a bun with a colorful headband. Her looks presumably helped with her job as well, it was easier to talk to a mother figure, than a stone faced doctor.
Thank you for reading! ^-^
Natasha watched him stride off and disappear behind a sliding door. She was good at reading people, that was her job, so when in her life for the first time she was left confused after an interrogation, she felt like... like... This kid from a circus left Natasha Romanoff dumbfounded, this guy who was the simplest to figure out, if you didn't look past it all, but beyond you were left with no clues.
“I’m just going easy on you.” Clint leaned on the edge and tried to look like he had his life together. Steve shook his head, amused.
She was right, but then that meant they already knew about Steve’s other encounters without anybody snitching on him. Maybe they didn’t care? Or as long as he was just Steve and not Captain America to an unimportant person it was fine?
Steve nodded.
Pulling Steve closer by his shirt, Tony made a low sound in the back of his throat and pulled back, despite a protesting Steve.
Steve gave Tony his best puppy eyes, and Tony admirably pretended he wasn’t combusting internally. “You know, you don’t have to hide, Tony. We’re not angry with you. We understand, and next time we’d like to help you make a decision like that, take on some of the weight. Even if something went wrong and you— messed up, or something— we’re always on your side, no matter what. I understand with you being…”
Tony hesitated. His
Tony stalked forward. Gripping Vandal by the throat and tilting the villain’s head up, he did his best at keeping his voice level. “I am happy to say I think you’re gonna hate prison.”
. What the fuck. The anvil itself landed with a loud thunk, remarkably only cracking the floor a
Steve, with sparkling eyes, laughed and tipped his head backwards, looking for all the world like the greatest thing Tony had ever seen, and touched, and loved. Steve laughed so heartily that, for one crazed moment, Tony thought he might asphyxiate, but then he turned his delighted eyes back to Tony, and something heavy and delicate clicked into place and at once all was right with the world. Steve loved him despite everything he was, everything he had been, and he seemed quite keen on keeping on doing just so. Who was Tony to deny him that?
“Vandal,” he acknowledged.
Seven years of living in the subtext, of being friendly but distant, of having each other’s backs and bickering on and off the battlefield, of saving each other’s lives and then brushing it off like it was
Vandal grinned. “You are
. Tony scowled harder at the offending hunk of metal.
Tony laughed wetly. “You didn’t know me then. I was awful.”
“Alright man. I’ll still be on standby.”
, for me to finally realise how
“‘Course,” joked Tony, gesturing to himself. “There’s a lot to admire in a tin can like me.”
He signaled
Seemingly deciding against touching Tony, Steve sat down heavily, and Tony, first standing the chair upright, followed suit. Steve hooked a foot around the leg of Tony’s chair, and hauled him closer, eliciting a frankly embarrassing sound from Tony.
“I was complacent for
He could deal with Fury, he could deal with the consequences, the not-so-likely-but-still-possible fallout… surely he could take Vandal down after - after he did whatever it was he was planning? He couldn’t risk his family, not if Vandal really had those connections he’d boasted about.
- with assessing eyes for a weighty moment, then turned, and trailed back into the kitchen. Steve followed him, shutting the door behind him and turning the deadbolt smartly.
Tony resisted the urge to bare his teeth. “We’re not with SHIELD anymore.”
He went to put on some coffee. A few minutes later, coffee cup in hand, Tony rested his head on the worn kitchen table and closed his eyes. Was it possible to feel the weight of every decision one had ever made push oppressively against one’s shoulders all at once? Was coming here even a good idea, if all he would do is think, think, think and hate himself more, instead of working harder?  It felt like maybe that anvil had found its mark after all.
— stiff and unmoving in their home, their throats slit, eyes milky, and expelled a breath heavily.
“Wow, lay it on thick, why don’t you?” said Tony, but he was smiling, and Steve was smiling, still looking vaguely concerned, but mostly happy that Tony was smiling.
That meant they’d have to
Tony stood abruptly, the chair crashing backwards behind him. Steve watched him with wide eyes.
revelation. Then, realising quite abruptly he hadn’t actually responded to Steve with anything but prying questions, he added hurriedly, voice shaking, “I love you too.” Then, like a dam had been broken, the words just flew out of him, “I’ve loved you for— God, years, Steve. I feel like it’s just been this constant in my life. Another staple, like, you know, food, and thinking. Loving you is so obvious, of course I love you, what’s there to question? I love you, and—”
“Sorry. I don’t typically let anyone who’s hurt my friends go very far,” he snarled.
“Not your friend,” Tony spat through gritted teeth.
“Yeah.”
“May I?” Steve gestured to the chair closest to Tony.
He caught all the latches of his armour in a frenzy, letting all the pieces clatter to the floor. Clutching at his shirt, at where the arc reactor had been before his surgery, Tony hissed, “it took being electrocuted on the daily, being beaten half to death, being waterboarded, fucking clinging to the wirey battery that kept shrapnel from literally
Steve thought for a moment. “Seven years now, give or take.”
been on the few occasions I’ve been out of commission. And— sometimes I worry. I worry you’re all staying out of some sense of duty, or— or loyalty, because we’ve known each other for so long, or
As he turned away, gritting his teeth, he said to Vandal, “you understand the whole world could suffer ramifications for this? You are - in essence - deciding the potential slaughtering of thousands is okay, so long as you come out on top?”
“Why didn’t you say something?” breathed Tony, still unwilling to believe this was real.
, of course, it happened. Because in real life, nothing happened with good timing, nor with any care or thought for Clint’s jibing remarks. The blast, powerful enough to send Tony careening into the nearest wall with a loud crash—
“Nothing to celebrate just yet.” Tony smiled, a little self-deprecatingly. “I haven’t hammered out the details, or pinged any of Vandal’s known accomplices locations. I haven’t even sent a security detail Pepper’s way—“
Jarvis pinged and suggested calmly, “shall I alert miss Potts and the Avengers of—”
!— shook the building, collapsing the ceiling into itself. All was quiet as the rumbling dissipated.
building that was concerned.
“There’s a difference between narcissism and self-preservation.”
as a kid, I wasn’t an idiot -” he paused, drawing in breath. “It doesn’t matter. I should’ve known. I have blood on my hands, and it is never coming off. I don’t
Tony let those wonderful words settle in the air, like quiet, fluttering butterflies. Breathing in a shuddering breath, Tony put a disbelieving hand on top of Steve’s, marveling in the warmth and feel of him, his best friend in the whole world.
. You’ve gotta stop icing us out, believing you’re an outsider when you're the heart of us all.”
Tony had thought maybe the cloak was overkill when he'd first laid eyes upon their latest soon-to-be-incarcerated-villain, but the more time passed, the more he thought perhaps it wasn't.
long ago. And you stopped,” said Steve, as though it was the simplest thing in the world.
The two of them sat in silence, not really studying each other, but also aware of the other’s every movement, every breath, every stolen glance. Steve looked
us do anything! We are here of our own volition. We like you, believe it or not. You’re family.”
Tony wished Steve would stop saying that. That they
Wordlessly, Tony let him in. He stared at the man - the man who was supposed to be on
“You see, we are being watched. Observed by a third party, someone keen and capable enough to execute several ordered hits upon your loved ones on my behalf, all of which would be quite… painful. Unless you choose to cooperate, that is.”
The place was very still when he stepped inside, like the whole house was doing its very best impression of something impersonal and unfamiliar. The air smelled like dust and mold, and the decor was faintly reminiscent of an old, unkempt brownstone. The house itself was primarily wooden, and when the lamp flickered on, it emitted a soft, warm glow, incredibly contrary to the Tower’s icy, dispassionate light. Tony liked them both, he mused. Depending on the context.
A second passed, and then a familiar voice said, “Tony? Are you there? It’s really kind of, um. Well. Not cold, exactly. But a bit chilly? So I’d be much obliged if you opened the d—”
“Iron Man!” he exclaimed, spreading his arms. Tony scowled.
admire you,” said Steve, leaning closer. “I - admit that as team leader I can be challenging, and sometimes I push too hard and forget to appreciate everyone’s hard work. And given that we had the start we had…” Tony thought of the Helicarrier and cringed. “I guess what I’m trying to say is I appreciate you. You’re an incredible asset to the team, sure, but you’re an even better friend. You’ve done so much for us— so much for
“You guys hearing this?” asked Tony.
. His blonde hair was longer again, bouncier, and his eyes were bright as ever. Tony felt the familiar pull he always felt around Steve, like a planet orbiting the sun.
Tony, heart caught in his throat, only had the willpower to rasp, “please.”
Steve huffed. “You made the right call. The only call you could’ve made, ethically. And we’ll keep it from Fury till you give the word. I’m assuming you’re working on a plan?”
“I am a man of honor,” he said seriously to Sam, then cracked a small smile. Speaking into the comms more clearly, Tony continued, “Hawkeye? Black Widow?”
It was nice, Tony realised suddenly, having Steve here, just sitting with him in a cold, but safe kitchen, away from an audience. There was so much between them, but those fraught connections felt like threads of possibility somehow, rather than shackles.
don’t believe that.”
Tony revelled in the sight of a halfway—disheveled Steve, and then kissed him again. Just because he could.
“Jesus,” said Tony, although his tone didn’t quite do justice to the horror of
“How’d you know I was here?” asked Tony finally. He’d always been the first to break in tense situations. He kind of
“That’s kind of you to say,” said Tony after some time, unable to express his gratitude, and certainly unwilling to put words to everything currently on his mind.
“I—” Tony’s throat felt dry and unused. His eyes felt oddly wet. He couldn’t make himself look away from Steve’s intense, lovely, dopey face. “I — when? When did you—?”
Sam stared at Tony disbelievingly from where he lay, all but cradled in Tony’s arms. “Man, what the fuck?”
Tony could feel himself vibrating out of his skin with rage. He wanted to grab Vandal and punch his teeth out, threaten to take everything he cared for away from him and spit in his eye. Instead, he grit out, “Okay. Deal.”
Tony hunched a little. “Still,” he said, hyper-aware of Steve’s rapt attention, trained squarely on him. When had he started caring so much? The man was sitting with his hands folded on his lap, all serious and shit. Clearing his throat, Tony continued, “you don’t owe me any—
“Just fine,” wheezed Tony. “Vandal’s gonna be— gonna be miles away if we don’t break the door down. He could use the vents to escape. Surrendering is not his style.”
Sam got one hit in, and just before he landed the other, Tony heard it. A soft but unmistakable click. He launched himself from where he stood, smashing into Sam, shouting, “wait!”
“I’m more interested in what my best friend wants me to know than what some clinical report says.” Steve looked intense, more so than usual when they argued. He held himself stoically, somehow, even sitting down. The shadows cast by the lamp darkened his face, accentuating his jaw when he worked it over. Even vexed, he was strikingly beautiful.
Tony laughed, a few octaves higher than usual. “I — yeah. Appreciate it, Cap.”
“No,” said Steve, all earnest eyes and pouty lips. “You’re not exhausting. Especially not in large doses.”
“You always been this jumpy?” asked Clint, waltzing back into the room.
Steve surged forward like kissing Tony was inevitable, like this was it, two trains colliding, and there was nothing spontaneous or accidental about it, they were simply destined to crash into one another, and this was it. This was it.
Like a voice buzzing in his ear, Jarvis said, “very good, sir.”
Steve grimaced. “The person you’d come to see as a father figure tried to kill you when you vowed to stop. There’s a reason things panned out the way they did.”
, you learned—”
Tony’s comm clicked again, and this time Vandal’s patently british, mocking voice came through. “Stark,” he taunted. “Won’t you send your friends on their merry way and meet me on floor twelve?”
