Pepper was shaking her head. "I didn't need Fury to tell me that. You're being ridiculous. And I don't have time for this nonsense."
Steve closed his eyes and shook his head.
"Until Afghanistan."
White teeth flashed in what might have been a grin or a snarl. "In that Hunter is White Wolf," he said evenly, "I am the Black Panther. You may address me as 'Panther'."
"And?" Steve still had no idea of Tony's reasoning.
"Then I suggest you get rid of it. I find it extremely distracting."
The Hulk roared and stomped, cracking the tiles and concrete. A splinter sliced through Tony's cheek, but he ignored it.
And it wasn't, Steve realised. God, he'd been slow. Middle of the night slow. One of the first things Tony had said to him, back on the night when Jarvis had called him to the Tower to stop his creator drinking himself to death – and incidentally changed Steve's own life – was that
Before Steve had time to work out the implications of that surprising statement, the elevator doors opened into an extraordinary room, huge and filled with a cacophony reminiscent of that that had greeted Iron Man's appearance in Stuttgart and which surely could not be called music, bouncing and echoing off  grey concrete. It was also filled with equipment; giant freestanding screens that were probably for computers rather than television, a forge currently cold, machine tools, and the line of Iron Man armour against the far wall that looked more like sculpture than machinery. The Iron Man might be gaudy, but it was also beautiful, with the elegance of form correctly following function.
Tony woke to full daylight.
"You were right," Steve said.
"I wouldn't be too sure of that, Director. Velasco took his Chitauri space-force carrier to McGuire."
Steve made himself go limp and hoped his heart wasn't beating so fast that Tony or Nat could hear it.
The woman who had been sitting on the steps rose to her feet and made her way to join White Wolf, carrying her bowl. White Wolf bowed to her. She bowed back, then moved to one side, where a table or bench made of rich red wood and inlaid with what was almost certainly ivory had been placed.
"Why?" Steve asked, in puzzlement. "It's important work, Tony. Perhaps the most important thing you've ever done."
The truck, meanwhile, had swung backwards into the road, made its turn and was hurtling away from the portal, Thor following above it. A-Jet2 was circling high above as A-Jet1 began descending. His team were currently stationary but their heat signatures suggested they were alive at least. Jarvis was tracking the truck as it sped away down the road and relaying its co-ordinates to A-Jet1.
"Remember that guy who was block booking my dining room? Cornelius E. Moorcock?"
"No, Tony. It's not worth it." He saw Tony's face fall, and added, "Not just to satisfy my curiosity. Save it for a real emergency."
He hoped it would take time to take effect, that the serum might have made him immune to its effects, though at the same time he was hoping that those effects would contaminate his blood, his genes, his cells so much they would not be of use to anyone, but it burned his throat, his stomach, then ran tingling down his nerves and thrust spikes into his head.
"Hey!" Storm yelped.
A redheaded woman in a black cat-suit was watching all of them sardonically.
"Well, don't expect me to thank you."
Below them, a black speck descended into the portal and vanished.
He could call Jarvis and ask him to send the Mark 8A, but it would take several minutes to get to Washington from New York. But maybe Happy had disobeyed orders once again...
The water was cold with a hint of lemon juice and it scoured his mouth clean, but his stomach rumbled mightily in protest, and he flopped back against the pillows, swallowing convulsively in an attempt to avoid throwing up all over the covers.
Steve sat, carefully upright, on one of the seats flanking the massive irregular table that seemed to have been cut from an ancient redwood because no other tree could be that large, surely, while Tony talked his way through a series of phone and video calls – and what did he mean by telling Ms Bartowlski she was 'going to have to change the will yet again, sorry'? He knew better than to interfere, though once or twice he shook his head at some of Tony's more extravagant threats.
Stark nodded, as if that confirmed what he had suspected. "It's Rogers," he said. "Steven Rogers. Steve."
But he didn't think they were going to. Looked like they were still treating Storm with kid gloves.
They were both lying.
Tony took a final deep breath, squared his shoulders and marched onwards.
Suddenly, he knew. "Were you jerking off? Thinking about me?" He moved a hand to Steve's chin – newly shaved, he noticed absently – and turned the other man to face him. The blue eyes met Tony's definatly. "You were. I mean, you were thinking about me. God, Steve, that is so hot. You should have woken me up. At the very least, I could have watched. Jarvis, did you record—?"
He supposed he ought to say something, but this was all too personal, his emotions too engaged. Once he started talking he wouldn't be able to stop. And Steve, if he knew him at all, was too embarrassed and horrified by his own actions to engage.
"Huh? What?" Steve blinked sleepily at him. His expression moved from puzzlement to a slow smile to open adoration. "Hi."
"That was real impressive, Stark." The speaker, a short but powerful man in Airman Battle Uniform with Colonel's insignia and RED HORSE patches, was stomping towards them with a determined expression. "An' it confirms that you have just what we need. Introduce us, Rhodes."
But Tony was now ready to repel boarders. With Jarvis protesting in his ear, he held up his left hand, palm outwards, and even Fury paused at the sight of the soft glow of a repulsor powering up.
Tony rather hoped they might be distracted by the sight of a shirtless Captain America – he certainly was – but he didn't expect shock.
Because Pepper almost certainly knew who Nat was.
when the ARC reactor failed."
"Not Van Dyne, no," Pepper snapped. "Security reports Steve had three women with him, and one of them was certainly Van Dyne. Presumably another one was Danvers. I don't know who the third woman was."
"Humph."
"Implicitly," Tony said, on instinct, and then it was his turn to pause, momentarily, pushing aside intrusive memories of his betrayed trust in Pepper, Rhodey... Obie. "Confirmed, Jay," he said. "But I will take any calls about Stark Energy or Special Projects. Refer them to me immediately. And I'll take any calls from Pepper or Marilyn – and a call from Bruce or Betty Ross overrides everything." He raised an eyebrow at Steve. "Deal?"
"What the heck happened to Howard's flying cars?" Steve muttered. "We sure could do with one now!"
"We got a visit from a Doombot and Madame Masque," his father answered. "Don't worry, we took care of them."
Like hell, Tony thought. However, he climbed into the back seat of the vehicle as instructed. Steve was about to follow when the warrior holding the dog, which was now alternately growling and barking in earnest, spoke to him in Wakandan, his voice rising in an obvious question.
Steve's arms relaxed and he slid forward, resting his forehead against Tony's, and they remained there for several minutes, in the warmth of the sunlight, with the promise of no lies between them, only possibilities.
Before he had a chance to respond, those doors, behind which should have been only an open shaft, the car long gone, doors which should have been sealed and the shaft inaccessible, with Jarvis in control, opened.
"I didn't even realise I was being abducted until I met the Princess. I thought it was a USAF SNAFU. Maybe it was."
Tony drew a sharp breath. "Oh, God, I'm sorry. Me, I deserve all this for fucking up every good thing in my life, including the Avengers. All you did was save people and you lost everything. And none of it was your fault." He slid off the bench, so he was sitting close to Steve, and tentatively held out a hand. Even as the other man hesitated, Steve shifted his body weight towards him, and Tony's arm went comfortingly across his shoulders. It took only the space of a breath for Steve to turn it into a full-blown hug.
"Wait!" Jan jumped to her feet. "I'll come with you. Let me get my purse."
"Well, maybe he was mistaken. All the same, I know you don't normally sign autographs, but he'd be over the moon—"
"What's sleep?" Tony asked.
"Forget that. I'm fucking grateful. Can your friend take us home?
"Make up your mind, Tony." Marilyn sighed. "Even your father didn't make as many changes to his will as you do."
"Yeah. Well, I thought it might be safer here with me. It was in the underground vault until last night, but I thought you might feel better if it was here when you woke up."
Or had he?
Fandral gave him a very sharp look indeed. "Odin does not know all, just as Heimdall does not see all that passes on the Nine Worlds. Some things are hidden. Loki did not conjure the army that attacked Midgard, and equipping him with Infinity Stones was the act of a madman, madwoman, mad god, mad alien overlord, mad magician, whatever. Odin, I think, has his suspicions, but Huginn and Muninn do not talk to me."
"In a burst of gamma radiation," Iron Man added, and even through the distortion, Steve could hear a whole gamut of emotions, anger and fear at the front of them. He threw a glance at Tony, but the faceplate was still firmly in place.
"I could talk to her," Tony said. "Stark Industries was a major donor to her last election campaign and possibly to this one, though that's now Pepper's business, rather than mine. I think she might spare me five minutes of her time."
"SHIELD, you think?"
Which way? He didn't think the wizards would have been so stupid as not to set some kind of magical alarm system or even a ... what did they call it? Fence? Ward? There was little hope of getting away at street level without being spotted. But out of one of the top floor windows, or the roof? Time to do a little exploring.
will make me
Indeed, less than a minute later he and the bike were deposited on a handy roof, and Iron Man was landing beside him.
"Not on me until I know what you're up to!" Bruce protested.
"That is possibly wise, Captain. All the same, leaving it behind is inevitable, given current levels of airport security and your need for anonymity. Mr Stark expects you in the security office at the loading bay in one hour."
Then the woman's face lost all expression. She said two unintelligible words and then the artefact, in its plastic wrapping, appeared floating in the air in front of her, dripping water. Even as the Doombot reached for it, it jerked into flight, straight towards Tony. The Doombot reacted by throwing one its balls of energy at Jean, and she and the artefact crashed to the floor simultaneously.
"In the workshop," Jarvis said, with an air of satisfaction that suggested that that had been what he was aiming for all along.
"Maybe. I think he's working his way around to accepting that I'm the original Captain America, but he's too polite to ask outright for confirmation. His grandfather helped your father and, through him, me. That should count in our favour – though I'm still not completely convinced we should be taking sides."
"Hey, he's a portal whisperer. And I may have given him a few clues. Pathetic ones, but clues none the less. Meanwhile, all of you need to get out of there ASAP."
"If you say so, sir."
But he needed sleep. And after their argument in the workshop he might not welcome the contact.
He relaxed his grip on Happy's shoulder, and patted it for a moment. "Clint, Natasha, you'd better get out of here. Don't scratch the paintwork on that bike. Jan and I will handle the cops. And SHIELD, if we have to. Well, move. You too, Happy. Pepper will be needing you back at the Tower."
"Fifth and sixth windows from the right on the fourth floor. But recon only, Tony."
Pepper watched him eat with approval. Then, after a while, she said: "Steve, I know how much you respect Tony, but for his sake, you have to talk to me."
"It does," Happy grunted, "if you want to keep blood off your uniform. Bruising's worse. Surprised you're still movin'."
"We need a distraction. Leave that to me." Okoye slipped away, her bare feet making no sound on the concrete.
"I am aware of that sir, but I repeat, Ms Romanoff has full access."
"It isn't. Not while I’m in the suit. Also, I have Jarvis, and he can keep an eye on me for you, if you really feel like that."
"I need you out of here before you proposition Maria or punch Fury. Or vice versa."
The two new aircraft had gone, but the big doors were open, and the tarmac outside was floodlit. A group of six people in red coveralls were standing waiting for them.
When Steve reached the kitchen, he discovered Tony broiling bacon on the stove, with the griddle warming and a packet of pancake mix besides an empty bowl. Wordlessly, Steve took over making the pancakes, leaving Tony to concentrate on not burning the bacon and, ten minutes later, they sat down together in the semicircular dining area looking southeast and, still in silence, ate their very belated breakfast.
"Though we are slightly more used to representing another... I hesitate to say government... on occasion."
But there was another sound. Steve had been hearing the rhythmic noise of a helicopter for some time, but now it was growing louder and louder. When he looked he was expecting to see a police helicopter—
Through all this, Steve was the perfect tactical control, but Tony knew that was a mask, that he wanted, above all things, to be on the ground – or, in this case, the ocean.
"The winds will answer to me," Thor said. "Iron Man, you will care for the Captain?"
"Betty?" Natasha asked.
"Piece of Asgardian tech. What all this—" Tony waved an expansive hand at the cityscape, "— was about."
Tony had been scanning for the Soul Stone since he had known it was missing. Now he made a wide gesture at the floor. "Look around you. See the splinters, and dust. That's the Soul Stone. Apparently us breaking loose destroyed it."
"I've always had a good memory for faces."
"Ms Romanoff has full access to the Tower, sir, on your orders."
Tony's stare was equally challenging. "Did you forge my signature on a contract leasing the
"Take care of him, Jarvis. Anything he wants. But keep him in that suite."
Howard was waiting for him on the terrace, a pot of tea and two mugs on the wrought iron table.
She led the way to a broken circle of comfortable looking sofas, with a low glass table at its centre.
Tony saw the glowing figure start, then put the laptop aside, bounce off the bed, and pause to switch off the main lighting, so that only a bedside lamp was glowing.
Looking at Tony's black suit and scarlet silk shirt, Steve felt underdressed again, but then the other man looked up and smiled, and none of it mattered.
"Tony," Steve said.
There was a smile on Frigga's lips and in her eyes. "My son Loki did you great wrong, yet you allowed him to live. Even if Thor had not pleaded with me, I could not have allowed one of those who made that choice to go unrewarded. But now you must rest." The last thing Steve saw was her hand moving above him in a complex gesture, and sleep came easily.
"A bug on a bug," Tony said, trying for a lightness he was far from feeling.
Steve gave himself a mental shake; so he was in the future. Deal with it, Rogers. "Can you tell me how to work the shower?" he asked.
"Don't you dare!" Tony retorted, struggling to his feet, but there was a part of him wishing he could remember what it was like to be lifted and carried in Steve's arms. "Coming out to share the spa with me?" he countered.
Wait. He'd forgotten the World Security Council. If they knew what SHIELD knew then the information could be all over the world by now...
It was enough.
that," Tony retorted. "But I wouldn't trust him further than I could kick him, without benefit of the armour. He wants to control the Avengers, the armour, and the ARC reactor technology just as he wanted to use Asgardian technology for defence. And look what Asgardian tech brought us – the Red Skull, Hydra, Loki, an alien invasion and the attention of Odin only knows how many hostile civilisations."
"And the Makluan have been there for most of it," Gene added.
Steve thought, as Tony got to his feet, smoothed his hair where Steve had ruffled it, and said, "Let's get you out of these clothes and into bed." He unclipped the fastenings of Steve's jacket – jerkin – Steve wasn't sure of the correct name, eased Steve's arms out of it and laid it aside, then began to unlace the shirt.
"Are you quite sure you do not wish to handle this in the suit, sir?"
In which a lot of things move, sometimes rather too quickly... and too many people are taking an interest in Tony's tech.
But didn't explain why Steve wasn't...
"Anthony!" Howard said sharply. "You don't 'get rid' of Pepper. You talk to her, find out what she wants, and, if she wants you to take her to see Fury or Hill, you do just that. You act normally, get it?"
Except it was unnecessary.
When Steve didn't move, she dropped suit-and-sunglasses' arm, and Betty perforce had to drop the other.
"Right." Steve sat up and assumed an alert expression.
"And if she was here I'd say the same things to her," Tony told him. "Meanwhile, are you hungry? Thirsty?"
News from back East sends Tony and Steve into unexpected danger.
Tony drew in a sharp breath, remembering Pepper's words:
"I'll drive," Jan said gleefully. "Steve, where does Tony keep his car keys?"
"That is better," the Wakandan's deep voice said. "Even with the cowl down, I kept seeing my brother. Though I am not sure that is what Stark thought—"
"But we won't talk about the Monaco Classic Grand Prix," said Bruce.
"Except I was under escort."
He could handle this.
Maybe he should invite them in.
"Were good enough," Steve retorted. He deliberately softened his voice. "Though I'm real grateful to my partner for the assist."
"Then I guess that will be all, Mr Stark."
"Their credentials appear to be legitimate. I have accessed the UN, diplomatic press and FBI computers and they confirm the identities."
Let's pretend the Gulfstream G650 came into service a couple of years earlier than 2012, okay? At least until I get round to a full edit after the story is completed.
Tony rode the elevator down to the lobby with only part of his mind listening to Jarvis's briefing; this situation was dangerous but not entirely unexpected, given what had happened in White Plains.
me the centre of attention."
Besides, this was personal.
"Good. Lieutenant, you can come with us, stay here, or I can set you up with a temporary new identity—"
Glass and metal flew in all directions. A wheel bounced towards Steve. Without thought, he shifted position, scooped it from the air and hurled it at the armoured figure, which raised a hand and blasted it to its component atoms.
"Then I don't have to tell you anything. Except out of the goodness of my heart. That's when someone does something because of compassion, Hill. I know Fury doesn't acknowledge compassion exists, but—"
It was dappled grey, the same colour as the clouds and the sea, and it appeared to be a giant flying reptile ... Steve's memory supplied a reference – a creature attacking in
"Stark, have you gone to sleep in there? If not, why don't you let us get on with our job and go mind your own store?"
"She's not that petty, Jan." But he had to admit that he'd known about Pepper's antipathy to Jan, much as he'd tried to ignore it. It was one of the reasons he'd not mentioned helping Jan and Hank go undercover, but it was something he'd never understood. Jan and Pep had so much in common...
Furious, Tony retreated to his own workshop, only to be totally frustrated by the SI research department, the results of the latest computer runs, and his own failure to find anything to interest him.
"Oh, don't worry, Stark." It was the mercenary leader who spoke. "It wouldn't work on you. It's been tailored specially for the Black Panther here. I am assured by White Wolf that your fate will be quite different."
For a few minutes, though it seemed far longer, it felt horribly awkward, with both men stiff and unmoving, trying not to touch. Then Tony said, "Okay. I guess neither of us is going to get any sleep like this," reached out and settled Steve's head against his shoulder, then wrapped his arms loosely around him.
"Nor did I, until recently." Jan had leaned closer. "Tony, I'm worried. Hank's on the verge of an incredible breakthrough, but I'm sure he's in danger. We need your help..."
Bruce winced.
"How the hell was I supposed to react? You could have been dead!"
"Sure." Steve turned back to the screen with an expression that suggested nothing so much as morbid curiosity, while Howard took Tony's arm and hustled him out of the room.
Remember that I would warn for major character death, and that you have been promised Steve/Tony and it hasn't happened yet!
It didn't help that someone – Tony, it had to be Tony – had added controls to his bike that he didn't understand. It was more responsive now, and faster – more responsive and faster than the Triumph Tiger – but that didn't bother him so much as the unfamiliar buttons and switches that did God-alone-knew-what. Tony would no doubt have briefed him, if he had had the nerve to face Tony... Facing down the Red Skull had been easy compared to that.
"Jarvis," Steve said. "Has there been any word from Tony?"
"And if I don't?"
Iron Man landed lightly on the sidewalk just behind a plainly shaken security guard who was explaining to the cops that, "He held them off me with a shield. I didn't believe in Captain America an' he wasn't in uniform but it couldn't have been anyone—"
"Shields at full strength, Jarvis." Steve snatched up his own shield and ran for the door. As he moved, he felt something land on his shoulder – Wasp, presumably – but ignored it, hoping that she could manage to cling to his T-shirt.
"Then why bother about where he came from?"
The green and yellow clad man – vanished. One moment he was there, the next he had gone and this time he did not blink back into existence.
Overhead, clouds were beginning to gather and a wind was rising as Okoye let down a sea anchor in the middle of a cluster of boats rocking together in the centre of a lagoon. Many others were drawn up on the beach, where both men and women were still wading ashore, as others streamed along a raised causeway into the jungle.
"Yes," Hogun said, as he waxed his fingers, then pulled Steve's short untidy beard into a semblance of Fandral's. "He could even send you on to Valhalla, on the basis that you died here."
"Yes," Steve said shortly. There had been no condemnation in Tony's comment, but no approval either.
"Didn't you ask her?"
"Then I must have done, mustn't I? Got a photo for identification from the security feed?"
Bruce looked quickly at Tony, then disappeared in the direction of the elevator.
Fury ignored that, probably as too patently obvious. "You gonna help us recover the body?" he wanted to know.
"I don't need payment, Steve. I'm a billionaire several times over. But, in fact, you repaid me by saving my life this morning, remember? And putting Whitney in a position where we can help her."
The vibranium and all of Hank's, Jan's and Bruce's equipment was loaded into the truck, then Hank and Jan took the passenger seats in Happy's cab, and Marilyn decamped into the interior with the cargo and Tony.
Steve burst out laughing. "No, that won't be necessary. Okay, let's put the Avengers back together here."
"Then we were interrupted by that Wakandan business and it took me a while to retrieve the storage media and get all our data unloaded and accessible. But we'd left all our samples behind in Oklahoma. Getting my hands on an actual Chitauri body was difficult and kinda illegal, but eventually Jarvis located and purchased one for me on the black market. Jan paid for it," he added, with an apologetic look at his partner.
"Does the FCC know you have that kind of tech?" Bruce wanted to know. "For that matter, does Fury?"
Steve shoved his hands in his pockets and stared moodily over a landscape that was as strange to him as any he had seen in the twenty-four years he had been awake. Evening was closing in, mercifully shrinking the vastness of sky and fields down to a more human scale, though the setting sun touched the blades of the ridiculously tall windmills – wind powered turbines, apparently – blood red as they turned relentlessly.
"There are some videos on the Net of Cap dating back to World War 2," Tony said. "Maybe he used those moves then. He fought with some pretty weird people." He grinned at Steve. "We ought to show them to you anyway. Maybe jog your memory. At least you'll know why we're so excited at finding you're still alive."
"Welcome back from the forties," the other man said. "You okay?"
Then a new voice said, "This is Colonel MacTavish: Commander, Travis AFB."
"Bruce wouldn't—" Steve stopped dead, his eyes on Tony's pain-creased and bloodstained face, because, while Bruce might not, the Hulk plainly would. "How badly are you hurt?"
Howard was unconcerned. "That doesn't explain the Doombot. Or that they tried to get in here without alerting us."
These dismal thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of tea – hot and sweet – and soup; consommé for Tony, borsht for Natasha, followed by noodles with chicken and vegetables. Neither felt hungry, but they knew better than to refuse the gift of food when it was needed. With the first mouthful, they suddenly realised how much they needed to eat, and wolfed the lot in record time. It was an odd meal, but it seemed to be just what they needed. Tony, who professed not to like any kind of tea, was coaxing a last half cup out of the big pot when there was a bustle at the door, and the Ancient One entered in company with a brown-skinned woman in her thirties, with her hair tied back in a long plait, and the red dot of a married Hindu woman on her forehead. She was also carrying the proverbial medic's black bag, though it was not as proverbially little.
"Yeah, I'm great."
"Yeah. Only source is Wakanda and that wasn't even known until—" Tony stopped in mid flow, because Wakanda hadn't been revealed to the world until a few years ago and – vibranium? When had that been known, been given that name? Had it been when the shield had been forged? And had Cap ever been told what his shield was composed of? "Do you remember vibranium and Wakanda?" he asked cautiously.
"Hey, we can do that, or at least start. Suppose I get some Jedi masters in to teach both of us?"
!" Tony took a deep breath, still not sure why he was shouting at Steve but unable to stop himself, even now. "And you preferred that or falling to your death to waiting for reinforcements—"
As he fought, he became aware that the ranks of the enemy were being thinned at a rate equal to his own by their new ally. He might not be as strong as Steve, but he was even faster and Steve did not recognise his technique, though he hoped he would have the chance to study it...
"I didn't mean to wake you," Tony said.
"The next item is the resignation of our CEO, Ms Viriginia Potts." Tony was not sure how he kept his voice steady, with every eye in the room on him, all curious and watching for weakness. "I received this in writing just before we convened – and that timing—"
Steve ignored this as simple distraction, folded his arms and gave Tony the benefit of his best Captain America glare. "So she's still alive. Why does she think you aren't?"
"They have security cameras in a cemetery?" Steve was horrified. "Surely we haven't been reduced to grave robbery in this century?"
A glance caught movement on the hangar roof, not a person but something straight and metal—
Even as he was thinking that, his voice said: "The element that powers the ARC reactors was—"
He also began to realise that he might have softened towards Steve too soon. But seeing him so weak and... defeated... had hurt far more than he had anticipated. He had spent the night planning how he should react to Steve... what he should say.
What the fuck? Where the hell had they come from? And how had they gotten through the tech and magic that guarded Wakanda?
"Not a secret anyone could expect to keep. Besides, Stark, someone made Rogers disappear from our systems."
"And it is plain you are telling the truth. Yet you remember how to speak English and, Tony tells me, French, German, Spanish and Italian, that he has tested. You even know a few words of Japanese.
Howard was smiling at him. "It would be a lot to take in, even if you hadn't lost your memory – temporarily, almost certainly."
"—so I got Illyana to teleport me, Scott and Hank to your house," Jean was saying in her ordinary voice. "I knew immediately you weren't there, but Tony's – hi, Tony – father was." She grinned happily at him. "He had taken refuge in your armoury because of two people trying to get in. One of them was Doctor Doom—
Seconds later, they were in the air.
"I take it you're still looking."
"At least I'm loyal to my country!"
Tony grunted and returned to his tablet.
"Take a cab if you can find one, but you'll be quicker on foot. Now, fuck it, move!"
"Not if you're still on Eastern Standard Time," Steve told him ruthlessly, steering the young man towards the door, where Danvers was waiting impatiently for it to finish opening.
"No, sir."
"Because I know how much your brothers both value you," Steve responded. "I also know the royal family of the Panther tribe does not kill unnecessarily." He leaned down and hefted suit-and-sunglasses over his shoulder.
Steve eyed her warily; this was a very different Pepper from the one who he met occasionally in the tower Penthouse. This was a focused and formidable woman.
Here, indeed, they were. Jarvis opened the doors to the house without being asked and Steve led the way through to the huge living area.
"I won't – but thanks. I owe you."
"And you didn't think to tell me until now?"
All three bots had retreated to the far side of the workshop and were making no attempt to assist him, which was probably just as well as he had already consigned them verbally to the scrap yard, a step down from his more usual threats, which they tended to ignore.
As if he was fast enough to avoid a blow from Captain America.
"So it's really not Stark tech?" Danvers said.
Howard, as Tony knew all too well, liked leaving puzzles for him to solve.
The word 'Makluan', uttered so casually by Stark, filled him with dread.
For all sorts of reasons.
Clea had introduced him as her teacher and mentor, Doctor Stephen Strange, who had looked at them all with cold, suspicious eyes, flung his cloak around Clea and vanished.
He'd buried that memory so deep that, for a moment, he didn't understand what she was talking about. But now it surged up, renewed and overwhelming, redefining his relationship with both Steve and Pepper...
Steve stepped up to the door and knocked. When that didn't work, he rapped hard on the metal shutters protecting the gatehouse's interrogation hatch.
Deliberately, he lifted his head and stared up at the bowmen on the compound walls, then his gaze moved to focus on each of the escort in turn, before finally settling on Steve, in the White Wolf suit.
"I am not certain," the Panther admitted. "I suspect that Hunter, at least, believes that if we supply them with what they want, they will leave Wakanda in peace, to continue as it has done for many centuries."
"Tony designed that 'monstrosity'," Jan put in. "Though he was little more than a kid at the time."
"It's good," Tony said. "Bye, Bruce."
"A straight answer, Pepper. Yes or no!"
"And the serum will—"
Pepper was silent for a moment, then she said, "Only partially. SHIELD asked me to help them protect Tony – right from the start that was what Phil did. I just gave them enough help to keep him alive, or to try to keep him alive. I let them know where he was, what his plans were. But I didn't betray him, Steve. I just tried to... to keep him safe. And the government off his back. He... His ego won't let him see it that way."
"Mr Stark is unhurt," Jarvis's voice said in his ear.
Automatically, Tony reached for the electronics in the workshop, the rest of the armoury and the house and found them, and Extremis, functioning perfectly.
Steve woke suddenly, gasping for breath. But there was no pain, and instead of patched sheets or thin and scratchy blankets, he was lying on material so smooth it was like a caress on his skin.
Steve's voice said, "Take a rain check?"
Tony said, "Not so bad. The Hulk, along with Jan and Hank, saved the day, but he chased our enemies into a teleportation portal, presumably right into their filthy hands. The portal was destroyed behind him. We've heard nothing since." Not quite a lie. "We had to deal with a Hulk incursion," had been too vague to make anything of it here.
"You think you might be able to reverse-engineer the serum?" Tony wouldn't ever underestimate Bruce's genius.
The numbness was wearing off now but, agonisingly, the clarity of thought remained.
"Told you," Jan's voice said and now there really was laughter in it. "If I wanted to harm you you'd both be dead or unconscious by now, but we're on your side. Whoever they are, the guys who abducted you aren't Air Force – aren't US military of any kind."
It was only then that he remembered that the whole complex had been shut down and mothballed in 1972. Whatever puzzle had been left, it hadn't been for him.
"We've kidnapped you," Tony retorted, as he zigzagged the vehicle through the gap in the outer fence towards the darkening jungle. "So you didn't break your word. Not that it seems to matter to these goons."
It was the work of a few moments for Jarvis to put a message on the laptop screen.
Steve's expression didn't change, but he began to redden and there was a significant bulge in the towel.
Tony, he suspected, had chosen it because it would seem familiar to him but instead it made him uncomfortable.
"You mean apart from the immortality and the powers," Steve said wryly.
"I'm afraid that information is not recorded in the official records."
"I can detect no more than severe bruising, some of which must be the result of his fight with War Machine, rather than his experiences in the Atlantic," Jarvis answered.
Steve didn't think he could make it back to his own bedroom, believed the only thing keeping him on his feet was Tony's grip, though it was that that was softening his muscles, melting his bones.
Then he dived, through the great waves into the calm beneath. In that darkness, Tony allowed Jarvis's dead reckoning skills to steer the armour until the AI announced that, "We are beneath the eye, sir."
T'Challa drank, and then took a seat on a stone bench, making that simple act appear as regal as taking a throne.
"Who could order that assembly?"
"You don't like the beard?" Steve asked, with a grin to cover aching disappointment.
" And now, she said, I'd started bringing home friends who were just as destructive and obsessed as I was without even asking her... I'd acquired one too many obsessions, apparently. Final straw, and all that." Tony drained the highball glass. "I knew she'd leave me eventually. Everyone does, if not always voluntarily. Where's the bottle—?" Steve caught movement out of the corner of his eye and was halfway to his feet with his shield out of its case when confronted with the sight of one of Tony's attendant robots, which seemed to consist of a metal arm on wheels, waving the whisky bottle in its ... hand? Pincers?
On the long isthmus that lay between the lakes and the ocean, the towers of a city rose about the tree line, glittering in the newly risen sun.
No longer believing that there is any hope that Steve is still alive, Tony arrives back in New York to confront more legal complexities -- and Pepper.
And suddenly so much more made sense. Astonishingly, one of the confirmed lone wolves of the Avengers, Tony Stark, liked being part of a team. So did Steve. Neither of them had family, either.
"Yeah, even I can pour Cheerios into a bowl. Off you go." Tony gave Steve a slap on the rear and made his own exit before Steve could contemplate retaliation.
An arm caught him around the waist, steadying and lifting him through the air. A deep voice asked, "Man of Iron, you are well?"
"O-kay. Reception, send them up to the Penthouse."
"Dad was home," Betty said. "We talked. I'm pretty sure he knows where Bruce is."
"Thank you. I pitched for my softball team as a kid."
According to the President's schedule, she had returned to the White House about four hours ago. Despite the late hour she was probably still working.
"He probably suspects, but I hid this one in the mud some distance from the ornithopter before reporting to him."
"Except us? I don't think so," Cap suddenly reached out and diverted a blade inches from Tony's arm as it came in from the side. "We need to get out of here. Can you fly?"
"I didn't dare," Steve told him. "Didn't dare risk your friendship. Because there was always Pepper. I have to know – is it still Pepper? Will you take her back?"
It was also empty.
"But you wouldn't."
"That's our cue, Cap," Tony said. "Stark out."
"Believe me, Thor, I don't want you to have to do that either."
"Am I allowed to know who that is?"
"I could not refuse aid to my shield brothers. But it was my mother who saved him," Thor said.
"I suppose. It was a wild couple of years. I made friends, but they were mainly with other people in the superhero game, or spies, or mutants, or mad scientists. Then Dad came back and there was an alien invasion. All of Team Iron Man's identities were outed. It had been hard enough pretending to be an adult – now I had to be one and really, really adult at that."
Tony's eyebrows shot up, probably because Steve had, almost from the beginning, been excused from following the 'don't hand me things rule' but he switched it on, and rested it on his knees as it booted.
"Meaning?" It was a long time since Tony had faced that particular gimlet state.
Steve's urge to rush towards him died.
He was cold, which might explain the shivering if not the terror that accompanied it. There was a sharp pain in his arm, then another in his chest. Human hands lifted him, moved him onto something flat, secured some kind of binding across his chest and legs, and clamped a mask to his face...
Tony had told him.
"You're not making sense, Stark."
However, during the next hour they turned up precisely nothing, so when Jarvis said, "Ms Potts is trying to contact you, sir," Tony was bored enough to welcome the lecture he suspected was coming.
"Fine. I'll feel better about facing up to His Majesty after I've used both."
"Forget the jokes, Stark," Steve snarled back. "How could the arc reactor fail?" His hands were clenching and unclenching at his sides.
Tony stared down at the envelope as if he expected it to explode.
"This it?" Tony reached for the folder she had placed on the table.
It was when the rest of them were sprawled on the sofas, chatting amiably over the remains of the frozen pizza and ice cream, that Illyana had stepped out of one of her glowing discs, followed by a whole gaggle of spandex-clad teenagers led by Summers and spoiling for a fight. It turned out that Illyana had gotten temporarily lost in space-time, otherwise they would have been here much earlier.
Then he was engulfed in fog reddened by fire. Twisting in the air, he tucked himself into a ball. If he had managed to clear the strip of garden, the lake would be below him...
But Iron Man's repulsors flared, throwing him backwards and blasting the egg – crystal, stone, whatever – into the sea, even as he heard the distinctive whine of the firing gun.
"Unless you pose a danger to my students I will never read your mind without your permission. In fact, the most difficult thing about being a telepath is keeping out intrusive thought. Which is why Jean did not offer to shake hands: touch is difficult for telepaths, and she is not fully trained. Now, sit down and relax. Do you mind Jean and Scott being here? Jean will observe and monitor our exchange."
"You have to understand how much SHIELD has invested in Cap. They spent millions finding him—"
An hour passed and he still had not made a decision, did not have a plan of action.
"You lost a lot of blood. That odd metabolism of yours is probably the only reason you're still alive," Stark told him. "Well, that and how close we were to the Tower, and my flying speed, naturally, not to mention the sealant I've been playing with that I used to close that wound and stop the bleeding. Half an inch closer and it would have sliced into your spine. Add a few upward inches to that and you might have been de-Cap-itated and would you for fuck's sake lie down before you fall down and I have to go get the suit to move you
"Actually, you were the one who set me on the right track, Tony. Way back when, you suggested that the Chitauri themselves might be weaponry. The so-called Leviathans have far more processing power – more brain, in layman's terms, though the semi-organic silicon 'neurones' are spread throughout its body – than is needed to control that body. They receive and broadcast both information and power – don't ask me how, but that is what they seem to do.
That night, in bed with Tony's head resting on his shoulder as the other man fiddled with a tablet, he raised the subject again.
So, when Jarvis announced that Clint Barton was calling from the Stark Tower, Tony felt nothing but relief.
Surprised once again at his own stamina – because he certainly didn't work out – Tony circled round the back of the cabin and entered through the kitchen door.
Tony caught his breath, and sauntered towards the bar. "Did you always look like that?" he asked Carter, repeating Steve's question from that first meeting under the super cell, with the hail clattering about them.  He poured himself a large Scotch and waited for the answer.
Steve was looking helplessly at Tony, mouthing, "Why?" at him.
Tony reached across the bed, wanting to confirm those memories.
?" Steve snarled.
Tony's heart froze. He had not expected this. Though perhaps he should have, because Pepper knew him so well. How much did she know? Or guess? How much
"Hey, that was nothing to do with my driving! Vanko, remember. Force whips."
"Are you in danger?" Natasha asked. "If so, are you returning to New York or do you want back-up out there?"
But Tony was laughing so hard that he couldn't even attempt to reply. Instead, he leaned against the solidity that was Steve to hold himself upright as his body shook with mirth. And he'd infected Steve, who couldn't have understood either joke, because he was laughing too.
It almost made everything worth it.
"Have you traced their origins?" Tony asked.
"There isn't anyone else," Steve insisted, but there was no enthusiasm in his voice. "No one else cares about Bucky."
He thought he'd known what was right. "A good man," Erskine had said and he'd clung to the words, seen himself as the hero. That belief had been swept away by Tony's tirade.
He remembered Mallen, a glowing, zombie-like creature at the end of SHIELD's last failed super-soldier experiment. Not to mention the Mandroids, made by Justin Hammer from the tech he had stolen, purchased and still used by Fury, who knew all of that.
Swallowing a comment about mixed metaphors, Tony said, "So they set that booby trap in his apartment."
Tony grinned and took a sip of the excellent Bourbon. "He would probably have tasered me, but the Avengers owe him. Not that we were close, but the two Avengers who knew him better than anyone and the one he was trying to save can't be here, so I guess I'm it – the team rep, whatever. Are you family?"
A tall figure detached itself from the main group of SHIELD agents and began striding towards them, cell pressed to his ear.
Those possibilities had simply not occurred to Tony. Surely there was no one who had ever met Steve who didn't want to see him again? He was set back on his heels, but only for a moment. "In that case we tell Steve she's confirmed dead..."
Bruce and Tony looked at each other. Though Tony saw little more than a pale blur where Bruce's face should be, he didn't need to read his expression. He grabbed for the passenger door of the SUV as Bruce circled to the driver's side.
"You don't have to be here," Tony continued. Then, when Steve didn't answer: "Steve, I know you said you needed company, but I won't be offended if you go back to your own suite."
Not that he had really expected anything to happen.
"Okay. I'll do the talking, you make me sound like the one-eyed monster-cyclops thing."
"No, I'm still working on that. Dad's supposed to be suspended and under investigation but no one seems to know where he is. But this is something else. I told Jan because Hank— No, let me start from the beginning." She paused for a moment, plainly collecting her thoughts. "When Jan and Hank moved out of their Culver laboratory early this year, it was because they thought it wasn't secure."
"There's always someone looking to buy the leases on the private dining rooms."
"If you say so!" Steve yelled back. Then, "Left! Left! He's on your tail!"
The elevator hummed and jerked slightly, pressing against their feet as it picked up speed. A glowing line besides the buttons showed how far they had ascended.
"You do realise that Tony's probably sleeping in the armour? He said he was going to do that on the way back from Wakanda – though at that point he was hyper from some sort of stimulant King T'Challa had given him. Not personally, I mean, but authorised the local physicians to administer."
Steve did as he was told, clinging to the armour as it rose again from the surface. The amplified Iron Man voice boomed out across the bay. "Evacuate the area! Possible explosion! Evacuate the area!" even as he rocketed towards the shore, the limp pilot dangling from one hand and Captain America a limpet on his back.
"And if they'd come for you somewhere else? Some other workplace? Sure, you might have been able to take them out, but would you have even
"That timing means that I have neither accepted nor rejected it," Tony continued.
. Everything was in its place, tidy, locked away, ready for use but not without a bit of recommissioning.
Tony was unfazed, his eyes still on the tablet, fingers flying over virtual keys. "I sank her most potent weapon, she sank me in return," he said offhandedly. "But she was already in flight and didn't stop to make sure. We both got away. Pretty much a draw."
"Was the armour damaged?"
"Bruce was there?"
"There's a different god you have to thank," Tony said, nodding towards Thor.
"Good. Then line up the info the Widow and Clint sent us, with printouts for Steve. And alert Marilyn that she isn't going home for a while..."
And he had kept his reasons from the Board, and from Happy, to protect
one of my skills."
He leaped after him, snatching at his arm. "Hey, look at me when I'm yelling at—"
"Fuck," he muttered, keeping it low in case Okoye heard him.
"Uh-uh," Tony said, with what sounded very much like relief. He tapped the arc reactor. "Not enough lung capacity."
"It could just have been mislaid," Storm protested.
"I told you SHIELD was leaking like the
"So, what can I do for you, William Tell?"
His answer was instinctive. "That's impossible."
"The DNA analysis should settle that."
"Fuck that.
Tony snorted. "That's pretty much how I landed in this mess in the first place, letting her think. And how the hell did Mrs Arbogast know about Pepper anyway? No, no, they're as thick as thieves – of course Pep told her, if only to make my life more difficult." Tony ran both hands through his hair. "Damn, damn, I was never any good as CEO. I need to appoint someone, at least temporarily." His mind was skittering over names and not finding anyone suitable. Fuck it, he'd left everything to Pepper and now...
"It won't keep it away from the human eye," Steve pointed out.
Scratch that. Steve had simply reached across, found the edge of the hidden compartment, and wrenched it free, throwing it out of the car before, pulling out the Stark Special pistol and cocking it. "Get us off this road!"
The road wound North into the Santa Monica mountains, their slopes brown with bare earth and sun-scorched grass and scrub, then took what was plainly a private road running up a steep wooded valley – arroyo, was it? Though narrow and hugging a slope rising steeply to the right, while on the left the ground fell over twenty feet into a rock littered dry creek bed, this road was better surfaced than the public one on which they had previously been travelling.
"Have you located Thor?" he asked.
"Jarvis," he said, "you found any footage that throws light on Grand Theft A'tuin?"
"I'm in," she said. "And I'll tell you one thing, fellas: Storm didn't kidnap the VIP. She's just a kid but she's free and carrying a handgun and one of those weapons we saw back in Wakanda. Storm's got the same. Probably don't realise the funny-guns are keyed to one person and pretty much useless."
"Something about Coulson's funeral. About Clint and Natasha not being there."
"Jarvis, beach lights on. Open the door to the beach and send the elevator down, but hold it just above the lobby."
"Of sorts," Steve said dryly. "How come you were here to meet us?"
Peggy Carter's great-niece." Carter sounded almost forlorn.
"I don't know how to thank you," Steve told her one day. "To be honest, I've no idea why you should risk your husband's anger for me."
Tony's eyes met Bruce's. "What is Jan getting herself into?"
"—from the—"
"I was hoping you'd sleep for a while longer."
Steve pulled a face. "I'd rather face his anger than hers."
"That Hank and Jan and I are going to have to rework the whole of organic chemistry."
Within an hour, when the Panther lifted the cloak, there was almost no change in the light levels, and the sky was uniformly dark. It seemed to be the signal for him to send the flier racing across the billowing surface of the forest trees.
"Sorry," Tony said, without any hint of repentance. "I had other business, but I'm glad you called. Please thank your minions on the way they dealt with the little burst of misinformation last night."
Tony just had time to wonder if it was made of the same material as the spearhead and, if so, where he could get his hands on some, before the man he had downed first began climbing to his feet. A short burst from the gun sent him back to the ground.
But there had been Pepper.
It was not the right place for him to stop feeling so alone, so lost in this new century.
Bruce's was suspicious. "Why? What do you know I don't?"
"SHIELD didn't tell me that."
"Not a hornet? Or yellowjacket?"
"Can I go home now?" Tony asked plaintively.
"Thank you, sir." The AI's mild tone somehow dripped acid.
"You'd have a hard time proving that," Tony retorted. "And he's not a scientist – he's no use to you here and he needs to be useful."
he asked himself.
"Hi." Tony slid an arm round Steve's shoulders and leaned against him so that he shared his view of the displays; there was a map of the North American continent overhead, covered in tiny coloured lights, and, surrounding it, satellite views of unidentifiable forest and desert and mountains, Facebook pages, rows of tweets, muddy videos, blurred photographs, and messily designed digital newspages.
"Didn't," Steve said. "It's you and me, not you
Steve's chin went up. "Thor, welcome back – and thank you."
He wondered if he should offer to upgrade these, given the number of backdoors and general hole-iness his AI had discovered.
"You're going too fast, Tony," Pepper said. "You could come close to ruining the US economy—"
"I think he has higher priorities," Steve retorted, as he followed her.
"You don't think that's SHIELD?"
It was too much to think about. He needed coffee to boot his brain. Then, he was sure, it would all be simple once again.
"I can. And will."
Tony dropped to his knees, shield held over his head, sliding downslope as blood, metal and scorched flesh rained down on him.
Suddenly, all was quiet, save for the occasional pseudo-camera noise of the odd cell or tablet. Even the traffic was quiet, engines stalled or turned off. The police sirens were still at the very edge of hearing deadened by noise of the shot.
"And I told you it didn't make a difference. Why do you think Jarvis and I had this set up? We suspected the Avengers would attract the wrong kind of attention. That room – built to hold anything up to the Hulk, with Bruce's advice – was the first thing I put in when we started rebuilding. I don't know what this bunch want from you, Cap, but after the eStarkStore incident it's clear
"Stuff and nonsense," Volstagg boomed. "I am as quiet as a cat."
Tony's refusal to be honest with him had destroyed Steve's confidence in the strength of their newly forged relationship—  if, indeed, Tony even thought of it as a relationship.
Tony sat up abruptly, pain lancing through his head, and throwing constricting bands around his chest. "Fuck, fuck, fuck..."
"Should I tell him what is happening, sir?"
Steve's jaw was set, his expression one of familiar stubbornness. "I was sure Bucky was in control. I know him. He's my oldest friend. My best friend. He saved me countless times before... before Rebirth, and after. He said he'd be with me until the end of the line. I had to do the same for him."
Ignoring that internal voice, he said, "But Hank is going to be grateful."
"Precisely, but if we wait for politicians to do what's right for the long term but damaging in the short term we'll wait forever."
Howard grinned. "None as good as Ms Rhodes."
The plane had landed and was taxiing across the bumpy tarmac towards the boarded-up terminal when, Steve, peering out of the window with a look of nostalgia on his face, announced that, "Looks like there's a welcoming committee."
Tony air kissed both her cheeks. "I've been busy, not ill. I'm based in New York, now."
"How dare you speak for him!" Shuri snarled.
"You have the knack of being the entire continent away when I need you," Natasha said. "Reception tells me that there is a visitor in the lobby who says you invited him to drop in any time for a drink."
Tony took his hands out of his pockets, just in case anyone thought he might have a weapon concealed about his person, plastered a patented Tony Stark shit-eating smile on his face and strolled over towards them. "Sorry, guys," he announced into the silence. "Not impressed. For that you'd need bigger guns. Much, much bigger guns. Or missiles."
"They're good," Bruce said. "She manages him, he puts the brakes on her impulsiveness. And he really didn't mean to offend you, Tony. Not all talk of building weapons is a reference to your past."
"I'd advise against it," Natasha said.
"Tony'll give me a lift," Steve answered, with a smile he tried hard not to make sly.
It was the presence of someone else, someone familiar, that Tony noticed first. Until then he had floated, content, in the strange orange light; now, though, the light shifted colour, more yellow than red. Suddenly, he was reading patterns; emotion, algorithms... thoughts...
"I don't know," Tony admitted. "Loki's the magician, but Thor's attuned to the hammer."
Steve shook his head in disbelief. "A telepath?"
"Are you still angry with me?" he asked suddenly.
Knowing Steve would back Bruce didn't help Tony's temper.
"Yeah."
Howard grinned at him, making no move to follow his order. "He's a robot that thinks it isn't. All of them think they're Von Doo– wait, Whitney's coming round! Don't let her get the mask!"
But he could have sworn it had been failing, out there in the ocean.
Pepper had shed the Rescue armour. Now she turned to Tony as he sauntered into the armoury, trying to disguise his nervousness. Her expression was both apprehensive and determined.
After that, things happened almost too fast to follow.
The aircraft – and it was certainly one of the oddest aircraft that Steve had ever seen – rolled on its side, the rotors ploughing up the ground before they came free and spun away. One struck the wall and broke apart, metal shards flying in all directions, ricocheting off Steve's shield. That probably made a hell of a noise but even crouched behind it he could not distinguish the ringing tones of vibranium steel from the deafening clamour of the crash.
Well, at least it was better than, "He's dead."
"I can hear them clearly now," Hank said. "Think they're preparing the lasers for firing."
The man in white spoke two words, and N'kendi, to put it bluntly, fled.
Well, at least then he wouldn't have to face the fact that he was on a team with a Norse god, Steve decided wryly. Call Thor Odinson an alien if you liked, but he had intrinsic powers beyond that of any human, was able to command the storm, wielded a hammer called 'Mjolnir', had a father called Odin, a mother called Frigga, an (adopted) brother called Loki and was, apparently, over a thousand years old, yet still considered himself young and relatively untried.
"What's that doing here?" Steve demanded, remembering Tony's words.
"Oooh. Touchy. Well, I got into the computer in General Ross's office and downloaded the hard drive and whatever was stored in the Cloud. I must say your personal toys are even better than those you put on the market, Mr Billionaire Genius. The data is encrypted and probably crammed with viruses – virii? – so I figured I'd better consult you before accessing it."
"I dunno. Something to do with me holding an Infinity Gauntlet when I, you know, died."
Except that the warriors formed only a small part of crowd. Behind their thin line were men in striped robes, white calf-length trousers, or stripped to a loincloth, some covered in mud as if they had just come from the fields, and women in brightly patterned shifts or white culottes, and even a few people in lab coats or western suits.
Tony groaned. "Not sure I can get out of bed, let alone walk. No, it's okay. Just a little stiff. No, no, I mean my muscles are stiff, though the other might be true with a bit of encouragement from you, and not so little..."
"I'm sorry," he said. Normally he would have added that if Tony wanted to talk he was here to listen, but Tony was incapable of remaining silent in company, so he just drained his mug, wincing at the taste, and helped himself to more whisky, moving the bottle out of Tony's reach as he did so. He, at least, could not get drunk.
"Is there anything else?"
Steve wasn't in uniform, but his shield was slung over his shoulders.
Illyana suddenly lifted her head. "Someone comes," she said, in a voice that held more than a trace of a Russian accent.
Steve, even protected by the Iron Man armour, was tossed through the air as the Doombot's head separated from its body, but Tony and Clea continued the attack until there was nothing left of the robot's body but metal shards, burnt out electronics, and what looked, and smelled, like grilled meat.
"The way he tells it, you trusted Stephen Strange," Tony retorted. "I made
Steve hesitated and, for a moment, Tony was sure he had totally blown it, but the idea of being warm and clean as well as fed was plainly irresistible. Steve took Tony's hand and allowed himself to be hauled to his feet, and then up a short flight of steps.
When he returned to the kitchen he found Pepper, now clad in shorts even shorter than her skirt had been, a Stark Industries t-shirt and a chef's apron, checking the temperature of the deep fat fryer. Suddenly, she looked much younger and light-hearted, though still as efficient.
"Lose him in this traffic?" Steve asked, in an appalled voice, as the SUV jerked forward right into the path of another yellow cab trying to force its way in from the right.
"I'm on the Tower helipad waiting for a SHIELD chopper. I've had a message from Fury. Apparently there's some sort of incident over in Queens. He's lost touch with Hawkeye and the Widow."
"Perfectly secure." Tony was now watching her with interest.
"Why should you think you're welcome here?" Steve retorted.
And Tony fought him, struggling even before his face had cleared the water, and yelling, "What the fuck?" as soon as there was air in his lungs.
"And do we have a voice synth for Fury? Do you have enough data?"
"The serum," Tony said. "The serum. Shit, Steve, have you been getting enough food?"
"I know." Tony took a deep breath. "I know. Let's get you to a doctor all the same."
Steve chuckled. "So you replaced it in red." Encouraged by these confidences, he said, "You've mentioned an 'Obie' before. I presume that was Obadiah Stane. He was your father's partner, wasn't he? Died in an air crash around the time you were creating Iron Man?"
The outer compound was deserted, save for a vehicle hovering a foot or two above the ground and a black clad man standing a few yards in front of it, a darker shadow in the fading light.
Steve pressed his face into the curve of Tony's neck, drinking in his warmth, his scent, and the pulse-beat – so fast – against his cheek. He was beginning to remember why he should pull back, say something, make a joke out of it... but maybe he was dreaming again – he must be, surely – and letting go of the dream was as hard as letting go of Tony.
"And the army listed you as Missing in Action, then dead."
It hadn't worked.
"Jarvis," Iron Man said as he rose into the air. "Plot me a path back to the road that I can repulsor clear of such inconveniences as trees, steering well away from the portal. And bring up the stealth suit to help."
Steve looked down at the things in his hands without seeing them, shoved them into his pockets, and headed out of the door.
"Did you and Hank make this?" Steve asked, in admiration. "The workmanship is incredible."
"Well, that can be remedied right now." A hand cupped Steve's chin, lifting his head and pulling him up without any resistance. Then Tony's mouth was on his, soft and undemanding, until Steve began to kiss him back, at which point it became the exact opposite.
"Got it, boss!" Seconds later, Jan was gone in a whir of wings.
Tony groaned and heaved himself to his feet. "Okay. A quick shower, then we'll go look."
So Steve was mad enough to forget what century he was in. Good. "Don't I? Tell me I'm wrong, Rogers. Tell me Wilson hasn't said much the same thing?" He waited, balanced on the balls of his feet, ready to duck if Steve tried to hit him.
The instant Steve's hand had closed on the armour's shoulder he felt the metal remould itself around his fingers. As Iron Man rose into the air, a hatch, less than an inch across, opened in the shoulder plate and a stalk emerged, the bulge at its end unfolding like a flower over Steve's face, as thin and light as paper, transparent over the eyes, protecting him from the battering of the wind and easing the difficulty of breathing as the armour accelerated.
"New York," Steve said. "Philadelphia. Washington. Boston. Airports closed. Planes grounded. Power out. Water and sewerage out. All emergency services struggling to cope. National Guard called in. Military mobilisation."
"Is that really possible?" Steve asked, at the same moment.
For a second he considered yelling, "No, damn it!" but, hey, that was actual sympathy. Wow.
"War Machine, yes. But it wasn't Rhodes. It was a guy called Brennan. Major Jim G. Brennan."
just made him laugh harder.
Instantly, he ordered the nanites to form a shield to block her—
He'd been right; bursting in wearing the armour would have resulted in too many civilian casualties. As it was he had walked right into the sights of a woman in combat gear covering the elevator bank, though she had enough discipline not to fire. Another was watching the doors.
. Knew ... shrinking Hulk was ... bad idea."
"Come home and find out."
he noted as he ran on.
"Some of them," Fury muttered.
He was on the floor of the penthouse in Avengers – no, once again Stark – Tower, cradled against Tony's chest, a gentle hand stroking his hair. And that hand... Tony's hand... was trembling?
she know? "What about Steve?" he asked, his voice as flat as Iron Man's, and as dangerous.
The figure made its way to the window, where it hesitated, then pulled one of the drapes a few inches to one side and peered out.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. She hadn't run fast enough. If she had run at all.
"Maybe you should," Natasha said, in a neutral voice.
Jan rolled her eyes while 'Helen of Troy' grinned at them both and said, "Jan, aren't you going to introduce us?"
"I was afraid you'd say that. It's what I figure too. Fucking vampires."
Tony thought, with a touch of hysteria.
"At a guess, the serum," Howard said.
It wasn't really a change of subject, and it irritated Tony more than it should have done. "We're getting along fine," he said sharply. "Bringing him up to speed on the modern world; man has a lot to catch up with."
"Pair?" Tony asked, though he was certain he knew.
It was a touch that sent the ghosts back into the darkness.
"Deputy Director Hill arrived with Ms Potts, sir," Jarvis intoned. "Did you wish me to deny them both entry?"
"No, no, before that," Stark interrupted. "Frozen sleep. Remember when you crashed into the ice? The serum kept you alive. For seventy years. You're in the early part of the twenty-first century. That's why the tech is more advanced than you remember it—"
In the personal darkness that followed, he felt himself grabbed from the rear, only it wasn't flesh that was snatched but his tee shirt as he was hauled into the air.
The flames on the gutted car were dying, allowing Tony to see that the trunk had snapped open on impact. If Cap's shield was still in there it would be intact, but too hot to handle.
"What's that background clatter?" his caller demanded.
"Don't suppose for one moment that buys you any favours."
"Why should we believe you?" This was another voice: a woman's, with an odd accent that was, on the surface, English university with a slight French intonation, yet underlying that something both strange and familiar.
Emergency vehicles were still racing to the scene, so Iron Man intercepted an ambulance, offloaded the unconscious ornithopter pilot with instructions to call the cops, and took off again, with Steve still clinging to his back.
"It was your idea to use me as a distraction," Steve pointed out. "And you've patched up worse injuries to my back."
Admit it, he lectured himself. It's not because she's Stark Industries CEO, it's because she's Tony's girl, and you're not at all sure if she trusts you. And you suspect that, if she decides she doesn't want you here, Tony will go along with her.
"The private pool, sir."
"Of course. Last night he was too tired to communicate in anything but grunts. This morning— Well, I wouldn't be asking you if I'd gotten anything coherent out of him before he disappeared, apparently into a meeting he'd normally avoid if at all possible. What he did say was that I am not to allow Jim back into the Tower. Which is ridiculous because Jim has the override codes to Tony's workshop as well as the penthouse."
They were silent as they surged about the warrior, following him out of the doors which closed as silently behind him, cutting off the sunlight, though the room was little darker. For the life of him, Tony could not figure out where the light was coming from.
"Got in the way."
Of those present, about half were already seated in the circle of leather and tapestry armchairs, but now the others quickly took seats, leaving a blue chaise free.
The Ancient One led them to it, gestured for them to sit, and faced the company.
"Ho! Hogun!" The voice was Thor's.
"Any idea who that was, yet?" Natasha asked.
"If I was going to sleep I would've gone with the others. Better beds," Tony answered, lifting his head, but making no move to back out of Steve's embrace. "There's something I – we – have to do first."
"Ms Potts," Hill said, "was
But, in fact, a woman appeared through the portal and strode towards the battlesuited men. The ones who had been seated leaped to their feet and the whole group stiffened to attention.
She hadn't. Indeed, one of the men was now lying still beside the SUV. The other was struggling to hold onto the woman who broke free using a classic defensive move.
"Has it been years? Centuries?"
One of the older men snorted. "We're test crew, To— Mr Stark. It can't be much more dangerous than flying your unknown tech for the first time."
At first under the darkness of the smoke, then in the darkness of evening, Steve worked side by side with the rescue teams.
"Jarvis, repeat the briefing you gave me twenty minutes ago," Tony ordered, though he really did not want to listen to it again. Instead, he helped himself to coffee and bagels and listened with half an ear as Jarvis recounted the events that had led to the departure of Jan and Steve from Malibu, and their eventual arrival at Travis airbase.
There was an abrupt silence, then Tony lowered his eyelashes and looked at Steve from under them. "Well, not to Stark Industries, at any rate," he purred.
As Tony stepped forward to greet the pair of ambassadors he deliberately donned his public persona instead of the tux he wasn't wearing. Unfortunately, his always wayward imagination immediately dubbed his visitors 'Laurel and Hardy'. One was tall enough to make Thor look, if not small, at least average, but straight and lean, wearing a tuxedo of surpassing quality, while the other was short and rotund and wore white robes and an embroidered cap.
During their early days in the cabin Steve had discovered he loved watching Tony work. More importantly, he knew that once his friend was engaged in research or design, or had a problem to solve, everything else would be pushed into the background. Right now seemed a good time to encourage him to pick up his tablet again.
"Of course you could, after you'd taken it to bits. Which you're not going to so until my hearing is back. And after you've had some sleep."
"Did I ever?"
"Secure signal from Stark Tower," Bruce said, his eyebrows up as he looked at Tony.
Betty said: "You're thinking of my father."
"I'm sure there's something important I've forgotten," Tony said, "but everything seems to be there."
"So  all we can do now is wait," Steve said, as Clint's face collapsed into an instant of static, then disappeared.
"Nope. I can go on for hours, days, weeks, months. Sleep is for the weak."
"How far, Jarvis?"
"Hope you're right. Take care, buddy."
Thor skidded to a halt at its heart, shouting for something or someone called 'Heimdall'.
"She didn't ask. No, no, Steve, I'm not answering you either. So tell me, what happened to you in Asgard?"
Tony recognised, within that blaze of light, a terrifyingly familiar shape. His eyes sought his father's and saw a similar recognition.
"Ignore them!" Steve shouted back.
Steve took a few steps towards Xavier, noticing that neither of them was leaving footprints on the sand.
Steve ignored that as irrelevant. "Can we get behind the temple? Maybe onto the roof?"
Now she was lifting her head, and no one could mistake the metal that encased her arms for anything but weaponry...
It will also hide your bruises, Steve thought, but didn't comment. If it came to the point he was on Tony's side, and always would be. Not that he would blame Pepper for yelling – he only wished he had the right to do it himself.
It was perhaps the only thing he could have said that would have given Tony pause. He said, "Steve's doin' okay."
Yeah. Stuff that could disable his shields and cut his armour to ribbons – in an eStarkStore. Concentrate on what Cap – Steve – needed to know. "The edges of the blades are only a molecule or so thick. That's—"
"I need you here," Thor said firmly. "To be the calm head and to keep my friends and my mother safe. Now, go, while you have time."
Not to Tony, though, because the HUD contact looked more like War Machine than any of the other contacts.
Pepper was going to be so pissed.
"Would you say that was over Long Island Sound?" one of the pilots asked.
in this matter." T'Challa rose to his feet. "There are camp beds and blankets. Sleep while you can."
"No one 'allows' me to do anything, Stark. I made that choice."
"No. Don't take risks."
Tony wasn't going to answer that one. He was just going to lie in Steve's arms and listen to his voice.
Tony lays a trap and falls into one.  The results of laying the trap are far more disturbing.
"Or of my council, yes. But you also need to 'take a hard look', in your case, at your staff. The information that you were using vibranium came from somewhere."
Jan nodded. "But he and Thor have succeeded?"
Which was something else that it was difficult to believe; that someone could be identified from their
"So, of course," Tony said, with a resigned sigh, "she went directly to Fury."
he wondered hazily.
It was Jarvis, who knew better, who interrupted his train of thought.
Steve wondered what would have happened if Tony hadn't found him, if Howard had turned him away. It would have been horrible for him, but better for both of them. "Thank you," he said. "I'm not sure I'll ever be in a position to repay you."
"Under UN supervision. Under International and US law. Under a series of checks and balances, just like in the good old US constitution. You think Stark Industries can do what it likes? That there isn't government oversight of all our operations? That Pepper and I can just flout the law? I'm used to operating within those restrictions, though I may bend them at times. Tell me, what makes you different from us and from every other citizen, from each elected and appointed official in this country?"
"Boys!" Jean said. "Stop arguing. It worked. We're all alive. Be thankful."
"Thank you," he said, in a voice that sounded much stronger even to himself. He took a firm hold of the goblet and the other man relinquished it as soon as he was sure of Steve's grip and used the now freed hand to insert pillows between Steve's back and the bed head.
His last words were almost lost as the truck engine roared to life.
Steve lingered, straining to hear what was being said. So did Shuri.
Steve winced. "Is it that obvious?"
Tony shook his head. "Boy, I never thought you were delusional. What happened to that eidetic memory? I've lost count of how many times I've hurt you – you make me so angry, sometimes. I hurt you last night. Thor took me to task for it. Gently, but, yeah, he did."
South... South lay Oklahoma, more land like this, but it was also where Bruce was located and, tempting as it was to join him, to build on a tentative friendship to replace at least one of those he had lost, he knew he must not put him in danger.
"I haven't done anything to Pepper." Tony was instinctively defensive. "I left her with Fury. She's going to look for Cap's body for him." He was trying to sound as if he didn't care about this betrayal (except Pepper had no way of knowing it was betrayal) but was pretty sure Howard was aware of the deception. "Which reminds me, we need to cancel this movie party."
Tony snorted. "Fury thinks he owns everyone. It's about time he learned otherwise and, boy, am I going to enjoy teaching him." He suddenly saw a possible yawning chasm in his plans. "Steve, tell me you didn't sign a contract with SHIELD."
The hatchway to the lab was open.
"Then quit acting as if you are," he snapped back. "Stop believing that you are always right. Trust me, Rogers, I've been there, done that, printed the T-shirt. But it didn't last. If nothing else, I had Pepper and Rhodey – and you – to remind me I was just a rich genius jerk. But your legend, as the embodiment of the American Dream – God help me, we all believed in that. I did, Wilson certainly did, even Ant-Man – who I understand has been grounded so hard by Henry Pym that he's in concrete up to his balls – and everyone else who fought on your side
"Which does not answer my question. As to yours, yes, we have something, but it will cost you physically."
"I wish Bruce believed that," Dr Ross said wryly, "but, anyway, I understand from him that Tony prefers tall blondes."
"... not your fault..."
Jan shuddered elaborately. "So eighties, darling. Cutie over there took him down." She nodded to where Okoye was crouched beside T'Challa, who was sitting on the steps of the temple." She was speaking urgently to him in Wakandan but he did not seem to hear her.
And she was, standing with Fury on one side and Diane, the ex-girlfriend cellist, on the other, hands folded discreetly, apparently listening to every word that fell from the priest's lips. There were a lot of them.
A fire smouldered in a pit in the centre of the room, surrounded by statues of some kind of sleeping animal. Then one of the warriors clapped his hands, and those statues leaped to their feet, revealing themselves to be dogs, bigger than mastiffs, but lithe and powerful, and seeming night black in the room's dimness.
Tony glared at him. "Because it's affecting us right now. It insisted I bring it here with me and I'm certain it's what's been calling us back here to the cabin. Maybe it even has something to do with our... relationship."
"He kidnapped some VIP chick and they're holed up in one of my hangars."
don't cry." Because if you cry I'm going to say or do something that'll send you running in panic and I can't...
"I'm always careful, Steve-o."
"You can tell Fury I'm wise to his little tricks." Steve obviously felt he had plumbed the depths of Fury's duplicity and Tony hoped he was right. He suspected that this had been the woman who had been instructed to impersonate Peggy on the phone – and then turn up in person, pretending to be some sort of relative – this Sharon person, presumably. Only Steve hadn't called her. Was that why Fury had called Steve, and only Steve here, so he could form a connection with her? Only it seemed it hadn't worked, Tony thought smugly, as, ignoring the woman, Captain America turned to Iron Man.
"I am not taking their side." It was Pepper Potts' voice. "I am trying to avoid a faceoff between Stark Industries and the US government, not to mention you and the Board."
me. Attempted to control me."
"Got it in one. The Chitauri tech is also composed of previously unknown elements and compounds that simply should not exist. What's more, we analysed the contents of your 'bomb' from the pterathopter craft, and guess what?"
"No! This is all a lie." Steve flung the letter on the workbench. "Read it if you want, Tony. Then get rid of it. Please." He turned on his heel and stalked out of the room.
"It'll come," Steve said, reassuringly. "All you need is a few hours sleep, let your brain sort it out by itself. Maybe if we went upstairs and used that bed..."
"I'd bet it's already vanished."
Steve was already kneeling beside the man in the floor, feeling for a pulse in his neck. It was strong and steady, if a little slow.
Through the settling dust, the Hulk turned to look at them. There was nothing of the wild humour Steve remembered so well in that look; just anger and pain and a frightening lack of intelligence. Bruce's lab coat had fallen in tatters from the massively muscled shoulders, and his pants had split at the waist and were now pooled about his feet.
Steve sat down on the marble steps and listened as the music grew more complex, Tony frowning in concentration. Steve had thought he knew jazz, but this was different, sparer and often puzzling. One more thing that had changed while he had been frozen in the ice. He wasn't sure yet if he liked it or not...
Natasha cleared her throat. "And that's another thing. It was bad enough when the Avengers Initiative was under the control of SHIELD – and Defence already hated losing control of
"Who," asked Steve, "is Ann-Marie?"
"That's my Watson, er – Jarvis. How close are the manufacturing bots to completing the repulsor powered transport modules?"
"She doesn't speak English?"
Overwhelming and gone in an instant, leaving a vast emptiness, a yearning...
"Steve! Steve, can you hear me?" Tony's voice was urgent, shaking in fear. "Please wake up. What the hell is wrong with you?"
"Has she gone crazy?" Danvers hissed at Steve.
"Mine too – but looks like you're gonna have to restock."
He had had every intention of following at Stark's heels, but, instead, was inexplicably drawn towards the workbenches.
She was probably going to kill him anyway when she heard about this morning's debacle.
"Fine now, Thor."
It was a challenge that Tony was determined to win, even though he kept slipping into a state of half-dream, until the bed dipped and a powerful arm fell across his shoulders. He snuggled close to Steve, reassured by warm skin and familiar scent and the knowledge that Steve's anger had been dissipated, and his questions diverted; Tony let himself sleep.
"You'd think," Iron Man said to the room at large, as Tony ignored the sinking feeling in his stomach and the pounding of his heart, "that after all this time Doom might have programmed a few more words into his robots' vocabulary. Still, like creator, like robot."
"Say the magic word," he suggested.
"You need your sleep," Tony said. "Don't fuss about it. A few more days and you'll be fighting fit."
And he hadn't had time to sulk properly in the workshop before Mrs Arbogast had called with the news the SI jet Pepper had been using had developed an engine fault and had had to return to O'Hare before it was twenty minutes into its flight to a meeting with EU finance ministers in a castle somewhere in the Bavarian alps.
"Yeah, I guess." Steve was trying to sound positive; one or both of them had succeeded but that didn't mean that either was still alive.
"Not to climb into Richards' spacecraft she wasn't!" Tony retorted. "I don't know what this is about, Betty, but it worries me. Don't talk about this beyond Jan and Hank."
"Okay, Jarvis," he whispered, the nano-microphone against his throat picking up the words. "Let's show 'em what we can do, just the way we discussed."
It was cold down there. Even colder than here, unless he was falling more quickly than he had calculated.
Hank chuckled. "He's gone to sleep. Can't you hear him snoring...?"
There was a long pause. Steve could imagine Tony glaring at a woman who, in his imagination, was a cross between Bette Davis and Rosalind Russell. Then Tony said, more quietly, "The ARC technology is far more important than either of us, Pep, or Stark Industries profits."
Okoye was waiting for Steve in the trees. She signalled for him to follow her and they made their way on through the jungle with painful slowness. Eventually Okoye parted a particularly thick clump of undergrowth and before them was a one of the strangest scenes Steve had ever encountered.
"So you're acting as their lackey right now?" he spat.
He was right. "Have you caught a cold, Nat?" Tony shot back. "Or has your voice broken?"
"SSR bigwig, but that was after Steve took his icy dip, of course. Previous to that, his ... girlfriend? Sweetheart?" Tony wriggled his eyebrows questioningly at Steve, hoping to make him laugh.
"Ms Potts has been attempting to call Captain Rogers on his cell since she left the building," Jarvis said, and the room was suddenly quiet. "It is, of course, going straight to voice mail. She has left both a message and a text asking him to call her urgently."
The President remained remarkably quiet on the subject, though with an election approaching she would soon have to break her silence.
"I – am – not – dead. And as soon as we end this call I'm going to contact my PR and Legal Departments to make that damn clear to the internets. God knows what it's done to Stark Industries stock price – and with it the DOW. I may sue."
"Go on," Steve said, giving him a gentle push. "Take those clothes to the girls. Once I find my shoes I'll head for the kitchen and see what we can do about lunch."
Pepper was staring at him with an odd expression and, oh, fuck it, the truth gas or whatever it was must still be affecting him, and had he said that aloud?
"You don't have to be anything you don't want to be," Howard said, his voice as firm as if he was addressing a room full of recalcitrant shareholders.
Iron Man shot into the road, repulsors at the ready—
Behind him, he heard Pepper squeak. The idea was, it appeared, shockingly new to her.
"Isn't it?" Tony was almost giddy was triumph. "I don't buy this great-niece thing either, Carter. It doesn't explain why you look exactly like Peggy. Only blonde."
"It would have been better if he hadn't let me and Steve in in the first place," Tony muttered.
Tony waved a hand at him, asking him to be quiet.
"I am no longer able to contact SHIELD's computer systems, sir."
He wondered if the man he was not – the man who had a real claim on the name 'Steve Rogers' as well as Captain America – really had been that stupidly patriotic. He hoped not. There could no doubt that he was wearing that man's body, but their minds – his mind – were not the same.
There was what seemed to Steve like too long a pause from the other end, then Pepper said, "Tony, is anything wrong?"
"Do you know that? Or do you just hope it?"
"Right," Tony agreed. After all, if they hadn't wrapped this up by Christmas they might as well be dead – probably would be.
"Apparently." Bruce's voice was bone dry, controlled.
"Hmm." Bruce's expression was far too analytical. "Why not? He's legally vulnerable. All his documentation is ... faked?"
"You bet. Can I come and visit with you in Avengers tower? And will you introduce me to the rest of the Avengers?"
"—you just ignore me when I've come all the way from LA to see you, and you know how much I—" Tony saw the realisation hit her hard. "You did dump me!"
Note the change in the rating to 'explicit.' Sorry folks. It isn't, I hope, too-much-detail explicit, but that scene is necessary for both characterisation and plot.  If you need to miss this stuff, it's the two scenes before the last scene.
Steve changed his grip, bringing up the shield to protect himself and Jan, who was still perched on his shoulder.
"You called Jan."
The instant the vehicle stopped, darkness fell around them and the loud noises of the jungle night ceased equally abruptly. So did the driver's chant.
Tony fired, and the air shimmered in an expanding cone that embraced the warrior, who gasped, and tumbled backwards, the blade flying from his hand. It hit the floor of the walkway, slicing through the ceramic and burying itself to the hilt.
So he submitted, though with ill grace.
"So not one of ours. And someone wanted John Storm off the project. Did he annoy some influential staff officer or other?" Steve asked.
he told himself.
"I was wrong," Tony said. Then, as she took a breath. "You haven't changed one bit."
He had been dependent on Pepper for so long, and when he had been dying he had tried to make sure of her future by handing her the company on a plate. Despite the panic in which the decision had been made it had proved to be inspired. She ran the company well and loved running it, loved Stark Industries for its own sake, while he was only interested the company as a means to shape the world, his world, into something better. But with the ridiculous amount of time she spent in the office and he spent in the workshop, not to mention, in her words, his addiction to Iron Man and the Avengers, they hardly saw each other anymore, except in bed. And, God help him, he was sometimes irritated by the way she tried to organise his life.
He reached for the tablets and a bottle of water, then in direct defiance of Steve and Steve's no-doubt-long-deceased mom, washed the tablets down while still lying on his stomach. Which process needed more water than he might have expected.
Tony ignored that; Pepper did not have to know about his first disastrous encounters with Steve. "SHIELD did not find Cap. The Russians found the Skull's craft. They called the nearest scientific base, which happened to be one of ours. The base called Washington, who sent out a military team, which included a SHIELD agent, and he contacted Fury, who sent an aircraft to secure the site and leased the
Tony snorted his disgust, but Steve held out a hand. "Steve Rogers."
"Yes, sir."
By the time Pepper lost patience, there was no flight available direct to Munich for another 19 hours and a more roundabout route would take her almost as long. Even the flights to New York were fully booked.
"A month after the Chitauri attack? I guess I shouldn't be surprised. This is New York."
"I wasn't even asked," Tony said plaintively. "But I really would like to know who built it. Because NASA certainly didn't. And there hasn't been a squeak out of Boeing or Lockheed, or Airbus or even ISRO – and no one else could even... Tell me it isn't Hammer, because, boy, you are better off out of it if Justin had anything to do with it."
"And the engineers are on triple time." Tony spread his hands. "Look, they don't have to work weekends. But if they're going to come in anyway, they need to be paid the proper rate. And if they yell for me to sort something out for them, I can hardly refuse."
It was dismissal. Tony gave a nod that might have been taken as an attempt at a bow if you have been very generously inclined, and retreated.
Happy pulled to a stop a few feet away, and jumped out of the driver's seat to open the door for Pepper. Tony's heart skipped a few beats. Pepper was wearing a white suit with a short tight skirt – it was one of his favourites – and her exit from the limo provided him with a perfect view of her long and lovely legs.
Once through the Holland tunnel and out into Jersey he would have to make a choice, but right now his only plan was to leave Manhattan behind and to stay away from Brooklyn, because that was probably where everyone would look for him.
Tony's beard jutted out aggressively. "
"It isn't," Jarvis interrupted. "There is no street, building, suburb or village called Merryweather in or around Winchester, or, indeed, in the whole of England. 52-J is not a form of numbering used anywhere in the UK. In fact, I have failed to find anything even approaching that formulation. If it is meant to be an apartment, it would be Flat J comma 52—"
"That was before—" Tony stopped himself before he could admit whatever it was his tongue had been going to say for itself. Not "before I fell in love with you" because it wasn't true. And even if it had been, he wasn't going to lay either of them open to subsequent heartbreak.
