Finally, under shaky legs, Clint managed to stand. He kept to whatever shadows he could find, trying to get as close to the police as possible. Clint swore, wishing he still had his aids in, knowing that’ll he’ll have to resort to lip reading to get any potential information from the boys in blue.
eyes seemed to bore right into Tony’s soul, with a blue clearer than any sky he’d ever seen. It went along well with his perfectly sculpted face. And his perfectly sculpted body.
And that he would. Screw this. Tony would just have to wait until The Captain and his men left, and Tony would leave right behind them. The Captain would forgive him. Probably.
Bucky clenched his jaw and nodded slowly, accepting the defeat he knew was coming. “And who the hell are you trying to convince here?”
Pietro scoffed, looking out his window. “You always tell me to do my best. I guess you don’t really mean it. Why can’t I do the best that I can do?”
Tony stood next to The Captain in the depths of his base, staring at the man Barnes and Barton brought in. The man was still unconscious, so The Captain wasted no time in making sure he was properly restrained in the chair.
Tony froze, gaping at the other man. Since when did Obie ever get his hands dirty? “Obie, what the hell?”
“That good, huh?” Steve answered, stepping away, his hands trying to straighten out the deep wrinkles in his shirt. “Well, I guess that’s what you get for spending a few nights in the car.”
Steve chuckled, making a left turn. “I can guarantee you an afternoon you won’t forget, how about that?”
Like walking into a house and seeing all the family photos adorn the walls, hanging happy memories to remember in years to come.
And Tony knew it was true. Jarvis never touched a drink again. But after the funeral, it was all anyone could talk about. The drunk driver that had killed the Stark family. Tony became obsessed, trying to find any evidence that would clear his butler's name. He knew it would be true, so then what had killed them? It wasn't until he had managed to steal the coroner's report that he knew something was wrong.
Clint sped through the streets. He had reached the outskirts of New York; he needed to get to Stark Industries.
Steve finally looked around, taking in his surroundings. Tony must have blasted in with his back up suit right as the gun went off, pushing Steve out of the bullet’s trajectory.
Pierce was turned away from her, as well as the three men that flanked him as protection. Each of them were staring at Fury, who was the only one still standing on his side, gun aimed at Pierce. If he saw Natasha looking in, he didn’t give any indication.
The maintenance entrance was out of the way, tucked neatly in the alleyway giving easy access for trucks to move in and out. Now, however, the alleyway was filled with frightened people, his employees, pushing and shoving their way out of the door and to safety. Clint and Tony pushed through the crowd as best they could, slowly making their way against the current. They were almost inside when Tony caught a flash of red hair.
He didn’t know how he got there, but Bucky found himself pushed into Steve, his face smashed in the familiar shoulder, strong arms bracketed around him.
Tony staggered, trying to reach for his phone, then fell quickly to the ground instead. He tried to take in huge gulps of air, but was cut off wet coughs, blood starting to fill up his throat. His vision started to wane; black dots danced in front of his eyes as his body reached an inferno as it continued to tear him apart.
They couldn’t be after Steve’s name; they already knew that. What else could they want? Surely nothing Tony had any idea about.
Tony gagged violently, quickly losing whatever had sat in his stomach. Upon seeing the state of his clothes, Tony’s stomach threatened a second round.
“Some foreign exchange student from England. All the kids call him ‘the Vision’ for some reason. What a nerd.”
“I’ll be fine,” Tony said proudly, blatantly ignoring how his arm still felt like fire from when Barnes grabbed him.
Bucky sucked in a sharp breath, rubbing a hand over his face. Images of Steve’s blood staining his hands flashed through in his mind. Solemn news reports of the lives lost at the NYPD headquarters, shaky YouTube footage of Stane ripping apart SI. Natasha and Sam had been at the NYPD. He even knew that Clint and Tony had been with Stane, their familiar frames charging into the building showing up in a few of the videos.
his assigned FBI handler. But he’d had a check-in with Carl just earlier this week. No way he’d be back already.
Steve woke up gasping for breath. Eyes wide, he took in his surroundings. He was on a cot, in what looked to be a garden shed. Someone had thrown a blanket over him, and left him a jug of water. Steve chugged the whole jug without pausing for air. There was no more drug in his system. Steve took a deep breath; he felt clean for the first time in forever. Reaching for his shield, he turned to go when a voice stopped him.
“Uh, Tony, why don’t you head to the meeting. I’ll catch up.” Steve gave Tony’s hand one last squeeze, before ushering him to the door. Tony gave a quizzical look, but let himself he pushed out. Steve sighed as he closed the door.
“I don’t know,” Tony answered honestly, shrugging his shoulders. “I don’t even know what I would do if I were in your shoes. I mean, it got us here, right?” he asked gently, almost shyly, as he took one of his hands and pressed it firmly against Steve’s chest, feeling the strong heartbeat thump under his fingertips.
he texted Bucky as he paced outside of Tony’s workshop. The glass was oblique, but not completely blacked out, filling Steve with some hope. Not enough for him to go charging in, exampled by his constant pacing and longing looks at the door. With his luck, Tony knew he was out here, and was just watching him walk around like a chicken with his head cut off.
Steve fumbled, still focused on that sharp stare, his entire argument evaporating from his mind. All he could think of, was his mother, yelling in his ear about manners. “Sorry,” Steve blurted. “I-I didn’t realize you were with someone. I’ll come- ” he tailed off when he saw the person Fury was meeting with flounder at the sound of his voice. A familiar mop of unruly, and a pair of equally unruly eyes, peeked at him from over the chair back.
Barton peeked around the corner, and cursed. Be spun back around to Delmar. “Put your hands behind your back. Put your head down and say nothing.
“Why would they? You didn’t think you were that high up on the totem pole, did you?” Barton responded. “It doesn’t matter. We need to get you out of here; my boss isn’t done with you.”
“Hear me out,” Tony started. “You guys don’t really have your own space. I mean, even at the tower, we all basically share everything, so I got to thinking, what if you had a little space to yourself? Your own Brooklyn bungalow! It’s far enough to be private, but also close enough for calls in case the world needs saving!”
Steve shook his head, unwanted memories of Bucky pulling fruit out of his trousers filtering through his head.
God, his legs felt shaky. He could sit down, he could ask them all to sit down, and they would. But he wouldn't. He will not cower, not bend, nor break. Not today. Tony clenched his jaw, staring out at the sea of people.
Obadiah hummed, shaking his head. “That’s not how this works. I hired you, not the other way around. And after your last botched effort, if you want this favor, you better have an incentive for me.”
Tony looked back to Obie. “I didn’t.” Catching his business partner raise an eyebrow, Tony sighed. “Boxing lesson with Happy. Didn’t end well for me,” Tony said as he gestured to his face.
Tony threw his head over his shoulder, quickly checking that his body was blocking the view of the camera nestled in the top left hand corner of their cell. “Well,” he started, gathering some of the wax paper sheets they’d been provided with. “Here’s what I’m thinking,” he finished, straightening the pile out under the light, each page adding a different puzzle piece to complete the picture.
Steve grabbed at Tony’s face gently, forcing him to meet his gaze. “I would never hurt you,” he whispered reverently.
“We can’t leave Phil behind,” Steve argued. “Think about Clint!  We have enough intel on Pierce, and now Stane, to cut another deal. Don’t forget that the FBI is after them too.”
“Keep your phones with you today,” Tony said instead, softly. “You’ll be getting a call from a restricted number. The FBI. They’ll be calling with instructions for each of you on what to do when tomorrow comes.” He paused before adding, “Please don’t do anything stupid tonight. I know it doesn’t seem like it, but this really was the best deal for us. If we go off the reservation now, there’s no telling how the FBI would retaliate. We would all be in a super-max before dinner tomorrow.”
One of the thugs moved away from Tony. Steve braced himself, thinking the man would go back for the knife, but was surprised when he pushed the heavy barrel forward until it stood innocently in front of Tony.
“I don’t know, Buck,” sighed Steve, eyes soft. Understanding as always. Bucky hated it. He opened his mouth to argue, but was cut off by another voice.
much less, manage to find a chuck of happiness in the world they live in? How could they have that when Ton-
“Until HYDRA showed up. They wanted all that power to themselves. They wanted to run the show their way.”
Terribly sorry about the missed update last Sunday. I was in the hospital for a few days and I wasn't able to get to my computer. When I did get home, I just figured that it would be easier to just wait until Sunday rather than throwing up a chapter willy-nilly.
Steve sighed softly, not wanting to get up from the cocoon of warmth he was surrounded in. However, he knew that there was work to be done, so he took one last look at Tony’s sleeping form before slipping out of the bed, making sure to tuck the corners of the blanket back around the sleeping brunette.
He was here, here with Tony. It seemed like such a pipe dream just days before, but he was here, and it was real.
Steve blushed furiously, but he couldn’t tell if it was from the comment, or that he had been speaking his thoughts aloud.
Steve huffed. “You couldn’t scare away that hobo last night, so sorry to burst your bubble, but it’s not doing much for me either.”
Clint couldn’t help but give a watery smile. “Now come on, you can grovel to me later. We need to get to base.”
Turning back around, Tony could see the building where he had just stomped from. If Tony had to guess, it was probably the maintenance building. It every way, the site was perfect: quiet and out of the way. No one would expect to find them there. But it was sure as hell not a place Tony expected for Strange to try and safe a life.
Barnes had left him there, dragging an unconscious Clint from the cops, ditching the scene before they were all caught. But he’d thought Phil was dead. Even if he knew that he wasn’t, there wouldn’t have been much he could have done. Charging through the street to get to the injured man would have only resulted in the same ending, only this time with Barnes and Barton also in custody.
Tony felt himself getting thrust back, a huge force knocking him off his feet. A searing heat wave washed over him, Tony quickly covering his face when he felt debris land around him. Ears ringing and head pounding, Tony felt someone grab at his suit, pulling him back up.
“I’ve seen some pretty sad things in my life, Mr. Stark. But you went down faster than a flower bows to the wind,” Yinsen smirked.
“I’d take you to some hole-in-the-wall restaurant, the greasier the better," Steve continued. "I’d watch you flirt with the waitress to get extra fries, and laugh when you spill ketchup on your shirt. I'd walk you home in the moonlight, try and hold your hand." Steve took Tony's hand and linked it with his own. "Then if that went well, I’d would take you out again to the science museum and listen to you tell me why all your designs would be better. And if you could still stand me by then, next would be the movie theatre; I’d see how long it’d take for us to get kicked out, because I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands off you." Tony snorted, imagining the pair of them messing around in the darkened room. Hushed whispers, wandering hands. Lips that had the faint taste of butter.
“Yeah, his name’s Gaylord,” Bucky smirked. “His family’s very French; a family of illusionists, would you believe? Very eccentric, but I don’t know, I think he pulls it off.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. Apparently that was enough for the blonde to break out into a larger grain, thinking he'd finally cornered Tony. “Who do you work for?”
Natasha, Tony, and Rhodey stood in the back alleyway of the supposed hide out for the bomber, Nickolas Beattie. The three had opted to take a car to the site, thinking that taking a quinjet would be asking for a little too much attention.
“He thinks that once Iron Man is dead, he’ll never have been sent back here. He’ll just vanish I guess. He’d be back with his wife.”
Tony stopped again, looking down at his hands. He closed his eyes, and thought back the hushed conversation he had with Steve not minutes before.
“You leave him out of this,” Steve hissed. He knew he was already selling his soul to the devil by agreeing to work with Loki, but damn if he was going to let the Norwegian drag other through the mud with him. Tony was gone, Steve had seen to that. Lately, Steve had been trying to convince himself that it was better this way. He was out of the line of fire for now, hopefully. Sticking around Steve would probably prove fatal - it already had, once - and Steve wasn't ready to face another reality of thinking Tony dead.
“Alright, easy. I was just asking. All I’m saying, from a business standpoint, you should reconsider your options.”
Steve barely had time to work on wearing down the zip ties before the door on the left burst open, a stern looking man walked in.
“I wasn’t trying to be.” He walked over to the kitchen table. “So,” Steve smiled nonchalantly, grabbing half of her sandwich and taking a bite. “PB & J. That bad, huh?”
There was a short silence and Tony looked up, catching Clint and Coulson, mid embrace, Coulson’s tongue down the archer’s mouth, and
Rogers dropped the gun, doubling over in pain. Looking down, Rogers saw himself start to disappear. “Wha-what’s happening?”
Steve paled, unable to stop himself from risking a glance at Tony. With this type of power, Pierce really could wipe out the rest of them without getting his hands dirty. If they didn’t get those hands back on Pierce’s files, they’d all be done for.
“No, you’re perfect,” Tony argued. “You’re the most qualified, trustworthy person I’ve ever met.” Pepper’s gaze softened slightly, but she still made no move to continue. His chest throbbed in response, urging him of the task at hand. “Is it too much to ask?” he added, giving Pepper his best puppy eyes. "Because I really need your help here.”
“I don’t know,” Steve answered truthfully, smiling sadly. “I don’t know what I would have done. Either way, we would have lost something. We can’t go back and change what happened; all we can do is try and get in front of it before the crash happens.”
“Now, Ward. How in the world would an officer know a person, Tony Stark no less, was missing hours before the rest of the city got a single clue?”
Clint felt Tony get out of his chair and kneel down in front of him. “Listen. I get it. I’m not exactly known for letting people in on my medical history,” Tony said, unconsciously tapping at his chest. “You don’t have to prove yourself to us. We aren’t going to look at you any different.”
Steve was stronger now, he was better now. He wouldn’t sit idly by and let HYDRA destroy the family he had left.
“Yeah,” Tony responded, looking back down at his phone. “JARVIS has his location locked in, so unless Steve decided to throw this phone into the river, then Steve will definitely be there.”
Steve didn’t respond. Honestly, if given the choice, Steve would go right back and finish the job. Anything to try and distract him from the fact that he was the one to blame. That it was his fault that everything had happened.
“You just really like hearing yourself talk, don’t you?” Steve almost jumped at the harsh tone, forgetting Tony was standing beside him.
Barton shrugged. “None of us did, besides Bucky. You didn’t trust us, we didn’t trust you. Our life has taught us nothing but to see the worst in people.”
Steve scoffed, walking over to Bucky. “At least I’m trying. I gotta do whatever I can to keep you guys safe.”
Barnes shrugged. “I’ll be fine if he’s fine. But I can’t protect a man who doesn’t want to be protected.”
Barton dragged him down another hallway. “That won’t hold them,” Barton panted. “With Barnes dead, it won’t be long before The Captain comes to finish us.”
“Do you hear that?” Steve almost ran straight into Rhodes as the other man screeched to a halt, peering carefully around a corner, a connection to the main sewer line.
Tony had made it a point when they moved in to tell them that while JARVIS is connected throughout the house, there weren’t any cameras installed within the bathrooms or bedrooms.
Pierce breathed in deeply. He had to keep his cool, had to keep in control. Usually Pierce wouldn’t reach out to outside parties for assistance, but the revival of HYDRA had not been easy, what with The Captain and now Tony Stark standing in the way. Getting Hammer and The Monger on board was pretty easy, with the end of The Captain and his crew being a common goal they all shared. And now, with the added bonus of offing Tony Stark as well, Pierce seemed to have his hands full of allies. Of course, Pierce still wanted to run the show, keeping his cards close to give him slight leverage. Pierce and his closest HYDRA companions were the only ones who knew about The Captain’s true identity.
“Tony needed to go eventually, you said it yourself; it’s nice that he can help out a dear old friend one last time before I off him. Besides, no one cares that he’s gone. I’ve had him for days and the public is still in the dark about the whole thing. Face it, Pierce. You aren’t running the show anymore.”
Clint peeked around the corner, glancing through his options. The firemen were all still attached to the large hoses, spraying every inch of the building that they could. He could see the cops already trying to set up a perimeter, most likely getting ready to search for clues. Clint swept once more over the faces until-
Tony saw the man flinch but continued to hold his ground. He wasn’t about to sit idly by anymore; Tony had been lied too enough. “Answer me,” Tony hissed.
"I'm sorry, Sir, but I cannot match The Captain to any known male in New York. I have even taken the liberty to extend the search to neighboring states, as well as adding in your additional parameters. The Captain simply does not exist."
“Why do you think we’re here?” Steve asked, dropping a comforting hand on his shoulder. “We’re here for you, Buck.”
Steve could hear Tony’s smile over the phone, no doubt smug at such an achievement. But that was Tony for you; the man thought everything he did was incredible. Of course, Steve always thought so as well.
Alexander Pierce sighed softly as he slowly closed the file he had been reading. He knew this moment would come; it was inevitable. Honestly, how it had taken this long was a blessing. Finally dragging his eyes away from his desk, Pierce looked up at a fuming Obadiah Stane.
“Well, no offense, Steve, but we’ve all been slumming it for the past couple of months. With everything that’s happened, I think we should take extra precautions. It’s not safe for us to be squatting in whatever’s available.”
He had searched Kurt’s body, body racked with grief. Maybe he could get in contact with the family. Steve found a family photo. Kurt, with his brother Amand, mother and sister.
Sam burst through the door, both men jumping feet away from each other. Steve could feel his face burning as his hands frantically tried to find something to do, settling on straightening out his shirt. Thankfully, Sam, if he even did notice, didn’t mention it. “We got him,” he said breathlessly.
Steve took to the streets with his shield. Vigilante justice took over his world. Safety wasn’t really a concern at this point.
Clint was from Iowa; he knew his way around a corn field. Last Clint had heard, some yahoo had reached out to symbologists to see if they could decipher what had been drawn. Clint had been going for a slice of pizza, but hey, he never said he was an artist.
Steve snorted, trailing a hand down Tony’s arm. “Sounds familiar. Not sure when we’re going to have time to plan this little excursion. I don’t know if you remember, but we’re all getting shipped off to solitary tomorrow.”
“I fear there is no stopping the man. I myself am having a hard time not going in there to finish the job.”
“Remember what you told me?” Steve asked. “The first time we talked about Tony and us, about the possibility of all of us being together. You said that you wanted to wait to make sure that Tony felt the same way, because he had a history of putting other people’s happiness before his.”
Tony turned around so he could gaze into those baby blues. It was still night, so Steve’s eyes reflected beautifully in the moonlight. Sticking a hand up, Tony looked over at his watch on the side table, willing it to come to him.
“Listen,” Rhodey continued. “You wait right there. I’ll see if I can find you something to eat. Try not to do anything stupid while I'm gone.”
Steve groaned, rubbing his eyes with his fingers. It had been just a few weeks since he ‘woke up’. And yet, Steve still found himself wishing each day that they never found him in the ice.
Upon leaving the bathroom, Steve was hit with a deep chill that came as the temperature drop, the blonde almost scurrying to his room.
Finally the door opened. Inside, Barnes could see his present self strapped to an operating table, being cut apart by a doctor.
Steve Rogers was an old name, whispered around the streets of New York. By all accounts, he was supposed to be dead, buried deep after his history with the SSR. How he survived was a miracle by itself. He had always just assumed that he'd died after his run-in with Schmidt. Pierce still remembered how long it took him to actually believe that Steve Rogers was still alive and walking around New York.
“Steve, you can’t go in there! Come on, the cops are coming!” Clint yanked and yanked at Steve, but the man kept managing to pull back away. "
He could feel the heat of Tony’s eyes on his neck, but Steve didn’t look back. After everything that had happened today, that had happened
HYDRA was bad news. Part of the reason The Captain was not on the Most Wanted list was because he managed to take the mob out, making a lot of people happy. Schmidt and his thugs had run rampant for years; their control of Brooklyn was both astounding and horrifying. Killing of innocents, maimings, disastrous fires, you name it. When The Captain came along, it was a blessing.
Months ago, when Steve sat at Tony’s bedside as he healed from his kidnapping, he found himself whittling a small sculpture for the injured man. The idea had hit him out of the blue – much like the camping plan. He had been walking into the speakeasy when he saw a lump of wood in a passing alleyway. It was strange to see something this far into the city that wasn’t premanufactured wood; this looked like it was a branch that was ripped right from the tree just hours before. Steve stared at it and thought,
Frustration mounted in him, and Steve grabbed a nearby pillow and cuffed Bucky in the back of his head with it, intent on having someone else suffer with him. Bucky was up in a flash, reaching down quickly to snag a hidden knife before pouncing up. Gray eyes darted around all available entrances and exits before realizing Steve was the only other one in the room. Bucky scoffed, flopping back down on the bed. “Is it too much to ask to wake up normally? Maybe with even a ‘
Tony, upon hearing Barnes in the gym, just dropped the sketches, not realizing they must have fallen in the briefcase. When he was getting ready to run, he didn’t even have time to check when he snapped the briefcase shut. He was in too much of a hurry.
Not caring for his own safety, Clint raced to the voice. He stumbled into some overturned pipes, giving Clint a nasty gash, but if anything, he pushed ahead faster. Just over the third mound of debris was a familiar red and gold suit. With a familiar man cursing within.
“If HYDRA had people waiting at the Pentagon, what’s to say they didn’t have people here,” Steve finished for her, flopping back against his seat.
he thought. If the same people who were attacking his warehouses were down there, making a clear run at headquarters in public, who was Tony to sit upstairs and stay quiet. He'd give them a real show and end it all right here. He found himself moving to the elevator, brushing off the guard's hand, clamoring in the lift. If security catches who it is, it could be the potential lead they need to stop the rest of the attacks. He just hoped that he wouldn't regret not bringing his gun.
, Tony thought. "If The Captain was behind this, then all of the warehouses would have burned at the same time and I would have washed up on the shores of the Hudson already. He's a one-and-done kind of man. He wouldn't drag this out. It doesn't matter who did it, we just need to deal with it. This is a problem and needs to be handled immediately."
Steve snorted. “Barely. Clint had just rounded up two before the cops showed up to deal with the other three.”
Clint pressed his ear closer to the door, but there was just nothing. Oh wait. There it was. A small hitch of breath. Clint bit his lip, taking a chance to crack the door open to peek inside.
Steve counted it as a win when he saw a small smile grace Natasha’s face. “I’ll go get everyone. Ten minutes.”
Clint shrugged, staring at the still image. “Not much to go on. Male, dark brunette. Heavily built, most likely hired muscle, but definitely skilled. The way he’s using the shadows of the buildings; he probably knew the cameras were there. The way he holds himself, I’m guessing ex-military. Probably a gun for hire now.”
Tony sighed, contemplating not telling Steve, but there was no way it wouldn’t bite him in the ass If he didn’t. “It’s a magnet,” he answered simply. There, not a lie.
He could feel the weight of Natasha’s stare on him, but Steve refused to meet her gaze, shifting in his seat as he tore through traffic, speeding down the highway.
“The SSR files,” Steve responded. “If you know my real name, then you must know that I used to run with them, correct?” At Fury’s nod, Steve continued. “There were more than enough rumors about the massive wealth of information that they had collected over the years. I can tell you they’re real.”
“What? Like Alexander Pierce? We already know he’s with HYDRA, thanks to Phil Coulson. We’re conducting our own investigation of him.”
“Well, that’s not something you find out every day,” Bucky laughed, trying to lighten the mood. “So, what now?”
“What the hell is going on here?” Nick Fury stepped through the door to take in the scene. He looked at Rumlow on the floor, and sighed. “Dumb ass kid.” With that he motioned for Steve to enter, and shut the door behind him.
Tony ripped off his own jacket, placing it over the mob boss. “Steve?” he tried. “Steve? Can you hear me?”
He strolled down the hallway, shooting a quick salute to the blushing receptionist. He slipped into the bathroom, making a beeline to the sink. Cranking on the faucet, Clint put shaking hands under the cold water, splashing it on his face. He repeated for a few minutes, until he felt the cool tile start to make its presence known through the warmth of his sock. Clint looked down, smiling slightly at shoeless foot.
Tony thought he would have gotten used to the sound of chirping birds waking him up each morning, but here he was on day twenty-seven, and his fingers still twitched for the sidearm he knew wasn’t there. Dreaming about popping the demonic alarm clocks into nothing more than a pile of feathers was only satisfying until he opened his eyes, and he realized that they were still there.
suspiciously his size. Steve laughed to himself as he pulled them on before exiting the closest, off to find Tony.
Red seemed like the better choice. Seeing the Iron Man armor glint in the sun was always a sight to behold. But they didn’t have the right shade. There was one that looked more like it would belong on a fire truck and the other was too dark. Crimson, like the color of the blood that trickled out of Tony’s mouth as he laid dying just months ago. Steve frowned, moving away from the red sheets. Turns out it wasn’t the better choice.
Barton grinned, clapping Tony on the shoulder. “That’s the spirit,” he smiled. “Now, go check on your boy,” he said, pushing Tony back through the door. Walking back towards the front of the building, Tony felt a weight lift from his chest.
“It was your job to know! Funny how you’re the only one who survived. Maybe you were the mole. Got sick of taking orders, didn’t you? You wanted to be in charge; decided to take out the SSR yourself.”
“Ok, ok, you’re right. We need to go back to the main city. There’s a small apartment on Fifth and Delancey.”
Steve didn’t answer, just grabbed his arm, his other hand reaching for the cream. He stopped when he heard Bucky’s groan. “Other one,” the brunette said.
“I don’t like to be ignored,” Tony pouted, crossing his arms. Steve caught a flash of color in the other man’s hand.
“No,” retorted Barnes, opening his mouth for the first time. “He was going to meet with another one of Hammer’s lackeys. They took care of the body already.”
At least it was a good dream this time. A memory of a better time. A time where Tony was his. But all of that was gone. Tony was gone.
“Wait, Yinsen!” Tony shouted. “Dammit,” he whispered to himself, his clunky fingers moving over the keyboard to finish the virus.
“Tony!” The agents were overpowering him, pulling him out the door as he continued to wail for his husband. He felt his body finally give up as sobs wracked through his body. But it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered, because Tony, was gone, gone,
“Cap wants him delivered alive.” Clint didn’t answer, but Bucky knew he was listening. “However,” Bucky continued, “I’m sure he won’t mind a few packaging errors.”
“No, Nat. You know, you don’t have to go around and flirt with anything that breathes. Keep it in your pants.”
Loki looked up, finally looking up at him with mild disinterest. “Guns won’t help you here. Now then. Let’s get down to it, shall we? I haven’t got all day.”
“Split up,” he heard Steve say. “Yell if you find anything.” The pack spread out, fanning every corner of the speakeasy. Clint took the main floor, slipping his head into the kitchen and the closets, coming up with nothing. A shout from the basement, however, had him sprinting once again.
“Do you wish to keep your family safe? How much are you willing to sacrifice to ensure their safety?”
Unless Romanov spread a half ass lie, there should be no more than three guys breaking into Tony’s place. “Give me a count.”
“No rest for the wicked, I suppose,” Yinsen answered before taking apart the nearest weapon closest to him. “How are the hands?”
“I don’t hate you, Stark,” Barnes answered, almost quietly. “I just hate what you stand for. Regardless of who you see us as now, The Captain, as well as the rest of us, have had a pretty shitty life. We’ve all had to sacrifice a lot to get where we are today. But, I know people like you. You’re all flash and show, a bright meteor shining across the sky. What people forget about meteors, is that no matter how brilliant they are, they leave nothing but a wake of destruction. And Cap? He’s latched onto you for the ride. You come in with your thousand watt smile and new ideas and suddenly Cap is no better than a kid in a candy shop. See, I know people like you; I know you. Guys like you can bitch to Cap all day long about how ‘we’re on the same side’, but I know better. I mean, you just said it yourself. You’re not on the same side; you’re on
“Hi, listen, I need you to patch me through to the NYPD,” Tony responded once he was greeted with the operator. “No, no. If it was an emergency I would have called 911. I’m not looking for a whole squad, I’m just looking for one guy. Phil Coulson.”
Bruce opened his eyes to find a smiling Thor looking down at him. And gripping his hand was a little girl, thumb stuck in her mouth.
He shut the driver side door only to watch it pop back out, the door not able to close correctly because of his new addition to the metal work. Steve kept trying to shut it, each time using more and more force until he finally growled, slamming the door shut.
It wasn’t much later that Steve found himself with fresh clothes and a hot meal in his stomach. Tony was staring at him from across the table.
And his threats were not to be trifled with. “Guess I better go and get my armor.” And with that, Tony slid out of the interrogation room, following dutifully behind Coulson.
Tony broke off with one final laugh. By the look on The Captain’s face, Tony knew he was spot on. “Am I right, or am I right?”
Steve whirled around to face the shorter man, narrowing his eyes. “People? You mean other mobs? How much have you told them?”
“Well,” Steve continued. “Then you can spend the rest of your miserable life in here with me as I carve you into nothing. I don’t know about you, but I’m really hoping you choose the latter.”
Tony crawled over to Barnes, happy enough to find a faint pulse. He took a few deep breaths before standing back up.
Tony didn’t reply, just smiled, happy that he got his way again, like the princess he is. Clint sees that face all the time when Tony’s with Steve.
“Closet,” he said, nodding a head in the direction. Tony walked away and Clint looked back at Steve, who was still on the floor with Lucky. “While you’re in a good mood,” Clint said slowly. “There’s something I should tell you.”
She shook her head, sighing. “No, Mr. Stark decided that he would play superhero today. If you have more fan mail, don’t worry about it. His ego doesn’t need it.”
“I need to get my hands on those bomb remains. I can bring them to the Avengers headquarters; get us some leads on the bastard that did this.”
Tony was worth ignoring a discount. He deserved nice things. Not because he was a billionaire; Tony had made it extremely clear when he and Bucky started dating him that he didn’t need to be showered in luxury every time they went out on a date. In fact, Tony would be more than happy to eat greasy fast food in a parking lot each night if he could. But no, not on Steve’s watch. Tony deserved nice things because he was worth every penny. And more importantly, Tony was now
“You won’t get anywhere,” replied Thor. “Throwing a few fists at him will not get him to show his weaknesses.”
“And pray tell, what exciting activity would I enjoy more than a nice dinner with you, with the possibility of you naked in my bed?”
in his head, clinging to the faint sliver of hope that the rest of them had made it out. He pulled back far enough to see Steve grin down at him. It was worth it.
He heard Sam sigh next to him. “You gotta give me more than that. I’d find better answers talking to a wall.”
“Please, her death wouldn’t even make the front page. Want to know what the headline last week? Some guy shanked someone with a fork over a baked potato.
Steve learned that there was only one way to get that clean canvas again. To paint over his old life and pretend that no one would be able to chip back through. To make a shield.
“You didn’t come to bed last night,” Steve said casually. Although Tony could lie as easy as breathing, Steve had found that getting him in a more comfortable state, with his walls down, he could catch Tony in the act. It was a dirty tactic, he knew, but Steve was starting to get worried. The amount of times he’d gone to bed and woken up without Tony between him and Bucky were starting to add up.
Clint grinned. Every moment that he got to spend with Phil was a treasure, but it was never enough. To be able to talk to him every day again – to get to talk with
Or like now, where Tony was almost chastising himself, each nervous jerk of his hands a negative reinforcement as he pushed himself to find a solution. It was as if his brain was shouting at Tony clearly in the room.
His boss, sitting across the desk narrowed his eyes. However, the other man in the room began to protest. “Well, whatever it was, it can wait,” he snapped. “Pierce, you need to get a better handle on- ”
Steve gripped at Tony tighter, pushing his hips up into Tony. This time it was Tony who through his head back in ecstasy, grinding back down shamelessly.
“Maybe they’re really desperate. Or a distraction?” Tony pondered. It was a valid theory. From what Tony had told him, there wasn't anything of value at the hit targets. Anything of importance was stored deep in SI's research and development vaults, all financial information locked on Tony's secure servers. Some of the locations did store some of the company's weapons stocks, but they were never touched. It was as if the men attacking were there only to bring chaos, damaging equipment and attacking employees.
A sharp knock on the door pulled Pierce from his thoughts. “Yeah?” The door opened and one of his analysts breezed through. “Did you find it?” Pierce continued.
He trailed after Obie in a daze, eyes darting all over the bar in front of him, still searching for any type of clue that could lead to the discovery that he was hiding the crew in there.nObie pulled down a stool, taking a seat next to the bottle, reaching over the bar to pluck another glass, helping himself generously to the scotch.
Tony could only assume that he wanted his weapons, or maybe even his information. Sure, The Captain and his Commandos had done the city a service by getting rid of Schmidt’s people, but Tony wasn’t about to throw the man a parade.
“I’m going to get some fucking pity scones,” Bucky snapped, not even waiting for Steve to reply before stopping down the street. There was a constant pull that tugged at Steve to follow Bucky, but even he couldn’t pick up his feet this time.
He had barely placed one foot out of the car before Steve felt himself falling, having caught the edge of Pietro’s skateboard. Steve lurched, his arm scrambling out to stop his fall. Unfortunately, the only thing to catch him was the car, and before Steve could change his mind, he heard the metal creak as it bent under the grip of his hand.
“I’d start bringing you lunch to SI, and we’d eat together in your workshop as you try and explain what you’re currently working on," the blonde added. "I’d selfishly keep you out late, only to give me a better chance to stay the night. And if things still go well up to that point, I’d take you on a trip. South, I think. I’d like to see you spread out on a towel, lying the day away as you tan beneath the sun. I’d take you camping, and even though I think you’d hate it, you’d still do it. For me.
facility closest to base. It was out of the way, but not too far. Besides, no one would question if they saw Thor Odinson walking into one of his own factories.
Steve felt Tony cry into his shoulder. The plan was less than optimal, but it was the only way to keep Tony safe.
He slunk away from the door, footsteps quiet in their temporary home. Bucky rounded the corner, reaching for the door when he was stopped by Clint.
Amand’s brother, Kurt. He recalled staring back into those lifeless eyes, unable to tear himself away. He also remembered looking down at the uniform. He wasn’t a Nazi. He had just killed a regular German soldier. He could have been innocent for all Steve knew.
The man looked unarmed, but that didn’t mean anything in Steve’s book. It looked as if blood matted his face, his stance threatening and stoic. It wasn’t until Steve got closer until he realized it wasn’t blood at all. It was a mask.
The Captain eyed him warily, but Tony held his hands up innocently. “Relax. I’m not interested in stealing your business; just color me curious.”
But that was part of the reason that made Steve so dangerous. He was worse than a mother bear when separated from her cubs. And that mother bear is currently at Stark Industries. Where there had been two bombs. And where Tony had left his empty suit. Steve was probably not in the best state of mind. Not after recent events.
Steve furrowed his brow. “No clue,” he answered. “He said it was just another favor that I owe him.”
“Yinsen?” He tried to grate out. The man mustered up a small smile, his eyes crinkling softly behind his glasses. “Where- ” Tony started again, but Yinsen cut him off.
Walking down to the front door, Steve could already hear the harsh thuds of Bucky’s fists hitting the punching bag. He sighed, finally walking outside to one of their vans, sliding in the passenger side. Clint was driving, but thankfully the man had enough sense than to ask him about what went down.
Bruce chuckled, grabbing the book he had been reading. “Have fun,” he chided, walking down the gangway, a smirking Natasha following close behind.
By the time Steve had made it back to base, he found himself with an even worse headache. But the peace and quiet he was looking forward too quickly stepped out of reach when he entered through the door. Inside, his crew was bustling.
Tony’s demeanor changed. He made a complete turn from a deer in headlights to stony anger. With a thrust of his hand, Tony shot the repulsor at Steve, sending him crashing back into the shed.
“Just passing through,” Tony said nonchalantly. “I was going to make something to eat if you’d like something.”
Steve watched Tony give one final shout, feeling himself be pushed out of the house with immense force. Around him, the mansion was falling to pieces, the air filled now not with Tony’s screams, but Hill’s.
A quick roll tangled the body into the tarp making it easy for Steve to shuck it over his shoulder. Entering the building, Steve walked over to the furnace he had turned on earlier, quickly dumping the body within.
Clint held back a snort as he watched Tony’s face scrunch as he replayed his previous statement. “Man, I’ve been hanging out with your guys for too long if I’m totally okay with what I just said.”
“This is because I don’t have powers, isn’t it?” Schmidt snapped. “That I wasn’t born special like you! Well not every superhero has power, you know. I can be a hero without them; I can make my own!”
Clint was out of the car in an instant, dashing towards the calamity. “Clint, wait!” Tony called, following right behind him, grabbing at the other man’s arm.
Tony stopped, sighing. “Well, I’m sure your boss will retract his offer when I show up. This works out better if you let me go alone, actually. Cap will be pissed, HYDRA will be dead, and then I’ll be gone. You’ll have to find someone else to hate.”
Fury, FBI? That’s just what they needed. Another superpower sniffing around him and the team. “No offense, but why the hell would the FBI want to get involved with you?”
Bucky’s head snapped to the left and let out a sigh of relief, seeing Hill stumbling over to him. “Hill,” he greeted. “We need to get him to a hospital.”
“It lives,” Clint gasps dramatically, earning a sharp glare from Tony. Steve ignored the two, pushing Tony down into a chair before settling down in the seat next to him. Steve waited patiently until he saw Tony reach out for his own food before he began to fill up his own plate.
Steve almost jumped, Tony’s harsh voice breaking the long silence. It was the first thing Steve had heard from him in days; the attack on Stark Industries still fresh in his mind. Steve himself still saw their blood every time he shut his eyes.
Tony rushed around the other side of the island but here was there, hands grabbing at his wrists, and they were warm, just like
Barnes sighed, before looking back at Tony. He had to admit, the mob man looked like he had seen better days. Not that Tony could really blame him; the guy just lost an arm. Dark rings sat on pale skin, accentuating his usually set of bright eyes, now looking dull and lifeless. The uniform he was wearing didn’t fit correctly, as if Barnes didn’t fill it out like he used to. The man shrugged. “Honestly, I’m not really sure. To talk, probably.”
The rest of the ride was silent, Pietro refusing any conversation Tony tried to start. Picking up Wanda was no different, the girl opting to slip into the back seat, hiding behind her long locks.
“I sent Laufeyson in first. And, since he hasn’t returned yet, it’s safe to say that I was right and The Captain left men there to stop him. Hopefully they’ll be too distracted by his mind games to keep a watch on it. They'll let their guard down and we can sneak in this week and take it all before they decide to move the files.”
“No,” Steve blurted. “God, no. It’s just… I haven’t really been in his corner, for a while, actually. With everything that’s happened, he’s really needed me, but I haven’t been there. He hasn’t had a chance to really let it out – and with this news, I have a feeling he’s gonna burst. Let me be the scapegoat. I’ll sit with him and let him wear himself out while you get some semblance of a plan to get Phil back together. We’re gonna need to give Clint something before he goes in guns-blazing into the FBI headquarters.”
“Okay, so we go farther. Medical equipment, transport capability, clean energy. How’s that for need? People
Steve turned just in time to see Thunderball placed a small grenade of Schmidt’s cape. “Kid, wait!” Steve shouted, chasing after the teen.
Phil’s head snapped up immediately, eyes darting around the wreckage until they landed on the alleyway where Clint was. Phil’s eyes swept around once more before taking off towards Clint.
Pietro pushed Wanda off of him, getting up and speeding around the table, only stopping long enough to slap her in the back of the head. In the background, Peter was giggling manically, but Tony could barely hear him over his own shouts.
Unconsciously, Steve drew a hand up Tony’s back up to his neck, his fingers ghosting over his pulse. It was a new habit of his, one that he couldn’t seem to get out of. Tony, of course, was nice enough not to say anything about it, just leaving Steve to his ministrations. A steady heartbeat drummed under his fingertips. Healthy.
Steve smiled softly, taking a washcloth of the side table, dabbing it over the sleeping man’s face. Even if Bruce could convince Steve to lay down, Steve knew it would be years before he would sleep again, even knowing that Tony was finally safe.
“What the fuck is he even doing here?” Clint whispered to no one, throwing on a pair of shoes and stomping out the door, down his porch, and across the driveway to meet the newcomer.
“Dude, this is always on 3 AM infomercials,” Clint replied, tearing into the box. “I’ve always wanted one of these.”
The Monger knew that The Captain was always careful, destroying phones, and checking for trackers. It was part of the reason no one had been able to catch him.
he had replied softly, hand trailing gently over Tony's freshest bruises. That one had had the shape of his father's class ring.
“Well, he popped up when we had our first meeting. What do you say about having another little rendezvous?”
“What are you gonna do?” laughed Tony. “Murder the broad? We’re supposed to be keeping a low profile here.”
A whining noise sliced through the air, a bright light burning into his retinas before a body came barreling around the corner from where they were currently taking cover.
Steve walked over to the window, finding himself staring down at the main room of the speakeasy. The windows were high enough up that it got overlooked from the ground floor, but still managed to give a vantage point for the entire bar. “I guess whoever was in charge back in the day wanted to keep an eye on the guests,” said Tony, walking up alongside him. “I thought you’d appreciate being able to do the same.”
Steve made the last turn in his run, heading back to the tower. He felt the sheen of sweat that had formed during his route. Turns out running while the sun was high the sky actually got him to break a sweat.
Do you know who these people are, Cap? These people are the lowliest scum of the Earth. Honestly, I’d be less insulted if you worked with Hammer.”
flashed through his mind. Pepper’s gift, his first reactor. It was still usable. And currently sitting in his workshop downstairs. Adrenaline coursed through his body as his leg twitched, the paralysis wearing off. He was overzealous of course, desperation getting the better of him, and ended up on the floor. He crawled, slowly and painfully through the main room and back through the kitchen, a rusted over machine trying to get back in rhythm. He let his body fall down the stairs, reveling in the pain to distract him from his failing heart. He let out another cry as he pushed his body into the lab.
to them, all Steve wanted was a break. Just one day, that’s all he wanted. One day where everything was as he saw his life would be all those years ago.
“Well it’s a good thing it’s not my first rodeo either.” With that, he reached into his pocket, pulling out a small tube.
“I mean, it’s been a stressful week for us all. You don’t have to go through this alone. I just think that maybe you should take a day, and- ”
Fury slipped a piece of paper from his file, placing it on Phil’s lap. “You remember filing this, correct? The missing person file on Tony Stark?”
Steve placed a reassuring hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Sam, this isn’t your fault. You couldn’t have known that there was a bomb in there. And look, everyone made it out just fine.”
Steve’s eyes snapped open, locking onto Tony’s slim frame, leaning against a door frame, small smile adorning his face.
“Now, don’t do anything stupid and listen to Bucky, alright?” Tony said as he stepped back, smoothing out the lines on Steve’s jacket.
Clint sighed. “You really should leave the mother henning to Steve, Tony. And besides, everyone knows you can’t cook for shit.”
When they reached what seemed to be a pause in the mayhem, Rhodes look at the trail of bodies they left behind him. “What?” Steve asked.
"Oh, really?" Tony couldn't help but laugh, tugging away from him. "I could have sworn that you said that I couldn't fool you into thinking that I
Steve gave the brunette a small smile. “Well, I’d be lying if I didn’t think you didn’t have a rocky start. But yet, here I am asking you anyway.”
If the suit was here, where was Tony? Tony had taught him enough about the suit for Steve to know that the suit was dead. The fact that that bottom half lay really close to a huge chunk of ceiling did not sit well with Steve.
Steve tasted iron in his mouth as he bit his lip to stop him from screaming. The pain and the shock must have caused Tony to feel so cold. Of course, now Steve was only picturing a freezing Tony, sinking beneath layers and layers of ice, all alone. Without thinking twice, Steve clambered on the bed, careful not to jostle any of the tubes connected to Tony, wrapping the smaller man in his arms. “I’ll keep you warm,” Steve said in a shaky voice, kissing the spot behind Tony’s ear.
Steve wasn’t sure what he was expecting when he finally looked at Fury. Tony had been more than descriptive of the man – well, mostly about his eyepatch, but it was Tony, so that was hardly surprising. And while the eyepatch did offer a certain malice, it was the rest of his face that left Steve uneasy. Fury’s face was hardened, much like Hill’s, but instead of the blank slate his Number 2 wore, his showed one that was blatantly unimpressed. By the age lines that flowed with the expression, Steve guessed it was a face that he worse often. His eye that wasn’t covered was darker than his skin but was still mesmerizing as it caught Steve’s gaze. It was piercing, intelligent. It reminded Steve of a movie Tony made him sit through; that burning eye in a tower, always watching.
She didn’t need the approval of the rest of her team; she didn’t even know why she was bothered when she didn’t have it.
“Is that everyone?” Sam was waiting at the bottom of the stairs, another two men slung over his shoulders.
The show was targeted towards veterans, who seemed to be a majority of their listeners anyway. There was never really an agenda, just Steve and his friends crowded around the microphones, explaining the struggles of living life after war. How hard it was to sleep on a soft bed sometimes, how spilled wine smells like copper, how the flash of a camera or the boom of a firework could send someone spiraling.
So, it was true. Tony’s accusation. Fury had dabbled with the SSR in the past. To what extent, he had no idea, but maybe Fury was more invested in getting his hands on these files than he thought. Steve nodded numbly, watching as the eye-patched man turn sharply, this trench coat flapping, as he made his way to his own vehicle.
The faint whine of sirens grabbed his attention. He looked up to see red and blues start to stain the yellow flames. “Hey!” he shouted, voice already hoarse from the smoke and water. “Somebody! I need help down here,
Pierce dropped to the floor. Natasha gaped, watching the man gasp, his body twitching a few times before slumping, face going still, a final “Hail HYDRA,” slipping from his lips. Blood pooled out behind him, spreading over the NYPD crest that was inlaid in the carpet. He was dead. It was over.
“Alexander Pierce is the current head of HYDRA. He wears the red mask but still gets to bask in the sun,” she sneered. “He is reason for everything happening. For how many people we’ve buried, for how much he lost. Think about our family. You really think that you’ll be satisfied knowing that all he got was life to waste away in prison?”
"It's already done," Pierce smiled maniacally. "You'll be gone by the end of the week. Do me a favor and say hello to your dear old Dad for me, won't you? You see, he answered my call, and he just
“Oh, I’m coming with,” Tony said, placing his mug on the counter. “I’m sure I’ll find a way to keep myself entertained,” he added, stripping off his pants while heading towards the patio door.
These two really were a match made in heaven. “Yes, Tony,” she said. “We’re done talking about our feelings.”
Tony tried to pry himself out from under but to no avail. The weight of the ceiling plus the extra weight of the metal suit proved to be too much for the engineer. Tony’s strengths had limits; he wasn’t Steve.
The clock was mocking him. It was broken, it had been when they’d walked into the room, but Steve couldn’t look away. Couldn’t stop looking at the second hand jerking back and forth, indefinitely forced to replay the same moment in time over and over again. It was a true reflection of the meeting they were in. It was Steve himself that had instituted immediate debriefs after missions – assuming no life-threatening injuries.
Steve huffed, jamming the phone back against his ear. “Listen, pal, I’m not interested in what you’re selling. Fuck off, alright?”
The four loaded the quintjet. Natasha setting the coordinates for home base. “Who the hell is he?” She gestured towards the limp fireman.
Sam had been blind for so long, but Riley hadn’t been. He had seen it, all those years ago. Seen through the lies and the bullshit. He’d tried to tell Sam, but he hadn’t listened. Hadn’t cared. But Sam cared now.
Barton took a deep breath. “Ok. We’ll go there now. But we’ll have to move fast; knowing my luck, Rogers will be breathing down our necks within a few hours.”
The redhead cocked her gun. “Oh, I don’t think so. I should’ve known you were in on this as well. Who are you supposed to be again? Sergeant Proctor?”
Tony scoffed. “I’m sure you’ll be able to entertain yourselves.” And with that, Tony entered the elevator, pushing the button to close the doors.
Steve looked back over at Tony, and saw the man struggling to stand up. He was clutching at his side from where the bullet pierced him.
Tony had spread the word that he released the unredacted police files to reveal The Captain’s identity, putting the man in the system. But, since new photos are added to the criminal data base every day, no one would be able to figure out which of the new records were the one of The Captain’s. Unless they knew what he looked like. And HYDRA knew. What Tony didn’t tell everyone was that he hid a back tracer within the files that he released. That way, whoever accessed the files of Joseph Grant could be tracked by JARVIS.
There was a resounding yes and they were off, moving as they once did. Windows were smashed, doors broken down, guns fired. It was just like the old days, Clint couldn’t help but notice. Soon, Tony would be back with them and they would be complete once again. He’d have his whole family again.
Now Steve and Bucky were both in pretty good shape, but Thor basically had a body of a god. After making a quick distraction, Steve forced Bucky out with whatever he could carry while he tried to fend off Thor. The fight that ensued was probably one of the worst one Steve had been in, both of the men almost killing each other several times.
Natasha held her breath as her fingers twitched, thinking about how Mrs. Barkley would sound as she squeezed her trachea. A few more moments passed before Natasha could hear a hum of disappointment before the footsteps started to retreat. No doubt the woman was already typing out an email on her phone with this week’s round of complaints itemized out. Barely two minutes later, a small chirp came from her own phone, laying on the desk opposite her.
And they would. He'd only caught a glimpse of it while he watched the fire burn, but the broken screams of his Captain would haunt him for the rest of his life. There was no telling what Steve would have done when the tears dried. There's no telling what he would have done if Phil never called him. There's no telling how long before the rest of the city was burning with them. But those were thoughts for a different night. Right now, he needed to find the rest of his family.
Bruce had said. Tony should be coming around shortly, but Steve found himself at a loss for words. What could he possibly say to him, when he wanted to say everything?
Steve trudged further along the bank, pulling his coat farther up against his neck. He scanned the shore line and out into the frozen waters, looking for any movement.
Steve watched as his two eldest slipped out from where they were hiding, behind the ratty sofa. “It’s alright kids, your father and I were just having a discussion.”
Steve shook his head. “Clint’s a professional. I trust him; sending you after him would send the wrong message. Besides, we need to deal with this.”
Fury leaned back in his chair. “When I was younger, just a beat cop, I remember bringing this guy in. We’d been chasing him for years but we just couldn’t pin him. One day, well, it was almost as if he’d just fallen right into our laps, handcuffs already on.” The man rubbed a hand over his bald head. “When I asked him how he’d managed to slip up, he said he pissed off the Librarians.”
Emily gave her a smile in return, but Natasha could see most of the compliment had gone over her head. Another reason that made Natasha want to bundle this child up and keep her close to her chest. Innocence was a tough trait to come by, precious, but all the harder to keep.
“Some assassin you are,” Tony grumbled, his eyes drawing to the plastic bag Steve was holding. “What’d you get?”
Tony rolled his eyes, before staring back at the screen. "Alright. Time to find out who you are, dear Cap- " Tony found himself breaking off when he spotted something else on the cameras.
“I just,” Bucky broke off with a laugh. “I can’t even compute this. I honestly don’t think there’s any blood left in my brain.”
Across the street, 2074 Rogers broke into the library, easily accessing a computer. He looked back down at his hand, his written numbers looking back up at him. He typed the numbers into the computer and hit enter.
Stark just waved him off. “Please, like this is putting a dent in my wallet. And I’m pretty sure that refusing to house Captain America is an act of treason. Also, Mr. Stark was my father. I’m just Tony.”
Raza flung the smaller man out of the way, eyes only for Tony. “You refuse to help me and I torture you. Back and forth the game goes, but there’s never a winner. I’m changing the game now, Stark.”
Natasha hummed in reply, staring blankly out her window. She didn’t make a comment the rest of the drive, no doubt mulling over their next options. It was one of the things that he loved about Natasha. While most people would choose a singular route, and maybe think a few steps ahead, she always spread her bets. Looking at every angle, each work around, and adapting flawlessly to the situation, no matter the curveball, until she came out on top.
The ride back home was uneventful, Tony barely noticing his surroundings as he was too lost inside his own thoughts. He bid his driver a good night, watching as the man got back in the car to drive back to SI. Instead of heading into his building, however, Tony walked back out and around the corner.
Steve didn’t smile back, pulling away from Tony again. “I didn’t do much of a stand up job last time,” he whispered.
his property. His closest neighbors where football fields away, and there were no trails nearby that someone could stray from.
Without giving Sam a chance to argue, Natasha started to walk towards the door. She pulled it open slowly, taking in her surroundings. The cubicles were still empty, littered with the occasional office supply. She could kill Pierce with a pen – it wouldn’t be the first time – but she wasn’t sure she would be able to get that close. No, she needed Ward’s gun. That wasn’t what she was out here for, anyway. She stared at the elevator across from her and smiled.
Now blue, on the other hand. On the lower shelves there was a dark shade, navy, that had caught his eye. It reminded him of his stealth suit, his favorite one – the first one that Tony had designed for him. Steve pictured Tony laying in the sea of blue, wrapped up in his own uniform’s color. A wave of possessive satisfaction curled in his lower gut. Tony would be draped over them, his tanned skin blending mixing beautifully with the darker pallet. He’d look up at Steve with half lidded eyes and a playful smirk, as his hand trailed down his chest and wiped his hand through -
The priest shot Steve a glare, but dutifully started the ceremony. “Do you, Steve Rogers, take this man to be your lawful wedded husband?”
And Tony wasn’t sure if it was the right moment or not – they were crashing together on an adrenaline high, holding off the last few minutes before leaving to face an unimaginable doom. But, in a moment of clarity, Tony could finally relate to every cliché in all those cheesy movies. The thought of Steve leaving with the chance of never returning, all without knowing what Tony had to say was an unbearable thought.
Steve immediately snapped his head towards his comrade, eyes searching for any type of injury. “What’s wrong?”
It was a question that Steve had asked himself many-a-times in this century, but like always, he never had an answer for himself. All he could do now was hope he still had enough to pick up the pieces and move forward. He briefly caught Bucky’s gaze, the other man praying the same thing.
He nodded to Tony with a wide smile, clapping Tony on his back as he headed up to the podium. Tony could see the faint uneasiness sitting behind his icy eyes. Tony hadn't confided with him what we was really speaking about today, just telling his CFO that it was just a fluff piece for the press, something for Stark Industries to use to gain some points in the public eye. While there hadn't been anything previous to this that Tony had kept from Obie - especially on matters involving company policies, Obie really did handle this sort of stuff better - Tony knew the man well enough to know what his stance on this would be. And he knew that he couldn't let Obie talk him out of this one. Not this time.
Tony closed his eyes. There was yet another problem he had to deal with. Pepper had come back from the ‘potential business merger’ in England, and it left Tony out of ideas again. He couldn’t exactly send her of to another country; he’d already tried to go the vacation route, but got nothing but an unimpressed gaze. She was starting to get suspicious. Part of Tony just wanted to run and tell her everything, wanting, needing the comfort of his friend. But he couldn’t. The Captain wasn’t going to be a problem now anyway; the less she knew about the entire matter, the better. Tony just had to keep Pepper out of the spotlight until he took care of HYDRA.
Which of course only got him a colder glare from Barnes. The Captain’s lap dog did not sit well with Tony. Well, none of The Commandos did; they were trained killers after all. Barnes, however, definitely takes the cake. His fierce protectiveness over his boss could be clearly seen on any day, but his hatred for Tony? Well that could be seen for miles.
Bucky leaned back, peeling Steve’s jacket back to see the wine stained shirt underneath. He gasped, his hands immediately pressing down on the wounds as hard as he could. “Come on, wake up,” he tried again. This couldn’t be happening. No way was he going to let Steve get this far, only to have him tap out now.
“That brings us to the second question of the hour,” interjected Sam. “Who’s they? We don’t think they’re HYDRA, so who could it be?”
Tony sat next to him on the bed. “There isn’t any way to get into the scheduling assistant unless you have access through our internal servers. That means that only a Stark Industries employee would have been able to write it in.”
At least he still had Bucky. The stubborn, bold shades that refused to be covered up completely, no matter how many new layers you tacked on. Not that Steve would ever want to, anyway.
His bleary eyes finally locked on to the voice. The one light in the room shone across the dark trench coat, showing the creases in all the leather. The man leaned down, his single eye staring intensely down at him.
The redhead walked over, drawing out her smelling salts. One whiff under his nose and the other man was gasping awake, his pale eyes darting around his new surroundings. Once he saw Steve, he started to laugh. “What a twist,” he said, voice gruff. “The Captain survived the ice.”
And what does he do now? He almost kills his best friend, as well as ending a friendship that had just started to flourish. Hell, half of his crew is MIA, the rest probably ready to quit after recent events.
his thoughts asked him cruelly. They were never really on the same side. Just working the same angle to get the job done. That's how it started, and that's how it should have finished. But no, it was like he was a child again, listening to his father yell into his ear -
The smell of an Italian roast hit them as they exited the elevator, and Steve and Bucky followed the scent unconsciously, knowing who would be at the source. Tony stood at the kitchen island, one hand cradling his mug to his chest protectively, the other furiously typing on a tablet. He was in a suit this morning, probably on his way out to the office.
Steve stroked his hands all down Tony’s skin, pausing when he felt scarring. Looking up, he saw Tony’s chest was covered in a network of old scars. He felt Tony freeze above him. Looking into his eyes, Steve could see Tony look at him with wide eyes,
"That's not good enough!" Tony roared, fists pounding on the table in front of him. "Our people are dying out there, Obie. Some are already turning in their resignations because they're too scared to come in to work. What kind of company can't even protect its own employees?"
Clint interrupted. “You actually think he’s going to help us? After everything? He’ll sell us out to the first person he sees.”
HYDRA coming back was enough to put everyone on edge. Clint still had no idea how they managed to get rid of them the first time. They were so
The other newcomer, Steve was not familiar with. The man was large, his dead eyes seemingly fixed on Steve since he walked into the room. He had a grim frown and a hardened face that had Steve’s insides churning.
Tony’s hands shook as they guided him over to the cavity in his chest. Clint caught the end of the plug, looking up at Tony for confirmation. He could only nod, the archer then reaching down into his chest. He let out a sob of relief when he felt the plug connect with the baseplate. His heart echoed the sentiment, pulsing wildly as it tried to reregulate. Black dots danced in front of his vision, threatening to take him from his consciousness.
“Apparently, it’s such a huge deal!” Tony added loudly, loud enough that her neighbor – who was no doubt pressed against her door – could hear.
“How you could possibly find that endearing makes me think that you were dropped on your head too much as a child,” Bucky drawled.
“It’s simple. You’ve brought both Stark and your crew so far into your own mess, that there's no way they can both make it out alive. You leave your crew to chase after Stark, and HYDRA will have the rest of your family dead by the time the sun sets. But if you run away with your crew? Then Stark will probably end up face down in a ditch just like his father. Either way, you lose.”
“An argument could be made for how much I’ve corrupted you,” Steve smirked. “Think I can request you as a bunkmate in prison?” he added, biting Tony’s neck.
“Yes,” Bucky answered before pausing. “No,” he added, much more quietly. “I just don’t want to say something we’ll regret.”
Tony screeched to a halt, grabbing Clint by the front of his vest, slamming him into the nearest wall. “You didn’t.”
But Bucky just grinned, slapping a hand against his back. “Well then, do I have some good news for you. I know you told me you only needed the one alive, but when I was out there, I thought to myself, ‘
Gathering all the pictures together, Tony froze when he heard a dull rhythmic thumping. He dropped the sketches, not stopping to see where they fell, and slipped back into the meeting room. Tony crept down the stairs, movements silent as the thumping got louder.
The other man nodded, already dashing back to his computer. “As long as it’s still on, we should be in business.”
Tony laughed. "Again? If you think today's incidents constituent as kidnapping, then you've got pretty low standards, buddy."
But Clint wasn’t buying any of it. He sent everyone away once he was basically put under house arrest. He wouldn’t even let Nat in.  What was worse was that with each passing day, the more Bucky realized that it wasn't like last time. Peggy's death hadn't been Bucky's fault, it was HYDRA. Logically, Steve knew that, but losing a loved one like that, he more than deserved to take it out on the only person within hearing distance. But Coulson? Well, Bucky wasn't exactly convinced that it wasn't his fault. For as much as he could try and convince himself that he made the right choice, that what he did was the best scenario, he couldn't get past the the issue that regardless of that, he'd still left Coulson there. He'd just tucked and run; it
Tony hadn’t meant to confide in Barnes about Phil, especially not talking to Steve about it first, but it just sort of happened. One minute, they were in silence, Tony tapping nervously on the steering wheel as they drove to SI’s office downtown, the next Tony was rambling, spitting the truth like a geyser.
“What truth?” Phil cried in response. “I’ve answered all of your questions. What more could you possibly need to know?!”
It was impersonal, but that didn’t surprise Clint. He knew Tony well enough that the man did his best work covered in grease in a dimly lit basement lab. Tony had just thrown everything on the nearest couch and stomped over to the computer. From what Tony told him, someone at SI was responsible for his kidnapping. Clint couldn’t really imagine how that felt – he didn’t know what he would think if someone from the team stabbed him in the back like that.
“Look what happened to the SSR,” Steve shrugged. “We were in everyone’s pockets, and they were in all of ours. But we got too big, cast out too far. We couldn’t see what was happening right in front of us, couldn’t see the huge targets that we had painted on our backs. They all died. And I won’t – I
HYDRA was up to something, he just couldn’t figure it out. There were never overpowering numbers when they got there. No close calls, no explosions, no hostage situations. The attacks were less coordinated, sloppy even, and so unlike HYDRA’s usual M.O. It was driving Steve insane.
But Steve knew he could never leave. He had worked so hard to get here; he wasn’t going to sit idly by and let HYDRA terrorize Brooklyn, terrorize New York. He owed everyone that much.
So, yea. Tony was a little behind schedule. Not to worry though. The team had moved in, and so far, there hadn’t been complaints about any of the floors, and Fury seemed pretty pleased. Tony wouldn’t have to worry about them anymore, giving him plenty of time to focus his projects here to get the Pepper and the board of directors off his back for a while.
Plenty of time for us to get back on the road so I can go complain to Natasha. In fact, I might just decide to stay with her.”
Steve saw the gray haired boy tense up, almost vibrating with energy, ready to make a mad dash out of the kitchen.
Natasha took a deep breath before charging into the room. Her hands were almost on autopilot, the gun moving from target to target, dropping the armed guards around Pierce before any of them could react. After the third body hit the floor Natasha paused, slinking over in front of Pierce, gun trained on the back of his head.
Tony groaned dramatically. “What are you gonna do, make me? We’ve already established you won’t shoot me. I don’t think you understand what you’re asking me to do.”
Tony opted to ignore him, placing the new reactor in Pepper’s hand. “Come on, we’ve got to get this in,” he told her, before placing the phone to his ear.
The car door was ripped open. “What the hell happened?” Tony snapped his head up to be met with the face of Clint Barton. Tony had been so distraught over Steve that he hadn’t even realized that they’d reached The Commandos current hideout.
“Alright then,” The Captain sighed. “Let’s get started.” He was seated at the head of the table, looking just as tired as Tony felt. “I’m sure everyone’s been briefed on what happened at the warehouse,” he said. “You’ll all be happy to know that we pulled away with a win,” The Captain added with a brief glance at Tony.
“No worries.” He tried to shoot them a winning smile as he stood up, walking back over to the front door. “You came, and that’s enough for me.”
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” Steve almost shouted, making sure his voice carried through the other cubicles. “Pretend to be upset,” he whispered down at Mrs. Hogenson, smiling when the woman caught on immediately, beginning to sob as she walked away from his desk. Steve collapsed back into his chair, glad to know that he’d manage to get some sleep tonight.
Steve lay gasping for air as Tony approached him again. “You’re lucky that wasn’t set to full power. Now I’m going to ask you one last time. Who are you, and where did you get these numbers?”
“Tony!”  Her white pantsuit was stained, dirty with debris and dust, and there was a small bruise on her cheek, but otherwise looked unharmed.
There, standing in the middle of the chaos, was Phil, looking the worst Clint had ever seen him. The man was staring at the blaze, horror etched on his face as he ignored the men around him.
Steve gave the man a small smile. “Don’t worry, Buck. You already helped in more ways than you know.”
Tony didn’t get a response, but he didn’t think he would get one. The Barton that was looking at him was the one that Tony used to see when he had been researching the Commandos. The still photos encompassing ‘The Hawk’, the man hidden in the high shadows. His targets would never see him coming until they were already dead. Tony knew, from being on the other side of the look, that he was as good as dead himself. That’s what he gets for doing the right thing. Somehow, it didn’t seem to bother him. He had known he had been walking into the lions den, but this was something that he couldn't bury. It had kept him up enough nights while he was captive, but the tipping point finally came when he was home, tucked into bed with Steve, the blonde sadly explaining how Clint had fallen off the wagon.
Natasha scoffed. “Are you kidding me? I know you’re sleeping with Steve. But look, here you are, at 3 a.m., out here. Is he just another one of your conquests? You can’t even spend the whole night with him, can you?”
“Fuck,” Tony whispered to himself. He only cursed himself again as he watched The Captain, along with Barnes and Barton, slip over the metal fence against the back of the property.
One of Steve’s many qualities, one that Tony found incredibly hot, was that sometimes he got a little too protective when it came to the team. Nothing made Tony get all hot and bothered more than a Captain America on a rampage when one of the team was put in the line of fire.
“We need to head back to base,” said Tony. Steve smiled at the fact that Tony was pressed close against his side, unwilling to leave any space between them.
