“I’m going back to bed,” Tony said, and stood up and started to cross the room before Pepper stopped him.
There he sat, Pepper, holding him tightly and thinking through options, Tony gently crying into her sweater, curled up against her. After Tony had stopped crying, Pepper sat him up and looked into his eyes.
So that night, in the privacy of his own floor, in his bedroom with he door locked, he had discovered the wide expanses of his new discovery. He had stayed up far too late, watching video after video, enthralled and aroused to all new levels. Although he wouldn’t have admitted it to anyone, including himself, the fact that Tony knew he was doing this spurred his arousal quite a bit.
“Yeah, of course!” Steve said, a little too enthusiastically, as he watched Tony type away at the computer with adoring eyes that nobody could deny.
“We’re making sure you get better again okay?” She spoke softly, looking into his eyes, “Right now we’re going to make sure your basic needs are taken care of though, alright?”
“Yeah! I’d need to get Steve- He’s my roommate and best friend- first though? I kinda have this thing about going to places with new people” Bucky shrugged, but Tony could see the anxiety behind it.
He noticed how Steve tended to disappear between team activities and missions, how he would occasionally walk sort of funny when he came from his room, and began to mentally take note of this.
Almost everyone knew about what he had gone through a year ago, but nobody really understood. Pepper, for the most part, understood the most, but even then. Nobody had been kidnapped and tortured for three months because of their father’s wealth. Nobody had their Father sacrifice his only son because he didn’t feel like paying the ransom. In any case, they underestimated how smart he was. He had escaped, but it had taken long enough that he was permanently traumatized. Well, that was what his school-assigned therapist had said. His dad had essentially told him to suck it up.
Natasha just watches, watches Rhodey try to bring him out, watches the usually sarcastic and spirited man wander aimlessly through the halls. They still hadn’t heard from Clint, and left to assume the worst of her closest teammate’s state, she was in a similar state. A trained assassin, however, built to endure the worst and keep on going, she does just that. Keep going about her life, hiding the nights she spends crying for those that are lost, and holding on to the little sanity she can. Her only comfort turns out to be Bruce.
“That… was good” Tony said quietly, blissed out from his orgasm, and looking up lovingly at the man above him, moving to the side as he finished so Steve could lie down next to him, smiling at the other man.
Steve Rogers was a curious man. When he had woken up in the 21st century, he had discovered he had a lot to learn. Although part of him wanted to be lazy, and only learn about what he had to, he had instead listened to the part of him that was intrigued by this new world, and in particular, the internet.
Suddenly he wasn’t in his dorm room, he was in a dark and decrepit warehouse, strapped down to a metal table. He was screaming, his lungs aching from the prolonged use, as he shouted for help. Deep down he remembered the feeling of knowing it wouldn’t come. Knowing he was stranded and alone, that his screams were for nothing. The scene played out before him, the pain as they sliced across his skin, as they injected him with various drugs. Then, then they asked him to work for them.
He let himself be pulled towards her, too frail and weak to do anything else, both physically and emotionally.
“Oh, that’s cool. I’m Bucky” Bucky said, quickly trying to rectify the situation as he noticed the discomfort obvious in Tony’s body language.
“It’s been a year, you know? A year since I came back. I should be over this by now Pepper.” He said, staring back at the ground and wrapping his arms around himself.
As he walked in, he was greeted by the sight of a completely wrecked captain america, with a red and gold dildo in his ass, completely naked and covered in sweat as he lie back on his couch, eyes shut as he thrust  it in and out of him, moans and whimpers filling the air and Tony’s dick, which was already hard as he had come to Steve’s floor in hopeful anticipation, was now rock solid, a bulge appearing at the front of his pants as he raked his eyes over Steve’s beautiful form.
“Tony it’s not just going to go away because it’s been a year. You were tortured, and you don’t cut yourself enough slack for that. You’re still alive and working away at college, you barely took any time off from school, and you just keep going. You’re so strong, but you need to take care of yourself and let yourself have time to deal.” She was sitting next to him now, on the floor, and had taken his hand into hers.
That was where Pepper found him a week later, after coming back from her home and going to check on him. Sitting in a pile of cans and dirty mugs, in front of his computer, having slept a few hours at most, and the list went on. It was one of the worst states she had seen him in, and a deep pang of guilt for leaving him alone swept through her body. She knew he wasn’t her responsibility but even then, she felt responsible.
He was sulking, he knew he was, and he knew Pepper refused to deal with him when he was sulking, so when her voice came again, in a mournful tone, he wasn’t surprised with what it was saying.
Tony reached out and hugged him, a gesture they hadn’t let happen yet but one that Tony, still the overly touch striving one, knew in his heart was right. So they sat there, Steve turned to his side hugging Tony, his face in his shoulder, and Tony leaning forward, clutching on to the man, trying to send all the good feelings he could through the touch to the quietly crying man.
“Yeah I kinda got… interrupted when we got called out so uh… if you don’t mind i’d like to go back to that?” Tony stared at the ground awkwardly, the tension in the air slicing through his confident and sarcastic exterior as he tried to ignore his aching attraction to the taller man.
“Come for me, so pretty Steve, come on my dick” Tony lets out, reaching between them to grasp his dick, grasping his hips hard enough to leave bruises as he pounds into him. It’s only moments before Steve is clenching around Tony’s dick, coming in spurts that land across the man underneath him’s chest, and the feeling of Steve coming around him sends Tony over the edge, and he orgasms into Steve, and they both stay there for a few moments, high on pleasure and overwhelming sensations.
“Alright, guys, time to start!” The man at the front suddenly spoke, and the two quieted down, waiting for their turn to introduce themselves.
“So I’m Tony, I uh, got kidnapped and torture-” He started.
That had caused Tony to fumble, electrocuting himself, and look up as a blush formed across his cheeks.
They stay like that for a time, moans echoing through the room and cries of expletives and each others names, before Steve begins to feel the pleasure build up.
“So you know all you need to about my arm now?” Bucky said as he took his arm back, looking rather suspicious.
“Hey Stark, you good?” He heard over the comm line, as he flew off to go take on enemies elsewhere, ignoring the way his eyes traced over Captain Rogers body, and he felt a rush of blood to his semi-hard dick.
“I’m gonna… oh! I’m gonna come!” He moans out, bouncing faster and harder on Tony’s dick, each time hitting his sweet spot and sending waves of pleasure coursing through his body.
“Yes, and now I hate existing because I’ve probably fucked up one, if not two, of the best friendships I have. So I’m going back to bed.” He slipped under the covers and made a point of turning on his side facing the wall, away from Pepper.
They became stronger, eventually Steve started working out again, and Tony ventured into his abandoned workshop, and all of them, Bruce, Natasha, Rhodey, Tony, and Steve, they all fell into a rhythm again. Bruce and Tony worked together, building and inventing together like everything was okay, because for once, it kind of was. Natasha helped Rhodey out at the military, found a place in their ranks. Tony built Steve an art studio, just next to his workshop, and Steve found himself sometimes working with Natasha and Rhodey, and sometimes working on his art. They found peace.
“Jarvis?” He spoke into the empty room, ignoring the odd looks from those accompanying him.
He began by sliding his tongue across the tip, lapping up the precome that had created a wet spot previously in the discarded boxers, and swirling his tongue around the tip, eliciting soft noises from the man above him, skillfully sending pleasure all throughout Steve’s body. Steve took the hair at the back of Tony’s head into his hand as Tony surrounded his dick in his mouth, one hand pumping back and forth at the base, and the other around his own dick, as he moved his mouth up and down on Steve’s dick, tongue moving around it inside his mouth.
He quickly changed, not caring that he was in the same room as Pepper, who was too busy tidying up to notice. He sat down on his freshly made bed and noticed she had all of his energy-supplying instant coffee packs in a garbage bag.
Half an hour later he was standing outside the door to the help group, next to Pepper, and very distinctly not smiling.
“I can’t get the image out of my head, you know? Of him vanishing, right in front of me. He was my best friend, the only one who believed in me. I lost him, and when I got him back it was bittersweet but it was still good, but now I’ve lost him again.” He turned to face Tony, the ache in his chest reflected on his face.
“Yes sir, how can I help?” the computer played out, using the audio clips he had taken from his homes security footage, from the real Edwin Jarvis speaking.
It was an hour later when he found Steve. Hiccuping and stumbling across the party, he had spotted him drawing, and with his intoxicated brain denying all logic, the possibilities of this interaction going sideways, and he had drunkenly half fallen across the room into Steve’s lap. This, in addition to his shirtlessness due to a forgotten game of strip-poker, was enough to startle Steve immensely.
“Scanning” Came the voice, which even itself seemed amused, and after a few seconds the voice returned with “Scan complete, uploaded to your desktop.”
The shower wasn’t fun. After being waterboarded while in captivity, showering had sort of lost its appeal. Yet he made it through it, made sure the water was warm before he even stepped into the stream of droplets. When he did, he focused on Pepper waiting for him, focused on his caring embrace and not the memories that fought for control of his mind, that fought to be the primary image in his broken brain. He thought that even if he did collapse, if something happened, Pepper would come to get him and it would be okay. He would be okay. Pepper was here now and he would be okay.
He had found himself attracted to Steve from the beginning, but ever since Steve had come to him questioning what porn was, he had been unable to ignore the images in his mind of him with his hand around his dick, and how beautiful the man would look like that. So Tony had found himself coming multiple times to that idea, hoping that nobody would ever figure out about his secret desire for his teammate.
Steve and Tony had started being more functional as they sat and watched the movies. Steve would sit with a sketchbook, propped against Tony’s legs which sat across his lap, and draw piece after piece. Tony would sit and tinker with various parts, occasionally Bruce would bring him some diagrams or a problem on a tablet screen to work out, and they he would sit with his back propped up by a pillow and work. They rewatched movies, rarely paying attention to them other than to make a silly joke. As Tony began to perk up, his humour would reappear from time to time, with quiet pokes of “That’s you” to Steve when a character would do something that reminded him of the man, or even just when a character did something silly. Steve would chuckle gently, and reply “Okay Tony” With a fond smile on his face.
“Thank you, Tony. I’ll be there at 2:45 pm to bring you to the 3:00 pm meeting okay? I’ll take you there, so you don’t have to walk alone.” She reached out across the table and held his hands in hers, drawing her thumb across his palm, back and forth.
The day dragged on, and he worked hard. It kept his mind off everything to keep busy, and although he’d never admit it to his friends, he was thankful they had gotten him this job. Pepper came in at one point to say goodbye before heading home to her family, and Rhodey was already gone. He couldn’t wait until they got back, he was never okay on his own.
Bruce and Natasha finally announced that they were together to the group, and although it was known for long before, they all smiled and joked at the two, at the glares Natasha gave Tony when he joked about it and the intensely blushing Bruce Banner. Soon after Steve and Tony let them know, and the others, although surprised they had finally gotten there, knew it had been coming.
“All set to go, sir” Was the response, playing through the speaker that sat in the ceiling.
This of course, was right when Steve Rogers, who although he was prepared to take it to his grave, was definitely an object of some of his fantasies, decided to walk in.
Steve continued to watch Tony, occasionally asking questions about what he was doing, which Tony eagerly answered, giving Steve warm smiles, as he started developing a new blueprint for his redesign of the arm that would have more flexibility, be lighter, and maybe even had a computer built in that he could use to call for help if he needed it. It would be strong too because there was no doubt in his mind that having a strong metal arm would be amazing. He asked Bucky if he wanted extra features and Bucky just seemed to smile and shake his, saying something about how he just liked watching him and Steve work together. Steve had interrupted that to mention that maybe Bucky needed blasters in his hand, and Tony had quickly picked up on that until Pepper made it very clear that there were to be no hand-blasters, so he had instead decided on making it so the arm would be controlled by his brain waves. Steve seemed very interested in that, and after a long technical explanation that left him looking more confused than anything, he settled on just saying it would do what Bucky wanted like a normal arm.
“Hey, it’s okay to cry, even Captain America can’t be strong all the time. I still love him a ton though.” Tony spoke, offering a vulnerable smile to the pained soldier.
“Oh, yeah! That class was great.” He returned, smiling at the common interest, and they walked into the building together, continuing to chat about various classes.
“Yep, just messed up a bit. Can’t be as perfect as I usually am, constantly” He quipped, voice dripping with sarcasm, and he consciously avoided Steve for the rest of the fight.
He nodded, wiping his tears away with the sleeve of his long t-shirt, a coffee spill-stained shirt that needed to be washed.
Steve used his other hand to begin trying to pull Tony’s shirt off, and seeing his struggle, Tony stood up and stripped, and after frowning at the loss of the kiss, Steve quickly smiled again as he looked over the other man.
“Oh, uh..” Tony started, curling in on himself, his flight reflex screaming at him to run away, get out of here, escape this.
“Oh Tony, did you confess your feelings to Steve?” She said the sympathetic tone he knew so well appearing in her voice, as she sat beside Natasha to face him.
“Need you. Tell me if that’s okay. If you want me gone I’ll leave but god I want you right now” Tony said, voice low and filled with lust.
“Yeah” Tony sighed and ignored the blush that crept into his cheeks with self-consciousness.
Then came the party.
Rhodey tries with no success to reach out to him, to connect to an empty shell that used to contain the spirit of his best friend, left reeling and more alone than ever because he’s lost Tony too, even if he didn’t die. That almost makes it worse.
“Let’ go!” She said enthusiastically, pulling him out the door.
There were still bad days, days when his mind replayed the image of Bucky disintegrating over and over again. Days when Tony wouldn’t come out of his room. Days when both of them were so overwhelmed by darkness that being next to each other felt like drowning in a sea of pain. Those days were when Rhodey took care of them both, although he was still hurting it was less so than the two of them, and he had found comfort earlier, through his work with the army. As well, seeing Tony become a bit more himself had made the darkness in him shrink slightly.
It became common place, each day they would sit on the couch, eventually sitting right next to each other, Tony would chose some movies, and they would sit and watch. Steve began updating Rhodey on each development with Tony, and Rhodey, although slightly jealous of his bond with Tony, was overjoyed at each new advancement. On days when Rhodey was too busy, schedule full of military duties, Steve began taking care of Tony, savoured his quiet “Thank you”’s and soft “Goodnight”’s. Steve found strength in the younger man, and soon that strength became his own.
“Tony! What are you… what are you doing here?” He stammered, dildo still in his ass.
So if when he had gotten the notification it had been delivered, and had noticed that Steve disappeared for the rest of the day, he had quietly gone to his room and gotten off, nobody had to know.
He didn’t spend long in the shower, quickly washed his hair, rinsed himself off, and turned it off. He felt faint as he dried his body with his towel, before wrapping himself in it and quickly walking back to his room.
After that, he almost cried, which he hated, but Bucky noticed and gently reached his hand over to his and held it. It was a merely platonic gesture, simply brought on by the comfortable environment where something like that was okay, but it meant the world to Tony. He held onto the cool metal, and absentmindedly played with Bucky’s hand for the rest of the session.
He had started out on his own, using the laptop that each room in the compound had, and trying to figure out how to work it. However after a bit, he realized he had no idea what he was doing, and needed help. Then he had gone to Tony.
It was a week later when Tony spoke to Steve for the first time, in a voice so quiet he almost didn’t notice.
“Fiiiiine,” He said, smiling fully now as he sat cross-legged, letting the warmth of her motherly-love wash over his cold, cold body.
It was one of such nights, when in his turned on state, had discovered dildos, and in particular, had found a website selling avengers ones. So, mind muddled by arousal, he had bought one, in particular the iron man one, and a bottle of lube. He wasn’t sure whether he was regretful or excited by his purchase when he remembered the next morning, thankful that the package was described as nondescript. He would rather die than have his teammates know what he was up to.
“Hey Tony, you okay? You seemed a little o-” He stopped as he was greeted by the sight of a desperate, aroused Tony Stark, palming his obvious erection through the boxers he had thrown on before getting in his suit.
“Oh, you finally heard of it huh? Took long enough.” He said boldly, even though Steve had definitely noticed the reaction, “I kinda figured you had that back in your day, but then again, you might not have been around it considering your…” he paused, looking up from where he had gone back to his work. “Unpopularity? I’m not sure. Anyways, porn, is essentially videos and pictures that are… you know, sexually explicit?”
Steve, very enthusiastically, began taking strides from where he was standing to the bed, starting to undo his pants as he approached him, impatient due to his achingly hard dick. As he reached the bed, Tony reached out, still riding the dildo, to pull down Steve’s pants. As he pulled them down over the other man’s erection, it sprung out, still constrained by his boxers, but the hardness even more apparent now. He slid the boxers down to join his pants on the ground, and smiled as he saw the large dick for the first time, very happy with Steve’s size.
“H-ey Tony, what’s up?” He said awkwardly, blush rising in his cheeks.
Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, was currently moaning his heart out in his workshop and ignoring the world. He had been working, keyword being “had,” however now he was bouncing up and down on a bright pink dildo. His hand wrapped around his dick as each time he slammed down on the silicone dick it hit his sweet spot, and waves of pleasure rippled throughout his body. Tony was loud, anyone who knew anything knew that, and that was the same in bed. However, he hadn’t been in bed with anyone since him and Pepper broke up. Instead, far too often, he found himself where he was currently, on the small bed in his workshop, pleasuring himself.
“Jarvis?” He spoke, feeling a bit silly speaking into the empty dorm room.
“Not, really, no?” Pepper responded, giving him a questioning look.
He closed the blinds, wondering why they hadn’t been closed in the first place and sat down on his floor after grabbing an aspirin and a mug of coffee, quietly waiting for the two to wake up. Then memories from last night started to come back, and suddenly he was in emotional pain as well as the physical pain from his hangover.
“Have fun!” Was all he heard from Tony as he left, and if it was even possible, his blush deepened.
It was around 2am when he got the notification, he was working in his workshop, tinkering away on some new arrows for Clint, when he saw it pop up. Reading through the information displayed on his screen, he quickly found himself blushing, and clicking to find out more about the super soldiers… interesting purchase.
He liked Steve on a personal level. He liked his art and his smile and the way he would bring him coffee while he was working. He liked how his brain worked, how he would make everything he touched into art. He liked working with him, how they fit perfectly together, how Steve tried to understand everything even though he really didn’t. There were so many things that contributed to his emotions for the man. Sometimes while Steve wasn’t looking he would just stare at his blue eyes, thinking about how much they held and how he wished he could spend an eternity swimming in them. He memorized the patterns his face, the faint freckles that danced like galaxies across his cheeks, the slight bags under his eyes from staying up too late working on a painting, the way his cheeks turned the perfect hue of pink when he caught Tony staring and they would make eye contact for just a moment, before both would go back to their individual tasks, embarrassed.
“Oh.” Steve paused, and continued to just stare at the man in front of him, suddenly realizing what he had just asked, before deciding to cut his losses and leave. “Alright, bye Tony!” He quickly turned around and started towards the door.
“Right yeah, uh, normal human stuff. No. I just think prosthetics are cool and this is the coolest one I’ve ever seen.” Tony commented, as he curled back up into the bean bag and subsequently went back into his shell.
As he started moving, he moved his lips to Tony’s collarbone and began biting and sucking at the skin, leaving purple and red marks that would be obvious to anyone who looked even slightly at Tony, but he didn’t care. He wanted to show the world that the smaller man was his, and nobody else could have him.
“Can you please pass the remote?” Came a whisper, and Steve turned to see the man, tears in his eyes, wrapped in a blanket, holding his shaking hand out.
“Ye-ah! All good, just having a good time and got carried away. Did Steve tell you that?” Tony replied, almost dropping the tray as he abruptly remembered what he had been aggressively ignoring.
As they begin to come down Tony pulls out, and they both collapse together, a mess of heavy breathing. Tony uses a blanket to wipe the come off their bodies, before throwing it away and falling asleep underneath the super soldier, and their soft snores echo through the room.
The next day, a Sunday, he found himself sitting in the lab the whole day, and around the middle of the day, he heard a knock at the door.
Tony quietly watched from the counter as the tall blond man in the corner drew, staring out the window at the sunny day outside, the hint of a smile on his face. That was the first time Tony realized he might have a crush on him. As he watched the winter sun danced across his admittedly perfect face, and the focus in his eyes that was visible even from across the cafe. Those eyes, Tony loved to stare into them and smile when he came up to order. He hadn’t meant for this to happen when he had gotten the job at the small coffee shop on campus, he had just wanted something to do with his time. Something that was more healthy than his usual unhealthy coping mechanisms. He may be Tony Stark, but he liked to keep that down. Aside from his brilliance, he was just a normal kid. A normal 19-year-old trying to get through college. To be fair, it was mostly due to Pepper and Rhodey’s push that he got the job, instead of sitting in his dorm room with a bottle of whiskey.
“I should have been able to save him.” Came a quiet voice from beside Steve, and Steve, silently pausing the movie turned to him.
“Tony, to be fair, you yourself have a “sob story” and it’ll help okay? Maybe you need to realize that this isn’t just going to go away, you need to get help. Maybe being around other people like yourself will help you to let yourself get help.” She spoke softly, gently, yet with a firm intonation that resonated within Tony’s mind.
“Me too, fuck” Tony stammered, the pleasure of being fucked and also Steve’s hand on his dick overwhelming.
“I got drunk and made bad decisions, and then passed out, what else is new.” He spoke, pushing past Pepper to sit on the side of his bed, glancing briefly at the awkward looking red-haired girl half sitting up on his spare bed.
“Hey, hey, sweetheart, what’s wrong?” She said, pulling his face back to look at her, and he reluctantly met her eyes. “Flashbacks again?”
He woke up with a headache that felt like it was splitting his brain in half, and suddenly the light drifting in from his window was too bright. The dull snoring of a person- two people? In the empty bed across from him was too loud, and then after a second of thinking about this, he realized that there were other people in his room.
“Hey, Tony! How goes the arm?” He said, walking in casually, relief flooding Tony’s body as he came to the conclusion this was just a normal visit.
It was then that he realized that although he had almost become numb to the constant bad news that ran day in and day out on the news channels, it most likely would hurt the others, and he quickly picked up the remote and gently placed it in the smaller mans hand.
Tony, who had been very close to coming, had heard the alert and nearly fallen off the bed out of sheer panic, and when he realized what it was,had sighed and got up. It wasn’t necessarily that he wanted to stop, in fact if it weren’t for previous incidents where Agent Coulson had walked into his workshop to find him lying on his back, covered in sweat, furiously pumping his dick with his hand, he probably would have continued. However, he did not want a repeat of that incident.
Surprisingly, he managed to make it through the rest of the interaction without incident, even staying to help clean up against the will of his dick. However, after two hours, far too long for him to still even have any amount of his previous erection left, he still could not get his mind off of the erotic imagery playing through his head. So half way through debriefing he excused himself, some sarcastic excuse that was half hearted and spoken while exiting the room, and left to his workshop.
This of course, was when Tony opened his eyes, and looked around at the group gathered above him, and then at the naked man sleeping on top of his also naked body.
From then on, Tony had taken it onto himself to re-educate Steve Rogers. He had started with teaching him to use technology around the tower, how to use Friday and the various computers around the building. How to use his laptop, and then they tackled the internet. It had taken a bit for Steve to begin to grasp everything, but eventually he had figured out the basics to everything, and had been given a list of movies, tv shows, and music to look into to be “a little more cultured” as Tony had said.
“Steve? Did he say anything?” Tony perked up, head popping up at the mention of his source of sadness.
“Uh… thanks. For letting me hold your hand. That was really nice of you.” He says, anxiously scratching at his arm, and staring at the ground.
Steve’s stance shifted back to his authoritative pose, smiling at the smaller man as he began lubing up the dildo, then his fingers. Tony sat back, running his fingers over his hole, and beginning to push into himself, watching as Steve’s face filled with lust, staring down at him through his eyelids.
“Don’t worry, this won’t hurt. Jarvis, scan?” He said, looking up at the ceiling, which earned a grin from Steve.
“C’mon Tony, it’ll be okay. I’ll be here when it’s over, but you need to face this on your own, okay? Goodbye.” She quickly hugged him, and as he contemplated just running away, she pushed him into the door.
“Wait Steve is the art guy?” Tony said as he saw Bucky and the man who was supposedly Steve arrived at the building where he and Pepper were standing.
At first he had thought that the fight would have killed his boner, that he would have fallen out of the mood as soon as they started battle, and it all would be okay. That, however, was where he was wrong. The adrenaline coursing through his bloodstream as he jumped and flew across the city, sending repulsor blasts at every robot in sight, only fuelled his hard-on. Although he was no longer furiously erect, he was still hard, and felt the brush of fabric against his dick each time he moved a certain way, and he had to muffle a moan and desperately hope that the communication lines did not send his stifled sounds.
He just didn’t want this to be it.
Tony collapsed on top of Steve, lips crashing together as Tony slid his hands across Steve’s chest, and he began to grind against him, dicks rubbing together as they made out passionately, tongues wrapped against each other as Steve, using one hand to continue to fuck himself on the dildo, moaned into Tony’s mouth.
Tony found the whole thing rather uneventful, but it wasn’t… bad. He actually found himself enjoying the comfort he found in the mixed group, with other people who had experienced similar things, flashbacks, avoidance, anxiety. The whole shebang. He found out Bucky’s story, he had been taken from an orphanage and used to experiment tech on and had lost his arm when he tried to escape, so they replaced it with the one he had now (he felt a little guilty about asking about his arm now.) Tony decided that he was going to ask about how he felt about having an arm that was given to him by someone who had been very cruel and unkind to him and whether he’d like a new one or not. The worst part of the session was one conversation that had happened when he introduced himself.
Sometimes it was just Tony and Steve, somedays they would go back to their spots on the couch during the day and would hold each other as they cried. It was one of these days when Tony looked up and kissed Steve, smiling into his mouth through tears, and they finally let themselves be more. They slept in the same bed now, and they were always there for the other when nightmares took hold of their fragile souls and shook them to the core.
“Goodbye Sir, nice to meet you!” The British AI returned, and Tony grinned from ear to ear as he shut his laptop.
“No not at all” Tony spoke with a smirk, before moving to his bed and the dildo, picking up a bottle of lube from a table, his confidence surging at the other man’s interest.
“Oh Steve, I know you did. I know he was so much greater than what I saw of him because I could see that you saw more. I wish you still had him because all I want is for you to be happy.”
It becomes common, an unspoken trust between two aching souls to help one another, simply through company. Soothing silence becomes small touches and short words, evolves into tearful hugs, which in turn evolves into soft kisses and small gestures. They don’t label themself anything, what they have seeming so fragile that even mentioning it might break it, although the others notice. They leave it be, a quiet understanding between the five.
As they arrived, Tony went to one of the labs' computers, which he had hooked up to all the machines and general lab tech, and had also upgraded pretty much everything in his spare time (he had essentially claimed the lab as his at this point) and quickly transported the AI code from the USB in his pocket to the computer, and hooked it up to the rooms technology.
Next chapter out! Enjoy everyone <3
Steve took this opportunity to bring their lips together, tongues crashing together as the two men kissed passionately. It was intense, full of lust and arousal, as their tongues intertwined and Tony moaned into Steve’s mouth. Steve held onto the smaller man and shoved them both down onto the bed, so they were lying down, Steve on top, as they kissed and began to grind into each other.
Steve had taken a bit to figure out how to use the dildo. It had been an entire day of experimentation, of discovering a whole new type of pleasure, and moaning loudly into the expanse of his area in the tower, and occasionally including Tony’s name in his desperate noises.
“You wanna see what I’m working on?” He said quietly, ignoring the tears that stung at his eyes as he accepted her hug and leaned into her chest, placing his forehead against her shoulder.
“Yeah for sure, I honestly can’t wait to get rid of this thing.” Bucky gave a pained smile as he made his way to the table, lying down and watching as Tony brought a tray of supplies over. “I heard you passed out at a party yesterday, by the way, you all good?”
“It got bad again Pep, it got bad” He whispered, tears biting at his eyes and trailing down his cheeks, following the path of many that had been there previously.
“So good, almost there, doing so well for me” Steve moaned out, the praise sending joy throughout Tony, as his heavy breathing sent shivers down Steve’s spine and he pushed all the way in, bottoming out.
They spent the night messing around with the AI Tony was creating, and Tony felt somewhat okay as he sobered up, sitting next to Pepper. He may have also told her about the art guy, and she had (gently) laughed at him.
Bucky nodded, and they began, Tony working away at replacing things and being as delicate and careful as he could, and focusing on the task at hand, glad that things with him and Bucky were okay.
As Tony lie back down on top of Steve, skin against skin, he flipped them so Steve was on top, straddling the smaller man as their lips met once again, and Tony reached between them to take both their dicks into his hand, stroking them together, and using the other hand to take Steve’s hand off the dildo and replace it with his own, aggressively fucking it into him, drinking up the moans that Steve lets out like honey, overwhelming his senses.
He went to work that night, sitting in the cafe and serving people their drinks, cashing people through, ignoring everything on his mind. Ignoring the pang that echoed through his body as he realized, while closing, that Steve hadn’t come in even when he usually did. Steve, he thought, had figured out his schedule after they became friends because he always came in when Tony was in, and his coworkers had noticed too. He figured it was just him being friendly, and feeling comfortable with someone he knew. This was the first time he hadn’t seen him during his shift, and his heart ached and his stomach tossed, both of which he desperately tried to ignore.
So they arrived, and after about an hour Pepper had found a girl named Natasha who she was currently making out with, Steve and Bucky had found somewhere to sit and draw and read, respectively, and Tony, well, Tony had found the alcohol. Which really hadn’t been hard, it was everywhere to be fair, and he was the son of an alcoholic. So he sat, and he drank, and he drank, and he drank.
Rhodey brought home a girl named Carol, and they all clapped for him because they were so proud of him finally letting himself be more than just their caretaker.
“No problem!” Bucky says, tucking his hair behind his ear and smiling a genuine smile.
“Nah I’ll stay if that’s okay with you Steve?” Bucky responded, gesturing to Pepper in reference to their previous conversation.
“Yeah I have no idea, maybe he’s just stressed?” Tony replied, ignoring the look Bucky gave him like he knew he was lying.
So he kept going, learning coping mechanisms, learning to be a normal person, ignoring the snide comments from the man across the circle who seemed to cope with his past abuse by being mean to everyone, which he could relate to. That was the only reason he didn’t punch him across his dumb face.
The next morning he awoke around 12, and groggily dragged himself out of bed, sighing as he remembered his obligation for the day, and turned his computer on. Although the thoughts were lesser now that the endless cycle had finally been broken, he still couldn’t bear to do anything other than code in his free time, no other coping mechanisms have ever worked for him as he drifted through the world post-kidnapping. He was still working on the same AI, and as he approached finality, he finally tested it out.
“So uh, after hearing your story I thought “That really sucks that you have an arm given to you by someone so awful” and I was wondering if it’d be okay if I made you a new one?” It came out rushed and jumbled together, and he looked up to see his response and was met with a shocked face.
After this he had spent almost every night looking at porn, dragging his calloused hand around his dick, pleasuring himself until he came, and then going to bed.
“We’re going to go get some food now, okay? Where do you want to go?” She walked over and sat beside him, smiling as he rested his head on her shoulder.
“You guys better not have had sex in my bed.” He grumbled, jealous of Pepper’s success with finding a partner for the night.
“Yeah you work at the cafe I always go to, I see you there all the time.” He smiled warmly, and Tony almost melted on the spot.
“Wha?” He said, sitting up far too fast and clutching his head, before looking over to the bed which was no longer empty and now contained two girls, one of which was definitely Pepper, and the other who was probably Natasha, judging by how the two had fallen asleep on top of each other.
“That is so cool!” Tony spoke, then remembering the comment, mentioned “Sorry” quietly, before continuing into “How does it work? Is it robotics? That’s some cool tech”
After a while, he sat up, wiping his tears away with his sleeves and looked down at his lap, feeling ashamed of his crying, raised in a generation where men weren’t allowed to be weak. Tony could sense it, and having been raised the same way and had to learn otherwise, he knew the struggle.
They knew he was brilliant, everyone did, Admitted to MIT at 15, of course he was. They didn’t know how stubborn he was, though. So each time he refused, each time he lashed out, each time he fought back, the pain came back. Sometimes it was water, sometimes it was knives, sometimes it was strange, experimental drugs injected into his veins, that left him screaming. After the first day, it was never loud screams. Some days there was no sound, his body worn out and giving up. Most days it was horse whispers, as he wished, hoped, even prayed to be let free of his own personal hell. It never came.
So he got up, cleaned himself up, and still achingly hard from his previous activities, got into the iron man suit and set off to go fight.
“So… you don’t care about it being weird that I, you know, have a metal arm? No “What happened to your arm?” He seemed confused, and vaguely enthralled with the way Tony’s eyes lit up from their dull state when he watched the arm move.
“A lot? I dunno. I like your hair though” With that comment, Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, and smiled brightly at the feeling.
“We totally just met but like, I’d love to help out and it’d give me something to do” Tony continued, a little more confidently but the hint of anxiety in his voice gave away his insecurity.
“Thanks, Pep.” He spoke softly, but he felt like not speaking at all.
He watched as Tony flipped through the channels, landing on a new comedy movie, in light of the tragedy that occurred many had come out, an ache for humour from those left behind. The other man placed the remote down, and sat quietly to watch the movie.
“You noticed that I was drawing?” He said, blushing as he brushed the back of his neck, his smile turning slightly nervous.
Pepper was also sympathetic, but it never bothered him. She always seemed so genuine, and she was hard on him when he needed it. That’s why he kept her around, because she helped. That and he liked her, and she was about all he had other than Rhodey.
“God, yes, of course Tony.” Steve spoke, his wildest dreams and fantasies coming true.
“Alright, Steve” Bucky chuckled, before returning to his conversation with Pepper, discussing a book they had both read and hated.
“Hey Tony?” He he had started, walking into the workshop where Tony was fiddling with some wires, “What’s porn?”
Soon Steve was quickly thrusting into Tony, air filled with moans and expletives  as they moved together, lips crashing against each other as Tony gripped Steve’s hips hard enough to leave bruises, but neither of them cared as they were filled with pleasure. As Steve’s thrusts became erratic and even faster, pounding into Tony, he spoke.
This caused her to laugh, which woke up Natasha who, in a sleep filled haze, shoved Pepper off of her on to the ground. Pepper, instinctually, latched onto Natasha as she fell, which meant that both of them fell off the bed and started laughing, as Tony watched from his domain of sadness.
Except for Pepper and Rhodey. They just tried to help, and they knew pretty well what he had been through, more than even his parents. Which was no surprise, of course, because they had barely managed to be happy when he came back. He was an annoyance to them, and they wouldn’t have cared if he hadn’t come back. Nobody would have cared about Tony, the spoiled brat who didn’t know how to make friends. At least that was what he thought every day when he struggled with even the most basic interactions.
“Oh good! You’re back!” She said, smiling a gentle smile at him as she picked up folded clothes off of his bed, “Here you go, so you don’t have to get back into those dirty clothes.”
He even kept going to group therapy, mainly for Pepper, but also for Bucky so he wasn’t alone in the group. The two would bond over sharing what it had been like to come back from a completely different world, learning to live in a world that had no idea what it was like to be picked up and placed somewhere where each day was a living hell, and then just have to go back to normal. Once Tony had cried in front of Bucky, and from then on the two had been closer than ever. They trusted each other, not as much as he trusted Pepper, but they shared a different bond.
“You know it’s not nice to stare,” The metal-armed guy said, self-consciously tucking his arm into his other, and watching as Tony’s eyes widened as it moved.
“I found something for you!” She said eagerly, tapping away at the screen for a few moments before turning it to show him, “Our school runs a group therapy session for victims of trauma, it’s open to everyone, and there’s a meeting tomorrow. You’re going.” She finished firmly.
“Need to be… inside you” Steve managed to get out, pulling Tony off his dick and looking down at him, Tony’s face bright red and covered in sweat, eyes filled with lust as he sat on his dildo, overwhelmed by his desire to be fucked by this man.
“I love you too tones. You’re my strongest defender.” Came the reply, shaky through the remnants of tears.
It was an odd development, when Tony first came out of his room into the living space. The others looked surprised, but soon adjusted to his presence. He didn’t say anything at first, would just occasionally sit on the couch. In the beginning he sat as far away from Steve as he could. Tony would flinch at any movement from the older man, and although it sent a pang of regret deep into Steve’s heart, he understood. He understood that there was still time for the tension to unwind. That he was trying his best.
“Hi. Your arm is cool.”  Tony spoke, shortly, slightly smiling at the other man, happy to see that he was unbothered by his status.
There was an effect on his fighting, the constant distraction had him off his game, and his arousal fuddled mind kept going back to fantasies that he had to ignore, however much he didn’t want to, in exchange for blasting things out of the sky. Luckily, no one had noticed, that is until he got stuck under a pile of robots that usually he could easily have taken, and Steve had to bail him out.
“Oh!” Tony said, looking up, suddenly keenly aware of the slight bulge in Steve’s pants, and his blown out pupils, filled with lust.
“I’ll go to one meeting, okay? One.” He said reluctantly, hesitant with each syllable as he began to dread the coming day, even though in his heart he knew he did need something.
A smaller, remaining Hydra operation had in desperation, began a public attack, using stolen technology they had turned into attack robots, and currently were causing quite the commotion.
It was, of course, as soon as he got back that he began to take his suit off, pieces flying back to their homes, and as he was almost fully out he began to palm his dick, the slight relief feeling both perfect and not at all enough as he began to walk back to where his dildo was still on his bed, blush covering his cheeks as he was finally able to fully indulge in his fantasies.
So there he lay, staring at the ceiling, waiting for the floor to open up and swallow him whole, and put him out of his misery. He knew he was sulking, he did it far too often to be fair, but he didn’t want to function. However, thinking back to his group sessions, to all he had been taught, he sighed and got out of bed. Key point number 2: don’t wallow in your sadness. Get up and do something. So he did, he got up, went down to the lab, and continued working on Bucky’s arm. He was almost done, which meant the work was all very finishing details, which meant the difficult parts. The parts he would have loved to have Steve there for. He didn’t want to think about that, however, so he put all his thought into the finishing touches of the arm. Working on the parts that would be inserted into his shoulder, where the previous arm had been worked into Bucky’s body. He hoped, deep down, that what had happened the previous night wouldn’t affect him and Bucky, because he really enjoyed having someone who understood. It made him feel better about his experiences.
The door snicked as Sam closed it softly behind him.
Candlelight flickered between them, casting golden hues across Tony’s features. His face and his hands were equally animated as he described the school science fair he had attended in Tennessee the weekend prior.
“-most were your standard baking-soda volcanoes, solar-system models or milk-bottle geraniums. Harley’s project blew all of them out of the water. You should have seen it, Steve, all the teachers were gathered around his table, watching in awe as his robot peeled, chopped and fried each potato to perfection in under 30 seconds. Launching the fries into a serving basket was a brilliant finishing touch. But the look on their faces when he spun the barrel and caught a fry in his mouth – absolutely priceless.” Tony swiped tears of laughter from his eyes. “Honestly, I’ve never been so proud. Apparently, the robot has since been put to work at his mother’s diner and they are raking in the customers.”
“I’m arrogant and insecure. I shut myself away but I’m also completely overbearing. I throw myself at people but I won’t let them get close. I crave connection but I sabotage my relationships at every turn. And I know that I do it, and I wish I could stop, but it’s happening again and I can’t- I can’t- god, I can’t help myself, I have to tell you what a hideous mistake you’re making. I could try to explain how I became this- this walking disaster, but what it boils down to is that I hear you saying those words and I know you wouldn’t lie to me, but I have a hard time- I can’t even begin to fathom how it could be true. So I’m sorry if I- if I’m not responding the way a normal- hell, that’s the best possible thing a person could ever hear, and coming from you it’s- but some part of me just can’t- and god, I want to- but I-”
Steve knew that he was completely, utterly, unconditionally loved by Tony Stark. In all his life, he had never felt so happy.
Tony wasn’t wearing his armour. He wasn’t even wearing Kevlar. He was wearing Armani.
He exhaled. His chin dropped to his chest. For a long moment, he let weakness overwhelm him.
Instead, he gently carded his fingers through Tony’s hair. “You deserve better, sweetheart.”
His slipped his hand out from underneath Steve’s and raised it to cup his cheek, rubbing away the tear tracks with his thumb.
When Steve wouldn’t relinquish his steaming cup of coffee, Tony curled his hands around the cup as well, vowing to claim the warmth if he wasn’t allowed the caffeine.
A gurgled moan was all the warning he got before Tony’s body arched beneath his hands and his eyes flew open. “-eve?”
Glass shattered.
“Tony!”
Steve didn’t realise that his voice was growing louder, but he did feel the twitch under his hand and it startled him into silence.
He might have thought he was being subtle, but Steve noticed how Tony took every opportunity to hold his hand, and he wouldn’t let go without squeezing three times first.
Teaching Steve how to use the video game controller apparently required steadying his grip and guiding his use of the buttons.
He waited with bated breath.
He squeezed Steve’s shoulder after a stressful encounter with nosy reporters. He squeezed Steve’s hip after slipping an arm around his waist. He squeezed Steve’s knee under the dinner table. He even squeezed Steve’s toes after giving him a foot massage.
Steve caught one of his hands in his own, even as he flattened his other palm more firmly over Tony’s injury.
There was an underlying note of anxiety in Tony’s voice, and Steve didn’t understand the cause but he was quick to reassure him. “Not about something like this.”
He would give anything for Tony to be driving him mad right now. His silence was unnatural, unbearable.
Shot.
Every line of Tony’s body was tense, but there was something in his expression. Something almost like… hope?
He expected to hear the whine of Tony’s repulsors charging.
“Steve, man, you need to get some rest. You haven’t slept in three days.”
“Tony, wake up, dammit, you can’t-” He choked, not even sure what he was trying to say or if Tony could even hear him. Desperate, he pressed down harder.
Over the past 23 days, there had been hundreds of little moments like that. Horrendously close calls, where the words had been on the tip of his tongue before he caught himself and hastily swallowed them back down.
“How many times have you pulled Tony out of one of his workshop binges? Don’t you think he’d want you to take care of yourself the same way you take care of him?”
“You’re not going to let me break us up, are you?” Tony said.
Tony didn’t have the serum and Armani offered no protection at all and Tony had been
Tony blinked at him.
Steve frowned. “The words aren’t important to me, Tony. You are.”
Steve thought for sure that Tony would return the gesture now. Anticipation thrilled through him.
Tony nodded jerkily. “I…believe you? I mean, there’s a whole host of reasons why you shouldn’t. I don’t even really understand why you wanted to date me in the first place. You’re you, and I’m me, and I’ve got to be the furthest possible thing from a good match for you, but you still- so I figured it couldn’t hurt, or, well, that if you changed your mind it wouldn’t hurt you too much and that’s what was important, but I never expected- I didn’t think you would ever- it doesn’t make sense.”
“I miss her,” he admitted, letting the grief settle over him anew before bundling it up and gently placing it back down in a little corner of his heart. “But I think it would make her happy to know that our little tradition lived on.”
Warm brown eyes blinked tiredly at him, and a slight smile curved his lips.
Steve adored Tony like this. Bubbling over with enthusiasm and boasting about the child prodigy he had taken under his wing, his eyes were sparkling and every atom of his being seemed to radiate joy.
Only once, not three times like Tony would, but it was enough to make tears burn at the corners of his eyes. Crying wasn’t allowed, though, because this wasn’t grief, he wasn’t grieving and he wouldn’t grieve, he wouldn’t have to, because Tony was coming back to him. His chest ached and his head hurt, but he wasn’t going to cry.
The tray clattered loudly as he cast it aside. His hands worked on auto-pilot, snatching a nearby tablecloth and wadding it up to press tightly against the wound.
Steve wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, but eventually Tony’s body began to relax. Steve gently pulled the tablet from his slackened grip and set it aside, then continued to rub a soothing hand up and down his back until Tony slumped wearily against him.
Tony blushed, apparently more embarrassed by the show of affection than he had been when sprinting the length of the grounds at MIT without a single stitch of clothing on. But he didn’t let go of Steve’s hand all through dessert.
Steel blue eyes flashed a warning, and Sam hastily changed tack.
Steve waited for the third one.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand three times. “Yeah.”
It had taken him long enough to realise that the chaotic mix of emotions Tony evoked in him - exasperation, fondness, frustration, admiration, befuddlement, attraction - all boiled down to a simple truth. He was in love with Tony Stark. But he wasn't stupid enough to just blurt it out to the man. Instead, he thought he would test the waters a bit. He started visiting Tony in his lab, bringing him coffee, asking him about the work he was doing, inviting him to dinner.
Steve didn’t often talk about his mother. But Tony had been raw and vulnerable with him, and Steve found that he wanted to open up to him in return. He thought that maybe the idea should have been daunting, but it just felt right.
Tony’s answering smile was tremulous but genuine. “Well, then. You should know that, ah…” His cheeks coloured and he had to clear his throat. “The feeling’s mutual. And I’ll do my best to find a way to… to tell you properly, someday.”
Steve sucked in a sharp breath. His head shot up and his gaze found Tony’s face.
The words died in his throat.
In hindsight, Steve should have expected Tony to take the idea and run with it.
ooOOoo
"This is a date," he'd said.
Even as he scooped a knife from the table and tried to calculate which direction the fire was coming from, he hoped that no one else had been hit. Normal people didn’t have the advantages of his super-serum healing abilities.
Tony had been shot.
Tony waved a dismissive hand. “Oh, I’ve hardly done anything. Sure, I gave his garage a makeover and installed a basic AI into his computer mainframe, but he has been teaching himself. I don’t even check up on him more than once or twice a month. He’s a genius, Steve, and one day he is going to be building tech that will make Stark Industries look like-”
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispered.
“Tony, you’ve got your watch, right?”
“Authorities are on their way,” Steve announced, preparing to vault through the windows to seek out the unknown attacker. “Tony, are you-”
Steve braced himself.
“I was sick a lot, as a kid. When my asthma was particularly bad, or when I doing my best to cough up a lung, it was hard to breathe, let alone speak. My mom came up with a system for me to tell her things. She would hold my hand and ask me a question. I would squeeze once for yes, twice for no.” Steve demonstrated by squeezing Tony’s hand. “And sometimes I would squeeze three times, to replace those three words I couldn’t get enough oxygen to say out loud. But she was always there taking care of me, and I wanted her to know, even if I couldn’t say it. When she contracted pneumonia, and our roles were reversed… she used the last of her strength to make sure that I knew.”
His hand fell limp.
It was the best kiss Steve ever had.
“This isn’t healthy,” Sam persisted. “Your body needs a break.”
Steve dropped to his knees. He didn’t know if it was a conscious choice or if his legs had given way beneath him.
Tony’s skin was ashen and agony was written into every line of his face, but he smiled up at Steve and squeezed his hand again.
Claiming that Steve was stirring the pancake mix wrong gave him the excuse to wrap his fingers around the same spoon.
He finally looked back, expecting to see Tony right behind him.
Tony’s thumb brushed over his knuckles. “I’m sorry, Steve.”
“You’re going to wake up, Tony,” he said. “Do you know why? Because you are the most stubborn man I have ever met. You’re the guy who was kidnapped by terrorists to build a bomb, and instead you built Iron Man. You made yourself into a superhero. Reporters, politicians, big army brass, angry investors, irate board members and traitors couldn’t stop you then. One little bullet won’t stop you now. If you don’t believe me, consider this – you work alongside a demi-god, two serum-enhanced individuals and two super spies, and you’ve said yourself that you are not a soldier but damn if you don’t fight like one. You stand up against the biggest threats this world has ever known, and you don’t give them an inch. Hell, you threatened Loki without a single plate of armour on. Your suit isn’t what makes you a hero, Tony, that’s all you. You are Iron Man, and you don’t go down easy. You get back up every time you fall. They push you, you push back harder. A bullet is not going to be the end of the great Tony Stark. You’re going to wake up.”
Even in the heat of battle, when Tony pulled the craziest manoeuvre to catch Steve out of the air and then lifted his faceplate to kiss Steve's nose before depositing him safely on the ground and rocketing back into the fray, Steve managed to hold the words back.
“Steve,” Tony said. His voice sounded hoarse.
It was a combination of small things. The relaxation in his posture that spoke of a trust that Steve knew did not come easy to him. The bubbly enthusiasm in his words. The nimble movements of his slender fingers. The incredible way his mind could multitask with so many different things at once. The well-worn ACDC t-shirt that was riding up a little, revealing the enticing curve of his hipbone. The sparkle in his eyes when he glanced up at Steve and caught him staring.
Tony squirmed his way toward his mom and reached a swollen hand to touch her shoulder that settled just above his head.
Steve rushes around the diner as quickly as possible, serving the plates that are stacked up on his tray and handing the checks out to finished customers. Around noon-ish, Steve spots a familiar group gathered around a table.
“You want to take me on a date?” Tony muttered, still trying to wrap his head around this situation.
“Yeah, well, I did it to impress you,” he smirks. “Can I take you for a drink at a place I know about?”
“Look, there’s a wishing star! If we make a wish, all our dreams will come true!” Steve informs his parents.
They discuss Steve’s father a bit more before the discussion takes a turn for the worse.
“Steve,” he says rather proudly. “Steve Rogers.”
Sarah wraps the bow around Natasha’s waist and waves Steve along, telling Natasha that they’d better get going home. Before he’s shooed from the room, though, Steve speaks up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shook his head in utter distaste before stomping away.
“Fine. Yes. I can. I’ll be there in ten.”
His first reaction was panic. His chest heaved up and down and his breath wheezed inside of his lungs. His eyes shot around the car in panicked bursts, seeing nothing but sprinkling glass and leather.
His parents tuck Steve into his bed, nice and warm under his comforter. Before his eyes drift closed, Steve snags the picture of the restaurant that his father left on his nightstand and sits up against his windowsill. “Please, please, please,” he whispers into the night. Then, a frog - a slimy, repulsive frog - croaks just outside his window. That’s all Steve needs to hear before he screams and bursts out of his room.
“-Y! Tony, look at me! You need to calm down. Breathe in. And out.”
“Please,” he whispered shakily, his eyes beginning to fill with tears.
“Just, you know.” He clears his throat, lets out a shaky breath through his teeth. “My mom died at childbirth and all my dad was left with me. Which, well, wasn’t good enough for him. He drank a lot and it made him, uh. Made him violent. Made me his drinkin’ buddy, which might’ve been worse than the violence, really,” he scoffs, a bitter smile curling his lips. He takes a deep breath.
“It’s a shame that you’re working so hard. I just want you to be happy and meet your beautiful princess one day; I want you to find love.”
At Tony’s affirmative nod, Howard continued.
“They usually are. I didn’t know that guy and he was younger; probably fresh out of the academy. It’s really not a big deal, though. Things way worse than that happen pretty often.”
“Oh, right. Well, Prince Tony of Maldonia is coming to New Orleans!” he smugly says.
Tony grunts in surprise, his lips curling downwards at the sight of his hand touching Loki’s.
“You’ve always been so good at assuming, haven’t you, Pep?”
Bucky leads Tony toward Steve, weaving through tons of colorful people. Tony’s no longer as drunk, though, and he can make out the costumes more than the blurs from before. It’s fascinating, really.
“You guys know I have two left feet,” he tells them, “Besides, I’m taking an extra shift tonight to try to get some extra money for-”
“Just seeing some sights,” he drawls. “But I came back here to see if I could take you out for a drink.”
“And how do you plan on doing that?” Jarvis questions him suspiciously. “With the magic money that you pull from thin air, or from your nonexistent job?” He points to a man scooping horse poop from the streets. Tony grimaces.
“Uh,” Tony started dumbly, “Where do you think I am?”
“So, where are we headed?” Steve asks when he regains his bearings.
Happy’s been waiting outside for them so they get into the car again and Tony directs him to the nearest 24-hour grocery store. They go in and Tony picks a pack of frozen peas from one of the freezers and two rolls of gauze from the first aid aisle. He opens the gauze and wraps the pack of peas around Steve’s hand before they even get to the checkout. They’re both giggly, running on leftover adrenaline and some booze, and it’s the best first date Tony’s ever been on. Dysfunctional and all.
“You really are your father’s son,” she determines. Steve chuckles at that.
Steve glares at him before stomping away to give table number 8 their flapjacks.
She picks Clint up and shoves him in Steve’s face.
“Oh, no. It wouldn’t be rude at all because I’m offering. Honest.”
Steve laughs and crawls across his bed to the window that’s positioned next to it. It shows a clear navy sky with billions of white, twinkling stars.
“Who was that?” Tony asks the man he came in with.
“I have a present for you, my boy,” his mother calls from behind him. Steve turns around excitedly, spotting the wooden brown pot in his mother’s hands. There’s a silky red bow wrapped around it. Steve smiles, tears gathering in his eyes, remembering those special nights when they’d all gather around the pot and make the best darn gumbo soup ever known to man. He misses those nights.
He pushes his way through the crowd, muttering insincere apologies as he goes. He’s really just in a rush to get to Tony. He’s a famous Prince that everyone adores, there’s bound to be people who want to harm him, jealous people. In fact, there’s been attempts on his life before and some of them nearly succeeded. He’s determined to never allow Tony out of his sight, but it just makes the boy try to escape him even more. He wants to be free, Jarvis knows, but it’s only for his own safety. Tony doesn’t seem to realize that.
Her eyes widen dramatically before understanding settles in. She grins warmly up at him.
He starts to walk away from his friends when he hears someone mutter “told you he wouldn’t come”.
“Did you hear me, Tony?”
Loki snaps his fingers, making a series of candles burn bright with flames. A purple door seemingly appears from nowhere and Loki drags Tony and Jarvis inside. Tony smiles uneasily at the man and tells himself to keep control of his emotions. A panic attack right now won’t help him or Jarvis right now.
Steve rolls his eyes. Coulson’s always been pretty blunt, he supposes.
Loki forcefully pushes the pair into a set of chairs stationed around a table. A heaviness settles on them - not exactly painful, but nearly there - and keeps them stationed in their seats. Tony’s eyes flash for a moment, thinking of the pain and the dampness of the cave, before he compresses the sight away and forces himself to concentrate on his breathing.
“Go ahead, J.”
“Oh, you know. Just the next stop on the tour list, but I made sure I’d be able to spend a couple days here ‘cause this is where I grew up. Good ol’ dad is buried out this way; figured I’d check up on him,” he says a little bitterly. Fuck, why did he bring that up?
Happy did as ordered, driving to the nearest burger joint as Tony drifted off to sleep, head pillowed on the window.
“Of course. Anything for my best costumer,” she replies politely. Sarah offers one more smile to Natasha and her father before grabbing Steve’s hand and guiding him toward Natasha’s bedroom door.
His vision swam, making the broken glass raining down around him look beautiful, the shards glimmering in the sunlight. He could hear horns blaring, but he couldn’t identify exactly what was making so much noise or why. The sudden scent of burning rubber assaulted him and he crinkled his nose in distaste.
“Mornin’, Mr. Romanoff,” Steve greets as Natasha’s father strides in the door. “Congrats on being crowned king of the Mardi Gras parade.”
Jarvis inspects the man, spotting a newspaper tucked behind the man’s back.
Steve pulls a folded piece of paper from the drawer. He sets it down beside the tin can full of change and unfolds it, smoothing out the creases as he goes. It’s the same picture that he remembers his father showing him of the beautiful restaurant when he was younger. He smiles down at the poster and traces his fingers over the blue sharpie writing that says “Steve’s Place”.
“What are you sorry about? That guy was way out of line back there. I thought you said they were all nice there.”
While Steve is in the bathroom, Tony is out on the stage, surrounded by a now empty bar, with a couple of Steve’s friends. They’re all kind of drunk and dancing around and Tony’s never had this much fun. Never really had any friends, actually. But it’s a nice feeling and he revels in it.
Steve always loves the nights on the trolley with his mother. After a hard day - or fun and playful for him, at least - at work, he and his mom board it. He bounces at his mother's heels as they travel from Natasha’s house to the main street that the trolleys always scale. He watches meticulously - never tiring of the view - as the city lights transform into country skies and smells of home. He’s always fascinated in that childish way that everyone once was and he enjoys every single second of it. He presses his face up against the shimmering glass window that reflects the warm lights that come in contact with it. He smiles in amazement up until the final stop that brings him to his run-down house. They may not be the richest family money-wise, but they are most definitely the richest family where it counts.
And wasn’t that one of the greatest ideas he’d ever had? Really, what he wanted to do was curl up with a thousand cheeseburgers and go to sleep in an authentic bed. And maybe drink some water that didn’t have sand floating around in it.
“I know that I would. Why, I would kiss a whole hundred frogs if it meant I could marry a prince and be a princess,” she tells him dreamily. She squeezes Clint tightly, making his hair puff up irritatedly. He flies to the ceiling, allowing Steve’s mom to grab onto him.
“You’re right. Our food.”
“Hi Tony. How are you feeling?” a kind voice asked him.
“And you know your mother was with us?” Another nod.
“Is not what you think. I want to call for a press conference now.”
“That’s enough of that-”
“Stevie!” Bucky cries when they find Steve sitting at his vanity. “Someone here wanted to meet you.”
“Steve, you genius. I’m going to need about a hundred of your delicious baked goods for the ball tonight. Will this cover it?” she questions, handing him a few hundred dollars.
“I know I’m fit to drive,” he barked before exiting the car and switching seats with Happy.
Heart full to bursting, Steve took Tony’s hand in his own. “I hear you loud and clear, sweetheart. But if you want, I could let you in on a little secret code my mom and I had.”
Steve was sure that he meant to say something else entirely, but when he opened his mouth the words just wandered out on their own.
ooOOoo
Stubborn bolts on old robots evidently required two sets of hands to pry loose and to tighten on again later once the necessary repairs had been made to a bent axel.
Nothing.
No crying.
Steve didn't plan to say the words out loud.
Tony pulled back and looked up at him through damp lashes. “Maybe,” he said, and he didn’t sound convinced. “But so do you. I know you, Steve, and I know that you’re the sort of person who will give of yourself whole-heartedly, but my heart… it isn’t whole, and it hasn’t been for a long time. You deserve someone who can hear those words without having a breakdown, and who can say them to you in return.”
Terror slammed into Steve so hard that it knocked the breath from his lungs. “I’m sorry,” he rasped. He made an aborted movement to reach for Tony, his hand spasming in the empty space between them before he clenched his fist and dropped it down to his side. “Please forget I said anything. I didn’t mean to- I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable, or forced to say- Not that I’m presuming you would, I just, it was a mistake- I’m sorry, I didn’t think- can you- can we just finish the episode? It’s a good episode.” For the life of him, Steve couldn’t remember what the episode was about, or even which show they were watching. He was too caught up in wide brown eyes and an overwhelming sense of dread. This was over. He had ruined everything.
It took three meals at increasingly fancy restaurants before Tony froze in place, fork lifted halfway to his mouth with forgotten strands of spaghetti dangling dangerously close to his tie, eyes wide with dawning comprehension and no small degree of shock.
Steve didn’t want to look away from the source of the threat. Another round of fire forced him to duck behind the tray and the force of each hit shuddered up his arm. He was grateful that the bullets only dented the metal, rather than piercing through.
He had no intention of saying it yet. Maybe in a few months. Or in a year. Or maybe after Tony said it first - assuming he ever felt that way about Steve, and he might not, and Steve was okay with that, really. It was enough that Tony was willing to give him a chance.
ooOOoo
Steve was hitting the ground before he fully registered the echo of a gun-shot. “Everyone get down!”
in the cold night air.)
“I love you, too,” he said.
The important thing was that he had managed to keep those words to himself, even when Tony ended the date by pressing a quick kiss to his lips and giving him a smile that could have lit up Manhattan. Steve had stumbled out of the elevator in somewhat of a daze, but he hadn't said the words and he counted that as a win.
The meal went on much the same as it had before, and outwardly Steve thought he did an admirable job of keeping his cool. Internally, his heart was beating a mile a minute and he thought he was going to combust from the strain of trying to keep the goofy grin off his face, not to mention the struggle that came from carrying on a normal conversation while his brain was shouting three words so loudly he could hardly hear what Tony was saying.
Tony couldn’t meet his gaze, turning unseeing eyes to the muted action on the television, but after a moment he gave the tiniest nod.
“I’m not losing you,” he growled. “It’s not an option. I lost everything once and I can’t do it again. Don’t make me go through that again. Tony, I-”
believed that an accident in the chem-lab had resulted in the dire need for a decontamination shower, or that a lack of towels had forced Tony to dry
But Tony’s hand was still beneath his.
It wasn’t long before the pattern of threes became evident in other ways as well.
Until the day his world came crashing down around him.
“I’m sorry. I am- I have a lot of issues, okay? You should know that about me. I mean, there’s all the obvious surface stuff like the alcohol and insomnia and the narcissism and the reckless behaviour, but under all that I have a lot of… there’s a bunch of mixed up, messed up- Let’s just say a psychiatrist would love to get their hands on me, but if they did then they’d probably never let me go again.” His self-depreciating laugh was tinged with hysteria.
Tony was shaking, his knuckles were bleached white around his tablet and his breath was coming in small hitched gasps.
Tony found a way to balance his tablet on his lap during their movie nights, so he could have one hand free to rest on top of Steve’s while he typed with the other.
Tentatively, Tony squeezed three times in return. “I can do that.”
Tony tapped his fingers three times against the conference table during a routine briefing at SHIELD. He rapped his knuckles three times on Steve’s door when he came to see if he was ready for their date. He pecked three quick kisses to his lips before he left to attend a board meeting at SI. He changed Steve’s text-alert sound to three beeps. He smoothed down Steve’s tie three times before they attended a charity event, and clinked his glass three times before giving a speech.
His tone softened. “He needs to wake up.”
Steve wanted to interrupt him, to say that he wasn’t exactly a poster boy for mental health either, and he had nothing but respect for the strength with which Tony faced his demons each and every day. It was one of the reasons Steve loved him, but Tony was on a roll now and he barrelled onwards without letting Steve get a word in edgewise.
Steve could tell when he hit his prostate, as Tony let out a loud moan, and his entire body moved, head tilting back and eyes closing, as he continued to finger himself.
He couldn’t help but smile as he looked at the pile of code he had created, and realized he had essentially created life. He looked at the time, and saw that it was nearing the time Pepper would show up, and noticed he still needed to get dressed.
Tony had begun to make his way over to the couch, eyeing the figure before him.
As they came down from the high, Steve pulled out and found a cloth and cleaned them both off, taking care to be gentle to Tony’s oversensitive body.
“How much have you had to drink? Also, why are you shirtless?” Steve said, his blush intensifying as he tried to ignore the deep happiness he felt at being complimented by Tony.
“Why don’t you -ah- come over here -ah- and I’ll help you out?” Tony spoke out between moans, voice filled with lust for the other man, as he bounced up and down.
He cursed himself quietly. What was he thinking? The answer, of course, was that he wasn’t at all. He was drunk. In case he had forgotten, he was now immensely aware of this fact. Drunk people don't think, and he had fallen into that category of reasons mistakes are made with this most recent one. He sat on the ground in misery, hoping that maybe, maybe this wouldn’t mess up his friendship with Steve. This was when he heard a noise.
Tony came to the conclusion then and there that Bucky was officially oblivious, and realized that although he could recognize Tony’s symptoms and hints when he got worse because they were so similar to his own, he probably couldn’t recognize how other human’s reacted to things like being made very uncomfortable by one of their friends confessing their affection to them. Which was exactly what this situation was.
“Why are you taking my life force away?” He said, the slight quirk of his lip showing that her presence was beginning to bring his old self back, the hint of sarcasm in his words accompanying it.
Each day he found himself falling further for the blond-haired boy, wanting to kiss him and fall asleep next to him and the general mushy kind of thing Tony had no time for. He tried to keep himself in check, tried to keep his hopes low and not seem to much. Each time the four of them were together he would focus on Bucky’s new arm, working hard to build something perfect. But as he worked side by side with the man, he couldn’t help himself. Of course, he was flirty, but he was like that with everyone. He was Tony Stark for god’s sake, he was a playboy. Never had he fallen for someone like this, it had always been one night stands and short relationships that never went anywhere. Everything was always physical for him, and although this sure as hell was still physical it was also deeply emotional.
That, of course, was when the call came in.
Bruce is a lost soul, sometimes found sitting by himself staring into space, but most often found working away in the workshop. He never gets angry anymore, he can barely hold on to the small bit of his spirit that is left, because even the Hulk inside him feels the loss and has retreated to a far corner of his mind. He works into the late hours of the night, not quite sure what his goal is, just researching and working on whatever he can, rarely stopping. He’s shy and quiet around the others, at first trying to sit with Tony, but finding the darkness emanating from the broken soul of his friend suffocating, and the silence as he quietly brings up scientific topics too loud. He is alone, that is until one night when Natasha walks into the workshop and sits next to him, tear stained cheeks and broken eyes, and tells him if he ever brings this up again she’ll kill her.
“Oh uh, thanks” Steve was now blushing and simultaneously grinning like an idiot, and Tony had to say, it was the best thing he’d seen in a while.
Afterward, as everyone stood up and mingled around until the people they were leaving with arrived, he stood facing Bucky.
They left the restaurant, and when they arrived at his dorm she made sure he was in bed before she left, taking the bag of caffeine with her. He actually slept, too weak to resist the lure of finally resting, and for once the nightmares left him be.
“Well, that’s just swell, Natasha. My mama always used to say that the quickest way to earn a man’s heart is through his stomach,” he says with humor laced in his tone. He pats the big belly of Natasha’s father and he laughs along with Steve.
Her chest shuddered one more time before it ceased to move.
“Holy shit steve-” Tony started, not sure where he was going, as he immediately drew his hand away from his crotch and instead tried to pull his t-shirt down to cover it, as if that would fix the situation.
As Tony pushed his finger inside, he let out a soft moan, eyes closing as he felt the familiar stretch. Steve coughed, the moan sending more and more blood rushing to his already hard dick, and he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Immensely aroused, he watched as the smaller man slid in another finger, and began to scissor his hole wider, and pushing in farther.
“You’re prettyy” Tony said, finally sitting cross-legged in front of Steve, who was sitting against the wall.
“Outside is scary. We should stay here, not leave.” He said, his body tensing up at the mention of leaving his safe space.
“So first I’m going to inject some anesthetic into your arm and neck so you won’t feel it when I insert things, and then I’m going to insert this little monitor into the top of your neck, which will monitor requests from your brain for your arm to move. Then I’m going to stitch that up, and then I’ll pull out this arm and insert the new one, and stitch that up and make sure everything is set to heal in place, okay?” Tony was happy to get off the topic and start on the surgery.
“Hey, uh, I’m Tony” Tony introduced himself, walking behind Bucky and Pepper and next to Steve.
He was sitting up the next night, vaguely tired because he really hadn’t slept in a few days, instead, he was running on coffee and an energy drink here and there, which he only was allowed to do because Pepper wasn’t there to keep an eye on him. He had been programming since he got off work, working away at the AI he was focused on. Currently, he was debugging the hundreds of errors that had popped up since his last manic typing-of-code session. That was when it hit him.
“I need actual therapy,” He said, groaning as she pulled him up to standing and started towards the door, “but fine, let’s go to that little Italian restaurant near here okay? I like them. They’re nice.”
As the elevator door opened, he could immediately hear Steve’s moans, and his victorious pride was immediately overshadowed by the overwhelming arousal that washed over him at the noises, and as he almost turned around, he heard his name called, moaned in fact, and he knew he had to go in otherwise his dick would be screaming at him for forever.
“Tony! Why are you drinking, we’ve been over this. I thought everything was going well?” She said, voice a mix of vague anger and concern.
They still had bad days, but they were together now. They were a family, and that meant they took care of each other. Through thick or thin, through bad days and good.
It was later that day, sometime around 6:00 pm when he realized that he was unfit to work, unfit to function properly as a human being, and requested his vacation time for the next two weeks. Until the end of the Christmas holidays, he wouldn’t have to work. For better or for worse, he’d be in his room probably until class started again.
It was a bad day, a day when Steve felt the mourning longing more than usual, when he, in turn, opened up to the smaller man. He quietly put down his sketchbook, and stretched out on the couch, breathing a deep breath as he tried to hold back the waterfall of emotions, and lost the battle.
Steve’s eyes roamed to the pink dick sitting on Tony’s bed, and then back to the flushed, awkward man in front of him, and it clicked in his brain and his cheeks filled with pink.
“Do I have to?” He whispered, his shaking hands held together as he nervously eyed the slightly open door, covered in posters for various groups and counseling services.
“Hey Tony, what’s up?” Came the voice, and he immediately recognized it as Bucky.
Steve had disappeared, and Tony decided that now was a good time to go talk to him. He did genuinely have something to talk to him about, he had been working on Steve’s equipment, and needed his input, and if he happened to “accidentally” walk in on him with a dildo in his ass, who was to blame him?
When school started they had less time to hang out, but they still did. The group of four would work on school work together in the lab, Tony had even invested in making a sort of living area in the center, with a sofa and a table and everything. Everything was going fine, of course, ignoring his crush.
“You’re uh, you’re Tony Stark right?”
After everyone they loved had been turned to dust, the ones left behind bonded together stronger than ever. The six remaining avengers, lonely and broken, were distraught. In the beginning they thought Tony was gone too. A distress call and a rescue mission later, they found not only him but Nebula, who went on her own after being brought to a populated planet. Tony, bringing the news of Peter and the other guardians death, is almost the most broken of them all. When they get back home to the Avengers compound where everyone, except Thor, who vanished after bringing them there, is staying once again, he spends a month barely moving. His workshop untouched and his presence rare. The ache in his lungs keeps him in bed, often sleeping, only to awake due to nightmares that haunt his every move.
Sure enough, Bucky broke the topic immediately, though his approach was wildly different from Natasha's. "You know, when that lady started going off about punishing who you loved, I thought I was a goner," he said, bluntly. "Thank goodness for Stark."
Maybe Steve lived too long in the new world, where everything was NOW, NOW, NOW, and he'd come to expect instant results. Or maybe he was blinded by hope. Bucky had told him more than once he was too much of an optimist.
Those feelings were not appropriate as a friend or a team leader. He stuffed them down with ease of long practice, then reholstered his flashlight to his belt.
Doctor Parry looked, well, he was self-possessed enough not to look awestruck, but he seemed impressed.
"Yeah, great. Wonderful. Then we'll only be able to tell where the Slender Men are by the light of their creepy eyes," Tony said.
"Steve, maybe you should start thinking about if there isn't a bottom to this," she said shortly. "Right now he's an Avenger who can't protect himself. What if the tower is attacked?"
Finally, after ten solid minutes of chanting and changing the order and position of the round stones, Strange leaned back and said, "I detect no magical signatures, either in his body or in his aura."
"My friends!" he boomed, startling Steve so badly he used the magazine he was reading as an impromptu shield.
happened, hadn't it?
Steve stared at his beer. His throat felt thick, and he knew he didn't deserve a friend like Bucky. Never had.
"If you like," Thor ventured after a moment, "I will sit with Anthony, and you may get some rest."
"I can't go with you," Will said, after pulling Steve aside.
And, like she'd done it all his life, his daemon reached over with a wickedly curved beak to gently nudge away a long bit of his hair that had fallen across his eyes.
"He'll pull through," Bucky said again. His smile was more of a wince. "I feel bad for him, mostly. When HYDRA took me out, they at least stuffed something back in."
"Indeed. I am not the fine tracker as my comrade, Hogun, but I know the signs of Asgard." Thor stood, then, alarmingly, pulled Steve into a huge, strong hug. Steve may or may not have flailed for a moment, more surprised than anything else.
"He'll be fine," Natasha said, and smoothly took Steve's own arm, guiding him out and down the hall. He got the distinct impression they were separating them.
They walked -- the road had no guard rail or boundaries or fence between the edge and open space, and even though Tony hadn't shown signs of running off since that one fit, Steve kept a hand firmly on his shoulder. It couldn't hurt.
Bruce looked like he was chewing nails. "Perhaps, if you could be more specific."
"Did I not say it was no true animal?" Thor rumbled, amused.
Steve's grip tightened on his shield. "You're the one responsible for the Slender Men?"
Steve turned towards the oncoming Slender Man and flicked on his flashlight. Even though it was afternoon, the weak light blasted a hole through the creature's torso. The Slender Man wailed, its arms flailing. A second beam of light joined the first, and with another haunting cry, the Slender Man melted to rejoin regular shadows.
With his eidetic memory, Steve only needed to watch the video once. He felt so sick he had to leave the room.
Unfortunately for the Slender Men, they were pretty easily defeated by beams of... light.
Tony hated magic, and while Steve tried to keep more of an open mind, sometimes he agreed. "Clint and Bucky find anything on the Slender Men?"
And frankly, Bucky was right.
Dum-E immediately wheeled up, a dunce cap on its head, with a smoothie in its claw. Tony didn't react, letting the robot push it into his hand. His fingers curled around the glass, and he stood there, blank.
He wasn't all that heavy, though the counterbalance of the man in his arms and the weight of the travel pack was a little awkward, it wasn't too much for Steve to handle.
Steve didn't know what to do. Despair was like a wild thing in his chest. He wanted to shake Tony until he snapped out of this. If he had enough presence of mind to get himself outside and stand on the ledge, it meant there
"No. It's different when you separate yourself voluntarily. And I was a child, not even thirteen yet. Children are more resilient in many ways."
Sometimes Tony had as many as ten fits a day, sometimes only one or two.
"I was there, I saw it happen," Steve said. "And if he's thrown away into a... a sanitarium, we can't get to the bottom of this."
Steve looked around at Parry and Thor, but maybe the smoke was doing a number on him because for the life of him he couldn't read their expressions. "I... Amora asked me to choose," he said, skipping ahead.
, he thought desperately, trying to pour the feeling into it.
Natasha stood on the other side.  Her face was mask-like in a way that never meant good things for anyone.
There was no sign of blood or trauma. Steve smoothed his hands down Tony's shoulders, touched his wrists, needing to reassure himself, that he was okay. That he was in one piece. The enormity of what had almost happened was almost too big to grasp. If Tony had taken another step-- another half-step...
Six hours later, Steve sat in a chair beside the hospital bed, his head in his hands. A few feet away, Tony lay still and quiet.
Pepper looked like she was going to say something more. Maybe another version of 'It's not your fault', which was a lie because it was.
The Asgardian sky was nothing like Steve had ever seen before. Hundreds, thousands, millions of stars crusted the black and purple sky, and what he could only assume was the Milky Way galaxy. For a moment, all Steve could do was stare. The road under his feet was a pulsing rainbow hued glass, leading off miles away to a crystalline city. It was... alien. Gorgeous. His fingers itched to grab up pencil and pen.
The cage broke apart and the vixen daemon gave a loud yelping cry of triumph, jumping into the air to be caught in Grace's strong talons. It must have hurt, but all Steve could think at that moment was the many times that Ironman had caught him; a mirror image of his and Tony’s partnership.
The corners of his Bruce's mouth drooped down. "Steve, he flailed and his hand hit the panel to open the outer door. There wasn't much of a change, other than--"
Tony reached over and grabbed Steve’s wrist, checking for what felt like the hundredth time that the specialized wrist-watch was still functioning. Of course it was. It was of his design. Making sure the eagle was watching, Tony tapped it. “This will send out a distress signal if he gets into trouble. I’ll go in and grab him faster than you can say, ‘Man with the plan’.”
Privately, Steve agreed, though he had a feeling there wouldn't be much left of whoever leaked the video after Pepper's lawyers got done with them.
He landed, unbuckled Tony from his seat. Then, with one hand on his shoulder, he guided Tony down the quinjet's ramp and onto the Iron Man launch pad. Steve watched him carefully, but Tony's eyes were empty; staring ahead, seeing but unseeing as the high wind at the top of the tower whipped at his hair.
"Thor, hi. " Steve rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly and glanced towards Tony who was sitting up, vacantly staring out the room's single window. Steve had directed his attention there an hour ago. What he was staring at, if anything, Steve couldn't guess. He hadn't so much as flinched at Thor's arrival.
Cupping his face, Steve leaned down and kissed him.
His heart twisted. If he'd put more time into being the friend to Tony he should have been, instead of... of
The bat was doing… something. Steve felt a tingle from his scalp all the way down to his toes. And then, he looked down at himself and froze. There was a line, thin, and slightly wavering, extending from his heart out to the hut and beyond. He passed his hand through it but felt nothing. It was like a hologram... but one he knew was powered by his heart.
Steve looked Kirjava. He hadn't remembered seeing Perry and his daemon in separate rooms, but then again there hadn't been the need. "Really?"
Natasha turned to him, an eyebrow raised. "If I said the same to you, would you believe me?"
"Sir," JARVIS's voice filtered over them both. "The prescribed sedative is in--"
Steve tried not to get up too much hope that the familiar sight of home would jerk some reaction out of Tony. He really did.
Steve turned, sighted Amora battling with Thor. Still clutching the shard on the subtle knife to boil away close spectres, he let the shield fly.
"I'm sorry," Bruce croaked. "I hired those doctors to consult, and they'd come highly recommended, but..." he shook his head. "This is... this is my fault."
When they get there, Tony orders them a couple of drinks and they sip on them as Steve tells Tony about himself. He was born and raised in New York but they moved to Malibu when Steve was a teenager so his mom could get a nursing job at the local hospital because she had connections there. He started singing when he was a kid but he’s never had lessons. He’s so good despite that, however, that his friends beg him to perform at their drag shows on Friday nights even though Steve’s really not into any of that. Tony discovers that Steve’s smile makes his heart beat faster and that Steve’s the sweetest man he’s ever met. It’s all going great, until it’s not.
Steve stumbles into his room, his exhaust evident. His hair is matted and tangled and his clothes are crumpled and stained. He kicks off his worn Adidas shoes and proceeds to his dresser. He pulls out a few cents of spare change from the apron that he wears and drops the coins into a tin can that lays in the front of the top drawer. The front of it reads “Restaurant Fund” in his neatest handwriting. He sighs down at it, knowing that the meager change won’t do much to help him achieve his - and his father’s - dream. But his father is gone now.
“Drive? Do you really think you’re fit to drive?”
Steve feels a blush creep up his neck. Bucky knows how helpless Steve is when it comes to girls. Or - not that he’d ever tell the manly Bucky - guys, in his case. He was always somewhat small and scrawny when he was little but he grew a lot since then. He’s filled out enough so that he’s no longer lanky, but he’s still  not used to the way that girls look at him. It never happened when he was smaller, but it sure does happen a lot now. He can’t say that he minds it much, it just makes him feel like he’s not in his own skin sometimes.
“You look very dapper in your suit,” Tony informed Steve as they advanced toward the driveway.
“And no holding hands or kissing,” another friend, Bruce, shouts. They’re all laughing and joking around and it helps mask Tony’s nervousness at the fact that Steve hasn’t even said yes yet.
“I know,” Sarah murmurs knowingly in his ear, “I miss him too.”
That night, Steve’s mom and dad sit with him on his bed.
Loki Odinson laughs maniacally as the guy that had asked for some more hair on the top of his head to grow back. The man had immediately been ecstatic, which is to be expected when dealing with Loki’s magic, but it completely backfires on the man. As he approaches a pretty woman, hair sprouts from every pore on his body, making him look more like a wolf than a man. The woman shrieks and scurries away, causing the man to look at himself in the reflective glass window beside him. He screams at it, very similar to the woman’s, and sprints away, presumably to keep everyone around him from looking at him.
He feels his body shrinking and the snakes loosening around him, and the next thing he knows, he’s lying on the cold cement ground. The last thing Tony remembers before the darkness engulfs him is that Loki’s spell must have come undone because he can finally move on his own again.
"I do." Steve glanced around the room; at Bucky and Natasha, and Clint and Thor, who were gathered, speaking together. His whole team, except Tony. They'd just been told half were leaving the planet, and the other half might be facing unfightable horrors, but there was nothing but determination and purpose in all of their faces. Something stirred in his chest -- pride, love.... heck, maybe it was his daemon.  "Call it faith."
use of my time. Don't tell Pepper."
"Sir, I'm afraid Mr. Stark's respiratory and blood pressure levels are increasing beyond normal limits."
The mattress dipped slightly. Steve glanced up to see the cat had joined them on the bed -- he'd had forgotten all about it.
A moment later, the wise man returned with his handfuls of herbs. These, he cast into the fire. The flames flared, then turned to a purple hue.
Tony woke with a screaming fit that came and went more quickly than usual, but left him gray skinned and weak.
, he didn't add because despite everything else, Strange was a guest in their home.
As far as Steve could tell, the Slender Men didn't actually attack anyone or cause property damage. They only scared the bejesus out of civilians.
Override. Steve should have thought of that, but he'd been rattled.
“A shard of what?”
Steve hesitated. "A… spell?" He looked again at Thor, who nodded and shrugged.
But Steve could also see a hollowness to Tony's cheeks that hadn't been there a few weeks ago, and his wrists felt thin and birdlike, his shoulder-blades sharp where they pressed against Steve's chest. Despite all their efforts, Tony was losing weight, fading in front of Steve's eyes.
