“I should have known it was you. They look very tasty and I look forward to trying them.” Sherlock relaxed.
Another hour later Sherlock slowly woke and sat up rubbing over his eyes. His eyes found John's who smiled at him.
“Oh, no, this time it wasn’t me. It was Myc. He always makes the bodies go away.” Now he looked up at John and smirked. John swallowed.
“Where should I go anyway?” He walked into the bath and saw the enema bag in the bin. He looked into the mirror and checked over his body. His body was covered in bruises, love bites, scratches and even welts. His hole burnt a bit and he thought it would burn more if he had fucked him. So, it seemed he hadn’t. Lucky him.
. She simply wished him fun at IKEA. He actually snorted a very Sherlockian snort and hung up listening to her quiet giggles.
“I look forward to meeting you tomorrow, John.” John smiled and then smacked the back of Sherlock’s head.
“Are you feeling unwell?” John asked looking a bit more closely at Mycroft but he shook his head.
John had already left for his date. Sherlock knew where he wanted to have dinner with her.
“I am about to start. You know how to safeword. Do not disappoint me as you did just now, my lovely.” Sherlock shook his head and mumbled something. It sounded desperate. John had been right. Words could be humiliating. They didn’t have to be dirty at all. He grinned.
“He likes you a lot. He is worried about you. Your safety is important to him.” John said.
“It was a colleague of your therapist. And guess what he told me being so very sorry about?” Now he sucked on John’s shoulder holding back his shirt. John had closed his eyes and panted against Sherlock’s chest.
“I want it to listen.” With a wave of his left, he made the other men leave. They were alone.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” He quietly asked.
John slept for several hours while Sherlock stayed by his side. When he woke, he smiled at him and slowly got out of bed. He went through his bathroom-routine and got dressed in very comfy clothes that had suddenly appeared. Sherlock was confused. He had never seen his dom dressed like this.
“Yes. It sounded promising.” Sherlock opened the door.
He rang for his secretary to get fresh coffee and a bit of breakfast. It arrived at the same time as Sherlock who almost greedily looked at the offerings. He heavily sat on the sofa and took a coffee first. Mycroft let him and waited for him to speak.
“I am not sure. Perhaps we could go to the zoo? Or a museum? Or ride the London Eye?” John looked surprised.
”Why don’t you invite him for a nice dinner to make it all better?” There was silence then.
“Any time, my lovely.” John smiled and got his jacket. He pocketed his wallet and mobile and stood by the door.
“No worries, pet. I’ll take care of everything. Tonight, we’ll celebrate.” He threw him off his body and got up.
“Well… You think I should just ask him out then?” Greg looked at Sherlock.
“I will serve you dessert tonight.” Mycroft darkly said.
“It will do anything you want, Master. John.” John suddenly pulled him close and kissed him forcefully with lots of bites. Sherlock’s arms waved through the air and fell down after a few seconds.
“I never told anyone about it.”
And then John sat on his heels in front of Sherlock. He used both hands to claw into Sherlock's hair. He pulled him down and forced him on his cock. He almost choked because of the pain when he pulled the rope.
“You were in my head.” Sherlock looked up.
“Molly, it's Greg. Please don't hang up. It's for Sherlock.”
“You look more relaxed than before. What did you do?” Sherlock asked.
“You should know, Mycroft, that I love Sherlock. Deeply. I haven’t experienced this with a submissive before. But Sherlock is special. He has opened up to me a lot and I feel that he trusts me. And I do trust him with my life. I would do anything to save him, support him, or even heal him.”
“Behave, John. If you are going to pee on the hardwood, I will clean it with your boxers and shove them into your mouth afterwards. So, you better don't.” John desperately looked up at him and shook his head.
Sherlock got roughly pulled out of the cage. They took the harness and ball-gag off and he was given some water and a dry cookie. He took both; he wasn't stupid.
“May I ask if you were helping Sherlock with his former partner?” John worded it carefully.
John palmed his face and looked into his bleary eyes.
Finally, he came and blacked out for real.
Out of dark brown eyes, he looked up at John pleading for help. John carefully knelt by his side and once checked if he had closed the door. Only then he sadly shook his head.
Greg didn't once interrupt. Not even when Ian admitted his feelings. He listened to everything he was told. After Ian had finished his tale, he looked him into the eyes.
“Let's have a look then.” Suddenly there was Bela on his left and David on his right.
“Yes, I do.” Now John even licked his lips and Sherlock’s cock twitched. This move always made him react.
“No. Not now. I am quite busy.” Another pause while he listened.
“Well, it’s a bit embarrassing but I need to know.” He stared into his mug.
John wondered if they should sit together and have dinner. It would ease the atmosphere and make them relax. He texted Greg about it. The reply was almost instant because his phone rang.
“I didn't even know you had an attic.” Greg said. Mycroft shrugged.
“Careful!” He hissed and switched off the light on the nightstand.
“Hey!” He threw him a tired smile and carefully sat up. Mycroft rolled on his front but didn't wake. Greg got off the awful bed and stretched his body. His bones cracked and he walked closer to Sherlock who seemed to be a bit stressed.
“You are wicked, John Hamish, you really are. I had no idea.” But he grinned.
In the meantime, the man had pissed on the ground and wheezed only. But he was still awake. The ropes had cut deeply into his skin and his balls were strongly inflamed. He also was feverish.
“Speak up, bitch. What is it?”
“Do you?” John looked up and their eyes met.
“Well, tell him, Sherlock.” Sherlock swallowed and looked back to Dr Kim.
“That’s a very nice idea. You do that!” Greg nodded.
After he was done, she tilted her head and explained. She knew a lot, had heard a lot.
He cleared his throat.
John fucked him like he normally did. Fast and hard but this time, again, he gave him pleasure while doing it. The noises Sherlock produced aroused John and he found he wanted to see his face.
He replied. She snorted.
“Have you found anything interesting?” Sherlock asked.
Now, Sherlock wanted him to top because he didn’t do the topping. John wouldn’t have thought so but Sherlock had been abundantly clear about it.
“That’s what I wanted to avoid.” Sherlock replied.
“What about your livestock?”
Mycroft looked sad.
“It’s not…” Sherlock said but John simply lifted a finger and looked at him. Sherlock closed his mouth and carefully stood. He wasn’t able to suppress the wince when he did. John gently pulled his trousers off of him and made him sit down on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock, John, and Mycroft were looking at him through a one-sided window after having watched the recording of his abduction.
„What will we be doing next?“ Sherlock asked.
“OK, two jumpers. Let’s go.” He grabbed his jacket and walked towards the door. Sherlock hooked his finger under his collar holding him back.
“Anthea is capable of taking over. I will join you.” Mycroft sounded serious. He really wanted to go but he also was feeling a bit sick about it. He had no idea what to expect but he could see that Greg liked the idea.
“Nice to meet you again.” John said politely. Today she even acknowledged him by lifting her head and smiling.
“I know it's not true, Sherlock. But just tell me one thing. Why are you afraid of Greg telling your brother?” Sherlock looked down again. He swallowed and couldn't look at John. John waited for some minutes until he asked:
Sherlock pouted and stared at it. Then he started to think. He needed to get rid of these cuffs before John returned. Otherwise, he would lose this challenge and get no reward. Instead, he would be punished in however way John thought appropriate.
“No! You go ahead and have some fun. I am following you somehow.” He smiled clawing into the saddle.
After a quick wash and brushing his teeth he donned a dressing-gown and brewed coffee. He wondered if Ian liked to have breakfast after yesterday's dinner. Then he thought about the alcohol and decided it would be best to provide it. He sent a text to the woman at Speedy's who he had come to actually like. He would pick it up in a few.
He took the
“You are welcome.” They sat in silence for a while when suddenly Ian reached into his pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes.
“That would be cheating, wouldn’t it?” Mycroft thinly smiled but John shook his head.
“On your knees, slut.” John changed his position and Sherlock took off the gag. John coughed. Sherlock grinned and shoved a bottle between his lips. He tilted it and made him drink the whole bottle.
“Oh, and don’t make this sound. Or any weird sounds.” Now Greg slanted his eyes.
“Oh, nothing fancy. I happen to know a guy who owns a camper. There will be no one around except him and me.” John’s eyes widened.
“No, he scared me to death at first. But my brain stopped swirling, Myc. I only ever achieved that state with drugs.”
“I want to see it come, pet.” John only gave the one order but Sherlock had nothing in his arse and he wasn't touched either. But he had been taught how to trigger himself and please his Masters and Mistresses.
“I just need a wardrobe, a normal wardrobe. I don't have that many things.”
“Yes, dear brother, I would like you to do that.”
“So you did something to him?” John asked.
“You are welcome.” Sherlock carried some bowls over and sat down. John brought the rest and they had an enjoyable dinner.
“I wanted to please you … So hard … Couldn’t stop …” John sighed and his voice slurred.
“Never mind. We are at home.” He smiled at him and saw him relax. His education did work then.
“Good night, John.” And off he went into his bedroom. John stared at his back and then at the closed door. He stood there with his open denims and spent cock hanging out. His lips were swollen and red. He was still a bit dizzy.
John knew what kind of things Sherlock enjoyed during sex and he would give them to him. All of them.
“Why not?” Sherlock pressed against him.
Soon they moved over to the dining table.
Greg outright laughed.
“You gave me so much. I love you so much…” John felt the tear fall on his skin and he tried to look into his face.
“Not yet, no.” He shook his head. They looked at each other and suddenly thought the same.
„You can also untie him and apply the electric devices. I would like to do that again.“ Sherlock happily nodded and hopped away. At first, he hosed the man down again, untied him afterwards and finally taped the pads all over his body. Obviously, he knew how to do this and John just watched him.
“You are the most desirable, beautiful, and sexy man on earth! God…” He grabbed his lapels and pulled him down pressing their lips together.
“Yes, well. Italian it will be.” He rubbed over his muscled stomach.
“Sherlock, what the hell have you done in here?” He called out but got no answer. Even parts of his lab equipment were destroyed. John began to feel a bit bad.
“He will surely kill me. There must have been a reason why he never told you. I am sorry, DI Lestrade.” He stood and wanted to leave. Greg stood, too.
The table was pushed forward with John’s heavy moves. Sherlock cried and yelled and screamed. He would be sore for the rest of his life. He never had the chance to recover.
Inside, shielded from the thick walls, he found Sherlock on his knees on the stones. He crawled from left to right and back holding his magnifier and collecting things with his tweezer. Several evidence bags peeked out from his coat pocket already.
“I have many people working for me and I would like to be by your side helping you.” To Sherlock, this was a bit alien. How could Ian help if he was sleeping? But then he had an idea.
“He went by helicopter and has already arrived. He will meet you there.” Sherlock hummed. Greg felt rather hot all of a sudden.
“John has read your report. It contains important information and he has to react.” Ian said.
“Another killing?”
“Get up there.” It was a woman and he climbed onto it. She checked on his long legs and seemed to be pleased.
“You think? No one ever said so.” John shook his head.
“I haven’t had breakfast and now we walked for hours. I am actually quite a bit hungry. But before I desperately need to shower.” He pulled a face.
“He did keep it a secret then, didn't he?” She said and he nodded.
“Both of them? Where?” He asked.
“I know. But I keep hoping.” She stood and her tiny hands moved over her floral dress.
“What is this? A car designed by Q?” Greg laughed. Anthea didn’t.
He tore his eyes open and blinked several times until he was able to focus.
“Thank you, Dr Kim. See you soon.” Greg said and Dr Kim left. Now Greg let go of Sherlock's hand.
“Yes?” Greg called out and a member of security opened it.
“You can?” John stopped kneading and stared at him. Their eyes met.
“No, not at all. He told me your brother wanted to pick him up and talk to him before coming over. He was scared to death.”
“Yes, Colonel. Coming right up!” He hurried away and took some men with him. Sebastian was pleased. He took his mobile and called Moriarty.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock raised a brow but liked the reaction. It showed there were some emotions bubbling inside him. Sherlock found that it was good. As he had said, he deserved something good in his life. And Lestrade was the best that could ever happen to him.
“Go and shower now. I want to go to bed. And I want you to join me.” He gave explicit orders. Then he got out of the towel and held it out for Sherlock to take. He quickly approached and took it from him.
“There you are.” It was a platinum card and she stared at him.
“I will talk to Mycroft again. He will have a serious conversation with their super. If necessary, they will be taken off the case.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Are you telling me you are going with them?” Mycroft looked at him and his eyes were full of love.
"Yes, comfies. You provided me with them in that posh murderous hotel. You surely remember that, don't you?" Greg asked.
“God, it is good.” He slowly shook his head.
“It was.” But Sherlock smiled.
Greg tilted his head and gently cupped his cheek.
But suddenly Mycroft looked up and stared right into his eyes.
“I don’t want you to leave again. So, whatever you need or want, I’ll provide it.” John smiled.
That was a surprise for Greg who had expected to sit with Mycroft’s bodyguards in the car and now looked at the ensemble in front of his door.
After weeks they reached a lake in the middle of nowhere and they needed to cross it. The found someone with a boat and paid him to take them to the other side.
John could accept all this as long as they were together. He was too old to perform on stage in a club. Perhaps, they could go and watch others one day but even that wasn’t important.
They both fell back and Sherlock huddled close.
“Good morning, Sherlock, DI Lestrade. How are you doing?” He openly looked at Sherlock who looked at Greg in return.
“Sherlock? Mate, what’s wrong?” John’s voice was getting through the things that had filled his brain.
“I shall leave you then.” He turned away and left him behind.
“Why don’t you take me instead? Leave John alone!”
“Your eloquence proves me right. You are incapable, absolutely incapable. See? My limp is gone and so is my tremor. Not because of our therapy sessions or pills. No, because of love and understanding.”
“You came here and wanted to save him. You will have to deal with it or forget about it.” Greg was dead serious.
“Indeed, he did.” Mycroft scratched his chin.
“No, you don't.” He sounded very, very serious.
.” They laughed.
“So, why did you kill that poor bastard, Captain Watson? Missed him back in the desert?” Sherlock smirked. John managed a straight face but tilted his head.
Sherlock knew what that meant and he swallowed. It hurt and he pulled a face.
“Thank you, Sherlock. I had no idea.” Sherlock smiled and nonchalantly shrugged. Then he closed the door again. John quickly started the bubbling and enjoyed the massage all over his body.
Now John started to move and got up. Sherlock watched him shuffle into the bath and seconds later heard the toilet flush and then the water in their shower. He returned looking a bit better and also very naked. Sherlock let his eyes wander over his body. He so liked what he saw. His prick was very interested. John climbed back into bed.
John was all Sherlock ever needed. John always knew what he needed.
“I am not sure what that entails.” Mycroft replied.
Ian started the game and soon Sherlock found he loved it.
Sherlock couldn’t hold his stare and cast his eyes. John felt him relax and let go. There might be bruises come morning but perhaps this had been necessary.
“I wondered why you didn't join me in there?” John quietly said and Sherlock felt cold suddenly. Then he swallowed and licked his lips. He even had to clear his throat.
John kissed between his shoulder blades and Sherlock hummed.
“Don’t treat me like a child!” Moriarty was getting louder.
The very first day he had been brought here, they examined him very thoroughly. The film played in his head again.
John expectantly looked up at him and then at the table. Sherlock lit the candle and quickly brought the food. He arranged everything neatly on his dom's plate and made a step back. His hands were on his back and his head was bowed.
“No, Sir, I wouldn’t. Thank you, Sir.” Sherlock knelt by his head and pressed a muzzle over John’s mouth. He rolled him on his side and started to poke on his hole.
“I can do that perfectly well here at home. Sit down!” He pointed to the chair and Sherlock swayed over plonking down. He did not meet his eyes.
“Of course, I am still here. I love you.” Sherlock kissed his jaw.
“You still have doubts…” He said almost sadly. John walked up close and pulled him into his arms.
“He never had my hair cut. I suppose he likes it long like this.” Ian nodded.
“Get back up!” Greg knelt straight up with his shoulders strained. Mycroft licked his lips and walked away again disappearing behind Greg who didn’t dare look over his shoulder.
“You are right. But I will leave right away after. I can manage.” Sherlock slowly nodded.
“What?” It came out loudly and Sherlock twitched making a step back.
“Get out.” Sherlock quickly folded his body out and became a bit dizzy. John snatched his wrist and pulled him along. They entered through a door after having passed several others. It looked like a doctor's waiting room. And there were many dom's with their subs. They were all naked and kneeling on the ground.
“Come here and get your body over my legs. Position yourself properly. You know what I am up to.” If Sherlock was surprised, he didn’t show it. Instead, he quickly obeyed and lowered himself over John’s lap.
Sherlock had managed to make him leave. Rather quickly, in fact. He lowered his head and turned around. He fell into his armchair and stayed put.
Sherlock looked at John and grinned.
“My fault?” He shouted now.
“I’d like to see them try.” John muttered and it made Sherlock smile.
They kissed languidly and after a while disappeared upstairs.
He brushed his teeth at first and then took a long and hot shower. He didn’t want to be a nuisance and had taken his clothes with him. He got dressed and simply ignored Mycroft. He knew Sherlock and how he acted when the work was more important. He simply left their room and walked downstairs to find something to eat. Breakfast was still served and he actually saw Rogers helping himself from the buffet. He wasn’t sure if he should approach him but when he turned around and saw him, he stepped up and offered to sit with him.
“A whiskey, please. No ice. Straight up. Thank you.” John nodded.
“Why don’t you come to mine and I will provide a snack and explain everything to you?” Mycroft worried his lips.
“You know, I really wish your brother and Greg are compatible with each other. Greg isn't averse of being together with him. He is a bit scared but probably everybody is. I wonder what your brother would do with his livestock if Greg moved in with him.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Very well. Why don’t you come over for breakfast into the Diogenes tomorrow morning? I happen to know that John has an early shift.” Sherlock quietly snorted.
“Yes, Master.” He took the cuffs off his lower back and Sherlock carefully and slowly sat on the toilet. John left.
“I will serve you day and night.” John smiled devilishly.
“You know, there is only one end.” Again, they locked eyes.
“Don't use them up because I am still in desperate need of them.” Sherlock said and sat back down.
“It sure is. I am glad we are getting along.” They parted and Greg walked back upstairs to have a look at what Mycroft was up to.
“You don't need them anyway! Would you agree to have them cut off? For me?” John was panting when he shoved four fingers into him. Snot ran out of his nose while he weakly writhed on the sheets.
“Private hospital. You need to be checked through. Your back doesn't look good.” Normally he wouldn't agree but he didn't want to have scars.
“The next step I would like you to watch. I have set up everything.” John almost cross-eyed now.
Afterwards, he walked into his bedroom and looked into his toy box. What would he like to do tonight? What did he want John to do to him tonight?
John needed to come clear. He had become rather confused as well. The thoughts he just had were proof enough. He shook his head and shut down the computer. It was early morning and the sun dawned. He needed a cold shower and get dressed. Today he would meet his partners. Not the Russians but others.
“What?” John couldn’t think of more to say. Sherlock gently palmed his face.
“I can always put the gag back in but then I would just wank without you touching me and come onto you. Or you could behave, be quiet, and take what I dish out and will be allowed to pleasure me afterwards. So?” John asked looking at him with raised eyebrows.
“I have one question though.” John looked at him.
“Dublin? Why? Alone?” He stared at John and he looked shocked. Slowly, John turned around.
„Here, use this. Nothing will leak out too soon.“ He handed him a penis plug and Sherlock looked at it.
“You told him I was a brat. Stroppy. My usual self.” Greg nodded.
“Come. Lay over here.” Sherlock slowly stood and placed his body over John’s lap. His cock dangled between his legs and John hooked his leg over Sherlock’s, so he wasn’t able to kick around. Sherlock’s head hung low and he drooled around the gag. John stroked him with the brush and Sherlock tried to estimate the first hit. But when John struck down, he was surprised and bit into the gag. When John was done, Sherlock cried. John kneaded his cheeks and brought him back down on his knees between his legs. He placed his fingers under his chin and lifted his head. Snot and saliva already dried on Sherlock’s face.
“I don't think John would appreciate it.” Sebastian mused but grinned, too.
“I had no idea. What is it?” Greg asked refilling their cups with coffee.
They gave him trackpants, only trackpants. Sherlock didn't mind, it was better than nothing. His hands got tied on his lower back and he was brought into another room. They forced him on his knees and told him to lower his head.
He ached just perfectly. He knew he could look at the bruises that had formed later and enjoy those for several days. He could poke on them while he was outside and smile knowingly at John. His dom. His perfect boyfriend.
“Excuse me?” Mrs Hudson exclaimed. Sherlock shrugged and swallowed the pastry. He took another napkin and drank his tea.
“I would like to touch you. I would like to kiss you.” John cleared his throat and only then saw that he was wearing sweatpants by now, only sweatpants. It was amazingly sexy. He really was very attractive. He had skin like marble, pale white, no body-hair whatsoever and a finely shaped body with muscles. Not to forget the six-pack. The sweatpants hung low on his hips. He very well knew how fantastic he looked.
“Where would you get the champagne from? I don’t think the bar had any.” Greg said.
“Whatever. I need to be busy.” He seriously said. For a few seconds, Mycroft stared at him but then opened a file and handed over several documents.
Obviously, Sherlock had taken over his bed forgetting that he wasn’t alone in it anymore.
„God, I am so exhausted...“ John groaned.
“What?” John couldn’t believe it.
“Very well.” John said and licked his lips.
During dinner, Sherlock drank more than he ate. John drank, too, and felt rather excited.
He assumed that for this rather harmless game they wouldn’t need one. He trusted Sherlock to signal his displeasure, discomfort or pain if needed. So far, he seemed to enjoy this.
This was how John found him when he came back to check on him. He raised a brow and slowly approached him.
John came first and soiled the mattress. He slumped beneath Sherlock who kept fucking against him. He followed suit and came for the second time. Then he slumped on top of John. Both men groaned.
“Did he drink too much?”
“You want to administer an enema?” Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock was fuming. He rested on his front because his back hurt. Why did he have to stay here? It made no sense. He was awake and alert. He felt good, very good. But the nurses insisted on him staying for a few more hours.
John made a decision. He exhaled and reached out. He took Sherlock’s thin wrists and pressed down hard. He didn’t sprain him but the pain was surely noticeable.
“No. You have to order something. There are several menus in the kitchen. But not Italian, something else. Now go!”
“Did you actually like it or did you do it only to help me?” Sherlock asked not very bluntly.
His dom cast a last look over her shoulder and then closed the door from the outside. Sherlock focused on her. And she was indeed very beautiful. She wore a tight dress with wide shoulder straps in a dark blue shiny fabric. Her hair was a hazelnut brown and flew down to her shoulders in neat waves. She had tiny diamonds in her ears and wore a clutch. His dom had already taken her coat outside.
“What about me? Are you asking me if I want to see you again?” Mycroft straightened his body.
“Can you tell me anything so far, Mr Holmes?” DCI Barnes asked hopefully. Sherlock hummed.
Sherlock had no idea how many strikes hit his arse when John stopped. A few seconds later, the rope around his wrists was gone and the ballgag was taken away.
“Sherlock is a grown-up. You should not rule over him, Myc. That's something he absolutely does not need anymore!”
They walked through the aisles and John scanned the shop-windows for something he liked. Sherlock was very much afraid he would step into the M&S but he just looked at Sherlock and didn’t. He slowed in front of the Camel Store and Sherlock nodded curtly.
“You always do, don't you?” John grinned, too. This was just because of a case. There was no imminent danger.
“Do you want to call in the favour?” Bela suddenly asked Mycroft. He nodded.
“Certainly!” Ian replied.
“How did someone get past his security?” John wondered.
“If I would have suggested such a thing, you would have told me it’s inappropriate. In addition, you might have yelled those words.”
“We are all alone now, Sherly. I want to let you know how pleased I am with your behaviour. There is one last thing I want you to do.” Sherlock had his hands folded like he was praying and maybe he was.
“Nice place...” Greg said and Ian smiled nonchalantly.
“I am afraid this will take a bit longer to heal. You need to rest to get well soon.” He looked at him.
Sherlock had been exhausted afterwards and must have fallen asleep. He came to when the water hit his groin. He was held up and under the shower with their guest. John was filming them under the shower. He must behave properly and at once became alert.
“I see. Perhaps I can find out more.” Sherlock returned with a tea-trolley and their dinner. And it was very good and tasty. Ian was happy and so he said.
„Tonight? Here?“ John didn't like it. He wanted to bottom in a surrounding he was used to, he loved. Home.
Everything increased his arousal.
“Don’t I get a tea?” John tilted his head and raised his eyebrows.
“John…” Sherlock moaned. “This is very good. Keep going. You are doing perfectly…” John became more daring and sucked a little bit. Sherlock was scratching his fingers over his scalp by now. John moaned around him and it prickled.
“He is on a case now. I stand no chance.” John sounded pissed and sad at the same time.
“How will you be able to let me know if something is wrong?” John asked.
Slowly Sebastian approached John and tried to look into their car.
“I could drive, you know?” It was all that came to mind. Mycroft though shook his head.
“That’s fine, John. I wasn’t able to help.” Sherlock grinned. “And you left the plug.”
“Good boy!” He praised and knelt between his legs.
“What is wrong? Are you hurt?” A sad smile came up on both their faces.
“You did what? I am no fucking book in your library, Mycroft!” Greg sounded angry. Sherlock stood and pulled John out of the room. On the way out, John quickly grabbed two sausages.
It just couldn’t be happening to him, could it? He was not gay! Again, with the panic.
But he simply wasn't. He wasn't because John had changed the rules. The more time passed, the more he saw him as a friend, a lover, a slave with benefits. But was he still a slave? No. John had to admit that. Sherlock wasn't a slave anymore. He treated him as a partner. There were feelings.
Now he stood in their kitchen and stirred the dough for the pancakes. He had made more than usual because he wanted some, too.
“Now don't you look perfect!” John exclaimed and Sherlock noticed the missing
“But I feel strange. I don’t know what to do.”
John knew ways to torture someone with pressure points on the human body. He could also use electricity. The shop had many toys to use and he already started to think about it. They would hurt him. He knew how to humiliate people with words but he also knew Sherlock. He stood above that. But what if John was saying things to him? Making him small? He was rather sure that Sherlock would do anything to get on John’s good side again very quickly.
John still was down on his knees and only very slowly got up. He felt some drops trickle out of him. As soon as he was standing and started to shuffle over to the toilet, he knew he would have to hurry. Everything splashed out of him in a gush and he kept sitting there for minutes. Afterwards, he stood under the shower and had to hold himself against the tiles. He felt as if he had slept for hours. He felt fantastic. How could he not have known that enemas had this effect? It had been amazing.
Now Greg wondered if he should have accepted it. He paid a hell lot of money to his ex-wife who had repeatedly cheated on him during their marriage but had managed to find better lawyers since her new boyfriend had tons of money.
“I am in the kitchen, Sherlock. And you are not going to die since you are already dead.”
“I am sorry. I was stroppy. I know you don't think me stupid. I believe Greg explained everything to you. Explained me to you. There is no manual though.”
“Dr Malvin. Please, make him understand. I’ll be back in a few.” He smiled and left. John looked at Sherlock.
“He will never go on a vacation. It's too pedestrian!” John snorted. Moriarty grinned.
“They don’t. I did their work and I did it much better than they ever could.” Sherlock whispered dangerously. Greg held him back by his arm and Sherlock almost snarled at him. But Greg was used to it and didn’t mind.
“For now, we might.” He was still holding on to John's wrist and he let him.
“Yes? But how does he know?” John asked.
“I was stupid…” He murmured.
He walked into the studio and knelt on the hardwood. His hands were folded on his neck and his knees were properly apart.
Sherlock glared at him.
This was a situation he hadn’t had for a very long time. Sharing a bed with someone that wasn’t his brother Sherlock. He moved his palms over the blanket and felt his guts coil.
“Am not!”
“No, this is not a joke.”
They left together and Sherlock sat on the passenger-seat of Greg's police-cruiser. He looked at him and Greg grinned.
He also started to think about John and how he had treated him during the last days, perhaps even weeks. He couldn't even be sure if John still was at 221B. Perhaps he had already lost him.
“John, I missed you …” Sherlock murmured. John turned his head.
“Can't...” His voice broke and he fell on his knees in front of his brother.
“I am sure the few hours weren't worth it to throw Ian out.” Greg finally said. Sherlock looked up at him.
Mycroft came closer and finally sat down by the bed. Sherlock decided to be nice.
“We could go places where it's warm enough.”
„You may look at everything you want.“ His voice was low. John turned around and saw him sitting on the kitchen chair with his legs spread wide. At once he felt the heat floating his body and his prick pressed against the restrictive clothes.
Suddenly his head jerked up and he turned to the door. The next second it was opened and a tall blond entered. The hair was cropped short and shaved in the neck. He was muscled and wore black cargo trousers, an olive-green t-shirt and combat boots. He looked at James and smiled.
“I understand you didn’t like it when I touched you in the hospital trying to hold you back. I am very sorry for the misunderstanding. My intention only was the best. I simply wanted you to stay. I wanted you not to leave.” He helplessly shook his head.
Sherlock left as well, strolled through London, found Mycroft’s man and the solution, and returned back to Baker Street. He still was a bit bored but on his way home, he had bought a bottle of excellent wine and some snacks to feed to John to appease him.
“No, she didn't. Instead, she glared at me and shoved me inside. She closed the door and made me sit in an armchair by the fire in the living room. She gave me tea and a cookie. Then she wanted me to talk. I was beetle red and felt hot. It was so embarrassing. But she urged me on and I finally confided in her. When I was done, I stood and wanted to leave. But she stood too and pushed me back into the chair.”
“Sherlock, please use protective gear. You don’t know if this man was sick, do you?” At first, Sherlock was furious but then he thought about the gentleness and the concern and held back his anger. He masked it well and John didn’t notice. Nevertheless, Sherlock thought of punishments and envisioned John to pick his predicament for the night. But that would have to wait.
“Except for teaching you some manners perhaps.” Now John grinned. That expression made Sherlock swallow.
“Sherlock?” He asked into the semi-darkness of their suite.
“As weird as it sounds but I believe you.”
“That's correct.” Sherlock stood. He wore jeans and a button-down. Most of their clothes had been ruined in the play-room.
“Let’s go!” He exclaimed coming back outside carrying a weekender for Sherlock.
John had a lot to do not to burst into laughter. This was too good to be true. Instead, he stroked over his chest.
“I was planning to give you a massage.” He said instead looking utterly helpless.
“Watch what, Sherlock? Tell us. We need to know everything.” He sobbed.
John actually wanted to kill all the people who had given him a bad time in the past. Who treated him badly, tortured him, or hurt him both mentally and physically.
“So, you would like to heel?” Sherlock nodded. John tied his calves to his thighs. Sherlock complained through the ring. John pulled a rope from the ring on his collar down to his cock. His body was forced into a ball on the floor and he groaned.
“Miriam.” Mycroft quietly replied.
John looked up.
“Yes, Dr Kim.”
Ian looked at him and suddenly knew what he would do. He made Sherlock sit down and handed him a tumbler with whiskey. He also placed cigarettes on the table between them.
“It wasn’t him, Detective Inspector. I did this. I am responsible. He may sue me. Well, he can try.” He turned his head and stared at the man on the ground. Said man just swallowed.
“Sherlock, please?” John had rolled off the bed and stood by the side now. Sherlock looked utterly helpless.
“We can't stay here any longer. It isn't safe. We will pack our belongings and leave with Ian. I will stay the night with you but tomorrow morning I have to leave.” John stood and Sherlock got up, too.
“Of course, you do. You are my mate. You feel what I feel.”
And he dove into the work to have something to do, to be busy. He didn't want to think about his dom. John. His owner. His tormentor. His lover?
“I thought you had a day off?” Sherlock asked over the edge of the paper.
“You know me, Lestrade. My brother isn’t that different. Moreover, we had this conversation already. Why did you forget?” Sherlock smiled and saw the thinking process on Greg’s face.
He tried very hard to explain.
“I know we said you only have to wear it inside. I probably should have mentioned that I don’t expect you to wear it when we are having visitors which are not Mycroft.”
“Exactly, John. Oh, and could you tell Lestrade to bring this thing down? I am cold now.”
Sherlock kept sitting on the chair and didn't dare to look into the mirror. Instead, he looked at Ian.
“I don't have such trousers.” He pointed at Greg's shorts.
“I am sorry, Gregory. You can tell me about Sherlock and John later. Tomorrow even. I admit that I just wanted you here with me. Please, come to bed.” He held out his hand and Greg took it being very much surprised.
“You need to tell me what's going on. I know you have found something. I woke because of your increased activity.” John said. He knew he needed to appear calm and focused, otherwise they wouldn't include him.
“I know you’d never hurt me on purpose.” Sherlock leant a bit closer and so did John.
Ian had taken Sherlock to the National Museum and now they sat on a bench looking at a picture. It was eerily quiet around them because only a few people were in here. They sat close together and didn't talk to each other.
“Forgive me, I meant if there was a supervisor in case of an emergency.” He tried again.
John suddenly felt a high like he had never felt before. He shivered but in a good way. He felt his arousal building up but he was able to hold it back. Not even when he had made the perfect shot and kill with his rifle, he had felt like this. Now he knew he had been on the way to the dark side already as a sniper.
He soon enough reached Mycroft’s private place and stopped by the curb. A man appeared out of nowhere and Greg left the car. He had seen him before with Mycroft around. He was security. They looked at each other.
Sherlock was rather convinced that Greg would come up with something. He trusted him with these things. He had managed to bring Sherlock into his team. Even with Anderson and Donovan, it worked these days. Much better than at the beginning.
“Do you really think he will work something out? I mean something that appeases Greg?” John asked.
“Yes, I would like that very much.” He drank his coffee.
John was shocked. He felt his trembling body beneath his hands. He couldn’t believe his ears. This man was such an alien to feelings. How could he make him believe that he loved him?
Before John Watson had rented this place, it had been a public place, a heritage site. Visitors could roam the place and had to pay a fee to enter the premises. This was over and done with now.
“Why would you need to dress for the night? You will be in my bed.” But John shook his head.
John was behind him and took his wrists. He tied them tightly on his lower back. He also tied his upper arms and ran the rope over his chest and below his nipples. It went over his shoulders, too.
“I'll freshen up, as well.” Greg stood and smiled at Mycroft.
“Mr de Sousancourt?” Ian looked up.
“It was a proper performance then?” John just shook his head.
“See? Another reason to join me later. No one will dare to talk to me as soon as you have arrived.”
“We are still inside.” Sherlock said.
“Did you spy on me a lot?” Greg asked cleaning his plate.
It was too late to go back, even he had realised that. Greg coloured John's hair and they all changed into rural clothes covering their faces with scarves. Once out of the city they got horses and rode further away.
He approached him and Sherlock turned around. John rubbed his hands and grinned broadly.
“Move your arms to your side, John.” Sherlock ordered and John instantly obeyed.
“Perhaps not in your world of words but it is for me.” He slowly approached him.
“If you only want to go in there because you are jealous, then don't. If you are afraid, I would leave you, please don't. I would happily let him go, set him free, take him home myself, if it would make anything better.” Sherlock looked at their hands together.
He pulled his body off the bed and let him drop on the rug in front of it. The handcuffs stayed where they were.
Then he watched Sherlock settle down in his armchair. He crossed his legs and just watched John. He even smoked a cigarette. At least, he had opened the window beforehand.
Greg closed his eyes and swallowed. A bead of sweat ran down his spine and he felt his cock harden.
“Greg... I suddenly woke and I could not move. I am not allowed to shift too much, you know? And it was under my bed. If I moved it would come out and get me.” Greg stared at him.
Soon after a man in a doctor's coat hypnotised him. He also gave him some dubious pills but he took them without a fuss. The effect came instantly. His eyes drooped and gone he was.
“But why?” He whispered close to his ear and John felt his hair tickle him. His own hair stood up and he closed his eyes. He had no answer for Sherlock.
„Get into the bedroom, bitch!“ He whispered pointing the way. He picked up the bag with their toys on the way and followed Sherlock who was starting to undress already. John leant against the frame and watched him.
Sherlock took his legs and pulled him up on his thighs. Of course, he knew how to top. He actually had a past before the agency and he had tried many things with both men and women. And as a slave, he had been forced to actually rape other slaves after his training had ended. Back then he was used to train newbies.
He had some more drinks with his guest until he wanted to fuck someone. John showed him a guest-room far away from his or his pet's room. He sent up a male slave who would be able to bear what Sergej dished out.
“There you are, pet. Ready to face the day?” John waved him closer and at once he knelt in front of him assuming his position.
“Tedious.” But the long arms disappeared. John slumped into the bath. He washed his hands and looked into the mirror. God, he looked very well shagged. Then he grinned. He grabbed his clothes on the way back and stood by Sherlock’s side of the bed.
“I am sorry, Master. I just can't be sure what you want. I can't read your thoughts. I can only assume what behaviour is right or not. Please, forgive me. I didn't mean to be difficult...” He had whispered quickly holding his glass.
John pushed back into his mouth and he lightly swung. The ropes pulled at his testicles and cock and he groaned. The sound made John’s cock vibrate and he groaned, too. He grabbed several lengths of hair and again pushed into him. He held him into position, so he wouldn’t injure his cock and balls. He stuck into his throat and came down that long white neck. Tears ran over his face and when he was done, he pulled out and made him clean it.
“It must have annoyed him endlessly.” Greg said knowingly.
“Thank you, Sir. I am trying for you, I really do, Master. Forgive me, please, Sir!” Sherlock begged but desperately tried to push into John's hand. The grip tightened.
The man fiddled some more with the remote and the dildo started to push, as well. Sherlock groaned very quietly and his too-thin body trembled and shook as much as it could in its restraints.
. Greg snorted.
“Why would he do that?” Sherlock shrugged.
“No, as you have said, they are grown-ups and should know what they are doing.” Then suddenly something shot through John’s mind. Sherlock could see it clearly.
He chewed on his lips and longed for a drink. Finally, he got up and quietly moved out of bed. He went into the living room and poured a whiskey. He stood in front of the window all naked and watched Baker Street at night. It was still busy and he smiled. He loved this place. He was alive here.
“I understand. What about a drink?” Sherlock shrugged. He hadn't had a drink for ages but he always liked it.
“Sure, John.” He poured him a whiskey and handed it over.
Mycroft switched the plug back on and the intensity increased some more. The thing pulsed inside Greg’s behind and he twitched inside the ropes.
“You are my mate. It’s our money.” He moved his thumb over his hand and looked at Sherlock.
“You are the best, Sir. Your cock is the biggest and I only want yours. Forever. No one else touches me or fucks me. It is only you I need. Only you I let do these things to me. Only you bring me pleasure.” John had somehow slowed down and stared into his face. He had thought about letting him out to others, perhaps in a club. It would be a simply fantastic plan if Sherlock didn't like it. He smirked but only inside.
“I am sorry ...” John looked worried.
“He has well-developed muscles, but is still very slim. He does a lot of sports, running probably. He has perfect body control. This will be fun.” He slung several lengths around Mycroft's body. Above and beneath his chest, over his shoulders and around his waist and upper thighs.
“We need to tell John.” Greg said looking up.
“Nice, very nice indeed.” And he pushed inside. Sherlock almost dropped but managed to stay on his hands and knees. The pain was crucial. He knew he would make him bleed. He would tear him apart.
“I am happy. Very much so. I should have thought of stealing some booze from my brother.” He said.
“I’d like that, yes. But you don’t have to. I don’t expect you to.”
“Well, I surely found what I was looking for. Miss Adler made a great choice. At first, it wasn't easy but the more I gave in, the more I enjoyed. You should know, I understand you. I can understand the addiction. I had a wonderful time and I know what I like. I will talk to Gregory today and explain my doings.”
“Perhaps I should have given you a shot.” John was chewing his lips.
“Yes, he did. I wanted to ask why you never said anything. I mean, I am not that scary.” John looked at him out of wide, blue eyes and Greg simply had to laugh.
„We are two sick sons of a bitch...“ He whispered and Sherlock started to giggle.
Sherlock had noticed John’s reaction even though he hadn’t said anything. But Sherlock was able to hear him thinking anyway. He smirked into his cup of coffee and upped the ante.
“I am glad you told me about your past. I understand you much better now.”
“Yes, but not if you get thrown out.”
“Molly and Lestrade. I need supplies.” Sherlock replied fiddling with his mobile.
John slowly approached them looking at the food Greg had brought.
“Sherlock, hey. Come down. It’s OK. We are very grateful. Just calm down, please?” Sebastian placed his palm on Sherlock’s hands and he could feel how clammy he was.
“I need coffee. I will take a shower now.” Greg disappeared into the bath and Mycroft slowly stood up and walked into the kitchen. He eyed the coffee-maker but had no idea how it worked. He shrugged and took his mobile to order coffee and breakfast for him. He found a kimono on the back of the bedroom door and got dressed. It took his personal servant about ten minutes to bring the breakfast. Mycroft was very pleased when he opened the door and took it. He even thanked him and promised a reward. The man smiled at him and left again. Mycroft carried the box into the kitchen and placed it on the table.
Greg gnawed on his lips thinking about a proper reply. Then he grinned and typed.
“Yes, I do. You know, admittedly I am still clueless sometimes. But regarding Lestrade, it’s rather simple.” Sherlock said.
“Why what?” John was clueless.
“I know. But looking at his face was fun.”
“What I did today.” John leant back in his armchair. Curiously he watched him fidgeting around in his own.
“What?” John wasn’t able to say anything else. Sherlock grinned and rolled out of bed.
Greg thought. But he got naked really quickly.
“He wants to protect you, John.”
If he would survive this, he swore to himself he would tell him. He would also tell him sorry and treat him much better. He would do anything needed. He would even bottom for him. He knew that John would like that, he had seen it in his eyes. He would go on a long vacation with him because he knew John needed that and also loved going places.
“As you wish.” He said and forced a ring-gag behind his teeth. Sherlock groaned in delight while John buckled it tightly. John’s fingers held on to several strands of his longish hair while he slowly tilted the bottle and made him drink. Sherlock swallowed gulp after gulp until the bottle was empty. Then he belched loudly.
Perhaps now was the time to push Lestrade in the right direction. Sherlock chewed his bottom lip.
It was over after the last water being given to him. John took off the mask and Sherlock blinked into the light.
“Yes?” He expectantly looked at her.
“No, I don’t. I don’t have a date and I don’t feel like going out alone.” Sadly, Sherlock looked at him and thought:
“Let's do it right away and not lose time. Get him over the rack. I will do it myself.” Sherlock closed his eyes. He was going to be raped, probably in front of a camera.
It was very clear in the hospital when Mycroft had tried to stop Lestrade from leaving. Greg hadn’t taken it very well. He hadn’t liked to be touched and held back like that. If only his brother had asked nicely or even invited him for a coffee.
“You are living with the man, John. You surely do know what he likes to nibble on.”
Mycroft's mobile dinged with a text alert and Greg slowly turned his head. Sherlock knew something was up.
Probably, John waited until he was awake again to really enjoy putting them on him. Back on him. Plus, he would enjoy letting him sit in the dark being scared to death.
“Me? Do you want to stay in bed and be lazy? I could talk to DS Grant a bit more?” Sherlock innocently looked at John who suddenly frowned.
“Settle by the fire-place.” John ordered and Sherlock quickly heeled close to the fire. He enjoyed it. It was warm. And John had positioned both him and his visitor strategically because from here Sherlock would be able to hear every word he said.
He held his hand under the cold water while moving up his sleeve. He dabbed the wound with kitchen paper but it didn’t stop.
“Yes, personal. He wanted you to stay. He even came by partly because you were here. The fact that I was just fine, had been reported back to him already. You were his reason to come by.”
He pulled him off the chair and used ropes around his chest and shoulders. He was still fully dressed but Greg would find a way to get through. He used several more ropes to tie his legs and arms. He pulled his ankles up and connected them and he pulled his head back, too. Mycroft was forced into a bow and he softly moaned from behind the gag.
John moved so he could look into his eyes and Sherlock blinked. His hand came up and he caressed his face and hair. Sherlock shed some tears but did not safeword.
He reached out for John and pressed him back into the mattress. His long fingers moved over his muscular body. Finally, he kissed him. He was in control and John wouldn't do anything to him. He was safe with John. Always.
“If you ask nicely and give him a present?” Mycroft tilted his head and Sherlock laughed.
„Totally selfish, wasn't it?“ John smiled again.
“Yes. We'll do that, too.” He wrote something down.
“Oh, you little pig. You misbehaved. I am disappointed. You have held out longer. What's wrong with you, slut?” He shook his head and looked sad. Inside he roared with laughter because of the scared expression on his sub's face.
But could he make him commit crimes? It surely didn't feel right. John shook his head while typing wildly.
“I am giving you time to think about this. Please know that I want to keep you, no matter what.” Then he left.
“You are not going to work, John. Think about my reputation, please?” He only whispered.
Sherlock felt very protective around John. He didn’t want him to get hurt again, not after what he had endured during the war.
“Bathroom.” He finally said and John got up to fetch the key.
He didn’t forget though that he had promised to get him into subspace. He needed to proceed.
Sebastian sighed and shook his head.
“Well, this worked fine. You were a good nurse. Normally, I wouldn't leave him alone with a slave. But he has told me about you. Therefore, I will leave you alone with him to take care of him. He needs to be watched over in case he gets feverish. You have to call me if that happens.” He seriously looked at Sherlock.
He had a shower and dressed in fresh clothes. Then he brewed coffee and had breakfast. He leant back into the chair and rubbed languidly over his groin. He sighed looking upstairs where he knew his sub sat in the cage.
“A sandwich or two will be enough. And a bathroom.” He held up his hands and Mycroft grinned looking at his hands, too.
“I will. Moriarty wants me. If he sees me touching Moran, he will suffer a stroke.” And he didn't want John to be touched. Or want him to touch this filthy thing. Not that he would admit that. Of course not.
“Thank you, Sherlock, I appreciate it. Just help to make the flat not a too messy place?” Now Sherlock smiled.
“Sherlock, we are good. It wasn’t your intention to hurt me. You put so much time into your document to show me what to expect. I know you didn’t want to hurt me. So, there is nothing to be forgiven for, understood?”
“No!” Sherlock called and pressed back into the pillow. John grinned and upped the ante. He took several strands of his hair and pulled his head up. Sherlock managed to keep quiet except for the groaning he suppressed rather splendidly.
But then he pulled his hand away. Surely, he was just here to tell him that he couldn't be with him anymore. What had been done to him, what he had done, had been too much. He cast his eyes.
“Get ready for the day but don't show up downstairs. I will have breakfast with Sergej and see him out. You stay away from him. I'll have sent something up for you.” Sherlock rolled out of bed, at least he wanted but John held him tight.
“John, I had sex with other men before. Lots of it. But it never was something for real or with feelings involved. It was nothing compared to the wonderful thing we now have.”
“Number 10?” Sherlock looked up at him.
“Are you happy?” John looked at him and nodded.
“Sebby! Not good enough!” Moriarty’s voice yelled out of the speakers again. John tensed and ground his teeth. Moran changed the grip on him and started to shake him properly. When he was done, he pushed him forward. John stumbled at once being dizzy. He fell on his side and groaned. Moran was by his side at once and pulled his arms back. He used cable straps to tie his wrists and the plastic cut into his flesh. Then he pushed him down on a chair and tied his legs to it. He wound a length of rope around his neck and chest and connected it with the chair. Then he hit him flat on the face several times very hard. He lowered his head and held his lips close to John’s ears.
Mycroft had no idea what was going on inside or outside of his body. He only knew he felt wonderful. Relaxed. He wasn't stressed. He actually didn't think. His body was light and he was warm. But one thing was missing. What was it? He couldn't remember.
“Watch the clock, love ...” Sherlock chuckled and stuck his tongue into John's ear making him giggle.
“Listen, you are clearly not in the mood for another scene. We are going home.” Ian stood and Sherlock stared up at him.
“Yes, Mistress.” He left the table as it was and started to undress her. Soon she was naked and back on the bed.
“Yes, Master.” A tiny smile showed on Sherlock's lips and John relaxed. Today would work. Sherlock would witness and then they would go home again. And tomorrow they would leave the country for Russia. John had arranged everything overnight. This afternoon he would receive his booked appointment to earn some more money. It would exhaust him and John expected no resistance anyway.
“Now that I know about it, I can control it. Really. Nothing will happen to you.” John threw off the blanket.
“Thank you, John.” He ate that, too.
“You look wired, shocked. What happened?”
“This is what you are asking me? The relationship between Greg and your brother is on your mind? You already talked to your brother. You know everything.” John said.
“Thank you. This is great. I appreciate it.” John happily smiled. Sherlock shrugged it off.
“I am sorry. I will pamper you a lot from now on.” He said moving his finger over his cheekbone.
Sherlock loaded scrambled eggs, mushrooms, bacon, and sausages as well as baked beans on his plate. His free hand took several slices of crusty toast. John followed suit and they found a place to sit.
Sherlock’s guts coiled and he felt the pain. The pain in his behind. The pain.
“I need to have a closer look before your forensics take him down.”
“Listen, scumbag. Never do that again or I swear to God, I will come after you. You don’t want that.” John looked and spoke extremely polite but Anderson could sense the danger emanating from John and he swallowed.
“You are not supposed to move, do you understand?” John said and Sherlock made a noise. Then the massager got switched on and Sherlock’s hands soon turned into fists and he started to sweat. The panting became quite a bit hectic and John just watched.
“No, tell him I asked about him and let him know I’ll stop by tomorrow.” Greg replied.
“I'll take you to bed, Sherlock. Come on.” Mycroft took over and led him upstairs. Sherlock just walked along but standing in his room he muttered.
Sherlock heard the door close and looked out of the window in the living room. He saw Greg starting to run and he ran fast. He raised a brow. His moves weren't relaxed and his face looked unmoving. Had something happened?
”I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Mycroft. Just do something nice for him, will you?”
“Whom were you texting?” He asked out of the blue. Sebastian really wondered how he could ever know these things.
“I want to go back home. I need to be back with my dom. Only he can help me. I can't be without him. I will do something really stupid. See? Myc already is very angry. I made him angry. I don't want that. I need him. I need his guidance. Please...” Again, he begged and it hurt Greg's heart. Now he also understood why Mycroft was behaving like he was. But he stayed calm.
“No, no. It’s fine. I am good. I just need a break. It’s too much…” He looked rather helpless and it was a sight Greg was not used to when thinking about Mycroft.
“Now let’s see. I know what my brother told me. It may be different from what Greg says.” John shook his head trying to follow. God, they needed to talk about the punishment and not Mycroft’s and Greg’s bloody love life.
“Well, regarding the things that caused pain and I liked anyway, the answers are easy. The answer why Greg is angry at himself is more complicated. But I know him. I know of his past. And I am going to deduce something for you. But not now since he is coming back from his run and will soon join us.” Mycroft nodded.
“You never have simply weird feelings.” He said but his brother only shrugged.
“Look, John. Come here, please.” He quietly asked and John stepped close. Sherlock had a Christmas present for him. He couldn’t believe it. Expectantly, he came up to him.
He cleared his throat.
“After we had been so brutally disturbed, I looked at the place where the corpse had been brought to. It was the rather large kitchen fridge. I found scratch marks on the door and traces on the ground. The place where the plastic bags are stored was disturbed. The person who had taken the body probably was alone because on his or her way out, he or she bumped against several things both in the kitchen and on the way out. That way I followed the markers and estimated where they would lead to. That I told Lestrade and left again.”
“I understand...” He roughly whispered and kissed him. Sherlock opened up at once and quietly moaned.
“I am not worthy of you. I can't handle problems or emotions. I don't know how. I am overwhelmed by everything and I don't know why. I am useless. I can't even concentrate on my cases!” Helplessly he stared at John while the tears kept falling.
“I ordered these items already.” Sherlock showed him an order confirmation from the fanciest BDSM shop in London. John swallowed and looked at him.
The days after John had been to subspace, he felt very weird. He kept thinking about it. He wondered if Sherlock would do it again for him even though he normally didn’t dominate. But he was good at it. Not that John had ever had anyone to compare him with.
“But I won’t do it. I have bought it fully intentionally but after thinking very thorough, I decided against it. I don’t want to leave you alone. Unattended. It is just not right. No matter how aroused you’d get, I don’t care. It’s simply too dangerous.” He locked eyes with him. Sherlock licked his lips and considered his reply. Finally, he spoke up.
“I am so not sorry. You should be the one who is. You left.” John fisted into his hair and brought him on his knees. He pushed his thighs apart and forced his head back.
John realised that he scared Sherlock when he looked at him. And he relaxed. He made a step forward and smiled.
“You still have to be careful with that injury of yours.” John weakly said.
“Yes, thanks to you as always. And think of Lestrade, please?” Mycroft nodded.
“Downing Street, of course. He has an office there.” John looked wide-eyed at him.
“Ever.”
“We need to burn his clothes but not here. Hold the bag for me, please. I could use some of him for my experiments.” John held the bag open while Sherlock cut off hands and feet and at last the head. Then they left.
“Wait, you need to look at CCTV. We have a suspect and perhaps you have seen him before.” John turned back to him.
“Don’t you worry. Just stay put.” John said and Sherlock watched him close the curtains. He raised his brows. What was he up to? He had never done this.
“Present your cock to my guests, slut. Show them how eager and willing you are.” Sherlock was triggered and his prick grew in size until it hovered straight up into the air and leaked pre-cum.
“Yes, Sir, please...” More tears were shed.
“You are the best!” Sherlock broadly smiled while pressing down on John’s genitals.
“Go back to sleep then, John. I am here and I won’t leave you. You are not alone.” Minute after minute he felt John relax a bit more in his arms until he finally fell asleep again. He stayed quiet for the rest of the night.
“I don't care. For me, you are the most beautiful man I have ever met.” Now Sherlock blushed. But he was also reminded of John who had told him so many, many times. Sherlock swallowed.
Sherlock made himself as small as possible, barely breathed anymore and stopped talking. He wished he could make himself invisible.
“You are anything but, dear Gregory. Rest for a while. I won’t go anywhere.” Greg tried to look at him but couldn’t turn his head that far.
“Wait, wait. I need to check with Sally first. Wait here and don’t touch anything!” He hurried outside and the first thing Sherlock did was pulling over the first file he could get his hands on.
“Well, he didn’t tell me that.” John sighed.
“Sit. I’ll be right back with your drink.” Greg smiled at him.
“Did you hurt yourself up on that bloody wheel, Sherlock?” But he shook his head.
“Yes, we will do that. When do you need to be picked up tomorrow?” He expectantly looked at him. Sherlock looked into his mobile and told him.
“I'll be in the waiting area over there.” Greg nodded and they parted.
Moreover, he had already deleted the two times he had been forced by John to come with.
“The usual.” Sherlock replied. John nodded.
“You are just perfect.” Sherlock whispered into his ear and kissed his temple. Only then he saw him shudder.
The man who had carried the box just grabbed him by the wrist and pushed him flat on the ground. He pulled his arms on his back and placed the cuffs on him. Next followed the cuffs around his ankles. He was pulled back on his knees with the man kneeling behind him. A spreader-bar was placed on his thighs right above the knees to pull his legs wide apart. From his wrists led a leather strap to his ankles so he wouldn’t be able to get up. His body ached.
“I actually wanted to but wasn’t able to find anyone.” John shrugged.
“Perfectly right, my love.” He once ruffled his hair and got up. It was time anyway. He had an early shift coming up and needed to get ready. He quickly went through his bathroom routine and got dressed for business. He half hoped that Sherlock would have made him coffee but his wish wasn’t fulfilled.
“Really?” He nodded.
“Breakfast?” He asked and Greg opened the door for Sherlock. Together they walked downstairs and into the dining-room. It was set up for three and all the things needed were already on the table. Greg plonked on a chair and poured coffee. Mycroft followed. Only Sherlock stood. He wondered where he could eat? Both men looked up and realised his dilemma.
“John, you have to show Gregory how to do this. I need this more often.”
“Yes, Master.” Sherlock retrieved the bottle from the bath and John put his cock into it and pissed. This time it worked. Sherlock turned his back while he did what he had to do. Afterwards he emptied it into the toilet and cleaned it. Then he walked back to his side.
He shivered. In addition, he actually thought about the question and how to answer it. A few seconds later, he tilted his head up and tried to look at John.
“And?” Greg asked with a raised brow.
Afterwards, he had to blow his nose. She gently placed her palm on his shoulder.
John stood and slowly moved downstairs. Sherlock wasn't home. His coat was gone. John sighed and took a shower first. He instantly felt much better.
“I really don't know what to think. I only know I found a friend who needs my help.” They both came down again.
For just a few seconds, Barnes glared but then simply turned around and left. Grant followed him not without having cast a last look at Sherlock. The door closed rather loudly.
Sherlock focused on John’s lips and his tongue that poked out a little bit.
“Please, do.” Both men knew Mycroft would use the CCTV to watch as much as possible. But he would only be able to watch Baker Street from the outside because all the cameras inside had been removed by both Sherlock and Dr Watson.
“Anything?” He just asked. Sherlock looked over to John who shook his head.
“They spent the night together!” He was getting loud and only now Greg lowered the paper.
“Yes, John.”
“Of course …” John picked up his trackpants. The boxers were torn and so was his t-shirt but only at the hem. He pulled it over his head and ruffled his hair. Then he deeply inhaled and exhaled several times before he faced Mycroft again. He entered the living room.
“Oh, God ...” He just murmured and Greg looked over his shoulders and paled as well. Then they looked at Mycroft again.
He stood and looked into the sky. There were many stars and the full moon was shining. He was panting. And then he heard the voice. Mycroft. Mycroft was here, too. He quietly snarled and looked for him. He stood a few metres to his left and just dropped a body.
Afterwards, he filled it with steaming water and shed his clothes right where he stood. He climbed inside and wondered where to start the bubbles. He couldn’t find a button or something.
“Are you disgusted?” John looked at him and shook his head.
“Who will be going in?” Sherlock placed the mobile on the table.
He let the door open and sat behind his desk. He worked for more than two hours until he heard John call out his name. At once he hurried over and stood by his bed.
He strained his neck and felt John’s hair tickle his lips. He strained as much as he could and opened his mouth to catch a strand of his blond-grey hair between his lips and teeth. Then he pulled sharply.
“That happened before?” Greg just nodded and drank half of his pint.
“This really seems to be a great idea. I like the idea of being suspended. But where would we go to be able to do that?” John curiously asked.
Soon enough the door to the library was opened by the slave. Her hair was in disarray, her dress was torn and her face was bruised.
“Well, your dom isn't here, is he?” Sherlock struggled with his thoughts but finally he lightened up.
Such a shame, really, because he had looked nice coming out of the bath only clad in his trackpants and without a t-shirt covering his muscular chest.
“I trust you, my pretty.” Sherlock's heart melted.
He caught Greg’s head between his thighs and pressed. Greg groaned but didn’t fight. He felt the ropes around his wrists and soon his hands were tied on his lower back. He was completely erect by now.
At once Sherlock moved on his hands and knees and spread his legs wide. He lifted his arse and pressed his forehead on the carpet.
“I had to take care of Moriarty first. Let’s go and have breakfast now. Come on.”
“Take your hands on your back.” He ordered and Greg obeyed instantly.
“You can deduce what I want when I want it, am I right?” John stood and approached him.
“Where are the others?” Greg asked cutting open a roll.
“Thanks, love. Come here.” He stood on his tiptoes and they kissed good-bye. Sherlock licked his lips and decided to wallow in his fantasies.
John was still in the bath when Greg knocked and entered. Sherlock looked at him.
“Yes, of course. But those are business meetings all over the world. This is a weekend with you and it’s very different from anything I have ever done. I completely rely on you.” They looked at each other until a grin came up on Greg’s face.
“Sherlock, I want to ask you a question.” Sherlock looked up but didn't put the mobile away.
Now he stood in front of Speedy's and looked inside. There were a few tables and some customers already enjoying their breakfast. Sherlock swallowed and felt some beads of sweat move down his spine. But then he pressed his lips together and pushed open the door. He made the step inside and stood in front of the counter reading the menu on the wall above.
John tilted his head. Something was seriously wrong.
“No, more like, if you hurt his darling brother, he’ll send someone who’d kill you.” Greg smirked.
“I can see your erection. If you dare to come before I allow it or if you piss on the blanket, I am telling you, you won’t like the outcome. Behave! It’s just transport, you know?” John smirked and Sherlock’s eyes darkened.
John saw nothing at all.
„Naughty!“ John shook his head and made him stand. He used padded cuffs on his wrists and ankles and used ropes to connect them. Sherlock was chest down on the bed afterwards and panted already. Very carefully he moved his hips but John smacked his behind.
John pulled and stroked him until he came screaming beneath John. His eyes were closed and John kissed him hard. It didn’t feel right because Sherlock wasn’t responsive.
“After having x-rayed him, we will put him into a locked room, leave the light on day and night, feed him or not, perhaps drug him to have some fun.” John grinned.
But was it really important? No, it wasn’t.
“I didn't know what you wanted. I hope it is enough. If not, I will get more.” John took the tray and placed it on his lap. It was a full English breakfast and a tad bit more. He smiled up at him.
“But I won't allow it, John. You are not allowed to rut; do you hear me?” John could only nod. Both his arms and legs twitched.
“I said
“You could share your drink for the beginning.” John smiled and Sherlock handed it over. He sipped a bit and licked his lips.
“There you are.” He gestured towards the tub and Sherlock wanted to climb inside with his clothes on.
Then he listened. And finally, he smiled. He could hear John.
“That’s probably right even though it wouldn’t be a date, would it?” John laughed quietly.
“Just because he might get a call. Then he will run off alone to save my brother. He would do anything to get him back, even bring evidence or tell them whatever they want to know.” But Greg shook his head.
“You mean submit.” John’s jaw was tense when he answered rather tartly:
“We are very good.” Greg kissed him, slowly and languidly. Mycroft texted with his free hand while being kissed.
“Come here.” He pulled him against his chest and held him.
“Nasty…” Greg murmured.
“Where is my coffee? Myc?”
“What?” John looked between them. Sebastian just shrugged and Sherlock pointed out the basket filled with loads of goodies such as chocolate and alcohol. John slowly came closer and had a look. Everything was high-end quality. His hand reached out for his favourite and then he looked at Sebastian.
A few days later Mycroft fled his house and knocked at his brother’s door.
Only when their eyes met again Sherlock pulled him up and sat down with John placed over his lap. He adjusted everything as he liked it. One hand held John down and the other kneaded his cheeks for a while until he groaned.
“I am his mate. I feel somehow responsible.” He grinned and so did Greg. Sherlock stood and walked into the kitchen. Then he really made tea. Greg was surprised.
“Greg, how are you? Let me check your pulse.” Mycroft turned around and bared his fangs at John who just tilted his head. Then he carefully took his pulse and checked his watch.
Soon he started to sob and cry. He also begged from behind his gag because it was unbearable.
“I don’t… I can’t… I am stupid…” He teared up and John was sort of shocked.
“You may have your dinner now. After you are done, come and see me at once.” A clear and simple order and Sherlock knew he wasn't done for the day. His reply came instantly though.
“I guess you are still going with green then?” He asked and John nodded.
“Get up, pet, and sit down.” Tears were streaming down his face and he shook with rage and anger. John tried to help him up and into his armchair but he hit him with his flailing arms.
“Yes, I bloody well do. I’ll take care of it.” He looked at Greg for a moment longer.
“Let's then. My place?” Mycroft just nodded and grabbed his wrist. The same moment Sherlock returned. He stood close to John putting his arm around his shoulder.
A while later, Sherlock tugged at John’s shirt to make him look up.
Downstairs he sat down for a moment and looked around the flat some more. And he kept thinking about John Watson, Sherlock and just everything.
Sherlock stood in front of the fireplace and turned around at once. He was still dressed in his posh suit and John knew it was his armour for tonight.
“Why are you so surprised?” Sherlock asked. John blew his nose and looked at him.
“You know, this whole ordeal is entirely your fault, don't you?” John stated.
“John!” Much louder but still without success.
“May I tell John?” He asked and gave back the mobile. Mycroft nodded and Greg turned away.
“You have seen my cock, haven’t you? I need to trust you with this. You have to tell me if you need me to stop. Promise?” John was serious.
Sherlock screamed, bucked, and came violently.
“That's right.” Greg typed some more and they saw the shot came from opposite their flat. Not another flat but the rooftop. He changed the CCTV and had a view on the rooftop and there he was. Greg looked very pleased with himself when he typed wildly on his computer to load the picture into the facial recognition software.
Sherlock didn’t close his dressing gown when he hurried downstairs, out of the door, and right into Speedy’s, the café beneath their place. They knew him and didn’t mind anymore. Some of the guests had seen him before or simply knew who he was.
John had managed that by changing the rules. At first, he had treated him like the sex-slave he was. Now Sherlock was confused and didn't know what to do. But his behaviour towards him was flawless. John had no reason to punish him. But did he actually need a reason to do so? He could do what he bloody wanted to him. He was his.
“Please forgive it, Master. It is sorry, Master.” He heard him chuckle.
. John had thought he would be all alone. He knew Sherlock didn’t care and he hadn’t expected anything else. He had also bought all the things he wanted to cook. And he would have cooked them all for himself.
“Always.” Sherlock pulled John into his arms and kissed him senseless. After a few minutes, he pushed him away again leaving him all dazed.
„Head harness, don't you think?“ Sherlock wondered.
He found Sherlock pacing over the lawn with a cigarette. Questioningly he looked at him while hurrying up to meet him.
“Yes, of course. I will open a bottle.” He padded over into their kitchen and retrieved a bottle. He opened it and poured the wine into two glasses. He returned and handed over a glass.
“Pour me some and then get yourself a glass and come back here.” He did not call him
“This is right in front of my flat!” He stared at the screen.
“Don’t be picky, mate. Eat!” Greg handed him an empty plate. He sighed again but chose some beef and fries. He devoured the beef first and ate a few fries. But he got up and took a second piece of beef. Greg was pleased with it. The man needed energy. John would praise him and it would give him even more energy.
“She can read everything there is tonight and will be ready tomorrow.”
He sat up and slowly stood stretching his long and lithe body. He looked around for something to drink and found nothing. He drank directly from the tap. He padded over the floor and found his socks and trousers. He dressed into them and then John started to wake.
Greg moaned loudly anyway. Mycroft’s palm covered his mouth and pressed him against his chest.
Sherlock was ready for the next step because he had understood that he was more important to John and he started to show off his body. He had done it before but never with the right intention. Now he changed his moves or the way he sat, stood, and talked. He locked eyes with John, smiled more often, or even offered to help. Then he would stand over John’s shoulder and point at certain things on John’s computer when he was writing his blog. He was very close. He could smell John, his cheap shampoo, and his natural odour. All his olfactory senses were on high alert when he stood so close to him.
Sherlock slowly stood still watching John who appeared so harmless but was so dangerous.
“Yes, I did. He is capable of handling the situation.” He said looking at Sherlock.
“What? Myc, no! She came here because of Sherlock. Really, Myc, we need to talk to you really urgently.”
“Yes. I don't feel like work anyway. I'll see you later.” John stretched and looked at Sherlock.
“She does not need corporal violence. She is a weapon by herself. She and her tongue.” Mycroft said.
“You mean bugger!” Ralph exclaimed but laughed. They left the room and Sherlock was alone. His face hurt and his spine tingled. He was hard and aroused. Was this a reward? If John stayed away longer, he would suffer from dry orgasms and they were bad, very bad.
“How was he? I bet he is mad at me because I wasn’t there when he woke.”
God, this was John. He wasn’t stupid. He got the concept and now he was acting after it. He tried how far he could go.
“Now I will freshen up and change. Then we will go exploring.” He opened his bag, took his washbag, and disappeared into the bath.
“Thank you...” He climbed under the blanket and pulled up his legs. Only his hair showed and he faced the back of the sofa. Ian looked for a moment and actually saw when he fell asleep.
“Use them, please. Just use them...” Sherlock moaned and pressed against John's hand.
“Several hundred years.” He quietly mumbled looking at the wall and not at John.
“Yes, Master.”
“Be careful, please.” Mycroft said and Greg just nodded. He followed him downstairs and let him drive away.
One day Sherlock came home when John was on the phone. He quietly hung up his coat and entered the kitchen to switch the kettle on.
“You can’t stand a lot, can you, slut?” Another slap followed and Greg’s cock twitched inside the ropes. He also whined. He was so bloody turned on.
“Would you go out on a date with him?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes, Sir.” Ian tilted his head.
“Friendship.” He said and the smile on his face was genuine.
“And was it good?” John dreamily smiled.
“No, you don’t. You just need you.” They looked at each other.
Finally, he did what he normally would never do. He switched on the camera inside the guest-room. It was a hidden camera and he hadn't told John about it.
“I wish you would have feelings for me without being glamoured…”
He didn't want him to be scared. If he was too scared, he wouldn't be working well. His results would tamper.
“You are the devil…” He pressed the words out and elicited quiet laughter from Greg.
John licked his lips. This man loved him. He couldn’t quite believe it. It became suddenly much easier to talk to him.
„Let go whenever you want. Come for me.“ John whispered. Sherlock almost instantly arched his body and came. John stroked him through his intense orgasm and felt him clench. He held back for a little while but now came, too.
“Yes...” John slowly nodded.
“That’s great! You come with me and sit down. I have just finished dinner.” John was extremely thankful for the invitation and followed her into her tiny kitchen. He fell on a chair and ate everything she gave him.
“I need to see him, John.” John did hear the wording and nodded.
“OK.” Now John looked up and into his eyes.
“I have a past, you know?” She smiled too and made Sherlock quietly laugh.
“Baker Street is fine. Nothing is damaged. But Dr Watson changed a lot in 221B and C. Our teams are already in there collecting evidence and rebuilding. You don't have to worry. But you shouldn't be there just yet. Not alone.” She sighed.
“Tonight, it will be my boyfriend. It will stay by my side until I tell it to go and mingle. They will want to look at it. It will talk to them and dance with them. It will make them talk. If necessary, it will offer its body. Give them what they want but act as mine. Does it understand?”
“It felt bad anyway. Now I need a break. Can we walk somewhere not out in the open by the sea?”
“What?” He bit his lips. Had his brother been right? He didn’t answer John.
“You are at a loss for words. I did that to you. I am amazing because I can make the British government stutter.” He grinned. Even Mycroft had to smile.
Finally, he poured another wine and settled on the sofa with another folder of Greg's. He had brought work with him, of course he had. He typed his notes into his laptop and worked for several hours.
?” A voice asked coming out of the speakers. Somehow he pronounced the name in a rather weird way. Greg sighed.
“May I please suck your cock before you fill me up with it?” Now it was John who kept panting and touching himself.
“I thought about the last hours and what you did for me, Master. It was wonderful. I love you very much...” Again, they locked eyes.
“You promised me a snack but you are distracted. You seem worried. What is wrong? I can see you thinking.” Sherlock crept closer looking at him.
John stood and gently placed him on the sofa. Then he built a fire. Just when he wanted to give Sherlock a snack, he realised he had moved over to the fireplace. He had brought pillows and a blanket and now rested on the hardwood in front of it. His eyes were closed and his marble skin shone in the flames.
When he was almost done, he turned around and saw Sherlock finishing with the table. He looked up and their eyes met. Slowly Sherlock came closer and looked over his shoulder.
“Yes, I am. Thanks for leaving me a note and coffee. Greg told me where to find you.” John smiled. Sherlock didn’t.
Sometimes Sherlock wondered what John saw when he looked at other people. Obviously, he didn’t see what Sherlock saw. Well, normally no one except Mycroft saw what Sherlock saw.
He actually knew a tailor who could change the suit. And he would take care of the rest. It was time for several Botox injections to fill his face a bit. He would need to tie him down for it because it was painful.
“What did he want?”
“What is it?” Sherlock asked.
He took the blindfold away since Sherlock could only look downwards anyway. He had an idea though and connected the head harness to the ropes around his arms. His head was forced up and he blinked into the room.
John led him into their bedroom and made him sit on the armchair in there.
“Show me, Anthea. He is my brother and I need to know.” Reluctantly she handed over her tablet and showed him.
“You would like to have breakfast, am I right?” Sherlock smiled.
John put a finger on his lips to stop his babbling. But he smiled.
“Let him out and play? Are you sure?” He asked moving his fingers through the hair on Greg's chest.
“Yes, I am. You...” Greg got interrupted.
“I don’t want to hear a noise when I switch it on. Do you think you can manage?” John shook his head. He just knew he couldn’t. He only knew his cock would implode any second now. If the fucking thing in his backside was going to start moving, he would be lost.
John reconsidered his diagnosis. This hadn't been the flue. This had been some sort of a nightmare. Sherlock had been shocked after he had looked at the corpse. He had remembered something. And had reacted to that. He didn't want to be touched or held.
They kissed for a long time until Mycroft pushed him back a bit. Greg questioningly looked up at him.
“Well. So what? Why playing shy, Greg? Because you are not.” John shook his head.
John knew how to handle him.
“Come in!” They exchanged a last look and John opened the door. Sherlock was able to watch everything over his mobile. He put one plug into his ear to be able to listen to them, too.
“Tedious…” Sherlock murmured but looked delighted when his hand disappeared beneath John’s.
“John?” He called because he couldn’t see him but he could hear the radio playing. He walked into their kitchen where he found John leaning against the counter just lowering his mobile. Their eyes met and Sherlock at once saw he was upset. He looked questioningly at him but he wouldn’t talk. Sherlock felt the urgent need for something to drink. Something stronger than tea. Then he heard John whisper:
“Yes, Mycroft, I am fine. Very much so. Sit down, please. You are making me twitchy.” He lowered his long body onto the toilet-lid.
“I don’t know. Sex on the first night out…” He stopped talking shaking his head.
“I won’t.” Sherlock replied still smiling. “Would you mind giving me a hug?” He surprisingly asked.
Sherlock stared at the ceiling and wondered how he was supposed to get back on all fours. He tried to roll over and got on his side but from there he couldn't get up. He couldn't use his legs or arms to get a hold on something or push himself over.
“Where are we going?”
„Get me that special gag over there, please.“ John told Sherlock and he handed it over. It was a gag especially designed for piss-play. It partly reached out of his mouth and the other end was inside. His mouth was forced open and was covered by rubber. Sherlock buckled it very, very tight.
“Follow them slowly, my good horse. I don’t mind. I used to be so much better with this…” Another sigh followed when his horse started to move.
“Yes. Absolutely. But I want to be taken like this. Fuck me when I am helpless. Bend me over and use me. You know…” Greg shook his head being at a loss for words.
„Do you need anything?“ Sherlock asked but the door just got closed right into his face. He stared at the wooden surface and a single tear rolled over his cheekbone. He lowered his head and went downstairs to sit in his armchair. He sat there for hours, still clad in his coat.
“Well, that’s a sight!” Lestrade opened the door and broadly grinned. John blushed and Sherlock just shrugged.
“My doctor will surely have a look at you soon enough. But if he says hospital, you will go.” Sherlock wanted to talk back but then closed his mouth again. He was too weak to fight.
“But suddenly he dropped. Something must have happened because he returned to his drugs. He never returned into his flat. He lived on the streets. Sometimes I looked for him and gave him money and food. I knew it was wrong to give him money but I gave it to him anyway. His brother looked out for him, too. He tried to make him detox and brought him into rehab. But Sherlock escaped. Several times he did. And then he disappeared.” Greg sighed.
“Yes, my body is. My mind isn't. John, I don't know what to do. I don't want to be hurt.”
“It doesn’t matter since you are doing it now. With me. It’s brilliant.” They looked at each other.
“I am not sure…” John slowly shook his head. Sherlock slanted his eyes and leant forward.
Instead, he concentrated on giving him pleasure. He felt their erections touching and groaned into his mouth. He wanted him to touch back but he never would. Not without being told. And John decided. He knew what he wanted before he went into battle.
“Where is he now? Because he is not here.” John wondered.
“We will discuss everything now and see what information Mycroft has already gathered.” Raven rumbled. His voice made both John and Greg tingle. Greg stayed on Mycroft's armrest while John showed no fear whatsoever and approached the table with the maps and charts.
“And I will be witnessing the end. You will let me see how he is put down. And I want to read the documents. All of them.” Mycroft raised a brow. He wasn't begging anymore. He just stated his wishes. Mycroft smiled.
“And what did you forget, slave?” The next hit his stomach. Sherlock again screamed the number and thanked him. There was blood already and surely there would be scars forming.
“Always words, please. And now that we have talked, add an honorific, if you please?” John swallowed.
“I can’t really see the two together, you know?”
John stuffed the corpse back into the box and they had quick shower before they left. The moment Sherlock sat on the passenger seat; he fell asleep.
“I hope I am not in the way.” Sherlock said but Ian shook his head.
“The truth is that I don't want you in there.” At least a part of the truth.
A car arrived and it was Anthea behind the wheel. They greeted each other and Greg threw everything into the trunk while Sherlock already sat on the passenger seat. But he was used to it.
The moment he walked into the room he heard Moriarty call out and then he saw him stumble. His trousers were open and he was holding his cock staring at the screen where Sherlock was wanking. Moran’s mouth stood open. This was an amazing sight. Both of them were. Jesus, his boss was even drooling. He was so focused on the screen and watching Sherlock he missed the table’s edge and bumped his cock against it. He shouted and came over his hand and everything else which was close. His prick hurt like hell and he fell down on his knees. On his way, he hit the table again and made the laptop fall off and it shattered on the ground.
“Could you get the first-aid kit from Sergeant Mavis? Just call out for her and she will come running.” He looked up at Greg who just nodded and pressed Sherlock’s hand before he left the bath.
“This is really good.”
„Use gloves, Sherlock.“ John seriously chided.
Then his eyes met John's.
“That sounds very good to me but will you manage? Really manage?” Sherlock asked pulling his cheeks apart and rubbing his thumbs over his hole. John's arse came up. His body reacted to the stimulation.
“I am now.”
“Hands!” Sherlock's forehead kept touching the hardwood when he reached behind. John cuffed his wrists to the wooden implement.
“Household chores are too pedestrian. I have Mrs Hudson for help.” John nodded.
Very slowly Sherlock shed his jacket and just dropped it on the ground. He toed off socks and shoes. The trousers were followed by his shirt. The man already looked greedy and licked his lips.
“Well, what can you tell us so far?” The DS asked looking up at Sherlock. He seemed to be rather fascinated with him. John thought he had moved too close and moved, as well.
“I obviously wanted to tell you but somehow got distracted.”
“God, I am dead tired...” He shook his head. Mycroft stood and took his glass.
“Perfect!” James answered and they hung up. Sebastian put the mobile back into his pocket and watched the whole procedure.
“Sherlock finally found a mate? He must be special!” John made a step forward.
While Greg was in the bathroom, he unpacked his stuff and neatly hung it up or folded it into the wardrobe. He placed his shoes by the door and put his pyjama under the blanket. He added his wine to the top of the bar as well as the whiskey he had brought. He hadn’t trusted this place with good alcohol and he had been right when looking at the bottles provided. He would never touch that stuff.
“Of course not. I simply felt stupid beside you two.”
They rested for quite some time until Sherlock’s new mobile dinged and he reached out for it. He checked the display.
“Have they confirmed the transaction?” Mycroft just asked and John had to close his eyes. Greg's fingers closed around his wrist.
“I have indeed memorised the few occasions you were eating and acting after it. I also wish I knew what you really like.” He locked eyes with him. Sherlock was frozen.
“He moved back to Baker Street. DI Lestrade will be staying with him for a few days. Sherlock is coping very well. Bodily, he is healing perfectly fine. Mentally, I am not sure. That's why I pushed him into moving back.”
“Come.” John just looked. He was still a bit uneasy but then toed off his shoes.
“You should have Molly check on you, too. You look hellish.”
“It smells delicious.” He started to pick out the mushrooms. Then he found the salmon. Carefully he placed it on his tongue and then swallowed. John watched him.
They sat like this for a while and it was enough. All of a sudden though, Mycroft started to speak.
“I will.” Then he shrugged out of his coat and gave it to John. And then he started to climb. Lestrade stood beside John.
“Here, I brought a pair when picking up your backpack, Sir. They should fit.” A pair of combat boots was handed over and Mycroft thanked the man.
“No, they don't know your scent yet. You need to be properly introduced. Trust me, OK?” They nodded. Mycroft went to open the door. There were voices rumbling and footsteps approaching. Then two very muscular and tall men entered the room. Bela nodded.
“I need a drink, too.” Sherlock said and carefully sat in an armchair. Mycroft poured him a whiskey and handed it over.
Mycroft sat straight up and eyed the cake. It looked fantastic. Greg plonked down on the chair opposite of him.
“He is still at home, I ensure you.” Sherlock smiled.
“Noho ...” But he did cry. Loudly. And he sobbed. John stood and walked around the table. Then he sat on his lap and hugged him.
He blindly reached around in the murky water. Soon enough his hand caught fabric but he knew it wasn’t Sherlock. He kicked and pushed because the other man wanted to hold on to him but John fought him off.
Sherlock wrapped his long coat over him and John sighed. He deeply inhaled. The wool still was a bit wet but smelled of Sherlock's after-shave and his shampoo. Also, his sweat. He could recognise him everywhere amongst hundreds of people.
Back at 221B, John fell onto the sofa and sighed. He stretched and his bones cracked. Sherlock expectantly looked at him and John had no idea what he wanted.
After two strong orgasms, Sherlock slept all through the night. He had no nightmares and felt warm and taken care of. His dom had been so good to him and he promised to himself he would behave. He would be good for him.
John also looked at the obvious bulge beneath them. He reached out again and rubbed his palm over it making Sherlock moan with pleasure.
Upstairs, Sherlock had left the bags in the kitchen and stood in front of the Christmas tree. John hurriedly stored their goods away, well actually his goods. But anyway.
“And what about you and Dr Watson?” Mycroft wanted to hear something in return and Sherlock told him about his latest wish and how John had reacted to it. He also added the event of today.
“We should continue researching. Otherwise, Mycroft will return and tell us off.” Sherlock snorted.
“I had a look at his file. He has been sent home invalided. He is a cripple, Sherlock. He is limping and his hand is trembling. Even if he was a fantastic marksman and fighter, this time is over.”
“Hush, Sherlock.” They kept looking and John pulled Sherlock away into another aisle.
He kept thinking about Sherlock and how very attractive he was. He remembered several guys from his time in the army. Yes, he had snogged them. Yes, they had been touching and he had liked it. His protest regarding the gay thing was only born from stubbornness because of his sister. He had wanted to be left alone by his parents and never told anyone about it, about his feelings.
“What’s wrong? You are home early.” He said and John sighed falling into his armchair.
Afterwards, John kept fucking him for some more time until he came for the second time. He filled him with his cum and pulled out. Only then he looked up and into his face.
The next morning Ian felt he was suffocating. He turned his head and groaned. He could barely move and blinked his eyes open.
Two fingers closed around his jaw and tried to move his head. And it did move a bit. He shook his head.
Sherlock had been faster than him and already licked his fingers clean. John watched him from underneath his eyelashes. The warmth spread some more and reached the nether regions of his body. He swallowed and kept eating.
“Yes, he did.”
“Just let me know what you want. I will have it rebuilt.” Mycroft shrugged.
“Sure, my little slut. What is it?” Very carefully Sherlock placed his palms on John’s thighs.
“Why? You really like him; I can sense it. And he does like you, he really does. And you didn't really need to glamour him at all.” Sherlock took his brother's hand.
He forgot about all these women rather quickly. It had been nothing serious anyway.
“We were supposed to meet right here.” Greg looked around, too.
“No, I really don’t. But now I don’t mind anymore. It will work. Somehow. I will have a good time. And I hope he did pack what I asked for.” Mycroft stood and straightened his jacket.
“Yes, Master.” He nodded and moved up very close. He reached out and twirled his finger into some strands of his hair.
“You can fuck me being tied up. You can do suspension. You can gag me. You can even clamp my nipples or bind my cock. What you can’t do is anything with blood, weapons, and diapers. Baby-play and pony-play. I don’t like that.” He shook his head and finished his drink.
“Oh, come on! Tell me! Sherlock wants to know, too. Please?” John begged.
“Could you please get me somewhere private? Quickly...” He roughly whispered and a sob followed. Ian wondered what had triggered him but simply took over by grabbing his hand and pulling him into the nearest restroom. He locked them in and leant him against the wall.
“Let me hold your hand, please.” Ian whispered into the dark and placed his hand into the middle. It took Sherlock a moment to react. The blanket rustled when he moved and his hand was placed into Ian's. He closed his fingers around Sherlock's and held him. He didn't speak.
“Are you gay, Greg?” His smile was quite a bit lopsided.
A hand slapped his cock and he tore his eyes open.
“Try to sleep, Sherlock. Close your eyes. I will be here.” And Sherlock closed his eyes. John moved a bit closer and put his arm around his chest. His head rested under his shoulder and he could smell him, his exclusive shampoo, his cologne, his fear, everything.
“What can I do without him?” His words were quietly spoken but they were the first steps into a new life.
They kept sitting silently with a drink in hand until Sherlock’s eyes drooped.
“Very well, Myc. And please hurry!” Greg hung up. Outside several cars stopped and she grinned.
“Got it?” Sherlock nodded and reached into his trousers.
“This is not funny, Sherlock!” John said crossing his legs. Sherlock crawled over the hardwood now.
“Myc. I missed you...” He roughly whispered the words.
“No, Greg. You already did everything possible. We owe you big time.” Greg smiled and just left. Now Sherlock sat on the lid and looked at John. He somehow was glad that Greg had taken care of John, had helped him upstairs and prepared the bath for him. When he saw John leaning against Greg, he had to close his eyes for a second. A pang of guilt and jealousy shot through him. But Greg just was a care-taker, he took over by instinct. A thing Sherlock never was able to do himself. Not even if he wanted it for John. He inwardly sighed and returned to the present. John was looking at him and Sherlock gave him a very lopsided smile.
“They are just numbers.” Sherlock replied. Ian cleared his throat.
Tomorrow he would talk to John about subspace. Perhaps, John knew how to reach it or make him reach it. Perhaps, it was just a myth.
“Sorry, what was that?” Sherlock pulled a face but repeated his words.
“I need the bottle. Get it.” He simply gave an order. He wasn't yet able to tell him sorry and explain himself.
“Here, give him this with every meal he eats. Check his wound for infection and take his temperature and pulse. If something seems to be wrong, call me.”
Sherlock swayed directly into the bath and showered with hot water. He washed his body and hair, extracted the wicked plug, and washed it, too. He placed the bells on the cupboard.
“Mycroft?” Greg quietly said and Mycroft looked at him. He met his dark brown eyes and swallowed.
“Are you worried?” John looked at him.
His nipples were still pulsing and the plug was still there, too. His cock came back up and he decided to have another wank to reward himself.
“Too subtle, ey?” Greg quietly laughed.
“Like what? The only thing I want to do is join your troops when storming into their place. I want a weapon. I want to kill them all.” His blue eyes were on fire.
“Look at my finger, Sherlock.” He held it right in front of his face. Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and eyed his finger. Then he snatched it and held it tight laughing.
“I believe he will. Oh, have you heard about Mrs Hudson?” He told her too and she looked horrified.
“Absolutely.” He folded his arms beneath his head and stared at the ceiling. John looked at him and reached out. His hand rested on his flat stomach and his thumb moved over his skin. Slowly, Sherlock turned his head.
“I want you cleaned out for what I have in mind for you.” He took off the blindfold and held his head up. The steel grip of his fingers made Sherlock's jaw ache.
“You make me a very happy man, Gregory. Let me, please?” He whispered and reached for the ring. Greg reluctantly let go of it but then watched him put it on his finger. Both men looked at it.
But suddenly his brother let go of his hand and stood. Sherlock knew he was angry. But why was he angry?
Their next times together needed to be negotiated. There were so many things John wanted to do with Sherlock. To Sherlock actually. And he needed to know his likes and dislikes. Most importantly, they needed a safeword.
John soon had three fingers inside but knew it would never be enough. And Sherlock had said he liked it like this. He wiped his fingers clean and used Sherlock’s dress shirt.
“Thank you!” He said and looked at John.
“Bathroom. He wanted to freshen up.” Sherlock replied.
“No, I shagged my livestock. Now I shag only you.”
Somehow Sherlock managed to get John on the rug and on his back. He parted his legs and rubbed his thigh against his crotch. John was panting and so was Sherlock.
“I would be glad if you two would stay until tomorrow. We could leave together?” Mycroft suggested.
“I could heat up some leftovers if you want more than a sandwich?” John offered.
Sherlock sobbed desperately but knew he was in no position to expect mercy. John was on a rampage and Sherlock had no idea how long this torture would last. So, he tried to make it better by reacting to John's words.
He was buried amidst the pine needles and branches and swore wildly when he heard Sherlock ask:
Now he had no bed to sleep in but he would sleep on the sofa for a few days. He already had ordered a new sofa that could be turned into a comfortable bed. Later he would be looking for another place to live in, a bigger place.
God, he even smiled at Donovan when he passed by her but she just slanted her eyes suspiciously.
“I love you, John. I’ll never go away. Whatever you do to me, I don't mind. Do you hear me? Never. It’s my biggest fear. That’s why I agreed to everything …” He shook his head and closed his burning eyes.
“Of course, slut. It may have some more!” And the riding-crop hit him exactly twenty times, crisscrossing the welts and making them bleed.
“Come on. We can have lunch together but then I have to get back to work.” Sherlock relaxed and quickly followed his Master downstairs.
He ordered everything he thought was needed and threw a note on the counter. He thought of thanking them and dashed back upstairs carrying two paper bags with food.
“I am glad you didn’t choke or became sick.” It brought another smile up on Mycroft’s face.
“Souvenirs. My guitar and my records. All my clothes. Some pictures.” Greg told him.
John took his wrist and held him.
“You know, the fact that he stayed with you, kept being close to you, shows me something. He does like you. A lot. He sees you as a man, not a dom. He enjoys being with you. And he is confused because of what he feels. So, he lashes out. Plus, he is a fucking brat.” Greg grinned. And finally, Ian relaxed again. He rubbed his palms over his face.
He would keep it and fuck it as long as he could. He still wondered if he should buy it. It would be worth it. And he mustn’t kill it, it was a brilliant scientist and a fucking good spy. John grinned and opened his eyes. Sherlock looked at him and he stilled.
He also had liked the way his brother had ruined this woman. It was the perfect strategy and at the end he had John kill her. He had hacked into the life-stream and watched everything. He knew Sherlock didn’t mind.
Ian eyed the coffee and Sherlock at once poured him a mug. He also offered milk and sugar and Ian took both.
“No, you don’t have to.”
“Have you wanked after I blacked out for the second time?” John blushed and nodded.
“If you are missing anything, if you want me to do anything for you, you have to tell me. You know I am not good with …” John smiled and pecked a kiss on his jaw.
“Turn your face towards the camera.” John didn't have to say these words because Sherlock knew what he wanted. Out of wide eyes, he stared up to the red light.
“I won't ever harm you.” Sherlock said. John simply nodded. They ate. Sherlock picked his food and took the lamb.
“Apologies, Mycroft.” Sherlock said and Greg smiled at him.
. Shakespeare always soothed him. He had no idea why.
“It actually explains a lot of his actions…” John thoughtfully said.
“Why would I leave here?” He asked shaking his head. “There is no reason. I have just moved in.”
“I may have lost him.” John smiled and shook his head.
“Johnny! There you are! I was looking forward to seeing you again! It has been too long, mate.” He shook his head and John looked happy, too.
“But we were working.” Sherlock said.
“Why are you thinking so loud?” Sherlock stood behind him and John almost dropped his mug. He turned around.
Ian had expected a lot of things. But not this. Again, he sort of felt pity for the man. He still was so innocent, even naïve. John hadn't been able to beat the innocence out of him.
“You may suck elsewhere, love.” Greg told him and Mycroft looked a bit shocked. John chuckled and took Sherlock off and away.
“My name actually is Sergej. Your name is Mycroft. We need to know nothing more.” His accent was soft but distinctly Russian.
“There is another bedroom upstairs if you'll be needing two bedrooms.” John looked at her.
“Thank you.” Mycroft took some grapes and watched his brother.
“No, you look human. I like it.” Greg cupped his face.
Greg watched them from the doorway. He saw Sherlock still holding the braided hair and quickly dashed upstairs to grab the bin. He could burn the hair tonight too.
There were several rooms in the basement and John only opened one of them. Behind the door, there was a fully equipped baby-room.
“Whatever you want.” Ian said. Now Sherlock had no idea what to tell him. He hadn't done anything remotely interesting or even exciting in a very long time. The cold cases Greg provided were his work. But did he actually have any hobbies? No, he answered this by himself. The lab work he did was because of his crime solving. OK, yes, he liked doing experiments and he had studied chemistry at university. But could he call it a hobby? He thought no.
“As you wish, Gregory. When shall I be over?” He asked.
“How are you feeling, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked but Sherlock didn't reply.
“Sherlock.” They nodded but didn’t shake hands. He didn’t move away from John’s side.
“But of all the other drunken suckers who would stand close to you in that pub.”
“What do you want, James?” John interrupted him.
“Would you like to talk to me?” Sherlock looked at John.
At first, he couldn't work it out and he actually became angry. His hands started to shake and he blinked several times. Greg left him alone and just watched. Sherlock forgot all about him and read it again. And then another time.
“I’d never ask for it anyway.” Suddenly he wrinkled his nose and moved his head from side to side.
“Very well done, pet. I am so proud of you.” He gently palmed his face and Sherlock felt his prick harden.
“I am feeling perfect. I slept through the night…” It sounded surprised.
“I was young and I was rich. I wanted to have fun. Of course, I have been to whorehouses. Soon enough I had to find one with men inside which was almost demonic back then.”
“Hello, sunshine …” He throatily greeted him and his smile was quite a bit lopsided. Sherlock closed his book and cupped his face.
“And what about you?” Mycroft said after a minute when Sherlock still hadn't said more.
John took the opportunity and looked more closely at the skull.
“Don’t you want me to come with you?” John asked and Sherlock looked over his shoulder.
“Obviously!” Sherlock said and John pinched his right nipple.
Sebastian handed over the leash and looked at him.
“Ten minutes to go, pet. You will wait in here. I will let her in. I will leave you alone. You know what to do. And I trust you. She paid a lot of money for you and you will please her, won't you, pet?” He locked eyes with him.
“Yeah, he does that when he doesn’t understand what happened.” Greg told him.
“Just don’t feed me only greens.” John quietly laughed.
“It's too cold.”
“You look amazing! Come on and see for yourself!” He ushered him back towards a mirror and both men looked inside.
“Look at me, Gregory…” Mycroft whispered and cupped his face. Greg opened his eyes and Mycroft looked into the brown, warm depth. He thought of melting chocolate.
“I am sorry. I shouldn't have. Now exactly the thing happened I feared the most. I will lose you...” He turned away shaking his head.
He checked his watch.
“Scoot closer and hold on to me.” Then he tried to reach Mycroft. He placed his palm on his cold forehead and got his attention at once. He looked into his eyes and sent his message.
John yelled but only inside his head. He didn’t want Sherlock to think he was getting insane.
Sherlock slept peacefully in his bed all alone which was a rather rare experience lately. But he absolutely enjoyed it. He had sprawled all over the mattress. He stretched his body like a cat and yawned strongly. He wanted coffee and croissants. Lazily he rolled over and got out of bed.
“I read about force-feeding, nipple-play and diaper-play. I read about a machine where you are made to drink a lot then it circles around and you are forced to drink your own piss while being fucked into your behind. I also read about latex-suits and masks which cover your whole body. Only a tube leads into your mouth. I …” John covered his mouth.
“You have to take this uniform home after we are done here. Promise me...” He roughly whispered.
His lips started to quiver and he went under the water not wanting to sob aloud.
“This will be over soon, John. You can do it. Do it for me.” John breathed through the cramps and always felt his caressing touches. After only a few minutes they stopped and he felt the water move inside him. It was almost calming him down, in fact it did. His body relaxed and his mind drifted away. He barely felt Sherlock remove the tube. Only when he was smacked on his behind, he opened his eyes.
He tried to roll them over and Sherlock let him. This was new and interesting. He was beneath John and looked up. A position he had never experienced so far.
“I missed you…” John whispered but didn’t move.
„Yes, absolutely! This is amazing! I am so excited! So many things to see, examine and look at!“ He started to hop on the spot. John looked around and saw nothing.
“Yes, of course. I do know that Gregory was worried about you.” Sherlock looked into the distance.
His security man approached him.
“Perfect man?” He quietly snorted but a small smile slowly appeared.
Was Sherlock a sadist or just liked to dominate in bed and elsewhere? Well, John knew about elsewhere. Did he like to hurt people in bed? Did he send him home to see this? Would he be willing to give himself over to Sherlock? Did he trust his lunatic flatmate?
“No CCTV in Brixton?” He smirked again but in a friendly way.
“Really?” He asked.
“Ask right away, Sherlock. You are my friend and I don't mind.” Greg had cleaned his plate and now wiped his mouth.
“Please, don't cry.” Mycroft said handing over a Kleenex. Gregory blew his nose and shook his head.
“Wait, mate. He is a doctor. Listen.” He held him back and Sherlock did listen.
“I believe you, Sherlock. It's fine, I do.” He slowly let go of him again.
He shakingly exhaled.
„Let's exorcise your demons.“ He stood and pulled Sherlock back into the playroom.
“No, absolutely not! He experimented when he was at university. He told me exactly that but nothing more.”
“Shouldn’t Lestrade be at work already?” He asked with a frown.
“Sherlock?” He slowly turned around.
“Your things have been brought over. I am sorry. I will also make a fire for you.” Then he just looked at him. John remembered his last question and smiled up at him.
“I need to trust you with the colours, John. If you are weak or dizzy, you need to tell me, you need to stop me. If I’d hurt you …” He closed his eyes and placed his forehead against John’s back.
„What do you think?“ John swallowed and reached out over the table to take his hand.
“Like what you see?” John stood, too.
“I can't possibly sleep. But I will come with you and hold you if that is fine.” He looked at him and Greg smiled a very tired smile.
“He made you wear a collar?” Greg hadn't seen when he had visited them at Baker Street.
“You are cold. Go and get dressed while I pour you a drink.” Sherlock beamed at him and hurried into the bedroom. John could hear him rummage while he poured the wine.
“He won't take me away again against my will, right? You will take care of that, right?” Sherlock asked.
“Well, let’s get to the punishments. You agree to a spanking and the use of a riding crop. You don’t want scars but accept welts and bruises. You did not write about being punished while tied up.” John looked at him again.
“Good morning. John, isn’t it? If it would have been my intention to kill you, you would be dead by now. I told Sherlock I would come over to talk to you since he had been asking me very nicely yesterday. I didn’t expect you still asleep. Pardon me.” He turned around and left the room.
“I already told her. I also suggested she should stay here.” She looked at him.
“Why not now? Did you have other plans?” John asked. Sherlock slowly shook his head.
“Thank you, Master. I would like to get tied to the bed with a blindfold on. I would like you to touch me everywhere, stroke my skin and kiss me. I would like you to make love to me. Please, don't use anything on me. I would just like your hands and your cock, Master.” John hummed. This he could do; it was no hardship and he would get to fuck him.
“Already arrested. Hm. Same way. OK, Lestrade. We are on our way.” He ended the call.
“Fuck your instructions!” Greg muttered and enjoyed the fast car.
“Yes, Master.” The client replied and Ian pushed the rubber into his mouth and pumped it up. Soon his cheeks were filled and Ian buckled the gag tight. The man went over into a corner and knelt. But he sat on his heels and Ian raised a brow. He took a paddle from the wall and approached him.
“If you want me to do such things, we need to take our relationship outside. They will all know. You didn’t want that.”
“Don’t worry, John. This was Mycroft, my brother. Please, would you be so kind and offer him one of your spiced specialities? Oh, and get dressed beforehand, please. You don’t want his hands on you and I don't like the idea of it at all.”
“I am sore. There are bruises where you sucked and held me. But it’s good. I liked everything. I was just overwhelmed. Mostly I was surprised that I reacted like I did.” Sherlock hummed.
“What do you need?” Greg quietly asked.
“Do you have a first aid kit?” He asked and Mycroft nodded.
“We are on our way.” He closed his laptop and told John what Myc had said. They left.
“Yes?” He cleared his throat and quickly sipped some wine. John smiled.
“Do you see anybody else in here?” He asked.
“Well, laser treatment should work nicely. Several sessions might be necessary but they will mostly disappear.” Sherlock didn't comment on that. Instead, he got dressed again.
“Me, too. I really hope so. Your brother is supposed to be happy, too.”
John’s free hand let out the air from the plug and it made Sherlock keen. John moved up behind him and pulled him close still holding his cock. He also held his own and slowly pulled out the plug. It left his body with an obscene sound. John just dropped the thing and started to poke around his wide-open hole that clenched around nothing right now.
“What did you do in bed if I may ask?” Greg intervened. John blushed. Sherlock explained.
“And I will tell you everything about my meeting with Sherlock and John.”
“Yes, I know. But I don’t want you to get scared. I don’t want you to have nightmares because my approach is too wicked, too hard.”
Very slowly, the blanket was pulled down, and Sherlock turned his head to look at him. He looked totally confused. He also seemed to expect a scolding, that was the way he looked, Ian thought.
“Need a ride?” Mycroft asked and like any other morning Greg denied him.
“What happened between you two?” He asked curiously. Greg licked his lips.
“You are like a big cat, you know that?” He could feel him smile. It was amazing.
What if Lestrade found Mycroft ugly? Horrible? Too posh? A snob? Sherlock pulled a face. Lestrade actually was the opposite of his brother. Would they even fit?
“The common vampire hunts in the streets, doesn’t he?” Sherlock nodded.
“I am not going to leave you.” He looked up at him and once sobbed.
He was still doing these things but differently. And he looked at John for guidance rather often. John had several expressions for him. Mostly, he used
The doctor in John took over instantly. He moved over to him.
“No, this was just someone who wanted an appointment. An old client. But I can't tend to my business right now with you in the house. And it's perfectly fine. You don't have to worry.” And suddenly Sherlock understood.
“Forgive me, this is ridiculous.” He roughly whispered. He also didn’t look at Greg.
“Let's have something to eat. We can eat right here. I don't want him to wake up alone.”
“What did you bring?” Sherlock curiously asked.
Sherlock went so far as to buy a pair of jeans that sat very low on his slim hips. The hairline was visible and his perfectly modelled body was on display.
“Oh ...”
“Greg is a very good cook. Tell him you liked it. It will make him happy.” Sherlock said.
“It seems you enjoyed this…” He said.
Sherlock still was captured in the dark and now he became scared. He had to go on stage with his dom? Why did he do this to him? It was worse than every predicament he could have graced him with. He started to panic and wildly shook his head while he tried to beg but couldn't. He started to tear his wrists out of the ropes. And finally, he tried to get up.
John slapped his face. Hard. Twice. It woke him up and he stood straight and motionless again.
“He was behaving disgustingly, Mycroft. He was drunk and smelly. He hurt me and he was aggressive towards me. I defended myself. I had the right, hadn’t I?” Sherlock quietly asked after he had finished.
“I prepared these earlier. I hope you will like it.” Sherlock pointed at the bowls.
He was convinced that Sherlock Holmes would make it in time. He had texted him already being on his way back.
John cuffed his hands in the front and lifted his arms so Sherlock stood on his toes. A spreader-bar was hooked to both his ankles and the floor. The stuffed gag had been changed to a ball-gag. He pulled out the plug and Sherlock scrunched his eyes closed to avoid a noise. He knew that now his dom didn't want to hear him.
“It’s Sherlock, Master.”
“I threw everything overboard. I just dove into the experience and did what Sherlock asked for.”
“No, need warmth. Bathroom, Greg.” John murmured and Greg sat him on the toilet's lid. He rinsed the tub and started to fill it with hot water. Then he took the blankets away and saw his tormented body. The welts were dark red and some of them had been bleeding. He was also bruised. He lifted him into the water and put a towel beneath his head. Greg waited for Sherlock to return. He could hear him talk to Mrs Hudson and finally he came inside holding a mug. Greg stood and looked him up and down.
The man just gave up and left them. They saw him talk to another man and both of them looked over. Sherlock ignored them and instead watched the other guests.
“You may tell me what you want.”
“Would you like to take a shower before dinner? I can offer you a set of my comfies. They would be a bit on the short side but should fit around your slim body with the string? Warm socks perhaps?”
“Well, well, Mr Holmes. This looks very good.” He licked his lips and turned to the other man.
“I am either using the colours or signal you with my fingers.” He replied. Sherlock nodded.
“See? All fine.” Sherlock threw his slim body on the bed and spread his long legs. He looked like a porn star when he stretched out his arms and held on to the headrest.
John almost shot up. This feeling he remembered from when he had been Ian's submissive. He had started to give him pleasure after some time as a reward for good behaviour.
“I never heard of it; you know?” Slowly Sherlock shook his head.
“Chocolate pudding.” Sherlock murmured and John shook his head walking back into the kitchen.
“Good idea, from there we can reach Africa.” Sherlock looked from John to Greg and back.
Again, he checked his mobile. Still nothing. Of course, he would have heard it if there was a message. He stared at the display willing it to lighten up and tell him that John was OK. He wondered if he should ask Mycroft to check the CCTV. But he would only tell him he was over-reacting. It was only two hours. But it wasn’t like John not to tell him if he was late.
John shook his head and took the cool-bag from the back seat. He walked up to him and took his hand.
“Very well done, my dear. Keep me informed.” He hung up and turned to John and Greg.
“I used my authority and told them you were doing a job for me. You will be back tomorrow. Today you are mine.” Greg relaxed again and smiled up at him.
“Mr Holmes, Sir. What can I do for you?” She asked. He looked quite a bit helpless, she thought.
“You are the best!” John exclaimed and strongly hugged him.
“No, of course he didn't. He just spoke of dinner.”
John roughly pulled out and Sherlock's eyes turned back into his head. John hit him flat handed in the face and he used the hand he had just fucked him with. And there he was again. He turned him around and held his bony wrists with his dominant left hand. His right reached out for a rope still being knotted to the bed's frame. He once pulled and the knot gave way. John was a bondage Master. He grinned being very pleased with himself while he tied his slave's wrists tightly together. He wanted to make it hurt. He needed to see some blood.
Sherlock wondered what else he would dish up. Normally, he would use wicked nipple-clamps on him. But somehow, he didn't believe he would today, not so soon after what happened. And right he was. Instead, he brought a cupping set and enlarged his nipples. They grew quite a bit and Sherlock's eyes widened.
“I will adjust. I was just so overwhelmed with everything. But you must know I don’t feel bad.”
He quickly grabbed a bottle of wine before he finally left. Perhaps it was considered nice when he brought something to drink. Perhaps it would appease Gregory just a little bit.
“You should also know that the sex with a vampire is special. I suppose you have made your experiences with women so far? Vanilla?” John swallowed again and cleared this throat.
“I know all that. I should have known better, yes. But it happened and I can’t change it now. Sometimes he wants too much and I can’t cope with him.”
“Perfect!” John smiled and sat cross-legged on the sofa holding his drink. He watched Sherlock insert the DVD and come back to stand beside him. John pointed beside him and he sat down. He was still tense and John knew he had to do something about it. He finished his drink and leant against the armrest. Then he pulled Sherlock down and against his chest.
John snickered and disappeared into the bath.
“What if she starts to scream?” David asked and John pulled out a syringe.
“This was the most amazing blowjob I ever had. You are perfect, perfect for me.” John cupped his face and pressed a kiss on his mouth invading it with his tongue and tasting himself in there.
“Mycroft probably called in the favour.” John nodded.
Mycroft turned his head and looked at him.
“You would do that for me?” He looked surprised.
“Yes, I can. I have diplomatic number plates. Didn’t you see?” He raced on.
“Not yet.” He looked him into the eyes and Sherlock shook his head.
“I hereby deduce that you have been well-shagged, brother mine.” He did not grin.
His brother had done it. He had gone to Irene's. Sherlock swallowed but quickly typed a reply.
“Looking good, John.” He smirked and made John blush a little.
“We should talk to his brother. If he still feels a little something for his younger sibling, he might be of great assistance.” She finished her drink and he topped it up again pouring one for himself, as well.
“Isn’t it more a yellow?” He insisted and it took John a minute to answer him.
“Look at me.” Slowly he looked up and their eyes met again. His cheeks were flushed but he kept the eye contact. John’s ice-blue eyes pierced into his brain and made him shiver. They also made him hard. A low moan erupted.
“This is … You are … Oh, God … I never thought …” John reached out for him and fisted into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock started to move faster and John moved with him. Every push made his cock move over John’s prostate and soon John raked his nails over Sherlock’s back. He would also leave bruises on his hips and cheeks.
“There is something you want to tell me but don’t know the right words yet. Just speak to me, John. Otherwise, it will drive me crazy.” Sherlock looked at him. John exhaled.
Sherlock analysed their fuckfest and found nothing weird. John had been very pleased and he got fucked into the mattress. John was happy. He was able to see that. He had praised him by letting him come without any games. That was special.
He released his cock but held it by the base. He licked his balls and sucked them into his mouth.
Together.
Sherlock made him come and he spilt over his hand and a bit over his shirt, too. He quietly groaned and Sherlock took off the blindfold. John blindly stared up into nothing. Sherlock looked at him and licked over his lips.
“Wank until you come. Only then I will text you the place where you can pick up John. If you fail the flood will take him.” Moriarty really did surprise him. He looked unblinkingly into the web-cam.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes. His grip tightened.
He felt awful. Not because of the drug that had hit him but because of Sherlock. Dr Watson had taken Sherlock and now he would hurt him, take revenge, and make him his slave again. Would they be able to find him?
“I have found several leaks and two traitors. I wrote it down for you.” He pointed to a notebook. John was shocked and it showed.
“I will check your supplies and see to a freshly cooked dinner. Please, show me your kitchen. Ian.” He eagerly followed him through the flat while John found his way into the living room where he poured a drink.
“Really? Just a short nap, I promise. Then a walk and dinner.” He quietly said.
“What are you asking for? Tell me, so I can help you.” John locked eyes with him.
“Listen, Sherlock.” Greg started to talk now.
“Amazing! Wonderful! Simply perfect!” He smiled and kissed him gently.
“Are you happy?” Greg quietly asked sitting on the bed. Sherlock became serious again.
“And now?” He smiled.
“Of course, I have added something for your bladder and tummy, so it will be easier for you to let go.” Sherlock shook his head but didn't look up.
“We could try. It sounds good to me. I don't know what could happen to us. And I am rather sure Mycroft would like it. At least he will like the idea behind it. Greg wouldn't feel like being watched during dinner. It's nice when everybody has something. And less weird.”
“You could devour me?” Sherlock innocently looked at him.
“You certainly are not going to see a hairdresser alone. Give me a second and I will call someone.” Sherlock nodded and sat down. He patiently waited. He had learnt to do that. The moment he realised he stood up and starting to pace. He wasn't actually listening to what his brother said.
Suddenly the door opened and his dom appeared.
“Good morning, sunshine! Time to get fed. You need it to get your strength back.” Ian got closer but John just glared at him.
“This will suffice until hospital.” She stood again and Sherlock’s head shot up.
“Later.” Sherlock nodded and stood to brew more coffee.
“I haven’t done this in ages. The feelings I have, they do overwhelm me right now.”
“Get out!” He barked and very slowly his sub crawled outside. He placed the collar on the rack and lifted up his hair.
Sherlock shed his jacket and rolled up his sleeves. John always wondered how he managed to make both arms look exactly the same. But this was Sherlock so why even ask?
John also hoped he would find something for dinner because he really was hungry. He dressed in jeans and a jumper when his mobile rang. He quickly picked it up and found it was Greg who called.
“I like the cheeky you, Gregory.” He reached around his neck and unbuckled the collar.
“If it’s gone already, what do I care? Send the locals out to look for it and find it. I can’t do anything right now.” He wanted to close the door but Greg placed his foot between door and frame.
John though couldn't imagine Sherlock enjoying a roller-coaster ride or taking a picture with a Stormtrooper.
“I won't leave you alone.” Mycroft said. And he actually didn't want to go after Gregory, did he?
“I can see it, John. Don’t get a stroke, please.” John’s hand jerked away.
Sherlock was a vampire and he wanted him. He wanted him to be his mate. Then there was a break in his mind.
“Thanks a lot. I really appreciate your considerateness in this matter.”
Very carefully Sherlock pushed and moved until he had breached him. He heard him hiss and he stopped.
The pain was crucial and Sherlock’s vision was getting worse. He felt dizzy and a bit sick but he took it. He needed to endure because otherwise he would be sent back into the stainless-steel room. He grounded his teeth and clenched around him.
Finally, he let go and licked his lips looking at Sherlock’s mouth. It was wet with saliva and pre-cum. His lips were dark red and a bit swollen. He grabbed him and turned him around. He pushed him down on the armchair and opened his jeans pulling them down. He was naked beneath them and he grinned. This was perfect!
And suddenly he remembered having had that horrible nightmare. He hadn’t had such a terrible dream for ages. What had triggered it?
“I am insane. I killed two people and now I am crying because I hurt my lover? God …” He buried his face into his hands and worked through the pain.
“I believe you need to drill this one. It is too heavy for just two nails.”
„He does?“ John was surprised. Surprised and shocked.
“I understood he was only worried but it took me time. He is worried a lot. He wants me to eat and sleep regularly.” Sherlock smiled looking into his tumbler.
“Well, first of all, I want to know if you are back home already. How is your leg? Everything alright?”
His old room had been changed into a torture chamber, that was what Sherlock called it inside his head. John called it his playroom. It had several pieces of bondage furniture, a big cross, hooks in the wall, and ceiling, and hardwood.
He went into the kitchen and opened the fridge. He got one of the meals Sherlock had cooked in advance and put it into the microwave. It tasted great; his sub was a damn good cook. He finished it and put the plate and such into the dishwasher. He opened a bottle of red wine and started a fire. He sat on the sofa with his legs pulled under.
John was very pleased when he saw him eat more than he had taken first. They sipped the wine and it was quiet between them. But it didn't feel bad.
John exhaled and lowered his head staring at Sherlock’s large hand.
“Well, this isn't easy.” She said and he just raised a brow. She put the tumbler on the table in front of her and pulled the DVD out of her purse.
Sherlock was still wide and he quickly stuck in his behind. But now he rubbed over his prostate with every single move. He also stroked his cock very gently. Sherlock shook and groaned. Pleasure overwhelmed him. This was horrible, even more horrible than the things before. This was embarrassing, he felt ashamed and he hated it.
Finally, his dom came into him and pulled out while doing so. He got on the bed and grabbed Sherlock’s head. He ripped off the gag and pushed his cock into his mouth. Sherlock choked and couldn't breathe. He face-fucked him for minutes. Actually, he face-fucked him until he lost his consciousness.
“You are hungry. To celebrate our new relationship, I invite you to dinner. Would Italian be suitable?”
“I’ll make it better. After we are done, I’ll get you something nice.” Sherlock muttered something nasty but nodded.
“What do you think?” John liked it, he really did, but when he had a closer look at the price-tag he swallowed. Sherlock saw this and gently touched him.
Outside Sherlock looked at the door and tilted his head. John really had
“The ball-gag, Captain.” John raised a brow and once smacked his cock.
“Do not do this again or you will lose him.” Greg said before he left and closed the door. John slumped in his chair and closed his eyes.
“Tell me. Who showed you? Who taught you how to do this?” John quietly asked.
“The feelings you had when you pushed him against the wall. He will understand.”
“Very well. Now kneel again and look at me. Listen carefully.” Sherlock carefully lowered his body in front of his dom and looked up. Their eyes met.
“Yes, I went downstairs to have dinner with Mrs H. I thought you wanted to be alone. You said you weren’t hungry.” John even sounded a bit helpless.
“Did something happen to John?” He asked at first, probably because Sherlock was crying. But he shook his head.
When Sherlock woke, he shot up and panted. He wildly looked around. Then his eyes met his dom's who just glared at him. He gingerly touched his hair and it was dry. He lifted his arms and his wrists weren't bruised or even sore. He swallowed. He could still taste his dom inside.
“I’ll show them pompous…” He muttered and his protection detail raised a brow. Greg was pleased and threw his darts when it was his turn. He was rather talented but not as good as the two men.
“I am not going into hospital!” Sherlock loudly exclaimed pulling his injured hand back and pressing it against his chest. More blood was staining his shirt.
“Really?” John grinned.
“I know, honey. So?” Sherlock rubbed his thumb and forefinger together and a little flame burnt between them. John watched fascinated.
Sherlock wasn’t easily surprised but now he was. He wasn’t hurt though. He knew John would never hurt him. He stayed put for a few more seconds and thought about what happened. Then he slowly got up and walked over to him.
“This is healing very good. It won't go away but won't do any harm. Let me see your back.” Sherlock turned and felt his tender hands move over his scars.
“Up!” Sherlock very carefully moved into a kneeling position but it hurt anyway. He tried to focus on the pain and simply held on to it. But it was difficult. What was his dom up to? What did he want?
“Can I keep this?” He slung it around his arms and shoulders and Mycroft found it extremely sexy. He wouldn't say so, of course.
“You are so beautiful like this, my lovely. So obedient and wonderful.” He gently praised him and felt his body relax. He swayed on his folded legs.
“Oh God, John, please don’t torture me like this. Please, please kiss me.” And then John pressed his lips on Sherlock’s and kissed him.
“Hello again, Captain!” John got up on his legs and faced him.
“And you have been there already.” John smiled.
“Shut the fuck up, Myc.” He turned around and looked at him. He looked shell-shocked. He wasn't used being spoken to like this. Greg realised it in this instant and smiled at him.
“Would you still like to be mine?” John asked making Sherlock look up again.
“No, not at all. He surely knows what he wants and what he is doing. But no more.” They looked at each other.
“Yes, Master. John.” John laughed and leant against his desk.
He quickly moved on his side and grounded his teeth. But he felt good and he slept without being disturbed by nightmares.
“As long as your security does not watch from under our bed?” Greg smiled and Mycroft shook his head.
“Mrs Hudson, thank you.” They parted and now she looked at Lestrade.
“Hey!” He cheerily called out and when Sherlock recognised his voice, he carefully rolled on his other side.
Back at Baker Street Sherlock had assumed position in front of his dom.
“You could just watch the other guests trying to solve it. Just hold back and watch.” John shrugged.
“Please!” She said no more and he sighed looking into the tumbler.
“And now you sleep. Get under the blanket and sleep.” John ordered quietly. Sherlock was gone in a second.
“God, yes. I love him.”
“Please, don’t mention it. What can I do to make you understand that it has been way too much? You wouldn’t even come for coffee and cake. I can bake a cake for you…” Roger’s voice faded away when Greg slowly moved closer. By now, he had more control and felt better on the horse, too.
“Have a drink, for once. And you could deduce people. It might be fun, you know?”
“You are still so good...” Ian laughed and shook his head.
“Never mind.” Right then, breakfast arrived and they dug in.
“You would go on holiday with me, Sherlock?”
“Well, OK. I can do that.”
His mind had wandered away without him and his fork hovered over the meat. Beads of sweat ran over his forehead and he became clammy.
“Sh’lock, what?” John was halfway up and still clung to Sherlock’s arm like a vice. Very carefully Sherlock pulled him a bit closer and placed him against his chest.
“Open your mouth, slut.” John was aroused like fuck and did as being told. The gag was buckled tight behind his head and he moaned deeply.
“Yes, Master.” John gestured for him to get up and turn around. He opened the cuffs and Sherlock disappeared into the bath. He drank some more under the shower and arranged his hair. He also brushed his teeth again.
“These are our suits for tonight, John. Don’t act foolish because you are not.” Sherlock smiled.
“I promise you that.” Greg smiled and it relaxed Sherlock.
John smiled.
“I have something for you. A present. I thought again about the collar and the meaning behind it. The collar isn't something you can wear in your daily life. You already agreed to wear it during our play. That's why I got you something else. Here, mate.” He handed John a little box and John took it. He opened it and found a pair of dog-tags. He pulled them out and found both Sherlock’s and his own name engraved on the silver. It also said
“John? What’s up? What happened?” He had pitched his voice low because it soothed John and he knew he liked it. John turned around and looked up at him. He looked both sad and angry.
“But you have the most wonderful hair, Mr Holmes!” The Italian hair-stylist touched it all the time, placed it this and that way and brushed it out evenly.
John had listened to all this while pressing his legs around Sherlock. He had wondered already how many times he might have raped his lovely slut? The submissive who loved him so much that he did all these things? He tried to hide his thoughts and it seemed to work because Sherlock began talking again.
And Sherlock needed a happy John.
“Sh'lock?”
“You will follow his orders, baby-bitch.” John said and Sherlock nodded his head. The man still was bare-chested but now fully turned on him.
“You OK?” He asked worriedly.
He moved his flat palm over his arse. He knew Sherlock didn't need to be prepared. He was getting fucked too regularly. He parted his cheeks and pushed. The man beneath him groaned quietly and started to move.
He returned to Greg who had stayed behind. They looked at each other and Greg tilted his head gesturing upstairs.
“I know that, John. You know I trust you and I know you won’t ever harm me. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have agreed to this escape challenge.” John gently touched his face and then kissed him.
“Not if both parties agree to do so.” John roughly whispered and moved up a bit.
“That must be our car.” He picked up the bags and dashed downstairs.
“And what do you think will happen then?” Mycroft asked.
John was very pleased with himself.
“Yes, Master. Always.” Sherlock softly replied and John nodded very pleased.
“Look at it all and tell me what you like. I have already checked through them during the cab ride and I want to compare our opinions.” He leant back into the sofa holding his glass of wine. He watched John while he looked at everything. It took him about one hour in which Sherlock finished off the bottle of wine and also smoked several cigarettes by the open window.
Greg answered right away. He was back in the office and had paperwork to do. He was actually happy about the interruption Sherlock provided. He was also shocked after having listened to him.
“Yes, absolutely. She was a domme and explained everything to me. Soon we found out that I could be a dom too. But she denied me the experience. Instead, she wanted me to read about it and turn older. Only then she would show me stuff.” Now Greg sighed.
“What’s wrong with it? I told it to eat more. It isn’t strong enough. This needs to change.” He moved him to the far end of the stable and made him lean against the wall. He took a hose and washed him. The water was cold and Sherlock shivered and shuddered until he was clean again.
Sometime later they turned around and walked back. Mycroft actually felt relaxed and fresh. A bit cold, too.
“Yes?” Sherlock wondered what was coming up. He dreaded new changes. They were exhausting. But he owed his brother so much.
“Gregory, are you OK?” The cool voice asked.
“Never mind. I allowed you to do as you like. And if it makes you feel better and ease the way you work, I don't mind.”
On Sunday morning, Greg slowly woke because he heard some typing noises from afar. At first, he couldn’t really remember where he was and wondered if he had fallen asleep in his office.
“How could I ever forget?” Greg whispered binning the rubbish and storing the first-aid kit away.
“Jesus, no! You might fly us right into a wall. You are drunk, Sherlock. Don't drink and fly!” Now Sherlock giggled. John had never heard that noise but he loved it at once.
“I promise to be more patient in the future.” Sherlock looked directly into his eyes.
John let him and didn't talk to him. He rode into London and Sherlock recognised all the places. He swallowed but managed his emotions. Some memories came back to him. Memories of his past when he was living in the streets. Faces popped up inside his mind. Places appeared before his eyes. And in the background, there was one special face. He knew he was family but couldn't really place him just now. He had been close, very close.
Beforehand they had argued about the Christmas Tree. Sherlock hadn’t been happy about finding one inside his living room. But he understood that John liked it. Perhaps he even needed it.
“Please be careful!” Sherlock looked at John's hand resting gently on his arm. It felt good. He smiled.
Back out, he neatly hung up his suit while being watched by Greg. He wasn’t actually watching; he was ogling him. His eyes moved over his entire body clad in jeans and sweater. Now he added the walking boots.
"This is Sherlock. John needs you to come here and help. He has been shot and is unconscious. He asked me to call you. You would know what to do.” Then he was able to hear some very inventive swearing.
Greg texted back shaking his head about the fact that John had started to sign his texts with his initials as well.
Several times other people had tried to talk to him. For instance, the Lady on his other side or the man opposite of him. But both times Sherlock had intervened. The first time he had pushed over the man’s glass and profoundly apologised. John had just closed his eyes.
Suddenly someone cleared his throat and Sherlock looked over Greg’s shoulder.
“I am happy for you. I really am, brother-mine.” He loaded some more food on his plate and ate. Mycroft was surprised. Sherlock was eating a lot.
“He sure did.” He muttered.
Sherlock looked up at John who just stared at him. He swallowed. John showed no emotion and Sherlock became a bit cold.
“What?” He held him a bit apart. John had goose-skin all over his body.
“Yeah, well…” Greg snorted and Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
“There you are, Sherly. You look stricken. This will be so good!”
John hummed his approval and slung his arms around him.
“Stop, Lestrade. John has been here.” He pulled a branch closer and both Greg and Sherlock had a closer look. Stuck to the tree were a bunch of blond, short hair, and blood. The ground was stomped on and several twigs were twisted or broken off.
“You still do look for a flatshare, John, don’t you?” Mike said.
“I am sorry, John. I didn’t mean to be angry with you. I do hope the cream will help. Let me know, please. I made coffee.” He pointed at the mug sitting on the coffee table.
, Gregory. I bought them just lately.” He sounded quite a bit stressed already. Greg swallowed.
“Yes, my lovely sex-slave, I know you love this one, don't you?” John cruelly laughed. He would bloody show him where he belonged and what a 24/7 thing meant. He would learn to love it, to crave everything he dished out.
“Oh, God!” He had never done this, never made anyone do this for him. Not even Sherlock. And now Sherlock licked over his hole making John shake and tremble. Sherlock soaked his hole and poked with his tongue until he was able to push it inside. And he started to lick John’s insides.
“What do you know, John?” Greg looked over his shoulder at what Sherlock was doing but he was still talking to Dr Marlov.
But it felt so nice. He didn’t want it to stop. He didn’t want him to stop. Then he felt the blanket being pulled down. What the fuck? John thought but stayed put. And only when he felt it twitch elsewhere, he spoke into the pillow.
He slowly shook his head and didn't reply to any of the two texts.
“He did, didn’t he?” Then there was thoughtful silence until Sherlock stood and ate the rest of the scrambled eggs.
“You care for him.” They looked at each other.
“Dinner will be ready in half an hour. Why don't you get dressed?” Sherlock stood again and walked back upstairs.
“Are you talking House of Lords?” He whispered.
“Rogers, Luke Rogers. Your head of protection. We talked.” Mycroft kept looking and Greg wondered if he didn’t like him to fraternise with his protection detail.
“I think I will take a bath.”
“You ghastly beast!” Both men grinned and left Baker Street. They rode the tube and Sherlock didn’t even complain. They left one stop early and walked the rest. Sherlock had enabled CCTV on their route and they were free to move. In front of her former office Sherlock handed over the spray to John and took the bag in return. He waited outside and watched John knock.
“What do you mean? You will spend a delightful evening and then smear some cream on top of Lestrade having the fun.” Sherlock replied seriously.
“My bedroom?” Sherlock dared to ask.
“Welcome, Dr Watson. Please, have a seat.” Mycroft even stood and led him over to two armchairs. Everything had been already set up, so there was a plate with sandwiches and biscuits as well as coffee and tea.
Sherlock didn’t even protest. He was focused on John’s cock and licked his lips.
Sherlock swallowed. He was desperate. What John did to him wasn’t much until now but his sheer presence there in front of him, ruling over him, was quite enough to make him yearn.
“Where do you plan to stay?” John asked trying to tell Greg without words.
“Your head will explode if you keep screaming and yelling like this!” Dr Marlov became loud, too.
“John has to react to the threat. He needs to do a clean-up or he will lose everything. But he doesn't want you into the line of fire. He wants you safe. That's why you are coming with me. I will take care of you. Do you understand?”
“You still look rather pissed, mate.” John said leaning casually against the table. Greg looked up and swallowed down something.
“John, next time you just knock on my door and come to me. It’s fine. You are my mate.”
“Good morning! You worried me a bit when I couldn't find you.” Greg leant against the counter and sipped his coffee. Then his eyes moved over the bag Sherlock was holding.
“When?”
John woke because soft hair tickled his nose. He opened his eyes and found his new submissive close by. He liked that a lot and pulled the taller body close. He mumbled something in his sleep but didn’t wake. John looked at him.
“Not tonight perhaps. They might be busy indeed. Let’s text them tomorrow and get busy ourselves.” Sherlock straightened up.
He was allowed to move freely inside the house. He was given tasks in the lab.
“Who is Barbie?” John knew this would be complicated.
His hand shook when he finally pulled it out of the box. He couldn’t close it and Sherlock had to help.
“No wonder you smell that delicious.” Sherlock whispered into his ear.
“Oh…” Sherlock seemed to understand. “Do you think I need to call my brother again?” He already reached for his mobile.
“That's what I want you to find out. Could you please go and talk to Ian?”
John placed his palm on his lower back again and led him into a group of people. Sherlock just stood there and sipped his cum out of the glass being watched by these men and women. He looked a bit sweaty but somehow also as immaculate as ever, even though his dress-shirt clung to his back and the blood slowly dried. He was in control of his body.
“Don’t worry, John. I’ll keep myself busy and won’t disturb your work.” He was all excited and carried his absurdly expensive weekender.
“You also seem quite relaxed and confident.” Now he slowly nodded.
John needed a while until he could have another go but he would give him something else that had been on the list.
“At first we will set up camp. We will meet my team and plan the attack.” Mycroft said.
“I have been married for years until my wife cheated on me. She was bored because I spent too much time at the office and with Sherlock.”
“I don’t think I can do that to him! I love him! I want to make love to him!” John interrupted him. He was shocked.
“But if you want to do any of that or anything else, I will be there with you. If you want to parachute, we will parachute. If you want to go to the cinema, we will watch a film. Whatever, John, just tell me.”
“You know, I never submitted easily to anyone. I always enjoyed sometime later but it never went that quick. It took good work and lots of time. Many partners, doms, weren’t inclined to invest that in a crippled sub. But with you it was different from the second one. And now that I know how you are as a dom, I will never leave your side.” Sherlock blushed a deep red and only stared at John. Then he cleared his throat. And then he cried.
“Brother-dear, you look well shagged!” An amused grin showed on his face.
“Don't mention it, Mycroft. Call me any time if needed.” He took his bag and left. Security let him out.
“Yes, please?”
Sherlock spread his long legs and leant against the headrest. His eyes were closed while his fingers massaged John’s scalp.
“I promise to stay here, Myc.” Greg said and kissed his palm now. John nodded.
“Sure thing, here you go.” Greg handed these over and looked at him climbing into it. Then he grinned and tilted his head.
Sherlock assured him that he missed his brother and their private meetings. Mycroft made him promise to be nice to Dr Watson because he deserved respect and so much more.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson will be staying with me.” Sherlock said and only then he turned to look directly at her.
He pushed him into his lower back and walked him into the bedroom. He pointed towards the bed and Sherlock sat down. John knelt behind him. He put a hat over his locks and knotted it under his chin.
Of course, John knew by then what worked best to make him come. John worked him up and then held him back. Sherlock knew what was expected.
“Oh, and from now on I am
Steps were heard and noises were made. Someone moved around the table but not behind them, opposite of them. Sherlock felt the urge to get up but John held him back by placing his palm on his upper thigh. He tensed and pulled the napkin closer.
Mycroft cleared his throat.
Several pairs of eyes followed them when they entered the dining room. There were several interesting couples and people. Everybody seemed to be rather rich or famous or perhaps even royal. There were also several men and women in uniform and John straightened up and saluted when needed.
“Are you hurt? Let me see!” He said shoving up Sherlock’s shirt. There was goose skin on his arm when John touched him.
“There is something you are thinking about. Tell me, please. I want no more unsolved issues between us.” Mycroft just said.
He washed his hands with hot water and then took a wash-cloth soaking it. He gently placed it over his penis to soak the crusted blood and gore around the slit. He finally reached for the penis-plug and carefully pulled. Sherlock hissed and grounded his teeth.
“It’s not my money. It’s yours.” Sherlock shook his head.
“Be a good baby-bitch and let go.” Sherlock felt hot and when he did let go, it was just awful. Soon after the urge to void was becoming stronger and stronger. John pressed and rubbed on his stomach and soon he had to empty his bowels. The diaper was full and Sherlock was humiliated to no end.
“It's Mycroft Holmes speaking. I would like to talk to Raven, please.” He listened for a second.
The next date was with another woman and right before John wanted to leave, Sherlock donned his coat and scarf. John looked at him pocketing his wallet and mobile.
“I ate a few biscuits but my darling brother took some home and only left the one.” Sherlock pouted.
Sherlock let out a fierce scream and bit his lips bloody. John didn't mind as long as he wasn't moving around. He wiped the bit of blood off and Sherlock hissed out.
“Because I am packing, love. I am leaving for Dublin later. I have told you, remember?” Sherlock shot up.
“He likes men, John. How couldn't you know?”
“And he does the most wonderful things with blood. You will be surprised. Myc?” He nodded and they walked into the kitchen where John got busy preparing bloody drinks. He placed a warm one with cinnamon in front of Bela who curiously watched him. He looked at Mycroft for confirmation who made an inviting gesture and was handed his own from John. Only then he carefully drank.
Now and again he looked at John and grinned.
Sherlock was caught in the dark and wondered what was going on.
“He made it?” He sounded interested and let go of his umbrella. Sherlock held it up for his brother to see.
Sherlock was grabbing the metal railings piece after piece. He was careful, John could see it. He climbed the very last metres and then he was as close to the corpse as possible. He stopped and single-handedly took some photos with his mobile. Then he somehow managed to get into gloves.
“I am sorry, Master, but I need to come. It hurts. Please? I need to come. Master, please?” Sherlock almost came when he heard this, but he held himself back by pure force of will.
He raked his fingernails over John’s skin making him groan. He left some scratches and smaller welts in the process. The noises John made were fantastic and Sherlock’s dark blood pumped through his veins. He became hard again. He played with John’s nipples when his mobile dinged. John didn’t even react.
“Are we talking about Sebastian who lives on the mantle? The so-called dom I know absolutely nothing about?” He asked and John just nodded.
Very carefully, he pulled out but Sherlock groaned anyway.
They stared into each other’s eyes and Greg fumbled with his trousers. Mycroft shimmied them down and stepped out of them. He wore silk boxers and his long and elegant fingers opened Greg’s trousers in seconds. Soon they were both stark naked and stood in front of the bed. They kept staring for a while until Greg reached out. His face bore a huge smile and when their bodies were slotted together both men groaned into each other’s skin.
Suddenly it started and it wasn't a paddle. He could have borne the paddle; even the flogger. But this was a bull-whip that crashed down on his back and he screamed. The pain was extreme and he got whipped without a break.
“Hush, you need to rest. You are hurt and almost drowned. Please, don’t get up.” John quietly spoke to him and took his hand again.
“One jumper.”
“No, don't.” But Sherlock pulled his arm free.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked and Greg was curious, too. It couldn't be good.
“OK. Tomorrow it is.” He pulled Sherlock close and felt his skin.
dead?” Greg roughly asked.
“I think you two are needing this.” John thanked him and offered dinner.
John’s cheeks were red and his eyes were bright blue. They stared into each other’s eyes and a small smile came up on Sherlock’s face.
A while later Greg cleaned the table and Mycroft showed his brother the things Greg had brought. They were already upstairs and inside his new room. Sherlock opened the cardboard box and slowly picked up his framed bat. He held it with both hands and stared at it. Suddenly tears fell down and he sobbed.
“You don’t want to … I mean …” Then he just shook his head.
. Actually, she had been the one who had started this. He had been curious after he had finished her case. He had asked John if he would like to try it and he had quickly agreed. Too quickly. But Sherlock hadn't been suspicious.
“Well, I certainly feel like I am neglecting them.” They looked at each other. Sherlock shrugged.
“Ian said you know how to do this. I will be right outside in case you need my help.” Sherlock said.
Ian could see he wanted to ask something but he waited him out. Instead, he drank his tea. It took him a few more minutes to feel content enough to speak up.
“Where is John?”
“And he put your cock into a vice.” Unconsciously John touched his crotch.
“No, he can't be seen in such a place. His position with the British government does not allow that.” Ian raised a brow. There was a powerful brother in the mix. He could be helpful in the process.
“You have done enough already.” Mycroft stood behind him leading his brother out who had a towel over both his bony shoulders and hips.
Greg and Mycroft were sitting on the sofa while Sherlock was sitting in his armchair. He looked at them.
“It was supposed to remind me of him and what I was.” Greg had a lot to do to keep his calm but he went on.
“Yes. This is my home.” He replied looking at them.
“Where is she going?” Sherlock shrugged.
“I see.” John murmured patting his thigh.
“Everything for my Captain…” John felt warmth creeping up and he returned the smile.
“You are so tight, Gregory. I had no idea.” Mycroft kept finger-fucking him until he was almost limp beneath him. When he removed his fingers, Greg yelled his protest.
“Wiggle your fingers if you are feeling well.” Sergej had his hand on his head. He watched the long fingers wiggle slowly and he smiled.
“I see. Some more hours. Prepare properly. Get Mike from security as your body-guard. Do not go alone, do you hear me?” He listened again.
“Are you telling me, you want him dead?” Dr Kim asked. They locked eyes.
Sherlock carefully opened the box and then his eyes widened. It was a very expensive item for his lab. He looked up at him and swallowed.
“We have been at university together. He was pulled into that secret business very early and he clearly enjoyed it. I never wanted such things. But I was happy for him. Finally, he was happy.”
He finished by slapping his behind once.
“Then we need to go shopping. Do you want to come along again?” John got out of bed.
“Do you trust me?” The most important question asked again and John swallowed.
He could do this.
“John!” He yelled down to alert him, to let him know he was here to help him. He shed his coat and shoes but kept his pocket knife in his trousers. Then he climbed over the wall and threw himself into the water. The water had reached John’s neck and Sherlock dove to cut the ropes. The water was extremely cold and he couldn’t see a thing. He stuck the torch between his teeth and cut through the ropes. He underestimated the current though and lost the torch halfway through. He swore but felt for John’s wrists and kept cutting. John pulled like a maniac and Sherlock finally managed to cut through it.
“I also never watched a film like this.” He hooked his finger behind the collar and pulled him closer kissing him. John hummed and when Sherlock let go again, he licked his lips asking:
“I hope you weren't bored while I was gone?” He asked sipping.
“I grant you a wish. Whatever you want, I’ll give it to you.” Sherlock just looked at him. He hadn’t expected this. What should he wish for? Everything he wanted was right in front of him. And he told him exactly that.
The computer fell off his lap and Sherlock unconsciously moved on his back with John close.
“Sherlock, have you ever even bathed?”
“No! Please, no!” John grabbed his prick.
Sherlock didn't quite know where to put his hands in this situation. John sensed it and positioned himself against the taller body. His head ended up beneath his shoulder and his face was pressed against his naked chest. He sighed and his hot breath ghosted over Sherlock’s skin. His arm was around the muscled body by default now and he very slowly relaxed. He moved a bit and with the warmth of the other body against him, he fell asleep.
“I'll leave now. I'll call you when I have returned to the Yard, OK?” Greg had brought his shoulder-bag and stored the folder into it.
He completely relaxed and smiled. It was an open and honest smile and therefore a rare sight, even for John.
“Admit it, Greg. You are curious.”
“Please, Sir, let me come! Please, I need your reward!” John let him come and Sherlock felt so good after such a long time. But then John didn't even stop, instead he kept going.
“May I use your bathroom?” He asked and John just nodded.
“Sherlock?” He whispered and went down on his knees reaching out already.
“Yes, I was rather excited about it even though I never tried these things. I am only a bit worried about getting hurt in the process. I am actually afraid of being collared and chained to a wall, not allowed going anywhere, back to my job, my daily life. I don't want that.”
John kept kissing and groping and he felt Sherlock’s arousal press against his own. He leant back and took his thin wrist. Sherlock looked dazed but still he raised a questioning brow.
“When everything is back to normal again, would you like to have dinner with me?” He asked hopefully and a broad smile came up on Greg's face.
“Oh, absolutely.” John placed a bowl with leftover pasta in front of Sherlock who dug in.
“Our actual plan was torturing you in a sexual way and sending the video to Moriarty. But Sherlock and John left early.”
“Be careful what you wish for, John.” John started to giggle and soon Sherlock joined him. Sherlock reached out for the water and emptied the bottle.
“I will let him know what I think about it.” Sherlock hissed and quickly rolled out of bed. Naked and erect he walked up to the door and John sharply inhaled covering himself with the blanket.
Greg told John what had happened as far as he knew and John worriedly looked at Sherlock.
“No, let’s get the rooms. It will be just fine. We will survive one night.” He smiled a very tired smile and stood. John had been told already where the rooms were and led the way. There was a connecting door and Sherlock just dropped his coat, got off his shoes and climbed into bed. John tried to stop him.
“He feared you would hurt that woman, Moran’s sister.” Mycroft shrugged.
His free hand lifted up the fabric of his dress and reached between his legs. Sherlock's breath hitched and he twisted in his grip. A large hand grabbed his cock and testicles at once and squeezed hard. Sherlock yelled out in pain while the man locked eyes with him. The order behind was quite clear and Sherlock stopped fidgeting.
Sherlock got out his magnifying glass and moved around the body. He had donned gloves and lifted several parts of his body. John had gloves on, too, and helped to turn the body when Sherlock needed it. Lestrade watched closely from the side.
“Come on now. Let's find that bed and settle.” But Mycroft shook his head.
“But yes, my beautiful bitch! I wanted to do this for a very long time and now the time has come! You should be thanking me for enhancing your beauty! And when I finally will show you off, everybody will be in awe!” He disinfected his right nipple and Sherlock twisted his neck to see what he was doing.
“I’ll never let you go …” Sherlock sighed and a faint blush had crept over his cheekbones.
Sherlock slept through the night without waking. He still didn't sleep long though but he didn't mind as long as he felt good when he woke.
“You are right, of course.” John sighed and waved the papers around.
“Very good, brother-dear.” He looked approvingly at him and then continued.
John shook his head and slowly got out of bed. He was achingly hard but sauntered over to the bar to pour another whiskey.
He was still staring at the envelope while sucking one finger after the other. John wished for him to suck something else.
“It's not that they live in the woods. They have nice homes, too.” He scrolled down his contacts and then chose a contact. He listened to the dialling tone.
“Yeah, he told me about his inflamed cock. He is suspicious that it was you but he actually is simply happy that he finally gets to be with you. You don’t have to worry but it wouldn’t hurt to do something nice for him, you know?”
