Not that he knew enough about Stark to make that distinction. The others did, or at least claimed to – Sam often found himself wondering how much time any of them besides Colonel Rhodes and perhaps Doctor Banner actually spent with Tony, other than for a new upgrade for their equipment. He himself could not claim for much interaction besides that and the missions both of them participated in – and those weren't much. Other than some distant respect for the feats Stark committed in the past, Sam had no stronger feelings about the man.
was used, he filed the reaction and kept talking -  allowed Sam and Natasha to reach the leader and take out the power source they were using. After that Thor and the Hulk were quick to pick any stray soldier and take the rest of them down. They thought they had all of them but…
Recognizing Tony's distress, Steve smiled calmly and raised his hand to stroke along his jaw and down his neck, disrupting the bristles of facial hair that would soon be gone. "You will look so beautiful, Tony," he encouraged softly, his thumb brushing his lower lips as he leaned in, holding Tony's head still between his fingers without an effort. "Don't worry about anything, all you have to do is stay still."
Despite knowing that what Steve said could not be true, there was a part in his mind nagging him with memories of idolizing the super soldier, of flirting and playing along on jokes and jabs by the team about them. Getting amused and a perhaps a little happy when cheap tabloids insinuated there was more to their friendship than met the eye. And yet… from that to murderous rape was a long way, wasn't there?
He knew Tony and Banner were close and spent plenty of time talking and understanding the scientific talk Steve could ever only grasp at bits of - researching for context only when it was too late to interject into a conversation, they spent time together in the lab, referred to each other with exclusive nicknames…
"How long have you and captain America been dating?"
Soon, he let loose the sounds and pleads that pooled in his throat, he let himself get lost in the pictures he conjured for himself, of youthful fantasies and experimentation, when whoever did the touching did not really matter – just until the point where it did.
A shriek so high left Tony's mouth as he woke up in the bed that used to belong to his parents - he managed to scare the night nurse, who fled from the room immediately. Presumably to recruit a demon exterminator to exorcise him. He inhaled and exhaled rapidly, looking around him to assure himself that he was, in fact, safe. It was hard in that room, with the portraits of his parents looking down at him from the walls. Rhodey chose the room because it was large and had space to accommodate all the necessary medical equipment, at the time he didn't think about the nature of Tony's relationship with his parents, it wasn't relevant as long as he was in a life-threatening situation, but now… all he wanted was to be out of there. Not to feel his father's painted eyes, harsh and full of judgment even in paint stare at him.
Bruce flinched at the reaction and hurried to get a syringe to give Tony some relief, if not put him back to sleep. Steve watched his every move in a most predatory manner and it made him a little anxious despite himself, seeing how Steve squinted his eyes when Bruce injected Tony with the meds, it made him think of an animal protecting territory.
When he arrived, he was welcomed with a smile and an apology – Mr. Barnes was already having a visitor, and they preferred letting him rest afterwards, as those visits took a lot of his mental energy reserves.
Steve remembered what an asthma attack felt like, and this looked too familiar to just dismiss out of hand. He wondered if Asthma powder like what he would have used in the past was something he could get at a pharmacy; he wasn't very knowledgeable about medicinal advancements since the serum. He made up his mind to try getting some, at least make it easier for Tony until such time that he either healed or succumbed to his ailment -Either way, Steve would be there by his side and care for him.
Clint got up from where he sat, grasping one of his arrows in his palm so tightly it's metallic form bended a little bit. "If you expect any of us to work with that sick, disgusting rapist-"
That was when Jarvis started talking.
"You found him then, you will again." Natasha's voice whispered, prompting him to open his eyes and look at her, setting his jaw in a frown but not bothering to wipe his eyes. "And this time you will have help. I am sorry for not believing, Jim."
His breathing accelerated, his heavy eyelids were barely open to meet with Steve's handsome and stern looking blues, when they eventually did his breath caught in his throat in a too familiar fashion. He'd learned to recognize his panic attacks after experiencing a few too many following New York, and his body was reacting involuntarily and against his will, convulsing and thrashing as he barely breathed in what was provided the oxygen mask on his face.
"I love you, Tony." Steve said as he set the machine on the floor by the bed, hooking it to a new, larger than usual oxygen tank. His eyes never left the contraption, not peaking to survey Tony's expression as he said the words. "I know it doesn't always seem that way – our relationship before was complicated, so we can't just expect everything to go smooth now. We still have to learn to trust each other again, and to be honest with each other."
Tony brought his hand to his head, messaging his temple. He could guess what kind of malfunction it was. "Did you…"
And then the mask was gone, a hand settled on the base of his neck and another found its place pushing down against his bandaged thigh. It was straining the wounds and pulling on the stitches and Tony hissed in pain, then whimpered at the burn in his throat that spread down to his lungs and his heart and everywhere – breathing was impossible.
"Sir has entrusted the codes to three people besides himself." The A.I. finally cut his tension. "Ms. Potts, Captain Rogers, and yourself, Colonel."
Well, I'm nearly done. the last chapter was getting long so I decided to split it and give you a part of it already.
Rhodey kept quiet, his healthy hand turned into a fist. "It's just the three of us, then." He raised his hand to his ear-piece. "War machine, activate. Jarvis, are appearances by Steve Rogers listed on my navigation systems?" he nodded to himself as the A.I. confirmed, and turned to Natasha. "we are going hunting, War machine will be patrolling and gathering data. I will be driving to places where the likeness of Rogers was sighted. You… either come with me or try to make your dumb-ass teammates stop chasing aliens.
Tony stood silently and listened as Steve kept rambling on. It was a scary thing, hearing the plans Steve had and knowing how horribly twisted the execution of them will be. He wanted to take Barnes too, probably wished to make him heal the same way he tried to make Tony 'heal', slowly killing him in the process.
Sam stopped answering him after that, and Rhodey thought he accidentally driven him away with the bad joke, only for Tony to exclaim half an hour later that he smelled pizza and thank them for being the best friends in the world. Apparently, Sam had taken him seriously.
He hated that Steve's hand was the one that fed him, and the one that brought him oxygen when breathing became a terrible strain on his body, he hated that he had to beg for it, and to be kissed and kiss back right before he could have the promised surge of air that gave that brief relief to his aching lungs and heart. He hated that he didn't mind, just as long as he could breath.
"Tony!" Rhodey hurried to his side, and he quickly realized the urgency was due to the tears streaming down his face when the first whimper left his lips, followed by a chain of wails as Rhodey hugged him close to his chest again, warm and comforting and there, ready to protect him through everything.
"I know, babe… Come on, we'll take care of your face and then I have another surprise for you." His body went limp as Steve got him to stand up, one of his hands still against his chest while the other supported his back. The feeling of fear that Tony had experienced from the moment he woke up in the facility after being taken from the hospital all through each day and night he spent there, seemingly unending, had then started drumming in the back of his head. Steve was now effectively controlling every aspect of his life – and Tony couldn't say no. he could do nothing that conflicted with what Steve envisioned. It's been days and his willpower for resisting and fighting was draining with every decision Steve had taken away from him. Saying 'no' to anything Steve decided should be done seemed like too much of an effort for which the only return was pain and condemnation.
Tony stayed where he previously fell, his body frozen but his mind rushing to find a way out of the small room. The room was supposed to be impervious to sound, and yet he could hear each grunt and shout Natasha made or managed to get out of Steve. The fight was going on for more time than Tony could've imagined, and he hoped it was due to either of them holding their punches. Despite everything, he didn't want to be the reason for the team's downfall, he didn't want to be the one to tear them apart and pit friends against each other.
It was rare, almost entirely impossible to catch Natasha genuinely beg, but right now that seemed like such an occurrence. Steve was baffled by her words, however – "I'm sorry, I wasn't aware someone left us." he said, frowning, "Oh, wait. You mean Rhodes? I hope it wasn't because of his little disagreement with me, Tony would hate for his best friend to quit being an Avenger because of him…"
"yeah, from his friends. I'm barely even a teammate." What a nervous wreck. Hard to believe the man was one of the most gifted banterers of the group.
Rhodey kept quiet, and once again Tony could imagine just perfectly the tightening of the muscles on his shoulders, the set of his jaw in anger, and the final resignation. "he will be hurt regardless…" he said, this time in his normal voice. "Don't you see? The news, the papers… they all look at the leaked video and call it a freaking sex tape, calling it a romance gone wrong. They are calling for that… monster's release." He paused and breathed in. "What if he does get released, Pepper? What if Natasha is not enough to keep him locked up? I don't… how will I look Tony in the eyes?  How will we protect him?"
"Jarvis," He breathed, tearing away more of the singed flesh and throwing it aside, uncovering more of the light metal. "Make a note to find a more… durable solution for the skin."
He wasn't worried. Nat could handle herself without him, even locked in a room with a psycho-killer super-soldier who used to be one of their team-mates - one of their friends. She was resourceful and they did prepare for the possibility of being separated, who they ended up fighting had nothing to do with their joint nor solo capabilities for taking out their adversary and getting their mission done.
His fear overwhelmed him. He shouted for them to let go but found his voice muffled by what seemed like a gas mask. He knew they were drugging him… he couldn't let them continue if he wanted to get away. He thrashed under their hands while attempting and failing not to cry out at the constant torment any slight amount of movement earned him, his eyes failed to focus and recognize who of his adversaries had gotten him this time.
"They are letting him go tomorrow." She said, both of them standing, leaning on his car. Happy went to buy coffee and donuts at a nearby store that Tony used to love, to let them reminisce. Instead they stood, mostly in silence, and looked up at his creation.
"Yeah…" He swallowed, his throat dry. "Tell… Tell everyone I'm sorry, okay? I… I tried, I really wanted… but… I don't think I'll be coming home again. Rhodey—he will take care of you, and Pepper too, the tower is theirs, okay? Everything is theirs." it was becoming so hard to breath, he needed the machine to do it but hadn't the strength to crawl over to it. He felt weighed down, and the walls… they were closing in on him, the room felt so much smaller suddenly, but the distance from where he had sprawled when he fell to the machine and nest of blankets seemed to only get much bigger.
"Bruce told me he thought you had some involvement, that you were somehow forced to… to do something to him, or to watch, that you were not able to stop what was happening to him. He said Tony was… projecting what happened in his hallucinations into his reality, mixing things up." The man's hands steadied, the shakiness of his form evaporated as he took the steps required to get him one arm length away from where Steve stood. "I have no proof; I can't-do anything to you right now. So Captain… knowing that I believe that everything Tony said about you is the entire, honest truth – defend yourself to me, right now. Explain to me how you justify assaulting my best friend. You can do that, or I can go and get the evidence I need to ruin your entire fucking life."
"Tony, Tony." He held the man's and gently and felt his fingers curl against his palm, Tony's eyes roamed the room blindly before fixating on his face, he repeated the man's name in a whisper and let his other hand wipe a tear that run down his cheek, "You're safe, you're okay now. I've got you, I got you Tones…"  the machines beeping calmed the more he talked, his friend's eyes trained on him and his hand clutching desperately to Rhodey's. someone pulled the curtain around them – Bruce, he was standing on the other side of the bed, preparing a dose of Valium to put their friend down again. Tony seemed unaware of him; of anything, in fact. His lips parted then closed again like those of a fish out of water behind his oxygen mask, and Rhodey's heart shattered at the pain his eyes expressed, or the way he tried and only barely managed to squeeze his fingers around Rhodey's.
Steve lowered his head, his hand tightened over Tony's and he responded by making a small grunting noise and shaking his head from side to side, clearly in pain.
Tony sighed quietly, "General… he trespassed and attacked me. I defended myself. This is all there is to it. Now… You probably should hurry and take him to a hospital, the Vita radiation frequency imbued into my repulsors is probably starting to destabilize the serum as we speak. And it's not a pleasant experience, I am sure."
He arrived at the podium, his breath short in his chest, a special inhaler he designed for himself over the course of two weeks -
want us to find Tony, don't you?" he sighed as another one of his queries was shut down by the A.I. before completing its task. His hands clutched tightly into a fist on the surface of the table as he looked directly into what he knew was a camera sensor for the A.I. that had been giving him any sort of trouble imaginable for the last few hours.
He let out a shuddery breath as the horror of the dream came back in flashes, letting his hand stroke down the abused skin as if it was not his own, looking for anything irregular, a bump, a dip – it was ridiculous and it was just a dream, but it felt so real; The pain and the burning inside him all felt so real.
A hero's death. Tony would have laughed had his lungs felt up to it, but those were deflated, probably collapsed. His breath's felt shallow, not at all providing oxygen or anything other than heavy dust particles in his needy body. Pathetic, broken. Another attempted breath was rejected, and the familiar panic crept up his spine as his vision darkened. A hero's death. He couldn't even know if that was really it, or if he was going to be just another included in the collateral damage of a successful invasion. Anonymous, stripped of his identities and life right along all the others.
Natasha ignored both of them and got up, walking a few meters away to stand by the window and look down at the bustling city-center of Manhattan. "Even considering everything that happened, Steve had been acting… weird." She said quietly, tilting her head to sneak a glance back at the team. "I guessed he was there when Tony got assaulted, I know Bruce theorized the same." She caught Bruce's subtle nod and silently returned her eyes to the window.
"You took Bucky's arm." Steve said, and rage burned in his voice. "you wanted revenge, or you were jealous of him because you know how much he will always matter to me, so you did that. I tried, Tony, staying optimistic, believing that you are not that petty and we can just start over. But here you go, saying the same old bullshit. I thought we were already past that phase…"
But no, they weren't together. He knew that. Bruce had been teasing him and Tony about a supposed attraction just like everyone else – if a bit more mellow, never jealous or angry of the bond Steve and Tony obviously shared. Steve couldn't imagine a scenario where he could do something like that with his own lass – or lad, in Tony's case. Just the thought of having to share spat him now, despite not having paid any attention to their relationship before.
Ross had someone explain to him his new statues, reinstated with the military – which was the term for his immediate release from the custody of the Avengers and for resources to go after Bucky – he was not yet free to go wherever he wanted, there was actually a hearing going on about that, they were working on it.
And it was going to work out. Once Steve found Bucky, like he promised himself in that cell, he was going to make it work with Tony.
Steve paused. A frown was coming to his face as Tony's eyes filled with tears. "Let me go." He sobbed, blinking the tears away from his eyes. His hand trembled terribly but was so close to nick himself with the razor that Steve didn't want to risk trying to wrestle it away from him for fear that he might accidentally cause him actually to do it. "Let me go. I don't want this, Steve. Let me go, or I'll free myself this way. I- I hate you enough to do this. I
"What have I done?!" He whispered mid laughter, his breath whistling with effort. "I… I done nothing. Steve. There was nothing I
Mainly headaches, chest pains and a very sore throat.
"Okay, Tony…" Steve kneeled next to him his brow kneading in concern as the appearance of the man in front of him worsened, "Tony, sweetheart… open your mouth. I have something to make this go away, stay with me…" he took off the blankets and Tony's shirt before making him sit up and slipping the pill past his lips. Tony trembled in his hands, his skin was pale and ghastly but thankfully he did not lose consciousness and allowed Steve to hold him and press the oxygen mask over his mouth and nose, as the machine started pumping oxygen through to him.
He called over Ms. Song and let her know Tony was available to the nurses now. He asked her to try convincing him he needed sleep and pain relief – and to be gentle, not do anything that Tony vetoed. He didn't want his friend to be needlessly stressed further.
Tony was not surprised to find her there. He was, however, entirely too tired and weary of having that conversation.
He made sure Tony would be comfortable and as warm as was possible, and then longingly stared at his lover's lips. They were pale and dry and cold when he touched them, not unlike a dead person's. he reasoned to himself that later he would be able to kiss him awake again - kiss him until the color comes back to his lips and cheeks. Tony could not fight him forever – had to recover soon, even if he could be stubborn for a long time, Steve could out-stubborn him, he could wait.
But not now. Not as he was held, helpless and hurting against his team-mate, a person he considered a friend on some caliber, who had betrayed him in such a spectacular way that it made the cracks too deep to cover and hide and hope for them to mend before anyone noticed. No, now that Steve got his hands on him, creating some sorry imitation of a romantic scene depicting them curled together, sleeping or resting from a long day and relishing the quiet and serenity that should have come with it, Tony couldn't seem to lie to himself good enough.
Or maybe he just accepted that he'd never be safe.
Tony wasn’t sure if he was dreaming or not, anymore.
He couldn't make much of anything, to be honest. He froze under the studious eyes examining him, unblinking and barely moving, alien in every possible standard and strangely mesmerizing-
I really recommend reading the story from the beginning again for the edits :) and to jog your memory too since it's been... a year since the last update. oops.
When Steve did look at him again, mere seconds later - his eyes were hard and cold like ice, his jaw set the way it usually did when they argued over their many disagreements. Tony became hyperaware of the sound of the soldier grinding his teeth, then sighing exerted and tired. One of his hands was at the base of Tony's head now, caressing softly at his cold, rigid skin. Tony hummed appreciatively at the touch of leather gloves, gaining a hesitant look from the man accompanying him besides his concrete deathbed.
When he saw the Colonel that morning, sitting in the tower with a cup of coffee that had long ago turned cold, his eyes haunted and shoulders slumped, and learned from Clint that the man was supposed to go meet with the CEO of Tony's company at the hospital, so they could both go and see Tony, Sam remembered with a tang of discomfort how it had felt to meet Riley's mother after… the heaviness in the air, the overwhelming feeling of guilt. Rhodes was there when Tony was shot out of the sky into a building, he saw it happen, and he had to face the people closest to Tony and explain to them what had happened and why he couldn't save him.
“You are the perfect picture of health, sir.” Were Jarvis’ exact words. Tony couldn’t say he felt like it, but it was good to know that it was all in his head, rather than something actually wrong with him.
Tony didn't utter a word, his jaw was set and teeth gritted, and his body trembled – probably due to how cold the floor was against his bare skin. So, Steve lifted and cradled him against his chest, for warmth, and to show him that he was forgiven.
"Col… Jim," he started, looking Rhodes shoulders tense for a moment before his head turned to him with a raised eyebrow, he tried not to lose his cool at using the man's first name so casually. "I… uh, hope I'm not intruding." He said "I mean, on the visit…" well, cool it was not, he hoped he didn't really sound as awkward as he felt.
There was a general ache all over his body, and a heavy feeling in his stomach that just refused to go away but excluding that and the shrapnel in his chest, he was completely healthy. Jarvis could not detect any signs of mythical creatures manifesting specifically to use him as a masturbatory plaything –and surprisingly enough, there were no signs of a heatstroke or dehydration either.
Numbly Tony waited, not very sure how death felt, if the pain would just suddenly stop or continue indefinitely, if his mind would just stop… how would he know? How would he even feel? He just waited. Counted the seconds. He knew it'd be soon, not-breathing was so hard and so loud in the silence of his constricted concrete and steel grave, air wheezing sharply around him. A maddening sound, he wished he couldn't hear it anymore.
"Have you talked to Steve?" she asked Sam, keeping her voice casual. She hoped that he did, that she and Rhodes and Tony were all wrong about a person she worked with and placed her faith in, purely on the virtue of his story and imagery. She hoped he was on his way, just as worried about Tony as everyone else, just as eager to bring him back home safe.
a statement. Whatever remains of the Avengers already told the public that Iron man is dead, people believe that. Waiting any longer to reveal the truth would just hurt Tony."
"the word you're looking for is 'Hero', Mr. Barton." Ross reproached, "what he does with his lovers in his own free time has nothing to do with his purpose as an American Hero and protector of the people, but don't worry. I will not force you. You may retire if you wish. The government prefers a specialized squad led by the Captain than a ragtag group of spies and monsters."
As he deemed his work close to a finish, Steve allowed himself to release his own cock from his uniform pants. Becoming hard while looking at the heap of flesh that once was Tony Stark was not an easy task, so he once again let his artist's imagination take control, paint a picture of the elegant inventor with always neat facial hair, a somewhat condescending smirk adorning his kissable lips and his big brown eyes half closed with lust and adoration. He groaned as that image fueled both the strokes he gave himself and the thrusts of his fingers into Tony's body, he let himself imagine the little gasps and broken moans rolling out of his throat were ones of pleasure, that he'd sound exactly like this if they were in his own bed right now instead of under a collapsed building.
I tried to make sure that Steve never outright LIES about anything. he is not telling the truth, he is omitting information. he is basically being a manipulative son of a bitch. did I pull that off?
His breathing slowed from frantic to nearly non-existent, thoughts of dark caves and pain and fear bubbled up, then slowly faded; his mind clouding as eerie sounds of  whales singing and calling to each other in deep and far away waters started seeping in and filling up his mind instead. He wanted to scream as the darkness and loneliness became overbearing, but no sound left his lips . He wanted to answer the calling, he wanted to-
From the outside, the cabin doesn't look like much, it was made to look run down even if still intact, the ground around colored in grayish tenor to impose a feeling of decay, meant to drive away any curious hikers. When he had asked Tony to help design it, it was one of his Ideas to implement atmospheric features to help drive away people who were not supposed to be there, a deterrent that kept on proving its effectiveness with every passing day. However, misguided tourists were not the only ones that needed to be deterred from the place, and as Steve neared the safe-house he noticed several camera sensors evaluating him for risk levels, he knew he would be flagged for his body build, Tony had designed the system to recognize super soldiers and enhanced humans, as those were Hydra's most high-level threats to a place like this.
It's a rather short one and might be the last for quite some time, so I'm leaving you with a bit of a cliff-hanger. I'm nice like that.
"…Bruce. Wasn't the hologram enough? Haven't you ever watched Rogers spar?" it was Natasha's voice that answered him now, but he could still hear Rhodes muttering about it being useless in the background. "Look again, bring in Clint to take a look. It's the same brawler style Rogers uses when he fights without his shield, it's the same body type. There are still pictures too, I'll send them to you if you want an actual look at what was happening." She somehow almost sounded desperate in a weird and unsettling way. "Please, if you really want to help Tony, stop repressing what your gut tells you, stop wasting time."
If before there were whispers of speculation still making rounds, now the audience fell entirely silent, waiting in anticipation for him to talk. From the corner of his eye Tony captured the doors open, and saw the curly red hair of Natasha as she hurried inside, finding the horrified, angry stare she froze while bearing.
Despite Bruce's assertion that Rhodey had to sleep and eat, he found himself unable to. He had Jarvis order something in but had not taken the takeout out of the containers since the night before.
When Steve settled behind him, one hand stroking circles on his stomach while the other slid down his back. He might have jerked a little, might have sobbed softly under the mask when he felt Steve's still clothed crotch rub against him. Mimicking the act that would follow soon after.
Also, if I have any readers based in the US - Stay safe, stay strong. I'm feeling your pain and I'm rooting for you.
He didn’t dare to look down at what it was that had him, he didn’t dare stare into the vast darkness of that creature’s eyes again, Tony kept his eyes up, looking at the rays of sunlight that broke through the surface while continuing his push to get back to them. But how could he, merely human, useless and weak and vulnerable as he ever was – hope to fight at all?
He waited around for a few more hours, buying other supplies. He thankfully still had savings from his work for S.H.I.E.L.D before Hydra revealed themselves, so he could make any purchases he wanted without relying on Avengers resources.
Bucky was safe, so he could now, faster than expected, begin to work on his plan to get them all out of there, going rogue, working together with the two people he cared for most in the world without the meddling of outside forces, for the betterment of the world like they had always dreamed of, seemed like a nice enough concept.
"They will when Tony is up to it, we agreed on that!" Rhodey snaps at the middle of her sentence, and Tony can almost hear the stern look she'd have given him, being the recipient of such a look several times in the past.
wake up already.
"No diagnosis, Steve. Just your opinion." He says quietly, "You were there, and if I can judge by your reactions to anything Tony related in the last few hours, you also saw what happened to him." Steve turns his head now, teeth bared in barely restrained anger. Bruce could feel the turmoil of excitement from The Other Guy, and could only beg to any deity he can think of not to change just right now. "no need to get mad, Cap. I may not be a Red Room spy, but you are not very subtle either." He hurried to say, and Steve seemingly calmed a little, even if his brows were still scrunched in a stern frown.
Eventually Rhodes broke his gaze and went hurriedly to the reception desk, putting down his things and smiling at the receptionist calmly. "The Doctor said Mr. Barnes feels much better today, you can let… Rogers… see him for a few minutes." Rhodes said the words begrudgingly, not giving another glance in Steve's direction as he smiled at the receptionist who, in her recognition of the tension between them, eyes Steve suspiciously and looked at Rhodey with a desperate question in her eyes. "but Colonel Rhodes, the regulations! Mr. Barnes is not in a state-"
"Okay, Brucie." His voice was a just little more than a whisper, really, and his hold on Rhodey's hand slackened. "I'm glad I… I am glad it wasn't for nothing. I thought… I was sure…" he grinned and closed his eyes, his voice was just so
He could make use of the Avengers, the Hulk and Thor at the very least could take care of some of the heavier stuff. He had no qualms about fighting alongside them again. Moral and trust was low between all of them and that was a bad starting point. But he needed them, Tony needed them – even if they didn't even believe in him still being alive, even if they didn't believe in him at all for the better part of their acquaintance.
Rhodey's hand looked like he had been punching a concrete wall repeatedly for hours, but the fact was that he merely got to punch Rogers one time, may or may not have broken his nose, before being dealt an eye for an eye – only it was a human eye in return for a super-human one, and the result was not pretty.
Tony didn't say a thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rhodes was not happy to concede, and before he put on the war machine armor he looked back at Steve, his eyes projecting waves of mistrust. Steve shook his head at him and crossed his arms, watching the armor's back as it left the room.
The doors remained glaringly open, waiting for them all to come inside and face the reality of what happened in a raw and direct manner that they had the privilege to willfully ignore until that very moment. He saw from the corner of his eyes the people who chose to go down that rabbit hole, both Wilson and Rhodes with nearly no hesitation going down to find each their lost best friend. He knew only one of them would come up with someone, and that they both remained lost regardless.
dead.
Clint seemed to be less confident in his grip on his bow. He looked at Steve, up and down, eyes focusing on his half-covered face, as if trying to find something he recognized there. Steve smiled gently in his direction and nodded once, encouragingly. If he could convince even one of them of the importance what he was doing, then that would be enough. They will convince the others for him.
Tony chooses to trust someone, they betray him. He chooses to trust only himself – and gets burnt. Rhodey clenched his fists around another piece of metal. Every choice Tony made seemed to turn out to be a loss for him, and he always made those choices anyway.
"I am not the one imagining things that are not… there…" Steve grip turned tighter, and breathing was turning impossible. "I… am not the one…" Tony left Steve's arm as it tightened against his neck, instead pushing it against Steve's broad chest. He gasped and closed his eyes.
Rhodes was frantic, and she watched him walk around, calling people on his phone and talking – cool, calm and stone-faced. She watched him relay the news to Pepper, his hands shaking and eyes closing tight when the yells of the woman breached through the speaker, intangible but clear in their pain. She heard him lay out Steve's description to whom he described as friends, people who would give a shit as the Avengers, according to him, clearly did not.
Bruce imagined the Hulk would definitely like that lady.
Tony's face lifted slowly. "That's what she said." He smirked at him, and they both barked in laughter for a moment.
– But that too had soon dwindled, sightings of Steve were non-existent from the moment he left city limits in a stolen car – which they found drowned in the Hudson River near New Jersey, of all places.
He swallowed the small gasp Tony made into his mouth, silencing it and another one Tony attempted right after that, he was drinking down the little moans, tasting the salt of tears on his lips and continued, slow at first – the cum not enough to make the passage into Tony's body easier, it was uncomfortably hot and tight in there for the first few minutes, the body under him stiff with the stress and fear of its last moments.
He hoped to have made that reunion less public.
was wrong with him, but something has been wrong with him since New York. Nightmares were just nightmares. His existential crisis wasn’t something that medication could fix.
Natasha had a broken arm and a few cracked ribs, she was already up and terrorizing the orderlies and nurses with demands to be let go. Tony was in an induced coma and suffered a cracked skull, several fractures in his arms - wrists, fingers, a dislocated shoulder… one of the hands demanded a reconstruction surgery if they hoped to ever have it work again. He had multiple deep slashes all over his body, some metal lodged itself in his thigh and was removed during the night by several surgeons, who by the end of it determined he could keep all of his limbs intact. A long time with limited breathing capacity had worried the doctors that Tony might have sustained heart and brain damage, they were testing for it, but until Tony woke up there was really no way to determine how much any of that affected him.
Steve's hand never left his bleeding thigh.
Now Steve had taken it away, his ability to breath and the ability to re-learn how to do it again. If he lived through this – Tony would never breathe on his own again.
Steve said he was acting spoiled, asking him in disdain if he thought he was too good for can soup. If Tony thought he could talk without spilling the contents of his stomach again or otherwise keep his lungs from exploding due to the exertion, he would've told him of the gruel he was fed in Afghanistan for three months that would have made military rations from the forties look like three Michelin stars worthy dish. He kept quiet and tilted his head away when Steve attempted feeding him another spoonful.
Pepper smiled. "I don't care how much it cost, Tony should be as comfortable and relaxed as possible and we absolutely can afford it."
First thing he did was put a requisition order for one of the prosthesis departments at SI. He made sure Barnes would get the lightest, most balanced and of course, technically advanced new arm in production, one that Barnes was able to put on or take off at his convenience. It was in complete contrast to this lump of metal, which weighted a ton and had no flexibility as far as he has seen. It was still fascinating, of course. And one thing Tony didn't lose was his curiosity, so… he kept it.  He had no ideas about what to do with it, and the labs at the mansion were still nowhere near as advanced as those he built in the tower.
Minutes later, Steve sat in the kitchen. He was fully attired in the Captain America costume for the first time since he and Tony came to the safe-house what seemed like weeks ago. The noises outside seemed to be growing loud and more frequent, which meant they were confronting some of the deadlier systems Tony had implemented. Steve allowed himself to imagine what things Tony thought the house would have to withstand – hordes of monstrous aliens and failed-experiment literal monsters, probably. Not their friends…
"We don't know if he would ever be ready, but we can't just… just expect the world to stop until then." Pepper's voice was tired, but firm. "Natasha came to me with questions, Jim… and the company… they are all trying to find out-"
And lastly, he would tell him that any harm that finally came to Tony could have been avoided, had the Avengers simply left them alone.
The group remained quiet, the most visibly disturbed by the news was War Machine, who immediately stood up and left the room, the metal boots of his suit clanking loudly in the silence stricken room. The rest sat quietly, their heads turned down. Sam was looking at Steve with worried eyes – out of all of them, he might have been closer to understanding how Steve felt about Tony and was searching his face for a reaction. The stone-faced glare was all he got back.
He still wanted all of it to be just a long, weird and horrible dream.
"I wouldn't have asked you about the bathroom if I had known, Tony." Steve reprimanded, "Come on. Get up and we will get you sorted out." Steve stopped then, his arms crossed over his chest in a position that said Tony was not going to get help getting up, somewhat passive-aggressive, but he was thankful for not having to be touched by him again.
Attempts to explain that he needed whatever respiratory aid to live and therefore would not take it apart just to escape Steve's idea of a vacation home had gone through Steve's ear and came out the other side, unheeded. Despite the sympathetic, understanding looks he sometimes snuck toward Tony when he thought he wasn't seeing, Steve seemingly preferred watching him get brain damaged or die rather than provide any type of machine to help him get better if it also provided a chance at escape.
"Nat," He didn't bother with the pretense he put up for Sam before, his crashed mood did not allow it. "Clint… you got in."
Rhodey looked at the armor and then at Tony and for a moment a doubtful shudder run up his back. The Armor could well enough become a coffin if they didn't hurry and the Idea suddenly turned terrifying. He sighed. "Okay Tones, it's not going to be a comfortable ride, but it's the best we've got right now." He lifted Tony and put him into the space, finding himself horrified at how small Tony looked inside the suit. Tony made them to fit him, so when they didn't it looked outright grotesque. "Jarvis, find a small hospital, preferably one that can use a new wing or renovation. I'm gonna need to bribe some people and I'd rather make it easier."
"It's all good, man. I trust you." Sam nodded at him, "Need a lift back to the tower? We can send someone to pick up your ride later…"
With that he left the room, not allowing Steve to insert another word into the conversation. If he did, Steve would've enthusiastically explain to him that he did not cause Tony's death, he prevented it. He saved Tony after he was crushed, he helped keep him alive until rescue came. He would've reminded Bruce that he himself said that without Steve's intervention, Tony would've died back then, and none of them would've gotten to say goodbye.
And as he was pulled down, without air and light and with horror haunting every single fiber of his being, the sounds of Whale songs filled his head again. Louder under the water, closer. Soothing and loving.
He hadn't been back since.
He took out a small remote from his pocket and with a flick of his wrist he shut down the security system's evaluation of him. He listened for the mechanical screech that told him of the withdrawal of several heavy artillery weapons that were hidden all around the place before stepping before a wooden panel hidden on the side of the little building, rather than the main entrance. He lay his palm against it, felt the warmth and itch of the scan that checked his features, and waited.
Those who took note of Steve's disappearance did make the connection and suggested ideas that, if not so grotesquely opposite of what happened could be considered
And Tony, having been fed the idea that what happened was not what had always been the only possible outcome of their eventual relationship, came up with a horrible, distorted memory. He had to disillusion him, make him see. He couldn't do it where Tony would get distracted and kept away from him. It was the only way, the only thing that mattered.
Summoning courage and begging himself not to cry, Tony breathed in before letting out a shuddery exhale. "You are being disgusting." Instead of physically pushing him away, he tried a verbal approach and tried not to shudder as two warm hands slid under the shirt he wore – Steve's shirt, drenched in his musk and loose from being stretched across his wide body for too long, Tony wore it willingly, despite the way the scent of it turned his stomach whenever he caught a whiff of it, just to not have to see the old and new marks left on his body from Steve's rough treatment.
"Hush… It's okay…" Steve hurried to his side, leaving the paper bag alone for now. He put his hand on Tony's chest, tracing and stroking the edges of the round scar left after the arc reactor was removed. He hoped to soothe him, but Tony, in a rapid and dubiously intentional movement, tried to slap his hand away. He was, of course, unsuccessful.
Now he would never get either of his fantasies. Now Steve was looking of whatever remained of Tony Stark and found it wanting. Nothing could salvage it. Nobody could give him back the Tony stark he dreamed about. He missed that opportunity. Even if help could get there fast enough to keep him alive… it would no longer be the same.
Steve caught another glance between the two. "A trial? For…?" he kept his face as neutral and still as he managed, but no one would blame him for the low, gurgling snarl that started to form at the back of his throat. A violent vision of both spies' heads smashed in his powerful fists filled his mind for a moment before he shook it away, feeling the pinch of a twitch in the muscles of his face.
Tony fought away the cracks in his composure, tried to keep the urge to fight for Rhodey's honor tucked in and controlled. He had to stay calm.
Three weeks more passed before Rhodey could take Tony home, his childhood home – the mansion. It was prepared for their arrival by Jarvis and Pepper, who hired a team of specialists – Doctors and nurses and therapists, and equipped Tony's room – once one of his mother's rooms, with SI's latest line of medical technologies. The hospital was paid off to keep quiet about Tony's condition to the media, both in the form of a grant for a new wing, equipped with that same line of Stark tech, and the individual pay-off for Doctors and nurses who came in touch with Tony or Rhodey. Tony's current state of being alive never left the hospital room nor his room at the mansion, and as far as Rhodey was concerned, it could stay that way.
"I love Tony, Jim. I would never do anything with an intent to harm him."
"Tones… shit, you're not supposed to be out of bed yet." Rhodey was by his side, on the floor for some reason, cradling his head close to his abdomen. Tony made a disapproving groan and nuzzled Rhodey's thigh. He pouted when Rhodey grunted at the gesture.
Tony didn't hesitate, "They fixed it at the hospital. It was already healing, and then you kidnapped me and broke it again and again and never gave it the proper treatment or enough time to heal."
Steve did re-cast them when he came back the night before. He even did so with the efficiency and expertise one could expect of someone who had treated broken bones before, so the end result didn't look bad or unprofessional.  The damage that had been done before could not really be reversed, however – not without surgery, maybe not at all.
There wasn't much more to do in the room, he just had to survey the bathroom, imprint every single terrifying detail into his psyche, and then he would re-join the fight, and they will take the super-soldier down.
The screens all over the tower showed it in loops, they couldn't get away from it - wherever they went was the terrifying, nerve wrecking video. A computer simulation that looked awfully realistic and after it a series of blurry images, real pictures showing the entire simulation again, and an extra.
get angry.'
Sometimes, Steve pondered his relationships with people in the past. He thought of his drunkard father, and his mom – the sickness that took her from him and plagued his own life for many years, hardened him against difficulty and hardship. He thought – fondly- of his best friend. Bucky was always there for him – always affirming and supportive, ready to defend and protect Steve's choices, even while reprimanding him for the idiocy and stubbornness that led to them.
He was out of breath before he tried even a quarter of those things, his legs collapsed under his weight when he tried to walk back to the room where he woke up, hoping it was just another nightmare, hoping it was all just a nightmare that he would wake up from to find Rhodey by his side.
The receptionist coughed and gave him an impatient look, and he smiled at her in return as he came closer to receive a visitor's badge.
"Sam? I need you to fly back to the tower and fetch me something."
Well, that really didn't work for Tony, not as far as Rhodey was concerned.
Enjoy!
It had been a long one, disastrous in all ways. Most of the participants were laying incapacitated on the ground while others fought above them, surrounded by the ruins of what once was Times Square… now reduced to rubble of concrete, steel and broken glass.
Or maybe that was simply what Steve's visage caused Tony to feel now.
The screen blinked again, and Tony tried to smile without breaking into a fit of tears when a camera flash nearly blinded him, right before words started forming on the screen. The sphere chirped excitedly and bounced in the air, making it hard to read, but Tony knew what was written regardless.
- He put the tablet away –
Tony gasped again, fear pooling in his chest and stomach. The smell of his own cum on Steve's hand made him feel nauseous. He could lie, Steve would accept a lie because he was so desperate for it to be the truth, he could lie…
There was no tech. no computers, no phones, not even a microwave or a fridge. Everything seemed to have been made from blocks of solid wood, no metal, no cables, nothing to take apart and put back together. The windows were sealed with glass that did not even get scratched by having a chair thrown at it repeatedly, and the door did not open, had no visible key-hole, and made any attempt at kicking it down or slamming against it until it broke look more and more ridiculous each time it caused him to fall back on his ass, squirming in pain.
"You are so good for me, Tony…" Steve praised with a smile as he set aside the razor and turned on the stream of warm water to wash away the remains of the cream on Tony's face and reveal the smooth face underneath it.
Dirty Smutty smut in this chapter
"Tony…" the reprimand didn't take long to come, followed by the silence that told of a chance to get back on his own before Steve pulled him in again, when he didn't comply, pretended not to notice – his arm was grabbed, rather than his waist, and with a tug he was dragged to sit between Steve's thick thighs, his head cradled gently by one huge hand that made sure it rested where he could listen to Steve's heart beats.
Tony didn't turn to see what Steve was pulling out of a bedside drawer cabinet, he did not resist when the hem of his pants was rolled down while Steve's other hand placed the oxygen mask on his face. Focused on the feeling of his body recognizing and adjusting to the newfound oxygen-rich air, he ignored the prickling under his skin where Steve stroked it, and the warm kisses on his shoulder and the back of his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
He got up and left him there- exaggerating his coughing and dry heaving to make Steve believe him - to instead go to the kitchen. His chest felt constricted as he contemplated his options again. He couldn't take Tony back to the hospital, giving him any sort of machinery would result in a successful escape – because it was Tony, and he would figure it out. it would be disastrous for both of them. Steve would not be able to live with himself if Tony died out there alone. However, he couldn't leave him like this, either.
? Shit, Steve. What idiot ever let
Tony was losing consciousness, he saw darkness and was pretty sure he was currently burning in the infernos of Hell.
“Tony?” her voice was soft, and he realized he had zoned out again, completely missing what she had been saying in response to his excuse. “I won’t come if you don’t want me to, but please don’t tell me everything is fine when it clearly isn’t.”
"Nonsense, Jim. This is my job." He said, trying to balance the huge bear between his arms without losing any of the balloons or dropping the flowers. "You think the Boss will like this? Of course, he would, what am I talking about. This is right up his ally." He released a pent-up breath as Pepper pulled Rhodey into a hug, her hand on his nape forcing it close against his neck.
He initiated the kiss, this time. Hoped that Steve would get it without him having to beg for it verbally, without having to repeat the words. 'Please, I need to breath'.
With the realization that he was imprisoned by his own project came the panic, with the panic came the frantic tries at finding a way out, and with those came pain and fatigue that staggered Tony and sent him tumbling and crashing to the floor, where he remained.
He put it back without breathing from it again, and turned.
"It's not fair, Tony. You can't die yet. You just can't. Do you hear me? Stay awake." Steve's hand was so warm against his head, it was nice, the sensation of his long, firm fingers running through mats of bloodied hair was comforting, it wasn't a bad feeling to experience before dying. If only he'd shut up and let him rest now… "help is coming, you hear? They're coming. Come on…!" The hand left Tony's hair and shot to the Captain's ear, from which he pulled an earpiece with a frustrated shout, making Tony jolt back to awareness.
He could still feel the rage through him, hot, green and flowing through his veins, burning through them, he could still feel it even as he got smaller and his skin turned pink rather than green and the urge to smash everything around was fed to a satisfying extent. The beast growled within him, wanting more, not knowing what of, who it needed to destroy, but wanting to.
Well, she could. The feelings in the room were as follows: despair, woefulness, uneasiness… Rhodes, where he sat at the counter and barely touched his sandwich – had fatigue and resentment written all over him, and heartbreak was… surrounding him like an aura. With Bruce, it was a worried stiffness, accompanied with dull anguish, incompetence and, of course, the ever underlying anger that terrified even her.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you need to go to the bathroom?" the pacing stopped with those words, followed by silence from both of the people in the room. Tony opened his eyes, the anticipation and dread not yet leaving him completely. Steve was just standing there, however. "Well? I'm sure I'm not the only one who wants to avoid a repeat of yesterday." He steadily crossed his arms as he said the words. Tony could feel his gaze going over his features, exploring them.
Thirty seconds left on his count when Steve kissed his lips, pushing hard for more. Twenty-five when his hands cupped and fondled the underside of Tony's thighs as his clothes were shed and his body lifted for easier access, ten seconds as his own hand, spread flat against Steve's chest and powerless to push him away was turning warm, and finally – five seconds as a beam of light erupted from that same hand, throwing Steve across the room, where he crashed against a glass screen and shattered it.
Thank you for you continuous support!!
A few years ago, When Sam was still in the military, Tony Stark announced he was shutting down weapons research and development at his company. A few days after that, Iron man was revealed to the world, and the man came out as the new superhero with a statement few people were able to ignore.
Even if Steve didn't do what Tony thought he did, shouldn't that violence alone have turned on the warning light bulb in everyone's mind?
"I'm going to send in the nurses so they can care for you, is that okay, Tony?" he says quietly glancing at his exhausted friend who probably didn't want anyone to come into contact with him, much less to be treated as an invalid who cannot do those things for himself, Bruce sees the frown forming on the side of his mouth but then Tony surprised him; he took a breath and closed his eyes and muttered a word of agreement.
"You… are a fucking idiot. You know that?" Rhodey wanted to smile reassuringly, instead, he felt something wet in the corners of his eyes and wiped them with his free hand, letting Tony squeeze the other. He was still breathing weirdly, the intubation in his nose was providing his air but he still tried breathing through his mouth and was having noticeable difficulty keeping a normal pace of that.
The body around him relaxed a bit, so Steve allowed himself then to slip back into his fantasy. His hands exploring the chest of his lover, teasing, twisting and then sucking on one of the nipples as his other hand once again made its way to the half limp cock his passionate thrusts didn't seem to quite rouse yet, he palmed and squeezed at it lightly before his thumb began teasing it a little as well, massaging the tip, running up and down its length in an increasing pace trying to bring pleasure through that sort of action as well as the fucking of the hot, tight hole, where he knew he was hitting the spot needed to send jolts of pleasure up his lover's spine, even if said man could not express his gratitude at the moment.
"Jim? Did you fall asleep in there?" Natasha's voice jerked him back into reality, and he turned to look at her. She was smiling wryly, her fingers softly tapping on the warm metal plating on his arm. She was good at hiding her concern, he almost couldn't spot it, if not for the Armor's sensors, he would not have noticed the tremble in her form.
His fist clenched as he fought down the green, monstrous rage bubbling in his gut. It would do no one, especially not Tony, any good if he were to lose his temper. It would be absolutely devastating, in fact.
And so she remained, watching the armor make micro movements each time someone passed by the door, it's blank eyes glowing red and its weapons at the ready, somehow it was comforting – knowing something was there to watch her back, even if it was not there for her at all. The fatigue of the last few days caught up with her, and she returned to her bed, soon lulled to sleep by the whirring of metal limbs on the other side of the room.
"I don't have any tools, don't have anything… I… I can use… to escape… I just…" he gulped down air and nearly choked, his throat felt constricted. "P-please…" Steve increased his volume the more Tony tried to talk, the more he coughed, the more he sobbed. His song started sounding angry, almost vicious, and his hand on Tony's waist tightened its grasp possessively in a way that made the air escape Tony's lungs faster than he could get it in. "Please… just… let me have just one thing, Steve. I promise I will stay, I promise…"
Tony cried as he came – not loudly, not screaming with pleasure. Just in small, helpless sobs. He continued murmuring his pleads, forgetting who it was that held him, forgetting who it was who got him to this state – and how dangerous it was to forget that.
"Of course, Doctor Banner. Which is why I am saving you time by shutting down any operation unnecessary for locating Sir and directing resources to essential queries instead." Jarvis voice was it's usual, British accented, even voice.
Someone of Tony's caliber of strength had no chance of even going through the wood plating. Not when he was healthy, certainly not when he was still recovering from several surgeries and was barely able to breathe well enough to walk around.
Tony nearly missed the sound of something clashing against the wall besides him while wallowing in piteous self-hatred, he did not, however, miss the chirping and clicking made by the thing that created the clash after getting shot out of the small ventilation chute at incredible speed, then hovered while barely keeping its battered form in the air in a jumpy circle around Tony's head, like a cartoon bird circling a disoriented character, which was a rather precise analogy, as it were.
His patience for such nonsense was long gone. "Cut the crap, Rushman." He said, mockingly using the name she used to infiltrate his company years before. It was all that was needed for her eyes to soften, and for her arms to envelope him in a loose, hesitant hug. He sighed. "Not too tight… I'm still not… not whole." He murmured.
"That's… it's to locate Steve, isn't it?" he sighed and pulled on his hair in frustration. "Jarvis, it won't do anything. Steve is out of the country."
The absurdity of the entire situation was beyond frustrating, and the man to blame for everything was lying still on the bed right in front of him, infuriatingly still and silent.
When Natasha entered the room she found Tony asleep. A nurse who sat in the room – noticeably large and even more noticeably bruised and bandaged – was going through his medical records and looked a bit bored, he accepted the offering of coffee and donuts graciously and told her he was on guard duty, making sure that Mr. Stark was not yet again triggered into another panic attack by the stubbornness of Captain America who refused to leave his side even as the man screamed that he wanted him gone and that Tony was currently under the influence of some very strong sedatives after having almost run away from his room in his panic several times during the night. He was not expected to wake up for at least a few more hours.
She thought of the past week, of meeting Steve in the hospital, talking to him and recognizing the love-sick puppy behavior that she didn't think was that weird, really, but now bugged her. It was excessive if not out of place for him to act that way. The constant need to be by Tony's side even to the point where he caused actual harm – at the time she thought it was protectiveness due to the nature of the attack, now… possessiveness came to mind as a more fitting word. A compulsive behavior fueled by obsession.
Ignoring the general's shouts, Tony watched as the beam's light died out, under it, Steve lay unconscious and unmoving, finally.
Tony recalled the mortified look on Bruce's face at his words, the calculation the man's mind was running as he attempted to come up with a scenario that would explain this – and hallucinations were the solution he finally was given. It sparked an argument between Bruce and Rhodey – who listened in on the conversation and did not want to believe Tony, yet did anyway. The conversation was heated and nearly sent Tony into another anxiety attack when the arguments began to rely more and more on his mental capacities after being assaulted – derailing his own train of thought into a path of thinking he was not particularly fond of-of him truly being insane. That lead to him well-nigh screaming that he
"I'm… fine." He breathed out weakly, looking around him. The workshop was in complete disarray, and Tony found himself wincing over the broken parts of prototypes he would never get to finish building. He put down the metal prosthetic on his desk, and it sat there – a grotesque sculpture that should never have been attached to a living human body at all. "Start running diagnostics, anything that can impact Barnes health needs to be sent to the foundation, you know the drill."
It was what he wanted. Not all of it – but coming close. The rest would come, sooner or later…
When Steve tried to sooth Tony by putting a hand on his shoulder and saying some comforting words, Tony's entire body pulled away from him at once, and his words turned from silent murmured intangible grumbles into cries of rejection. "Tony, you have to calm down." Steve tried more assertively, his hand found Tony's arm, and he pulled it back, which made Tony's voice go silent abruptly.
Even in Afghanistan the terrorists let him shave on his own and have that last bit of agency over himself, over his looks. Granted, it wasn't a kidnapping of the same kind, exactly. Steve needed him under a different kind of control, needed to break him in a different way. He needed to create a new Tony Stark who fitted what he wanted and for that the old Tony had to disappear, his identity and everything that contributed to it had to be erased.
"My teammate got hurt, Bruce. How am I supposed to react?" he asked with an exhale of pent-up air. "Tony didn't tell you anything?" Bruce almost got dizzy by the change of attitude that suddenly overtook Steve. His arms were no longer crossed and he was standing straighter, looking directly at Bruce.
The chase began to look hopeless, and the only one who didn't seem to let that take him down was Rhodey, who kept going out at every woke moment and kept looking.
An ultimately useless attempt. Wide-eyed and desperate, Tony clawed at the board, trying to find his grip again, but failing when  a second tug pulled him away from it, forcing him fully below the surface of the water, kicking and flailing his arms and trying to keep breathing where it was impossible to do so. No suit to salvage him from the situation, no familiar British voice to calmly break down the numbers or offer comfort in the face of the void.
Pain was a constant for the last few years. It comes with the job – not his day job, though listening to the board of directors' talk can cause quite the headache at times, and carelessness while working with high density lasers and other potentially deadly tools could be a cause of a considerable amounts of pain and wounds but… no, the worst pain he experienced came from his becoming "Iron Man".
Tony jumped a little at the last few words, meeting Bruce's eyes. His expression was, not exactly unreadable… but a turmoil of emotions that could not be distinguished.
So this? This fucked up situation? Jim knew Tony Stark, and he knew he will raise up and take it on and win. He knew that this anxiety attack and the pain – they would not break his friend. He would fight, and Jim-
find him, with or without their help - but it would be appreciated."
But not really. Rhodey knew. Tony wasn't stupid, wasn't trusting blindly in anyone who crossed his path. He just… didn't care. Being hurt by his own tech was just another Wednesday, getting betrayed by someone he trusted was routine by now. And he still… still did things like this. Still left himself no back doors, no escape routes. He still lay down and let people rip into his exposed, vulnerable heart just to get them to trust him, to validate and be able to forgive him for whatever was his crime in life from their perspective.
She found herself hoping that Steve was not inside, hoping she would not have to make a decision. If they found Tony, that'd be enough. If not…
While Steve was busy administering his Kiss of Death, Tony searched his mind for anything, literally any idea that would either wake him up from the nightmare or alert people outside of it what was happening. He knew most of the hospitals were getting a lot of tech from the medical engineering section of SI, and the Avengers – if not Rhodey, would know to take him to a hospital not using his own tech would earn them a bitching when he was better. He was sure even in an emergency, they would make an effort to surround him with his own tech.
"I… I c-can't, Steve… please, please I can't…" can't say it, it wasn't true. "I don't, I don't… Please…"
she got up, ignored Clint's voice when he called her from the couch after finally deciding to get up, and she walked away.
But, he couldn’t bring himself to step under the water.
Steve shifted his weight, clenched his fist, he observed Rhodes face for a moment or two. It was still wearing an expression of distinct distaste. "You know that's not what I meant, Jim." He said, his voice even and calm despite the ever-growing, burning wrath in his chest. "I am worried for his wellbeing, I want to be there for him so he and I– I…" a deep breath to cool himself down before he continued – "Not being able to be near him right now, when he needs me-
"Of course not, the program you installed wasn't meant for it-" he unhooked the cable as the metal sphere started emitting an orange-gold glow and floating a few feet above their heads.
"Jarvis… c-call… Rhodey…" He whispered as he absent-mindedly tried to make sense of the words spoken by the TV's newscaster. A serious misconduct within the ranks of the Avengers, no one knows where Captain America is, rumors of a violent confrontation.
Disappointment and contempt marred Steve's face, turning him from the content and hopeful man Tony used to cherish and worship to the monster he saw in his nightmare riddled sleep, and for a moment he worried – maybe he had grown tired of waiting for his ideal to come true, perhaps he would give up, now. What that meant for Tony? he didn't know, but the options weren't so numerous that Tony couldn't guess the spirit of the things Steve might do to him once he lost his patience, and fear of those actions stayed fresh and constant in his mind whenever he managed to focus it.
Steve nodded and turned to face him, putting himself in a better vantage point. He noted the stun guns, knives and ammunition on Sam's person and began to form his plan of escape in his mind. It was stupid of him to go so publicly into town, knowing the Avengers had means to find and track him within the city. He was caught in his blissed state and thoughts of Tony, and didn't realize that he was followed. He was not going to repeat the mistake.
He wanted to think it was an accident, he wanted to think Steve had tried for a gentler motion but lost control of his own strength… but as the pain spread across his cheek, and the tears that he thought had dried already sprouted again, he decided to stop trying to make up excuses. Instead, he acknowledged the peril he was in and decided to not take unnecessary risks, not to aggravate him any more than necessary.
Tony was shaking. He wasn't very cold – he thought, heat was actually gathering in the area of his lower stomach and groin where Steve's now gloveless hands made short waves of warmth spread from wherever they touched, consequently prompting Tony's helpless body to writhe in desperation under them. It was wrong, he didn't want this… he couldn't understand
When Bruce got to the room in a rush, getting into his lab coat and adjusting his glasses as he went to the ward and processed in the situation. For some reason, the machinery in Tony's room had not alerted him to the panic attack and that… he'd have to check that, later. At that moment he needed to see to Tony.
Steve wanted to do this for so long. He took in the sight of Tony writhing, gasping in his hands, moaning when he added a finger to the effort of stretching him enough. He didn't have lube on him, obviously, so he used spit hoping it's be enough for scissoring and expanding the elasticity of Tony's entrance. He leaned to kiss Tony's forehead, murmured an apology and a plead for tony to be patient, a promise that soon everything would be better, they would feel so good soon. Steve knew he was helping Tony right now, distracting him from the other pains plaguing his body with a bit of pleasure. Tony deserved that, at least.
It was frightening. Even when the man was sitting around calmly and talking at them with a familiar smile, there was something… not right all about him, about the way his body moved. It was still Steve – there was no denying that anymore. Clint wanted to be able to deny it, to think there was something else taking the place of the beloved hero or making him act the way he did, but he no longer could, not after seeing that face and hearing his words.
. And for that, he had to get rid of their meddling, misunderstanding friends.
As a soldier, he had some resentment towards the New-Yorker billionaire turned super hero who stopped providing soldiers with the equipment that could save their lives, he potentially created more 'Riley's just through his inaction. Just for what Sam thought to be an elaborate publicity stunt by a rich, white man who could not see beyond the rim of his champagne tube.
Tony's body, which was until that moment still as a stone, twitched in his arms. Rhodey perked up and stared as Tony's eyelids fluttered, he whispered his name once, stroking his hand down Tony's nape and his shoulder, comforting. "it's ok, all good… save your strength princess." He said with a smile when Tony opened his eyes, his breathing picked up a faster pace. For whatever reason, he became distressed by the sight of Rhodey's face, and he couldn't help but feel a little bit insulted. "It's me, Tones. Couldn't let you die and leave me and Pepper behind to handle all your shit, could I? It's ok, you're safe… it's ok…"
After finishing that up, he started walking around the lab to pick up and place back everything he handled roughly hours before, he got the food he ordered the day before and ate while watching Star Wars episode IV, his and Tony's arguable favorite. He finally fell asleep on the sofa near the ending of the movie while replaying in his mind moronic, nerdy arguments about the movie made by his and Tony's younger selves.
"Shall I prepare one of the Hulk-caves for your arrival, Doctor Banner?" the A.I. asked in a kindly tone, using Tony's name for the safe rooms they designed for the hulk. Bruce clenched his teeth and shook his head.
"-Since the Invasion two weeks ago, Tony Stark, the former CEO and current head of R&D at Stark Industries but also, and some might say more importantly – the Avenger known as Iron Man, has been hospitalized with severe injuries and, it seems, a serious case of post-traumatic stress. Eyewitnesses who were at the hospital for the duration of his stay there tell us that Stark often woke up screaming in the middle of the night several times during his stay. It also appears that sometime during his stay, Stark had grown extremely paranoid, and had a bodyguard in an Iron man armor guard his room. You know what they say – just because you are paranoid doesn't mean there isn't someone out to get you, and Mr. Stark have all but proven the saying by disappearing mysteriously, allegedly taken by an unknown—"
Tony tried to keep himself from falling into panic again, reached to a different mindset - not of fear but of anger instead. If he could keep calm and talk his way out of this, he could reach the next Avenger who came into the room and tell them… try to hope they believe him. He just needed to get through this.
As he stepped out of the room, walking slowly and glancing back at the pair – Bruce with his hand resting on Tony's back as he buried his head between the folds of Bruce's coat – Steve felt a familiar pang of jealousy, the same he felt when he heard Howard and Peggy talk about 'Fondue' back in the day, the suggestion of which made him clench his jaw and retreat despite his desire to do anything but. The same feeling every time he saw Bucky with a dame on each arm, requiring his attention. Different from what he felt when he looked at men putting on the uniform, a different kind of jealousy.
"None taken, Colonel." The A.I replied in his ear, speaking through the headphone, "The computer systems controlling this place are ran on a separate system array, unfortunately. I will not be able to shut down the defenses."
JARVIS was silent for a long moment. "Understood, Colonel. I do not require further information. Your room is ready. May I suggest you enjoy a soak in Sir's private bathtub?"
"Hey, Jarv…," he said, pressing a button on his ear piece, "who has permission to use your override codes currently?" he bit his tongue as he waited for the dreaded answer, his mind rushing through different scenarios of what else could it be, who else could have done this. He listed Tony's adversaries, tried to find one who had not been in jail right now and had the strength to pick apart the metal suits and turn them into a pile of scraps in under 30 minutes.
It was also unapproachable, surrounded by hidden weapons and alarm triggers. They spent two days just scouring the area, finding the location and trying to find a flaw in the design. There wasn't one.
"Welcome, Colonel Rhodes." The familiar voice of the A.I. greeted him, and Rhodey smiled softly. "May I assume you will be spending the night with us, Colonel?"
, Steve… I need to breath."
"I didn't want this to happen this way." The growl of Steve's voice caused a jolt in Tony's rigid body, even if he couldn’t quite comprehend what it was that Steve said… the tone of it was cold and hot and terrifying and all at the same time, suddenly his hands on Tony's body turned rougher in their brushes against his bruised skin, pulling away at scorched and torn pieces of what remained of his under-suit. "I thought there would be time, Tony. I thought I'd be able to woo you before I did this, that there will always be a better time…" the strain in his words was obvious even to a dying man's unfocused mind, but it was not wavering or shaky at all. The words were scrambled, the determination and meaning behind them were not.
"Hi, everyone." He started, hesitation sneaking into his voice as he felt his legs shiver under him. His eyes searched the audience, searching for a pair of blue, icy eyes. He breathed in and smiled shakily. This used to come so naturally to him. He came back from three months captivity in a cave and came back directly into one of these to announce the thing that started the sharp turn of fate he'd taken upon himself–
He didn't have to wait much longer before the wooden panel moved aside and revealed the actual entrance of the building. Stepping inside, Steve's eyes squinted to adjust to the darkness as the door closed behind him with a soft, metallic thud. He'd expected, hoped even, that Tony would be awake by now, trying to piece together a plan of escape. Instead – he found him laid out on the floor, his eyes drooped and flattering between open and closed in exhaustion. The cast on one of his hands was cracked which probably meant he put some extreme pressure on it while trying to escape, and had tired himself out. it
Before anyone could answer Clint's inquiry, a bark of laughter caused them all - except Natasha - to startle. Looking around they found Rhodes standing by the elevator door, a duffle bag slung over his shoulder where his uninjured hand could hold and support it. His nose was noticeably broken and he had a long, jagged cut on his brow, and the black eye he sported also wasn't the prettiest image, the look on his face made even Thor flinch a little.
"Steve, I think Tony and I need to talk privately for a few moments."
you, the manipulative piece of trash did all those things to you and then he says he loves you." Rhodey flexed his un-injured hand, his eyes turned to Tony then, uncertain, and Tony thought he wanted to ask if he maybe loved Rogers back, fear was found in the way his mouth was set, and the crinkles around his eyes and Tony felt something inside him break because he couldn't say for sure that he didn't.
(See the end of the chapter for
Moments after Clint left the room, Tony woke up. As before, the machines started beeping loudly before the man had shaken the influence of drugs completely away, broadcasting the sudden spike of his vitals to all who inhabited the room. Rhodey's head snapped back into complete awareness the moment it started, and was leaning over Tony before Bruce got a chance to come close enough and tell him otherwise. He had to be the first face Tony saw when he woke up, he handled this before – he knew how Tony would react to being in an unfamiliar environment, a hospital – no less. He'd been in this situation more times than he cared for, Afghanistan just the most recent.
being held in a cave in the far past, head shoved into a tub of freezing water and hands struggling to keep hold of the battery keeping him alive, but in an otherwise very dangerous situation in the present.
Pepper called around noon, snapping Tony out of his nearly trance-like state working on the plans for the new suit. She wasn’t angry, per se, annoyed and worried was more like it, and perhaps a little more than usual.
Tony's struggle ceased, but his erratic breath and little sobs had not. Steve felt his shirt strain and crumple where Tony grabbed at it when he lifted him in his arms, one hand supporting his back and head and another propped underneath his thighs. He was behaving well, considering his manners the past week.
of three days without a wash, and that Tony would probably want him to take a relaxing shower and eat a burger and get some sleep, also – someone needed to talk to Pepper, reassure the bots their creator was okay. Steve would take care of Tony, Natasha and Bruce were there. War Machine was not needed.
Tony wasn't in a mood for much small talk, as soon as he acknowledged everyone with a new fitting nickname and a weak quip, he asked what happened after he left the fight, and his mask slipped away as fast as it came on.
Tony whimpered softly when Steve finally pulled away his fingers, there was a slight pink tinge on them, and Steve thought that might be telling of internal bleeding from the man's crash. Then he noticed the tears running down his team-mate's face. "Oh, baby… Tony…" he let his hand brush against Tony's bruised cheek, wiping away the blood and tears as he leaned in, he knew kissing Tony while the man could barely breath was really not such a good idea if he hoped to still be able to save him… but he… didn't, actually. He wanted to, wished he could ignore the sight right in front of his eyes and believe that it was salvageable. Tony used to joke that Steve was a helpless optimist, that he'd believe in a good ending and a better way no matter how grim the odds actually were – but that was false. Steve couldn't see a future where he could get his Tony back the way he was before. The thought made him freeze for a mere second before he joined his lips with Tony's. He wished the man he was kissing would not survive, that he would die.
I'll have to admit to being conflicted right now."
It didn't seem worth it at all.
A heart attack qualified as an emergency, of course. But…
That was why he went to the tower then, thinking about the room Tony arranged for him to have – too luxurious, and also full of so much nostalgia junk Rhodey was never able to actually sleep in there. Tony made a special effort to fill the closet with every piece of MIT related clothing he could purchase after Rhodey mentioned – just once – that Tony had stolen his sweater and never gave it back. The little jerk.
The pictures of the fight that had taken place were a blurry mess, and it was almost impossible to see the human participant in it. The fact that they were wearing a cowl wasn't helping much either. After the armors were down, he made a special effort at tearing them down before heading to the bed where Tony was somehow, unnaturally sleeping still, and worked on slowly and delicately unhooking and detaching every piece of medical equipment, before thrashing those as well.
"It's him." She supplied as Rhodey sat through it, watching the pictures change like an extremely slow, excruciating movie. "I worked with Steve undercover - he is very bad at it… changing his posture, his mannerisms. Someone else would not recognize it, maybe. But I am a professional. It's him."
Natasha sneaked another look at Rhodes and found him glaring right at them. His look unsettled her, the condemnation in his eyes burrowing a hole into her, telling her how, again, she had failed to choose the right side, the good side. "Would you let up if your best friend was in that situation?" she questioned, and Sam averted his eyes from her, shaking his head. He kept quiet otherwise.
Poor Tony still thinks it was just a dream, but I think the disbelief is starting to unravel.
Stark industries were in trouble, the board was trying to push Pepper out from her position, now that he was gone. It was an opportunity for them – Pepper was now the only person in a powerful enough position to maintain the strict "No-Weapons" policies he put in place, she was citing his wants as cause to continue in the line of clean energy, medical technology, prosthesis and research for the betterment of the world, but without producing his actual will, they had to take only her word for it. And it stopped being enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
The short respites they got whenever Rhodey came back from his outings just to rest a few minutes so he could function during his next outing were a blessing, and they all relished in it despite the side-dish of shame that was served alongside it.
"It's not intruding; Tony would be happy to get even more attention."
She kept quiet for a moment, perhaps trying to regain her composure. "You chose the worst time to come back from the dead. He will come after you again."
"Jarvis, give me five more minutes, then open the door." He whispered into his communication device, then, after a few moments he added "I'm sorry."
Tony was not going to just sit still and wait for that to happen. He wasn't going to stay inside, punishing and condemning himself and the people close to him to a life of fear –
He listened to Rhodey's rasped breathes from across the room, the only distinguishable noise in the mess of medical equipment beeping and the TV's white noise that filled the space. Helplessness was becoming a feeling he was too familiar with, the inability to stop harm from coming to his loved ones and being the one actively causing grief to others was the legacy he was leaving behind, never able to change it. Now it was tainted further, and the only man who dared to believe him on the cause of the taint had gotten hurt, and could not even bear looking at him now.
"Fine. Fine." Rhodey sighed. "Just… you know I'm here for you, even if I'm far, I am here."
He found himself sitting on the floor, surrounded by schematics and broken prototypes. Butterfingers chirped at him from the table and he had to wipe more tears as he waded through the papers to find something he could fix. He was not as smart as Tony, and maybe did not understand some of the more Sci-Fi things the man created, but he knew enough engineering to fix a prototype, he was a rocket scientist for Christ sake.
Listen to whales singing underwater for the full experience! https://youtu.be/nDqP7kcr-sc
Awful as he knew the desire to act on his dreams actually was, Steve nonetheless worked his hands to remove dented plates of armor that constricted his access to what he wanted, throwing them aside and ignoring the way tony winced at the sound of metals ringing against one another. The man breathed in a shallow snuffle and his lips moved without making a sound, he didn't seem to comprehend the situation yet, Steve wasn't sure if he'd be able to anymore.
Rhodey had a beef to settle with Captain America. He didn't like what Bruce had told him about Steve refusing to leave the room even when Tony made clear it was what he wanted, he didn't like the sort of possessiveness he recognized in those actions. He understood the need to be by Tony's side – he felt it every moment of the day, but more important were Tony's well-being and his wishes – if Tony had wanted him to go away, or If his presence created a harmful reaction Rhodey would have flown out of the country for his friend's sake, and not come back until he was cleared to.
After minutes or hours, Tony lifted his head and called Rhodey, who took a few seconds more on the sofa before groaning into it and murmuring something inaudible. "Come on, Sourpatch… you need someone to take a look at your hand." He said, wincing a little as his mind conjured twelve different scenarios for how Rhodey's hand ended up like it did, "I want my Honeybear whole and healthy, and you can't use War-machine with your hand like that, it would fuck up the sensors-"
Steve didn't pause for a moment, his hands finding his chest. "You like it."
The struggle was almost over.
Tony didn't even see how beautiful he looked without the tangled mess of facial hair; he didn't even give it a chance. The sheer
Instead, Steve's weight lifted off the bed, his body heat dissipating around Tony's form as he stood up, leaving him shaking from the cold. Tony was not able to see the expression on his face, and neither did he want to.
A weight was lifted from his chest, then air assaulted his lungs. Too much, it caused him to cough and splutter when blood flooded his mouth and throat and it was worse than getting no air at all because now he was drowning in his own blood, but it didn't matter because he was going to die anyway so why was the sensation of drowning so much worse than simply not breathing? Why was it such torture when before he felt so
Clint had his mind wrapped and taken over, he saw others under the effects of mind-control and brainwash and this wasn't it. Steve have not changed, only their perception of him have.
Sam snuck a peak at the man who was walking beside him. Colonel Rhodes was solemn and quiet, his head turned down in worry, despite his several attempts at making regular conversation every few minutes, always ending with a curse that would be scandalizing to hear if the man had his uniform on – which he hadn't, thankfully, because Sam was already nervous enough to accidentally salute Rhodes when they met at the tower the first time. It was one of the more embarrassing moments during the integration into the group's ranks, where Rhodes and Sam were actually on equal footing. He just knew Clint would never let it go. The Colonel had a good sense of humor as well and joined the teasing not an hour later.
Steve was still there, still glaring at him with a kind of thrill in his eyes Tony recognized – to add much to his current state of horror – from seeing just the same expression when Steve had held him down and touched him in all the wrong places as he was dying. This was a dream, before was a dream too, wasn't it? Steve wouldn't…
When he returned to the room, Tony was laying on his stomach instead of on his back like Steve left him, his hand clutching the sheet with what little strength he had. He was still dry heaving, but the coughing had stopped, and his panic seemed to have subsided. Under him, the sheets were crumpled and wet with sweat and… other bodily fluids. As he came closer Steve noticed the distressed sounds Tony produced – little sobs of shame, he presumed.
Tony hissed in pain when Steve pressed a piece of the fabric that had once been his under-suit against the worst wound, applying pressure to it to weaken the bleeding. Maybe if he could save him this would not be necessary, they could go back to normal, rebuild the team, the city, start an actual relationship. Maybe it could work after all.
Tony must have told Rhodes to deliver the news to Steve, because the glare he gave him had no sort of compassion or sympathy in them towards him.
The Tower was empty and dark, the Avengers were only living there on and off and it seemed like most of them were out there helping or at the hospital with Tony. Rhodey was forbidden from both by Banner, and he knew it would not be responsible to try and fly his suit after not sleeping for two days. With War machine, the risk of causing damage was a lot more present, as JARVIS was not installed in the suit.
"Put in the most advanced anti-biological warfare tech available into the ventilation systems… made sure the chutes were too small for humans…" he recounted, "didn't… take tiny toy robots into account though…" he barked out a laugh, recognizing how ridiculous the situation was. It was still helpless – nothing could help him get out of that room, even if he took the robot apart for parts there would be nothing he could do with them as he had no access to the facility systems, and the simple toy barely had an operating system installed on it. It was basically worthless.
"You come near the tower – near Stark, and I'll bash your head in with your own fucking shield, man." He said, and left, shutting the door just a bit too harshly behind him.
On the phone screen, a similar myriad of words appeared, along with what looked like a message from Tony himself.
"When are you letting me out of here, Bruce?" he asked the next time the Doctor came into the room, and was met with silence again. "You can't just keep me in a cage, Tony would've told you – the world –"
His eyes closed but he was not asleep as far as Steve could tell. Instead, it seemed that he was experiencing one of the panic attacks Bruce had talked about at the hospital.
"Who are you?" she asked, her voice cold, emotionless. "You do a good impression, but-"
In his disapproval of the Colonel's choice of words, Steve pursed his lips and crossed his arms across his chest. "I am here because I am worried about Tony." he said, slowly punctuation the phrase without lifting his gaze from the spot where Rhodes stood, "I am here for his sake, and for the team's sake. He is going to have to be able to see me if he ever hopes to go back to be an Avenger." And if he ever hopes to build a relationship. "he needs to contend with his panic or he will never function again."
His suit was in pieces - broken, completely shattered under the enormous weight of rubble, covered in gore, blood and dust, moreover, some of the parts left of the broken metal suit jammed themselves into his skin and flesh along shards of dirty glass.
The way he felt, then, when he saw Bruce comforting Tony, was less envy and more… a grudge - maybe - of some sort.
Steve had turned him into an addict, and Tony - who didn't want the pain and was too much of a coward to just let himself die, allowed him to do so.
His shortness and breath refused to go away, as did the paleness and blueness of his skin, his hands were still clutching at his chest. He turned his back further towards Steve, his breathing heavier. "A-aspirin… m-my chest-…" his voice was weak and choppy "P-p-p… please…"
Rhodey knew bonding with JARVIS was a good way to annoy Tony back, though he wasn't sure which of them was stealing the other from giving Tony their full attention. Probably both.
Back to the shout. It sounded familiar, it certainly did not belong to a man, so it wasn't Steve's voice. But Tony couldn't fathom where he'd heard the voice before then, and was baffled by its existence. His curiosity was what compelled him to eventually abandon the rare comfort and warmth that surrounded him and struggle to get up on his knees, blinking away the remains of sleep from his eyes. He wanted to stay where he was, just wallow in the comforts and warmth of the blankets and forget whatever nightmare had caused him to wake up, but then he heard another shout, and then he recognized the voice.
The only reason they knew what direction to look in, was because once Jarvis told them which project Steve had requested scrubbed off the servers before he kidnapped Tony, Sam recalled its name and the details Steve had shared about it, for the unlikely case any of them could subdue the Winter Soldier and get him there.
"Rhodey is going to kill me…" he half-chuckled, half-whimpered, "I did it… Jarvis, I… I did it."
He knew such a wish was moot.
He was fine.
Tony murmured something under his breath that Steve pretended not to hear because Tony wouldn't say that he hated Steve, and he wouldn't mean it, certainly. It was the other was around.
Steve looked at him for the longest time. It was… disheartening. The sight of Tony Stark, the Iron Man helmet torn to reveal his bruised face and the rest of the suit, no, the rest of the death trap the man had cocooned himself within crushed and broken and tearing into his flesh. Reminders of the genius barely visible under blood and filth. So many of his bones must have fractured in the crash so… even if help did come, even if someone could get all the rubble out of the way and even if there was a functioning hospital still standing… what good would any of that do? What could even remain of Tony, after this was done?
They were slow and calm, and the rhythm of them was enough to daze his mind and make his body slack. He knew what would come next, but didn't struggle anymore.
"So we can't just easily hack our way in, then. Uh. It's okay." Rhodey breathed in, panic settling in the pit of his stomach. He'd hoped Tony had left some kind of a back door, a line of code just subtly not completely perfect, just enough for Jarvis to exploit and get in. but it was useless if Jarvis had no access at all.
He let the other man manipulate his body – pull him and lay him down where it would be easier for Steve to spoon him while he breathed. It was a methodic way of creating an emotional dependency – Steve was linking the relief for the pain in his chest to the warmth of their bodies snuggly fitting against each other. And… yeah, well. It was working. The tension in Tony's body relaxed at the touch of Steve's skin against him, something in his subconscious recognizing it as a sign that soon it will get what it needs in order to survive.
. Because if this was real, then all that came before was too. It wasn't just his head playing tricks on him… he preferred that it would be, he hoped to be proven wrong, for once in his life. Just about this, just about Steve.
He nearly forgot how much he loved the sounds machines made.
"Yeah, we know. We see you sporting it every day like a champ." Sam said dryly, unsmiling when Clint shot him a dagger-sharp glare.
Then, as sudden as it began, it stopped.
It wasn't
Bruce came by a few times, he never spoke to him, and as Steve would ask after Natasha and Clint, or comment on the greenish hue of his skin as he drew Steve's blood and jotted down notes, he always got the same reaction – a sharp look, tinted radioactive green, and silence. The rest of the team never appeared, not even Sam or Natasha, though perhaps she was a given, considering their last encounter.
The ex-Avenger has apparently focused his efforts on diplomacy overseas, where he used his influence and commanding expertise to consult foreign governments on bringing in Hydra Cells currently operating on their turf. Rhodes found Bucky in Budapest, recognized him and managed to get him back to the US safely and under the military's and the press's noses.
Sam still didn't look at him as he turned to leave the room, but still Steve managed to see the anger in his gestures perfectly, the tension in his muscles as he held himself from confronting Steve or even answering him properly. The man stopped just before leaving the room and took in a deep breath.
First, it could be a malfunction. A glitch. Rhodey was sure, about 99.9% sure to be exact that it wasn't that. Jarvis was in charge of so many of Tony's assets and facilities and had so many backups ready to replace him if anything was wrong, that such disparity in time without any alert was simply not possible.
amazing.
But Tony instead placed the razor against his own neck, at an angle and position that threatened to cut him in a dangerous, and perhaps even fatal manner.
Tony's entire body trembled now, his breathing hitched and he gasped for air, his lips parted a little. His fingers tightened around the razor's handle. "I am not... You… are not." he swallowed and blinked his eyes several times in a rapid pace, taking in another broken breath. "I don't want… I didn't
He only stopped threatening her when Tony shook his head at him, telling him this was not worth the effort.
"Yeah, well. I couldn't really figure out what it was for after I built it so…" he watched as Tony quickly reassembled the little sphere and hooked it on to the StarkPad with a cable he cannibalized from another prototype all while typing on the workstation's keyboard furiously. For the first time since Rhodey last saw him Tony's face had lit up and the tension left his shoulders and back.
"Say you love me, Tony." Steve's voice was harsh, "Say you liked this, you know you did. Say it."
Steve had gotten similar lectures from all the other Avengers as they all came to his cell to threaten him hours before his release. He received their verbal abuse quietly, knowing it held no merit. And as for Tony? Obviously, none of them knew him very well. It was clear to Steve, at the very least, that very soon he will get to see him again. Tony was not going to be able to stay away.
It was like they never left, soft and comforting in the back of his mind, singing a harmonious tune that called for him. He belonged with them now, he belonged to them, and he knew that he carried them inside him now as a reminder of what he was; What he would be. The whales sang, lulling away the hint of panic that his mind tried to generate about the intrusion.
Rhodey turned to look at Tony again. "Hey, chief." He said as he leaned against the bed rail, giving Tony a smile he didn't feel truly belonged on his face at the moment.
Steve stood stunned for a moment, looking at Bruce, then at the rest of the team who became joyous at the news. Joyous. How could they? He jolted when Barton clapped his shoulder and grinned widely at him, prompting him to give back a small smile. They didn't know. They didn't know that what remained of Tony Stark died, even if his body survived. Steve knew the truth – Tony would never be the same. All the surgeries in the world couldn't fix a body that broken, a soul that tired. They didn't know.
Bruce's eyes softened a bit, and Natasha nodded at him. "It wasn't your fault, Clint".
"You will, you already do."
Back at the crash site Steve was able to visualize Tony as he was before he got hurt, and he'd hoped he could keep that image in his mind after the man was gone. However – Tony lived, and now he had to watch him in this form. A pale and poor version of Tony Stark, one that did not deserve the name, did not accommodate it properly. It was simply wrong.
The door closed shut behind Clint moments before Natasha could join him, he heard her frustrated shout from beyond the mechanized steel, just before the thud that told him of the fight still going on in the other room rattled the walls.
Different people with different viewpoints and different amounts of knowledge about how it had happened often also had different opinions as to when he "turned" into the superhero. Those who knew no better thought it was at the moment he said the words – other believed it was when he donned the armor for the first time.
"I believe the term you are looking for is 'Taking necessary precautions', Sir." The AI replied, and Tony chuckled.
"No, Please Bruce…" he whispered and looked up, "I can't… I won't go back to sleep. Please don't make me." His voice, while still strained and shrill, was rather steady. His hands were fumbling with the thin sheet covering his body. "I just… I feel like I'm going crazy, I should stay awake. I can't sleep all of the time, right? I need to do something. I'll get Pepper to bring me some tools and blueprints from R&D and do that. Nothing heavy…" he mumbled under his breath, Bruce could barely keep up with the pace of his words. "Just keep the mind working, I have so many ideas and I am stuck here so I might as well be useful right? Bruce? Right?"
it. But someone has to. "We have to find Steve." She says, quietly, "We have to locate him, if there's even the slightest…" she bites her lips when she feels several more eyes on her, sees the hurt in Sam's eyes, the betrayal in everyone else's.
"P-… Platypus…" Rhodey didn't even realize his eyes were closed when the creasing of his face eased at the sound of Tony's voice, "You shouldn't squeeze on my hand t-that hard, it was just barely put back together, you know…" Rhodey stared, his mouth agape at seeing his friend laying, now lax and seemingly calm on the hospital bed, ogling at him with those big, brown – almost too expressive eyes that could melt his anger or indifference without a blink, and were always so full of regret and pain and now a hundredfold more so.
"I'll tell you what, Tony counts anyone who has ever got him a good pizza in his circle of friends. He has about three hundred different delivery boys on a mailing list. You could try that." It was a joke, though Rhodey would not be surprised if Tony really did have a scholarship fund set up for poor students he met by the means of take-out delivery.
Tony threw the piece of tech at the screen, it bounced off it without causing damage to the glass and the commentator kept of spewing nonsense uninterrupted, "
"Not that I don't understand the urge, but Honey, what the fuck possessed you to punch Rogers?" Tony whispered as he held Rhodey's un-bandaged hand between his fingers as a cut on his brow was being glued shut, "While you are a very talented, strong, macho man, you are still a squishy human outside the War-Machine armor… Rogers is a super soldier… you… he could have killed you with one punch…" Tony realized he was sobbing more than talking then, and he stopped. Only looking at Rhodey pleadingly. He lost his dignity and humanity, he couldn't lose him too.
Steve found that sort of dishonesty stomach-turning. And yet…
This one is a bit of a filler?
Steve kept quiet for a moment. "You did this morning and yesterday. And it's not like you had much privacy with the nurses at the hospital."
Before he felt it towards his closest friends, even when they interacted with each other there was some kind of need on his part – for their attention to be him. Their trust to belong with him, their loyalty…
Tony flinched when he kneeled next to him and put his hand on the man's back, gasped a little when he stroked it comfortingly. "I'm sorry, Tony… I didn't mean to hurt you." He did, otherwise it wouldn't have happened. Steve obviously had much better control of his emotions than Tony did, he did not just lose his temper because of some petty manipulation. "I am sure you didn't mean what you said, either. We both know how I feel about it, about Bucky. He is suffering enough without you using him to hurt me for the sake of your delusions."
"You can't keep him detained any longer. This is an undebatable fact." The tower's conference room had not seen light nor a decent cleaning for some months. But it was not that fact that made the air in it dense and almost unbreathable, rather, it was the heavy and disturbing presence of General Ross and his henchmen, who stood by his sides like sentinel golems. Natasha stood, her lean against the glass of the giant window stiff and her recently de-casted arm tucked securely behind her back, she closed her eyes as he mentioned lawyers, courts, the constitution and the people's needs one after the other, as if any of that changed anything about what happened, about what Steve has done or what he deserved for it. "It's been three months, your team is no longer a reliable force of protection against threats since most of your best fighters are gone doing who knows what, and one of them you keep in a cell!" Ross fumed, his face turning red as he exchanged meaningful looks with one of his minions, who nodded and left the room, "We have Hydra and the Ten Rings messing with delicate operations around the world. Iron man and Iron Patriot dropped off the map, the Avengers can't function on the merit of three light-weight fighters and one unreliable monster and no leadership whatsoever! We need Captain America to come back."
He still had to call Pepper, tell her and Happy what was going on. Get Tony's closest friends closer to him. There were so many things to do, to arrange. Tony was… Rhodey breathed in sharply and raised a hand to his temple. Tony was raped. And Rhodey, with all of his experience as a commanding officer in the military, his familiarity with sexual violence in that environment and the protocols of handling such within a military unit – had no idea what to do.
"You do know Tony doesn't actually need you to be there when he is getting a sponge bath, right?" she said, turning her body halfway to him, and then frowned when he grimaced again at her words.
Tony watched them leaving. Then, he collapsed, his trembling legs no longer strong enough to carry him. The floor was peppered with bits of broken glass, and the air smelling scorched and slightly like Steve.
it took a long time, and I'm really really excited about this happening
"Okay," he smiled, "That went smoothly, didn't it? Wait until you hear the next one."
It was a dream, just a dream. He knew that – but everything was too real. Steve was too real – and yet he just stood there and watched him like an eagle, ready to plunge in on the carcass that remained after he finally let out his final breath. Steve wouldn't, couldn't really be this way – Tony knew that. So this must have been a dream, it must have been…
"Barnes was lucky it was Rhodey who found him." He replied, his voice gaining volume and stability as he turned his back to Steve, keeping only an eye on the super soldier, "Anyone else, and he would have been detained…" slowly stepping away from the desk, Tony made his way to one of the cabinets on the opposite wall, attempting pointlessly to ignore the sound of Steve's steps right behind him, keeping the exact same distance between the two of them.
"Ah, no, no. I'm sorry." Steve buried his face in the palm of his hand. "It's been a long day, I'm a bit tired. That's all."
Sam never paid much attention to the news, especially gossip. So the picture from the scraps he did get was a self-centered man with a superiority complex who passed his obligations over to other people so he could go play a dangerous game of superhero-ing and made impulse decisions without considering who he hurt in the process.
a lot of love to NerdCat who Beta'd and made this readable!!
Tony didn't sleep the entire night.
He didn't answer Steve, knowing his words could only serve to make the man even more aggressive. Instead he closed his eyes and breathed deeply in an attempt to relax his body. Maybe- maybe if it was someone else, anyone else, he could rationalize this too. He could make himself believe that he'd wanted this too.
"I'm going to buy us… like, a hundred pizzas." He declared as he stood up. "This hospital food is disgusting, Bruce." He said when the man's condemning look stuck to him, "Rhodey probably hadn't eaten all day, and I…" he bit his lip and closed his eyes, "I need to do something. I can’t be useless right now."
"It doesn't change anything, does it?" Clint said then, hands tightening on one of his arrows that he held in his hand through the conversation. "Just because he was there doesn't mean he could have stopped it from happening, and…" he paused, "Wait, you don't think…?"
It was a good diversion as the other Avengers - the human, unarmored ones - stalked their way around that battlefield.  If Steve knew they were there, there was no sign to show it. No alarms blaring -though it was quite possible that the deafening noise of things going 'boom' in the forest could have already alerted him. It didn't matter much, anyway. The place was small enough for them to keep a tight watch on, and there didn't seem to be hidden exits anywhere around. They checked any suspicious looking rock and bunny-hole – metal detectors, scans by Jarvis, and just plain old digging around to see if they find a hidden door all proved useless in the end.
"Version check please." He muttered, watching as the sphere opened to reveal a small, cracked screen. It blinked a few times before finally lighting up and showing him the data on the chipset Rhodey had used, he surveyed it shortly while ignoring his budding headache. As he thought, the little Sphere was way too low tech to be able to do anything even if it could connect to the house systems, which Tony knew would have been extremely difficult, unless it had very precise directions. He breathed in and swallowed down the sob that formed in his throat. "Hey buddy…"
Maybe NOW they'll believe him, hmm?
Also, second week of the semester, so much work, I'm dying. doing the best I can to bring you more chapters soon though so don't give up on me! :))
It took a while. Rhodes insisted Tony needed him there – what if he woke up with another anxiety attack? What if one of his too many enemies decided to take advantage of the situation? His voice was laced with sleep-depraved paranoia. Bruce told him he would be no help to the man if he got hospitalized due to exhaustion, and Steve interjected harshly that the man
I recommend listening to some Whales singing while you read: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=savCAd6RyPI
Now, as they were nearing the hospital, Sam was having second thoughts.
Sam handed Happy the pizza, and without another look at any of them - left the room.
In fact, most of the group were already half convinced that this had long ago turned into a hunt after Rogers alone, and that any hope of bringing Tony back
Tony looked around him and saw his company's logo plastered over crates, dozens of them – all full of weapons he himself created, he himself designed. He saw those weapons and he saw the men who wielded them, he saw the people who died when they rained down on their heads or shot straight at them point blank and no pain that he ever felt before or after that moment could compare.
He watched as the pharmacy closed, let the manager and the last workers get on a bus home before he pulled the front door off its hinges.
Tony, still silent, his eyes still wandering and unfocused, took the pills he allotted him without a complaint and drank the water he brought for him to wash them down, he didn't try to push Steve off when he leaned to kiss his cheek – so he went further, tasting the bitterness on his lips and inhaling his scent drunkenly. He delighted in the lack of resistance, in the pliant and soft attitude Tony adopted, a sure sign that he finally began to understand, or that he was really sorry for his words, or both – perhaps. Steve allowed himself to hope.
He bit his lip, maybe having Pepper over would be a good thing, maybe she could help make some sense of the dreams and-
"We can only hope. Steve doesn't deserve to be treated like he is some kind of a sexual predator." Clint said, stretching his arms above his head and closing his eyes, "the whole situation just makes him look like someone kicked a puppy in front of his eyes for a good ninety percent of the day. It's not a nice look."
(See the end of the chapter for
With Tony, his relationship had always been weird. When Steve came out of the ice and was briefed on his future teammates, he was so happy to find out Howard had settled down and had a son who would too provide consulting to whatever team he would end up on. He was then less pleased to find out that said son had all but run his father's legacy to the ground with a frivolous, spoiled lifestyle. Sure – Howard was not much better with his own social life back in the day, drinking and sleeping around, flirting with everything that moved – but he also provided the troops with weapons and protection and had not shut everything down to feed his own ego, as Tony did when he started out as Iron Man.
He doesn't want to hear it, none of them does, she doesn't particularly want to
- sat in his dash pocket for an emergency, he preferred not to use it in front of all those people.
"You know it would've happened anyway." Steve finally said, again coming closer with intent to touch Tony, who at that point wanted nothing less than being touched by the man ever again and tried making that fact very evident in the expression of his face, "I would have had you even if you weren't dying, Tony, it wasn't done just out of pity. I know you are worried that it was… in a way, a parting gift for a dying man, but I would have done it either way. I really do love you. And you love me too."
"But it is. I can understand why he would not want Steve to come in – I don't think it's the right way to handle it, but I see why he prefers that… but the rest of us? does he blame us too?" Clint's eyes shut close for a second as he breathes in, hands forming fists as he tried to remind himself the mantra Natasha recited to him the day before, same as he did for her through the years – there wasn't anything he could do, it wasn't his fault. It was hard to believe that it mattered at all If Tony thought it was.
"Nat, come on, it’s Steve we're talking about." She turns in surprise to face Bruce, and he shakes his head grimly. "Locating Steve is a waste of resources we should be spending on finding Tony as fast as possible. Clint was right, earlier, any enhanced person with malicious intent could have been the one to do this. It could be someone with a semblance of Steve – or impersonating Steve - that registered in Tony's subconscious as the real deal, that is a viable explanation to his dreams and hallucinations. It would also explain why that person managed to get past three suits of armor equipped with Jarvis' face recognition software – Tony was obsessed with protecting himself from Steve, so that's who the suits looked out for." He breathed in and turned his eyes. "We can't let this tear us apart, we have to believe the best of our team-mates, what sort of team would we be otherwise?"
"That's not efficient if you close down every single one I open!" Bruce hit the table with his fist, feeling the strain of the hulk fighting to come out and tear the thing apart through his body, and once again – suppressed it.
Everyone knew that it couldn't be Steve Rogers who had done it to him. Everyone knew that if the DNA they found in him matched the Super Soldier, it meant that he was coerced to do it by an unknown force, everyone knew that Steve would never do such a thing willingly, would never hurt him voluntarily. It was easier to know that Tony was remembering things wrong and piecing an impossible image out of dreams and distorted memories than believing that Steve Rogers could really be the monster he was describing.
Rhodey's hand was bleeding when he came back to the room, and hung in a weird way from his wrist, his brow creased in visible pain as he all but fell on the sofa at the edge of the room, by the window. Its soft cushions crumpled under his weight as he lay down with his back turned toward Tony's bed, not allowing his worried friend to get a glimpse of his bruised face.
HEEEEY look I actually didn't abandon this??
A while ago, he tried to let go. He tried to pretend that the pain – the constant pain that stabbed as horribly as the shrapnel in his chest all the time was really just that – just the shrapnel, just the burn of the reactor. He got rid of them, and he got rid of the suits. Because letting them stay once the pain was gone meant letting them take over everything that remained of him.
And now Tony had Captain America's best friend's futuristic metal arm in his hands, and had no idea what to do with it.
"Please," He repeated the words that floated in his mind, "
Steve was wearing his Captain America outfit, well,
"You would have to forgive me if I seem a little bit off today." He said in a joking tone, "the subject of this press conference is of a rather… delicate matter, and very personal."
. The man was no longer breathing, his pulse was--
He wanted to be able to believe Bruce, whose worry lines deepened further than what Tony thought possible - when Tony finally calmed down enough to piece together his memories of the past few nights, the blurred scenes his mind conjured when recalling the words Steve had said and the places his hands touched - explained to him quietly and slowly that while he really was assaulted – it couldn't really be Steve. Tony knew that – Steve was their teammate, a good person, Captain America…
Next up were the lock-picking technologies Natasha acquired from Pepper before they embarked, if anything could breach Tony's tech, it would've been Tony's tech. unfortunately, none did much more than confirm that there was indeed a door there, most certainly not opened it.
He could use some quiet time.
It was never that easy, and this time wasn't any different. Steve had this Idea in his head – someday Tony would do this because he wanted to, someday Tony would truly love him back or acknowledge that he always did, and he would do the little things lovers do without an ulterior motive, without conniving to get anything but love and warmth back. And Steve acted on that belief to the latter, Steve accepted the peck on his lips and with a hand on Tony's waist pulled him in for more. The same hand moved to stroke his thigh and pet his bottom before Tony recoiled back, backing away from the touch and the hungry exchange of fluids.
Ever since Afghanistan, Tony couldn't remember how to breathe right. Having a magnet shoved deep through your sternum and a reduced lung capacity as a result would do that to you. He managed, somehow, to stay alive despite it, adjusting the way he breathed to fit his modified body, having Jarvis assist and remind him when he forgot how to, again. Somehow – his breath had been taken away from him so many times, since Afghanistan, by so many enemies. And somehow, he always managed to get it back, relearn how to breathe, and keep on living.
"Is it paranoia if someone is really coming after you?" The question left Tony's mouth carelessly as he stepped in in the dark common room of his tower, the Avengers tower, the place that was supposed to be their home and refuge. And instead ended up being a lifeless husk, devoid of life and happiness. Now, lights started to turn on with every step he made, systems coming online one after the other as Jarvis took control of them, after having abandoned them when Tony's stuff were moved out by Pepper's people, when everyone still thought he was dead.
Steve made himself bigger with an inhale of air as he got up, Next to him, the Colonel – like Tony – was rather short, but he also knew how to manipulate his body to make his presence bigger and intimidating, his eyes were burning with rage and mistrust that made Steve wary – but his restraint was also telling. Tony had not yet told them any of his misconceptions about what happened – Steve suspected that he would, after the last time he called the hospital security to shoo Steve from his room. He didn't mind if Tony chose to do it, not much, but he preferred not to have to explain himself before he and Tony could reach some sort of accord about the nature of their relationship, he certainly preferred no confrontations with teammates or people who would not be able to get it.
"Tony." he reprimanded his beloved, his fingers cupping his chin and pulling it forward so they would face each other. Tony's eyes were still avoiding him but at least now he was relatively still. Steve sighed resignedly and tilted Tony's head to give himself access to the patches of skin he had not yet cleared, at some point Tony closed his eyes all together, a distressed sound leaving his throat as it seemed like he was even holding his breath, just to avoid disturbing Steve's actions.
He would've told Bruce about all the times Tony tried to kill himself in the cabin, and how he stopped him time after time, saved him from the self-destructive tendencies he possessed, how he pushed away the inevitable by caring for him in a way that none of them would, even when it meant to dare use some force to get Tony to comply against his nature. Steve kept him alive, but he also instilled humility in the egocentric avenger, something that was ought to be done long ago.
He had a hard time pointing out what was causing him to feel like someone sneaked a cube of ice down his collar when Steve met his glare with his eyes, genuinely questioning the reason for their being there, berating and bantering as if in the middle of practice as he re-broke Nat's hand under the weight of his shield and body. It was still him, by all accounts. Clint prided himself with a sharp eye and some decent spying skills, but he still felt that if he didn't know what Steve had done he'd have no way of knowing that something was wrong. The tone of his voice when he talked, the set of his jaw when he glared at them with a frown were the same, his body language did not change.
After getting dressed in soft, not entirely lab-safe clothes, Tony made himself forget his frustration and the uncomfortable feeling of filth all over him by  heading down to his workshop, andletting Dum-E fuss over him. When Tony drank the questionable green goo the bot prepared in the smoothie maker as he worked, it didn’t taste as bad as it usually did, considering its seaweed-y ingredients the bot always somehow managed to find and pour in despite Tony’s attempts at hiding the damn thing.
You can find me on Tumblr and on Twitter @Narukyuu, I am a lonely person who likes to answer questions so if you have one or a hundred about any of my current or future fics, you are more than welcome to ask! I might even provide spoilers.
Which meant Tony knew any piece of equipment he was surrounded by rather intimately.
Rhodey was secretly messaging back and forth with Sam while Tony was engaged in conversation about boxing with Happy, he was trying to get the man to stop being shy and come in, only to get the 'I don't want to intrude' rhetoric once again.
Tony looked at him, his big eyes full of misery. "I forget. Please, please…" he wasn't lying, his memory was fickle, his mind refused to process the things he heard, like the duration of it all. Two months just seemed too much time, and then not enough time at all. Bits and pieces of everything that happened, all the times Steve touched him, all the times he stopped breathing or tried to resist, all the times he gave up… there were so many of them, different and the same, melding into just one moment one time, and splitting up into more and more moments another time.
Sam was so glad when he met Steve when he talked to him and thought he had cleared the situation. He asked him, believing he would get the truth, but was satisfied with no answer at all at the end of it. Steve's sympathetic smile, with a streak of sarcasm as he deflected the question expertly fooled him so easily – Sam's work even before he joined the Avengers, even before he started working at the VA, required him to be perceptive, notice people's feelings and react accordingly.
No one had seen Captain America for the better part of the week, when he showed a picture of Steve in civilian clothes and the 'look' he used undercover, with the cap, hoodie, and sunglasses, people shrugged at him. And the question of
He still would have preferred to be out there.
Steve's face became the only thing clear in his mind for a moment, and he wailed at the sight – Steve was there, he would help him. He knew Steve would help him, he trusted him- and then Steve would look at him with ice blue eyes, the mistake realized too late – and the cycle goes on and on. Once or twice a touch or a voice would reach him, and with it a whole new wave of anxiety. Thus, he would close his eyes and run back to the familiar - the blue cowl with an 'A' for 'America' drawn on its front, blue eyes… Steve...
Nobody said 'Maybe' or 'But'. The Hulk roared and made cracks in the asphalt with his fists, and Clint had to sit on the sidewalk a moment, his legs shaking and eyes unblinking as he covered his mouth with one gloved hand while removing his hearing aid with the other, breathing a little heavily.
It was almost too easy, getting to this point. Steve may not have been a tech whiz like Tony, but he was in on the design plans from start to finish, as the facility was meant for his eventual use. Tony also had that inside knowledge which had led to a complication, because all the passcodes and biometrics had to be wiped and re-instated so he couldn't use that knowledge. It was a good thing, in that regard, that Tony had been in the hospital for as long as he was, and the rest of the team too strained after the invasion to pay close attention to what he was doing when he went down to the lab and acquired the necessary equipment, uninterrupted by the sulking bots in their charging cradles, or Jarvis, who only greeted him and asked how he could help.
He watched, shivers moving up and down his spine and breathing hitched as Clint brought Natasha out of the cabin, her arm dangling at her side and bruises forming on the bared flesh of her neck and jaw, he hurried to their side, pushing down the hatred and rage that flooded his body the best he could – now wasn't the time.
"I was, the trail was a bust." He said, tilting his head to peek at the man walking slowly towards him, and tensed when he felt the hand on his shoulder. "what is going on, Sam?" He asked severely at seeing his friend's face laced with worry.
"I am… sorry, Jarvis." He whispered as he lowered his hand and held close a scrap of golden metal. "I disappointed him again, I let him be betrayed and hurt and taken away again."
And yet… it found him. Tony swallowed down the sob that threatened to breach through his lips as he stared at the toy. Intrigue momentarily replacing helplessness. It got inside the facility, maybe it was the enabler of Natasha's entrance and current fight with Steve in the next room. How? He recalled it being low-tech, he never had the chance to hook up Jarvis into it in order to really add some of that Stark magic his company – and he himself- prided itself with in its products. It shouldn't have been able to get in at all.
Sam didn't quite imagine he would be able to work alongside the person who invented and provided the Exo-7 Falcon to the military – to him and Riley and made the both of them, well, essentially super-heroes themselves, now that he thought about it.
The silence between them for the next few seconds was eerie, both sets of eyes burned into the other person with intense emotion – anger, hostility, just a tiny bit of fear… the room seemed darker around them as they each tried to keep their demeanors frozen and unyielding, refusing to break eye contact before the other person did, refusing to let another word cut the silence, as if in admittance of some offense.
This turned out pretty short, sorry about that. :)
"Steve,
He kept seeing Steve's face looming over him in the darkness of the room, and his chest felt like fire was burning right through the center of it, just as it did under the rubble and the crushed chest-piece of his suit and later – how it felt when his breathing efforts were stopped by a pair of lips clashing with his own, and a tongue invading his mouth with violent determination. He remembered it fuzzily, from the verge of his consciousness with barely any air in his lungs.
It wasn't how Steve wanted for this to happen. Not really.
, Tony. you already know that I don't like it this way." He leaned in, crushing Tony against the wall and sliding his hand further down, his grip on his collar loosened a bit as his strength rerouted to his torso and hips, grinding and pushing Tony against the wall.
If you love me and want me to be happy, give me Rhodey/Steve+Military Kink.
His opinion changed. He started getting interested in the exploits of the Avengers, watching Stark – the most visible and active member of the group talk in the media about his and the Avengers' agenda and goals, and reading about Colonel James Rhodes and his service to the USAF as a gifted engineer, experienced pilot, liaison to SI and finally – as War Machine. He learned that Stark continued development of non-weaponized systems for the military, with the intention of protecting the soldiers themselves as well as the people they were meant to protect, he learned that the equipment he himself used during his service was personally developed by Tony Stark himself.
Except for Stark.
Rhodey breathed in deeply. He resisted the urge to ask the AI on what data he based his calculations, what were the variables he used. "It's okay, I'm nervous too." He assured the babbling AI, "It's… it's going to be okay, Jarvis, I…" He couldn't promise, not when his hands were shaking as he aimed their gauntlet clad form at the door, closing his eyes as the repulsors charged, unwilling to see the sight inside. He couldn't promise the AI that they would find Tony alive and well, not when he didn't believe it completely himself anymore. And if they didn't… what then? what could he do?
"What… what have you done to yourself?" he hissed, and Tony burst into laughter, the metallic hand extending with a soft creaking sound to aim at Steve again.
"Decreased… motor-skills… fainting…" Tony resentfully recited, for the third time that day. "Short-term memory loss… B-brain damage…" Steve pinched him, he did so several times since he brought him there as some kind of warning or an un-violent punishment, the previous times Tony stopped immediately, this time he didn't care. "increased… heart rate. Heart attack." He breathed in, Steve's musky odor present and strong in the air he inhaled, it made him feel sick - Sicker. "Coma… brain death…" he all but sobbed the words when the slight pinch turned into the scorching pain of a slap against the bare skin of his thigh. "Actual… death…" he inhaled again as Steve changed their position, propping him down on his side on the bed while Steve hovered above. His heart pounded in his chest but he didn't dare to try and move, he couldn't, not with the tension his body was under. Any additional effort would surely result in one of the outcomes he'd just listed.
He grabbed a box of condoms and two tubes of lubricant from the shelf and added them to his pile of supplies. And soon he was out of the store and hot-wiring an old car that parked ten blocks away.
"I watched 'Flubber' the other day and drunkenly designed my own Weebo." Tony shrugged at Rhodey's raised eyebrow. "it's more of a toy than anything useful, takes pictures, tells the time. Makes pop-culture references once I get Jarvis installed on it, I think it could be the next big thing for cat videos after the Roomba."
He holds in a sigh, “I… I zoned out.” He mutters, “it’s nothing serious, Pep. I just…”
One nurse smiled at him and said that was good, it meant his head was not badly hurt and was already healing the damage. He would be back to his fancy parties and inventions soon enough, he would be back being a superhero and a role model for their kids, soon enough.
He hardened his expression and abandoned the attempt to appear accommodating. "You are always like that. Always so sure you know
In Afghanistan, he held himself up. Even after seeing his chest torn open during surgery when he woke up in the middle of it, even during and after the torture of being drowned over and over, he held himself up. He endured without breaking, without letting them see him fracture and break when beaten down and abused. He did not let them see his fear, his pain or his tears.
The more Tony thought about what happened, the less it made sense. The time frame didn’t fit, there were no visible wounds anywhere on his person, and even Jarvis, in his rudimentary, basic scan done the moment Tony got home, could find nothing wrong.
"That's nice. You are good friends to believe so blindly in Captain Rogers." He says, the jab clear on his sharp tongue. "any more theories about the mysterious alien who looks and sounds a lot like Steve Rogers and have not only raped Tony but had also been terrorizing him at the hospital and refusing to explain or defend any of his actions? Ooh, wait, what if… and I know it sounds crazy, but what if any of Tony's decreed team-mates got their heads out of Captain Asshole's ass and actually investigated the possibility that Tony is actually telling it like it is and has not lost his mind? Sorry, might be too outlandish. Just thought it could be a possibility."
Poor Bruce is so tired he just keeps on missing all the signs. that being said, if this Steve could convince the entire US to trust him you can be sure he can manipulate puny Banner.
Instead, all the words remained inside his mind, boiling and turning into rage like water turns to fumes.
of all people, telling me to check up on you.” She said, her tone calm with an edge of something terrifying, “And then I find out you cancelled all our appointments today and took a sick day. But you don’t even bother to call me? What am I supposed to think, Tony?”
“The last thing I expected to get today was a call from
Steve did feel the sting of guilt in his chest when he thought of his teammates. He wished that he could let them in on his plan and showed them that it was the best scenario for everyone, for himself and Tony, obviously, but for the team, for the world as well. Everybody would benefit from this, eventually.
Bruce nodded and sympathetically grimaced when Tony took his hand away and turned to hide a pained sound that threatened to burst from his lips, he suggested again that another dose of pain medicine would help, and almost promised Tony would not suffer from nightmares if he took some. Tony did not turn back to look at him at all, but shook his head. Bruce thought he somehow looked even smaller than usual, and the image got stuck in his head.
to die. Steve saw it in his eyes, heard it in the words he said… and he… Steve paused that train of thought. "You said he is resting, he woke up?" he said, turning to find Bruce's eyes surveying him. The man nodded and his features turned heavy.
"I liked how you looked without it, you will have to start shaving again." He said softly, and grimaced, "and exercise, you put on some weight, Tony."
wonder where Steve went.
As he turned, heading to request a spare bed to be added to Tony's room for Rhodey to catch some rest while staying close to Tony, Bruce came face to face with a stern looking Steve Rogers in full 'Captain America' attire.
"You are fucking insane." Rhodey told him when he came back to the mansion, finding him sitting in the dark, like a parent waiting to reprimand their rebellious teen for staying out the entire night. "What do you think is going to happen now, Tony? this is worse than actually telling a terrorist your fucking home address, this is worse than getting kidnapped – this is going crawling on your knees back to your fucking kidnapper and kissing them on the lips and begging them to take you back- that what this fucking was."
"Iron man…? Oh… oh god. Tony?" Who? The words rang in his ears, incomprehensible. A loud clang of metal hitting metal caused him to jolt.
"See… You
whose point of view would you like to see next chap?
"It's Colonel to you, Captain Rogers." Rhodes said coldly, "and as I was saying, Tony is entitled to decide if he wants a person who is triggering his attacks with their mere presence to be in the room with him, it is
Steve gritted his teeth in annoyance. They still went on with this belief, then? he was getting tired of it. "regardless of what you believe I've done, you can't just keep me here without due process. I haven't seen a lawyer, much less given my day in court, this is a violation of my rights. You know all about it, don't you? We both know who between the two of us this cell was meant for."
“You are a treasure, Pep. But there’s really nothing for you to do here.” He finally said, “I promise.”
He halted when the door was in front of him, somehow, Jarvis seemed to be just as much as a nervous wreck as he was. "I cannot determine Sir's status." He offered in a muted tone, "The room has no sensors, Sir has not spoken for the last forty-five minutes, his survival chance at last contact stood at 0.0012%."
"Whatever happened back there…" she heard herself, eventually "it was bad for Tony, it wasn't a positive or proud moment in his life. And Steve – you were there." Her coffee turned lukewarm already, she sipped from it anyway. "I don't know what happened, exactly. I can't rush to conclusions on fragments of information. But I do know that Tony – he always had you as a part of his life. And… whatever happened, it included you see him at his weakest. And for him, that might have been an even worse experience than actually getting assaulted." She paused, surveying Steve who remained pretty much frozen in the same position and the same expression, before loosening just a bit when he felt her eyes on him.
He knew he had done something to deserve it, so Tony didn't struggle even as air was leaving him, even as Steve smiled at him and told him he was being 'good' and freed one of his hands to swipe a curl of hair away from his face, urged him to relax and let go, still not letting off the crushing pressure. Not even as he kissed him, not even as he invaded his body, ruining it over
Steve's hand traveled further down, found the hem of his underwear and danced over it. Tony turned rigid at once when he felt it. which angered the super soldier enough the shake him by his grasp of Tony's collar, causing Tony's back to clash against the wall. "
It took for Tony to survive another two weeks in intensive care before Rhodey could sleep through an entire night without getting anxious about something bad happening, this time he had not left the small room where Tony was fighting for his life unless Happy was there to replace him, Pepper came by whenever she could escape the press that harassed her about the situation – asking about a funeral, and the state of Stark industries as rumors of Tony's demise caused it's shares to plummet. She sat by Tony's bed and reprimanded him for putting her in that position, begging for him to recover soon.
do about getting my lame, crushed and decaying limb cut off. My other hand – they saved it, but I can barely use it anymore because it trembles so much all the time, so maybe they should have cut it off too." His words broke up at the end, "This… this is what you did to me. Two months with you and I've been ruined in every aspect imaginable. This… this arm, you'll be happy to know that I think about you every time I have to tinker with it to make it work better, and it's not even the worst thing you have done to me, Steve. Can you even imagine it?"
At that point, he cut her off. "Ms. … Ms. Song?" He read the name tag on her lapel quietly, then repeated her name a bit louder when her babbling had not ceased. She looked at him with a raised brow and crossed her arms. "I promise I will get Steve to leave the room for enough time, so your nurses can do what needs to be done, but for that, I need to go into the room, if that is okay with you?" He tried to stay civil, but couldn't help but feel like a bit of unintended frostiness invaded his tone. The head-nurse definitely noticed that, and she grumbled loudly enough for him to hear her complain about 'damn Doctors always think they know best' and 'he doesn't want to see
"You have to give him time." She concluded, "and yourself, too. I'm here if you need to talk, just call." She then moved past him and into the room, leaving him outside to think about what she said.
Of course, it could be simply because he had to see his teammate all covered in bandages and casts, with the very few places not covered by those otherwise decorated with bruises and cuts. Clint counted them, over and over, his sharp eyes finding every bump or weirdly shaped appendage and adding them to the list of his reasons to kill every single one of the enemies they could subdue alive. Monsters, all of them.
That was his opinion until the attack on Manhattan, where he, and most of the world, witnessed the Avengers fighting for their sake against aliens, of all things. And Stark specifically, taking a nuclear warhead through a wormhole, with no guarantee that he would be able to come back alive.
friend. She had no doubt that despite his stony expression and steady stance, James Rhodes at that moment had rage coursing through his veins instead of blood. She put her hand on his tense shoulder and swallowed down the words of encouragement she had almost spewed automatically to get the uncomfortable feelings out of the way. Rhodes needed answers, not pity and empty condolences.
She finally lost her patience when Tony put back the inhaler and took out his phone, instead. It was already bombarded with any mention of his name Jarvis had encountered online, and about fifty new messages from each one of the remaining Avengers – sans Steve.
They walked to the private room Pepper had Tony transferred to – which was deserving of the name suite at the very least, in Rhodey's opinion. If not for the medical equipment littering the large and fancy room, there was really no way to distinguish it from a pretty decent hotel room.
Oh dear, what's Steve going to do.
"I… I don't…" Tony closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. He made too many promises that he couldn't keep, promises he didn't remember making. He knew Rhodey would not lie to him about making them, but his mind pushed the idea of making them into an abyss of uncertainty. "Tell me… tell me again, please." He exhaled the words and looked up to his best friend, who was eating his breakfast in silent, without meeting eyes with him.
Eventually, Steve promised he would personally watch Tony. he was military too, he could stay alert through the night and make sure his teammate got his beauty sleep as needed.
He couldn’t hear Jarvis’ reply, if there even was one. If Jarvis wasn’t alarmed, it meant nothing bad was happening. He was okay... The whales were back –he was okay.
What did ultimately stop him, after he managed to calm himself just enough to breath sufficiently again, were a couple of big, black eyes nestled in a yet bigger, pale, green humanoid-but-not-quite-human-face that was  staring at him as a head three times the size of his own rose from the sea. It had a narrow face and bald head, with sharp cheekbones, eyes that did not blink, and no visible nose. It only had two holes where normally the nostrils would have been had it been human, and the rest of it stayed beneath the water, so Tony could not make out the shape of its mouth.
Bruce trembled with rage or with frustration at his inherent inability to do a thing to help the actual search. He kept going through Tony's injuries in his mind – none of them even close to healing at the point he was taken away, the different types of medicine the man should be getting, the pain he must be in… pain that over the counter drugs could do nothing about. For moments, he hoped that whoever took him either meant to kill him or had at least a little medical expertise and access to hospital grade medicine, would somehow, in any way, not let Tony be tortured by his own body as Bruce knew he could be. He breathed in, looked at the greening skin of his hand – and suppressed it.
As soon as he did, Steve let go and watched him double over with his upset stomach gurgling, dry heaving and wheezing wetly as bits of soup leaked from his mouth and nose. "If you throw up, we will be doing this again and again until you don't," Steve said curtly and got up, going to the kitchen and leaving Tony to try and keep his body from expelling the unwanted food, eyes tearing until all the fluids on his face mixed to create an ugly image. Steve came back with a damp paper towel and looked at him with disapproval.
In the hospital wing where Tony Stark was hospitalized, the walls were pristine white and decorated with donated artwork and comfortable chairs, it was the one part of the hospital that did not constantly smell of antiseptic, and if he was being honest – sitting in the hallway felt more like sitting in a small hotel's lobby, the coffee cart even served the fancy stuff.
Of course, if Tony chose not to come, then he would have to go to him, they had to have communication between them if they ever wanted the relationship to work out, they had to meet.
He squirmed and moaned under Steve's hands, whimpering as the orgasm built up, deliberately hastened by his imagination. He pled for more – faster, harder – And Steve was happy to provide, unaware that it wasn't him Tony was asking this of.
He could hear the steps, down the emergency stairs on the other side of the floor, slow, assertive and sure. The steps of a person who knew the place well, and had used the same route before.
He knew the man would follow him and believe in him. Bucky would, too, once the mind control thing is dealt with. All in all, the Avengers as a team followed his lead with next to no complaint, believing justly that he knew what he was doing.
Tony yelped, his hands shooting to grasp at Steve's sleeve immediately. At this point, it was becoming even harder to ground himself, he was regretting having muted Jarvis, his voice could probably help with that, at least somewhat… he closed his eyes as Steve's other hands traveled along his waist, slowly sneaking under his shirt.
"If you found anything that could imply Steve was-"
"It was an interesting time since they separated us…" Steve said, "locked me up… had you make that ridiculous announcement to the press." Tony bit his lip, the words simply did not come to him so he could retaliate. "I almost felt offended until I remembered that what you show the press is not the
Both spies stared at him flatly. Clint momentarily snuck a side look at Natasha, who remained frozen in her glare at Steve, then looked back in the same direction. "For assaulting and kidnapping-" Clint was cut off by Natasha, who lowered her weapon and stepped forward slowly.
in that it had no flaws he could exploit from inside, with no access to technology.
He was supposed to be dead. He remembered not being able to breathe, being crushed by an enormous weight and calculating chances, scenarios… he was supposed to be dead, instead, he was… captured? Kidnapped? Is that what happened? Everything hurt, and the only time he could remember everything hurting so bad was Afghanistan, waking up during, and then after being operated on, waking up after being drowned and beat into the ground, waking up in the middle of the desert after crushing his first suit… and somehow this, at this moment, was worse. Something horrible happened – but he couldn't remember. Everything hurt so much. He needed help.
"Steve!" The voice that startled him came from behind him when he parked his motorcycle next to a pharmacy, he recognized it but did not turn to meet Sam's eyes as he removed the helmet from his head, waiting for his friend to land behind him. "I thought you were looking for Bucky, man. What is going on?"
He stayed where he fell instead, a stabbing pain attacking his body from his toes all the way up to his head, his eyes fluttering between closed and open again as he stared at the wooden ceiling, his body struggling to take in and retain enough air that would allow him to stay awake and not tumble down unconscious lane again.
"You built this?" he asked suddenly once the machine had turned into a bunch of scraps and bolts in his lap, barely raising his head to meet with Rhodey's half hurt-half amused eyes. "It's really good, Honeybear! It's been a while since we built something together, I didn't think I would get to see your inhumanly accurate metal-work again." Tony raised his head and smiled fondly at Rhodey, who couldn't be angry when Tony smiled at him like that.
He didn't react when Steve leaned to kiss his forehead, did not recoil or changed expressions to show fear or disgust, as happened most of the time. Just sat there, breathing under Steve's hand and holding onto him like he was a lifeline, dependent, needful of his attentions. Tony was his now.
Basically, it's the last chapter. I might add an epilogue tho. do you think that's needed?
He didn't like having to think of his team-mates as potential threats, but such evaluation was necessary for a situation like this. He had many times criticized Tony about his lack of forwardness towards the team, the lack of trust that they'd understand and partake in his sometimes crazy schemes. Well, now he understood what Tony meant when he said that they would not appreciate why he had to do things even if they looked a little crazy.
Steve couldn't tell if Tony was coughing or laughing at his words, but he felt the moisture of tears meeting his hand where it rested on Tony's cheek. "You were the one… who made me unsafe." He said quietly, closing his eyes tight when Steve wiped his tears with the back of his hand. "You… you tried to kill me…"
The man claimed to be a realist, a… what was the word?
Tony's eyes focused on him, glazed over for a moment, then recovered as he smirked and then chuckled grimly, "No… But you did… you did make sure… he stayed down. Right?" Tony licked his lips, his head hurt trying to recall what Rhodey told him about that moment, when he saw Steve's face and just… couldn't help his rage. Normally he wouldn't have had a hard time imagining it, but nothing was normal anymore.
*IMPORTANT PLEASE READ*
"Yeah…" Rhodey paused and looked at him, then he got up. "If not for the serum, he would still be sporting a shiner the size of War Machine's fist."
"You too?" Clint asks when Bruce enters to the common area of the tower, abashedly shaking his head and his eyes half closed and rimmed red after a sleepless night. "I can't believe it; Stark is seriously shutting
Steve thought of Peggy, and the Howling Commandos. He thought of Howard Stark. All those people had believed in him, loved and respected him and his decisions, even those they did not agree on in the beginning. They knew that Steve was rarely wrong, that his strategic mind was no less perfected than his body – and their trust in him was absolute to the point of disobeying orders from higher command.
you are alive because I did what I did, Tony. No one else would have done it for you, they would have left you there to die." He dragged him across the room, letting Tony's lose clothes tangle around his feet until he tripped and fell, only kept from hitting his head by Steve holding him up. He didn't get a chance to collect himself and stand on his own before Steve hauled him off his feet, hoisting him over his shoulder like a sack of flour and knocking what little air he managed to gather out of his lungs.
And yet Steve loved him. At first – as he'd love and respect a teammate, a fellow hero. He'd loved Bucky, Peggy and the Howling commandos, he'd loved Howard Stark – and so he loved his son as well. They worked together seamlessly, moved as two sides of the same coin do, and in a fight were unbeatable when they worked together. Soon Steve learned to tolerate and after a while, even like the feisty banter and nicknames, learned to read Tony's movement and predict his moves. They became friends of a sort – as Captain America and Iron Man, Winghead and Shellhead – and that worked.
A gentle, warm touch was then on his head tilting it to the side as his body was pushed into the same direction as well, a light pat prompting him to let go of the liquid in his mouth onto the dirty floor, and throw up the rest just a moment later. He coughed and blinked the heavy darkness away from his eyes, taking in the foul smell of blood, sweat and fluids, all suddenly clearer. Above him, Steve knelt and he cradled Tony's head in his arms, murmuring his name and numerous curse words as well. Distantly, the notion of the Captain swearing seemed to have held some kind of a meaning, it was something Tony knew he should be amused by, perhaps mocking the young blond for his old man's ways. Only…
"I can't… do it while you're in here." He breathed out, "go away…"
Tony stopped asking to go back to the hospital when Steve hit him for the first time the night before.
Tony shuddered under Steve's hands, bits of what he thought belonged in a nightmare flooding his mind. The pain was excruciating – he was buried under an entire building; if not for his armor he'd be dead, and nothing was in the right place.
And yet, for all of his competence and intelligence, Rhodey couldn't even protect Tony stark. Granted, the man was a risk-taking idiot and acted independent to a fault, and nobody should bear
He didn't remember. All he could remember was pain, and cold, and Steve touching him in all the wrong places, just as he did now. "Bullshit." He muttered, immediately followed by a pained whine when Steve's hand squeezed down on his flesh at the sound of his voice. He bit his lower lip, reminding himself not to do this, not to anger him. Not
It made sense – as much as Tony Stark could make sense, anyway.
Steve moved his hand from clasping Tony's palm to his wrist, rubbing the bruised skin gently and ignoring any involuntary twitches that landed that arm away from him. "I… Bruce…" he whispered, his eyes softening as he looked up at the Doctor. "I thought he would die, and that I would never have a chance. I always delayed, always thought there would be a better time." His voice was breaking up, and Bruce found his eyes dampening as he thought of how it would have felt. Losing a friend was hard, losing Tony would be devastating. Losing him without getting to tell him about your feelings…
