Mycroft hurried out of the room, ignoring John. John followed him to the nearest bathroom. Mycroft was bent over the sink, blood dripping from his nose.
After a second, Sherlock realized John waited for him to say something. “You’re late,” was all he managed to say. It didn’t sound like the intended snarl he had planned to give, but more of a statement.
When Anderson spotted John, he walked straight to him and took over his own class, leaving John standing on the parking lot with nothing to do. For a brief moment, he thought of checking up on his own class, but he decided he would probably be more useful if he would offer his help to Lestrade.
Sherlock huffed dismissively. “I’m very well capable of taking care of my own mental state. I don’t feel the need to talk to some know-it-all shrink who will just poke around inside my memories let me do all the cleaning up afterwards.”
John decided now wasn’t the time to ask what was wrong. He walked up to him, placed a gentle hand on his and took the photo out of Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock looked up at him, a hint of panic clearly visible in his pale blue eyes. “Come on,” John whispered.
John couldn’t bring himself to speak. This was the first time Sherlock let his guard down and spoke of what happened to him. He looked at Sherlock and was sure he saw the shimmer of tears in his eyes. He reached out for Sherlock’s hand and took it in his. Sherlock closed his fingers around John’s.
Sherlock didn’t respond. John took a breath and reached out to take Sherlock’s hands in his. He felt Sherlock tense, but he didn’t let go.
I'm up on my feet and at his side so fast that he barely has the time to register it. I hurl him around, take him in my arms and kiss him. "Obviously," I whisper, suddenly overcome with emotion.
Sherlock was getting better and better each day, at least physically. The detox was going well; he would reach zero in three days. He didn't need many medications anymore, and most of the injuries would heal with time. The physical therapist was coming by today to examine Sherlock and give him some exercises and after that Sherlock would be allowed to get out of bed, which was one of the final steps of preparing him to go home. He still had to go to his therapy sessions and checkups, but there would be no medical necessity to keep him at the hospital.
“So, tell me about him. What’s he like? Where did you meet? What does he look like? I want to know what type of men my little brother likes!”
Sherlock didn’t respond. His mind was racing a hundred miles per hour and but he couldn’t actually grasp a single thought. The anxious feeling in him had spiked and his hands started trembling. There was an itch underneath his skin and nervous energy crept upon him. He knew this feeling, he knew it all too well.
I cup his cheek and kiss him tenderly. I can feel him tremble against my lips and know he’s nervous. I’d be lying if I told him I wasn’t. For some reason, I feel the urge to check we’re still okay, backing away a little. He gives a slight nod and closes the small gap between us once again.
“Yes, that’s used most of the time with a heroin detox. However, It will not work on GHB.” Doctor Wilson smiled sweetly at Mycroft. “The first, classic, method is to start detoxification with Diazepam. We’ll switch to a schedule to decrease the dosage until we reach zero. The downside to this treatment is that there will be some withdrawal symptoms from Valium as well.
John looked at his watch. He would certainly be late for his application. Well, maybe he shouldn't go at all then. "Black, one sugar," he answered and went to sit at a table.
Finally, Sherlock decided to pull away. He looked directly in John’s eyes, his own gaze playful. “I do remember something about inviting you in.”
A wave of nausea engulfed John. The injuries made it clear that Sherlock had been abused, and who knew for how long? Maybe for weeks, or even months…
It took John every bit of willpower to ignore everyone instead of speaking up, but he knew it wasn’t what Sherlock wanted him to do. So instead he squared his shoulders and followed Sherlock and Lestrade inside.
John was doing better and better every day. By the end of the week, he was well-rested; his lungs stopped protesting, and he was able to walk around a bit without too much pain. He and Harry were spending more time together, and he was happy to notice that her company wasn’t that bad. Actually, it made him decide to take a couple of more days off so he could spend a little more time with her.
The physical therapist stood up and pushed his chair away. "I'd like to examine you first, okay? See what kind of strength you have left. Sit up straight for me, please."
First of all: I'm so sorry for the delay! A lot happened and I didn't have the time to sit down and write a proper chapter for you guys... But don't worry, I'm back! And on the plus side, I started to plan out the rest of the story, so I expect to update more frequently now!
“Oh doctor Watson, I’m so sorry,” she started, sounding slightly frightened. “I don’t know what happened. I was getting him ready for the night, and everything was fine. We were even chatting. I left him alone for a minute to grab some things, and when I came back, he was completely zoned out. I don’t know what I did wrong.” The young nurse panicked.
“No, that’s not what I… I didn’t…” Sherlock stammered. John noticed his colleagues were silent again, and he watched Sherlock sink back in his chair.
“Sherlock is not doing okay. He’s exhausted, lost weight and he obviously isn’t feeling well. I think you should be able to see that as a doctor, but I’m afraid your judgement is clouded.”
The woman who called after John walked towards them. "Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes, what on earth are you doing here? You're not even sterile!"
Sherlock shook his head, still not looking up at the man in front of him. “I can’t. I can’t tell you.”
“Hmm, and is that why you are taking him to Hills tonight? Are we to expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
“I’ll be outside the room if you need me,” he said to Sherlock and gave him one last smile before leaving the room, feeling relieved.
John looked up to the doorway and saw Mycroft standing in it. He gave John a small nod and John knew it was time to go.
Soon, the whole class started to try to convince John and was yelling arguments on why John had to join them. John tried to get the students quiet again, but it was a lost cause.
I throw my phone on the table and let out a frustrated sigh. “I give up. I’m not going,” I state, running my hands across my face. I don’t expect Sherlock to respond; he has been reading all day. But after a second, he puts his book aside and gives me a questioning look.
John was waiting at the bar to order when he felt a light hand on his back. “I’d like to have sparkling water,” he heard Sherlock say in his low baritone.
She then squeaked in enthusiasm and pulled him in a tight hug. “Oh, John! It’s so good to see you; it has been ages! What are you doing here? Come in, come in!”
A moment passed. John knew Sherlock was trying to deduce what was going on, and he let him. He was just too tired to explain his thoughts to his friend.
The knock on the door pulled both men back in reality. Lestrade came in without waiting for an answer. He looked ravished. His hair was a complete mess, and he had dark circles under his eyes, his face severe and tensed. John was alert at once. This couldn’t mean much good.
“No, sir. He doesn’t get to barge into the Yard after a year of absence and take over the case like it’s nothing. We don’t need him.”
Although he was lying with his back to the window, John could say for sure that Sherlock was the one who laid in that hospital bed. His dark curls and his long, slender body under the sheets were unmistakable. John felt his heart beat faster. Until now it could all have been a cruel joke, but now it was real. It really was him.
In answer, I roll onto my other side, facing away from John. I clutch my arms between my knees and try to ignore the impulse to scratch, hoping that the pressure will give me some relief.
“No need.” Usually, Sherlock would’ve meant to sound snappy, but he couldn’t. Instead, he gave John a hint of a smile. “It will be okay.”
This was not going in the right direction. John smiled a little to take off the edge of the conversation. “So you’ve got a boyfriend?”
“Oh god, I’m sorry,” John exclaimed when he realized what he had implied. His cheeks tinted, and it was the most adorable thing Sherlock had ever seen.
“Of course!” the waitress answered. She took a few steps towards the counter, grabbed two menus of it, walked back to the table and handed Sherlock the menus. “There you go. Just let me know when you made a decision!”
“So, why are you here instead of upstairs? Got a case going on?” John tried, and Sherlock knew it was an attempt to get a reaction from him, but Sherlock didn’t give him the satisfaction.
“Well, don’t you look all fancy? Are you so happy you’re finally going to get rid of me you decided to dress up for the occasion?”
John jumped out of bed right away, turned on the lights, and quickly gathered some clothes. "Have you already called Mycroft Holmes?"
About the time they arrived at the school, it was 7.55, and John was surprised to feel he wasn’t nervous anymore at all. They entered the school together and were greeted by Sally Donovan, who was sitting behind the reception desk and gave the two men a daring look.
John noticed Sherlock was shaking a little and felt a bit guilty. Sherlock had been scared, and this was his way to let it all out. He couldn’t blame him. If the roles were reversed, he would probably have stormed right after the man into the burning building as well.
Mycroft intervened. “Doctor Watson is right. My dear brother will, unlike every other human being, be best off when he experiences the detox. Only that will keep him from slipping. And I’m not going to pick him up again if he falls.”
Once John got sight of the first student, he put on a smile. “Good morning Thom,” he greeted. The boy gave him a smile in return and went to his seat.
“Mr John? Mr Philip gave Charly’s group permission to work on their science project, so they aren’t here.”
John and Mycroft didn't respond. Both knew this wasn't the whole report. They waited anxiously for the resident to continue.
“How did you manage to escape?” Maggie asked with a trembling voice. It was hard to hear for her as well. Sherlock noticed it took her a lot of effort to speak. He knew she was trying to steer the conversation a bit.
John stood up, walked to the taller man and grabbed him firmly by his shoulders. “Hey,” John started, his voice calm. “Stop it.”
The sound of sirens filled the air. It was a welcome sound, the sound of relief, of help. In a moment, there would be professionals who were taking care of the situation. They would search for a way to put the fire out, and above all, they would get someone inside as fast as possible.
John didn’t listen. He was fighting a battle with his own emotions and was losing it. He couldn’t deal with them; he wanted to run, to escape, to hide. Tearing himself from Sherlock’s grip, John let out a growl and swung his fist.
He leads me around the building into the garden, out of sight. After walking a few yards into the garden, John stops, turns around and looks at me with big, blue eyes, and I know that this is it.
There was a long, thick silence. Sherlock’s heart started jamming inside his chest, and he felt his hands starting to get sweaty. He could hear John inhale sharply and shift in his seat slightly, but other than that, there was no response, for which he was grateful.
John looked up. Mycroft stood before him, handing him a disposable cup of tea. he took the cup and waited for Mycroft to sit next to him.
People started to get impatient and looked up the line irritated to see if it couldn't go a little more quickly. They had to hurry for work, for school or other essential activities. John had already half accepted that he would be late for his application when he suddenly heard his name.
“What was he like at university?” John asked and regretted the question almost immediately. From the corner of his eye, he saw Mike grinning at him, but he decided to ignore it.
His voice was barely audible and broke at the end, but John heard it loud and clear. He let go of Sherlock’s hands and pulled him towards him. “Me neither,” John whispered, closing his arms around Sherlock’s back.
“I’ll ask Linda to point you to the plaster room so you can meet him there,” Dr. Wilson suggested as she slid back into her composed self.
After a long moment, Mycroft looked up from the report. He seemed to hesitate for a moment. Then, he handed the report to John.
But with Sherlock gone to bed, 221b Baker Street started to feel strange. Mycroft had taken John’s request seriously and made sure the apartment was clean, well-stocked and completely the same as before, but it still felt like everything was different. John tried not to let his thoughts linger and started to read a book. But after an hour he couldn’t focus anymore. He stood up and lit up the fireplace, walked to the cabinet and was pleased to see that Mycroft even had stocked the liquor department. He poured himself a glass of whiskey and stepped back. He hesitated for a moment. He had been avoiding his old chair since he arrived back at Baker Street. Somehow it didn’t feel right to sit in it anymore. He sat down on the couch instead.
Sherlock didn’t calm down. John moved closer and decided to try something different. He pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s and waited for a moment to feel if there was a reaction. When Sherlock didn’t pull away, John started to speak softly. “Focus on me, follow my breathing. Can you feel it? Try to breathe with me.”
"A man?" John repeated. But as soon as he said it, it hit him. A man. Sherlock didn't want to be touched by a man. John felt his insides contract. This was what he feared the most, what he was most afraid of. He knew Sherlock was tortured and abused. But John only could imagine what they had done to him to make him fear the touch of men.
After a long moment, Sherlock spoke. “Because I’m sorry,” he said in a small voice, and John felt his anger ebb away instantly. This wasn’t what he wanted. He didn’t want to get Sherlock into trouble or upset him, on the contrary. He wanted to help him to comfort him. To be his friend.
The therapist turned around to close the door and held out her hand. “I don’t think I introduced myself properly. My name’s Maggie. It’s so good to meet you finally, Sherlock told me so much about you during his sessions. You really are his rock, you know?”
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? I left mine in my coat,” the figure behind the desk suddenly asked casually. John’s attention was immediately drawn to the man’s low voice.
When John did look up, he saw that Sherlock was staring at him with a stunned look on his face and John was a little confused. Was it really such a crazy thing to say? He just offered some support; he didn’t mean anything else by it. He was about to clarify that when another thought crossed his mind. Maybe it wasn’t a crazy thing to say, but a crazy thing to hear. His chest tightened a little by that thought.
“Yeah, John, listen,” Lestrade began, and John knew what was coming. “I know it’s none of my business, but you don’t fool me. I know when someone is punched in the face when I see it. What happened? Did Sherlock did this?”
Also, thank you so much for all the kudos and comments! I really like hearing from you guys so let me know what you think!
Sherlock didn’t reply and hung up. Maybe Lestrade was right. Perhaps he should drop by after school to see how John was doing. And maybe, he would have the courage to talk.
' John took a couple of deep breaths. He felt his body relax a little. For a couple of seconds, he stood there, his hands resting on his face covering his eyes. He knew he had to get back to Mycroft. He took one last breath and walked back to his office, feeling a little bit more steady.
“Thank you.” With that, John turned around and walked away as he tried to ignore the feeling that he was leaving his friend behind.
He looked at his watch. It was 11:14 p.m. It was going to be a long, sleepless night. The surgery started 45 minutes ago. A splenectomy. The spleen was the organ that had caused the internal bleeding. The operation would take two to four hours if there were no complications. They would try to do the surgery laparoscopically to ensure that Sherlock's body had as little stress as possible under the circumstances. Everything was risky enough already.
John didn’t know how to respond to that. He shook her hand in answer. “Please, call me John. Is everything all right? I thought his session was later today.”
He had intended to go home yesterday, but doctor Wilson insisted on keeping him one extra night just to be safe. He could’ve jumped high and low, but Mycroft and John stood firm, which did not benefit his already fickle mood and resulted in an evening full of bickering and arguing, just for the sake of arguing. But now, the moment was finally here; he felt nervous.
“I thought that maybe, one day, we would become more than friends,” John answered, and couldn’t withhold a hint of a smile. “But that was all in my head, wasn’t it?”
Sherlock looked up. “You’ll do just fine,” he said, offering John a reassuring smile. John wanted to reply but was cut off by the loud buzzing of the school bell. He took a deep sigh, walked towards the door, and waited for the first student to arrive.
Sherlock seemed surprised at himself. “Spot on then. I didn’t expect to be right about everything.” He paused and looked at John suspiciously. “But?”
“As far as first gifts go, I know it isn’t much. But I hope you’ll accept it as a token of my feelings for you.” I try to ignore the hammering in my chest and suck in a breath. “I love you, and I’m going to do what I can to make sure you don’t have to question it ever again.”
Last but not least. THANK YOU so much for all the kudos and comments, again. You really are the best, and it really makes my day. So I make you a deal: I will try to update as soon as possible, and you write me a comment. Sounds good, yeah? And I promise I won't let you wait two months again (pinky promise!)
“Sherlock,” John warned, but it was no use. He knew Sherlock was probably right to question the thoroughness of the investigation Lestrade and his team had done, but he also knew it would mean Sherlock wouldn’t stop digging for a connection until he had found it.
There was nothing left of the peaceful morning they had shared once they got back from the hospital that afternoon. The first couple of appointments had gone well. Dr Wilson seemed to be happy with Sherlock’s recovery, they had made an appointment to remove the cast from his arm, and Patrick also seemed pleased with the progress Sherlock was making. His last meeting of that day was another session with Maggie. John was surprised to notice that Sherlock was in quite a good mood when he entered her office. But from the moment Sherlock walked out of the hospital, he had gone silent.
Suddenly, Sherlock was aware of the tears that were burning behind his eyes. It was hard to talk about this, but he had to. He had to give John an explanation.
“Do you?!” John suddenly yelled, unable to control his anger any longer. “I don’t think so. Because if you knew, you would’ve let me know that you were alive!”
Sherlock pulled back his hand. "I'm fine." He didn't sound convincing at all. John heard a snort next to him.
“I think we all hoped you would’ve made one more cut,” he said, looking around for support. Most of the teachers nodded in agreement; only Mike and Molly didn’t.
The statement made Sherlock look up, and he was surprised to see that John’s expression wasn’t one filled with disapproval or envy, but with warmth and affection. There was something the detective couldn’t quite place, too. He felt his cheeks redden slightly under John’s gaze, but even if he wanted to, he wouldn’t be able to look away.
He groped for his phone in the dark and answered. "Hello?" His voice sounded rough and thick with sleep.
“Sherlock? Everything all right?” John asked when he saw the shift in Sherlock’s face, but Sherlock didn’t respond. He didn’t know what to say. He had hit John. Maybe not on purpose, but his subconscious had seen him as a threat, and his instinct had been to fight him off. He had hurt John while he had tried to help him.
"Good. Now go," John ordered. He turned to sit back in his chair and saw Mycroft nodding approvingly.
Maggie looked at John for a moment as If she was trying to remember her own conditions. “You’ll just sit in the back of the room,” she started. “No questions, no response, no comments. You’re only allowed to listen. If it’s getting too much for you to hear, get out.”
Doctor Wilson seemed to realize she was talking to family. Her face relaxed slightly. She turned to John, sighed, and started talking. "I was able to save the spleen partially, but when we closed, he crashed. We had to shock him twice before he came back."
But lately, I find myself less and less interested. In fact, I haven’t been on a date in months. At first, I thought It was because I just didn’t find anyone of interest, but now I know that my judgement is clouded by a certain dark-haired detective who occupies my mind most of the time.
“Hmm,” John replied and took his opportunity to take Sherlock’s bottom lip between his. He sucked softly, and Sherlock felt his knees go weak in anticipation. He couldn’t help it but moan quietly into John’s mouth. Jesus, this man was
Once again, John’s phone interrupted the conversation at the right moment. John reached for his phone for the second time, this time with no hesitation.
“John,” Molly started, her tone cautious. “I don’t know if it’s any of my business, but are you two okay?”
Mycroft identified himself at the reception with a card, and the receptionist nodded approvingly. He then took another card from his pocket and handed it to John. "identification. This gives you access to the entire building, including all wards and treatment rooms."
Although he was, to say the least, surprised by the arrival of Mycroft, John tried to recover quickly. His heart was pounding wildly in his chest, his hands began to sweat, But the last thing he wanted was to show Mycroft his emotions. He got up from his chair, chin up, hoping that the shaky feeling in his legs wouldn't betray him.
Sherlock didn’t see this coming. John had stayed with him each night long after he had fallen asleep to make sure he was okay. This would be the first night on his own.
In the end, John was happy Harry came. Once he got home, he noticed how sore and tired he was. He didn’t want to acknowledge it, but maybe he had underestimated his situation just a little bit. So he let Harry take care of him so he could rest and let his body heal.
This time, Sherlock didn’t reply and John wondered for a moment if he had gone a bit too far. He quickly made work of his next text.
For a second, John looked at his friend in surprise. He waited for Sherlock to continue but then realised he actually was waiting on an answer. “Four?” he answered and tried to suppress a grin. Sherlock overreacting was actually kind of cute.
“Of course, it was! That was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary.” John couldn’t help but smile at the young man’s surprised expression.
The second setback came at 00:57 a.m. They were now operating for about three hours, and there hadn't been an update in an hour and a half. Mycroft was starting to get impatient and started pacing the room.
A shiver ran across his back when John looked in Sherlock’s eyes, steel-blue meeting stormy blue directly for the first time in two years. For a moment, John couldn’t fight his instincts. Trying to ignore the stammering of his heart against his chest, John lowered their arms but didn’t let go of their hands. He shifted a little bit closer, allowing Sherlock to do the same. The taller man let out a shaky breath and let his gaze lower on John’s lips. They inched even closer, their noses almost touching.
He let his gaze wander across the field and made a decision. He started to collect the stuff he had bought with him and walked back towards the school.
It was a desperate attempt to play is cool but Sherlock knew he was had gone too far. He hadn’t missed the low, threatening tone Lestrade’s voice contained; a tone that was never directed at him, at least.
Principal Lestrade stood up from his chair and held out his hand again, waiting for John to follow and shook his hand. “Now, Let’s find Mike.”
John's eye stuck on Sherlock, who was still vast asleep. Only now could John see what the many tubes and devices were for. A gastric feeding tube, two drains, a catheter, a central line and an artery line. His heartbeat and blood pressure were monitored continuously. For many people, this would be a frightening sight, but John found it reassuring. As a doctor, he knew that this meant that Sherlock was closely monitored. The fact that he had survived the first few hours without complications offered a proper perspective on full recovery.
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly, took another breath and shifted a little so that John was out of his direct line of sight. It made it easier to talk. “Okay, I’m ready.”
John suddenly realised something. "Is that why all of the doctors and nurses were female? Did Mycroft know?"
When John saw Sherlock’s mouth curl up in a smile, he couldn’t help but smile as well. And before they knew it, they were both laughing together for the first time in over a week, and John was happy to notice that all of the doubts he had and all of the anger he felt the last week was gone entirely. Everything was going to be fine.
John knew the answer in a flash. Those kids were Charly and Kyle, two of the students from year five who he had missed in P.E. His first reaction was to tell Lestrade, but he realised it didn’t matter. What mattered was that those kids were in danger and someone had to do something. He looked around to see if anyone was getting ready to act on it, but both Sarah and Lestrade seemed petrified. He looked up to the window again. Someone needed to get inside to help them, fast.
John was happy to notice Sherlock was talking easily and that there was no tension what so ever between him and his colleagues. Molly seemed delighted to have a chance to catch up with her former study partner, and Mike always knew how to make people more comfortable. John had to admit that it was nice to see his partner a little more relaxed. There was even a polite smile once or twice.
“Playing dumb isn’t going to work, mate. Something shifted between you two. Even Anderson noticed it.”
It felt like a punch in the gut. Though Sherlock didn’t want to believe he was capable of hitting John, he knew it was true. He could recall the moment he woke up from his nightmare. He didn’t know what had woken him exactly, but he knew there had been a shout that wasn’t his own. It made sense.
John didn’t miss the hesitation in Sherlock’s voice and realised he hadn’t seen Sherlock drink during dinner as well. He couldn’t help himself but wonder if this was just something he didn’t do, or if there was something more behind it.
Two days. John was a little surprised by that fact. Anthea stood at his doorstep yesterday. If they had found Sherlock two days ago, it meant that Mycroft didn’t wait long to inform John. He had not tried to fix it on his own, which was a first in the history of Mycroft Holmes. Or maybe he couldn’t?
A hand on his forearm brought Sherlock back to his senses before he could start to panic. Mrs Hudson stood in front of him, her face full of worry and pity.
John returned the smile and started walking along with Sherlock. At the nearest stand, he bought two large cups of coffee and handed one to Sherlock. They continued to walk and started chatting freely about nothing in particular.
The students seemed okay with this suggestion and turned back to their projects. Sherlock wanted to walk away, but John stopped him. “A quick word, Sherlock.”
When Sherlock suddenly started moving, John looked up. It took him a moment to process what the detective was doing. He had tossed himself on the floor in the middle of all the files and started rustling again, and John felt his anger rise once more. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, just lie on the couch for an hour like any other recovering patient would do!”
John stepped away from the door opening, closed the door and stood across Sherlock. “I thought you didn’t smoke.”
“It’s not up for debate, Sherlock. You are going to rest. I don’t care if you’re going to lay down on the sofa or decide to crawl into bed. Hell, for all I care you just lay down on the floor. But you are going to take a break. Doctor’s orders.”
“You can’t be serious,” Mike started, disbelief clear in his voice. “I think you mean that John here is the one who…”
When I get up, John isn’t there. I try to ignore the unsettling feeling in the pit of my stomach; he’s probably just out for some grocery shopping, but the feeling creeps up on me nonetheless.
On another note: I would love to get in contact with some of you! I'm relatively new to this community, and I absolutely love it, but I don't know what's the best way to reach out to you guys. So if you would also like to chat with me about Sherlock, or maybe even would like to write some stuff with me, feel free to leave a comment! That way, we could find a way to chat with each other :)
John didn’t register what happened next, and frankly, he didn’t care. Alice was safe, and that was what mattered.
When they ended their walk around the building, they stopped a classroom with a closed door. “This,” Mike started with a goofy grin on his face. “Will be your office, your workplace and your playground for the upcoming school year. Welcome.” John chuckled, and Mike opened the door to the classroom.
John’s head snapped back at the man’s direction. It took him a second to register he was talking to him again. He furrowed his brow and looked at Mike suspiciously, who was ignoring John entirely by now. “I’m sorry, what?”
When Sherlock looked up from his book, their eyes met. John instantly stopped thinking, and he could do nothing else but stare into Sherlock’s eyes.
John immediately regretted the loss of Sherlock’s warm hands but fought the urge to reach out and grab them again. He cleared his throat instead. “I should go.”
“I guess I am,” John answered and couldn’t suppress his smile. Harry was right; he was head over heels here.
"You're still not feeling quite well, aren't you?" John asked quietly as he watched Sherlock's troubled expression.
With that, Sherlock finally registered John properly. He let his eyes roam over his face, as a rush of relief overtook him. John was here, alive and well.
“What was there to misunderstand? I’m pretty sure the schedule I sent you was as clear as it could be otherwise the other two years would’ve made the same mistake. I even reminded you in yesterday’s note.”
Everyone looked at how the firetrucks stopped in front of the school and how the firefighters exited the vehicle. One of them walked straight over to Lestrade, Sherlock and Sarah. He started talking to Lestrade and Sarah immediately, trying to get an update on the situation as fast as possible.
“Sherlock?” John tried. He really wanted to keep himself together, but his voice shook anyway. He didn’t get any response.
Neither one of the men seemed to want to start the conversation. For moments they stood opposite to each other, waiting for the other to take the first step. The thick, uncomfortable silence hung between them. John searched for the right words to open the conversation, but nothing came to mind. After a few more full seconds, Mycroft coughed softly.
"This man you are operating on? He's someone's child, someone's brother, and someone's friend. And above that, he is a good man. So the least you can do is show some respect and learn his damn name!"
I’ve always been sceptical when it comes to my little brother and relationships. Not because I think he’s doesn’t deserve one, but because I don’t want to see him getting hurt. I’ve been trying to protect him from it - told him he doesn’t need one, that he’s better off alone, that caring is not an advantage… but seeing him like this makes me believe I was wrong.
John shared a look with Mycroft. They both knew that a complete splenectomy meant. The risk of getting infections and getting sick was much higher. Sure, you could live without a spleen just fine if you would take your medicines every day and just be careful. But it would mean that Sherlock had to adapt to his current lifestyle. And that was never going to happen.
Thank you for the comments! I'm going on tour with my theatre group this week to play for elder and sick people so I won't be able to write another chapter.
John closed his eyes, pinched the bridge of his nose and breathed in a long, deep breath to keep control of himself. “I want to help you, Sherlock, but you are making it very hard for me to do so,” he started in his don’t-mess-with-me voice. “You are fighting me every step of the way. I don’t know what’s going on inside that giant brain of yours, but you need someone to help you cope with it. If you don’t want to talk to me, that’s fine. But you need to talk to someone. I’m going to reschedule your session. End of discussion.”
John knew he had to be the bigger person here. He knew Sherlock was traumatised and that he was going through detoxification, making everything even harder for him than it already was. But he just couldn’t bring himself to it, not when Sherlock was acting like a five-year-old. “I’ll go talk to Mycroft, then.”
They stood in silence for a minute. John looked at the floor, unable to shake the helpless feeling he started to feel. “I think,” he spoke after a while and ran his hands across his face. “I think I’m out of my league here. I thought I could handle everything, but it just feels like I’m losing control. And I absolutely hate it.”
Sherlock’s head snapped up in the direction of John. It was soft, but he did hear him. It was too much for him to understand and Sherlock knew it. His body tensed, and he tried to control his breathing, but a rush panic ran through his veins. This was going all wrong. He wanted to let John come closer, not to push him away.
“Four days,” John repeated and clenched his fist under the table in an attempt to control his anger. “And you told Molly, Mycroft and people of your homeless network.”
“I’ve had enough,” John hissed through clenched teeth as he tried to keep his anger under control. “You are acting like an annoying five-year-old, and I’m sick of it! You can’t continue like this. Ignore me all you want, but I will not stand here and watch how you are neglecting your body. I know you don’t want to admit it, but you are drained from last night. Hell, I’m exhausted, let alone you. You are going to sleep, and after that, you are going to eat a proper meal.”
But before I got the chance to do something with that information, they decided I had to see what the business was like first-hand.”
The look of surprise I get when I offer him a cigarette would be laughable if the man wasn’t about to lose it. He quietly takes one out of the package, lights it, and he lets out a sigh. I do the same and take a good look; it’s not often that I see Sherlock like this, so lost, so vulnerable. He’s clearly doesn’t know what to do or how to react, but I’m about to give him some perspective.
He started thinking about what he needed at those moments. He had needed quiet. No sudden movements or noises. Reassurance. He needed to feel safe, not to feel alone. John swallowed. He knew he had to try everything to succeed. If he didn’t, Sherlock wouldn’t trust him anymore.
“I’m sorry,” John spoke eventually and let go of Sherlock’s gaze. “I shouldn’t have gone on holiday, and I shouldn’t have left you on your own to deal with the aftermath.” He cleared his throat and shifted his seat slightly. “For what it’s worth, though, I didn’t particularly enjoy my trip.”
You wouldn't believe the struggle I had with this chapter... It nearly made me want to give up the fic, but the lovely Ohlooktheresabee helped me through it! And low and behold, after months, it's finally there!
“Wait a minute,” Mike said suddenly like he had some kind of realisation. “Sherlock went to Roehampton as well. Did you two know each other back then?”
For a second, John thought about waking Sherlock up so he could get some more sleep in a proper bed, but he decided against it. He reached for the blanket that lay over the armrest and pulled it over Sherlock’s sleeping form. John’s hand stayed on the man’s shoulder for a moment, and he had to fight the urge to run his hand through the thick, dark curls.
And for the first time, John allowed himself to feel the impact. Everything he had heard Sherlock tell the other day fell on him like a heavy weight. He felt the pain; he felt the sorrow. But most of all, he felt injustice.
“Like him as a friend, huh?” he asked seconds later, the smirk on his face clearly audible in his voice.
Lestrade looked Sherlock right in his eyes and held his gaze for a moment. “I’m just trying to prevent that you fall from the wagon again.”
There was something in the way she asked the question that made John want to defend himself, and Sherlock, instantly. “I think he’s doing the best he can at the moment. His pain is manageable; he’s mobile enough to take on a case. He’s sometimes struggling, but that’s expected.”
And then, he thought of a conversation he and Sherlock had two years ago. It was a brief one, just a casual talk between two friends. But Sherlock had taken it seriously, very seriously even.
John huffed out a laugh. “You can’t be serious, right?” he asked in disbelief, but when he saw Sherlock’s stern look, his grin subsided. “Sherlock, Sarah and I dated for four months; I would hardly call that a… Hold on. Are you jealous? Is that what this is all about?”
Suddenly, noise filled the room. John was startled by the sound. He looked around, but couldn’t quite place it. Then he saw the phone on the desk. Who would call to his room and not to his mobile phone?
The next day, John had informed Sherlock he thought would be a good idea to deal with the aftermath by going on a holiday. To the other side of the world to visit an old friend, together with Sarah. He had booked two tickets and had packed his bags before Sherlock could convince him not to go. He still tried, though,  which had let to a heated argument where John eventually had forbidden Sherlock to reach out to him for work.
John was silent for a moment; the colour rising high to his cheeks as he bent down to tie his shoelaces. The thought of doing those things with Sherlock made his knees feel weak. “We haven’t…”
I hope you all are doing fine! Crazy times, right? It feels incredibly strange to be sitting at home while I should be teaching instead.
I also want to thank you guys for leaving kudos and comments. They really make my day! So if you have a second, please leave a comment behind! I promise it will make me smile! :)
John shook his head. “No, I don’t think so. He tried to talk to Sherlock multiple times. But he isn’t talking. He isn’t himself. He’s aggressive, violent even. Attacked his brother twice.”
“Are you coming inside or do you want to stay hovering on my doorstep?” John asked and stepped aside as an invitation.
Sherlock woke up abruptly and sat up with a jolt. He looked around in fear, eyes searching for something he could recognise. His first thought was John. He needed to know John was okay. He was shaking, his breath was ragged, and he could feel the strains of tears on his cheek. But that didn’t matter. He needed to find John.
Sherlock sat on one of the bottom steps and was tapping nervously on his knee with his left hand. In his right, he had his phone, which he used to check the time every other minute. In the forty-one minutes, he sat there; his mind had made up every scenario, every reason and every excuse for why John was running shamefully late. But he only conclusion Sherlock had reached in the end was that John had made up his mind and didn’t want to go on a date with him after all.
Patrick did his examination, and John was pleased to see that the strength Sherlock once had wasn't gone completely. The last thing John wanted to be was for Sherlock to be utterly dependable at home. It would drive him crazy.
“John has nothing to do with this,” Sherlock replied too quickly. He knew he was showing Lestrade more than he wanted, but he couldn’t bring himself to care anymore. If he would go down for it, he would accept the consequences. But he desperately wanted to spare John. “He doesn’t even know I have them.”
Sherlock ignored John for the second time. “And I want to visit the victim’s apartment. John, let’s go. I refuse to wait until the fine officers of the Yard are free to accompany us. I will see you there, Lestrade.” He didn’t wait for the other two men to move and walked to the door.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, not meeting John’s gaze. John sat down and waited for Sherlock to start talking. He watched him open his mouth to say something, and then he closed it again.
After a long moment of working in complete silence, John looked up. This was one of the many moments where John realized how strangely familiar it felt to work with Sherlock.
With his decision made, John walked towards the west entrance. He immediately saw the man from earlier waiting at a black car. The man gave a small nod as a sign and opened the door to let John step inside the vehicle.
Philip glowers at Sherlock. “It’s the first day of the new year. I don’t want it to be contaminated by your presence. We clear on that?”
The woman snorted. “Principal Lestrade is expecting you. His office is at the end of the hallway to your left.”
John waved it away. “We’ll figure it out. Besides, let’s not get ahead of things. We need to go on this date first, see how it goes from there.”
“You need to see things from a different angle. Donovan isn’t trying to steal him away from you; she’s trying to help. We all are. Go back inside; I’m sure everything will be fine. You just need to be a little braver.”
Department B12, room 3. That was the department where Sherlock was. It was a nursing ward with extra supervision, Mycroft had told John. To John's surprise, there were only four rooms in the ward. The other three rooms weren’t occupied, something Mycroft undoubtedly had arranged. Room three was at the far end of the ward. It had a large window next to the door.
He suddenly felt a little guilty, realising he was the reason John hadn’t slept well. When they finally got upstairs last night, it was nearly three o’clock in the morning. They went to bed in silence, but John had known precisely what Sherlock needed. He had taken the detective in his arms and had pressed him close against his chest, not caring about the fact they had pretended their sleeping arrangement was a secret to the other. Sherlock was gone immediately, but that was only because he knew John would watch over him, which he apperantly had done at the expense of his own sleep.
He put down his cup quickly, looked at the sofa and although he only could see Sherlock’s back, John immediately knew what was going on. Sherlock was having a nightmare.
John looked at his message and started doubting his words. Maybe it was too casual. He quickly decided to send another message.
Dry mouth. Headache. Nauseous. The awful feeling of a hangover engulfed John even before he opened his eyes. He immediately regretted trying. The room was spinning his headache spiked massively. Even the smallest crack of light that came through the curtains was too much. He struggled to get the glass of water and the paracetamol that stood on the bedside table next to the guest bed.
Sherlock looked up into John’s eyes and felt a little less nervous. The look on John’s face was so open and full of adoration that he again wondered if John felt the same about him. He was close, very close. He searched for some discomfort in John’s face but didn’t find any.  He licked his lips before whispering. “There were some things I wanted to say back then. I…”
The waiting room of a hospital always was a strange place to be. Whether it was because somebody was hoping to receive good news, or expecting to get bad news, people were still a little anxious for what was about to come. It didn’t matter if you were waiting with ten people or, in this case, had the waiting room for yourself; there was always this energy around. And even though he was a doctor, John couldn’t shake it.
Time passed by quickly, and soon it was almost 8.40. John took a deep breath, a new rush of nervousness overtook him. He stood up and started pacing around the classroom.
The detective guided John through the door at the back of the café. He led him through the kitchen, opened the backdoor and gently pushed him outside. There, he took hold of John’s arms and firmly pressed him against the brick wall. “John,” Sherlock said in a calm but firm voice. “You’re starting to have a panic attack, and I need you to take a deep breath for me.”
He had felt the need to walk on eggshells the rest of the day around Sherlock. He did his best not to ask, not to linger and not to make comments about what happened that morning during the meeting or with principal Lestrade. The fact that Sherlock seemed in a mood short after that didn’t help. He had become snappy, arrogant and had decided that John was more of a burden than a help the rest of the day. John really did his best to keep the mood light and to stay as pleasant as possible, but Sherlock didn’t make it easy to do so.
The music switches to a slow waltz, and Donovan steps closer and bends a little forward. I know how this must look to someone who’s watching us dance: like we’re involved. I feel a pang of guilt when I realise that Sherlock must have seen that as well.
“The fire brigade is on its way; we can’t do anything.” Lestrade ran his hands across his face. “We’re lucky no kids are facing this side of the building. The fire isn’t on the second floor, so they are not in immediate danger. The best thing we can do is wait.”
Thank you so much for all the comments and kudos. As you can see, you helped a lot! It means so much to me to know you guys like the story!
Hi there, and welcome to this new fic! This idea was planted as a seed inside my crazy brain and I couldn't get it out. So enjoy the ride and feel free to comment! I love to hear from you :)
Sherlock swallowed, and John could feel him tense. “John, I—” the detective started, but the words got stuck in his throat.
Six months. That is how long he would go on a mission in Eastern Europe. John had been waiting, along with Mary. For months he had wondered if he was still alive if he would see him again. But as the months progressed, his hope faded away. Instead, he started to feel empty. It was a downward spiral from there, with the result of him and Mary getting a divorce within the year they got married. Mary took Rosie with her too, but that was a mutual decision. John was okay with it.
Lestrade looked at Sherlock and let the words sink in. He seemed to consider his options for a moment. Then, he sighed and continued, some of his anger replaced by disappointment. ”You know, I really want to, but I can’t. I can’t trust you after this. Because here you are; obstructing the investigation, while there are men out there who are being tortured.”
John had not anticipated staying overnight when he got wheeled into the hospital. He had told the paramedics, doctors and nurses repeatably that he was fine, but apparently, they took smoke inhalation very serious. They insisted on keeping him for observation.
Dr. Wilson paused briefly to type some things down on her computer before she continued. “All right, let’s continue with the examination, shall we?”
He took the glass in both of his hands and lowered it into his lap. He closed his eyes and braced himself before he continued.
"Doctor Wilson started a laparoscopic splenectomy with anterior approach. Everything went as expected, but when we identified the splenic artery, the patient started bleeding profusely. Doctor Wilson is prepping for an open splenectomy as we speak, but requested your approval before proceeding."
The second method is quite the same, but we’ll use pharmaceutical GHB instead of Valium. We’ll decrease the dosage to zero in approximately twelve days. The downside to this kind of treatment is that we don’t treat the psychological issues such as hallucination and psychosis. Still, we can monitor that and treat it with other medications.
Sherlock noticed it too and looked up for a second before returning his gaze downward. “Well, there… I’ve wanted to… I’m…” The words got stuck in his throat, and he let out a frustrated sigh. Why was this so hard?
He realised it was the first time he was alone since Mycroft had picked him up, apart from the brief moment in his hotel room yesterday when he had read Sherlock’s note. And all of a sudden, he felt exhausted. It felt like his world was upside down again, and he wasn’t able to control it.
Sherlock gave a small nod, and John swore that could kiss Patrick for his suggestion. The man probably really was the best.
John started to laugh again. He then stood up, took the two empty cups and walked to the door. “More coffee and then get back to work?”
Mike gave John nudge in the ribs. “Shall I get the next round then, since you’ve got your mind occupied? Sherlock, what would you like to drink? A beer? Something else?”
“all right, you need to snap out of this. I know you’re probably thinking about all kinds of things right now, but it’s no good.” Mrs Hudson tried in a calm voice. “Come on, take a deep breath.”
“Do you need to stop for a moment?” Maggie asked after a minute, her voice soft and encouraging. Sherlock knew she meant well, but if he stopped now, he wouldn’t be able to continue. He shook his head in response and reached for the glass of water on his nightstand. He took a sip and noticed his hands were shaking. When had they started to do so?
When I open the door, John is standing in the hallway. He looks stunning in his dark-green velvet suit, but what really takes my breath away is the look on his face. The open, warm, affectionate look that makes my heart stutter, and I instantly know he doesn’t think I’m ugly.
He looked at his alarm clock and decided to get up and take an early morning walk at the cliffs so he could clear his head before work.
Sherlock looked down at John and hesitated for a moment. Then, he also sat down opposite John, feeling a little relieved. “Thank you,” he said. The corners of his mouth curled up a little. “What would you like to do first?”
Dr. Wilson stood up from her chair, walked to the door and poked her head outside briefly. “Linda, could you bring Mr. Holmes to the plaster room so his cast could be removed? Thank you.” She turned to Sherlock and waited for him to rise from his seat. She held out her hand. “I’ll see you at our next appointment.”
John shifted Alice slightly so her face would rest in the crook of his upper arm, trying to protect her as much as possible. He started his descend, one step at a time as he tried to keep his balance. His eyes began to sting and he tried to blink away the tears that were forming.
Sherlock went over it again and again, searching for a possible way, a loophole which would get John and those kids out of that building safe and sound. But he couldn’t think of anything. That was when he was struck by a horrid thought.
John was startled for a moment. He wasn’t surprised by the fact that Sherlock knew his address, but why was he here? His first thought was that Sherlock wanted to continue the discussing and bickering, but when he looked at the man, he noticed his body language. This wasn’t someone who was here to fight. This was someone in need of his company.
John realised that he had to approach this situation extremely calmly and carefully. He had had panic attacks himself when he had just returned from Afghanistan, but never as bad as this. This was a whole new level of panic.
Sherlock looked like he was about to comment on that, but he didn't. Instead, he just shifted a bit and looked away.
Mrs Hudson let out a squeal and John looked up in surprise. “Oh, I knew it! I knew it from the moment I saw you standing on my doorstep!”
When I feel his lips against mine, I can’t withhold the sigh that escapes me. It’s a sigh of relief, of letting go of that long build-up tension, of finally feeling complete. I always expected our first kiss to be frantic and full of pent-up energy, but it isn’t anything like that. It’s not a kiss that’s formed through want, but through love.
"No," Sherlock interrupted. "Let go of me." His voice was shaking, and John saw the shimmer of fear across his face. This wasn't good. He looked scared, terrified even.
Before he could answer, Holly stood up and walked through the door behind the reception. A moment later, she came back with a mug of steaming, hot coffee, handing it to John.
Mycroft saw how his words pierced through the façade Sherlock was trying to hold up. Sherlock's body tensed some more; a slight shiver ran through his spine. He pressed his eyes shut.
“Okay, listen up everybody,” John called out to the students. Slowly, everybody turned their heads towards him and became silent. When everybody had their attention on him again, John continued. “I have to compliment you. You guys were really focused on the project and worked together really well. I look forward to hearing your ideas. For now, make sure your tables are empty before you leave the classroom, and don’t forget to put your chair on the table. We will go to the music room when everyone is ready.”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate and gave a small nod. He needed to feel John needed to make sure nothing had happened to him. There was a soft rustling on the floor, and Sherlock heard John shift closer. He wanted to place his hand on Sherlock’s knee, but Sherlock didn’t give him a chance. He let himself fall forward against John’s shoulder, into his strong arms which wrapped around him immediately.
“Obviously,” Mycroft replied. He stood up from his chair, leaning heavily onto the armrests. John saw him wince slightly.
John raised a questioning eyebrow at the older Holmes brother, who just sighed in answer. "Care to fill me in here? What happened?" he asked Mycroft, but Sherlock was quicker in response.
“Yes, I know,” John sighed. “I’m sorry about that. I got held up by someone, and I forgot to text you. I know it’s a lame excuse and not a great start, but-”
John walked to the kitchen with the empty cups, placed them in the sink and decided he would clean the rest tomorrow. He put the kettle on, waited for the water to boil and poured himself a cup of chamomile tea hoping to catch his sleep again.
The man clearly wasn’t pleased with John’s answer. He straightened himself and looked down at John with a hard look. “You tell me.”
Her flirtatious tone doesn’t go unnoticed, and I let my eyes glance over her face. She is pretty, with long dark-blonde hair, clear-blue eyes and a couple of freckles around her nose. She looks like a genuinely sweet girl, and I know that usually, she would definitely be someone who I would fall for.
Without warning, a rush of emotions came over John, and suddenly he felt everything. But mostly, he felt pain, maybe heartache even. It hurt. It hurt to see Sherlock like this. It hurt like hell.
"Doctor Watson," it sounded on the other end of the line. John immediately knew it was the hospital. “I'm sorry to call you in the middle of the night, but we don’t know what to do with Mr Holmes. He has been very nervous for a few hours and doesn't talk anymore. When we get close to him, he only seems to become more anxious. We cannot administer medication or help him this way. "
Opening the cabinet under the sink, John found an old towel. He folded it and put it loosely around Alice’s mouth and nose. It wasn’t the best solution, but it had to do. He scooped one arm under her shoulders and one arm under her knees and picked her up in one swift move. She was a bit heavier than he anticipated, but nothing he couldn’t carry.
John had no idea how long they had sat on the cold floor. They sat in complete silence, and John felt how Sherlock slowly started to relax, almost melting against his chest. He waited patiently for Sherlock to make the first move, not able to let go just yet.
I smile at Greg, take a big gulp and sigh, silently agreeing that going to a pub on a weekday was a good idea. We’ll probably regret it in the morning – we aren’t in our college years anymore - but I couldn’t resist when Greg called. Plus, I could use somebody to talk to as well.
He was moving uncontrollably, every muscle in his body tensed, the grasp on his blanket so hard his knuckles where white. When John stood up, he could see the tiny drops of sweat on Sherlock’s forehead. He was mumbling unintelligible; his face scrunched up in a hard grimace.
From the moment they entered Lestrade’s department, John tried to push his unsettling feeling aside and decided to focus on the case. But it took only a couple of seconds before the officers noticed who walked in. John felt how everyone turned their heads and how every eye was on him and Sherlock. The conversations fell quiet and made way for some soft whispering. John narrowed his eyes and looked around. He had forgotten the lack of decency of most of the Yarders. The man was going to help the Yard to find their criminal, probably catch him single-handedly, and they were just staring at Sherlock like some kind of surreal thing.
But John didn’t care. He pushed the doctor aside, entered the room and stood by the bed. He looked at Sherlock’s face, which was extremely pale. His eyes were shut tight. John heard someone calling his name, but he didn’t respond. He tried to block out the people and the voices in the room. His focus was now entirely on Sherlock.
“He has a panic attack,” Mycroft muttered, still looking pale. John looked at Mycroft and tried to read his face. He almost looked scared.
Sherlock interrupted him before he could finish his sentence. “No. I’m going. End of discussion.” He walked past John and was about to step out of his room when John spoke quietly.
Sherlock finally looked defeated and gave a small nod. Lestrade started walking out of the classroom. On his way out, he stopped at John’s side, who was looking at the ground and patted him on his shoulder. “Keep an eye on him, will you?” Lestrade said to him softly. John just nodded in answer.
“There you are,” John said. “I was saying we should leave in 10 minutes.” He narrowed his eyes a bit. “Are you all right? I told you about four times, but you were completely lost in your thoughts.”
John didn’t say anything in response, but Sherlock could see him smile. Suddenly Sherlock felt more comfortable than he had been the whole night. Something about John made him feel safe, which was unique. He looked at John and was greeted by kind, dark blue eyes and Sherlock felt his heart skip a beat. He was completely mesmerised by the man in front of him. How could he feel so secure when he was in John’s presence, even though they only knew each other for a couple of weeks now?
“Let’s have a look at which subject we teach when, and make an overview and work from there?” John suggested.
John quickly tried to regain himself and got up from his chair. He didn’t want to know anything more. He wanted to be alone. He held out his hand towards Mycroft as a sign of goodbye. "Thank you for letting me know. If you would like to excuse me now, I have two house visits."
“You interviewed them, friends, relatives, colleagues?” Sherlock asked. He didn’t wait for an answer but stood up and started pacing across the room, clearly not paying attention to the conversation anymore.
Patrick obliged and backed away a little, a little startled by the sudden turn of events. He stood up and looked at John questioningly.
“I… No,” Sherlock replied, and John frowned and gave him a look. Of course, John wouldn’t believe him. He felt his cheeks warm some more. “Yes. Maybe a little,” he mumbled softly and looked down again.
John’s mind stopped racing abruptly when two piercing blue eyes looked directly at him. John gave Sherlock a small, comforting smile, although he hated to admit it maybe was more for himself than for Sherlock. The detective pleasantly surprised him by giving back a little, private smile, but it was only there for a second. After that, his smile faltered. John didn’t miss the pained, confused expression he had when he turned away. He was about to ask what was wrong, but he was interrupted by Sherlock’s name being called.
There was a slight quiver in Mycroft’s voice that made John believe him instantly. He clenched his jaw. How was this possible? How could this be happening again? Suddenly, John knew precisely why Mycroft was here. He wasn’t just here to bring the news; he needed something.
Sherlock closed his note with “I’ll see you tomorrow,” and John felt a rush of warmth spreading through his body. He couldn’t help himself. The foresight of seeing Sherlock and fill him in about how he was experiencing his first days made him happy.
Around 6.30, John took his briefcase, left his apartment, and started walking in no general direction. He bought a sandwich at one of the stands on the corner of the street and was pleased to notice that his mind was a lot more at ease than earlier this morning. He allowed his thoughts to come and go as he walked through the city.
John didn’t reply and shrugged. Of course, he cared about Sherlock, that was no secret. He’d always care for the man, friends or not. But why did Greg’s statement made him feel uncomfortable then? And why was he so affected by all of this, more then he wanted? Why did it feel like he was about to lose someone he… loved?
His trail of thought was interrupted by someone knocking at his front door. He looked outside his window. There was a woman on his doorstep, but he didn’t recognise her. He stood up, walked to the front door and opened it. Immediately, he wished he hadn’t.
I reach up with my hand to brush a curl away from your forehead and sigh. I know you were questioning my feelings for you, that you started to think this all is too good to be true. That even after last night, you still believe that I don’t want this with you. But you’re mistaken; there’s nothing I’d love more.
John looked around. “Bit different from my day,” he said, turning on his heels to take in the whole classroom.
“Hey,” John started carefully. He gently grabbed one of Sherlock’s wrists, not caring if it was the best thing he could do right now or not. Sherlock didn’t flinch. Instead, he let John pull his hand from his ears slightly. “It’s okay. There’s nothing there anymore.”
Mycroft looked up from his computer and furrowed his eyebrows at the sight of John Watson standing in the door opening. A quick glance told him that the doctor was angry, furious even. Normally, Mycroft would make a dismissive comment and send the person opposite him away instantly, but in the last few weeks, he had grown a new kind of respect for the doctor. The man seemed the only one who could help Sherlock get on the right track again, and for that, Mycroft was immensely grateful to him. So the least he could offer in return was him treating the doctor as an equal.
“Good, that’s good,” John smiled. “Because I don’t care, Sherlock. I don’t care If you don’t know how to do this, or if you don’t have much experience. I’m sure we’ll figure it out. And for what it’s worth, you are the first man who I’m taking on an actual date. So that makes us quite even, don’t you think?”
John just gave him an answering smile and turned back to the window to stare out of it, and Sherlock did the same, his mind buzzing.
He enjoyed working there. It  had taken him a while before he was used to the personal approach that was required for working in such a small village, but after a while, he knew his patients, and they knew him. It wasn’t always as busy as he would like, but that didn't matter. He could do what he was good at, which was his point of working there.
After the lunch break, the class started to work on a new project. John had come up with the idea to start a blog about the class and the events that would take place during the upcoming year. Sherlock wasn’t a big fan of the idea at first. It would take a lot of dedication and was probably going to be one of those projects they would start with a lot of enthusiasm, but forget about It halfway during the year. But he gave John his blessing to go ahead if he wanted to.
Around 5, John decided he had done enough. He packed his briefcase, closed the workplace where he had been sitting the last few hours and walked through the hallway, only to run into Molly and Mike.
He had wanted to contact John so many times he lost count. He had typed numerous texts, which he deleted every time, and had been hovering over the call button for mere hours. But every time he wanted to call, he couldn’t bring himself to it. Not after his almost-love-declaration. What could someone possibly say after that?
To Sherlock’s surprise, John didn’t say anything. Instead, he fumbled around in his pockets. “Here,” he said and held out a strip of painkillers. “Sorry, I don’t have any water with me.”
Sherlock nodded. “Sister,” John heard Sherlock mutter when he walked away, and John couldn’t wipe the grin off his face.
Mycroft looked a little surprised and frowned slightly. Then, he gave a short nod. John walked out of his office and straight into the kitchen, trying to avoid eye contact.
The class started cheering and clapping, and John couldn’t help but smile at the surprised look on Sherlock’s face. He clearly didn’t anticipate this turn of events, and John couldn’t help but feel a little smug with himself.
They both got out simultaneously when the driver pulled the car in front of the restaurant. John looked up at the name sign. “Angelo’s,” he read. “Perfect, I’m always in the mood for Italian.”
This startled John a bit. “Yes,” He said fiercely, but continued right after.  “No… I don’t know.” He let out a frustrated sigh and sat down in the chair.
He guided Sherlock to the window and opened it. Sherlock immediately leaned into the fresh air, took a deep sigh and tried to slow down his thoughts. For a moment, they just stood there, letting the cold air fill their lungs and clean their heads.
John didn't say anything. Sherlock was describing Baker Street as the house where he would return to like it was the most normal thing. He knew he couldn't avoid the subject anymore, knowing one of the next questions would be if Sherlock had any support at home. John made up his mind quickly. He couldn't leave Sherlock alone even if he wanted to. He could at least stay with him until he was feeling better. They would sort out the rest later.
Sherlock stood still with the doorknob in his hand. Although he didn’t turn around, John could hear the smile underneath his voice.
John felt the anger creeping into his body and knew that he could not control himself for much longer. Usually, he was able to control his anger. He had learned this during army training. But Mycroft had turned John’s life upside down too many times now. The man didn’t seem to have no problem pretending that someone was dead, to let someone do the dirty work "for the governments’ best interest," or to send one of his relatives away on a suicide mission. No, he didn’t have any goodwill left for the older Holmes brother.
As quietly as he could, John began to pick up the cardboard boxes and threw them in the trash. After that, he took some of the cups that lay around. Sherlock suddenly stirred, and John stopped in his tracks, afraid to have woken Sherlock. But Sherlock just jostled around, still sound asleep.
a volatile flammable liquid hydrocarbon mixture used as a fuel especially for internal combustion engines and usually blended from several products of natural gas and petroleum
Mycroft just nodded in answer. For a long moment, they just sat opposite each other in silence. Mycroft looked at the doctor. The man had done so much for Sherlock and never thought of himself. And even when he was doing everything he could, he still wanted to do more for him. He cared for him, cherished him even. It was then that Mycroft realised that the words Sherlock had been referring to in his note as “unspoken”, weren’t unspoken at all. The doctor had answered them without knowing.
He was pleased to see that Sherlock left a note for him in where he wrote what he had done with the students. There were no difficulties or things they had to discuss, which John was happy about. The last thing he wanted was to start this year with a lot of problems.
John chuckled and looked at the man in front of him. He was adorable like this; his cheeks slightly pinkened, clearly not realizing John felt the same about him. John decided it would be better to let Sherlock figure it out on his own rather than telling him. He stepped a little closer and gave him a daring look. “You were jealous?” he flirted.
At last, principal Lestrade looked up from John’s resume. “I would love to have you on board, John. If you want, I can offer you a two-day job in our new year 4 class and one and a half-day teaching physical education to our 4
“Where is he?” John asked. He tried to keep his voice as steady as possible, but still, there was a small quiver in his voice.
Two and a half weeks ago, he and John had met Moriarty in the pool and had come incredibly close to being killed. It wasn’t as much of a first for Sherlock, and he knew John had faced death as well, but it was the first time that John had been in the middle of it all. And even though Sherlock found it hard to accept, that small fact had messed with him more than he liked.
“I'm not responsible for a class, is there something I can do to help?” he asked, looking from the principal to Sarah.
“Harry and I don’t get on, never have. Clara and Harry split up three months ago, and they’re getting a divorce. And Harry is a drinker.”
The words were out of his mouth before he could rethink them, and Sherlock knew he had said too much. He had shown John his true feelings, feelings he didn’t have the chance to examine himself.
John let out a laugh. “Shut up. He has a head full of curls. Dark brown, almost black. He’s slim; not in the skinny kind of way, but in an elegant way. And his eyes are beautiful. They seem to shift from grey to green to blue.” He paused a moment to adjust the sleeves of his shirt, unable to look Harry in the eye. The thought of Sherlock made his stomach flip and his cheeks warm.
“John, please,” I gasp when his fingers leave me. He gives me a tentative smile before he reaches for the tube on the bed and lubes himself up. He places himself above me with precision. A moan escapes my lips when I feel him against me.
He sighed. Now, he thought it sounded too desperate. He almost wanted to write another message when Molly came back with fresh beers. John decided to let it go and put his phone away. He turned his attention back to Molly and Mike, who were chatting about their new classes now.
Sherlock’s whole body started trembling. “But of course, they found out. That’s when it got ugly.” His voice broke. “They tried to torture information out of me. I didn’t give them any. Then, they decided to try different ways to force me to have sex. That’s why they gave me the GHB.” He let out a small huff. “It was the first time that being an addict had his perks. I had a high tolerance, so I didn’t pass out and was still able to stay conscious enough to fight back.”
John bent over to his briefcase on the floor, took out his resume and handed it to the principal who took it and flipped through it without saying anything.
This made Sherlock look up from his files. He narrowed his eyes and calculated his options. After a second, he seemed to come to a conclusion there weren’t many. Looking around, he grabbed the nearest takeaway box and shoved a spoon full of noodles into his mouth. “Happy?” he hissed after swallowing his bite.
“Please,” I answer politely. What happens next is surprising, to say the least. John places a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder to get a reaction, and when he does, my brother looks up and gives the good doctor a small smile.
John chuckled a little. “And here I am, wondering why everyone is implying you’re difficult to work with.”
John looked at the man with a stern face. How on earth did he know about his ankle? “I don’t want to sit down.”
He sighed. This meant he had to check most of the previous work from the students to see what they had done on Friday and that he didn’t know if there were any problems or things he was supposed to know about. He looked at the clock, If he wanted to finish preparing everything before the students arrived, he better had to hurry.
“We are descending in 10 minutes,” John heard the pilot say through his headset. Mycroft took his phone from his pocket and started texting again. John turned back to the window and continued to enumerate his list of facts once again.
John inhaled deeply and braced himself. “Okay. I’ll start with an easy one. How long beforehand did you plan it?”
There, in the window of the far corner of the second floor stood two children, were screaming and banging on the windows, desperately trying to get someone’s attention.
“Oh, that’s perfect! My partner bailed, but I’m supposed to participate in the dance marathon the next hour. I'm sure you still can do the quickstep!” Donovan smiles and grabs John’s arm. “You don’t mind if I borrow him for a bit, right?”
Sherlock hadn’t moved. He still stood in the middle of the room with the photo in his hands. When John got closer, he noticed Sherlock’s hands were shaking. “Sherlock?” he began softly. But Sherlock didn’t answer. He just looked down at the photo, completely lost in his own thoughts.
He stood next to the older Holmes brother. Mycroft kept looking through the window, his attitude professional and distant. It was clear that the emotion John had seen yesterday after the conversation with Sherlock was unintended.
Sherlock shifted under his sheets to face Mycroft, but John still wasn’t able to see his face. “Didn’t you hear me? Get out,” he said again.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open. John’s heart sank when he saw the pained, almost desperate look in his eyes.
John sat up straight in his chair and took a moment to reflect upon what Dr. Wilson was saying. How dare she suggest that he wasn’t able to see what was going on? That he didn’t act as a doctor when it came to Sherlock? That he was jeopardizing Sherlock’s health?  He tightened his fists to keep his anger under control. “That’s quite an accusation you are making, especially when you don’t know what he’s like and what he needs. Believe me; I’m doing the best I can.”
John sat on his knees and looked more closely at the girl in front of him and tried to recall what he had learned during his first-aid course. He knew he had to check her breathing and pulse regularly, and that he had to check for other injuries.
“Undoubtedly,” Sherlock answered without looking up. He reached out his hand and waited for Lestrade to give him the files.
“Actually,” John started and reached for Sherlock’s hand. When Sherlock looked up, he gave him a warm smile. “That sounds perfect.”
John just huffed in response. He could have seen this coming. At least Sherlock had arranged that Molly would accompany him, so he didn’t need to organise any last-minute things, but still.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment. “Almost,” he answered and looked down at his hands, clearly disappointed in himself.
When he arrived at the door that went to the staircase, he kneeled to check if he could open the door safely. He placed the back of his hand against the top and sides of the door to check for heat. Luckily, the door didn’t feel hot. He leaned with his shoulder against the door and opened it slowly. The moment he got through the door, he started running up the stairs to the second floor and checked the next door, he came across just to be save. After that, he rushed to the classroom where he had seen the students.
He quickly walked over to Mike, who was also complete, before walking back to the other side of the building to find Lestrade and Sarah looking at the burning building.
But as time passed by, John felt his hope fade away. After an hour, he finally convinced himself that if Sherlock wanted to join them, he would be there by now. He was about to get up from his chair to get the next round when the door of the pub opened again. A tall, dark-haired figure entered the pub and John could feel a rush of excitement running through his body.
"Now, I do understand your excellent reputation at the 5thNortumberland Fusiliers. Nobody would dare to go against captain John Watson."
“I’m sorry,” Greg began. “but I’m completely out of my league here. If I could, I would go to someone else, but we are grasping at straws here. We need to act quickly."
He opened the door to the door to Sherlock’s bedroom without knocking and entered. Sherlock sat on the edge of the bad and was tying his shoelaces. One quick glance was enough for him to know what John was going to say. “Don’t,” he said and stood up to face John.
John felt his nerves cool down a bit and smiled at the principal. “No problem. I’m just glad everyone’s okay.”
Sherlock looked up at John. There was something about the way he stood, about the way he looked at him. There was sympathy in John’s eyes, and Sherlock didn’t need more deductions to know why. “They told you.”
After a moment, Sherlock decided it wasn’t enough. He deepened the kiss, let his tongue touch John’s bottom lip. John answered with his, and the kiss grew firmer, more determined.
John raised his eyebrows. “Because I just came back from a two-week holiday? Don’t tell me you didn’t notice I was gone.”
Holly grinned at him. “It looks like you didn’t have the best nights’ sleep. Would you like to have some coffee?”
He looked down at his feet, wrapping his mind around the words he wanted to say to Sherlock. He wanted to comfort him, to let him know his secret was safe with him. When John looked up again, he saw a defensive look on Sherlock’s face.
It was no use. Sherlock stirred and turned, but he couldn’t keep his mind from racing. First, he thought about last night, his nightmare still easy to recall. He had been back in Mitrovica, where he had been standing with a man kneeling before him. The man had his back turned to him. Sherlock had held a gun in his hand and knew he had to shoot the man… It wasn’t as much of a nightmare than a memory, and he knew he had to tell John about it eventually.
“He normally doesn’t do that, John,” Mike explained. “He doesn’t give much about his colleagues or his partner. Sure, he’s a great teacher and if you get to know him a nice man as well, but he’s kind of a loner. And a perfectionist, if I might add. The fact that he’s helping you figure things out is saying a lot,” he grinned.
Molly nodded in answer. “Yeah, but I wished I got accepted at St. Mary’s. I loved their study program and their extra subjects.”
After a couple of more minutes, Sherlock lifted his head slightly from John’s chest and looked up to John. “Thank you,” he said softly. He sounded utterly worn out.
“But I’m dealing with a child,” Lestrade countered. “Sherlock, I want you on my staff, but you can’t do this on your own. Clear?”
“Good. Listen,” John continued. “Don’t apologise for what happened. You have absolutely nothing to be sorry for. You didn’t do anything. This wasn’t a choice. This is something that happened to you. Am I making myself clear?”
“Dr Watson, Mycroft spoke deliberately. “My brother was held hostage for months. They found significant traces of gamma-hydroxybutyrate in his blood. He was tortured, physically and mentally. It was my idea to send him to Eastern Europe. And you are saying it’s not my fault?”
John sighed and backed away a little. “Look,” he began. “I don’t want to get you into trouble or anything. I want to work with you and be your friend if you let me. But last week was… It has been…” he searched for the right words, but Sherlock interrupted him.
“No. Try all you want, But I’m going to fill in for somebody else because someone neglected to get his flu shot.”
After two minutes, he stops at a Chinese restaurant and waits for me. Seeing him standing there with his hand on the door handle brings back a memory.
Sherlock didn’t look up. He wasn’t surprised that John was the one who came looking for him. He knew his other colleagues wouldn’t dare.
“Oh, you don’t know that. For all you know, there is something worse going on inside your body. Do you know what smoke inhalation can do to your lungs?” Sherlock raised his voice again and started to get angry with John. “You realise we could’ve lost you, right? Not to mention those kids? You would have traumatised our kids with your stupidity! They could have lost their classmates and their teacher, John!”
The silence hung between them, both men unable to find the right words. John had expected himself to panic, but the opposite was true. He almost felt serene,  because he knew all along that his feelings weren’t something he had made up as a way to cope with his loss.
There were risks. He knew that. But he couldn’t back out now. He had to be careful and stay calm. He had to be brave. The fact that he had learned how to deal with a crisis during his stay in Afghanistan somehow was a very comforting thought. He had learned what to do in a fire and could apply first aid if necessary. Besides, knew that from all his colleagues, he was the most qualified to deal with this.
John started to feel a little panicky himself. He desperately wanted to find out what could cause this, but he just couldn’t find something. What if there wasn’t a cause that he could take away? Would it be possible that all of this was inside Sherlock’s head?
John stopped and raised her eyebrows at her. She really needed to stop calling him a freak. He opened his mouth to comment about it, but Sherlock is ahead of him.
“I’m not his medical proxy,” Mycroft said, tiredness audible in his voice. “Of course, my brother is full of surprises. He assigned you."
It was barely a whisper, but John heard it loud and clear. It made his skin crawl with anger. He clenched his fists and set his jaw, ready to defend Sherlock in any way needed. He waited for Sherlock to fire a snarl, but he didn’t say anything.
Oh dear... my first attempt to write a Sherlock Fic (I know, i'm a little late to the party)! Little nervous about it, though...
“Thank you,” Sherlock spoke after a moment. John didn’t answer. He looked at Sherlock and saw him struggle. He gave him a moment to find the right words. There was another long silence.
And with that, Sherlock let himself fall into John’s embrace again, not letting him go for the rest of the night.
But the thought of Sherlock getting to go home didn't make John jump up and down with joy. It meant that he had to tell Sherlock that he no longer lived at Baker street anymore. John thought Mycroft had told him, but a brief remark from Sherlock the other day made clear that he thought John stayed at the hotel because of the traffic issues otherwise. John didn't have the guts to tell him then, but he knew he had to in the upcoming days and he didn't know how well Sherlock would take it.
John swore he could kiss her right now. “Thank you so much, Mrs Hudson!” And with that, he turned around, almost feeling as cheerful as Sherlock did.
Mycroft looked up at John with a serious face. For a moment, he was thinking. Then, he stood up from his chair. "I think we ought to get our own update, then."
John hesitated for a moment and went through the options in his head. The first method was not ideal, John was afraid that Sherlock would become depended on Diazepam, but to give him GHB to detox from said drug felt contradictive. Then again, it was the best option available.
“Not really?” John stammers. “I mean, I followed some ballroom dancing classes, but that was a long, long time ago.”
There was no immediate answer. John really did not want to look up, but when he did, he saw the small nod Mycroft gave him.
“When I was in Mitrovica, I had a companion,” Sherlock said softly, not moving from John’s lap. He felt how John’s hand briefly stilled and how his body tensed before he continued stroking through the thick curls. Sherlock took a deep breath and continued. “His name was Visar, or that’s what he told me at least. He was already undercover for two months before I arrived and knew I wasn’t who I claimed to be within a week. We teamed up and decided to exchange information.”
“I need to know if you want me to let you go because I can’t make that decision for you, I won’t.” John was fighting back his tears now. “But if that’s what you want, I will. I will let you go.”
"I approve," John said in a calm, deliberate tone. "I trust that doctor Wilson knows what's best. But I want to make sure she attempts to save as much of the spleen as possible. Tell her it will not be removed without my permission, understood?"
John felt something clench his stomach. This was not the kind of case Sherlock could be handling right now. He raised himself from his chair and stood up straight, hoping to catch Lestrade’s attention to signal this wasn’t a good idea, but he didn’t have much luck. John swallowed. “What reasons?”
John ran his hands across his face. “I wish I’d known. I would’ve been more careful in approaching him. I wouldn’t have invited Greg to come to see him. I would…”
The principal looked at Sherlock for a moment, as if he weighed what to say. He decided to give an honest answer. “No, we didn’t.”
To top things off, one of the nurses had called his emergency contact, which meant that not only he had to deal with his ankle and his shortness of breath, but also with his sister for the next couple of days.
That was why he now stood on the doorstep house that was far too familiar. It felt strange to be back at 221B Baker Street. It took him a while before he dared to take the handle and knock at the door.
Sherlock’s face grew more serious. He backed away from the wall and straightened his jacket. “When I was young, my brother thought me that caring is not an advantage, and I lived by that motto since.”
“I don’t need protection,” Sherlock sneered. He started pacing around. “And I definitely don’t need those vultures to do my job.”
“Stop fidgeting. You have nothing to be nervous about. You always know how to be the perfect gentleman. Plus, you look absolutely amazing,” Harry said softly. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you this, so joyous and unguarded. I’m so happy for you. He’s a lucky guy, this Sherlock.”
John gave her a crooked smile, but it disappeared almost immediately when he realised what Sherlock had asked of him. He wasn’t prepared for this. He needed time to think, to figure out how to handle the information. “I suppose I don’t get the chance to think about this, do I?”
When Molly and Mike were in a heavy discussion about the latest series on Netflix, John let his gaze shift to Sherlock once again, only to find Sherlock looking at him as well. This time, they didn’t look away. They stared at each other, and John felt his cheeks warm.
It felt like the ground was swept from under his feet. Like he was punched in the gut, was held against his will, was being suffocated. He couldn’t move, his legs felt like led. A loud buzzing took over his hearing. He felt sick. A wave of nausea hit him, and it felt like he couldn’t breathe properly. Was this what a panic attack felt like? He wasn’t sure.
So when John arrived at st. Barts Monday morning, he was in a pretty good mood. He greeted Mrs Hudson, grabbed a cup of coffee from the teacher’s lounge and went to his classroom to prepare the upcoming day.
But it’s no use; the urge to scrap my nails against my irritated skin is too big, and within two minutes, I give up. Maybe John won’t notice now I’m turned—
And suddenly, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to continue anymore. He broke. His body started to shake involuntary; he began to feel dizzy. He tried to take deep breaths but was gulping for air now. He didn’t know how to regain control anymore as blind panic struck him.
Sherlock’s lowered his gaze and looked at John’s lips, which were slightly parted. Why? Did he want to say something? Or do something? Or was he waiting for Sherlock to say or do something? Or maybe John wasn’t even aware of having his lips parted. Sherlock’s mind was spinning right now. What did this mean?
Although I'm struggling a bit with fic... It would really help to hear something from you guys so I can find some new motivation!
John arrived early at the hospital the next morning. In two days, Sherlock would be able to go home. Now that they had established that he would be coming back to Baker Street, John couldn’t help but feel a little excited. It felt like they were finally on the right track to becoming themselves again. To be able to fix what was broken, even though John didn’t know exactly what it was that was broken. It felt good to be alone with Sherlock once again, just the two of them. He was aware that there were still going to be so many things to conquer and that it would be a long and hard road to do so. But he knew they were going to survive it, together.
“You imagined kissing me?” Sherlock replied in his low baritone, and he could feel the shiver that rushed through John’s body.
John waited for Sherlock to comment, but there was no response. “Sherlock?” He tried, but he didn’t get an answer. He placed his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezed, but that also didn’t seem to snap him out of whatever was going on inside his head. He cursed inside himself. He should’ve known that this photo would trigger something, that it would be hard to see. He should’ve kept it from him and handed it over to Lestrade.
“They’re out!” John heard someone say and before he knew it, Alice was lifted from his arms by someone and he felt another person’s arm against his chest, preventing him from falling.
A moment later, John returned to the living room with a beer and a steaming mug of tea. He handed it to Sherlock, who had sat down on the sofa. John sat down on the couch, again, took a sip from his beer. Sherlock mirrored the movement and took a sip from his cup. His eyes flicked up at John briefly, and John gave him a sympathetic look, hoping it would be enough for Sherlock to relax a little. He did.
“To the other side of the world. For two weeks. With your latest fling.” Sherlock hissed through gritted teeth.
John briefly considered lying about who he was going on a date with, but he knew it wouldn’t do any good. Harry would find out sooner or later, and it wasn’t as if she didn’t know he was attracted to both men and women. In fact, Harry had been the first person who John had asked for advice when he suspected he was bisexual when they were teenagers. It had felt so good to talk to her about this stuff back then, and her being a lesbian made everything even more natural.
Halfway down, John was able to get a better view of the situation. There was no fire yet, which was a relief. But there was a lot of smoke building up at the end of the staircase. He tried to ignore the quick hammering of his heart as he took a deep breath and continued walking down.
Monday came way too soon. For the first time in weeks, John had some time to relax during the weekend. He did some chores and groceries on Saturday and took the time to prepare himself for the upcoming week. The weather on Sunday was really nice, so he had decided to go for a walk and had cooked a decent meal for himself.
A shiver ran through Sherlock’s body by the thought of it. He swallowed hard. “I knew things were going sideways, and I didn’t know how to stop it. I was infiltrated too deeply and couldn’t see an out. So I was forced to do it. There was no other choice.” His voice started to quiver. This was as far as he had come, but he knew he had to go further. He fought the urge to look up to John for support, knowing if he did, he would break.
John decided he stared down the street long enough. He walked back to his apartment and was unable to hide his smile. He knew Harry would notice it too and he wouldn’t hear the end of it, so he took a minute to compose himself. He briefly thought about asking Sherlock to come over tonight, but that would mean he would have to introduce him to Harry. And he really didn’t want to do that, not yet anyway. He would have to wait until Harry was out of town to see Sherlock again if he wanted to keep him a secret a little while longer.
John put his contract into his briefcase, said goodbye to Mrs Hudson and walked away from the reception desk. As he walked down the corridors to his new classroom, he couldn’t help but wonder what she had meant.
The man’s face fell again. “I worry about him. Constantly,” he answered deliberately, and John couldn’t miss the threatening tone in his voice.
He had decided to stay at Bart’s that afternoon to finish some correction work and some preparations for the upcoming week. Working at school on his free Friday afternoon wasn’t ideal, but at least he would have the weekend off.
Mike grinned at him. “And how’s working with Sherlock going? You two haven’t fought each other out of the classroom yet?”
John didn’t respond. He didn’t have to. Sherlock already knew he was. He waited a moment for John to speak up, but when it was clear the doctor wasn’t going to, he started his deduction.
I’m relieved to see you like this because I know you only fell asleep a few hours ago. I could feel you shift and turn, indicating that you were still awake in the middle of the night.
“Alright, you need to calm down, Sherlock,” John said firmly. “I know I scared you, but I’m going to be fine. Please, lower your voice.”
“I’m afraid not,” Maggie answered in earnest. “He’ll probably change his mind if you wait too long.”
After nine months, John could not bear the pain and the emptiness anymore and decided to leave London on the recommendation of his psychologist. A month later he gave up his rent and moved to Fairlight Cove, with nothing more than a suitcase full of his belongings and an old violin case.
John sighed. He was grateful that the PE lessons wouldn’t start until next week. That way, he had a week to get to know his class first and still had enough time to prepare his upcoming PE lessons. If he was totally honest with himself, those were the lessons he was most nervous about. He had to teach other classes as well, classes he didn’t know at all. And even though he always had been a sportsman, he wasn’t sure if he was fit enough to provide the lessons he wanted to teach.
When he finished talking, John looked up at his sister, and she gave him one of her warm smiles. “Wow, you really like him, don’t you?”
"Listen,” Mycroft started, carefully choosing his words. “I know you threw in the towel. That you rather would’ve been dead than saved. But this is not just about you. I know I don’t have much to ask and that my sentiment will not touch you enough. But there is someone here who has not left your side since he knew you were back. Someone who fought for you to make sure you would survive, to make sure you have a chance to fight this. And I know you don’t have any problems hurting the people around you. But if you now choose not to fight, you take him with you."
When Sherlock didn’t respond, John took a breath and continued. “Okay, so. You haven’t done this before.”
“It’s obvious. There’s a woman’s coat on the coat rack and a purse next to your sofa. Your house usually smells fresh, cotton-like. But now there’s a hint of perfume somewhere. Chanel, if I’m not mistaken. You keep glancing towards the stairs, so she’s upstairs. Your pupils are slightly dilated, your heart rate elevated. The blush on your cheeks and your constant grinning tells me you’re obviously smitten about her,” Sherlock stated.
John took a large sip of his coffee and looked at his watch. Sherlock's therapy session was finished in about 15 minutes. He took another gulp, stood up and put on his coat. He waved at the girl behind the counter as a goodbye, and the girl gave him a friendly smile back.
From the moment the first student arrived, there was no time to be nervous anymore. John greeted each student individually, making sure to take the time for a proper introduction. After a handshake and a warm smile, John pointed everyone to their new place in the classroom.
“Yeah mate, come with us!” Mike added. “It’s the perfect moment to get to know one of your new colleagues outside these four walls. Besides, I feel like we haven’t had a decent chat in ages.”
At this, Sherlock looked up. Two stormy blue eyes met him, and his heart skipped a beat. “Yes,” he managed to whisper.
“I don’t see what it could be, though,” Lestrade tried while he handed Sherlock the folders and looked around. “It was only three cases, all minor offences. There isn’t a connection between- Sherlock, what are those?”
John awoke abruptly, his heart pounding in his chest. He took a shaky breath, trying to calm down a bit.
They entered the restaurant and were pointed towards a small table by the window. They sat down, John ordered a glass of Merlot, Sherlock just wanted sparkling water, and after a quick look at the menu, they ordered their food. By the time the waiter brought their plates, they were chatting freely about nothing in particular.
“First things first. The surgery went as well as expected. I was able to spear the upper lobe of the spleen. There were some complications, of which you are aware. It wasn’t a large pneumothorax, and the drain should prevent it from happening again. I think we can remove it in a couple of days. The rest will heal in time. We should be able to start with solid food tomorrow so we can remove the feeding tube, and I will order to remove the catheter by the end of the day.”
Doctor Wilson let out a frustrated sigh and looked at Mycroft sharply. “I thought I was the one in charge of your brother, Mycroft.”
The students however, responded enthusiastically when John told them his idea. So he decided to go ahead with his little project. The first assignment he gave his students was to come up with different subjects that they could write about and the various tasks they could fulfill.
Mike laughed and clapped John on his shoulder. “Yes, he did. And on top of that, he told McKenzie to mind his own business so John here could finish his damn internship. It was fantastic. I’ve never seen McKenzie acting that polite towards anybody ever again. And mind you, this was only in year two!”
John tried to get his body under control and rose. He grabbed the towel that Greg had laid out for him and went to the adjoining bathroom with a little more difficulty then he anticipated. He turned on the tap, undressed, stepped under the warm jet, and closed his eyes. The water felt refreshing, cleansing. It was exactly what he needed after the rollercoaster of yesterday. After a long shower, h got dressed, brushed his teeth and walked towards the kitchen.
John sat in the middle of his living room and blinked. How did this go south so fast? One moment, they were chatting, maybe flirting even, and now Sherlock clearly was upset about something. He stood up, ignored the pain in his ankle and grabbed his keys. “Harry, I’m out!” he yelled and rushed out of his house after Sherlock, who was already halfway down the street.
The head of the figure behind the desk snapped up and eyed him with interest. John walked towards the man and reached him his phone.
I sigh, knowing that I can’t hide in here forever. I give a firm nod, straighten my spine and check myself in the mirror one more time. It has to be enough.
John gave him a small smile. “Just checking.” He looked down for a moment, trying to find the right words to announce the two visitors. “Do you trust me?”
Sherlock managed to return John’s smile and tried to push the renewed rush of nerves away. The fact that John was still holding his hand made it hard to do so. He briefly wondered if he ought to let go, but the warmth of John’s hand surrounding his felt too good. Instead, he raised his other hand and tried to hail the first cab he saw, with success.
They were being watched. John noticed it when another colleague walked by and glanced inside. Several colleagues had walked past their classroom. A few even stopped to look through the window. Some looks were purely out of curiosity, but most of the looks John saw were between sceptical and envious. He was sure that Sherlock had also noticed them, but that he consciously refused to say anything.
I push his suit jacket from his shoulders and let my hands come up to his shirt buttons, slipping them through their holes agonizingly slow. I leave his mouth to kiss every bit of pale skin that’s revealed. The texture of it against my hands and lips is so soft that a moan escapes me.
“I know,” John sighed and ran his hands across his face. For the first time since they went on cases together, he wished Sherlock wouldn’t take the case. It would be too much to handle; John was sure of it. He knew he should tell Lestrade they would help him, but he couldn’t.
John decided to give in, knowing he would not be able to get Mycroft to leave. He looked away and sat down again behind his desk. He ran his hands over his face and closed his eyes. Mycroft followed John’s movements and sat down as well.
John sat back and ran his hand across his face. “Honestly? I don’t know. I thought things were fine, but since we had been out last Friday, he’s acting strange. It’s like he’s ignoring me. Forgets to leave a note, doesn’t read mine, forgets to bring the class to P.E, and now this? It’s like he’s completely following his own plan without including me.”
Mycroft nodded in answer, and John sighed. He saw Sherlock lunging forward, and was just in time to take a spit bucked so he could throw up. John flinched slightly. He knew this was only the beginning. Withdrawal from GHB could take weeks.
As the evening progressed, the topics of conversation shifted from work to other things. John found it hard to keep his attention on the conversation, though. Once in a while, his gaze shifted to the man opposite him, and he let his mind wander. Sherlock caught his glance once or twice, replied with a smile and looked away.
Sherlock kneeled before the two kids and gave them a brief moment to catch their breaths. “Are you two all right?”
“He’s alive,” John started, his eyes on his mug instead of the inspector. “Sherlock. They found him.”
John had expected Mrs Hudson to burst out in tears by the mere sight of Sherlock being back in living form and was ready to comfort her, but she didn’t. Instead, there only was fondness in her eyes.
John didn’t have time to respond. Mycroft stormed into the ward. “What on earth did you do?” he yelled at the nurse. John saw her flinch slightly and felt some pity for her.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows but didn’t reply. His attention went back to the book in front of him. After a moment, he spoke again, his tone more cautious. “If you want to eat lunch with them, that’s fine.”
“Sherlock, don’t back down now,” Maggie spoke suddenly. It almost sounded like a whisper. “You are doing great. He’s not going anywhere.”
This piqued John’s interest. He hadn’t talked about their previous education with Sherlock before and was surprised to hear he went to a regular university. For some reason, John hadn’t pictured him as a student.
After a moment, principal Lestrade raised an eyebrow in surprise. “You even have a license to teach physical education? That’s great!”
And that was it. He grabbed Sherlock’s hands as tightly as he could, unwilling to let go of the man ever again. The little tug on his hands was all it took for John let himself go. He let his head fall against Sherlock’s chest, and for the first time, he allowed himself to lower the walls he kept around himself for two years.
“Why didn’t you let us file them? Did you really think my men are incompetent enough to fail to notice them? Do you really think we would be that stupid?”
“Right, okay,” John started, trying to sound reassuring, but failing miserably. “You’re unattached, just like me. Fine. Good,” he muttered and looked away.
After a brief warming up, Sherlock called attention again. He nodded to Norah, who started to play the intro of Viva la Vida. Soon, the whole room filled with voices, and John’s mouth fell open. He knew Sherlock would be able to pull off something nice with the students, but this was beyond expectation. The song sounded absolutely great. The harmonies were beautiful, and the arrangement was surprising. But more important than that was the fact that every student really seemed to enjoy himself. This took a lot of practice, a lot of work and a lot of dedication to pull this off.
“Honestly, I don’t know. I haven’t been to the apartment yet. I didn’t know it was still my apartment until a couple of days ago.” Mycroft couldn’t help but notice the small flicker of sarcasm.
John looked at the man with amazement. “That would be great, sir!” The principal raised one eyebrow at him, and he corrected himself right away. “Sorry, I mean Greg,” he mumbled.
On the other hand, it was just dinner; not a classical concert or something. Would that have been better? John knew Sherlock liked classical music, so would going to a concert be a better fit? What if dinner was too casual, too ordinary for Sherlock? John wanted this to be the perfect date, not some dime-in-a-dozen date which he could have with anybody. Maybe he should step up his game, think of something more romantic. A gift, perhaps, or flowers. But that would be something he would do when he went out on a date with a woman.
Woohoo, one week in and I’m having so much fun writing these :) Let me know what you guys think so far!
Molly sat down opposite him. “Well, Sherlock asked me to tell you he can’t attend next weeks’ field trip. He asked me to switch with him, so I guess I will be joining you if that’s okay with you.” She gave John an apologetic smile.
Mycroft grabbed the doorknob, and again, John saw Mycroft’s brief hesitation. He braced himself and entered the room.
He reached for the box he kept hidden on the top shelf and opened it. His hands were trembling uncontrollably now, but he somehow still managed to take out the small, glass vial with the clear liquid in it. He held it up, looked at it, and swallowed. Somewhere deep down, he knew he shouldn’t be doing this. He should be asking for help instead. But the helpless, forlorn feeling he had was too powerful and he just couldn’t handle it on his own, not anymore.
“I guess I’ll see you next Monday at the staff meeting, then? We could prepare some more things afterwards?” John asked as they walked across the schoolyard.
Sally Donovan appears next to us, invading John’s personal space. I glare at her, but she ignores me completely.
New Scotland Yard hadn’t changed a bit. The tall, white building still had the same stately appearance as before, and the sign was still standing proudly at the entrance. The reception and the hallway hadn’t changed much as well. Well, the only noticeable thing was that they had repainted the stairs somewhere over the last year but other than that, everything still looked the same.
“Okay,” John answered, confused. “What do you want to talk about?” The words sounded more harsh than intended, and John saw Sherlock flinch a little in response.
“Yeah, that won’t do. You need to eat.” John laughed at Sherlock’s scrunched-up nose. “You know what, I’ll order something we both like. That way you can steal a bite or two.” And while John waved the waitress towards him and ordered, Sherlock tried to hide the blush that was starting to creep up his cheeks.
He heard Lestrade let out a relieved sigh. “Thanks, Sherlock. And drop by at John’s afterwards, yeah?”
They held their gaze for a long time. But then, John realised who was sitting opposite of him. His colleague, not his date.
Molly gave John a small smile. “I didn’t have to. John listen, I think I know what’s going on here. I think Sherlock is scared of letting you in. So he tries to push you away to compromise.”
“I… Uhm,” his throat suddenly felt very dry. He didn’t want to go. He wanted to hear what Sherlock had to say. He looked at Sherlock with questioning eyes, but Sherlock was avoiding his gaze and was staring at the floor. “Alright,” John said and tried to give Sherlock another second in the hope he would speak up, but it was no use. “Let’s go.”
He rushed out of his bedroom, yelled at Lestrade they would take a cab and be right behind him, took his Belstaff coat and his scarf from the coatrack, and rushed out of the door. He was already halfway the stairs when he turned around. “Come on, John!” he bellowed before rushing down.
John wanted to say something, but he didn’t know how to respond. He was flattered that Sherlock was sharing this with him, touched even. He knew it couldn’t be easy for him to do so. Just when he stepped closer to Sherlock, he spoke again.
“No need to snap, brother mine;  just a social visit. Plus, mummy asked me to bring you these. She knows you love them.” I put the tin can on the coffee table for Sherlock to take. He simply huffs in response, but I can see the cookies have his interest. I wonder how long it will take before the temptation beats his stubbornness.
When he was about to walk inside, he felt his phone vibrate. He took it out of his pocket and saw Sherlock had texted him.
‘John, you look… well. Better,’ Anthea started. John just gave her a small nod. The last time he saw her, she came by to give him his 8
Sherlock raised one eyebrow and looked at him questionably. John stood up and reached out his hand towards the tall man. “Come on, let’s get to bed. You must be tired. At least I am.”
Oh, also! Thanks for the Facebook tip! Although it's probably a little quieter than in the early days, I love it!.
Sherlock scoffed, anger flashing in his eyes.  “Why would I? So I can be your little charity case again? So you can be the big brother who saves the day, again? No, thank you. I’d rather die. Now, get the hell out!”
I'm very reluctant to get up since I want to avoid a conversation about our relationship's nature, but my transport is betraying me once again. The smell of something delicious has filled the apartment, making my stomach growl and my mouth water.
John decided it was time and entered Sherlock’s room. This was all according to a plan which he and Mycroft had discussed earlier.
“John, don’t!” he heard behind him and faintly registered that it was Sherlock who was yelling, but it didn’t stop him.
John sighed and closed his eyes for a second to shake his embarrassment. “I am really buggering this up, aren’t I?” he said softly. “Maybe we should take a rain check.”
