“I love you, too.” Dean said a little louder, not moving his head an inch. “I hope that’s not a shock to you. I mean, I haven’t been trying to hide it or anything.”  He pressed his lips to Castiel’s neck. “It does. Make it clearer, I mean. I’m glad you told me. I would never…I want you to feel good when we’re together like that Cas, I don’t want you to have to worry that I’m not gonna listen to you when you tell me where your hard limits are.”
“Dean,” Cas said again, but more demanding this time. When Dean drew back a little Castiel surged forward, capturing his mouth eagerly. Totally on board with this plan, Dean licked at Castiel’s lips, until he opened for him, then kissed him slow and deep, savoring the silky slide on their tongues together. All sense of time fell away, leaving a deep sense of relief that this was real, this was happening…
The wind picked up, and Castiel retied his navy scarf.  He still had the geldings to do, and all the stalled horses. January was pretty damn cold in South Dakota, but Castiel believed in working through winter. In this case he simply had no choice. If he wanted to continue rising up the ranks both in showing and at the farm, which he did, then he had to keep working no matter what. If that meant sacrificing so called ‘normal’ adolescent things like dating and friends, well. Castiel had never much wanted to be normal.
Beauty perked her head up and sniffed his hand once before lipping the treat into her mouth, neat as you please. She munched her mint and continued standing around.
(Sorry about the hard board, but the scan will be fast okay. Gonna give you medicine so we can see your organs better.)
Castiel wiped his mouth. “I really hope you’re not about to tell me that Dean dropped about of high school, like that is any kind of measure of his intelligence.”
‘Yeah, Mister Dean Smith,” the doctor interrupted. “He’s out of surgery now. We had to open his belly. We saw a pretty good amount of blood on the FAST exam in the ER. He had a moderate sized laceration to his liver, which took some time to repair. Fortunately, major blood vessels were intact and the minor bleeding on his spleen stopped on its own. We ran his bowel, and it was all clear. We are, however, concerned about his right lower extremity.”
Dean could not for the life of him understand why Cas hasn’t been getting laid left and right. He’s amazing! Unbelievably smart, and kind, and strong, not to mention gorgeous. And that made Dean all the more determined, that he was not going to fuck this up. More than he already had.
So he stopped looking. Stopped swiping through pictures, stopped sending “Hi how are you?” messages and then stopped trying completely. He took those feelings of inadequacy and rejection and buried them deep. And if he took them out to look at them, and feel sorry for himself every so often, well. Nobody needs to know.
“Oh yeah? Well I don’t see you exactly bringing friends home for dinner, do I?” Dean pulled into a truly terrible spot, about a mile away from the doors. “Also, shut UP. When I want your advice, Dear Abby, I will ask for it. Oh wait, I so won’t.”
“My brother is kind of an asshole,” Castiel says at last, helplessly twisting his T-shirt in his hands. They’re in the living room standing in front of the couch, bay window on one side and dining room on the other. “But me? I’m not. I can give you everything you wanted with Jimmy. Except, I’ll mean it.” He bites his lip and peers up through his eyelashes at Dean, hoping he can somehow forgive him this deception.
While VacationCas! was pretty chill and generally supportive, WorkingCas! was tired, hungry and his feet hurt. The worst part? He liked to talk about his day. And his day was often revolting. Dean had already sat through an alarming number of conversations in which bodily fluids from shit to piss to vomit to –ugh—phlegm, were lovingly described in far, far too much detail.
Castiel thought frantically. “I love you but I hate the idea of anal sex,” he said in a rush. Once that was out the rest of the words came much easier. “Your mouth, amazing. I could do that with you all day. I want to do that to you, too, in case that wasn’t clear. I um, haven’t before but I want to. I want to sleep next to you, and hold you, and explore your body and make you feel really, really good. But I don’t think I am ever going to want anal sex.”
The tall man smiled easily. “Yeah, sure do.” He looked down at Dean. “You ready to get out of here?”
He had been able to get his hand down to Castiel’s groin, and started stroking him through the fabric. Cas had arched into his touch, grinding his erection down against Dean’s hand for more pressure, moaning the whole time, driving Dean positively
Castiel followed Dean into the kitchen and helped get the food put away. He shut the last item in the fridge and suddenly had six feet of pure muscle pressed against his back. “Hello Dean,” Cas said. “Can I help you with something?”
Gabriel glanced back and fixed his knowing eyes on Dean. “Hey, Big Guy, you friends with Castiel, here?”
Castiel pulled a face. “I love my job, just...not currently.”  He stared intently down at the pan, where the cheese was happily melting. “It will get better, I know it will, just…”
“Are you on vacation or something? I thought you worked nights,” Dean asked, realizing too late this made him sound like a stalker. He shifted his weight. Castiel was uncomfortably good looking and while Dean was an equal opportunity kind of guy, he had never really figured out how to flirt with men. He also had the worst gaydar in the world and could never tell if a dude was being no-homo friendly or friendly.
“Furthermore,” the angel continued, “I love you, and you love me. You are my person, and you can’t take it back. I am your angel, and I would never want to.”
He came back to consciousness slowly. First he was aware of the cold air on his skin. Then he smelled fresh cut grass. Gradually he became aware of his body. His chest felt like an elephant was sitting on him and breathing was a struggle. A single attempt at coughing showed him that was a really really bad idea. Also, his left leg was totally jacked from the knee down and he was pretty sure his collarbone was busted. Slow shallow breaths he thought, and tried not to giggle. He was going to die in the middle of nowhere. Because there was no way that anyone would find him at the bottom of a fucking ravine or wherever the hell he was. Maybe it’s better this way he thought, and closed his eyes. He was so fucking cold. He’d just rest a little while and then see about getting out of the car.
Well, that’s the thing. Castiel had grunted he was fine and stomped right outside when they finally burned the golden locket that tied the spirit to this realm.
The thought that had once filled him with sorrow and grief now just left behind contentment. He wouldn’t have traded these years filled with Dean’s love for anything, not even his wings.
“After what, Dean? What happened?” He didn’t really expect an answer. Acknowledging what he felt had never been Dean’s strong suit. He’d always preferred letting his frustration out by punching something. Or someone.
But watching Dean Winchester play with his baby niece was the most wonderful thing he’s ever been lucky enough to bear witness to.
Despite his lack of background knowledge, the bride didn’t have a reason to complain. To make up for his inexperience, Castiel had forced Dean to watch any and all movies about weddings he could find, always accompanied by the hunter’s whining of course, and binge watched
Castiel stood up slowly. Hands raised as if to show that he wasn’t dangerous, he said in a gentle voice, “No, Dean. It’s really me, I promise. I got out of the Empty and I really am back.”
So that’s how she and Castiel ended up shuffling out of the kitchen and into the war room with shame on their faces, carrying several plates. Apparently they somehow hadn’t heard the circus of preschool kids squabbling around the entryway as they looked surprised to see them.
“I hate when you ask questions that you already know the answer to,” Castiel said to his Neatsfoot oil.
One arm thrown over his face, other hand still moving slow on his cock, milking every last drop from the aftershocks. The last thought before he fell asleep was: Dean.
“—and I made you tea and I brought it in, and I…I heard you in the bathroom, Cas, and for real, don’t fuck with me, just tell me if you don’t want me—mmmph!”
The man quirked his lips. He glanced around and pulled the single chair in the room closer to the bed. He sat facing Dean, leaning forward with his elbow on his knees and his hands clasped.
He clutched Dean’s arm. “Dean, no, no, you don’t understand, I’m not secretly a homophobe! I, um, gender…it..it doesn’t
“Don’t do this, Cas,” he begged. “Please don’t say goodbye to me.” Dean couldn't tear his eyes away from Castiel’s.
“Dean, why do we have to leave so early today,” Sammy whined in the passenger seat. “We don’t have to be there for, like, another half hour?”
That sucked. He went in to the hospital at six am and didn’t seem to get home until 8:30 pm. Still, Dean had the feeling Cas was getting his ass kicked.
August faded into September and September marched into October. Castiel stopped picking up so much overtime and in fact arranged his schedule so he had six days off in a row without using any paid time off. During that almost-week, he allowed himself to flop back to a daytime schedule; sleeping at night like a normal person.
Dean suddenly found his fingers very fascinating. “Thing is, I’m not a guy that goes around talking about feelings, you know? This morning, after you left, I just like, got upset over nothing really. Hannah made me feel like it was no big deal that it was normal.”
In retrospect Dean should have recognized Castiel’s hesitance for inexperience. But it just seemed impossible that Cas, one of the most good looking guys ever, had never gotten a blowjob before.
either, just something vague and unfocused that happened to be tilting in his particular mental direction.
Dean’s grip on him, which had been merely firm, is crushing now. Castiel hears a choked sound escape from Dean’s mouth. After a moment, he realizes, that’s his name. His name.
As January in Sioux Falls slipped into February, the weather remained grey and cold.  However, more and more days approached the freezing mark, and Castiel found himself extremely grateful on the rare days the mercury cracked 32 degrees. After torturing himself by getting up at four am to do barn chores and ride during the coldest part of the year, 32 degrees seemed like a heat wave in comparison.
“Just some pressure, Buddy. You’ve got a piece of your scalp hanging off there and you’re bleeding pretty good.”
Dean took a step forward before he thought about what he was doing. “Come’ere, dude,” he said, and wrapped himself around the other man.
Dean wanted to moan when the cool wetness hit his tongue.  He closed his eyes and relaxed. This was amazing.  He heard the nurses murmuring at the computer next to the bed and glanced over. Castiel met his eyes.
Castiel huffed. “Awesome. Thank god she’s on a blood thinner.” Sarcasm was the only defense some days. You weren’t supposed to pull bright red blood out of someone’s lungs.
Novak appeared to not have heard any of that. Dean settled in the desk next to him, struggling to get his long legs underneath.  He glanced over at Novak. The black haired boy appeared Dean’s age—that is, a year older than everyone else.  His hair was messy, and long enough to reach his collar.  He had a surprising amount of shadow along his jaw. Looked like he hadn’t bothered to shave in days. And, there was a great purple green bruise along the edge of his jaw close to his ear.  Which was a really weird place to have a bruise.  Dean chewed on his lower lip. Yeah. He would know about that, wouldn’t he?
Hannah came closer and rubbed the back of his head carefully. “Oh sweetheart, I know everything is terrible right now. You are so strong! You’re gonna get through this.”
When guests start gathering, he’s pleasantly surprised to find that he knows more than a few of them, including two of his brothers. Michael and Adam are still sickeningly in love. Fortunately Jimmy is wearing a nice shirt and slacks combo, while Castiel is wearing his good suit, minus the waistcoat. He is not in the mood to deal with  people ooh-ing and aah-ing about the twin thing.
“Castiel,” Dean said slowly. “Cas. I like it.” He couldn’t help but smile. He caught Novak’s, no wait, Cas’s, eyes again, and this time they were noticeably warmer.  Cas looked down at his plate, an unmistakable pink tint to his face. “Hurry up with that, dude, or else we’re gonna be late for Bio.” Dean smirked. “We wouldn’t want anyone to steal our seats.”
Rumbly chuckled. “Not that kind of road trip, Dean. I’m gonna take you to get a CT scan so we can see what kind of injuries you have.
He got in the car, and pulled it around the front and then onto the road. It was a 30 minute drive to the University hospital. Even if he called for Pegasus, it would take 5-10 minutes to get the team in the air, another 5-10 to figure out where to meet him and then another 10 back to the hospital. Castiel pressed the gas down harder.
my unit, but I’m not caring for you. Officially. Since you crashed into my shed, I’ve been sort of—” He glanced skyward for a moment. “Watching over you.” He bit his lip. “You didn’t have any family here since you got admitted as a trauma and …I thought someone should be here for you.”
“Shut up,” he told her, grinning. She gathered the dirty linens from her side, dumping them on the floor for the moment, before straightening out the sheets on the bed ensuring they had no wrinkles. “Hey, can you stuff a pillow over there? It’s almost the top of the hour anyway.”
Another one on the five year plan…takes one to know one…glad I don’t have to sit next to that dirtbag….better him than me…
And Dad would positively lose his shit! He’d yell and thunder, oh yeah, but by the time Castiel appeared red faced and dripping sweat, Dad was all ‘next time wear a helmet, son’ and that was that.
“Wow,” Dean muttered. “So friendly I can hardly stand it.” He checked his schedule and sighed. English. Up three floors and on the other side of the school probably.
“No, Sammy. I hit a fucking deer, went over the god-damned mountainside, through a fence, rolled over like a million times and THEN crashed into his shed. The guy found me in his yard, practically bleeding to death.” He pointed at the staples in his head. “Then he had to calm my ass down cause I literally could not breathe because my ribs were cracked and punctured my lungs, and physically lifted me out of my car and drove me to the hospital.” The monitor above his bed went off, alarming with a loud set of triple beeps.
Dean yelped and twisted around, finally spying the angel on his bed. “Heya, Cas. What are you doing in here?”
? Why do you always leave? If I love you, and you love me, and I’m your person –you said so, you can’t take it back—and you’re my angel –you can’t take that back
However, after another half an hour of driving around in the ridiculous blackness of Virginia, Dean was forced to reevaluate. He was totally and utterly lost. Plank Road turned into Stone Mountain Gap road, which had so many switchbacks and blind curves he’d had to slow way down. Fog had settled into the valleys between hilltops just to add to his anxiety. He checked his phone again, and it stubbornly refused to pick up even a single bar.
“No, no, it’s…fine. I mean, yeah, um.” Castiel stepped back and held the door open wider. “Come in, please.”  He closed the door. “Here, have a seat,” he gestured to the various seating options in the living room. “I was watching Daredevil on the computer.”  He picked up the laptop and set it on the side table.
Gabriel could imagine Castiel’s blue eyes widening, as he got more into his story. Once he got going he couldn’t ever stop.
He had one thing though. He had a debit card and he was not afraid to use it. He was happy to order whatever dinner food struck Castiel’s fancy, be it Thai or Pizza, or delivery from the local grocery. The look on Castiel’s face when he got home last night to find burgers from his favorite joint waiting for him when he walked in the door was amazing.
“Today is Sunday,” the man said as if he could read minds. “You’ve been here at University Medical Center for about a week. You hit a deer and crashed through a fence, rolled down an embankment and then into my shed.”
Cas bobbed his head up and down, swallowing. “Sorry, that’s um—” He rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s a nurse thing. We don’t get a lot of time to eat so you get used to eating as fast as possible.” He leaned back against the cushions. He glanced over at Dean. “Any problems today?”
“I’m adorable is what I am,” Dean retorted. “But to get back to my story, before I was interrupted, they pack me up in this chair. And wheel me all through the hospital, like no joke, they were taking the scenic route man, went right past the cafeteria and everything, and guess what?”
When he passed the living room, he saw that Dean and Cas had upgraded to sitting next to each other on the couch, watching something online.
“I talk to people, Gabe,” Castiel said, “Sometimes twice in one day.”  He stomped past his brother into the tack room, which was heated thank God. He grabbed his sneakers, which he had forgotten after his little mare had wacked him in the face this morning, and stuffed them in his messenger bag.
“Ah, you got it. Just talk? I can do that. Did I tell you the nurse took me outside today? Yeah. They had me sit in the world’s most uncomfortable chair—”
“I’m gonna get out of here for awhile. I’ll come back and see you another time, Dean.” He waited until Dean nodded at him, and then headed to the door.
Well. Muttering to himself, and cleaning his tack. Gabriel remained mystified as to why one would clean tack at ALL in this awful freezing weather, but teenagers. Gabe learned his lesson a long time ago about picking fights with Cassie. And Cassie was one sneaky little bastard when he wanted to be. Like the time he’d chalked smiley faces on every single grey horse at dad’s farm and SOMEHOW managed to implicate Gabriel who let’s face it—would have been happy to participate—but he actually hadn’t DONE anything. That time. Basically the moral of the story was that you didn’t fuck with Castiel unless you were really fucking committed to whatever the prank of the week was. Because the little weasel would find some way to retaliate and come out smelling like a rose.
Castiel fidgeted. “I know I’m not your nurse. But the thing is that I know things about you, that I wouldn’t know, if I didn’t work here. And because I have more knowledge about this stuff than you do, it puts me in a position of power—”
Castiel stood up. “Yeah, that’s me.” He extended his hand for the doctor to shake. “Castiel Novak, I’m the one that brought the MVC patient—”
, Castiel thought, mystified.  He tried a smile. “I’m here now, Dean. Why don’t you come out from under there, so we can talk?”
“Vamps Anonymous? Awesome.” He stabbed a finger at a page in the journal. “Aha! Got it! 1986, Dad was working a string of kidnappings along route 77.” He kept reading aloud for Sam to mark on the map. “Kids were taken, the adults that were drained had their-“
No, they hadn’t even stepped foot into the bunker before like little kids they were pushing each other, elbows meeting ribs hard and arguing.
Yawning he turned off the lights in the war room and walked to his room, Miracle at his foot and phone in hand.
Now Dean wasn’t stupid. He knew he wasn’t the best role model as far as admitting that you’re hurt went. So naturally he’d come to the conclusion that Castiel must have gotten hurt, hadn’t wanted to appear weak and kept his injuries to himself while sulking in the car.
When finally light flooded the room, Dean sat up and looked around frantically, his heart in his throat. He knew he was shaking like a leaf, could feel the mattress vibrate beneath him. His eyes didn’t stop darting around, expecting the hellhounds to tear through the thin wood of the door any second. Or that horrifying echo of –
Dean just stared at Jack with an open mouth. He’d not expected this at all. He didn’t even know it was possible, to be honest. Before he could stop looking like a fish, Jack put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and lightly shoved him towards the bar’s entrance.
Dean nodded slowly, deciding it was probably better not to ask. “Well, as I said yesterday, you’re always welcome here. It’s your home. You better come by for weekly family dinners!”
Getting through the bunker door turned out to be difficult. Not because of the mechanics of a door – they’d gotten pretty good at opening and closing those. It wasn’t much of a challenge after all, giant dumbass or not.
As he pulled away in the direction of the bunker Dean watched his brother kiss his girlfriend passionately in the rearview mirror and had to swallow something that felt a little too much like jealousy for his liking.
“To be honest,” Castiel called from the kitchen, “I don’t spend a lot of time down here. Mostly I  come home from work, eat and go back to bed so I can do it again the next day.” He quickly reheated the burgers in the pan and laid some cheese over them. He pulled out another pan. He dropped a little butter in it while it heated, then he laid the buns face down. He put the fries back in the toaster oven for another minute to warm them up. “Hey, you want a beer?”
Messy brown hair, blue eyes narrowed, eyebrows furrowed. Mostly covered by blankets, Castiel looked like he hated the world.
“You’re such an asshole,” Dean yelled through the window. “You better keep this goddamned door shut, because I’m gonna kiss the shit out of you, fucking covid or not, you hear me?”
“Dean, I’m not saying no,” Castiel started carefully, “But let’s talk this through some more. I know you have a supportive family—”
“Thanks for that.” He squirted some water in the horses’ mouth. Solomon opened his mouth obligingly and let the water slosh though his mouth.  Michael’s phone buzzed and he held the hose away from him to read Gabriel's message.
“Jesus Christ, Castiel, you trolling for your own ICU patients now? Can’t get enough of them at work?” Gabe checked Dean’s pupils (equal and reactive, 3mm), listened to his lungs, grimaced, and whipped his stethoscope back around his neck. “Not much air moving there and I hear lots of crepitation.” He nodded at the techs arriving with the stretcher. “Can you have them get two chest tube trays ready in the trauma bay? We’ll need a central line and arterial line set up, and the ultrasound. Oh, and a stat portable X ray, chest and abdomen to start. Cas, give me the bullet on this dude.”
Dean extended his left arm, showing Sam the left side was for hugging. He got a half hug from the moose, then pointed to the chair next to the window. All day long when Hannah swept into the room she moved things around until everything was just
“Yeah, I kinda figured that out for myself, buddy.” Dean shifts, and then his long thigh is pressed right between Castiel's legs, drawing a surprised breath from the dark haired man. Dean’s hands slide down Castiel’s arms and drop to his waist, his fingers warm at the small of Castiel’s back. “You say you can give me what I wanted with Jimmy, you sure you know what that was?” he leans forward until his lips are brushing Castiel’s ear. “Well, Cas?”
matters, Dean, but there’s a difference between being gay and wanting…some things…and just—” Castiel looked to the sky for help. “—And just being so in love with someone that it, that your orientation or whatever is just...unimportant, do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
In July Castiel, somewhat inexplicably in his opinion, receives a wedding invitation for a Sam Winchester and Jessica Moore. He spends about ten minutes trying to figure out who these people are. He sighs deeply and regrets his life choices. No one, NO ONE, could possibly deserve attendance at 4 weddings in less than half a year. At this rate he’s going to need to declare bankruptcy from all the wedding gifts. He cracks open a beer and contemplates how many other single but dating people he knows and tries to predict how many more weddings he might have to attend in coming months. He slumps into his favorite chair and looks again at the invitation. At the bottom, embossed in gold are the words: Open bar. Fuck it, then.
“Found him in my backyard-(Cas had a moment to realize how ridiculous that sounded) status post MVC with rollover, restrained driver, no airbags. Unconscious when I found him, pupils were fine, in and out after that but able to answer simple questions. His head was gushing when I found him so I held pressure until the worst of it stopped. He vomited during transfer to my car, not sure if he aspirated. Right leg definitely broken towards the ankle, right shoulder dislocated or broken, not sure.” He took a deep breath. ‘His name is Dean. That’s all I know.”
.  Not because he had to change into tragic gym clothes, either.  And he didn’t care about showering afterward.  Castiel was into brutal honesty, and he had nothing to be ashamed about his body. Years and hours of hard work and horseback riding had made him lean and strong, with cordlike muscles along his arms, shoulders and back. His thighs were heavy with muscle, and, well…Gabriel
He unzipped his jeans and kicked them off onto the floor. He gripped his cock through his boxers, running this thumb over the head. “Mmmm,” the low moan escaped and he squeezed tighter. He opened his eyes and reached for the lube under the pillow next to him. He pushed his underwear down to his thighs, and watched his cock bobbing on his stomach. He dribbled some lube directly on the head of his cock and some down the shaft. He closed the cap and tossed the bottle to his side.
“You know what?” Dean said softly, “Aside from Jack, I couldn’t think of the last time I had a hug either. I didn’t even know you, but the thought of you taking care of sick people but nobody being there for you...that’s just wrong. I didn’t expect us to hit it off like this, not gonna lie, but damned if I’m not thrilled we did.”
Driving his Chevy Impala through the tree lined streets of Lawrence, the growl of the engine sounded absurdly loud in the quiet neighborhood. He craned his neck back and forth, but in spite of the gorgeous Spring day, he didn’t see a single soul outdoors. Weird, Dean thought. He coasted to a stop in front of his brother’s house.
Winchester yanked his arm free and retorted, “I dunno, I could ask you the same thing. Where did you learn to fight like that?”
After shoving his heavy coat into his locker, Dean headed down to the cafeteria, pushing his way through the heavy student traffic.  He kept his eyes straight ahead. In some ways, Novak had been right.  Nobody else approached him to make nice since that first day of school back in January. Which was totally fine because Dean was not here to make friends and influence people. This was his second chance to have a life. Now he actually had to think about the age -old question ‘what do you want to do when you grow up?’ instead of—no. He’d think about that later.
His foot caught on the blankets, jerking his ankle and Dean couldn't help the growl that escaped his mouth. He clenched his jaw and pushed through the pain, finally managing to sit himself up next to Cas.
Lingering in the doorway, Gabriel smiled and looked down. “I know, Cassie. It’s just that sometimes, I miss little you, you know?”  He studied his fingernails for a moment. “Do you need another ice pack or anything? Some ibuprofen maybe? Or, I can make you a sandwich—”
Castiel had heard enough, and he kissed Dean as hard as he could, his hands cupping his face as he licked into Dean’s mouth. It quickly turned into a hot and heavy make out session with Castiel wrapped around Dean as much as possible. Finally Cas trailed his kisses into gentle presses against Dean’s mouth and face. “I need you to listen to me, Dean. I love you. I want you. I don’t want anything in my ass. Does that make things clearer?”
. The front of the car was completely crumpled, the windshield and driver’s window shattered. Cas didn’t see any air bags deployed.
Dean jumped at the voice in the sudden silence, whipping around to find Dark Hair looking pleasantly rumpled in old jeans and t-shirt, holding a glass of ice water out. Nearly as tall as Dean, his bright blue eyes squinted at him, and the corner of his full lips turned up in amusement.
Chastened, the docs agreed that their patient was neurologically intact. After they left the room Castiel muttered, “Jesus fucking Christ.” He looked over at Dean to see the man staring right at him. He picked up Dean’s hand and squeezed briefly. “Sorry about that, I should have put it to a stop sooner.”
Castiel glanced over at his friend Gabe who was an emergency physician. “He woke up today,” Castiel said. “I just left the unit myself.”
“A pulse ox,” Cas replied. “It’s...I’ll need one, if you can. And, I was supposed to go shopping today.”
So Dean threw himself into schoolwork with unexpected gusto. He found it was easy to keep up with classes when he a) was getting enough sleep, and b) actually did the reading and homework. So while he was busy with school and normal things, like cleaning his room and doing laundry and trying to get the road salt off the Impala, he had these little gaps. Like he sometimes zoned out while folding t-shirts and tried to figure out what the deal was with his sort of-not really friend, Novak.
Now however, Dean was staring at the back of a tan trench coat. Tousled black hair got even messier as the angel in front of him fought off the hounds with his angel blade, making quick process of three of them causing the others to growl deeply before fleeing the scene, deciding to get their dinner elsewhere.
“Well, right now he’s about the only person other than you and Michael that doesn’t look at me like a freak.” He half shrugged. “So there’s that.”
Dean was sitting in fourth period algebra when his phone vibrated in his pocket.  And it kept vibrating. And vibrating.  He hid it under his desk. Even as he peered down curiously, it kept blowing up with text messages.
After Dean had put the mower away in the garage, he passed through the laundry room into the main house.
Williams pursed his lips, thinking. “Ribs three through six on the right, four and five on the left. That’s consistent with impact from the steering wheel. And, of course, his right clavicle had a disseminated fracture as well. He managed to avoid any cardiopulmonary contusions. He has bilateral chest tubes which will stay in a few days until his lungs expand better.” He waited a beat then added, “You should be able to see him in in about another hour or so. The ICU nurses will need time to get him settled.”
The ICU nurses were aware that Castiel was listed as Dean’s emergency contact. So when Dean got agitated at night, or pulled his breathing tube out accidentally, they called Castiel. Naturally, he couldn’t just sit at home knowing that Dean had self-extubated! Most patients did better if someone stayed with them overnight. He worked a lot of nights and didn’t mind staying up. Castiel always left the room when Dean had needed to be cleaned up or for any procedures. He tried so hard to do the right thing ethically. But sometimes it was really hard to know what the right thing was. Since he was there when the physicians rounded at five AM, they all updated him on Dean’s status and plan for the day. No one else showed up to claim Dean, so to speak. Castiel felt very firmly that every patient needed an advocate in the hospital. He had seen that first hand. Finally he had just accepted that for now, he was Dean’s person.
Now that he thought about it, Cas had mentioned when he brought Dean’s backpack from the wrecked car about taking a picture of his insurance info. There you go. His full name was definitely on his insurance card. So no need to bring it up again. Dean yawned. He was down to one nap a day and sadly it wasn’t time yet. He was saving it up from 4-6 so he could stay awake when Cas got home.
Using Sam as a support, Dean stood up on his good left leg. He had to hop unsteadily closer but was able to hitch his butt up on the seat. He winced as Cas helped lift his right leg into the car. He caught the look he exchanged with Sam and said, “Fine, I’m fine, it’s just a little sore.”
They drove through Charlottesville for a short time before hitting the highway towards Crozet. They talked easily through the drive, mostly about music. Dean talked about his favorite rock bands, and Cas explained that he didn’t keep up with modern music. Like, at all.
“No,” Cas yells at him, and then breaks down completely. “You can’t come near me, I can’t be around anyone.”  His face crumpled and he gets closer, nearly pressing his face against the glass. “A patient-I got exposed last night. Dean, it...it was a bad exposure. He, the vent tubing--”
The Vent tubing came apart from the trach and secretions sprayed everywhere. The vent started screaming and the patient went into a coughing fit.
Castiel glanced up, saw Dean, and froze. The hand holding the ice pack drifted down away from his face and blue eyes locked onto Dean’s.
They were sitting on Castiel’s comfy blue couch in the living room. Sam and Cas had paper plates on their laps while Dean used ceramic since he was short an arm and leg. Bottles of beer sat on the wooden table front of the couch. It was old fashioned and heavy. The bottom storage spaces overflowed with nursing journals. A large bookcase was built into the east wall, and it was jammed with textbooks of all sizes. The living room opened into a formal dining area. The kitchen itself was nice and open as well. Cas was lucky to have a double oven gas stove. Dean was pretty jealous about it.
“I mean it—OW!”  Dean tried to breathe and it really really sucked. In. Out. See? Breathing. It’s a thing. The ground rumbled next to him and he saw a car pull up.
.  Beefcake’s cross country bridle, the showjumping bridle, the dressage bridle. The Ovation monocrown that he schooled his wackadoodle little mare in.
He hears footsteps and door swings open. Dean stands there, just looking at Cas, one hand still on the door frame. He looks wary, and Castiel wants to kiss that look off his face.
“Jack, I mean it. I need your help and you know it’s important, I wouldn’t be doing this otherwise!”
Jack was supposed to appear soon – knowing him, he’d probably teleport right into the kitchen to steal a piece of the pie Dean had baked yesterday. Sometimes Kaia and Eileen joined as well but both were busy today so in the end it was only the five of them plopping down in the living room.
“I need to use the bathroom,” he announced and marched down the hallway, mumbling something about never getting used to all this urinating.
Whereas everyone who had come to attend the hunter’s funeral had a look of grief, sorrow, sadness or melancholy about them, Castiel looked onto the pyre with a soft smile. It was wistful and blissful at the same time, which shouldn’t have been possible, but Castiel had always been good at doing the unthinkable.
Dean was leaning into the driver’s window and grinned at Eileen who he’d just finished chewing a ear off about his best friend Charlie – “No, not Apocalypse World Charlie,” he’d said, “The original one that was resident to our world before being murdered by nazi pieces of shit.”
As Dean stood in this room, low lights and musty smell of booze around him, his angel pressed to his chest and his brother smiling at him from across the room, his own love hanging off his arm, Dean realized it really was over.
Satisfied with his sniffing, Miracle trotted over the bed a little to flop down in Castiel’s lap. “I think he likes you!” Dean proclaimed with laughter in his voice as he reached forward to pet his dog’s head.
“How would you have known, Cas?” The question came out muffled through his fingers. “How would you have known that you can’t have it?
Dean shook his head quickly. “No. No apologizing anymore, okay? It happened, you apologized – more than once, too – you showed me how much you regret it, I forgive you. That’s over now.”
For a second Dean allowed himself a relieved smile before he turned around to take in the form of Jack, one hand raised in his awkward little wave.
Grinning up at Dean, the two of them stood there in comfortable silence for a while before sobering up.
Rubbing a hand across his neck sheepishly, Dean let out a quiet sigh when the angel turned to him with an inquiring look. “Don’t even ask.”
Letting her go with a watery laugh Dean leaned back against the counter. “So what do you guys get up to up here, now that anything goes?”
Dean shoved the last book he had off of his lap before he ran his fingers through his hair to pull at the strands sharply. He couldn’t even do this. He couldn’t even find a way to get to the angel.
Speaking of the blonde, Dean stood up straight so he could let his eyes trail over all the people in the room. Where had Claire gone anyway?
“Hey, Cas.” Sam got a smile in return. “How’re you doing, man?” He sat down cautiously next to his friend, almost as if Dean would jump out of the bushes to yell at him to be careful and “
“Well, I for one, am really happy you’re back, Cas. Wasn’t the same without you.” Always the pacifist, Sam stepped around the table with big steps and wrapped Castiel in one of his bear hugs. Castiel’s response, muffled somewhere between hair and plaid fabric, got lost on its way to Dean but Sam reacted with laughter.
Letting his gaze wander further Sam could see Garth hugging his wife Bess to his chest, one hand in Gertie’s hair who in turn held little Sam’s hand. Well, ‘little’ was relative now. Sam and Cas Fitzgerald had aged like all of them and were both in their Thirties now.
Never one to pass up on a good pop culture reference, Dean smirked smugly at his angel and said, “I know.”
Eventually Sam stepped outside to get some fresh air. He’d moved out of the bunker so long ago that he’d forgotten how oppressive the windowless rooms could be, high ceilings or not.
Pausing in his chewing, Dean opened up the crunchy shell a bit further, poking his nose inside to investigate. “These tacos taste funny to you?” he asked before he shrugged and took another bite.
Castiel didn’t answer. They both knew they had to talk about the elephant in the room at some point but neither wanted to be the one to breach the topic. And besides, with Sam bursting in as usual at any moment, this probably wasn’t the best time anyway.
After a few seconds he realized it was a lost cause so instead he turned to his nightstand to indulge in his favourite coping mechanism – alcohol.
“Hey, guys? Are you gonna come eat dinner or not? It’s getting cold!” Sam’s voice carried through the hallway.
“Imagine if you’d have been stabbed by that thing and just … died,” Claire chuckled and tried to snatch Castiel’s beer unsuccessfully, raising her arm in resignation at his scowl.
Stepping back and raising his hands in mock surrender, Dean gave in. “Alright, don’t wanna keep you two care bears. Go get your beauty sleep. Or whatever else you’re gonna get up to.” He accompanied the last part with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
by the Beatles. Was her favourite song by them. Put me right to sleep, every time.” He shook his head as he chuckled a little. “Huh. You know, one time when Dad wasn’t as awful as usual – when he was actually sober for once – he told me Mom used to say that angels were watching over me.” Dean smiled at Castiel lovingly. “She was talking about some crappy little porcelain angel she’d picked up from a garage sale but I guess in the end, she turned out to be right after all.”
At the affirmative sound somewhere in front of him, Dean continued, “Just wanted to say I’m real happy you’re back. Dunno if I got that across earlier. Guess I was a bit shell shocked seeing you.” His eyes stopped cooperating and slipped shut. “Gotta say, though, I figured gettin’ you back’d be harder. Read through every damn book we have on angels, front to back, twice and still couldn’t find a way. Not even Jack could help me. Really thought …” His words were slurring together increasingly now as he hurried to get the rest of the sentence out before he was dead to the world. “Really thought I lost you for good this time. Wasn’t fun. Don’t do that again, yeah?”
Soon after, they were all sitting around the table holding their stomachs after practically inhaling the roast Eileen had cooked up. Sam and her looked at each other in that way couples do that indicated there was an entire conversation going on that no one else was privy to before they reached for each other’s hands and turned their wide smiles to the rest of the table.
And suddenly, his anxiety and all the thoughts returned and they just flew right out of the hunter’s mouth without filter. “We shouldn’t do this. Us, I mean. You and me. We can’t. In our line of work, this kinda thing always ends badly. Someone is gonna use this against us and one of us’ll get killed over it.”
“What are you talking about? Dean, it’s me, it’s Cas. I’m back,” came Castiel’s confused voice, sounding tinny through the crappy speaker.
The hunter lifted his head with a relaxed smile before his mouth turned into an O shape. “Oh crap, I completely forgot!” Giving the dog a light shove in Castiel’s direction, the smile reappeared, wider and brighter than before. “Miracle, meet Castiel. Cas, this is Miracle. Found her after Chuck snapped everyone away but this little fella here didn’t make the cut. Well at first anyway. Took him back here when everyone came back and the little stray didn’t seem to have anyone.”
“Guys!” The exasperated shout made the two men turn to the doorway in which Sam had appeared, pinching the bridge of his nose with two fingers. “It’s a freakin’ smoothie! Dean, you saw me make it. It’s
“Cas, we’ve been through this whole not communicating thing before and honestly, it’s gettin’ old. Please just tell me what’s wrong so I can fix it?”
Next to him, Sam went still. Dean glanced at him from the side and promptly did a double take. His brother had gone white as a sheet and looked at him with a mix of horror and expectation.
Dean was too tired to even feel shame that Castiel had witnessed him basically have a breakdown. The events of the past weeks were catching up to him now that he had a moment of quiet and he fell back into a dreamless sleep within minutes, content in the knowledge that his angel was safe.
Castiel reached across to take a plate from Sam and load it up with day old pizza. “Thank you, Sam. I’ve been starving since I woke up in that field. I’m just glad the Empty threw me out in Kansas and not on a different continent.” He took a contemplating bite and continued around his full mouth. “That would have been inconvenient.”
“I didn’t even know you could feel that way, Cas. You’re an angel, I didn’t know you could feel – I didn’t even know angels could feel … feel love on this level, how was I supposed to know?” Dean knew he was rambling now but once he started, he couldn’t stop it. Years and years of ignoring the pain, he now finally let himself feel it and there was no turning back. He’d reached the point of no return and promptly threw himself over it.
Feeling a flush creep up from his chest, Dean shouted, “Shut up bitch!” before quieting down again, looking at his socked feet. “So I’ve missed you. Sue me.”
Dean gestured helplessly at him, rumpled clothes, bare feet, bed head and all while he tried to catch his breath and stop laughing. “You are. Former Angel of the Lord turned real boy telling me to get my head outta my ass? It’s freakin’ hilarious, man.”
“But you watched me drink it, just yesterday and I was fine!”, Jack, sitting cross-legged in his chair and playing Angry Birds on his phone, pointed out without looking up from the screen.
Everyone settled down and turned to watch the door when the music started up. Dean made a face. He’d suggested REO Speedwagon’s
“Wait. If I’m the smart one,” Sam looked around the backseat as if he was looking for someone before he turned back to his brother with furrowed brows. “Then who’s the witty one?”
Dean almost looked offended by that. “Don’t you dare think like that! She loves you, you love her, it’ll be fine. She looks at you like you hung the moon! She’ll totally say Yes.”
“Jack, I’m sorry. I know you did everything you could. Cas was your dad after all. And you probably haven’t even had a chance to breathe yet, have you?”
Now, I know you’ll be sad. I know this’ll be hard for you. But you have a wonderful woman at your side who is gonna help you through this and you have a beautiful daughter who needs her dad and you’ll keep fighting, Sammy. You always keep fighting.
“It’s just not possible. I’ve been ahead 10,000 points for years. No one’s ever beat me. I don’t believe you.” Dean smirked at her from where he was lying down on the other couch, Castiel curled up against him, a bowl of popcorn balancing precariously on his stomach.
Shaking his head in disbelief but unable to keep his feet from moving, Dean crossed the room and stood on the other side of the table.
Sam rolled his eyes and started randomly thumbing through an encyclopaedia of all things heavenly. “I can see that. What I’m asking is what you’re looking for.”
Mildred regarded him with a warm smile before she cleared her throat. “So, speaking of really good times. Looks like you finally got the stick outta your cute little butt and decided to put an end to all that pining, huh?” She looked pointedly over her shoulder. Dean followed her gaze with a smile taking over his face as he watched Castiel help Sam set the table.
The hunter slumped into Eileen and let her hold him, a funny sight, considering she was basically half his size.
A big grin, if a little teary eyed, sat on his face when Jack found his composure and pulled back from Dean. “Thank you, Dean. You can’t imagine how much that means to me. I am sorry about-“
The doors opened and in walked Eileen, being escorted by Mildred. Dean kept his eyes on his brother’s face. He watched the expression turn from anxious to amazed, stunned, speechless. He looked like he couldn’t believe his luck and with a short glance to Castiel standing on the other side of the aisle, Dean could imagine what Sam was feeling. In the end, the younger Winchester settled on a goofy smile that made him look like a happy puppy. It never left his face throughout the ceremony and the reception afterwards.
Dean hadn’t ever allowed himself to dream of a place like this but after Michael had hidden him away in a corner of his mind to let him fantasize about Rocky’s Bar … The idea had stuck ever since.
“You what?” Dean pointed an accusatory finger at his angel. “You said you haven’t seen them when I was looking for ‘em! You lied!”
The passionate kiss they shared in the entryway resulted in all the bar guests letting out Whoops. Or Charlie, Dean figured it was mostly Charlie who cheered them on.
The hunt had been supposed to be a simple, routine salt and burn. They’d gotten quite a few of those lately, since demons roaming Earth had gotten a bit rare after Rowena had taken over Hell.
But it was true and that’s what worried him to no end. He’d been overjoyed to find out he was going to be a father, of course he was, but almost immediately anxiety had set in.
Some time later, a different physician called into the lounge, “Robinson family?” The man with the Bible stood unsteadily and Cas instinctively jumped up and reached out to prevent him from falling.
Silence answered him initially, but then…a whimper. Cas closed his eyes, wishing mightily for patience. Three steps had him bedside the bed, and he got down on his knees and peered under afraid of what he might find. Sure enough, Dean was under there all right. Cas recognized the brilliant green eyes peeping back at him, even though the face they belonged to looked somewhat…different. A young boy stared back at him, thumb in mouth and eyes wide open.
Which explained his silk long underwear under his winter riding clothes, the lined gloves and  heavy duty winter coat.  He let himself into the main barn, making sure to close the door behind him to keep the heat in. He stood in the doorway for a moment, head cocked to the side. Sure enough, he heard Castiel cleaning his tack.
Castiel visits with Gadreel, and says hello to Sam, and then the happy couple of course, who keep trying to sneak away to the rest rooms for “freshening up”.  Adam already has several love bites on his neck and Michael’s lips are suspiciously swollen. Cas nurses a beer for an hour and then escapes.
“No worries, kiddo. Now get some rest. Text me if you need anything. I’ll bring your pills up in a few.”
Castiel glared at his brother. “He’s not my boyfriend. He’s barely a friend.” He crossed his arms over his chest. “But yeah. He mentions it a lot. Sometimes I think he thinks I’m getting beat up at home.”
Dean smiled. “Yeah. I hear that a lot.” He looked down at Jack-Jack, now snoozing peacefully. “Gonna put the baby down, get to your meeting, bitch.”
Dean tried not to be obvious about checking for new bruises.  “Dude, what do you actually DO in the mornings? I mean you look like—” He stopped as Novak pinned him with an icy glare.
This was the third day in a row that Cas had to work. Dean fully anticipated he would look even more exhausted tonight than he did last night and the night before. He was finding that Working Cas was much more uptight than Vacation Cas, a fact that Dean had failed to appreciate.
He gave report to Joe, a middle-aged man with short cropped hair and a neat goatee. Joe was a longstanding ICU nurse with lots of ECMO experience so report went smoothly. On his way out of the unit, he bumped into Hannah, his fraternal twin who worked straight days as an RN in the unit. Like Castiel, she had dark hair, thick and straight, but bright blue eyes. She also looked a lot more well rested.
Beefcake jerked his head up, stalks of hay dangling from his lip. Beefcake was an off the track thoroughbred that Gabe had picked up at auction. Although Castiel was known more of a soft touch than his brothers, Gabe never could resist puppy eyes, even if they came from a horse.
Unfortunately for Castiel the service is quite beautiful, and he discreetly wipes his eyes. For one heart stopping second he makes eye contact with Dean, and the world stops turning. Dean  keeps staring right back at Castiel like it’s his job. Taken, he’s taken, Cas tells himself, forcing his eyes elsewhere as the blood rushes to his face. For one terrifying moment Cas thinks he’s going into heat. His body flushes all over, and then...nothing. The heat-sense ebbs away and he breathes a sigh of relief. The ceremony goes on for another half an hour, and when it’s finally done, Castiel heads directly to the bar.
For the first time in his life, Dean was staying out of mischief. Knowing that he would be attending the same school next year was forcing him into better behavior, because this time he would be around to face the consequences of mouthing off or getting into fights, or hell, even just regular dating drama.
Cas pressed his lips together and forced himself to stay calm. This dude clearly had no idea how close he was to arresting from respiratory failure. “That means you have one leg that’s NOT broken. Or, I will pick your ass up and set it down in my car. But you ARE getting out of that car Dean and I AM taking you to a hospital.” Jesus fucking Christ, this guy.
It was just so much easier to wear winter riding clothes with an over layer instead of the three layers he had been wearing. Castiel made a face as he looked out the car window. Gabriel (as part of their arrangement) drove him to the barn before school. They did the cleaning and feeding together so they both had time to school the naughty ponies (ie—the mares). If needed, Gabe would give Castiel a short riding lesson, before dragging him off to the high school.
He wanted to see Dean looking for him in the cafeteria in the morning, somehow always knowing where Castiel was going to be and beelining right for him.
As if listening to his thoughts, Cas stopped in his tracks and said, “Dean, you really need a warm pair of gloves. Look, your hands are already too white.”  He hitched the lead rope over his shoulder and inspected Dean’s hand. Blue eyes locked onto green. Cas gave Dean’s palm a good strong press of his thumb before letting go.
He watched as they cut his clothes off, and put IV lines in. Hell, Castiel even took him to CT, while he wasn’t even clocked in! He’s been spending all this time fraternizing with a patient—
They sat across from each other at the dining room table. For a few minutes they ate in silence. Then Castiel asked, “ How did you end living with your brother? He and his wife are doctors, correct? I feel like I see them around the hospital sometimes.”
This far out in bum-fuck Virginia no streetlights lined the highways. Nothing out here but the dark anyway. Nearest real city-because no matter what the locals thought Charlottesville was not a city- was Richmond. Was that East or West from here? Dean couldn’t seem to remember. He rubbed his eyes. No sleep last night, too much to drink today plus not enough water probably, meant that his head was about to split open and his vision was bleary at best.
Once Cas got settled in and buckled up he leaned over and pulled a pair of sunglasses out of the glovebox. “Here, put these on. I see you squinting.”
Castiel had been assigned a challenging patient. This guy had been at home with the flu for a week, with shortness of breath that kept getting worse and worse. He presented to the ED but coded shortly after arrival. During the code, the docs found that his heart was wildly oversized, and not pumping very well. He’d gotten cannulated for ECMO on arrival in the ICU, which was always a clusterfuck when you were trying to do compressions and the surgeons are trying to place a giant catheter into the femoral artery.
“Well, Dean, I’m Mister Henrickson. Not quite standing room only this year, but close. Looks like there’s a seat back there next to Mister Novak.”
Sometimes he wondered if the hospital had weirdly become like a safe space for him. Cocooned in this wacked out place where monitors beeped 24/7, sometimes people screamed and yelled in the middle of the night, and he overheard basically everything at the nurses station. He didn’t think the nurses were used to having a patient who was awake and aware and holy hell he did not need to know how fucked up the guy down the hall was, or that the other lady had just bled out. Still. It made him feel like he was almost a member of a hidden community.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. He looked at his watch. Double fuck. It was past 1400 and his to-do list was a mile long.
“Yes, darling,” Castiel said fondly, “Of course I have a treat for you, but you know the rule: halter first, THEN treat.” She eyed him silently, but allowed the halter. As agreed he brought out a peppermint and uncrinkled it out of its wrapper. The noise made the mare arch her neck, perk up her ears and nicker.  “Here you go, beauty.”
The hunter buried his face in his bent knees, disregarding every breathing exercise Sam had ever tried to teach him and started hyperventilating.
“Did you really think … When you took that deal, what were you thinking? ‘Well I ain’t ever gonna be happy anyway so whatever?’”
When he finally rounded the building and came to a stop in front of it, a jingling sound made him turn around just in time to be pushed off balance and fall on his ass, a lapful of light haired, fluffy dog licking all over his face. “Hey, handsome! Knew you’d wait for me.”
Barging into the kitchen and seeing the scene unfolding, Dean yelled, “Cas! Don’t drink that! You don’t have any idea what’s in it!”
Castiel turned squinted eyes on him, slightly annoyed that he was interrupted not even two sentences into his story. “I did tell you my powers were fading but I suppose there was so much happening that I never really found the time to explain just how little grace was left.”
He faintly heard his brother yell his name and sat up groggily, rubbing the little sleep he’d gotten out of his eyes. Judging by the pounding of heavy footsteps coming in the direction of his room, Dean figured something had happened. He let his head fall back against the wall with a thump.
Shaking it off, he started to ramble for another time this night. At least this time there was actually someone listening.
And again, Sam was startled when Dean said, in a voice so low that he had to lean over the table to hear him, “I feel the same. And I couldn’t even tell him.”
“Dean!” He turned to stare at Castiel at the reprimand in his voice, dumbfounded when he found himself the target of an irritated glare.
To no avail. Dean just had a way of smashing the stones down and making himself at home within the borders.
She shook her head a little and looked him up and down hungrily. And not the kind of hunger Dean liked to see. “No. I just called dibs.”
Castiel looked over at him contemplating. “All day everyone has asked me that.” He lifted his head to look at the dark sky again. “People expect me to cry. They come up to me and are so careful with their questions, so quiet with their voices. I get their reasoning, obviously. The love of my life is dead.” He’d said it with such a dry voice that Sam had to laugh. Castiel went from powerful angel to capable human. He’d basically had to learn the basics of survival again but he’d never truly changed from the socially awkward angel he’d met decades ago.
Finally joining them, foregoing his chair to lower himself onto the towel spread out next to aforementioned idiots, Sam distributed the food amongst them.
Now, he knew clothes could have a soothing effect on people. Maybe it wasn’t the clothing itself but the familiarity that came with garments you’ve worn a hundred times, remembering both good and bad things that happened while wearing them.
She and Sam had brought Chinese take-out for all of them which had earned Eileen another hug, though this time from Dean before he had flopped down into a chair and started piling up Chow Mein on his plate, a spring roll already stuffed into his mouth.
The hunter paused. “In the evening? Why the hell didn’t you wake me? I’d have been fine after a little nap. And besides, you didn’t have to stay here the whole time.” He knew he had the hand lightly holding his to thank for the restful sleep he’d had but he felt bad knowing that Castiel was suffering back pain because of him.
All three men scarfing down pizza as though they haven’t eaten in days – which really was true only for one of them, the others just acted as if they were raised in a barn, as usual – Sam brought Castiel up to speed on what he’d missed since his spontaneous trip into the afterlife.
The essence transcended any physical place. The essence of his home had always been in the people surrounding him, filling up the seats and the cracks in his heart that he was left with after losing so many of them the first time round.
And if he didn’t return to his lonely bed and snoring dog that night, it was nobody’s business but their own.
As his ears slowly stopped ringing from adrenaline, the sounds of quiet music filled them instead. Lifting his gaze, his eyes fell to his headphones that lay discarded by the foot of his bed, the cable tangled in his sheets. He must have torn them from his head when he’d woken up.
The hunter sighed and continued to stare around the room. Miracle was sure having one hell of a time, flitting around people’s legs and collecting head scritches from everyone. Dean smiled at that. Who’d have thought they’d get a dog out of defeating Chuck?
Once he reckoned there were only two steps left before he’d be shish kebab-ed Dean tensed his muscles, dug his heels into the dirt and swung them around abruptly, catching the vampire by surprise and using the momentum to slam him into the metal.
“Listen, I do agree with the whole lonesome wolf God kinda thing but you’re still…” Dean hesitated but then decided that screw this, the boy deserved to hear it. “You’re still our kid. And I know you’ve been closest with Cas and I know you and I didn’t get off on the best start and there’s a lot of issues I haven’t dealt with but those are on me. Those are mine to figure out and while I do that, you will always have a family here. With me and with Sam. Your room didn’t come with the condition that Cas was here. It’s your home as well. And you can always come back here after you’ve done your God business.”
He’s Dean Winchester. He’s Dean Freaking Winchester who’s killed Death, and then Hitler, and then Death, again. And God! Goddamn freaking God! Well, he didn’t kill him and it was more of a group effort to be honest, but still. It’s about the matter of principle.
Peeking at his angel to see if he was finding the scene as funny as he did, he realized Castiel hadn’t been paying attention. Assuming he’d be in for a lecture about the importance of filmmaking, the angel was surprised when Dean’s expression softened and only pressed a kiss to his nose, making it scrunch up.
At present time the bunker was filled with people. They’d all come here after the funeral had finished, all eager to get into the warmth.
“Finally got your head outta that ass, boy?” Dean didn’t have to turn his head to know that one was Bobby and simply raised his middle finger in his vague direction, never letting go of his angel.
“Dude, why didn’t you say anything?” At Castiel’s puzzled face, Dean elaborated. “You’re human! And that chair isn’t all that comfortable. Especially not to sleep in.”
“Mornin’, sleeping beauty,” he greeted as he pointed at the coffee mug. “Just filled it, should still be hot.”
The brothers had come a long way, Dean mused some time later, lying in bed at night, running a hand through his sleeping angel’s hair and watching the silver of the ring reflect the dim lamp on his bedside table. From the siblings attached at their hips who’d jumped feet first into trouble and stumbled over each other to volunteer for the next sacrificing session to two guys with partners at their side who were actually settling down. Dean suppressed a laugh. If you’d told him they would turn out this way when he was standing outside Sam’s dorm all those years ago, he’d have knocked you out before you could finish the sentence.
Hoping that maybe he hadn’t heard, Dean turned around to return to his room and just do the whole worrying thing the old-fashioned way.
“Well since you’re off the market I have to make do with what’s available.” Mildred winked at Ash who put a hand over his heart dramatically. “I’m wounded, Milly. Deadly wounded.”
Dean froze. “No. No, no, no. Not again,” he whispered before he twisted his arm back and threw the phone at the far wall. It shattered into little pieces.
Darkness embraced the room. Immediately Dean’s anxiety returned. What if next time he woke up the angel wouldn’t be there? What if he wasn’t even there right now? Who was to say he wasn’t hallucinating? He knew his brain wasn’t the most reliable narrator. He didn’t know how elaborate hallucinations could be! How would he know –
He didn’t know how much time had passed, staring at the alarm clock sitting on his nightstand. The neon green numbers seared into his retinas until he could see their image every time he blinked.
“Thanks, Cas.” He rubbed at his eyes with his other hand and looked at his best friend hesitantly. “You’ll be at the funeral … Right?”
Over his heavy breathing he almost didn’t hear the voice saying his name. He pulled away his hands only to quickly close his eyes against the harsh light flooding the room.
I told you I was content with our friendship as it was but you decided against that. You don’t get to take that back right now just because you’re a little scared. So am I, Dean.” Castiel stepped closer as Dean took a step back only to hit the hallway wall with his back. He gulped. He’d never liked being at the receiving end of the angel’s death stares. “I don’t care if I die – again – as long as I can have this. Have you. It has been too long and in Sam’s words this has gotten ‘freaking ridiculous’ We deserve happiness. You do and I do as well. So get your head out of your ass.”
Dean let his head fall back against his pillow and closed his eyes. He just wanted to escape this reality for a while. Or longer.
Claire mulled it over for a second. “Don’t you guys have emergency tampons in the trunk for bullet wounds? Could’ve just shoved one of those in to stall the bleeding and driven you to a hospital. Or called an ambulance but the headless bodies might’ve been hard to explain.”
“So why’re they wearing masks? They’re vampires. They bite people. With their teeth. Why do they make their own lives harder by covering their faces?” Dean asked standing over the Impala. They’d just talked to the local police at the crime scene who’d showed them a sketch of the skeleton masks the intruders had been wearing and both brothers had recognized it from a similar drawing in John Winchester’s old journal which Dean was now flipping through.
He hadn’t realized he’d started shouting again. Throwing a glance back at the door, he half expected someone to hear him and come to find him screaming at the wall. They’d think he’d finally lost his marbles.
Dean tried to pull free from the arms holding him with a grunt but no dice. He figured he’d end up like Bella freaking Swan in a matter of minutes so he couldn’t quite keep the surprise from his face when instead a woman walked in.
Eileen listened without interrupting. Only when he grew quiet again did she slowly start to answer, keeping eye contact as she moved her hands so he could see the open honesty in her face. “Sam, I get where you’re coming from. I do, you’re not the only one terrified of messing up. This is a whole ass person that we’re adding to our family and they’re gonna be our responsibility. Ours to fuck up if we aren’t careful.
When it happened the third time, he sat up abruptly in his bed. Fumbling for it on the table next to him for a moment before realizing it had fallen to the ground at some point during the night, Dean dove under his bed to pick it up.
Sam didn’t recognize too many of them – it had been a long time and most of them he’d only met once before – but a lot of the guests were people he and Dean had saved over the years. Most hadn’t kept in contact but somehow the news of Dean Winchester’s death – for real, this time – had travelled far and fast. Sam recognized Cesar Cuevas, wondering briefly what had happened to his husband, Jesse, and the Barnes twins, Alicia and Max. An unfamiliar man stood close to Max, a hand on the small of his back.
Though she didn’t look like she would have particularly minded hearing it, long as it might be, Mildred decided for a more essential question. Her face smoothed into a serious expression Dean had never seen on her before. “Are you happy with him?”
The plan they’d come up with to work out where the vampires were hiding out turned out to be smooth sailing. A little dead man’s blood, a litte threatening, a little torturing and bingo.
Castiel looked over at him shocked for a second before he remembered that Sam had always been too intelligent for his own good and an apologetic smile formed on his lips. “I’ve been alive for millennia. Truthfully, I wouldn’t have been if not for Dean. I’ve died before but never as a human. Not permanently, anyway. I guess … I guess now I’m going to find out what happens next.”
Forcing himself to be brave just for a little while longer, Dean inched forward a little and reached for one of Castiel’s hands. It was cold in Dean’s sweaty palm but he didn’t mind.
The delicate contact could barely count as a kiss. It wasn’t steamy, it wasn’t passionate. But it wasn’t meant to be. Dean was simply trying to convey, trying to make his angel understand what he felt without saying it out loud. Yes, he was a coward for it but there was only so much confrontation and heart-to-heart he could take in one day.
Glaring at him, Castiel raised his voice. “He neglected and abused you your entire childhood, Dean! You and Sam!” He emphasized that last bit, knowing Dean would be more inclined to listen to him if he brought Sam up but the hunter swallowed his own anger for once.
Dean groaned. This whole pranking stuff had been easier before dating an angel who actually gave a shit about him treating his brother nicely.
Sitting in comfortable silence for a moment, Sam watched Castiel. The former angel had seemed calm during their conversation but now he’d started wringing his hands together. Noticing what he was doing, he stopped and pushed his hands into the pockets of the old trench coat Sam hadn’t seen in forever.
The wooden steps creaked in tune with his knees as Castiel climbed them. He kept his eyes on the cracked yellow paint of the door as he waited for someone to answer his knocks.
“John Winchester is in Heaven?” For the first time in decades, Dean was actually scared of Castiel. Bobby had just mentioned that Sam and Dean’s parents had a house quite a few miles away. Apparently they didn’t visit often and mostly kept to themselves. “I’m going over there to kick that bastard’s ass.”
He faced his angel, his heart filling with fondness at the way Castiel rubbed at the corner of his eye, hair all tousled and borrowed t-shirt and sweatpants creased. “Uh, hi.”
Something in Dean’s back made a grating cracking sound in symphony with his kneecaps as he pushed up off the floor to meet Sam in the hallway. He’d really gotten too old to spend the night on the floor, he thought with a scrunched up face.
The sand would be a bitch to get out of the various crevices of his body but that was a problem for Future Dean, he figured, as he leant over to rest his head on Castiel’s shoulder.
It only took Dean until that night to doubt his decision. They’d gone to bed in their separate rooms, not long after their conversation. Castiel had been up for who even knew how many hours and was absolutely wiped and Dean was just as tired. Though his exhaustion probably came from baring his heart in this wholly unaccustomed way. That’s how he found himself lying in his bed staring at the ceiling, the only sound Miracle’s slight snoring.
A kid who’d just lost a parent and had barely even been given time to grieve before a weight way too heavy and way too much to bear alone had been thrust at him.
With a grimace, Dean scrutinized the remnants of pigment that hadn’t come off no matter how many times he’d washed his hands at the gas station restroom as he unlocked the door to their house. “That Rapunzel hair finally get to you or why’d you get pink paint?”
And every single time, you were right. And every time, I was so damn proud of you because you’ve dragged me with you, even when I had no hope left at all.
Dread found its way into Dean’s body. His chest felt tighter, his lungs couldn’t process the air he sucked in, his palms got clammy and sweaty.
Pointing at her Dean looked at Sam with wide eyes. “See? That’s how a normal person eats, Sammy. Not the rabbit food you call dinner!”
When morning arrived, sunlight hidden in the windowless bunker, Dean had already given up on sleeping. After tossing and turning for a few hours he’d resigned himself to make a big pot of coffee and carrying it with him into the library.
Eileen smiled up at her boyfriend’s brother, shaking her head. “No, thanks. I’m good. I’ve already eaten three. I’m gonna explode if I have any more.”
It’s the end he never believed he would get but the one he had found himself longing for as the years had gone by.
Finally getting a hold of himself, Dean straightened up and sighed. He smiled up at his angel apologetically. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll get my shit together. As you said, we –“ he hesitated a second, not used to say anything positive about himself but trying anyway because this included
, Dean thought amused as the old hunter grumbled into his beard and slammed his cue onto the table, Missouri smiling innocently at him the whole while.
After a moment, Eileen calmed down enough to explain. “The sign for ‘Thank You’ is this.” She placed her hand at her chin before moving it outward. Then she grinned at him. “What you did?” She repeated the sign Dean had made, similar to the one she’d demonstrated, but with the hand starting under her chin. “That one means ‘Fuck you.’”
Waking up he’d immediately figured Castiel returning was just another figment of his imagination. To see him sit there, forehead creased as he leaned over – it was like the rain after months of drought.
Sam looked up at him exasperated. “Seriously, dude? You’ve been wearing those pants non stop for like a month. Have you even washed them?”
“Okay,” he muttered, encouragement for Sam and himself. They could do this. Four vampires, two hunter. Easy as cake.
At this Dean perked up and let his pride straighten his posture. “Well, they are the best burgers in all of Kansas. You’d be a fool not to like ‘em. Also today’s you lucky day ‘cause I’m pretty sure there’s gotta be a couple burger patties left I can throw on the grill for you.”
So that’s how they’d found themselves sitting in the pews, inside a small church. Sunlight was streaming in through the stained glass windows high up on the walls, painting translucent squares of colors onto the floor. Tall vases of yellow, orange and red flowers flanked the aisles on either side, leading from the closed doors all the way to the altar that was decorated with the same flowers and matching ribbons.
“Okay, dumbass. You listen to me right now. Up until like a week ago, I didn’t even know angels could feel that way. Even after you said it, I kept thinking, ‘Well, he probably meant it in a brotherly kinda way.’ I didn’t let myself think …” Dean paused. “Shit, Cas, this whole communicating thing isn’t easy for me.”
Jack looked up at Dean again and all of a sudden he looked like the 3 year old lost little boy that he was.
For a long while after that, he’d sat alone at the table in the library, nursing a beer and staring at the names carved into the wood.
He listened, only barely conscious, as Sam got up, shuffled his way to the kitchen to turn on the noise coffee maker and back down the hall to the bathroom. When the shower stopped its monotone noise and petered out into an irregular dripping Sam went back to his room again shortly before the muffled steps became more distant as he made his way to the war room. After the loud thump of the bunker door faded out the comforting sounds of his baby brother getting ready for his morning run stopped and Dean was once again alone with the silence.
and talked right over him instead, raising his voice all the while. “but you do not get to decide this all on your own. You do not get to tell me all that you did and kiss me and then choose that you don’t want to go down that route after all.
Sam couldn’t believe his brother who had literally gone to Hell and back had changed into this man who went on hunts not to kill his own demons but because it was the job he was good at and who looked forward to coming home at the end of the day because he had something to come home
Castiel looked down at the steaming coffee he was holding as he recounted, “You need to know first that when the Empty took me I had lost most of my grace so I was basically human at that point.”
Coming back, he stopped where the concrete walkway turned into sand and just watched his brother and his best friend. They had moved from the beach chairs to the sand. Apparently Castiel had finally given in to Dean’s nagging and was now being buried in the sand.
His route didn’t take him past the war room. He’d seen enough of Sammy’s worried little glances this week, thank you very much.
They quickly geared up, keeping quiet and using the sign language Eileen had taught them to not alert the vampires of their presence before heading inside. ASL was really proving to be an advantage – communicating without talking was a nice benefit in their line of work, especially when the military hand signs weren’t enough. The barn looked empty on the first glance. Already annoyed that they’d wasted the night coming to the wrong location, Dean moved his flashlight around. The barn looked eerily familiar but he couldn’t put his finger on it.
Realizing Castiel was still frozen against him, his lips unmoving, Dean pulled back. Of course he’d messed it up somewhere. It just wasn’t possible for him to actually make something like this work- He didn’t come far, neither with his self-deprecating thoughts, nor with his head before the other man reached around him and grabbed the back of his neck to bring him back down to him.
“Anyway. Nothin’ I can do about it but try and find a way to get him outta there. So that’s what I’m gonna do.” Picking up what had to have been the most promising books of the bunch, Dean fled the room as fast as he could, not giving his little brother a chance to speak.
Dean had the decency to at least look a bit sheepish at that for a second, looking down at the offending piece of clothing. “Well, I… I mean, now that you mention it…”
He didn’t remember much aside from that but the pain he had been subjected to would never leave his memory.
As the lighter got thrown into the wooden logs, a somber silence laid heavily over the crowd that had amassed.
The angel nodded, “Of course, Sam. I look forward to seeing her again. I’m happy she’s back. I know you took it really hard when she disappeared.”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder once more, smiling brightly at him. “Alright. Go and make all your dads proud.”
Sam just rolled his eyes and scoffed. “It’s healthy, Dean. Wouldn’t kill you to eat some every once in a while either. Your body probably throws a party every time a vitamin swims by on accident.”
Dozens of people had assembled to send the man who had saved the world more times than they could count off into the afterlife.
All the fight left Dean at the realization that Jack reminded him so much of himself at that moment.
“I was just coming to say Goodbye.” At Dean’s frown he was quick to add, “For now. I have some uh, God business to do.”
Dean let his angel pull out the piece of wood stuck in his hand, if only to ease his eternal worrying and then wrapped his arms around him, resting his head on his shoulder.
Punching the vampire to his left in the balls, Dean immediately jumped after him and got in some more punches.
When they pulled apart, a growling noise came from their position and all three men looked down at Castiel’s stomach with surprise.
“But what if you didn’t?” Castiel raised his head to meet Dean’s eyes with desperation written on his face. “You survived this time, but what if next time you don’t? And it’s all because I can’t heal you or because I can’t find the locket or whatever it will be in time.”
Long after their guests had left the house, all of them giddy from excitement, the happiness had worn off for Sam as he laid in the dark, Eileen fast asleep next to him. The hunter had a hard time finding any rest.
He could feel her smile against his neck. “Me, too, nerd, but I’m suffocating. Uncle, I call Uncle!”
So that was how Dean found himself leaning against the wall in the war room observing the crowd that had accumulated over the course of the evening.
“Well, Sam didn’t turn his alarm off before leaving for Eileen’s and it woke me this morning so I was gonna…” His grin disappeared quickly at the disapproving glare thrown his way. He couldn’t believe he was feeling chastised by an eyebrow. “Put my dirty socks in his drawer.”
Coming around the table, Sam pulled Castiel up off his chair and into another hug. With a gesture to Dean he quietly told him, “Get him into bed, will you? He hasn’t been sleeping much and the few times that he did … Well, if the yelling in the middle of the night meant anything, they were nightmares. And bad ones at that. Heard him all the way down the hallway in my room.” Sam let go and looked at his brother, eyebrows furrowed in concern. “He’s not doing great, Cas.”
hitting the ground in the process. “Cas, you didn’t just watch. You found the locket and you burned it. You made sure Sam and I didn’t get killed. Yeah, sure, we’re a bit roughed up, but we’re fine! We all survived and that’s what matters.”
The hunter could barely finish his sentence before finally he heard the familiar fluttering of invisible wings behind himself.
“Hey, boys. Okay, c’mon. Stay behind us, we’re gonna keep you safe. C’mon,” Dean ushered them out of there, making sure they stayed at their backs. The kids didn’t look at Dean but somewhere behind them with fear on their faces and Dean knew they were fucked.
Sitting down on the back porch, Dean stared at the little screen of the baby monitor he’d grabbed from the side table that showed the little girl and started talking, a far away look in his eyes, “One of the only memories I have of Mom before she died – well, before she died the first time, when I was four – is her singing me a lullaby every night.” Dean scrunched up his nose. “It wasn’t a lullaby, really. It was
Across the fire Sam could see Charlie and Stevie, hugging each other close. Other Apocalypse World refugees were watching close by.
Sam and her quickly agreed to not make a whole big thing out of it and decided to just have a small, quiet ceremony. A casual affair with their closest friends and family. Which meant mostly Sam’s family, considering Eileen’s parents had been killed when she was just a baby and the hunter who had raised her had died as well.
Dean had just begun to catch the residents of Harvelle’s up on what had happened on Earth while they were shooting the shit up here, a crowd accumulating around his and Bobby’s table when suddenly the door swung open.
When he reached the end of the letter, several spots of ink had bled over the paper, splotches of tears turning words into dark blue puddles.
As Dean’s brain stopped working and he could do nothing else but stand there with the biggest grin, he got pulled into another bear hug.
Dean took his face in his hands. “Cas, you gotta listen to me. We made it outta there today ‘cause you make a damn fine hunter. You don’t need your grace to help. You just do what you always do, trust your guts and do the right thing. It’s what you did today and it’s what got us outta there. Hell, Sammy and me got slammed around like nerds on the playground and you’re the one who figured out it was the locket and dusted the fucker.” He tilted Castiel’s head and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “Grace or no grace, Cas. You’re helping even if you don’t realize it.”
Dean pointed a finger at him accusingly, stepping closer. “You’ve brought him back before! You can do it again!”
Dean tilted his head towards his brother, smirking through the windshield at the dark road in front of him. “Yeah, well, not everyone can be as smart and witty as we are.”
Of course he had never planned to realize the day dream but one night he’d made the mistake of telling Castiel about it.
Not even the ridiculously tiny umbrella in his cocktail could bring the hunter’s mood down. In fact, it only made him more excited. He didn’t know when he was at a beach the last time. Hell, he didn’t remember ever being to a beach in the first place. So of course he’d had to go all out. They deserved it, damnit.
Gary Busey had died a long time ago so Sam wasn’t able to honor that wish but they did hire a choir. They had looked at him incredulously when he’d suggested they’d sing Black Sabbath’s
The hunter gave himself a minute to catch his breath. He’d been running around the place all day to make sure everything was ready for the grand opening tomorrow. If it would be all that grand, he didn’t know. He knew Sam, Eileen and Baby Maura would come. Jody, Donna and the girls had also promised to make the trip even though Dean told them it wasn’t a big deal if they didn’t, he knew it was a long drive. The two sheriffs had shut him right up.
He brought the bottle up again, muttering into the glass. “’When you’re truly happy.’ What, so this whole – Our little… Family didn’t make you happy? That what this is about?” Dean scoffed before drinking again. He knew it wasn’t what this was about at all but oh well it’s something he could get angry about and as everyone knew, Dean Winchester’s second most favourite healthy coping mechanism was anger.
And then one day, not long after Sam had popped the question, Eileen had asked Castiel to be her – in lack of a better word – maid of honor. Unfazed by the terminology as Dean had known he would be, the angel had agreed enthusiastically, though really, he didn’t know all that much about weddings.
Dean slumped back against the headboard of his bed yawning while Castiel looked around the room curiously. There was a disturbing amount of various liquor and beer bottles strewn around the floor and surfaces, most of them empty; dirty clothes and discarded books laid in heaps everywhere and there was a small pile near the door that Castiel needed a minute to identify to be a phone. Well, at least that’s what it used to be.
With the last bit of energy Dean could summon he started struggling. Panic was flaring up in him. He couldn’t speak, couldn’t do anything much but plead in his mind, hoping it would reach Castiel in a prayer.
Dean sat in the driver’s seat that had long since become a home to him, shoulders relaxed, eyes wrinkling at the corners with a soft smile in them, his hands were drumming a beat on the leather covered steering wheel as he sang along to the Metallica song blasting out of the speakers.
He shrugged it off and rambled on, fists clenched tight, fingernails digging into his palms, uncomfortable pressure where his knuckles had met the wall.
“At the time I was mostly just thinking about how to save Jack. The Empty was going to take him but I knew it really wanted me since I was the one who woke it up. So I offered myself. I didn’t think about the consequences until later.”
He couldn’t snap out of it until Castiel’s hand slid down to his elbow. Dean’s gaze wandered to Castiel’s face and took in the pained expression that quickly turned into an apologetic frown.
Trying to swallow the anxiety that rose in Dean’s throat like bile, his eyes darted around the forest, looking for some way out of this hell.
She gestured at him and the two vamp minions pulled him up and positioned him in front of her. “Dean Winchester. Fancy seeing you here.”
He made it in the end. Of course he did, if there’s one thing Dean Winchester was good at, it was burgers and he wanted everyone to know that.
himself, gave himself up to the Empty for- for me, Sammy.” Dean’s voice broke and he closed his eyes to stop the tears from falling.
Pamela had stopped as she walked by and looked at him incredulously. “Dean Winchester, telling someone to not solve their problems with a fist? What the hell happened to you?”
So that’s how the brothers ended up in front of Eileen’s house. Dean had insisted to actually escort him to the door if only to see with his own eyes that Sam’s girlfriend was safe.
When the rest of his bottle of scotch was gone so was Dean’s belief that he could find anything even remotely helpful. All the centuries of knowledge and he couldn’t find any way to get into the Empty. At this point he wouldn’t even care for a way out. He just wanted to get to Castiel. No matter how it was done.
He turned away to grab his jacket from the table and climbed the stairs. Before he opened the door, he looked back down over the railing. “Hey, Cas?” He waited until the former angel turned his face up to him with a questioning head tilt. Sam smiled at him warmly. “Welcome home.”
Sam made an effort to breathe in slowly through his nose, out through his mouth and after a couple more minutes, his breathing was close to normal again. He sank back into the pillows, bone tired now that the adrenaline left his body and gave Eileen an apologetic little smile.
The hunter knew this wouldn’t be the last time he’d hear of these issues but he was prepared to convince his angel of his worth as a human every day if he had to. He’d catch Castiel every time he fell and make him believe what he saw in him.
Through the bunker’s garage he left the building quickly, walking through the grass until he stood in the middle of the field next to the bunker.
“If you ever decide to try out LARPing, just gimme a call. Doesn’t matter what I’m doing, I’ll make time.”
Feeling unconsciousness creeping closer the second his head hit the pillow, Dean forced himself to stay awake just for a bit longer. “Hey, Cas?”
“Yeah, well, he’s a Winchester after all. Stubborn, self sacrificial, deal making assholes that we are”, Dean replied with a chuckle. Seeing the grief never quite leaving Jack’s face, Dean pushed the sorrow he was feeling into a dark room in his heart and sealed the door shut. For now, at least. Putting on his big brother mask, he reached up to ruffle the kid’s hair. “Alright, now come on. Let’s go see Sammy. He’ll freak out when he sees you. Maybe he’ll even faint. I’ll definitely need to film that.”
But before she could say anything else she had her arms full with the tall man, limbs flying everywhere. Dean rolled his eyes. You should think he’s been in possession of those long enough to actually have some semblance of control over them.
Dean had tuned out early on, only hearing scraps of what was being said. “Lucifer offered his help … Realized Michael was gonna turn sides … Let Chuck beat us up a bit … Killed them both … Jack absorbed his mojo … Now human … Didn’t kill him though … Now Jack’s God … But don’t worry, Dean bullied him into still coming over for dinner …”
Sam knew who he had to thank for Dean getting better and so he sent a tiny prayer over to Castiel who he knew wouldn’t hear this but well, it was about the principle. He’d just have to make sure to tell him in person later.
Decades of unaddressed trauma, from his abusive upbringing over 40 years in literal Hell and being confronted with all kinds of monsters, being used by an archangel to losing so, so many people without any time to properly process any of it, no one could be surprised that Dean Winchester was now hallucinating his angel calling.
Dean started rolling up a random piece of paper in his hand, staring at the table. “You know what. I’m looking at a way to either get into the Empty or to get … Someone out.”
And I would change a lot of it now that I’m older and smarter- Hey, stop laughing, I did get smarter! I would change a lot of it if it meant getting those people back, saving even just one more person.
That’s all it took for Dean to beam brightly at her, swallow his food quickly so she would have an easier time reading his lips and jump right into an hour long conversation about elves, dwarves, dragons and orcs that Sam and Castiel spent mostly by just sending each other amused smiles and their respective love interest warmhearted glances.
?” in their minds before parting with glassy eyes, smiles on their faces and the promise to see each other again in a better place.
The silence settled over them again, both brothers sinking down into their own thoughts. Sam turned his head to look at his brother with a fond smile on his face.
People who once had been their enemies but had unexpectedly become their allies, had become friends. Acquaintances who had casually crossed paths with them came to help when they’d asked – or even if they didn’t – and stayed at their sides.
at the funeral but after discussing it for a long while –and bribing them with a not insignificant amount of money – they’d finally agreed.
So thank you, Sam. Thank you for joining me on my journey to find happiness. Never could’ve done so without you, baby brother.
After several minutes of attention Miracle seemed to have been contented as he pushed up on his legs, gave Dean’s face a quick lick that he was too slow to dodge and jumped down to the floor to leave the room. Most likely in search of some snacks. He took after his dad in that regard.
At that, his angel pulled him into a deep kiss that only got interrupted by Maura waking up. Dean got up quickly to check on her and when he came back with two steaming mugs, he had a blanket tucked under his arm that he threw over them both as he snuggled up next to Castiel on the garden bench. Only because there was a cold breeze and they had to share body heat, of course.
The anger rushing out of him as fast as it had come, Dean now just felt empty. He could kill monsters and demons and save people but when it came to the one person he needed to save, he couldn’t.
Castiel chuckled wearily. His voice was barely a whisper when he said, “I miss my wings, too. I know I couldn’t use them anymore after the angels fell but they were still there, you know? They were still a part of me. A comfortable weight behind me and now that they’re gone … I feel out of balance. Like someone ripped a set of limbs from me.”
“It uh, it was more him that decided to put an end to it, actually. Said he’d loved me and then he died.” He took a sip of his beer. “Literally.” Seeing the bewilderment on Mildred’s face, he was quick to add, “But obviously he’s fine now. It’s- honestly, it’s a bit of a long story. And probably pretty boring.”
Chuck was defeated, all the people he had snapped out of existence were back and it was finally over.
Castiel actually made to stand up while Bobby and Sam looked at him encouragingly so Dean decided he had to be the voice of reason for once and tugged at Castiel’s elbow so he would sit back down. “Cas, Cas. He’s not worth it.”
That was it. That was as long as Dean could hold out before rounding the table and coming to a halt in front of his angel. Hesitating only a second, his hand suspended in midair, Dean thought to himself, ‘If this is some sort of trick again, I’m gonna lose it. I couldn’t take it.’ Then he put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder and sighed with relief as his lips split into a wide grin.
His face hurt. He’d been smiling the whole evening, talking to people as if everything was fine. Celebrating the epic win they just secured and sharing everyone’s happiness. Dean was happy of course. How could he not be? They were free now. Free of Chuck’s influence, free of having to fight for their lives. Well, until the next apocalypse of course.
His thoughts revolved around one thing in particular: John Winchester. Sam was his father’s son after all, even if it pained him to admit it.
“What’s stopping you?” he’d asked. “Sam’s moved out and has an adorable little family, the hunter network the two of you have started back up is working perfectly, the bunker will be fine on its own considering it will still be standing long after everyone we know is gone … So what’s stopping you?”
Dean looked at him unimpressed before stopping the car and putting her in Park. “Hilarious, Sam. You’re a comedian.”
Castiel regarded him with a dead expression. “I think I would have punched you. Risen up from the Empty out of pure desire to punch you in the face.”
Dean scoffed incredulously as he took a sip from his beer and tried to regain his composure. “Dude, you just came back from the dead for the – I don’t even know how many times that’s been now. I couldn’t care less about some crying with you sitting here right now. Who cares for a little more trauma on the PTSD cake?”
When Castiel didn’t answer Dean finally lifted his head only to duck it back down when he couldn’t stand the soft, open affection on the angel’s face.
To be perfectly honest, Castiel didn’t know what Dean was saying half the time. The high pitched voice humans adapted when talking to babies was not one of the very many languages he spoke. But it didn’t matter. Seeing the hunter sit on the floor, legs stretched out to either side and roll the bright blue plastic ball to Little Maura lying on the soft carpet two feet in front of him for her to catch it with the most excited of giggles and clumsily attempt to roll it back while he cheered her on was adorable.
. “’Dean Winchester, the legend. Nailed to death,’” he smirked. “Does have a nice ring to it. Can you imagine, though? I just, what, die by stupidity?” He turned to Castiel sitting next to him. “Like a week after you sacrifice yourself for me? Just get nailed and be like, alright, this is it, see ya in Hell, bitches!”
Dean stood silently for a while, just breathing in and out like Sam had once tried to teach him and focused on the light pressure of the hand wrapped around his upper arm to calm himself down before continuing with something that had been on his mind for a while.
Your father might be a giant fucking asshole-“ Sam chuckled tiredly at her choice of words, finding that he agreed wholeheartedly. “But John Winchester isn’t the person who raised you. Dean did. And if you’re gonna be even half as devoted and dedicated and loving as him as a dad, which I know for a fact you will be? I think you’re gonna be alright.”
Dean chuckled, shaking his head a little. “Yup, nothin’ gets people goin’ quite as much as a ‘Hey, we didn’t die! Again! Beer and burgers on us!’”
” at one of the employees who told him to quit yelling Caddyshack references every two minutes. As luck would have it the staff member knew ASL. So then they had to change their minigolf course to another one, much to everyone’s chagrin. Except Claire’s because she now knew how to insult cops without them noticing.
Castiel had seen a lot of things in his millennia long lifetime. He’d watched dinosaurs hunt each other and eventually get wiped out, he’d watched the fish heave itself out of the water onto the beach, he’d seen the Tower of Babel fall, stood by helplessly as humans fought senseless war after war, had witnessed oceans rise and empires fall.
“You’re being ridiculous, Dean. It’s perfectly fine”, replied the angel who had just picked up the glass in front of him.
But there’s a strain to the grins and a heavy feeling in his chest every time he laughed at someone’s jokes.
So he just huffed a small laugh, letting his nerves at the whole ordeal show. “Yeah, well she’s still gotta say Yes. Not sure how that’s gonna work out, so…”
Sam threw up his hands in irritation. “Dude! I really don’t wanna hear that shit!” He grabbed his coffee and laptop and left with one last bitch face thrown at them.
Dean checked off his mental checklist as he circled around the bar room. The wooden floor was swept, the dark oak countertop had been wiped down, the shelves behind it were stocked with any kind of alcoholic beverages you could ask for – safe for the bottle of vodka Castiel had taken a liking to that had disappeared under mysterious circumstances – the mirror the shelves were mounted on was cleaned.
