anymore!!” he shouted, waving his opposite hand, that wasn’t holding John's hair, around like he was trying to do a magic trick.
Martin Freeman.
"Two years!" He sounded so strangled and it broke Sherlock's heart. "You – you could have contacted me!! Why did you leave? Why would you do that? That – that's just so cruel!" He spat, his voice changing into anger instead of sadness. Though, to be fair, he knew John was going to be a mix of many emotions for a while now.
“They wanted to turn my home into a museum..” He blinked rapidly and then grinned. “Woah… That’s amazing!”
I CRY! AHAHA
John stared down at them for a moment before setting the water down on the desk and setting the box of tissues in his lap, “Are you going to be in here while I watch them?” He asked quietly because honestly he didn’t know if he would be able to handle it if Mycroft was hovering over his shoulder.
John dug deeper into the drawer and froze when he pulled out a small baggy. He frowned slightly – his fear getting the best of him, but Sherlock wouldn’t dare use that stuff… it was most likely something harmless and John was freaking out over nothing. John held the bag up to the light, examining it thoroughly, when he still had no idea what it was for sure he slowly opened it and sniffed it. It didn’t have a smell unfortunately so he had to take drastic measure, he licked his finger to wet it and then stuck his hand in the bag – with Sherlock this could have been poison and John knew he shouldn’t taste it, but he
(See the end of the chapter for
Ignoring the voice inside his head that wanted to remind John that John himself was one of them, Sherlock instead felt something inside of him jump. Then for the third time that day, he surprised himself, perhaps he needed to go to the hospital and have a brain scan. “Do you want to walk home together…?”
“Not from my end, no, but from Sherlock's he likes to think we are,” he sighed. “He does like to be dramatic,” he hummed.
John couldn’t help but smile sadly as he nodded slowly, “Thank you.”
“No...” John shook his head and kissed his nose, “I’m sorry... I love you so much.”
Answer:
“Wha…?” Sherlock blinked a little and stiffened.
Sherlock huffed and then smiled at John. “Well, John, thank you so much for your little speech on Sherlock Holmes. It has been quite inspiring and I hope to see you again soon one day.” He smirked and then reached out to snatch the book away from John. “Bye!!!” He sung and then ran out of the flat with then book still in his hands. He knew how he was going to make him believe!
i did take out like the songs and the prayers and testimonies and shit, but yeah... i felt like it was nice way to go about it (: Though it was heartbreaking.
Sherlock nodded and thanked him before getting out of the car and going into the house to John. He climbed in bed and hugged John close to him. John was already dead to the world, but that made sense because he was coming down from the drug. He sighed and just ran his fingers up and down John's arm and eventually drifted to sleep.
And then Sherlock got the message about the body on the beach and they were off again, old woman forgotten. John was almost certain the little boy was going to die as well, but Sherlock managed to solve it just in time.
Sherlock actually had no idea what he was doing, but he had seen plenty of sappy chick flicks from when Cakeman had watched them, which was quite frequent, that he figured he was doing everything right. And John seemed to like it anyway so he supposed even if he was pants at this it didn’t matter. He gently pulled away and put their foreheads together.
"Wake up! Time for school!!!" He sung with his hand over his eyes still.
“Well, I’m not letting you sleep on the floor, Sherlock.”
Sherlock just blinked. “Cosplay..?” He echoed.
Sherlock nodded some and held his hand as they left the house.
Once his bag was all packed and he made sure he had everything, he left the room and went to go check out. It had been about three hours since Sherlock called. John definitely took his time, he took a shower, packed slowly, and watched a bit more Telly. But eventually he knew he would have to face him, so once three hours had passed he stood up and left the room. He straightened his posture, put on his battle face, and prepared for the worst.
"Jesus!!!" He growled and turned to glare at what appeared to be Mike. "What the fuck?"
“Wha– Really? We are going to do this now? No. I’m trying to learn!” This was a complete lie. John wasn’t even paying attention.
Sherlock grinned brightly and purchased the locket, “Now we cut off a piece of my hair!” He hummed and pulled out some scissors that he had brought with him. He handed them to John, “Here... you can do it.”
and forgive me for making you wait longer than a year.....
The voice was so soft and so sweet and he knew that voice. Why did he know that voice? It was like he was in a fog and he couldn’t see, he couldn’t think, and he couldn’t hear, but somehow those words got to him, even if they sounded so far away. All he could focus on was John’s body being lifted away, being taken further and further away from him. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to figure out who was talking to him... He racked his brain and tried to push everything down... and then it hit him and his eyes snapped opened.
“Nah, I’ll just roll to the bathroom. It’s only ten feet away about.” He smirked and then started rolling his body to the bathroom.
about him..? They had history… Unless… “What did he ever do to you?” he asked slowly, not sure if that was the right question to ask either, but apparently it was.
Sherlock and John had been writing letters back and forth for five months now; it was adorable because Sherlock had written a letter right when he got home from dropping John off. Sherlock had wrote saying he already missed him dearly and that he didn’t care if he had just seen John seconds before, he wanted to write a letter so dammit he was going to write one.
Anderson just blinked at him and then growled. “You’re a freak! What kind of person likes to look at dead bodies anyway?!” he yelled.
“Right... I’m leaving the room now and I won so ha!” Sherlock grumbled and then stood up and left.
grateful that we aren’t arresting the two of you.”
“I’m quite sure I could. I spent three years without you and I will gladly spend the rest of my life without you there! I don't need you! In fact you slow me down quite a bit. These feelings are tedious. The faster you’re out of my life the better.” He growls back, but his heart was breaking. ‘Stay... please... just please...
Mycroft was trying his best not to laugh and Sherlock was shaking his head, leave it to Sherlock to find the most ridiculous seventeen-year-old on the planet, “Maybe if you are a good little boy we can go to Primark after.”
He blinked a bit, “Oh... I – because he’s brilliant. He’s also misunderstood... many people don’t know him like I do. Though, I don't even think I know him anymore.” He sniffled slightly.
Lily smiled brightly at her two boys, but then her smile quickly faded when she got a look at their faces, “Well, then... have a bit of a row, did we?”
Sherlock walked up to the roof and shut the door, “So... here I am.” He said and walked closer to the mad man.
John growled a bit and then groaned. He flew his hand up to his shoulder and clenched it tightly to apply pressure. “Oh you know... a cuppa would be fantastic!” He groaned and when Mike stood up to leave, probably to go get the tea, he groaned more and rolled his eyes. “NOT REALLY!!”
“Hey… hey you. You, mister. I need to leave! I’m going to be late… but you’ll have to carry me because I can’t move my body…” He blinked once and then glared down at his body like it had personally offended him. How dare it not move at a time like this. He made a promise!
“John, really, I’m not in the mood for childish games. Take this off of me right now.” He groaned as John started spinning him in a circle, but didn’t really make any effort to take the blindfold off of him himself.
He sat down and immediately got to work, Mycroft tried to stop him, but John was having none of it. He wasn’t going to listen! He needed to do this and he
peeling is an inside joke...... with myself... wow im fucking lame.
Sherlock smirked some because he loved it when that happened, he loved that he could make John breathless. He laid down on top of John and kissed him softly as he rocked his hips back and forth.
Mycroft’s eyes snapped to Sherlock. They had enough information that he knew Sherlock would be able to find this Greg. He nodded once as he caught the kit that Sherlock had thrown at him. “Be safe, little brother.” He whispered.
She nodded as well and held the coat tightly in her hands, "I understand..."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Not like that! Like– like… ugh! I don’t know how to describe it!”
“Letters don’t just disappear, John, so obviously you didn’t. Stop lying to me about it, it’s just making things worse.” He growled and then finally turned to look at him.
John looked up from across the lunch table and to what was known as ‘Sherlock’s tree’. He always sat there and people tended to stay as far away from the tree as much as possible… unless of course you were going to pick on him. John smiled as he watched Sherlock read ‘Treasure Island’, obviously he couldn’t make out the book from that far away, but Sherlock had spoken to him in detail about it the other night. John didn’t want to bring it up because he didn’t want to cross a line he didn’t know existed, but that book was so worn he imagined that Sherlock had read, and reread, it a lot. Though, he did want to ask Sherlock about it. Ask him if that book maybe brought him comfort when nothing else would, or could. Their relationship was just so new though that John was treading lightly, still learning what he could and couldn’t say. Sherlock, however, looked so beautiful sitting up against the tree trunk and the sun—
“Oh.. It matters! Because once we get there you are going to be so disappointed.” She snickered and leaned back as he flicked switches.
John blinked rapidly after Sherlock and then frowned. “Bloody bastard stole my book!”
Mycroft hummed and gently put a hand around John’s ankle, “Actually yes. I was going to rape you, but… that’s rather not me. I just wanted to feel close to Sherlock again and you’ve been with Sherlock so raping you seemed like the most logical option. However, once you came inside the house I realised I could never actually go through with it. You’re like my brother, that would be like me raping Sherlock and I couldn’t have that happen. Plus, if there
Claire cut him off with a sigh. She stood up, walked over to the blond, and hugged him tightly, “I know you didn’t mean it, you git.” She said quietly as she breathed him in. He was so much smaller than when she had first met him. What was firm and muscular before was now just skin and bones. It looked like the wind could break him, or blow him away.
Not in the cage,
“I’m going to stop you because you just did what you were told to do and I had given you permission… however, I really didn’t think you would actually go through with it.” He said sadly, mumbling the last part mostly to himself.
Question:
Eight months passed in a blur. It had been just a few weeks over two years. Ever since Sherlock came to visit John that night, he hadn’t been the same. Claire had caught him on the verge of attempts of killing himself more times than she could count. She could see how badly he wanted to go, and maybe if things were different, maybe if she knew that Sherlock was really dead... she would have let him. No one should have to live through that much misery and to watch John ache as much as he did everyday... it killed her. She had safety proofed the house because it had simply gotten too bad. She had to sit with him while he bathed, or took a shower, she had to sit with him while he ate. John couldn’t be alone because she knew he would try something.
Sherlock paced in his flat as he tugged at his hair. John wasn’t meant to see that – Ever! And he
Sherlock felt like someone had ripped his heart out and ate it and then threw it back up. He knew John would do anything to protect his reputation, but he was hoping… deep down he was hoping that John wouldn’t do it. He looked up at John after they had tumbled down the hill and he nodded as John said: “follow my lead.” John threw punches and he yelped and pretended to get hit. John never hit him… not again.. He was smart in that sense… but his stomach was killing him, he wanted to throw up, and he was 91.143% sure that his left ribs were bruised, perhaps even broken.
“Sherlock!” He gasped and ran over to the young boy on the couch.
John sighed, “We’re going to a safe house, Sherlock. And I’m not happy with you, but I’m coming with you. I’ve already packed.”
Sherlock took a breath and looked at him, “John… we both know this isn’t about the chair…” He said quietly. “I don’t understand why you can’t just trust me on the matter.”
John swallowed, hard. “No… I–“ okay, so very much still angry with him. John had hoped he had forgiven him quickly, but that was clearly not the case. “Look. I’m sorry I left you last night. I probably left you when you really needed me. And I realise that that was shit on my part.” He heard Sherlock hum a small hum, letting John know he hit the nail on the head with that one. “But I promise that it will be alright… Okay..?”
“John... I—“ he swallowed hard and tried to collect his thoughts, “I didn’t mean what I said... any of it and trust me when I say you have every right to hate me, but my father... he said if I didn’t do what I did he would kill you and mummy and Mycroft! And I couldn’t let that happen... please understand... I need you and I love you so much, John! To the moon and back!” he whispered, the words tumbling out of his mouth like he was speaking so fast they couldn’t keep up. He clicked his mouth shut again once he finished speaking and swallowed once more.
He almost told John to forget about it, but he didn’t because it was the least he could do for practically outing John. He also got himself into this mess and it would be a dick move to back out now… and… he trusted John. “When I was six I liked this girl named Vanessa… I would watch her a lot, sounds creepy now that I say it, but I was young and awkward.”
anyway... now that i have my computer back i should be updating more regularly!
An Im-pasta!
“John, ‘romanticness’ isn’t a word…” He rolled his eyes, but was smiling nonetheless.
(I-I, J-Jail, K-Cage, L-Hell.)
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock would yell at him a lot nowadays, whereas before the army he never raised his voice at John... unless he needed to, but that was very rare... and actually the only time he did yell was when he told John to leave because this relationship was an experiment. John didn’t want to ever think about that time again though. However, now he couldn’t even remember how many times he got yelled at in one day. He took to sleeping on the couch again because most days he just needed space after a full day of verbal abuse.
“How did you know..?” John asked softly after what felt like ages to Sherlock.
John's jaw clenched and unclenched a few times before he stood up and went to his room, slamming the door. The power of it seemed to vibrate the whole flat, but she didn’t mind. She’d probably have the same reaction too if this had happened to her.
Sherlock frowned more, but nodded.  “Alright.” He knew John was thinking about him when he said that, but he couldn’t help but feel like he was protecting himself more. His own status in the school, his own reputation. And dammit he didn’t want to keep John a secret, he would take any bullying if it meant telling the world that he had someone, and that someone was the most perfect person on the planet! He didn’t care if the bullying got worse, he would be able to handle it because at the end of the day he would have John by his side. He wanted people to know that John was his and that no one else could have him! But if John wanted to keep this a secret, then Sherlock would respect that. “Get some sleep, John,” Sherlock said softly as he kissed the top of his head. “Goodnight.”
“Sherlock, don’t make me say it, two weeks ago you wouldn’t tell me…” Mycroft paused and collected himself slightly before carrying on, “It was him, wasn’t it? He beat you up.” He said it like a question, but they both knew it was a statement. Mycroft wasn’t asking, he already knew.
now onto the story that I SLAVED OVER
John swallowed hard and looked down, he knew Sherlock was just trying to make a cheeky joke, but the guilt shot through him like a bullet. “Now, we both know that that isn’t true...” He whispered quietly as he avoided Sherlock's gaze.
John growled at her and wanted to punch her, but he could never hurt Claire, “She’s. Not. Going. To. Leave.” He grit out.
John nodded once, then closed his eyes; he counted to ten, and then looked at Mycroft, “Alright. I’m calm.” He wasn’t really, not even in the slightest, however, he was a lot calmer than he had been ten seconds before.
Sherlock looked to John as he replied, “I want to be a consulting detective.”
“Don’t talk like that.” He said firmly, as he pressed down harder onto Sherlock's chest. “You’re going to live. Please just—” He swallowed as tears finally managed to escape and dripped from his eyes.
needed
“John Watson is dead! He’s been dead for three years!” Mycroft was heaving. How dare someone call him and tell him lies, and not just any lies… lies about
Europe!
“Why you little—!” Ted lunged across the room for Sherlock, but John was faster. He tackled his father once again and started punching him this time. Before it wasn’t aggression he was just tackling his dad to try and get him to calm down, but rage filled his body as his father almost turned his aggression towards the cleverest boy John had had the good fortune of meeting.
John whimpered as he heard Sherlock repeat his Sigar’s words from the first night he met him. “SHUT UP!! YOU DONT MEAN THAT!!!” He croaked out, tears prickling his eyes, but he refused to let them fall, “I know you don’t! You got shot, Sherlock, for me! You- you told me you loved me...” His eyes widened and he felt like he had been stabbed in the heart with a dull knife. “WE HAD SEX! I gave myself to you! I- I GAVE YOU EVERYTHING! And that meant nothing to you? I don’t just give my body around – I… it has to mean something! – it
No, life wasn’t easy from that point on, but Mike was able to make it just a little bit better.
“John, no! You are being ridiculous! I’m sleeping on the floor no matter what! So you sleep on the floor with me or you get the bed!”
“I’ve missed you, John. I’m so glad you’re okay.” She breathed and kissed his cheek.
Claire swallowed. "John.... I'm just saying you might feel better." She had a feeling she shouldn’t have done this at work, but she thought maybe in a public setting John's reaction wouldn’t be as bad. Clearly she was wrong.
John slowly stood up and grabbed his bag; he slung it around his shoulder, nodded at Zack, and then left the house. He wasn’t going to go to school today... he figured one day of missing wouldn’t make him fail and none of his classes were doing anything anyway. John walked aimlessly around for hours because he didn’t know where he was going. School was out by now and John needed to find somewhere safe before it got dark. Somewhere he could sleep because he was exhausted from all the walking, and everything else. The part he wandered in could be considered a scary place at night and he felt like he was being followed. Well... He didn’t feel like it because he knew he was being followed, but truthfully he didn’t care. He wanted to die anyway, just refused to let Sherlock win. If he got murdered he figured it would be a win, win. He would die, and the murder would find sexual gratification in killing him – or whatever murders felt these days. Sherlock would know. Christ, Sherlock this, Sherlock that… Give it a rest already.
John kicked his feet up on the coffee table and flicked on the telly to see if anything good was on. Most of the time when he didn’t have a job to do he was so, so bored. Well, okay, he had a lot of jobs, but he didn’t want to take anyone of them because they were shit. Honestly the number of dumb arses that contacted him was really starting to be infuriating. He supposed it wouldn’t be so bad if he actually had something he wanted to do, but he was starting to get that familiar itch in the pit of his stomach and he didn’t have a good job to ease it! He smirked as he watched the news because they were currently discussing a murder victim that he had killed. Every single one of his victims went into a cold case file somewhere in New Scotland Yard and that was brilliant to him. They eventually just gave up trying to find the killer because the trail always went cold! Not even Sherlock Holmes could solve it and he actually thought that that was laughable.
ANYBODY HERE SHIP RUMBELLE BECAUSE DAMN I JUST CRY
“Then all of this was for nothing and I’ll die like I was supposed to.” He said quietly, “Anything for John.”
Mycroft’s eyes widened as he listened to the agonised sounds coming from upstairs. He got up abruptly and ran up the stairs. He thought his father was gone for good, but maybe he had snuck back in and had stumbled upon John. He pushed the door opened and blinked as he watched the screaming blond lay still on the bed with the taller boy hunched over him trying to calm him down. “Sherlock!! What’s wrong with him?”
Claire swallowed and sat back a bit, but was still on him, "John, I just want to help... And you going down this path… Well, it’s a dangerous one... Especially considering your family history."
They went back to the flat and Sherlock went to the kitchen to make tea, but John stopped him and made it for the both of them instead. “I could have done it,” Sherlock grumbled into his mug once John had handed it to him. He was honestly shocked that John seemed fine about everything, something seemed off about this.
He sighed after a moment, choosing to ignore Sherlock's threat, “If you could get hard that would be great...” He grumbled as he continued to rub Sherlock.
He sighed and started eating the grilled cheese she made for him, “I feel exhausted.” He mumbled.
anywayyy DROP THAT COMMENT BECAUSE COMMENTS ARE LIKE WARM FLUFFY HUGS BY THE SOFTEST PUPPY IN THE WORLD.
Mycroft was knew he was in trouble and he was starting to panic. He saw no way out of this and that terrified him.
“No!! Only Mycroft can know!! Mycroft has to ask me!! Because Mycroft is so wonderful and nice!! And you are an evil, evil man!” John said stubbornly and Sherlock got the strange impression that John would have crossed his arms if he could.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT OR SUBSCRIBE OR SHARE OR KUDO BECAUSE IT MAKES ME HAPPIER THAN BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH PHOTOBOMBING ELLEN DEGENERES AND U2... well I don't know if he was happy doing that, but damn did he look happy.
She didn’t even have to ask what he meant. She knew... and she also knew that one day he would come back for it, “In my office.” She said softly.
Knock knock
like that man is a writing genius and yes i typed that all.
can't they see that? Sometimes he wonders if he’s actually fine or if he’s just telling himself a lie to get through it all. He doesn’t eat... he rarely sleeps... and he doesn’t talk much... but then again he was like this before Sherlock came back.
John looked at Mycroft and swallowed hard, he honestly didn’t want to go to jail, but the man deserved to die after everything he had put them through. He slowly took the two items and nodded, wishing more than anything it was his own gun, but that was at the flat – he couldn’t trust it being left behind in the motel – and he wasn’t about to go back to Baker Street! “Thank you...” He whispered quietly.
Sherlock's heart broke. John thought that he was mad at him because he almost died… that was so, so very wrong. “John, I’m not...” he trailed off and swallowed. He waited until John had his pants on. “Come here…” He whispered. When John didn’t move he racked his brain for things that could help. He was never good at emotional problems and now that he actually had to talk about them… it troubled him. “Please.”
John smirked at Sherlock and bit his lip. He was thinking about this question very carefully, “Yyyeeeeesss.” Technically, he was poor. Well, okay, he wasn’t actually poor… his dad had a lot of money, he just didn’t like to spend it on John.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile., John was so beautiful and even though Sherlock had been a dick lately... John was still with him. He hummed and took John's hand as he walked with him to the pub.
Sherlock because the drugs he was using took over his body and changed the way he acted – all drugs did to everyone. Just the fact that Sherlock even got addicted in the first place pained him, how could he not have seen this sooner? John knew how drugs affected people, he saw it growing up, he saw it in the military, and now he was experiencing it now! And he didn’t like it one bit. It made him sick to even think about the fact that Sherlock was doing them, and not only that, but he was doing them and
good.”
John watched in horror as Brian kicked the shit out of Sherlock. He could tell Sherlock was trying to be strong and not make any noise, but he was failing miserably. Suddenly, he realised that he didn’t care anymore… He couldn’t just stand back and watch Sherlock get kicked in. He screamed and then ran to Brian and shoved him to the ground. “STOP IT!!!” He yelled as he straddled Brian and started punching his face.
It had been five days since John was released from prison, six days since Sherlock came back. Sherlock had been working on cases since his return because it was what he loved to do, but he also wasn’t taking any cases where he had to leave the flat. He left the flat while John was sleeping a day after John had been released from prison and when he came back he had found John in a full blown panic attack. It made sense, he should have told him he was going somewhere and he was a fucking idiot for not doing so, but he wasn’t thinking about it. It took a few hours to finally get John to calm down and once he did John didn’t talk to him for a full twenty hours.
“Sherlock... Sherlock no, don't say that...” He swallowed a bit and kissed his forehead, “I probably wouldn’t have believed myself either...” He sighed and held his lover, is that even what Sherlock was to him anymore? He sighed at the thought and shook his head because now was not the time to overthink things. Sherlock needed him and he would be there for the boy no matter what, he always would.
because comments are my life.
hey hey hey. It's been years. but now that five years has passed i am making this story later and finishing it. because i made a promise to myself and everyone reading this story that it would not be left unfinished and dammit i am going to keep that promise!!!!
how do you put hyperlinks (or links) in your notes?! *me from the future. i dont think anyone answered that question and thats so sad to me. hahahahha *It's 2019 and this question is still relevant to me.
“John! How dare you even say that! I have been clean for years now!” He grumbled a bit, but then smiled again. “But you really must tell me how cars work! They obviously just don’t go!”
on with the story! This chapter is a doozy.
John looked over and saw Lily swallow. Clearly she was not comfortable with the idea and before John even knew what was happening he stood up abruptly, knocking his chair back. “Excuse you!!! I am not going to let you sit here and degrade my boyfriend and then have you go up and rape your wife!! Frankly, I think you’re a disgusting man who feels the need to belittle others just so that you can get off on it!!! The meal that Lily made for us was fucking fantastic and the fact that you said it’s not is just another way for you to insert your dominance! You sicken me and I have no idea why your family puts up with it? Is it because you’re a powerful man? Probably, but guess what fucking hot shot I have absolutely nothing to lose! You’re a rude, arrogant, fucker and I think you should apologise and then leave and never fucking come back!!!!” He was screaming by the end of it and realised that he may have not been accurate about few things, but he didn’t care. He wasn’t Sherlock and it seemed to be the most obvious reasons for what he was doing. What he did care about was this family and he wasn’t about to let some arse hat of a man come in and torment them, even if he was Sherlock and Mycroft’s father.
“Sherlock! Stop it!! You’re going to be just fine. And we are going to go home and it will be so lovely and nice. And then we are going to grow old together!! I’ve always wanted that Sherlock, I’ve always wanted to grow old with you and we could live in a cottage and you could raise bees and we would have thirty-seven cats!! And they would all have a different name and our children would come to visit us and they would play with our thirty-seven cats…” John swallowed as the tears streamed down his face and then looked at Mycroft. “Hurry!!!”
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
“For God’s sake! What is it?” He groaned slightly because this was getting rather tiresome.
Sherlock got in evil little glint in his eye and John wondered if this man had a small dark side, “Oh no, John... I ensured it.” He hummed.
Sherlock’s heart broke at the sound of that. His John was hurting so much and he knew that if he were to talk to him any longer he wouldn’t jump, but he couldn’t risk that. John would die because he would have been too much of a coward. He had no other choice... so he closed his eyes slowly and took a shaky breath as he whispered the next words, “Goodbye, John...” He said as firmly as he could and then threw his phone behind him.
ok bbbbyyyyyyyeee!
okayyyyyy sooooo byyeeeeee
John swallows down the lump in his throat and nods once, “Yes... I don't want anyone else to–“
That one was actually so great but still not as great as my pencil knock knock joke. Which makes a feature in one of the future chapters i believe. In fact im pretty sure it's what started this all. I decided to do it one chapter and then when i went back and edited the story i added jokes to all the others. hahah
Lestrade had eventually just stopped showing up with cases because he knew Sherlock wouldn’t come. Normally, Sherlock would regret that, but this was something so unexplainable he couldn’t just give up on it. He would search his whole life just to get answers! Every day he would sit and stare at his wall while he waited… Waited for a sound… A sound that would bring hope.
He sighed, “what he did to you and my brother was not okay... and normally, in any other circumstances, I would not condone this behaviour from you. However, these aren’t normal circumstances… go get him.” He whispered and threw a pair of keys at John, he pointedly didn’t tell him that Sigar was also the reason Sherlock had the funds to buy more drugs. He wasn’t even sure if John knew about the drugs… if he was a betting man he would say John was clueless. Because with everything John was dealing with from Sherlock right now, he knew John would just up and leave if he found out. But… perhaps he was wrong.
John stomped over to the side of the bed where Sherlock had fallen and thrusted the baggy in front of his face, “What the fuck is this!” He spat.
Sherlock didn’t even acknowledge the fact that Mycroft left. He just stared at John and rubbed John's hand as his mind started to drift again.
Do we who?
John smirked cheekily, “Morning!!!” He sung, while giggling a little.
The gaze of John’s eyes was intense and he wanted to immediately look away, but he held his ground, “Yes.” He said quietly. He hadn’t admitted it out loud yet, though it wasn’t as hard as he imagined it would be.
Lily nodded slowly. “There’s some video footage of him from CCTV... just ask him about it... because I don't think that you two will get through this either, unless he talks.” She slowly took his hand, “I know it may seem like he doesn’t care, but he’s just scared... He doesn’t handle pain well, John, and he’s so terrified of losing you again.”
John smiled brightly and gave her a flirtatious grin, “Hi, Claire.” However, it didn’t last long before he sighed and looked back down again.
John scrolled up and read all of the messages that had been sent to him. Sherlock hadn’t deleted any of them and by the end of reading them all John had to run to the bathroom and throw up. Why did Sherlock think keeping this from him was a good idea, why couldn’t the insufferable git talk to him for once? He whimpered and flushed the toilet, leaning against the wall for a second before standing up and leaving the bathroom. Once he walked back out to the bedroom he took a breath and looked at Sherlock's sleeping form, he thought about waking him but shook his head and then went to the kitchen. He called Garrett and Mycroft, explaining to them what was happening, and then walked back into the bedroom and started to pack.
John's eyes flew open. He didn’t understand… He looked back and forth from Sherlock to his father, and then he looked at the door where he saw Mycroft breathing heavily and holding the gun out in front of him. John swallowed hard as he looked back at his father, who was currently laying completely still on the floor. “Is he…?” He couldn’t finish that sentence, but thankfully Mycroft understood it nonetheless.
Sherlock kissed John's head softly as he reached between their bodies and grabbed both of their hardening pricks in his hand. He wanted to say something as he stroked the both of them, but he didn’t know what to say without breaking down. John seemed content on staying quiet though, the only noises that escaped him were soft and beautiful.
Brian bit his lip and sighed, looking up at Sherlock with such hope, “But you can't just sit there and tell me you didn’t feel anything for me... right?”
Sherlock and John came home with bags and bags full of clothes. John really didn’t see a need to get all these clothes. I mean, let’s be honest, John would have been happy with a couple of jumpers and a few pants and trousers, Sherlock on the other hand… well let’s just say he liked to shop… a lot… Sherlock kept blabbering on and on about how amazing John was going to look in all the clothes they bought him, but really John was just happy because Sherlock had let him go to Primark after all and he got to pick out some jumpers and fifteen boost bars, because let’s face it… John was obsessed with boosts. They brought the bags up to their bedroom and began to put them away. Sherlock had his own room, but it was messy with experiments so they both decided to live together in the guest bedroom, which had quickly become John's room. The bed was bigger anyway so John didn’t mind, plus Sherlock could now turn his room into a bigger lab! It was the most perfect plan John had ever had.
“What..?!” He managed as he held back tears. Crying would make this real, no he wouldn’t cry.
Sherlock woke up an hour later and kissed John's bare chest softly. “Morning, my love.” He whispered softly. He had completely forgotten what day it was, but one look at John's face told him everything his brain had failed to supply. His heart sank and he felt like he was going to vomit so he closed his eyes and looked away to keep the tears from coming.
whatttttt!! Let me just say I love Mycroft so much. He is my favorite. and john's dramatic HE'S DEAD line gets me every time even though it's not supposed to be funny ahahah
“John, you had no other choice. I am not mad and I understand why you did it... There is no doubt in my mind that if there was another way you wouldn’t have punched me.” He smiled softly and reached for his hand again.
Sherlock nodded and then stood up to walk to the couch so he could see the television. He sat down and they watched Doctor Who, he was honestly thankful that Brian sat on the other end of the couch. Unfortunately, after a couple of minutes his brain started to feel foggy and his muscles started to feel heavy, he tried to raise an arm, but he honestly just… couldn’t. He blinked sluggishly and slowly turned to look at Brain, “What’d you do to me?” He slurred a bit and leaned against him... if he had chosen to lean the other way he would have fallen off the couch and not leaning on something wasn’t an option at the moment.
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
“Sherlock! Sherlock! It’s okay... They’re just taking John away so that he can get real help, but you did so good, Sherlock. You saved him.”
John swallowed hard because he felt ashamed and angry and so many emotions were coursing through his body and he hated it! He felt ashamed because he was being pitiful and crying, especially when he had cried way too many tears for the stupid bloke currently outside of the stall door. He felt angry because of how Sherlock had been treating him. He glared at the back of the door and was going to tell Sherlock to ‘fuck off’, but before he even registered what was happening he had stood up, walked to the door, and unlocked it for Sherlock. He was a bit peeved by his actions, but apparently didn’t have any control over the situation – wretched brain.
John moved slowly into his body as Sherlock kept making noises. It was a bit sloppy, but it felt so good and it looked like Sherlock seemed to think so as well so he kept at it. He reached between them and grabbed Sherlock's prick to stroke him, keeping one hand still placed in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock wasn’t going to do it because he obviously wouldn’t let go of John’s dog tags, though why he needed both hands for that task was beyond him. That being said, John didn’t mind, he was more than happy to get his lover off and bring him pleasure. John giggled a bit and shook his head as he picked up his pace.
John was left in the back seat covered in blood and crying hysterically. Mycroft swallowed hard and got out of the driver’s seat. He went to the back and pulled John out. He slowly lowered them both to the pavement and held him in his arms as he smoothed John's hair. “Shh… Everything will be alright, John. Everything is going to be just fine.”
." He growled, spitting the word out like it was poison on his tongue. He took a breath and paused for a moment because he didn't know what else to say, he wanted to say so much, but he also didn’t want to say anything. He just clenched his fingers around the necklace in his hands and took another breath, this time it was shaky and he hated himself for that. He didn't want to talk highly of Sherlock because he was angry with him, so incredibly angry that he couldn't see straight. He just wanted the stupid man to come back alive so he could punch his face in and kill him all over again! But that wouldn't happen and John knew that. He sighed and shook his head for a moment, "Just... Wherever he is... I hope he's happy... I hope he found the happiness that he deserved. The happiness that I couldn't give him – or the drugs... Or anything he had done in the hopes to finally feel happy. So... I just hope he's happy." He swallowed hard and then walked back to his seat.
Sherlock ran up to Zack's door and pounded on it with his fist. He probably gave them a heart attack, but he was panicking and nothing was going to ease his panic until he saw that John was safe! He
“Uhh… I’d rather not… I do not wish to offend you in any way,” he said hesitantly.
John tried to knock his father over, but his dad was obviously stronger and this time he expected John’s attacks. He picked John up and then slammed him to the floor and pinned him down
“That will never happen, you prat.” He giggled and smiled fondly at the curly headed boy.
“John! Slow down! I don’t even know where we are going!! And you have rugby today,” He flailed and to be truthfully honest he was still angry with John, he rather wanted John to go to rugby so that he could have some time alone.
Brian smirked, “Watch this, mate.” He finished folding a paper aeroplane that he had been working on for half of the class period and threw it. It flew through the air until it hit the brainiac of the class – Sherlock Holmes - right in the head. “Bingo!” Brian snickered and gave Zack a high five.
John walked inside and looked up at Mycroft, waiting for him to do something. He said the kettle just boiled, but he was just standing there… John didn’t feel like tea anyway though so he didn’t care, he just felt nervous about everything and he didn’t know why. Perhaps, it was because this was going to change everything – or that’s what he really fucking hoped. If this didn’t change anything, that was it. They would both have to part ways because this was their last chance.
I CANT XD XD
“Sherlock! I don’t want your money for one and for two it isn’t yours it’s your parent’s money! I want to earn this on my own and I don’t want the easy way out! If I join the army they pay for my school, but I’m also doing my country a favour! I’m helping them and all of the soldiers who get wounded! Plus, I think it would be my best option to be an army doctor because I would get to help people survive and I would be fighting for my country at the same time and I know that I would get to help people in a normal hospital, but just something about the war is appealing to me... I need to do this for me and nothing you say to me is going to change my mind. We aren’t one person, we’re two different people with wants and needs. You broke my heart, Sherlock, and I was nothing. I won’t do that to myself again.” He took a breath and closed his eyes, “I do love you, yes, but I have my own future ahead of me. One that I’m in charge of. I need to do this for me. I
John smiled sadly and hugged him back, “You don’t need to thank me, my love. Now, let’s go.”
Twenty-four hours later and John was finally able to see Sherlock. Mycroft probably held John in his arms for ten hours, but he wouldn’t tell Sherlock that. He needed comfort and so did Mycroft, they found it in each other and for that John was grateful. John walked into Sherlock’s room and smiled brightly when he saw that he was awake. “Hi…” He said quietly. “How are you feeling?”
Joke 2:
School. School. School. School.
Mycroft blinked, “I… thought that would be obvious. You spilled tea all over yourself, so I’m washing them of course.” He said slowly like that was the most obvious thing in the world, he supposed it would be to the Holmes boys.
“Will you promise me something...?” He tried to keep his voice as steady as he could, he thought he succeeded.
Sherlock blinked slightly and shook his head, “No, why would I..?”
DEUCES BITCHES :*
John knew what the knife for, of course he
Sherlock had ignored this for the first little while thinking that John would eventually stop, but he didn’t. “What’s stupid?” he finally asked, he knew John wasn’t repeating the word to get Sherlock to ask that question, but perhaps if he asked the question he would stop the repeating.
John opened his mouth to say something, but then snapped it shut and shook his head. He turned around and walked to his room without a word.
“No you aren’t. How’s your shoulder? Let me take a look at it.” Sherlock reached forward to place a hand on the man’s shoulder, but he recoiled and Sherlock quickly brought his hand away. “Sorry…” He looked around awkwardly.
“How can you murder me if I’m already dead?” Sherlock replied smoothly.
Sherlock blinked. “What’s that..?”
Sherlock nodded and got up from the floor and sat on the bed. “Need any help?”
Well, he was in for it now, “I mean that I live two hours away on foot! Neither my mother nor my father will drive me and I’m too far away from school for any busses… by the time we get to my house, it will be late. Then, once you dropped me off, you would be left to walk all by yourself for another two hours – in the dark, mind you – to once again reach your home!” John groaned.
enjoy the chapter bitches!
“Mm, one can only hope.” He stepped forward and wrapped his arms around John tightly. “Please be safe... please...” He pleaded.
“No, you’re not.” A soft voice said from behind the two boys. “You’re here because your boyfriend told me a few things and then I invited you.”
He opened the door and walked inside. He hated this – he hated that he didn’t know what this man was capable of doing to him, he hated to admit that before the disappearance he scared Sherlock to death... Sherlock walked right up to John and kissed his head softly, “I’m sorry...” He said quietly.
Sherlock froze and looked at him for a long second, the actions of what he was going to do were written on his face as clear as day. It made Sherlock feel physically ill, and just made his anger more present. He pulled his fist back and punched Mycroft as hard as he could. The yelp Mycroft made as he fell backwards was very much satisfying.
"Do you want to talk about it..."
Sherlock grinned. “Brilliant!” He felt strangely excited about the whole thing, but maybe it was because if John was living with him he would never have to say goodbye to John and John made him happy, so therefore, he would always be happy.
Sherlock was sitting on the floor in the kitchen surrounded by the letters. He was a sobbing mess and swallowed hard when he heard John, but he didn’t say anything. He couldn’t because his voice would have cracked, not to mention he was trying to control some of the emotions he was feeling. John soon rounded the corner and gasped softly, running over to him, “Sherlock!! What are you doing on the floor?” He knelt down and ran his hands through Sherlock's hair.
It had been quiet the last few weeks, but no one thought anything of it because sometimes you had your quiet spells and they were so nice, lovely even, it was a good break from the constant worry and fighting that they were used to. John didn’t go out in the fields much anymore though because he was an actual doctor now. He was still learning a few things, but he knew most of it. He spent pretty much all of his time studying and doing his work while helping alongside of the actual doctors and before he knew it he had bypassed everyone his age and got his actual degree well before they did. He was proud of himself for that and he wished he could tell Sherlock of his accomplishment, but... well, Sherlock wouldn’t talk to him and John just got depressed when he would write to Sherlock because he would never get a reply so he quit. Besides, it had gotten to a point where he didn’t want to tell Sherlock anything, Sherlock would just come to his mind because really it was the only one he had on the outside. Once he was back to civilization though that would change, he would make new friends, new experiences, and Sherlock would just become a distant memory.
“It is a little bit.” John laughed softly, trying to rein in his giggles.
for solving the case.” He smirked and then shook Sherlock’s hand again. “Tell you what… if we are ever stumped we’ll give you a call. I can’t promise I can call you a lot considering you are still a minor, but once you become of age you but your arse that I’ll be seeing a lot of you. Only if you promise to go to school as well,” He smiled then stood up and patted Sherlock's back. “Now run along home, your parents are probably worried.”
What do you call a factory that sells good product?
John woke up the next morning and grinned with his eyes still shut. Sherlock was back and he honestly couldn’t be happier. He rolled over and hummed, “I missed you so much.” He said softly and reached out in front of him, when his hand hit the empty side of the bed he frowned and snapped his eyes open. His heart sank and he felt a crushing weight slam down on him, “No... no no no no no no no!” He cried out and then ran out of his bedroom. He looked in the kitchen, and then the living room, he ran up the stairs to the guest bedroom, only to run back down and check the living room again. When there was no sign of Sherlock he collapsed to the floor and broke down. “NO!!!” He screamed and yanked on his hair as hard as he could, he ended up pulling out quite a bit of hairs, but he couldn’t care less.
John's heart throbbed in his chest and he slowly stood up, “Okay... okay, yeah. We can go do whatever you want.” Hair around his neck wasn’t that bad, and if it helped Sherlock feel better he was going to do it in a heartbeat.
im 20. and american. could you tell? *FUTURE ME. bitch i was 19 quit your lying to people. Jesususuusus*
John swallowed because he really hated it when Sherlock used that tone with him. Well, he supposed Sherlock had never used that tone with him, but he used it with other people and he hated that it was being directed towards him. “Sherlock… I’m sorry, but I’m not ready to come out… I never wanted to hurt you, but—“
John stood up and straightened his back, "Then do it!" He spat.
AND I AM JOHN AND LOVE PRIMARK AND BOOSTS MORE THAN LIFE! BUT IT USED TO BE CRUNCHIES AND I ACTUALLY HAVE ONLY EVER BEEN TO PRIMARK ONCE, BUT LETS JUST SAY I TOOK HOME FIFTY CRUNCHIES.... why am I still screaming...
Sherlock sighed and shook his head as he cleared his mind of those thoughts. He would find himself thinking about John a lot and he hated it, even though he didn’t always have control, it distracted him from the work! He hated John, he hated Brian, he hated Mycroft, he hated everything in all honesty… He would have just deleted John and everything else long ago, but every time he got close to doing that he stopped himself. He supposed he couldn’t let go of those memories... the memories of the only time he was actually happy, the only time he actually ever had a reason to continue living.
do this to me!” His voice getting louder as the sentence drew to a close.
Sherlock shoved him away, his head flooded with thoughts and he felt like he was being put into overdrive... this was wrong, so, so wrong, but then again what was right now? He felt guilt crush down on him at the fact that he just betrayed John – his John.
He gave her one last glance goodbye before he left the house. He went there to feel better, but honestly going there had made him even more depressed. Perhaps, he knew that subconsciously and was trying to punish himself.
Sherlock chewed on his lip a bit, “okay.” He replied. Where the hell did he go with this now, well… he knew where, but perhaps there was still a way to get him to come back without having to do John’s condition. “Please come home.”
“You know a simple ‘Hey John, Sherlock hates you for some silly reason so you might as well just stop writing letters because I’m sick of receiving one every
“He’s different!! And is that really so bad? If you think about it we are all different! It isn’t a bad thing, Brian! It makes us unique! And as it happens, I think a world where everyone is normal would be quite boring.” He sighed and took a bite of his salad, grimacing a bit at the bland flavour.
She bit her lip slightly and nodded, “I think I would like that very much.” She sighed happily, the ‘took you long enough’ unspoken, but written all over her face.
John huffed and rolled his eyes, “I noticed.” He said with a slight grin.
Sherlock smiled brightly and ran to the door. He opened it and then slammed it shut and screamed loudly.
Donna was silent for a long moment before she just burst out laughing. “Sometimes I question your sanity..” She snickered a bit and smiled at him.
Regan flailed and fell off the bed, “What the fuck... you okay?” She frowned, with slight irritation. That just made John angrier. She didn’t care about him... Claire was right; she only cared about getting off.
John blinked trying to wrap his brain around it then it suddenly came to a halt and his eyes widened. “Wait… You almost got raped?” He whimpered quietly. God, this was all his fault. He was the one who found Lestrade and came back, Sherlock had no business being anywhere near the man.
He nodded slowly and swallowed, “It was father... he told me John died and then he stole all the letters before I got them. And then John got shot and showed up at my flat... I stopped doing drugs though...” He smiled softly, “John doesn’t know that I did them in the first place... I can't tell him because I haven’t stopped completely, and I guess to a normal person I still do a lot, but nothing near as close to what I did before.”
DEUCES BITCHES
Brian continued to strip Sherlock and finally Sherlock found enough strength to shove him off of the couch. He was shaking as so many memories came flooding back into his brain, not shaking out of fear, but anger at the fact that this would happen again, with someone he actually trusted no less. “GET. OUT. OF. MY. HOUSE.” He screamed and grabbed the fire iron that was next to the fire place. “I will fucking kill you,” He said in a low and dangerous voice. He was sweating and shaking and everything was fuzzy, but no one would ever come close to touching his body again unless he gave them permission.
John swallowed and nodded slowly, this was their last time for years and he wasn’t going to pass it up. He helped Sherlock pull off his pants once his were off, they both laid there naked for a moment, just relishing and memorising each other. Sherlock and John didn’t sleep in anything but their pants so there weren’t any shirts or trousers to take off and that was always nice. After a moment he slowly moved forward so their bodies were pressing together, he loved being this close to Sherlock because he felt wanted... of course, he knew Sherlock wanted him, but it just felt different. John pressed his face into Sherlock's neck and whimpered a bit. They weren’t doing anything special, they weren’t even moving at the moment, but it was their last time for eight years and possibly ever.
“I don’t want to go through with this anymore. Please get out of my house.” He whispered and brought his knees into his chest.
SEE YOU AT THE BOTTOM BITCHES!!! i love you all so much ;-;
Sigar scoffed. “I’m your father you can’t hate me!”
(See the end of the chapter for
John awoke to the sounds of footsteps walking into the office. He must have overslept and he had no idea how the hell he was going to climb out from under the desk without being seen. Especially when the man that was walking into the office just sat down in the chair and started typing away on his computer. Who the fuck came to school on a Sunday? The desk was fairly big so John could hide under there easily without being kicked or seen. He was still in his suit and it hadn’t dried from the rain so he was shaking like a leaf. He leaned against one of the walls under the desk and just closed his eyes, looking up to stare at the bottom of the desk. The desk was built so that from the outside it went all the way down to the floor so no one could see under it unless they were on the other side of it. And even then they had to bend down to look under.
“Mm, why do you think?” Mycroft hummed and didn’t look up, he couldn’t look at his brother, not while he was like this.
(I) have suffered
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS IM GOING TO THROW MY FUCKING COMPUTER OUT OF THE WINDOW!!! I HAVE TWO LAPTOPS AND THEY ARE BOTH BROKEN AND IT HAS LITERALLY TAKEN ME THREE HOURS TO TRY AND POST THIS BECAUSE THERE ARE SO MANY POP UPS AND ITS REDIRECTING ME PLACES AND IM GOING TO FUCKING SCREAM!!!
His eyes widened even more, “How did you–“
Claire paused for a long time and nodded some. "I'm not sure he'll take you back, Sherlock." She said honestly. Yes, John loved that man more than anything, but to watch him die in front of your eyes and then pop up a year and a half later... Well, that could mentally destroy someone. She sure as hell wouldn’t take someone back after that…
Joke:
“Umm... alright... I’ll be waiting...” He blinked and hung up the phone, going back to John and helping out as best as he could.
Sherlock was left standing there in complete shock. What the fuck had he just done?
Sherlock answered the door, but his face hardened upon seeing the person. He shook his head once and then tried to shut the door in their face.
!" He choked.
“Everything okay?” He asked as he raised an eyebrow.
His train of thought didn’t last long though, because his heart plummeted and his mind went numb as the realisation set in. He looked at the sleeping Sherlock and honestly didn’t know what to do at all... however, this all made sense as to why Sherlock was acting so different, as to why John felt like he didn’t know him anymore. It was because he
“John Watson. This is Sebastian Moran.” The voice growled. “I have a job for you and you will accept it, do you understand?” He snapped.
John knew Sherlock was having troubles accepting this, but he was also happy that Sherlock wasn’t pushing him to do something he didn’t want to. He closed his eyes and continued to draw circles on Sherlock's stomach, “Night, Sherlock.”
John started hyperventilating at that point. He squeezed his eyes closed and shook his head, trying to make the words from this Sherlock imposter stop. This wasn’t Sherlock, there was no way this could be Sherlock – and if it was he was just saying these things to try and protect him like all those years ago. “N-no!! You don’t mean that!!” He cried.
John moved with him and held him incredibly close as they kissed. It felt amazing and John wouldn’t change one thing about it.
Sherlock grabbed the locket from him and then walked behind John. He put the locket around John’s neck and clasped the back together, unlike the dog tags it wasn’t long enough to just slip over John's head, “There.” He hummed.
So you think you're (A)ble
John made aeroplane noises and snickered when Sherlock finally rolled his eyes and opened his mouth. He put the Jelly inside of Sherlock's mouth and hummed, “see? That wasn’t so bad!”
Ted chuckled lowly and shook his head. “I don’t really care because it will all be over soon... For the both of us.” He licked his lips and drove faster.
John shook his head and then kissed her on the cheek. “Not today, Mum. I’m late for school and Mr. Picklewickle hates it when we are late,” he snickered to himself.
John growled, “BUT I WASN’T!” He screamed back. “Why can’t you just let it go, Sherlock!!? What’s done is done and I can’t change the past! REMEMBER THAT! That’s what
“Please... would you do this for me...?” Sherlock whispered once he realised that John wasn’t going to say anything back.
Q: Why does a pig put on his cut? (This question doesn't even make sense to me so whatevs)
John thought as all the air was slammed out of him.
Claire reached into the bag and handed him a box of sweet and sour chicken, and a box of ham fried rice, “Just eat what you can.” She said softly and handed him a plastic fork.
The man underneath him yelped and he quickly got off him. “I am so sorry!! I wasn’t paying any attention! Are you ok?” Sherlock looked the man up and down. He was holding a cane and he had sandy blond hair. He was wearing a peculiar outfit, but then again so was everyone in this time period.
OH MY GOSHHHHHHH JOHN NOOOOOOOO!!!!! John is in so much pain... it hurts me ughhhhh i guess we will have to see what happens next.... hahhah i know (; losers. also i am so sick of capitalising my words in the notes so ha ha ha fuccccccckkkkkk it
DEUCES BITCHES!
Sherlock closed his eyes, but let John go. He knew John needed air and time to get through this and the fact that John was wearing the locket Sherlock gave back to him was a sign of hope, and Sherlock wasn’t about to let that go.
Sherlock didn’t look up when he answered John, “I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days...” He paused and hesitated a bit as he looked at John finally, “Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
John could hear the man take a breath and hold up his hands, “Don’t.... shoot....” He said very quietly and John froze. That voice... that voice was a voice he hadn’t heard in so very long.
“You’re all idiots!! I figured it out while you were drinking
“Besides… If you don’t hit him, then we all know that you’re dating him.” Brian hummed happily, thinking that just because someone doesn’t engage in physical violence they must be shagging.
Sherlock smirked and then leaned in to kiss John again, this time the kiss was heated and hands were everywhere. John groaned slightly and Sherlock frowned a bit because it sounded like he was in pain, but there was also pleasure entwined with it. He looked him over really quick and then swallowed when he realised John had been shot, Sherlock slowed down his movements just a tad and then went down his body. He didn’t care if John had just walked into his flat because he wanted him, he wanted him more than he had ever wanted anything in his life. He quickly undid John’s button and fly to his trousers, reaching in and pulling him out as he moved the fabric down to his thighs, “I’ve missed you so much.” He breathed slightly as he gave him a few tugs and then his mouth was surrounding John. He realised he didn’t exactly ask permission, something they had always done, but Sherlock viewed sex as just another activity now and this was John. Of course he wanted him.
Sherlock looked away and clenched his jaw, “I don’t want to see you. Ever again. And I thought that I made that very clear.” He snapped.
Two weeks had passed and John still hadn’t told Sherlock about his mother. He knew that wasn’t a good thing because he didn’t know how much time Lily had in the first place and by keeping this from Sherlock he felt like he was lying. She was always there for Sherlock and John saw her as the only person Sherlock could trust and look up to fully. He didn’t even think he fit into that category anymore because things still weren’t the same between them. John had accepted the fact that they would never be the same again, but at the same time it still hurt.
“WHY! What did he do that was so bad that you hate him?” He screamed. He was shaking and he just didn’t understand anything – he actually didn’t understand a lot of things lately and it made him rather angry. It made him feel stupid when he knew he was very far from stupid.
She was still blushing from the kiss, “Stop it! Or I’m going to fall in love with you and then all hope would be lost for all the remaining John's out in the world. You give regular men a bad name.”
However, once he heard the soft click of a gun he knew that wasn't the case. John sniffled and slowly turned around to face his attacker. He didn't care that this man would probably kill him... He just wanted to take everything back that he did, but he knew he couldn't.
John looked up at him and nodded, “Good because I’m so incredibly angry with you.” He stepped forward and gently shoved Sherlock. Sherlock... His Sherlock... He was touching him and he was real, here, in front of him. “Did you ever... well you know... find a boy–“
John stood next to Sherlock with his hands clasped behind his back. It was so formal. Mycroft, Lily Holmes, John, and Sherlock were all standing in a line waiting to greet Sherlock's dad… Lily must have arrived earlier that morning, or last night. He supposed they were a little preoccupied, he tried to swallow his snicker at the thought of it. Sherlock cast him a glare, telling him to stand there and behave with a neutral face, so John did his best to keep his mind blank. They stood there for about five minutes before the front door swung opened and a tall muscular man with slicked back hair and a three-piece suit entered the room. He looked at the line of people waiting by the door and gave a slight nod. “Family.” He hummed, but just the way he said it made John cringe on the inside… there was just something about him that made him feel ill and John couldn’t put his finger on it. Suddenly his piercing eyes were on John and he frowned. “And who’s this?”
Sherlock took a shaky breath and waited a few minutes before leaving too, but to the roof top of St. Barts.
And I apparently suck at writing things because of the GIANT GAP THAT GOES BETWEEN EACH CHAPTER
What did the Penny say to the other Penny? ((Again I havent looked at the answer, but i'm going to say See you on the flip side?))
Sherlock was at a loss of words. He didn’t know what to say other than the fact that John was probably the best boyfriend in the world and no one would convince him otherwise. He swallowed again because his emotions were trying to crawl up his throat and spill over. There were so many of them… He felt guilty for doubting John, He felt overwhelmed that he had solved a case – his first case! And they believed him! They were taking him seriously and he even got paid. He was just feeling so much that it was almost too much, but he would be professional in from of the DI. Sherlock cleared his throat a bit and smiled. “Thank you… for listening to John.”
Sherlock nodded slowly and squeezed his eyes shut, waiting for the worst to happen.
They arrived at the train station and John and Sherlock got out of the car while Mycroft stayed inside, this was there moment and he wasn’t going to intrude. John grabbed his bags out of the boot and looked at Sherlock, “well... don’t be a stranger.” He tried for a chuckle and somewhat succeeded.
(See the end of the chapter for
John sat in his lap and kissed all over his face, trying to show Sherlock how much love he felt for him. That no, they might not be the same people they were five years ago, but his feelings were the same – if anything they were stronger, “Don’t... please don’t... Not ever. Even if I’m not here anymore – and I promise that I won’t try either even if you’re not here... okay?” He breathed.
John shook his head and sat back up, “Nope... I’m trying to stop drinking – or at least pull back. I’m only drinking every other night and tonight happens to be my sober night.” He gave her a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes and played with his hands under the table.
He turned on the faucet and started to scrub his face with cold water. Brian’s spit was dying on his face and it was disgusting, though honestly he felt disgusting and just wanted to wash his whole body. He looked in the mirror and saw that his hair was wild and his suit was a bit ripped. Mycroft would be asking questions and he wasn’t about to tell him that it was John. If he did he feared John wouldn’t be allowed in the house and then he really would be homeless. He didn’t want to go to school anymore for today… he didn’t want to go to school before, but at least it was bearable. If he stayed here any longer he was going to suffocate – even though he only had three more classes to go to, the last of which being one with John… and Brian. No. He knew not going to class would let them win. Something he told John he refused to do, but at the same time he couldn’t go and face John… not after that… he needed time.
Mycroft swallowed and nodded, “yeah, alright... but just wait a little bit, alright? Wait until you’re better.” He said quietly as he started writing Sherlock's number down on a sticky note that he had found in the room.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and growled, “Oh great! You’re leaving me for a woman and you want me to meet her!”
The thought of hedgehogs not being fluffy made Sherlock frown, “Hedgehogs aren’t fluffy….?” His whole entire life was clearly a lie.
Out of trouble and remember to be (X)tremely careful.
Mycroft blinked and Sherlock groaned from the door. “A bunny? Cakeman! He has no idea what he’s talking about! This is useless!” he huffed as he held the drug kit in his hands.
!” Brian laughed.
Sherlock blinked and frowned. “John… What did you take….”
“Sherlock, I am not wearing your hair around my neck...” He sighed again, eyeing him suspiciously.
His mother nodded and stepped aside to let him into the house. She offered him tea, but he declined. He wasn’t in the mood to drink it and he didn’t want to be rude by letting it go to waste. They went to the living room and sat down. His mother sat on the couch, while he sat in the chair across from her, “so… how have you been?” He asked after a moment of silence.
Sherlock glared at John and the words came out before he could even think about it. “You don’t want me coming to your house for two reasons. The first being that you are actually worried about my safety and don’t want me walking home in the dark. The second is that your house is small and you are embarrassed by it. Perhaps because of the neighbourhood, but more likely the fact that it’s a mess inside. You keep your room very clean though – spotless in fact. It makes you feel better about the whole situation in general. Your father is a drunk and is abusive and your mother is rarely around. When she is, you are happy to see her, but you can’t help but feel a little angry that she does nothing about your father and his drinking. You have a brother at home named Harry who happens to be the closest person in your life, but you two aren’t actually that close. You feel alone in the world and you’re afraid to tell your mother – let alone your father – that you—“ He stopped himself. He was surprised for the fourth time that day, yep definitely getting that brain scan. He never stops himself! But there was something about John that he didn’t want to risk losing… John made him happy and that was something he hadn’t experienced in a very long time.
Sherlock stood up and held out his hand. “Come on…” He whispered. If he was being completely honest with himself he was a bit shaken up and terrified, but he kept reminding himself that it was over and nothing bad was going to happen now.
“That’s fucking ridiculous! I just don’t want to hurt someone who was doing absolutely nothing! And since when have I ever been a violent person? I bloody apologise to the opposite team when I accidentally hurt them!” He flailed slightly. He knew trying to get out of this was pointless, but maybe if he bought them time Sherlock would figure something out, or the bell would ring. John wouldn’t look at Sherlock though, he couldn’t because he knew that if he saw the look on Sherlock's face he would snap. He would snap and he would go after Brain and that wouldn’t be helping anyone.
John hummed when he felt Sherlock get harder. He licked up the clothed shaft and put the head into his mouth. He sucked softly as his hands moved up and down Sherlock's chest before settling on Sherlock's dog tags, holding them tightly in his hand.
“Yeah, I suppose so…” He turned to John. “Come on, I want to show you the garden!” He pulled John out to the backyard and left his mother standing there by herself. He was angry with her. He always was when she left. There was nothing he could do about it of course, but it was always so lonely at the house without his mother there. He also hadn’t seen his father in a year. Not that he cared… his father was not a good man so he didn’t mind it one bit. Sherlock sighed to himself and soon they were in the garden.
that voice, that voice was the voice that haunted him at night and sometimes during the day. “Y-you...” No, he didn’t care if he died, but he did
Perhaps in another life or in another universe they were... Sherlock didn’t know who John was, but John knew who Sherlock was and he was a bit obsessed in all honesty. He followed Sherlock as much as he could, he read his blog, watched the news, kept up on his cases, and stalked him on the interweb. John didn’t know why he did that, but it was like he couldn’t stop. He was drawn to Sherlock like a magnet and that was a bit weird to him. However, he had wanted to kill Sherlock more than anything because the thought of bringing down a brilliant mind to a helpless, dependent person who couldn’t think for themselves anymore without looking to someone for approval sent a thrill though his body. He would take Sherlock's heart and he would get to hold it in his hands, something he was pretty sure no one ever had the opportunity of doing... and if they had, the number of people Sherlock gave his heart to was very seldom. He would keep it close and hold it protectively before smashing it to bits! Then he would take Sherlock's brain, he would caress and love it and worship it before taking it apart bit by bit. John knew his brain was messed up... maybe it was all the neglecting as a child. He slowly sat on the couch and his mind wandered.
“Are you going to kill me now?” He drawled, “I would actually sort of like it if you did. You see... I’m done here. My tasks are done” He sighed loudly and shook his head, his face falling a bit and hardening into bitter rage.
Sherlock froze as he watched John pack and swallowed hard, “what are you doing?” He asked quietly.
Sherlock laughed at him and shook his head, “Oh no... I most definitely meant it.” He hummed with an air of certainty.
Sherlock and John managed to beat Lily to the house, which Sherlock was grateful for. The last thing he wanted was for his mum to show up to an empty house, Mycroft had to be in the office until later that night. Sherlock sat on the couch, watching the front door, while John went upstairs to the guest bedroom and unpacked his things. He had to chuckle to himself once he saw that the guest bedroom had turned into Sherlock's bedroom. The room was filled with Sherlock’s old experiments and posters, everything that was once in Sherlock's room was now in the guest bedroom. But also the thought that Brian and Sherlock fucked in here made him feel a bit ill – though, him and Brian had had sexual relations in the room he shared with Sherlock now so it didn’t really matter he supposed, but then again… The room he shared with Sherlock now didn’t hold any previous memories, it was just a room. This held room held their beginning… but now it seemed tainted.
“Of course I knew you were coming!” He rolled his eyes, “I let them find me the second I heard you were looking for me because I wanted you to come. I knew you would and so now here we are. Really, you think a man who has the capability to hide for months suddenly becomes found only hours after you start to help?” He huffed slightly, but resisted the urge to roll his eyes again, “didn’t you just love the birthday present I gave to Sherlock? I’m sure he’s told you by now.”
“Oh, well thank you...” He walked over and snatched the phone before smirking a bit as he typed away, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” He hummed without looking up.
She blinked in turn, “why wouldn’t he be alive??”
He looked down and tried to roll away from her, but winced slightly. At least this pain was different than the pain he had been feeling for the past year and a half. This pain was real – not that his depression and heart break weren’t real… but those were mental. Right now was physical pain because he had basically destroyed his stomach. He much preferred this pain over heartbreak any day.
Sherlock growled on the other end, he was a bitter and impatient man these days, “hello? I’m going to hang up in three seconds if you don’t answer me! I have much better things to do than to sit and wait for you to form an opinion.”
“Oh, is it your coming out party to the school and it might not happen because you will, most likely, chicken out.” He drawled and pulled away from John's grip to put his shoes on.
heheheh I did have a bit of a chuckle at that one.
John grinned brightly, “Really!! Yes!!” he skipped around the kitchen and then ran to the front door. “Well come on then!! Primark awaits!!”
John! It was John!! His eyes were screwed shut and he had a pained expression on his face as he coughed but he... he was alive! He quickly jumped out of bed and ran down the hall screaming for a doctor because John needed one and he needed one quickly before he went back into that horrible coma.
are doing here because you’re about my age, but it was the husband so I suggest you go and arrest him immediately!”
“I want to hear your voice. Please… Tell me a story – A happy one preferably.” He struggled for air a bit and closed his eyes.
John growls and shoves him harder, “ARE YOU SERIOUS? YOU’RE ACTUALLY GOING TO LISTEN TO ME?” John doesn’t know what he's saying... he's just hurting so much. Nothing makes sense and he feels like he's about to explode.
After about two minutes John got off of Sherlock and pretended to kick him and Sherlock had taken his chances and had gotten up and ran. John felt awful, but at least now they were off his back. He went back up the hill and the rugby players cheered whilst clapping him on the back. He just wanted to go to Sherlock, but he couldn’t. He sighed and watched as his friends laugh while they congratulated him and they went back to lunch.
“Really?
Sherlock swallowed. "Well, Irene has a crush on me – always has...” He looked up and forced a small smile on his lips.
. Sherlock's. Hand. And it felt so wrong. He felt like he was betraying the man even though he was dead and wasn’t able to feel betrayed. He felt like he was betraying himself! John had never slept with anyone who wasn’t Sherlock... and even if he had, that someone would be a man, but she was a woman and it all just felt like a lie. Because it was a lie.
He grumbled, but let himself be held... he actually rather liked his mother's hugs, but he was too stubborn to admit that. Eventually she pulled away and he sat back down as he played with the end of his shirt. He just wanted his letter to come and he wanted this party to be over.
ANYWAY COMMENT COMMENT COMMENT I LOVE COMMENTS
(Y-Why.)
As he got to the house he just went around back. Mycroft was most likely in bed, or doing work, and he didn’t want to bother the man. He hadn’t seen him in years, and he didn’t think now would be the best of time to do so either. Especially since Sherlock's death left him just as broken as John. Though, Mycroft was definitely better at hiding it.
Sherlock let out a breath of relief and then kissed his lips softly.
TILL NEXT TIME, BITCHES!
“And you weren’t planning on telling me?” he snapped, how the fuck could John do that to him?
After a moment of silence the doctor swallowed and gave him a firm look, “We tried everything we could to save him...” He said with no emotion. John took it that this was a speech he had to give at least five times a day, there was no room for emotion anymore. “He had internal bleeding that we didn’t see before, but by the time we tried to fix him... he didn’t make it. I’m sorry. You can come and see him if you would like.”
"Bit surprised you picked this place," Sherlock called out as he walked closer inside. "The pool where poor little Carl died is a bit much, don't you think? A bit tacky... Though, I’m not much of one to feel bad for people. However, he didn't have to die. John wouldn't be please at the fact that I don’t care if died or not, but then again he isn't here..." He sighed and looked around.
actually I'm really not I'm probably going to go read 13 Reasons Why and then go to bed.... ahahah!!
Mike could tell and he was so scared for what the real reason was, "John...." He warned slightly. "I may be stupid compared to you, but I can still read your emotions... I always have been able to..."
Once they had lowered her completely down, Sherlock's phone buzzed and he pulled it out. He frowned at the unknown number and opened the text.
A couple of months passed and John was slipping further and further into depression. The bottle of whisky in the cupboard always looked so tempting, but he would not fall into that like his father and sister did. He was stronger than that and he wasn’t going to cave just because he watched Sherlock die.
John cleared his throat. But Jesus Christ she was beautiful... and again that didn’t make sense to him at all! Not to say that gay men couldn’t admire the beauty of other people besides men, but... he sort of wanted her and he was pretty sure that that was not a thing gay men did not want. Actually, no. It
John swallowed a bit and looked at the cat before looking up at the back of Sherlock’s head, “well... I actually made it up... it’s not true.” He pursed his lips and took a breath, “So do I still have to pay you? Because I’m not sure I could afford that.” He looked down slightly, perhaps this wasn’t one of his better ideas.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, then smirked and stood up.
“Who was here?” She asked softly, trying to figure out what he was talking about, but also soothe him at the same time.
It had been a week and John hadn’t heard a single thing from Sherlock. He wanted to reach out so many times, he wanted to go crawling back to him and say he was sorry, but he knew that it would never work. He knew that what they currently had was unhealthy and John hadn’t been happy. He wanted to crawl back to what they had before Sherlock had left, but that had long since passed, hadn’t it? Things were different now and there was no changing that.
“Come on... I’ll drive you to him...” He whispered as he started to guide Sherlock towards his car and Sherlock wasn’t thinking about anything at that moment other than...
“Nope! I Promise! This is going to make everything all better… EVERYTHING!!!” He started pushing Sherlock gently and nudging him in the direction that he wanted him to walk.
John waited for a full minute before he looked at Mike and broke out into a wide grin, “Did you fucking see that? That was amazing!!!” He snickered and spun his cane around a bit. “I cannot wait for tomorrow! Ready to go home?” he hummed.
Brain glared right back at John. “I don’t understand why you stick up for him!” Brian snapped. “He’s weird!”
Harry screamed and started crying, "no! Father! Please!" She choked and watched as he cocked the gun.
“Not you. Sherlock. The real Sherlock. The one who is rude, and arrogant, and a downright prick. He definitely wouldn’t be saying sorry for bumping into me.. That’s why I say you need to work on it.”
REMEMBER TO COMMENT BECAUSE COMMENTING IS LIKE SWEET SWEET AMAZINGNESS
John yanked his body across the bed and reached into his drawer to pull out his gun. It wasn’t loaded, Claire had made sure to get rid of all of the bullets, but of course the intruder didn’t know that. “Answer me.” He hissed again.
“Yes, well. Things don’t always go as planned!” John spat back, “I’ll give you a million back and we’ll call it even. Now, don’t fucking call this number again. Goodbye, Sebastian! Have a nice fucking life.” He said with no emotion at all and then hung up.
Sherlock's face fell a bit, but he nodded, “Alright.”
“And how do you know I just won’t kill myself?” He swallowed.
Sherlock did another thing that surprised him. He listened to John and proceeded to leave him alone. Sherlock never did – does – that; it was entirely out of character. Sherlock classified it as a random act of kindness and then returned to his worksheet.
Okay okay okayyyyyy!! So I mean I didn't upload it as fast as I wanted to, but it wasn't a four month wait like last time!!!!! Only a two month wait!! (; that's cut in half so I think that you should all be happy with me! And hope that I will upload the next chapter even sooner!! (; and I think I will so hahahahaha just you wait. okkkkk now enjoy this sad sad chapter because sherlock is still gone and when sherlock is gone everything is sad and everything hurts!
You stay here... I'm going to go on ahead.
... Why are you doing this?” The name coming off his lips like poison.
She sighed because she knew he wouldn’t be able to stop cold turkey, but he was trying so that made her happy. “You should tell him,” She whispered.
“Sherlock! We can’t both take the bed,” he choked out and flailed his arms.
! Did he do that to John? His John! Sherlock kept running and furrowed his brow as the car approached the turning point. Right or left? Only... It was going way too fast to turn and it would never make it! Ted wasn’t even breaking and then clarity struck him, right or left wasn’t going to happen because he was going straight. Ted was a smart man in that he knew that there was nothing left for him... Might as well end it, but so help him because he was
They finished getting ready and then took a cab to the hospital. Briskly, they made their way to Lily’s room and walked in, after knocking on the door once.
(See the end of the chapter for
John giggled and smiled to himself. He was glad he was able to rule off the onetime thing ordeal, even though all they did was kiss. Sherlock was special and he honestly didn’t think he would be able to handle it if Sherlock decided it was all a mistake. If he decided he was just trying it out to see if his mind had stayed the same or changed, if he had found out he was just an experiment to Sherlock, but then he frowned, “I don’t think we should tell anyone…” he said slowly.
John smiled sadly and wrapped his arms tightly around her, “Hi, Mrs. Turner...” He whispered quietly.
"Detective Inspector Garrett brought it over... He thought that you would want it."
Mycroft hummed as he watched the woman dress John, “Anthea. She’s my assistant. Had to get one ever since Sherlock died, everything was just… too much.” He paused and turned his glare to John, “Speaking of. When were you going to tell me he’s alive? I didn’t know until I stripped your clothes. The necklace. You lost that the day of the funeral, made me look for it, for hours. You have it now. That leads me to believe one thing. I’m hurt you didn’t come to me with the news.” He hissed slightly, “which is why I’m deciding to go through with this plan. I was just going to wash your clothes and let you go, but I don’t think I can do that now.”
John huffed and looked him dead in the eye, “Sherlock.” He said as seriously as could. “We need to cut your trousers off or you’ll have to live in them forever! Do you want that?” He moved his head closer to Sherlock's so he could get a better look into his eyes, inches away from his face
Claire sighed as she shut the door and walked up the stairs, going back into the flat. John was still in his room and she suspected he wouldn't be coming out for a while. She walked to the door and gently knocked and when she didn't hear an answer she just pushed herself right in. She knew it was an invasion of privacy and that normally you should wait to be given permission to enter, but this was different and they both knew that.
also if you want to see the bracelet you can go to my instagram! Which is two_hearts_one_ship heh. obvi.
“WELL WHAT THE HECK WAS THAT!!!!” Sherlock screamed.
Things are slowly starting to fall into place.
“Nope. It’s mine! They wanted to turn it into a museum, but I bought it before they could.” He snickered to himself. “Like I said… Huge fanboy. Also my dad worked in the government before he died a couple of years ago so that’s another reason I was able to get this flat.” He shrugged a bit and then walked into the 221B Baker Street.
It rang five times before a voice on the other end whispered: "Hello?"
“No! It wasn’t! I would die a thousand times over if it meant I could save your life.” He said as he ran his fingers through John's wet hair. In all of his years of not caring he never thought he would be a cuddly person, but he loved cuddling with John. He especially loved his hands on John’s skin. This was the first time he got to touch John like this and it was bliss, even if the circumstances were not.
Sherlock took a breath. He knew that John was thinking about it and it killed him, to Sherlock it shouldn’t even be something you needed to think about and the fact that John was even considering it made him rather ill. But he needed to give John an out. He needed to give him a reason because dammit Sherlock would give that boy the fucking world. “No, you just don’t want to be like your father. You don’t want to abuse someone like he abuses you.”
Sherlock sat on the couch while people talked to him. He should reply, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying and they kept
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, but I want to.” He smirked remembering the time that Sherlock had said those exact words to him when Sherlock first walked him home and all of this started. It seemed like a lifetime ago, but also it seemed liked it was just yesterday.
He pushes the door open and it creaks. John wishes it didn’t because he doesn't want Sherlock to know he is there – though he supposes Sherlock would find out anyway and in order for him to do what he needs to do... Sherlock needs to be present. He walks around the corner and Sherlock is in the process of setting something on fire. John blinks when he realises it was one of his jumpers – or what was left of it. “Excuse you.”
Eventually John caught up with Sherlock once they were well off of school grounds. He smiled and tried to catch his breath. “Slow down would you? I’m a thirty-eight-year-old man, remember?!”
John had no idea where Mycroft was, but he also didn’t care... if Mycroft was going to come and get him, John would let him, but Mycroft never showed up.
“Go for it!” Sherlock spat bitterly, “you always say how the world will be a fucking better place without me. Well, father, here is your chance!!” He screamed as he threw his arms out to each side of him.
Sigar just smirked at him, “I know something you don’t!!” He sung darkly, despite the fact that he had a hole in his stomach.
Sherlock flopped down on the couch and then Mycroft came up to him and handed him back his phone, “If he texts you again, Sherlock, I need to know. Do you understand me?” He said in a menacing voice, narrowing his eyes. Sherlock huffed and nodded slowly, leave it to Mycroft to be meddling. Mycroft let out a small breath of relief and then walked towards the front door, “Okay... Detective Inspector Garrett and I will be back later...” He waited for a reply, but when there wasn’t one he sighed and walked out of the house.
John swallowed hard because he knew it was time... this was what he had been waiting for and he hated every single minute of it, “You are my best friend, Sherlock... I’m not here because of how clever you are... or the fact that you can give me adventure. I’m not here because of the eyeballs in the fridge or the fact that you have money... I’m here because I like spending time with you... You make me smile when I’m sad and even when I’m not. I can see you for who you actually are and not for what the world sees you as. You aren’t a freak, you aren’t abnormal, you aren’t weird... you are brilliant, and kind, and extraordinary and I don’t care who believes that. I believe that and that’s all that should matter.” He smiled softly.
John didn’t say a word, didn’t even acknowledge her, as she led him back to bed. It seemed as though he was finally broken. Just a shell of the man he once was, she thought he had been a shell before. Just a human on autopilot, but this… this was what John looked like as a broken man. Before he was at least living somewhat, now he was just empty.
Joke 1 Answer:
“And you seem to have stayed with me... you really didn’t need to.” He frowned some and pursed his lips.
“TIMING LESTRADE!!!!” Sherlock screamed and glared at him.
She laid down on the couch and nodded, “alright. It was good to see you.” She continued to smile at him, “you remember the way out? I’m going to take a kip.”
Sherlock laughed a bit and then winced, “tell Mycroft I’m sorry that I doubted him.” He whispered weakly.
John shook his head. His neck hurt and he didn’t feel well, he felt like he was about to throw up really. He kept staring at his father’s bleeding body and he couldn’t look away. “Carry me..?” He felt Sherlock bend down and lift him into his arms,
“If something ever happened to me... if I wasn’t here anymore, would you stay here... on the earth, I mean. Would you keep going – for me?”
ALSO I'LL PROBABLY DIE BEFORE I POST THIS BECAUSE THERE IS LEGIT STABBING PAIN HAPPENING IN MY KIDNEY!!! The other day I had a heart attack and then went driving... that was fun!
John sighed heavily. "Have what?" He asked before turning around. His eyes landed on the locket and he froze. "H-how do you have that?" He whimpered.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked up, but then his face grew serious as he saw all the panic and worry etched into Mycroft's face. “What?” He snapped a bit.
friends! And we stopped being friends the second he died!" He growled. And he didn't mean it... He didn't mean any of it, but he hurt and he was lashing out.
John didn't budge... He just glared right back at her.
By the end of the week John's shoulder still hurt, but it was slowly getting better. Some days were more manageable than others and today was a good day because he got to see Sherlock. He looked down at the address Sherlock had given him for the millionth time. Even though he knew it by heart at this point, he looked at it when he was nervous or when he was thinking. He swallowed thickly as he walked up the one step and slowly knocked on the door.
“Very well,” He knew it was wishful thinking, but he had been hoping John would tell him it was okay and that he didn’t need to press forward. Finally, he found the strength and pressed forward, his hand playing with the leather on the chair. “I was only supposed to be gone six months, a year at the most, but something happened. It was talking longer than I had anticipated so around six months I knew it would take another six, but then…” he looked away and picked at the leather. “A mission went wrong. I didn’t take into account that there could be wire trips and so I activated one. It was a stupid, stupid mistake, but it cost me everything.
not what you used to be, and I don’t think I can do it anymore.” He huffed.
The man smirked, “come back when you have the money, Sherlock.”
Mycroft sighed, “We have a couple of ideas, but that’s all... they’re just ideas.”
John sighed and just left the hospital, he didn’t know where to go and he didn’t know what to do, but he most certainly didn’t want to go back to the flat where Brian could come home at any second. He walked aimlessly around London until he found himself in a quaint little pub. John huffed because of course he would end up here, following after his father it seemed. Still, he slowly walked over to the bar and sat down, debating on whether he should actually purchase a drink or not. He stared down at the sticky counter and sighed again.
Somehow he had wandered into the middle of the road and he looked up. He didn’t even know where he was because he couldn’t think and he hadn’t been paying attention. What he saw though made him freeze, he was in the middle of the road and a car was speeding towards him. The car was well over the speed limit and Sherlock couldn’t move! He wasn’t sure he wanted to move and he figured that was probably why he couldn’t, this was the end and he didn’t even care... He had hurt John so badly he couldn’t even live with himself. Though, he had done what he needed to do and he took pride in the knowledge that he had made the right decision.
So about that every Thursday thing... Well it's just too hard because being a grown up is so so hard! and ugh! Like.... I work all the time and then I'm too tired to write... BUT DON'T WORRY I AM NOT GIVING UP!!! And this is the longest Chapter I believe!!
“Minor gunshot wound. Mycroft will be here in a minute.” He gasped and squeezed his eyes shut. He actually was pretty positive he wasn’t going to make it before Mycroft even got there.
Sherlock sat in his seat as he waited for John to walk into the room, usually John was already in here, but today he wasn’t. That was a bit odd to Sherlock, but maybe he was finally hanging out with his friends again. Sherlock pulled out his papers and wrote a few things down until he saw Zack and Brian walk into the room. He frowned when there was still no sight of John! He almost asked Zack where he was, but then he remembered he couldn’t do that, not only would it raise suspicion if John was just sick, but Zack would probably end up punching him.
John shook his head and burst into tears, he couldn’t help it, they just spilled from his eyes before he even had a say in the matter, “No!! No it’s not! You- you died! I- I saw it with my own two eyeballs! And now- I don’t- please don’t leave!” He gasped and clung to the front of Sherlock's shirt, he couldn’t leave him. Not now. Not after he finally came back to him.
As darkness started to creep up John slowly pulled out his mobile and called Claire, he knew he wouldn’t be able to walk home, his legs would give out the second he stood up.
John smirked at him, “Remind me to double your salary, Burt.” He hummed.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
John swallowed and nodded, “yeah, I’ll wait.” He lied and forced a smile.
“Sherlock. So fucking help me I do not need you to speak right now! Do you understand that? Are you capable of being silent for three bloody minutes?” He spits.
Brian scoffed and shook his head, “Well, you’re no fun.” He huffed and then just stood up and left the flat. Sherlock did think that that was a bit weird... maybe he had imagined the whole thing and had just taken too much cocaine... because he did take some with this tea, he remembered shooting up while the kettle boiled. Still, it was terrifying whether it was real or not and he was just glad that Brian was gone. If Brian came back however, he was definitely going to kick him out… he didn’t think he would be able to look at him the same ever again. He took one last deep breath before collapsing to the ground and passing out.
John got ready in the suit and put on the dress shoes. He was happy because Sherlock had just practically worshiped his body in the shower, not that he didn’t do that on a regular basis, but John loved it just as much. He walked over to the mirror and fixed his hair so that there weren’t any flyaway’s, making himself look very presentable. He looked at Sherlock, who was already ready, and smiled slightly. “So…?”
“I don't really want your money, John Watson. I just want you to die.” Brain bit out, in a deadly calm voice that had an icy edge to it. The knife pressed harder against John's throat, blood dripping down his neck. John could feel the warm and sticky sensation, a feeling he knew well from being out on the battle field. As the knife plunged deeper into him John screwed his eyes up in pain, as his throat let the screams of agony escape.
Sherlock felt his heart jerk and then felt stupid because he didn’t know why his heart was jerking. “Alright, is that ok with your parents?”
yesterday, but when he heard the door open and saw Cakeman standing in the doorway, covering his eyes with his hand, he realised that that was not the case. Really though, was almost dying and going through emotional turmoil not enough to miss school?
“John, please… just drop it.” He whispered quietly, almost inaudibly, as he closed his eyes.
John leaned against the couch and pulled out a paper from the stack of jobs people had sent him and looked over it. He groaned, rolled his eyes, and threw it behind him.
HIYA!!! It feels like I havent updated this in years, but it has only been weeks and tbh I literally wrote this in one night, which was tonight, and edited it by myself because I couldn't be arsed to send it to my beta and I just wanted it up... so yeah!
And Claire – bless her heart – was hanging on a thread of patience, “No, you won’t.” She said softly. “I won’t let you.”
. Such a silly compliment. A word used all the time by people all over the world to describe the simplest things. Yet, for some reason, when it came from Sherlock it meant so much more. So much that he thought the whole universe might rip open because Sherlock described something as brilliant besides himself – and it wasn’t directed towards John. He wanted that compliment directed towards him and he wasn’t sure he would ever get it because he was definitely not brilliant. Especially compared to Sherlock.
Sherlock screamed and pulled his hand back to punch the man, but punched the wall instead. He wasn’t about to hurt his dealer… that would definitely mean no more drugs ever for him, “my brother cut me off!! I don’t have any money! Please! I’m out and I CAN’T STAND IT!!!” He hissed and tugged roughly at his hair.
Sherlock sighed, he was sick of people attacking him before they even knew the reason behind his actions. “Right, why are you calling me? Don’t exactly feel like getting abused by you, and for the record I did what I had to do.”
awwwwwwww see we are getting somewhere... very very slowly... ha!
Sherlock smiled brightly and kissed him, “Two drinks, please.” He said once he pulled away.
And just like that she realised that this was real and all of this was happening because she had never heard John talk like that – she had never heard John speak to her like that, even when he was upset. She dropped the phone and ran out of the pub as fast as she could, not caring if she lost her job. John needed her, he needed her more than he needed anyone right now and she wasn’t about to leave him alone.
Sherlock hummed and went to the bedroom. He stripped down to his pants and then laid in bed, staring up at the ceiling. John came in a little while later and slid into the bed next to Sherlock. The mattress dipped and then John’s arms were wrapped around him and he smiled softly, so John wasn’t completely pissed at him. John hummed happily and kissed his neck softly before pulling away. He rested his head against Sherlock's chest, making sure to avoid laying on the dog tags, his hand resting on Sherlock's tummy.
Two months, five days, seven hours, three minutes, and thirty four seconds since Sherlock has been back from the dead – not that John has been counting or anything... He has and that’s the problem. Mary is worried, but Mary always worries about him. He’s
In other news i'm super angry... so i wanted to do a year of study abroad in London but then i thought.... oh why not go there my last year of school and be an international student and graduate there and then just continue to live there! that way i wont lose contacts... blah blah. so i emailed this guy who then told me to email this address instead of him so i did and i heard nothing.... DX so after three weeks i emailed the guy back and he told me that he would check. Wellllll it turns out they just didnt get my email so i resent it and SHE TOLD ME THAT THEY DONT ACCEPT PEOPLE HALF WAY THROUGH THEIR DEGREE UNLESS THEY HAVE JUST COMPLETED THEIR FIRST YEAR!!! technically i should be a junior (Which is a third year) but i took a year off school....... so i have only completed the first year of college...which means i can still apply... and if that is not a coincidence.... because i would have started this semester but missed the deadline... and now im finding this out before i can apply for next semester... however, i dont know if my dad will let me apply and go there for three years and thats what makes me upset and sad because i want this more than life....... and it's my dream college... but i feel like he wont let me do it.... and i think that will kill me...
After a moment Sherlock sat up and took off his wet pants, so that they were both hard and naked and it was the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever seen, it always was when John was like this for him. Sherlock rolled over and then climbed on top of John, he straddled him and then rolled his hips a couple of times and groaned.
Mycroft cleared his throat awkwardly. “How about you start at the part where you left the house? Where did you go…?” If Mycroft wanted to find out any information he could about what happened to John and where he went, he knew he would have to be quick… Mycroft didn’t know what drug John had been taking… or what was wrong with him for that matter… But confusion was a common side effect in most drugs and the longer he went without an answer, the more likely it was that he wasn’t going to get one.
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
“DON’T MOVE!!!” He screamed, but Sherlock kept moving anyway.
real!
John felt the car jerk and speed off down the road. He sighed again even though he was slightly terrified now, but at the same time he knew it was only a matter of time before his father found him. He honestly had nothing anymore… John knew that was stupid because he had a whole life ahead of him and things would get better, but right now he was grieving and he just hurt. He wanted the pain to go away so maybe this wasn’t so bad after all. “How did you get out from.... wherever you were?” He drawled.
But I’m gonna change that (:
“You’ll thank me one day. Just you wait.” She muttered bitterly and stuffed a piece of orange chicken in her mouth.
“You can do this yourself next time, but I don’t know if you know how to do this or not and the guy who sold it to me taught me everything I needed to know... I got a whole stash and maybe next time you can pay for it because it’s fucking expensive...” He trailed off and searched for Sherlock's vein, flicking the inside of Sherlock's elbow crease a bit.
Sherlock took a sharp breath and still wouldn’t look at him, “yep. And I’ll probably continue using you...” He said truthfully. And he knew he shouldn’t, he knew John would be so disappointed with him, but John wasn’t here. He left Sherlock alone – he left knowing he would probably die. John’s opinion didn’t matter anymore, but Sherlock couldn’t help but think that it actually still did.
He stopped for a brief moment to look at her and then he grinned. “Donna Noble… You’re on! Allons-y!”
ENJOY THE STORY BITCHES.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and mumbled something that John couldn’t possibly hear, especially not with all the noise around. He shuffled his feet a little, as he kept staring at the ground. How had everything gone so wrong? Sure, Sherlock was awkward and didn’t know how to deal with things, but really he thought this would work and not blow up in his face, like it currently was.
Her heart swelled and she closed her eyes, “I love you, too, Sherlock.” She breathed.
John swallowed slightly, he was really not in the mood to be tortured or whatever the hell Mycroft had in mind, he just wanted to plant the damn flowers and leave. “So, if you didn’t rape me, and decided against raping me before you gave me the tea… why am I practically naked?”
to reach out, but he couldn’t. His vocal cords wouldn’t let him and he hated that.
“Amazing use of vocabulary, brother dear,” He hummed and then rolled his eyes.
John blinked, “Sorry?”
John's head shot up and he looked at Sherlock. He looked back down at his father and then up at Sherlock again. He had gotten carried away and felt a bit guilty by it.
She swallowed. “Yes, I'll be gone for exactly two weeks… but hey! Better than two months right?” She tried to lighten Sherlock's mood, but nothing really did.
John looked away and sighed heavily, he was silent for about five minutes before he finally spoke again. “I forgive you, but...” he trailed off.
Sherlock took a deep breath and then said in the smallest of voices. “You don’t want to tell your parents that you might be gay…”
you wouldn’t be living in it... everyone else would.” He sung.
Sherlock held John's hand through the whole thing; he had to be brave for John. If he was dying he would want someone to be there for him – even if he was in a coma and wasn’t aware of his surroundings... Nonetheless, he had almost died and that’s exactly what he wanted. Someone to be there. John was there when Ted almost shot Sherlock and John was there when his own father actually managed to shoot Sherlock and now Sherlock was here for John. It was funny, Sherlock thought, because all the times they’ve almost managed to die, or in this situation actually die, one of their fathers were involved. He supposed that wasn’t really funny at all, just told Sherlock how they apparently both won the lottery in life for ‘Shittiest Dad’.
Lily gasped and looked down because yes, Sherlock was a mistake… they didn’t want any more kids after Mycroft, but that didn’t mean that Lily didn’t love her youngest son very much. However, she remained quiet because that’s just what they did… You kept quiet and didn’t cause more problems than what was already happening.
“We were just saying that if Brian and Sherlock were to fight.. Brian would win. We wanted your opinion.” He explained while the other players snickered and gave Brian arm punches.
“As I said I used to watch her a lot. One day I decided to go talk to her and she seemed nice enough so I came out with my confession and told her how I felt… she laughed at me and said that no one would ever like a freak like me… I went home and cried and told myself that I didn’t need anyone. I could live on my own forever, people would only cause problems and annoyances. I’m fine how it is. There’s no need to feel bad or pity me.”
"You shot him." Mycroft choked out.
to you because I feel like I have to. If I didn’t want this, I would have gone to the store and bought you flowers or something.” He took a breath, “No one has ever… done something like that for me and I can’t even begin to tell you how much better you make my life. I want this. I want you. And not because of your surprise, but because you’re John and there is no one else I want to experience this with. I didn’t even know I would ever want this until you came into my life, you’re special and one of a kind. Please. Have me.”
His mother smiled and kissed the top of his head, “I believe you, dear.”
Also I'm sorry there were no warnings.. I didn't want you to know how it was going to end before you even started to read it... And when I first started I didn't know how it was going to end either... Anyway. I hoped you enjoyed it nonetheless.
John smiled softly as he caught the keys and then ran out of the house.
Sherlock was silent for a long moment before he finally looks up at him, “I think we should...” He whispers quietly and fiddles with the half burnt jumper.
John frowned a little and stood up. He pulled some pants and a shirt on and then walked over to Sherlock. “Hey… Talk to me, love. What is it?”
Question:
Blake forced a laugh and smiled at his boss. “Good one, Boss!”
“Afternoon, Mr. Holmes,” John smiled happily as Sherlock took off his glove and then reached forward to shake John's hand.
And John lost it, he ran forward and grabbed Sherlock by the front of his shirt, pulling him close so that their noses were practically touching, “How. Long.” He bit out. His voice was eerily calm, but the tone sounded extremely dangerous.
