"We need to get closer. Inside the temple if possible," Steve said, as he watched the party pass between the stone panther's teeth.
Tony had just finished donning the mercenary's battle dress when the sound of an explosion shook the research lab, setting the walls and floor trembling and the equipment rattling.
The press still continued to use the name Captain America, even though Steve himself made no claim on it, asking them to address him as "Captain Rogers" and – after a long and acrimonious argument with Tony – exchanging the famous and traditional red, white and blue uniform for a new costume in midnight blue and silver, though the lightweight armoured fabric, originally developed by SI for special forces and improved by Tony, had chameleon qualities. The shield, itself the subject of a two-way patent dispute, was now painted in the same deep blue, though if you saw it in direct light and from particular angles, it was touched with stars.
Instantly, Tony decided to leave the almost impossible task of charming him to Natasha. Instead, he just nodded a greeting, though having Steve's body draped over his shoulder couldn't have made a good first impression. At least the support from the nanite armour made carrying him possible – though that may not have helped their image either.
"How... did... you... get... here?" The leader had taken hold of Okoye's shoulders and was shaking her as she cowered away
"No, you won't. Not if this plane carries parachutes. Do planes carry parachutes now?" he asked plaintively.
"Steve, I am old enough to know when I should or should not be making out with someone – someone who, until now, seemed pretty damn enthusiastic about making out with me."
Then the Panther switched on the headlights and it became clear that they were in a controlled fall down a shaft in the mountainside, cliffs gleaming with water on all sides, the dark rock speckled with luminescent flecks. Before Tony had time to speculate on the geology, the vehicle slid sideways the first of many narrow tunnels.
Tony was none too sure how Pepper had gotten herself invited to the post-funeral SHIELD wake – well, not a proper wake, of course, given the absence of Coulson's body, but it served the same purpose. For that matter he wasn't sure how he had come to be invited himself, but he rarely turned down free booze and certainly not booze that Fury was going to have to finagle out of SHIELD's budget.
After a raid on a particular cupboard in the kitchen, a search of the closets that Tony usually left entirely to the cleaning staff produced a thick quilt – possibly an antique – which he carried back into the living room and tossed over Steve's shoulders, then slid down to the floor beside him.
Hank was going to murder him. Not that he wouldn't deserve it, but he still had far too much to do...
"I've known Jan a good deal longer than I've known Hank," Tony said reminiscently. "She was my special agent in mischief when I was sixteen and she was six. No one ever suspected her."
"Gee, you've gotta give me lessons on winning friends and influencing people, Stark," Clint commented. "So, what's it gonna be? Wholesale slaughter or a coup d'état?"
Tony felt himself shudder. "I'm still shaking," he said, because there was no disguising it. "When I got there you were standing right in the path of a disintegrator ray of some kind – God, I can't believe I'm saying that. I had maybe three seconds to take the thing out before it got both of us. Despite the really rather scary parallels, your nickname isn't Buck, Rogers—" He stopped in horror, the joke dying on his lips because... God, how could he have been so crass? "Oh, shit, Steve, I'm sorry. I forgot about Barnes. Buck Rogers was—"
Thor pulled his hammer from his belt and tossed it into the air. "It appears I am still worthy. If not, I have friends on Midgard who will not turn me aside."
"My," Jan said, absently fluffing her hair, "your friends are jumpy, Tony. Do introduce us properly, darling."
"Start a search for anything at all on Wakanda. And you might start with the events of Coulson's wake and everything to do with vibranium and the people who tried to hack us for info on its manufacture."
"The person who should be in this body," Steve said. "I – we think that when Tony touched the artefact it brought me here. Can you help us reverse the process – send me to wherever I was and bring him back?"
She was on her way back, an offer from Toyota in her briefcase, but still too far away to get caught up in this, thank all the gods in Asgard or anywhere else.
He picked up with some relief, because it would postpone the call he had to make. "Hey, Bartowlski, you're working late."
"That's kind of you, but unless..." Their eyes locked for what seemed like an age. Pepper's expression was uncertain and Tony suddenly realised what she might be asking, offering... but he knew he couldn't answer that, at least not in words.
"It's part of the Seattle complex," Pepper told him absently. "Well, he'd better be back in time for the charity gala. I'd better go look in his wardrobe and make sure he has a clean and decent tux."
"Hi, Natasha," Tony said. "Haven't you heard of Pacific Daylight Time? It may be... what?... six-twenty am in New York but it's three-twenty here."
Steve took one look and pulled off the road, even as something came flying straight at the window. For an instant, he thought, "Grenade!" and he slammed on the brakes – but, unless things had changed drastically in seventy years – grenades weren't that small and certainly weren't green—
In a single stride was Steve was on them, releasing his frustration in a blow to the side of the (still flickering) intruder's head, in a visible moment. Below him, a repulsor whined, flashed, stuttered and flashed again, and another yellow clad man suddenly appeared out of thin air as he flew through the air and hit the wall.
Cautiously, he inserted his fingers into the crack. It went deep, and there seemed to be at least a small open space behind it. At least, it was possible to hook his fingers around the rock.
But then he noticed that the Hulk's feet might be sinking an inch or so into the sidewalk, but when he moved the surface was intact.
Then elevator doors slide aside and Steve, who should have been upstairs and sleeping, stalked into the room, and Tony knew that he was going to have to deal with him, at least.
"According to Mrs Arbogast you do," said Jarvis. "She has, by the way, added Ms Potts' resignation to the agenda unilaterally."
Tony reached again into the interior of the cabling duct, and gasped as the pain stabbed through his chest. He would have sworn but he'd worn out his vocabulary about an hour ago.
Even as Steve turned the chair on its base so he could see Tony's face, the Iron Man faceplate descended, so that his eyes did not meet the familiar warm brown gaze but the enigmatic glowing slits of the armour. Nevertheless, he was certain that the other man was thinking exactly the same thought.
"Just taking precautions, sweetie. I'm not sure you're completely emotionally stable right now. And I've got to protect Hank's scientific funding source..."
"Good to meet you," Tony said, gripping back, wondering, as he did so, why Wakanda would need a trade minister. "This is my assistant and bodyguard, Mr Rogers."
That that shore was the centre of SHIELD's search patterns, normally more heavily travelled and, therefore, naturally more dangerous, made him hurry.
Once in the bathroom, Steve tried to locate Jarvis's speaker, failed, and said, plaintively, "Jarvis?"
The Black Widow was frowning at Tony. "Are you sure about that? Who is this?" There were layers and layers of suspicion in her voice.
The red-haired woman lingered a moment. "Say hello to Tony for me," she said, "and tell him I wish him well."
"Doom lives," the Doombot stated, as if there could be no contradiction. "You, Stark, will kneel before Doom and serve him—"
Yogthulu's head moved from side to side, its massive pincers stirring the air less than a foot from Tony's face. He heard the armour clank behind him so Steve was moving it by sheer muscle power. Somehow, without looking, Tony knew he had halted just behind his right shoulder. Clea, an expression of determination on her face, stood a couple of feet away. Jean, she informed him telepathically, was rising into the air at their backs.
Steve made himself go limp and hoped his heart wasn't beating so fast that Tony or Nat could hear it.
"That's reasonable," Howard said. "Tony'll show you how to use the computer databases, and he'll also hack anything from the Pentagon that isn't in the public domain. Do be careful though, Tony. I can't fit prison visits into my schedule. I'll brief you about SHIELD myself, Steve. I have an unfortunately close connection with it that I expect I'm going to regret even more than I do now."
And he'd been wrong about the vegetation; it wasn't a uniform jungle. Some of it was shorter, and that shorter tangle of grasses and weeds that ran in two straight lines, a little wider than tyre tracks, towards the stretch of creek that lay in shadow under the face of a cliff, just before it entered the pool.
"Indeed, your absence was noted, sir. A number of people wished to speak to you. As per your instructions, I informed them you had retreated to a monastery—"
It was not like any laboratory Tony had ever seen, but it was nearly as well equipped as the ones he had set up for Bruce and Hank in their hidden Oklahoman base. What was more, the computers had been made by Stark Industries, though they seemed heavily customised. He didn't like to think of how that had been achieved, but hoped that SI had been paid appropriately.
She seemed hardly conscious as he gathered her into Iron Man's arms and allowed Jarvis to steer their path back through the mountain and into the evening. Once outside, Tony turned away from the falling sun towards the rising moon, almost as bright against a navy blue sky.
Fuck it, he didn't know what to say to comfort Steve, didn't know how to cope with Steve's grief or his own jealousy.
"I have to go. Those things could destroy the tower," Steve said, trying to conceal that he was still holding on to the headboard. He had a feeling there was something wrong with his logic, but couldn't work out what.
The black and gold limo was just coming to a stop, not in a parking space but in front of the elevator. The doors opened, and a fair-haired man in Air Force blues jumped out, holding the door open for Jan, in her Wasp outfit—
"I'm not entirely surprised," Jan said. "He flirts with everyone, and we've eyed up both the male and female talent and rated them with marks out of ten at boring parties. He has to be careful about his image, though."
He needed a drink. Desperately. Almost as desperately as he needed to find some sort of sanctuary before he collapsed on the floor. Already, the world was misted. He moved onward, letting instinct guide him.
It echoed what Natasha had said in the helicopter, that they weren't in touch with Steve right at that moment; cold fear silenced Tony for two, three, four breaths. He had only just regained control of his vocal cords when Pepper's voice, familiar with its fear masked in anger, exploded in his ear. "Tony, what the devil's going on?"
The water was cold with a hint of lemon juice and it scoured his mouth clean, but his stomach rumbled mightily in protest, and he flopped back against the pillows, swallowing convulsively in an attempt to avoid throwing up all over the covers.
"Maria Stark foundation." Iron Man opened the transporter, extracted a box, and put it on the ground at Selvig's feet. "This is the remains of one end of a teleportational portal, apparently built by someone on Earth. When it's working, it's frighteningly familiar; you know, disco blue, lots of swirling, sticking its tongue out at us, yadda yadda. You probably have the best chance of figuring out how it works since you got to grips with the Tesseract."
"Not for me." And Steve hated it when Tony used drink to hide behind. He looked around seeking inspiration for a neutral topic. The grand piano provided it. "Do you play?" he asked, nodding at it.
"Sure thing." Tony slid an arm around Steve's waist; they'd practiced this. "Three strikes, honey," he said to the woman and lifted off.
"We found Steve Rogers in the Arctic," Fury was protesting. "Without us he'd still be frozen in the ice."
He was ignored. "Why are you wearing two sets of clothing?" the Wakandan asked, instead. "It seems ... a little eccentric. Particularly so close to the equator."
Less than a minute later, the lift doors opened and Avengers spilled out into the garage. Jan yelped and flung herself at Hank, who had braced himself to stay upright with reactions honed by long practice.
Decision made, he settled down in one of the trees, though the branches creaked under the armour's weight, hacked into the closed circuit surveillance system and prepared to wait for evening. He could use the time to engineer a special computer worm.
Which left Steve facing Shuri over that deadly blade. He gave it a significant glance. "So that's how you and Storm escaped. Well, you can't cut a hole in this aircraft at this altitude without killing us all. T'Challa wouldn't be too pleased about that."
Tony lifted his head. "Vibranium – if we mean the same thing by that word – doesn't occur naturally on Earth.
But today, in particular, felt like a bad dream, which had culminated in the nightmare that was seeing Peggy's name on a headstone, but hadn't ended there. Maybe he
It was eight o'clock in the evening and Tony was more jumpy than he had been when the Makluan had invaded. He’d had to stop himself calling home every few minutes to make sure everything was secure and that Steve and his Dad were okay. Which would be a mistake, because Howard would start asking questions and lying to him rarely worked, even with the faceplate and voice synthesiser in place.
Tony was sitting with his tablet propped up on the table in front of him. "There's a message from Dad," he said. "Short burst, highly compressed and encrypted." His hands flew over the virtual keyboard. "Let's see it..."
The bed was huge. Tony had had it specially built and the bedding had to be tailored for it. Pepper had always said it made her feel like a Hollywood starlet sleeping her way to the top, and Tony had always responded with "casting couches are smaller." Now he pulled back the corner of the sheets and sat Steve down on the edge of the bed. "What's with the face fuzz?" he asked, rubbing a thumb against Steve's upper lip. He frowned. "Fuck it, that moustache is waxed."
Okoye touched his arm, but he had already seen it: the same blue-white flare of energy he had encountered on the Vicstar hangar roof. That one had been temporary, and he and Tony had speculated that the sniper had been carrying the controls that had both brought it into existence and let it self-destruct.
There was a hiss of annoyance from Bruce, but Steve just said, "How many people were broken tonight because I just happened to live in that apartment block?"
"Tony," Steve's voice was as low as he could make it and still be heard through the faceplate. "Call your armour back."
That was all well and good, but Tony had harboured – was still harbouring – a fugitive he knew had killed, destroying all the evidence of Steve's crime. He hadn't stopped there, but had put himself at risk to destroy government property. If Steve had understood him correctly that property had involved months, perhaps years, of other people's work.
"You were taking a chance there," Steve said. "One word from me and you would have been the one barred from eating Miranda's cooking ever again."
"Jarvis, security breech!" he said. "Fuck it, I thought I'd built some loyalty into your algorithms. Am I or am I not due some respect around here? Who created you, anyway?"
Finally, unable to escape from the inexorable logic, he had laid what he planned as the first of a series of traps. This morning he'd deliberately limited the number of people who'd known he would be in Seattle to two, and Jarvis.
Steve grinned. It had been a helluva ridiculous proposal, but Tony wasn't getting away now. "Of course," he said.
Just for a moment, Tony let himself revel in the feel of Steve's head resting on his shoulder, the softness of his hair against his cheek, the weight of a body hard with muscle... hard...
The coffee helped, and both smoothie and pancakes were excellent, though his stomach made his comments for him. He was lucky his companions were too polite to say anything.
"And that would make him useful to other interests," Steve said. "We know that certain elements in the Pentagon, Congress and the White House are working against us."
Tony swallowed bile as the vehicle powered onwards, unable to see anything, until, bursting out of the red cloud, he found himself almost on top of the main building.
"Not me. I'm the only reason you get to land at Seattle or access to the Stark Special Projects facility," Tony said easily. "I'll be in the suit, guarding all of you from attack by our enemies – whoever they turn out to be."
She was also one of his father's inspirations. He had seen brilliance in the struggling young lawyer and brought her into the Stark Industries fold, offering her promotion and recognition and a salary that had exceeded her wildest dreams.
If he hadn't been so annoyed, he could've asked Steve to come with him. Though did Steve have a passport? They certainly hadn't asked him for one at Stuttgart, but then Tony hadn't exactly had his with him, either. Well, he could have asked him to come to see him off. At least then he would have had someone to talk to...
There was a new, bright white light reflected in the glass and the mist, coming towards him. The footsteps were so soft on the thick carpet that only his super-soldier hearing let him detect them, or the moment they stopped.
Steve's jaw was set, his expression one of familiar stubbornness. "I was sure Bucky was in control. I know him. He's my oldest friend. My best friend. He saved me countless times before... before Rebirth, and after. He said he'd be with me until the end of the line. I had to do the same for him."
"Nor did I, until recently." Jan had leaned closer. "Tony, I'm worried. Hank's on the verge of an incredible breakthrough, but I'm sure he's in danger. We need your help..."
"Widow, Hawkeye, out you go. You'll be dropped behind the attackers. They only outnumber us about ten to one, so you should be fine. Outflank the bastards. Take your orders from Cap. He's already down."
"As I told you, Captain, he is in conference." The AI, which could probably deal with a hundred conversations at once, seemed distracted.
"Captain," Jarvis interrupted. "I have an unidentified aircraft on radar heading towards us at zero feet, bearing zero four nine, range two thousand yards, speed one hundred miles per hour."
Once out of the convertible, Steve waited until it had vanished into the trees, then moved off the road and started back down towards the local road. But with each step he became more nervous, his doubts about this course of action growing with every step. The decision to leave had been made on the spur of the moment, prompted by the events at Xavier's and the opportunity opened by Tony's actions.
Unwilling to show the relief that washed through him, Steve turned and stared south towards the Atlantic ocean, a small part of his mind wincing at the paucity of commercial shipping. Then movement just above the horizon beyond the Verranzo-Narrows Bridge caught his eye. It was too low and too slow for a plane, but far too big, surely, for a bird. "What's that?"
Tony didn't like the sound of that. But they hadn't captured either Steve or Okoye, and while Steve was free there was hope.
It's Iron Man and Captain America to the rescue... but shocks and a different kind of danger for Tony and Steve.
The vehicle had stopped in response to the sirens and two cops were hotfooting it towards them. Steve hurriedly closed his eyes and tried to make himself smaller, nudging the hammer until the blanket covered it, but closing his hand around the handle.
They shot away over what turned out to be an island, and since the passing wind seared his skin and he had to turn his head to one side to breathe, he was able to catch glimpses of a great city's lights behind them. A short time later and they were heading straight for the side of a low mound, crowned by a glowing building. A hatchway irised open for them, and, perhaps twenty seconds later, they were settling on a pad in the middle of a huge room, brightly lit and full of ordered machinery, some of which he could actually recognise.
The ripples, of course, meant that the wind was rising. Not that he was cold, between the steaming water and the overhead heaters.
He did wonder if Tony had noticed that the further they got from the cabin the more jumpy both of them became. If it had just been him, Steve would have understood it better, at least at first, because he didn’t know these woods. He could have easily become lost, but Tony could find his way home in the dark.
Tony waited for the next group to approach, and then beckoned them forward. Only one broke ranks in the rush back into the jungle – a middle-aged woman, short and portly, her hair elaborately dressed – and she ignored him and ran towards T'Challa.
"What they need is a helicopter," Jan decided. "If possible an amphibious one and even better if it's been used for air-sea rescue. There's a guy in Norfolk hires out retired Sikorsky Pelicans for marine research and oceanography. If necessary we can get a pilot for them too. You can leave getting both of them to me, Cap. But you'd better talk to Barton and Romanoff."
He had anticipated that he would run into language difficulties or, even worse, a security cordon that excluded him at the research centre but, though no one seemed to speak more than an odd word of any language he knew, he was greeted with obvious respect, and led quickly through the building.
"Your customised G650. You ought to know. You ordered it to LAX. And Steve Rogers apparently commandeered it using authority issued by you personally, before you – before we – when I should have been consulted before you—"
Steve led the way to the far door, opened it a crack and peered out, blinking in the comparative brightness of the artificial light. Beyond was a narrow passageway with a low suspended ceiling. The walls were plain rough-cast plaster in imitation of mud, and the light seemed diffuse, from an invisible source, but there were no other doors, and the corridor had... well, kinks... where it suddenly turned through ninety degrees.
"Tony, behave yourself!" she admonished him, as soon as she was released. However, she had kissed back with enthusiasm, so he ignored the protest.
"I didn't—" Steve started to protest, pushed onto the defensive. He caught himself in mid sentence, aware that he was facing off against Tony in the way he had promised himself he never would again.
Before Steve had time to untangle himself from Tony, the vehicle did another ninety-degree turn. Steve got a glimpse of a paved road below them; then they were rising into the jungle canopy.
Tony took great delight in flinging it around the curves of his own palm-fringed drive, though once out on the public highway he reduced the speed a little, and the Ferrari growled in protest at being restrained to only about thirty miles an hour over the speed limit.
"So you've replaced me with a computer program." The bitterness was no longer hidden. "And just who has replaced me in your bed, Tony?"
Steve glared at him, hating the way he couldn't see Tony's face, couldn't guess what he was thinking. Not that what Tony was thinking or feeling had been at all clear since – since his own return from Asgard, from death. "Yes, darn it, I feel like that," he snapped, "and Jarvis's first loyalty is to you. I know damn well that you have him watching me – have done since the beginning."
"Well, you know Hank. Meticulous doesn't begin to do him justice. He always hangs on to experimental evidence, even when he's promised not to, right back to his student days, all beautifully catalogued. When they moved, he and Jan left everything that wasn't relevant to their current experiments behind them. A few days ago, I was asked to take a look at what they'd left – someone has reminded the Trustees that there are privacy issues in respect of some biological samples.
Tony nodded. "Very recently. The Wakandans have – I was going to say 'been in contact' – but it was more of an interrogation, and they have also tried to compromise my computer systems. Being able to put a name to them is more recent."
"You bet. Can I come and visit with you in Avengers tower? And will you introduce me to the rest of the Avengers?"
"I don't know what happened in those places," Steve said, "but you push people into a corner and they stop playing by the rules. Like—"
"Nothing important. I was closing in on the flying sub," Tony explained. "Even though I'd knocked out the disintegrator, I was being cautious. But I wanted to get a proper look at that tech, so I was hoping to disable it. But the damn thing suddenly blew up. So I didn't."
And that was the paradox, because Tony was as real a person as he'd ever met; frighteningly intelligent, with a razor sharp wit and as many prickles as a porcupine, a reckless courage that made his continued survival miraculous, the arrogance and pragmatism he projected real enough, despite the way he used them to shield his idealism and compassion, just as he used his charm to conceal his ruthlessness.
"Vandenberg is Space Wing. Just where you'd expect them to send someone with Storm's training. Travis is mainly transport."
Jean had sighed with disappointment, offered little in the way of explanation to Summers, kissed Steve and Tony – and Gene, to his obvious astonishment – on the cheek, waved goodbye and left with the spandex-brigade via Illyana's unreliable transport. Tony could only hope they had returned to Xavier's safely.
He relinquished his armour to the bots and, with a normal-sized Jan silent at his side, made his way into the lounge area, with its raised curving bar, overstuffed sofas, and the floor-to-ceiling windows through which Loki had hurled him with intent to kill. The room was empty, but there were cheery voices not far away, and there were delicious scents fighting the air conditioning.
"Are you in danger?" Natasha asked. "If so, are you returning to New York or do you want back-up out there?"
He had a feeling that Virgil was thinking much the same thing because he only said, "I'll tell her she hasn't been dumped but I'll leave you to tell her why," and rang off.
Tony nearly said, "You haven't stopped talking," but held his peace. He used to be able to tune Pepper out, but it seemed he was seriously out of practice.
"Yes. I thought you knew that. It's a risk, but I'm thinking that manufacturing that element costs a fortune, but that there must have been a natural source available to my father and that, if we're totally honest, it might become available to us."
The Doombot staggered back, howling in fury, its unprotected hand blasted to smithereens. The artefact, unharmed, clattered to the floor.
Breathing hard, Tony slammed the door shut behind him and stepped away from the air-conditioned comfort into evening sunlight that slanted directly from the head of the valley as it fell to the west, bouncing from bare rock and reflecting blindingly off the water in the creek.
Fury. Oh, shit. He would undoubtedly provide them with someone to drive them back to their hotel, and, equally undoubtedly, take as much advantage of Tony's current lack of control as he could. There were far too many secrets the Director would love to know.
Whoever had spoken of the silence of the deep had never been there, Tony decided. Though he was plainly too deep for daylight – and unless the HUD clock had gone haywire as well it was full daylight above – the darkness was full of noises, louder than the pounding of blood in his ears, the wheezing of oxygen-low air into his lungs.
Not for the first time, Steve woke with a morning wood of monumental proportions and memories of dreams that all too frequently involved Tony – Tony in danger, Tony dying, Tony arguing with him, Tony fighting against and beside him, Tony in bed with him...
Steve saw no reason to hide his identity in the current circumstances. "I'm Captain Rogers," he said. "Iron Man's working partner. The voice belongs to Jarvis, Stark's... butler."
"Seventy years plus, Tony. Seventy years and there are still soup kitchens, in America. In New York. And there's still injustice and prejudice and nuclear weapons and terrorists and dictators – both of which our government has created and supported. Not to mention the interests destroying the planet for profit."
And the air was full of tiny, repulsor-missiles, the Jericho in all but name and size, swarming like fireflies towards the bear-dog thing which batted at them like a kitten trying to catch butterflies.
Steve opened his mouth to say, "No, let's go back to the hotel," but duty turned it into, "I guess that wouldn't do any harm."
"What about the challenge you mentioned earlier? The one where this person with the ridiculous name interfered?" Tony's questions were sharp.
The woman who had been sitting on the steps rose to her feet and made her way to join White Wolf, carrying her bowl. White Wolf bowed to her. She bowed back, then moved to one side, where a table or bench made of rich red wood and inlaid with what was almost certainly ivory had been placed.
"I don't know." Howard was frowning. "Some of those moves..." He shook his head. "I don't suppose Steve remembers where and how he learned to fight using techniques that didn't really impact on the west until the 1960s."
The top of the tower was a flat platform, surrounded by antennae. On that platform, a group of men, all looking excessively silly in what appeared to be yellow pyjamas, were clustered around some odd-looking machines.
Fandral nodded. "Thor is attracted to intelligence, almost as much as he is attracted to courage. The Allfather, however, does not consider a Midgardian mortal a suitable consort to the heir to Asgard's throne, and certainly not as the King of Asgard that Odin intends to make him. He therefore refused Thor's request and forbade him to return to Midgard save in the direst emergency, such as that of Loki's recent attempted invasion. He also issued an edict that no Midgardian should be brought to Asgard."
Tony, mindful of his father's all too obviously sensible instruction, plastered a cheerful look on his face as the doors of the elevator opened onto the workshop in the armoury. Pepper was still in the Rescue armour, but with the faceplate up and the gauntlets off. Her own cheerful expression was, he was sure, totally unforced.
"That was my purpose, to rejoin his shattered soul with ours." It was the artefact speaking to him, in his own voice: "He is whole now, though he only has the shreds of memory that cling to those splinters. You already had most of my soul. Now the rest of it can come home. This time, guard him well."
"I am extremely thankful, my dear," Clea said, pushing back the two long curls that had fallen onto her forehead, so they stood up above the rest of her hair like twisted horns. "And this is no time for any of us to quarrel."
Tony plastered his best shit-eating media-ready smile on his face and swung round. "Hi, Cap. How's it going for you?" It took an enormous effort to keep that smile in place, because Steve, standing beside the open elevator doors as if he wanted to retreat back into them, looked like hell. Oh, someone who didn't know him might not have noticed, but he was pale with extra lines on his face that weren't laughter lines. He had lost weight – and how was that even possible? His eyes, still that glorious blue, had always seemed sad but were now, frankly, miserable. And a little unfocused. He was also, Tony noted, wearing a pair of thin cotton slacks, sneakers, and a faded blue roll-neck. He carried a stained trench coat over one arm.
Tony was right behind her as she skidded to a stop and fell on her knees beside Captain America – their Captain America – reaching to feel for a pulse in his neck.
That made Tony laugh, then started him coughing, which, damn it, was so painful he wasn't able to conceal it.
"Hulk bring party to you!" he roared, but the voice was Bruce's, and his open mouth burned with the ice blue of the Tesseract portal, which reached out to engulf them, as the stars and gravestones swirled and Steve's body dissolved in his arms...
They emerged in front of a short flight of steps, which they ascended into a circular room so large it seemed to disappear into the distance. Steve had an impression of stunning modernity, of glass and marble, wood and steel, with the soft noise of falling water somewhere and a flicker of flame reflecting from the curving windows.
"It says she saw me on TV and recognised me. That she doesn't want to see me – doesn't want me to see her the way she is now – but does want to hear from me. It asks me to call or write. That maybe I ought to contact her ... her great-niece, Sharon, who is apparently working for SHIELD. She's supposed to have given Peggy my address."
Despite the irritation, Tony ignored the AI. His life depended on the arc reactor and he dared not rest until he figured out how it had been disabled, not to mention how he had survived what Jarvis had calculated was a devastating loss of power. He could not afford a repeat, particularly as he had a feeling they were going to run into the Wicked Witch of Nornland again.
"I'm going to reprogram that A.I.," Tony muttered but his heart wasn't really in it. Indeed, if Steve could be diverted by this idea he ought to be grateful. Anything was better than confessing his real suspicions to him. He raised his voice, "Rhodes still has the War Machine armour. I need to keep tabs on it."
The faceplate was gone, probably torn off by Thor, who was looming behind Natasha. She sat back on her heels, looking relieved, while Thor's face broke into a huge grin.
"I'll drink to that idea," Clint responded. "But Stark, whether or not this guy is related to Coulson – and I think he may be – he's definitely fishing, whether it's for the government, SHIELD, Homeland Security or the Veterans' Association."
Howard ended his tour – which Steve noted did not include the 'armoury' – on the long, wide balcony that swept around three quarters of the house – mansion – with a whole panorama of city skyscrapers, river estuary, and islands laid out in front of them. On a clearer day he supposed they might even be able to see the ocean – the 'Atlantic' according to Howard.
Steve whirled and ran back into the bedroom. He didn't even bother to try the door to the rest of the penthouse – if he was indeed there – which he was sure Jarvis had locked, but stood looking about him.
Thor did not answer the question. He said, instead, "Steven needs to be with his friends, and I am bound by my sworn word to take him back to Midgard. Odin would have him imprisoned here, a punishment he does not deserve."
"Doctor Jane Foster," Steve said, remembering a conversation he had had with Tony. "She's one of the most brilliant astrophysicists on Earth – Midgard."
Steve thought, and quickly excused himself to Dr Foster. He would have to talk to Natasha and Clint, but first he needed to leave a message for Tony to call him as soon as he was free.
Relief swept through Tony. He deliberately gave her his most charming smile. "I would be delighted if you would call me Tony. And if it wasn't for Bruce I'd make an absolute exception for tall and incredibly beautiful brunettes."
Nor was this the only corpse on the mud flat. Though it was still dark and the stars and lights of the building were hazy, probably because the atmosphere contained smoke and smog, he could see surprisingly clearly, easily locating the dark bodies against the darker mud.
Tony looked towards the looming machine Vita-ray machine with its human-shaped tank and there was a reckless glint in his eye. "It is very tempting, isn't it?"
The instant Steve's hand had closed on the armour's shoulder he felt the metal remould itself around his fingers. As Iron Man rose into the air, a hatch, less than an inch across, opened in the shoulder plate and a stalk emerged, the bulge at its end unfolding like a flower over Steve's face, as thin and light as paper, transparent over the eyes, protecting him from the battering of the wind and easing the difficulty of breathing as the armour accelerated.
In the event, he didn't bother. There were several sets of unidentified fingerprints on the letter, but the real surprise was the envelope, which only boasted a single set, different from those on the letter itself.
Instantly, Steve was properly awake, and tumbled in an avalanche of memory, all too aware of what he had said and done – what Tony had said and done.
With a growl of annoyance, he shoved back the bedcovers, and groaned. Every muscle he had was creaking and his chest, already constricted by the ARC reactor, ached with every breath.
Even though Thor had not physically been there, without his voice the room seemed empty. Tony was still working on the StarkPad, brows drawn together in concentration, and Steve wasn't sure whether he was doing something important or simply avoiding a confrontation. He hoped it was the latter, because he could not let this rest. "So, Asgardian witch," he said. "Who does not know that you 'still live'."
Tony looked down at the face that appeared a moment later and frowned. It was familiar but not immediately identifiable. "I'm not— Oh, wait. Of course. It's Coulson's grandfather. At least, that's who he said he was at the funeral. Whether or not that's true, I had him tagged as an agent, for SHIELD or for something military. But turns out I'm not good at spotting those. Not even when I'm living with one."
Wind clutched at them. Jan was still hanging onto him, her head buried in his chest, and he was forced to put his free arm around her. Turning his head towards the front of the plane he saw Shuri and Betty, each with one hand hanging on to a handrail, the other holding the parachute harness, lift the prisoner between them, and fling him through the open hatch—
Once the horror ceased, Tony dug the shield into the ground in front of him to stop himself sliding any further and sat down hard, staring at the carnage that had been one of his creations and a human being, though now it was impossible to separate what was left of them.
Tony had no practice at dealing with emotional secrets. He'd left that kind of thing to Rhodey and his father. The only person he knew who was worse at it was Pepper.
. Everything was in its place, tidy, locked away, ready for use but not without a bit of recommissioning.
Once he located the pulse in Tony's neck and found it strong and steady, he flopped down beside him, listening to the almost-inaudible hum of the arc reactor and the sound of Tony's breathing as his own steadied.
"I have no time to wait for him to arrive – if he ever does," Hunter said. He took a small case from one of the pouches on his belt and opened it to reveal a syringe filled with a clear liquid. He frowned down at it. "Are you positive this will work, North?"
Steve had been fighting this for so long – for almost all the time he remembered being alive – that part of him was simply relieved to be free of desire, at least for a little while. The other part – the majority part, if the truth was told – was worried about something else he ought to have thought about before he started this... or allowed Tony to start it. He wasn't quite clear about who had taken the initiative, but looking into Tony's open and relaxed face, he knew who should be taking responsibility.
It was that wistful note that gave Steve the nerve to say, "Play for me now, Tony. Replace the bad memories with new ones."
Jan stroked a hand through his hair. "All sorts of reasons. Because you're the nearest thing to a big brother I ever had. Because I'm not a tall blonde, and neither are you."
"Didn't see anything projecting it: just that light show." They were beyond the airbase now and gaining height.
Yet it had. Much as he enjoyed the flight, he would still rather be back at the hotel and in bed with him.
"No one in their right mind objects to Steve," Tony said, with a theatrical leer at the man in question. "And, yes, you're right about our location. Warn Hank, Jan. He can be kinda blind when it comes to his friends. And he's not as nosy as you."
"Guess it's magic," Natasha replied. "Sorcerers live in style. That's one hell of a Victorian mansion."
"If you mean have the ladies you brought home last night become bored and left then, no, sir. They are still in the penthouse. Captain Rogers has made them breakfast and—"
The long curve of the reception desk appeared deserted. Jarvis hadn't dropped the screens, and the damage was high above it so Tony believed – hoped, prayed – that everyone behind it had followed their instincts and dropped to the floor behind the desk.
"I'm lousy at hand to hand," Tony admitted. "Happy tried to teach me to box, but then Natasha flattened him without trying. Hey." He nudged Steve with his elbow. "Who would win a fight between you two?"
"I'm going..." Steve turned away, his shoulders slumping, his voice unexpectedly bitter. "I should have known you wouldn't understand."
"You need your sleep," Tony said. "Don't fuss about it. A few more days and you'll be fighting fit."
"Maybe. I think he's working his way around to accepting that I'm the original Captain America, but he's too polite to ask outright for confirmation. His grandfather helped your father and, through him, me. That should count in our favour – though I'm still not completely convinced we should be taking sides."
Tony's eyes shot open. The sun was setting over the Pacific, flooding the room with slanting rose-coloured light.
Then the sky was steady above him and Tony realised, far too late, that once again Steve was throwing himself between him and danger, whatever the cost.
Well, if he wanted upgrading, he should ask. He had, after all, stolen the War Machine armour in the first place.
"Either the guys in there are watching hot porn or something's wrong," Tony said. "Stand back, Cap. I'm going to laser the lock—"
It was moving slowly, in a wide spiral, one of the rotors plainly out of commission. Even as he watched, another feathered then cut out.
"That's a surprise, but believe me, you're gonna love it. I'll be back as soon as I can – certainly by tonight. With all four of you here plus Nat and Clint working on the unencrypted files, I expect you will have solved everything by the time I get back." Tony's last words were spoken from the top of the stairs to the workshop. Not long afterwards, Iron Man took off, heading north.
For a second, the bluntness of the question shook Tony's composure. "What?" Then he gathered enough wit to respond, "No, sir, I haven't."
Tony yawned elaborately. "They'll get bored and go eventually, particularly if they aren't fed. So stop feeding them, Steven."
"Do that and you won't get into the elevator, let alone the pentho—" Tony deliberately broke off that sentence, dropped eye contact with Hennis for an instant, then started another. "Shoot anyone and my CEO and the legal department will see you in jail for so long y—" This time it was a hand over his mouth that cut him off.
They were in a small laboratory; no doubt its design had once been futuristic, with a huge bank of computers that Tony calculated had about zero point two percent of the computing power of his StarkPhone. Other equipment was shrouded in dustsheets.
"Sonofabitch!" It was a curse that Tony, so free with the f word, only resorted to in revelation. "Stay where you are. Look after Jan and Betty. I'm on my way east."
Nowadays, much as various churches railed against it, it was acceptable, even in the Army. Against God's law? Tony didn't believe in God and Steve, who did, wasn't sure that any religious leader today knew what God's law was, or even whether he had laid down any law at all. SHIELD's chaplain had been a witch, for pity's sake, who had smiled benevolently and told him that, "An' you harm no one, do what you will."
He'd get the answers later. Meanwhile, he followed Stark into a large kitchen that looked more like a mad scientist's laboratory, where an older man – not that he was old – was sliding fried eggs onto plates that already contained bacon and hash browns.
It was one of the round, not-huts that he had observed on the way in, linked to the main building by a verandah-like walkway raised maybe four feet above the baked earth.
"If what is causing this is physical, I will find it," the doctor said. "If not, then our friend here will have to apply her 'heal the spirit to heal the body' philosophy though it will be interesting to see her attempt it on an unconscious man."
"Tony asked me to produce evidence of what had happened to Peggy Carter," Natasha said. "He also asked me to keep Sharon – who is Peggy's great-niece and your only link to her – away from you, Cap. I have my own suspicions about his motives, which probably aren't in your best interests."
There was a long pause. It was Fury who broke it. "What guarantees do I have that I'll get my people back?"
"The hell you say! Bellini's withdrawn his agents and I've got the whole shebang locked down on their orders. What do you want me to do?"
Facing them was a large man in what seemed to be some form of flexible armour, all white, with a long-nosed full-face mask below an eared cowl. Two short swords were thrust into his weapons belt but, for the first time, Tony saw an unmistakeable gun butt protruding from a holster, though the weapon itself was one he did not recognise. He might have been impressive but for the massive curves of the shoulder pads – though they might also be armour – and a cape hanging to his knees behind him.
He was on the floor of the penthouse in Avengers – no, once again Stark – Tower, cradled against Tony's chest, a gentle hand stroking his hair. And that hand... Tony's hand... was trembling?
"Figures. But, hey, man, I've been wanting to talk to you. That was a great idea to call up that missile and steer it through the portal," Rhodes said, "but it was also a helluva risk, buddy."
"I am housed in a number of computers, Captain. In fact, you could say that I am all of Stark Industries computers. It amuses Mr Stark to refer to me as the butler. I am always here, to assist you if you require it."
"I could ask the same of you, sir. Despite you being within satellite coverage, you vanished completely from my tracking. When will you be arriving?"
By the time they were through the door, Jan was in the process of seating herself on the bed. She looked from Tony to Steve and said, brightly, "Been celebrating, boys? So were we."
"Stay with them. Get the gear dismantled and everything packed. But while you're doing that, get Doctor Selvig to upload everything he knows about the portal mechanism to my servers via satellite. He has the necessary access. As for getting you out of there, there'll be half a dozen trucks entering your site separately within two hours. Take the third to arrive and head north until you're sure you aren't being followed, then turn west. I'll be in touch. I'm counting on you to protect your people, Thor."
The first thing Tony did after seeing Marilyn into the express elevator was to storm into Pepper's office, waving her PA aside.
"Told you that," Steve said sleepily, but there was an answering smile on his face. He reached out to cup Tony's face with one hand, concealing a wince because his bruised muscles had stiffened and the scabs on his back were pulling as he moved.
"I can sympathise," Steve told her. "I wanted to be a commercial artist, but the war got in the way."
"No one will if the damn things are going to blow sky high. However, he—" the other Colonel, who Tony had greeted as Velasco, jerked his thumb at Fury "—knows something. He just ain't telling."
"Yeah. Sure. Well, right now, I want you to do nothing more than put that enhanced memory to the test again."
"Hank's coming round," Jan told them, from the other side of the room. "Steve, examine Tony first. He's got a history of concealing injuries."
His disappointment at his continuing lack of memory was shocking. Had he somehow expected to recover memory while he slept? If so, it hadn't happened, though every moment since he had woken in restraints was pin sharp.
Even before he saw something huge and green and all too familiar bulldozing through the rain and the remains of the crowd.
It was followed by a shout of surprise over the comms, loud enough to be echoed from the cavernous depths of the hangar.
"Oh." After a moment, though, Sif's frown turned to a smile. "It is of no moment. Thor and I have been lovers in the past and will be again. He and Jane will have their time together but when she dies of old age, he and I will still be young."
"According to Howard Stark, it doesn't affect anything at all," Steve confirmed. "I'm not sure why he thought it dangerous, if he did."
Steve was kneeling beside him, his features ghostly in the light of the ARC reactor. "Thank God," he said. "I thought for a moment..." He stopped short, turning his head as the underground chamber was filled with the horribly familiar grinding noise. "What?" He lifted a flashlight Tony hadn't even realised he was holding and pointed it to illuminate the stairs concertinaing into the cliff and the lack of what had, undoubtedly, been an opening at the top of the stairs.
So, ignoring him, Natasha had given her life for the Soul Stone, for Clint and the Dusted and who was to say she was wrong.
This time last year he'd never had a drink, but then at this time last year he, Pepper and Rhodey had been battling the invading Makluan, not to mention having their secret identities exposed later the same day. It had also been the first time he kissed Pep, even if it had only been a peck on the cheek.
Tony ignored that; Pepper did not have to know about his first disastrous encounters with Steve. "SHIELD did not find Cap. The Russians found the Skull's craft. They called the nearest scientific base, which happened to be one of ours. The base called Washington, who sent out a military team, which included a SHIELD agent, and he contacted Fury, who sent an aircraft to secure the site and leased the
"Too many people knew that secret already," Tony said and, Christ, he could so easily have told Pepper, but it was only by promising Bruce that he would keep the information to himself that he had finally persuaded him to accept the Oklahoma refuge. He kept to the letter of that by not telling Hank and Jan – and later, Steve – where they were going before taking them there. "But it's a place that's no longer as safe as it might be. When we find Bruce, I'm going to try to persuade him to stay at Avengers' Tower – if you were there, it might make that task easier. And the facilities are great."
"You can reassure your boss that I'm happy with the present arrangement and that I'm not in need of cash."
It was a restricted view but the face was the one he had expected, one which had stared at him from magazine covers and computer screens for the last half a dozen years, but even without the publicity he would have had no trouble recognising the pre-teen who had once sneaked into one of his supercars in the vivacious, twenty-year old brunette.
"I never actually met Zola," Steve said absently. "Phillips dealt with him." His expression sharpened. "This is something to do with those files, yes?"
"Cooled drinking water in the bathroom, sir," the disembodied voice replied, with the very faintest air of exasperation.
"Not me. I'm merely an emissary. From the ruler of Wakanda. He is willing to trade your agents, who entered Wakanda without passports or visas—"
It wasn't a police helicopter or, indeed, like any helicopter Steve had ever seen. It was flying far too fast for any ordinary helicopter, dropping almost vertically from the sky, and those weren't machine guns or rockets it was deploying below its belly, but something he had never seen before... The only recognisable part of whatever-it-was was a lens, maybe five feet across.
There was no arguing with that. "Okay, but for Heaven's sake find yourself a first aid kit and deal with that cut before it gets infected," Steve ordered.
His father's palms were coated in grey-white dust. Tony looked down at his bare arms, where the shape of his father's hands showed clearly as smudges on a thin white crust...
There was no weight. The abyss was gone. So were the wind and the snow and the thunder of the train. He couldn't see Bucky, couldn't see anything, but both his hands were now being held, and he lay face downwards, on something soft.
Tony said, consideringly, "I'm pretty sure that Peggy's dead, otherwise SHIELD wouldn't have tried to convince you she wasn't. The funeral parlour's records seem to be untampered with and the gravestone was slightly weathered, the grave undisturbed. There's no way SHIELD could have arranged that in a few hours, though I've sent scans to Jarvis to conduct verification checks. I think that, yes, Peggy Carter is buried here, but that just creates a new problem."
Enhanced it in other ways too, which was rapidly becoming a problem. He wanted Steve, wanted him with an intensity that was scaring him rigid.
A warrior – the one who had thrown his spear at Tony, presumably – had just landed only feet away, blade in hand.
As the elevator travelled down to the garage, JARVIS said: "I admit to a certain amount of curiosity. Are you from the past or the future? Or from another reality?"
His Van Dyke, now neatly trimmed if a little short, was growing in properly, and he was delighted with it. Steve, on the other hand, continued to shave, though his head hair was now nearly two inches long and was looking untidy. Tony's urge to run his fingers through it grew stronger the longer it grew...
For a moment there was no sound except harsh breathing, and Tony didn't know if it was Pepper's or his. That had cut him to the quick, probably because it was true.
Cap's shield was lying perhaps ten feet away, the remnants of its canvas case smouldering in the grass around it. The paint job wasn't even scorched so it was probably no more than warm.
Steve reached out and grabbed Tony's wrist, intending to pull him down on the bed, but the expression on the other man's face stopped him cold. He said, "Tony. I don't want to be alone here. You don't have to— Please, just stay."
Steve chose his words carefully: "I sometimes wonder what would have happened to me if you hadn't made that offer, the night of the Battle of New York. Or if you hadn't dragged me back when I tried to take off, only the guy with the ornithopter—"
Steve was waiting by the elevator as Tony and T'Challa approached. Before he had even opened his mouth to speak, Tony said, "You know what they say about eavesdroppers, Cap," before ducking under the arm Steve reached for him, and into the elevator, leaving the two Wakandans staring questioningly at Steve.
Storm, meanwhile, had shouldered his way past Danvers, T'Challa and Shuri to confront Tony. "What the fuck is this about Sue's DNA?"
There was a flutter of wings. Jan appeared, full sized, in front of him, and he could not tell if her face was running with rain or tears. A small hand fell on the armour's arm. "Oh, Tony, I'm sorry. We all liked him so much. The Hulk?"
It was only now that he really believed the assurances he had been given that Tony was still alive and that Heimdall would send them where they needed to go.
Two more men had emerged from the SUV. Both were wearing khaki shirts and knee-length shorts that were plainly a uniform. They turned out to be representatives of Wakandan Customs and Immigration.
And now the not-sky, not-lake were streaked with flashes of other colours, first red, then blue, then purple and finally green.
Steve hesitated and, for a moment, Tony was sure he had totally blown it, but the idea of being warm and clean as well as fed was plainly irresistible. Steve took Tony's hand and allowed himself to be hauled to his feet, and then up a short flight of steps.
It was time to go. But he would miss Tony's company, and who would have predicted that, when they met in that square in Stuttgart?
move, lady, and I shoot." The voice was Betty's. She was standing in the shadow of the palm trees, braced, with a Stark Special rock steady in both hands, pointed straight at the pilot. "Drop the gun."
"Stark, Wakanda doesn't officially exist. It's not recognised by the UN or by the World Security Council."
"Guess I can stay here then," Steve said softly. "Jarvis, lights out, please. No calls, no alarms – we're sleeping late."
Charles Xavier came walking across the sand towards him. Here he was a younger man, tall when out of the chair, with a mobile expression and a head of brown curls. Jean stood some distance away, and she looked older, her long red hair lifting about her like flames, as if she, out of all three of them, was surrounded by wind.
The sword was scabbarded no longer. A long blade flashed out, cutting right through the gun and bisecting the body of the man who held it. As head and shoulders toppled away from the clean cut, the lower half of the body collapsed. Iron Man's jets stopped him in his tracks, as he absently repulsored three of the men who were trying to rush past the warrior while he was busy with the others. Not that they lasted long.
"Why? It isn't your fault you're you. Or that my Dad was right about someone for once in his life." Tony didn't sound angry, but the resignation in his voice was dreadful. "Or that I couldn't see past that before it was too late."
"Not to climb into Richards' spacecraft she wasn't!" Tony retorted. "I don't know what this is about, Betty, but it worries me. Don't talk about this beyond Jan and Hank."
The underwater concussion wave grabbed him and tumbled him through the water, then lifted him twenty, thirty feet into the air, before finally dumping him so hard he felt muscle and bone creak, every molecule of air forced from his lungs.
The stranger looked askance at Hank, and shifted the rifle on his arm, as if finding that reassuring. "What happened to your side windows?"
She jumped up onto the parapet, then took a flying leap beyond it, into the air, spinning as she fell, and kicking out to knock North's gun aside.
There was another oddity; those pyjamas ought to be flapping in a high wind. In fact, everyone on the tower, and possibly the tower itself, should have been swept away by now, even if they had not been struck by one of the tornadoettes.
Tony reached out with Extremis as they rolled sideways, realising was Steve trying to avoid crashing through the roof. Trusting that Jean had this, he cut the power to the boot jets.
The first questions were easily fielded. No, he had no idea where the beast had come from. He'd been visiting the research facility at Stark Air Specialists when the report had come in of the creature attacking a school bus in the Beacon Hill area – the driver had sensibly put his foot flat on the gas pedal and ignored traffic laws. Iron Man had arrived in time to divert its attention and then kill it. Yes, he had informed the authorities.
As Tony rolled away he heard the 'thwok' of a bowstring and the crackle of high voltage electricity, whether from the arrow or the Widow's Bite he wasn't sure. Just behind that came the unmistakable sound of a gun, probably silenced, because he couldn't locate the source, but the target was immediately obvious by the thud of a falling body and a call from Nat to Clint in a language he didn't know.
"Well, that can be remedied right now." A hand cupped Steve's chin, lifting his head and pulling him up without any resistance. Then Tony's mouth was on his, soft and undemanding, until Steve began to kiss him back, at which point it became the exact opposite.
As a distraction, he turned to look at Tony who was still, after over four hours on the road, driving with verve and precision. It was pure pleasure to watch his competent hands on the wheel, the concentration of his eyes on the road.
"And the engineers are on triple time." Tony spread his hands. "Look, they don't have to work weekends. But if they're going to come in anyway, they need to be paid the proper rate. And if they yell for me to sort something out for them, I can hardly refuse."
"There's been no indication of it," Natasha said. "Though I'm sure she is as interested as anyone else in making use of the Avengers and Stark's tech. It's possible she knows of the aims but not the illegal methods being used, particularly with the election so close and her interests focused elsewhere."
On the other hand, Jan was a different kind of smart, closer to his own kind, perhaps. Still brilliant, but more practical, and certainly more savvy about human relations. If she trusted Betty, Steve was willing to follow her lead.
"Then take your happiness while you may." Thor rose to his feet. "I will come to your tower when I can and perhaps Jane will come with me. Now, though, I must make my peace with her. As you must with Steven."
"You couldn't see my face in this light," Tony told him. "But a sniper with a night vision scope could. So we'll leave things as they are." Then, as Fury took a step towards him: "No, stay right there." His shields were at full strength, but there was still the possibility of an EMP attack at this range, though Jarvis was keeping a continual scan and could commandeer the armour if necessary.
There were three riders, and they drew up in a swirling group; Thor, on a tall red animal with a mane and tail that shone gold under the stars, the Lady Sif on the fiery black, and a green clad, green cloaked man on a pale grey that seemed to merge into the background of the fog that clothed the city. The latter leaped down, throwing back his hood to reveal himself as Fandral.
"The names of those the Avengers think are part of group planning a coup d'état here are now on Julia's laptop, which is more secure than yours. And she's been using yours to monitor what I've been saying," Tony said. "Trust us both, Alison."
"Okay. Let's do this." Tony lifted higher and sped across the invisible border to land neatly and without fuss beside a black-clad figure, who no doubt thought himself almost invisible in the deepening dusk.
Tony fought down a rush of sympathy. "Ah, yes. The White House and the Pentagon would both object to 'Captain America'."
"Yeah. Well, I need to finish downloading this – so will either Jan or Steve fill me in right now on what the pair of you were up to with Danvers and Storm yesterday?"
"The Chitauri themselves are the same mixture of mechanical and semi-living tissue as the Leviathans, right down to their not-exactly-cellular structure. Probably to their equivalent of DNA, if I could find it. Which I can't. I presume they are neuter, just like the Leviathans, because they have no trace of reproductive organs. If anything, they appear to have been, well, built... or maybe
There wasn't so much thunder in the air as a deep mutter, almost into infrasound levels, so you felt it in your teeth and the soles of your feet and your very bones.
"I believe them to be African," Howard continued, "and from a highly advanced civilisation. There are rumours of a hidden city. I've recorded the details in the file on your shield."
But it was strange that they hadn't interrogated either of them, given that they had a very effective truth drug. If they wanted the arc reactor or the armour tech that was the swiftest way to get it.
Steve nodded. "I said I would have liked to have been there, and she said, 'Which is why Tony made no attempt to let you – or anyone else – know. I have no doubt that his conversations with Natasha and Agent Barton are going to be uncomfortable.' Though I'm pretty sure she was going to use another name before she said 'Natasha'."
"You wouldn't do that. It was just sex," Tony said. "You wanted it, I wanted it. God, I wanted it. I
Tonight, though, only his Dad would be there. Which was a relief because his friends would have been as bored as he was going to be.
He remembered telling Iron Man that he didn't need a doctor or a hospital, that he would recover within hours – an exaggeration, but Stark didn't need to know that – but not much else.
Tony had slept for nearly ten hours at the start of the flight and was now more alert than either of them had any right to expect. It could not be far from sunrise here, some seven hours ahead of Eastern Standard Time
"You can't call Pepper or Jim Rhodes average," Howard said. "And couldn't even before they went to college. I'm not sure Happy Hogan is either. Wait until you meet them."
Tony nodded. "Just about anything Chitauri will explode when it meets this substance, which may or may not be alien.
It seemed only fair to turn his head and remark to Steve, "Nah, they would have had angry sex and then make-up sex." Even as he spoke he wondered where his control had gone. Steve's expression had frozen, and the hand on Tony's back stilled, as if he was in shock.
"Sir, this area of Washington has a concentrated night life, and the District of Columbia's crime rate is approximately three times the national average."
The Stark Industries/Anthony E. Stark lawsuits against the government were issued before the Pentagon actually asserted its 'rights' in respect of the super-soldier process and the name and costume attached to 'Captain America'. The whole mess seemed to be destined for the Supreme Court, probably in twenty years time.
The woman he had rescued was on her feet beside the closed gates, looking quite commendably composed.
"Why did you buy a bar, Tony?" Bruce asked, with the resigned air of a man who knows he is feeding someone a straight line.
"Well, we weren't, not exactly. Colonel Danvers asked a favour of Tony Stark. There's a question we wanted to ask you about your sister, so he asked her to trace you and ask it. She went to your last C.O., who's a friend of hers. He told her you'd been shanghaied. She came to us looking for help and, between us, we managed to trace you here. Colonel Danvers and Captain Rogers are going to come into the open so you can see them. Please don't shoot at them. It'll only cause more trouble."
"Surely I'm not the obvious person—" Tony, he knew, didn't have a family, at least one he cared to associate with. The SHIELD security report on his cousin Morgan had been scathing and one of the few things about Tony that had merited its approval was his contempt for the man. "Why haven't you called his friends?"
"No. I'll call for something a little healthier from the kitchens." It had been a surprise to Steve that the excellent food that arrived on request turned out to be available twenty-four hours a day and seven days a week in the Tower's staff restaurants, at so heavily subsidised a price that many staff ate three meals a day there. SI employees were not only well paid, but had the highest quality benefits which, according to Tony, was simply good business practice, and, according to Pepper, kept their turnover rate at an industry low.
He carefully turned what he hoped was one hundred and eighty degrees and swam back along his previous path.
Whatever argument Tony had expected it had not been that. He'd been all prepared to explain DNA analysis, but that wasn't going to help right at this moment.
"Just observation," Tony retorted. "And since yesterday evening you people haven't been on my list of priorities. Someone sent the War Machine armour to kill us."
"You haven't got your uniform. Or any clothes, actually," he added, with a wicked grin, letting his gaze linger; a naked Captain America was a memory to treasure. He wondered if he'd escape alive if he took a tug at the towel. It might even be worth it. "And Jarvis wouldn't have operated the elevator for you. It wasn't a Life Model Decoy because we don't have one for you. So it had to be a hologram, admittedly one that you were voicin—".
That same fear was already clouding his thoughts, though he had no heart to beat faster, no hormones to trigger a panic attack, only the memory of dreadful pain as the Infinity Gauntlet burned his flesh, seared it to the bone.
empathy." Then, as Steve started to protest, "I don't mean he doesn't care, but that he can't mentally walk in your – in anyone else's – shoes. Steve, his AI had to remind him to call me when he was being heroically suicidal."
"Jarvis, there are nine people in the lobby with guns, together with five times as many of my employees, and an unknown number of visitors who may or may not be clients. If I went in wearing the suit, how many innocents would be alive afterwards?"
Which was now right in front of him. In his moment's hesitation before turning aside, Tony had taken the opportunity to grasp his arms and hold him still.
Pepper smiled at him with real affection. "I do hope you're right, Steve. Now, please finish those pastries before I'm tempted to eat one."
Steve's slow smile, which Tony had never expected to see again, lit his face. "You mean apart from go to bed with you?
A woman was speaking, her accent English but with an unexpected intonation that he thought he ought to recognise. "Tell his friends that I have examined him thoroughly. I can find no physical reason for his continuing unconsciousness. He is not in a coma, but in very deep sleep. This may be an effect of the healing factor he is said to possess. He is, however, in pain. The seat of that seems to be moving, though my scans detect nothing."
"Last time I saw her, she was in SHIELD custody," Tony said defensively. "Though they didn't hold onto her for more than five minutes."
Natasha cleared her throat. "And that's another thing. It was bad enough when the Avengers Initiative was under the control of SHIELD – and Defence already hated losing control of
"That she was shovelling info in SHIELD's direction, which was then leaking to all and sundry. Come on, don't look so damn innocent, because I don't believe it for an instant. She hired you."
Tony rode the blow, twisting to his feet, ready to run. He had one advantage now; the disguised opening in the left hand wall that Jarvis controlled – with nothing but air beyond. He'd gone through a window before now, though that had been higher up the building, but this time Jarvis would have the Iron Man armour waiting right outside.
"You should have killed them," Okoye stated, looking down with distaste at the mixture of dead (her own victims) and unconscious (Steve's) scattered about her.
Natasha held out a hand, "Natasha Romanoff, sometimes known around here as Natalie Rushman and professionally as the Black Widow, spy and assassin. And thank you for your assistance."
That much Tony already knew, and was well aware that it was only a small part of the truth. All the same, he nodded. "Being an Avenger – a legitimate Avenger – means a great deal to Natasha. And she's a pragmatist. But she cares for you. She called me. I was expecting you. I still have enough credit with the powers that be to help you: but first you gotta let go of the past or there's no one on Earth who can."
"Key question," Tony said, with a nod in Steve's direction. "And the 'leviathans' aren't the only things you have to worry about, though they are, by far, the worst danger. Fury, what did you use for your test?"
"Yeah, well, loss and shock, y'know, can be exploited. Give a man in that position something familiar an' he'll hang onto it for dear life." There was something in his voice that suggested he might be speaking from personal experience. "So Fury let him think he was still in the Army, with back pay, held out links to the past, gave him an apartment in Brooklyn, a bit of fatherly advice, a lot of rope..."
Damn it, that was not only a holographic projection, it was the one of the Hulk from the Avengers strategy program he had created for Steve, magnified to life size, given weight and substance—
"Bless you, but I'm just being an anxious grandma," Marilyn told him. "You look after yourself. At least until you get this will signed. Bye."
The moustaches were twirled again. "A matter of some debate, as Odin rides abroad on Sleipnir, seeking news of Loki's allies, and Frigga rules in his stead. She welcomed you as her son's friend and shield-brother. Also, you were dead, and could not request, dissent or demur. You bear no blame."
"The next item is the resignation of our CEO, Ms Viriginia Potts." Tony was not sure how he kept his voice steady, with every eye in the room on him, all curious and watching for weakness. "I received this in writing just before we convened – and that timing—"
Tony squinted at him. "I keep forgetting how little you actually know about my past. Obie – Stane – was the one who really ran the company after Dad's death. He... was like a favourite uncle, you know. But he was also the one who arranged my little sojourn in Afghanistan, in an attempt to steal the company and keep on selling my tech to terrorists. When I got back, he stole the arc reactor out of my chest and used it to power his own version of Iron Man, just about twenty times bigger."
Friday had darkened the windows, cutting out the dull winter daylight. The long staple cotton sheets were cool to bare skin – and Steve's skin felt as cold, unlike the last time when they had shared a bed. Then he had been better than an electric blanket in the unheated farm bedroom.
At that, Steve snorted, and headed for the workshop. His quick return, with Tony in tow, sent Jan's eyebrows climbing into her hair.
"We came in first chance we had," Jan said, her voice quiet and soothing. Ignoring Tony's attempts to wave her aside, she helped him take off the gauntlets. "We'd been sitting on that damn airstrip for hours with no sign of you or Steve or any human life, though ants were reporting lots of humans to Hank. Even after you'd contacted Jarvis, we couldn't find you. Then, suddenly, everything changed and there were
When Steve didn't move, she dropped suit-and-sunglasses' arm, and Betty perforce had to drop the other.
"The laboratories in the research centre will be heavily guarded," Okoye warned, though she did not look displeased. "By Hatut Zeraze as well as these outsiders."
Okoye's response was equally sharp. "If you had waited a few more seconds at the Panther God's temple I would have briefed you on that."
Stomping out of Pepper's office suite, Tony took the elevator to his workshop, where he switched on the mobile phone, threw it onto a workbench, and addressed Jarvis. "This mobile phone was sent to me by Romanoff. It's supposed to contain an urgent message, but it will be encrypted. The Black Widow apparently thinks that you and I can crack it."
"Ah," Fandral said, with satisfaction. "That fits in with what Thor has told us. He had asked Heimdall, who can see most things that pass in the Nine Worlds, to watch for danger not only to his lady, Jane Foster, but to his comrades who fought against Loki."
"Nope. And the answer is: probably, if I get to shower with you," Steve answered, picking up his duffle, which he had carefully not loaded into the SUV. It occurred to him that he was getting to know Tony far too well.
No wonder Tony doesn't like me, Steve thought. I've obviously been held up as some sort of paragon. Aloud, he said, "Well, if the five of us can't come to a unanimous decision—"
He opened an eye a slit, and finally identified where he was: in his workshop at the Tower, which explained why Pepper wasn't chewing him out.
"Out of your reach," Tony said. Also true. He hoped. At least his words might ease the pressure on Steve.
They were wasting time. And would be until Jan wore him down. Short answer: forget the argument. "Okay, Wasp, get your ass and our listening device down there. Make damn sure you stay out of sight."
"And you said nothing? You let me drag you about the sky, spent the rest of the day and half the night moving bodies and rubble? Dear God, Cap, wasn't that suicide attempt off the hangar roof enough for you?"
"Don't you have work to do, Tony?" Bruce had enquired, from the safety of his lab. "I don't need distracting right now, thank you."
"I thought it wouldn't matter, seeing Peggy's grave," Steve said suddenly. "But they're all dead, Tony. I
Tony had designed a new one, with better armour yet more flexible, and not so anachronistic, in a style he much preferred. It was in his suitcase now and, no, he wasn't going to wear that to dinner or even take it with him. The shield, though, that was different. He needed that within reach.
Laid out on the floor was a thirty foot disarticulated model of one of the giant Chitauri spacecraft that had come streaming through the Tesseract portal.
By now they were passing through one of the human-sized doors into the hangar, as the main doors remained tightly closed, trapping whatever aircraft were housed there inside.
Tony, though, could talk enough for three, and Steve let the familiar monologue wash over him as he concentrated on  food which was sophisticated but plentiful. Though the serum had speeded up his metabolism, it had also made it more efficient, so that he could go for long periods without eating, but with a consequent need to refuel by consuming large amounts of high protein and high calorie food.
"Oh, Pepper likes you," Tony said, carefully not answering the unfinished question, though Steve was sure he knew perfectly well where it had been going. "She thinks you're a 'nice boy, so polite'." Tony flashed a quick grin at Steve. "I told her she hadn't heard what you called me, and she said that I'd undoubtedly deserved it."
"Fury plainly thought he could fool Steve too," Bruce pointed out. "And Steve's not likely to forgive you any more than he's going to forgive him."
Only it wasn't Steve, could never have been Steve. This guy was a bleached blond, shorter, with a body-builder's rather than an athlete's muscle.
"Well, it wasn't because I admired the tech," Tony retorted. "I'll get you a better one. I checked the shield too, but it seems to be clean. Jarvis thinks there's a tracking device on your bike, which is one of the reasons I insisted you leave it behind. I'll deal with it personally when we get back. So, do I lose him or lead him somewhere we can grab him and Bruce can suit up and scare the truth out of him?"
Steve stood balanced on a mansard roof overlooking a narrow city street, gleaming wet under the yellow lights, though rain was no longer falling. There were skyscrapers on the horizon, brightly lit against a cloudy night sky, vaguely familiar, but not those of any American city he knew. And certainly not New York. He turned, and saw a floodlit grey dome that had once been a symbol of hope amid fire and chaos, now rising amid clusters of what were plainly office buildings, with a few spires, also lit from below, standing above a maze of streets that looked nothing like the familiar grid of New York. Beyond it, he knew, was a grey-brown river, bridges crossing it every quarter mile or so. He had last been here to bury the woman he had loved, the one he had hoped to meet again in the past.
"This mountain lies in the middle of the territory of the Panther tribe, and the chiefs of that tribe have, for many years, also been the kings of Wakanda, though ..." He faded into silence, seemingly lost in his own thoughts, then shook himself, and said, "Some three years ago our then king, T'Chaka, was contacted by outsiders offering high grade technology in return for vibranium. To be honest, we still distrusted your sudden change of heart, Stark, and suspected you of being the mind behind the offer, but Hunter, who T'Chaka had appointed head of the Hatut Zeraze, could find no evidence to implicate you."
And when, unable to hold off his own orgasm any longer, Tony had rolled urgently to one side to avoid falling on Steve's still-healing back and then lay panting, his mind almost blank, Steve's hand had tentatively reached for his.
Tony could have stayed there forever, but his phone started warbling the 'Jeeves and Wooster' theme, which meant not only that Jarvis wanted to talk to him, but that his phone was suddenly receiving a signal.
"I really am going to have to work on your scientific education. Quarks are what elementary particles like protons are made of. They have names like Up and Down and Charm and, oh, forget it. Just take it from me that Vibranium doesn't make sense in terms of Earth physics. And Earth physics are supposed to be universal physics."
A volley of arrows came out of the dark, probably from the compound walls, which Tony couldn't see in the gathering dark. The arrows fell short of the fighting, but sent up clouds of dust and dirt as they exploded on impact.
"So you were watching. Glad you're keeping up with my awesome adventures – hey, that would make a good title for a comic book, like the ones that used to feature Cap."
Steve crossed the room to stand in front of a large shrouded piece of equipment whose shape he clearly recognised.
Not far from the road they arrived at a white-painted ranch house with barns surrounding it. Horses grazed in the paddocks, and a trio of ponies peered over the rails of a corral.
Overhead, clouds were beginning to gather and a wind was rising as Okoye let down a sea anchor in the middle of a cluster of boats rocking together in the centre of a lagoon. Many others were drawn up on the beach, where both men and women were still wading ashore, as others streamed along a raised causeway into the jungle.
When he had flown here first in the Iron Man suit – which now had a stealth mode that Rhodey's bosses at the Pentagon would have sacrificed their pensions to acquire – he had found no clue as to the research that had been conducted here. Whatever Howard had had his people researching, he had been careful to leave no trace.
"Looks like their power source is dead—" Tony began, when suddenly, Captain America's grip on the armour's shoulder-plate slackened, and Tony had to clutch him with both hands to stop him falling, then drop sharply to catch the shield as it slipped out of his hand.
"I'm fine," Steve lied. "For a second there, I thought... but it wasn't Peggy. The accent wasn't quite perfect, and whoever it was didn't age the voice enough, even before she stopped acting."
"You mean apart from Stark getting what might be expected from rushing in bull headed as usual? No one. Why was he there, by the way?"
Tony had to stop himself whistling in admiration at her successful attempt at cool. "As he said himself, an elevator would go up, even though it wasn't worthy. Let's see if we can get the loop of the hammer's thong through his belt."
Tony swiped away the Air Traffic Control reports for Kansas and the surrounding states covering the last twelve hours, sending them on to Hank, who was co-ordinating the search for Shuri, and T'Challa who was, in turn, keeping up in between receiving and adding the reports from his own agents and contacts.
The truck, meanwhile, had swung backwards into the road, made its turn and was hurtling away from the portal, Thor following above it. A-Jet2 was circling high above as A-Jet1 began descending. His team were currently stationary but their heat signatures suggested they were alive at least. Jarvis was tracking the truck as it sped away down the road and relaying its co-ordinates to A-Jet1.
and she was – still is, in some ways – the best thing that had ever happened to me. She... we... our relationship was already in trouble and you... I couldn't— I thought we'd sort of agreed to forget it. Silently." He took a deep breath and went on the offensive. "Anyway, within twenty four hours you were trying to beat the shit out of me."
"Sir," Jarvis interrupted. "Ms Van Dyne is calling your cell. Which you left in the workshop. She seems agitated. Doctor Pym is even more agitated. He is searching for you."
"Rogers, what are you doing out of bed?" Tony Stark, dressed in black slacks and a filthy Stark Industries T-shirt, was standing in the doorway, looking stern. It was not an expression that sat well on him.
"Tony!" Steve said sharply. It bothered him that Tony, who was the smartest man he had ever met, did not believe either of them had a soul – did not, he suspected, believe in God. Howard hadn't, and that should have sent Tony into the arms of the church if nothing else did, but in this case it really was like father, like son.
"That's okay." Tony grinning widely. "Right now I'd forgive you even if it had been Pepper. Who I'm not dating, by the way. If you want to cut in, it's Happy who you should worry about. He packs a mean punch nowadays."
"Fingerprints, Tony?" Bruce asked, tossing him a pair of disposable gloves. "You do realise that apart from Steve's that envelope will be covered in unidentifiable prints."
"They'd have to look out for hawks," Tony responded, grinning at Clint, who glanced at Natasha, took a swig of beer and did not respond to the bait.
"Nah. I'll just leave that to the top brass," Velasco said. "But I wanted to meet you anyways, Stark. No, not about offensive weapons – that isn't my responsibility – but about adapting your repulsor technology to move heavy loads for the engineering crews. Comes as near to anti-gravity as anything I've seen. And that demo just now makes it seem you've gotten full control of it."
Thor thought so too. Tony had spoken to him, and to Selvig, who had told him that there were definite similarities between the device he had built under Loki's instructions – or under instructions emanating from the Tesseract and Loki's staff and he didn't, he told Tony, know which possibility scared him more – and the fragments of the 'quantum bridge' the mercenaries had used in Wakanda.
"Ah, Tony," Steve's voice said. A hand bearing a steaming mug descended in front of Tony's eyes, then, as he made to grasp for it, was withdrawn. "You can't drink it lying on your stomach," Steve pointed out.
Suddenly, there was a thin blade about three inches long in Shuri's hand, glowing white with the faintest hint of violet. It reminded Steve of her brother's Panther claws.
Steve steered the SUV carefully down the dirt road, a very different experience from driving a Jeep across war-torn Europe. Actually, the vehicle was closer to the size of an armoured car, but without the armour and with comfortable seats, an astonishingly quiet engine, and a suspension which smoothed out some of the worst of the bumps. Steve's caution was more to do with the strange automatic gears and the complexity of the dash than the state of the road or the power of the engine.
He contemplated the still, glimmering water of the swimming pool, striving for control of his breathing.
"She's estranged from her father," Jan said, "and a good friend. She's still in touch, and in love, with Bruce. Tony?"
"I assure you we are well prepared," Tony responded, filing away the 'monarch' for future reference.
Tony had a bounce in his step as he left the Board meeting, again at Pepper's side – they had waited until those present in the flesh had left, though that had been less than half the board. The meeting had gone more quickly and smoothly than Tony had expected and his working partnership with Pepper had operated as well as ever.
"Tracking all flights out of McConnell," Jarvis stated. "Do you have an approximate time of take off, Colonel?"
"You mean apart from being Captain America, the leader of the Howling Commandos, field leader of the Avengers, a first class artist, a damn good cook, and my partner and lover? Dad used to say you were the best man he ever met: I guess he had to be right at least once."
"He didn't do anything, as far as I know," Tony said, as they came out into sunlight in a steep sided valley. "Possibly he was never here at all. It may have been somewhere to retreat if the USA was attacked by the Soviets or if the government decided to shut down his operations. It may have been somewhere to have a team conduct research he didn't want anyone to know about. It was owned by him, personally, not by Stark Industries and it had been shut down long before his death. Ah," he added, as a group of low, earth coloured buildings with what appeared to be turfed roofs came into sight, "here we are." The truck passed through open garage doors and came to a halt in what was clearly a storage area.
He took a breath of clean air. Two. Three. Then it wasn't darkness, or silence. Instead there was the glare of streetlights, the mellow glow of the reception lights through the glass doors and the gleam of car headlamps, plus the sound of running feet.
On the long isthmus that lay between the lakes and the ocean, the towers of a city rose about the tree line, glittering in the newly risen sun.
It was dismissal. Tony gave a nod that might have been taken as an attempt at a bow if you have been very generously inclined, and retreated.
"SHIELD?" Jan's eyebrows had drawn together and there was a note in her voice that was all too familiar. "Hank thought we were being watched. You didn't tell us, Jarvis?"
Steve thought, as Tony got to his feet, smoothed his hair where Steve had ruffled it, and said, "Let's get you out of these clothes and into bed." He unclipped the fastenings of Steve's jacket – jerkin – Steve wasn't sure of the correct name, eased Steve's arms out of it and laid it aside, then began to unlace the shirt.
"Drone's coming round in front of us," Storm's voice reported. "Damn thing's as persistent as a wasp round a jelly doughnut."
White Wolf shouted something, but was cut off abruptly at the same moment as Tony came to his feet between the warrior and the gun.
Stark Tower actually had a number of pools open to SI employees, but those were in the basement. The Penthouse's private pool was much smaller, on the lowest floor of what was on its way to becoming the Avengers complex. It was long and narrow, almost, but not quite, a lap pool, its water reaching several feet up the floor to ceiling windows that made it look as if you could swim out into the familiar cityscape. The tiles alone, blue and green and silver, had cost a small fortune.
He did not believe – did not want to believe – that Hennis was US military. There had been attempts to test his security since the Loki affair, and maybe some of them had been by the Air Force or the Army, but none had been so blatant or aimed at Captain America rather than his tech – though maybe that was a feint.
There was light, though, a blinding light coming from what appeared to be a large tent or pavilion, though how you pitched one of those on the deck of a ship, Tony didn't like to guess
There was silence for a time. After a while, Tony slumped more and more heavily against Steve, until he slept, or had possibly lapsed into unconsciousness, but his breathing and pulse were steady. With any luck he would be okay in the morning, though he would need watching for the rest of the night to make sure he didn't vomit and choke.
"Of course I believe him! But I've been through the files. None of it means anything to me. I don't remember my childhood, or World War 2, or any of the people they say I fought with: Namor, Torch, Bucky, Spitfire, Toro, Union Jack. They mean nothing. Nothing! But I remember Tony. Xavier confirmed that. I remember Tony but he saw different versions of Tony in my memory, hundreds of them; fighting them, fighting beside them, being friends with them, arguing with them... I know fighting moves I shouldn't. Hell, I know words I shouldn't. Something terrible has happened. Captain America was dead. I'm alive and in his body." Steve paused, drawing shuddering breath after shuddering breath.
"Naturally. She told me that the hard copies were printouts of computer files Hank had kept, though not necessarily updated, going back fifteen years, and continually moved from one system to the next. She wasn't sure where the original media was, but give her a couple of hours and she'd find the latest backups. I received an updated file less than an hour later. It took a little while to eliminate all the codes from the remaining samples, but I now know which one went missing."
"My lady says it is made of uru, and is the work of dwarvish smiths. Is your magic armour made of such metal?"
the pieces so they could be removed outside, where Tony had improvised as series of small explosions which had left them in ruins.
It took Tony a second or so to see the implications of that. "So you're now ready to admit that Steve really is Captain America?"
Tony sat, on the nearest surface, which was the edge of the bed, but his mind was elsewhere, imagining his friends on Jan's private plane, sitting on the tarmac in the middle of nowhere under the blazing African sun, waiting for something... anything... to give them a chance to help. Bruce would endure that patiently. Hank would lose himself in the math of his latest project. But Jan would have fretted and paced and driven them both mad, just as he would have done.
"Don't forget SCOTUS," Clint interrupted. "There are judges panting for the chance to hand you your ass."
Tony chuckled. "I take it you've run up against the public's willingness to believe ... well, anything that's illogical and impossible because you can't trust experts or the government – well possibly they may be right about that – and put it on the internet as truth. Nothing on the internet is to be believed by the way, unless I put it there and even then if it's on Facebook or Wikipedia I'm probably lying..."
Until that moment, he hadn't realised just how hungry he was. He bit back his immediate response and said, instead, "Look, I'm grateful, but I— Do we know each other? Are we friends?”
And it wasn't. Steve wasn't flirting with Pepper. In fact, Steve didn't flirt with anyone, didn't even flirt back at Tony, the way Bruce did very occasionally, that Rhodey sometimes did....
Jarvis had even contributed an, "Oh well done, sir," when Hermandez had told Clayton to, "Just shut up and let Tony handle it."
Tony was in the air, spurred into action by the order in Steve's Captain America command voice when the supposedly dead creature reared up on its hind legs. A huge paw swiped at him, but he slipped sideways and its claws only sliced air.
Tony lay on the floor of the lab, the epoxy-resin flooring cool against his skin, uncomfortable, but too exhausted to move. When he did, he suspected it would be painful. Steve had come twice inside him before Tony had finally lost control and let orgasm overtake him. What was more, he was pretty sure the condom had split under the strain and his thighs were sticky and, no doubt, smelly.
"If Tony had known the thing existed he would certainly have briefed you, even if he didn't brief me and Hank. The last space shuttle was retired in 2011. Since then we've been relying on the Russians to get people into orbit. There's supposed to be a replacement in development but it won't be delivered for years yet."
"Not ruling out assassination," Tony said, fighting to keep his voice as serious as he could manage. "Who do you suggest we target? The Attorney General and the White House Chief of Staff might cause more trouble than they're worth. We could try General Ross, but Betty Ross would probably object. And I like Betty. More to the point, so does Bruce and no one wants to argue with the Jolly Green. How about the WSC instead? And how much are the pair of you charging and can I offset it against your rent?"
Without waiting for permission, Tony eased Steve down onto a low couch, and Natasha moved to take up a defensive position in front of them both.
Okoye smiled. "My people are of the Crocodile Tribe, Captain. So yes. But we will need to steal a boat, and quickly."
"Let's hope none of the agents is armed with a fly spray or even a folded newspaper," Tony snapped. "Are you monitoring what's happening?"
Tony shifted Steve's limp body so it lay over his left shoulder, leaving at least one hand – and one repulsor – free to defend them all. (That his left hand was, of necessity, cupping Steve's ass, was – of no consequence. Nor was it distracting at all.)
Finally, they saw a sliver of light ahead. It proved to be a crack in the rock that even a full sized Jan could have passed through easily, and the Panther could probably have wriggled through with some effort. It was certainly large enough to allow them a perfect view of the large floodlit cavern beyond.
"I'm a soldier," Steve replied. "I was a runt, a sick weakling, until I was enhanced by science." He winced at the memory, of Tony's words, "Everything special about me is... a result of that enhancement."
So Steve was mad enough to forget what century he was in. Good. "Don't I? Tell me I'm wrong, Rogers. Tell me Wilson hasn't said much the same thing?" He waited, balanced on the balls of his feet, ready to duck if Steve tried to hit him.
"Will you allow me to?" Danvers asked, with a half smile. She did not seem in the least worried at the prospect. But then she didn't actually know Natasha.
Betty sighed. "Bruce told me he'd be safer – and other people would be safer – if he was well away from civilisation. I offered to join him, but he wouldn't tell me where he was. And neither would Jan," she added, with a mock glare in her friend's direction.
For over ten years it had been his sanctuary from people – somewhere he had total control over who he saw or spoke to, a retreat where he could lock everyone out, even Pepper. Sure, Pepper, Rhodey and Obie (damn his black soul) had all spent nights in the guest rooms, and there had been a long succession of women, few of whom he could remember, sharing his bed, but they had never been there long enough to disturb the peace of what had always been his safe place
And it was a battlefield; an apocalypse painted in scorched black and highlighted in heaped white hail.
Tony thought, in outrage, as the shock wave rolled over him. Then he lifted his head and looked quickly left and right.
It was a process familiar enough from only months – seventy years to everyone else – ago, caring for soldiers far more exhausted than he could ever be since the serum. Only the setting and personnel were different.
Tony spread his hands. "Or Hoboken. We just don't know. And, from the way the enemy was talking, if they did manage to subdue him, they just may be looking for a buyer for the Hulk."
"It isn't. That was the Mark VII, most powerful armour I've built. I laid out the schematics the moment I heard about the Tesseract."
"Tony," Pepper said, in that patient voice that meant she thought she was the only one in the room talking sense, "I think we should keep the manufacturing arm here in the States—"
Steve's hand had tightened around his. "You can't suspect a coup, Tony. Not here. Not in the States."
"I didn't have any; I was sure he was dead," Tony said. "You caught me at a weak moment – I was ready to clutch at any straw."
"No. The only way we'll keep things moving and penetrating worldwide markets is to take manufacturing worldwide and
Steve looked with satisfaction at the ingredients lined up on the worktop beside the stove – pasta and the meatballs he had defrosted using the microwave, fresh tomatoes, basil and olive oil that he was going to blitz in the blender, parmesan, lettuce for a salad, and good bread and butter.
Tony shoved him away, and almost fell over. Steve put out a hand to steady him, but he brushed it away. "Just going to sleep," he insisted.
Tony automatically calculated the sightlines and winced. No wonder the lobby was almost silent. Too many people who had not managed a quick exit were crouched behind the potted palms and figs, or the banked seating.
"Jan is going to murder us," Steve said softly to Tony as the Avenger jets raced southward through the pre-dawn dark.
"Sure, sure." Tony disengaged himself from Steve and limped out of the room. Steve stared after him for a moment, wondering if he should have stopped him and, if so,
"The Board is going to discover that it has no stake in Stark Energy sooner or later," Tony retorted. "And what the hell are we paying off all those Senators and Representatives for, anyway? You might remind them how those funds are going to vanish if they rat on us."
"I owe you improved weapons," he said. "And you'll need an earbud on the Avengers frequency. That is, if you want to continue as a superhero after this."
Howard raised a single eyebrow. "Well, I've heard back from Hank Pym. He is quite certain that your DNA matches what we have from the original Steve Rogers – you are genetically identical, which means you are either him or an identical twin who was given the same serum and frozen in the ice for the same amount of time. There was some deterioration in the old sample, but not enough to make a difference. You are him, Steve. It was you who was being held captive and unconscious on the helicarrier. Tony confirms your story from the evidence he found there. Unless you don't believe him."
"And he can't hold me through the shakes," Tony admitted, turning in Steve's arms and returning the hug. "Thanks, buddy."
The stairway led to a walkway in front of a line of offices, suspended just below the roof. Steve, hoping that his memory of this place wouldn't fail him now – how long ago was it that Howard had shown him round? A year? Seventy? – kicked down the door to the furthest office, broke the outside window, and leaped out to the access ladder that curved up onto the roof.
His progress became slower and slower as he ploughed through a morass of dead rushes and weeds— and ran into a tangle of branches. Peering between them, he could see a wall of mud that rose above his head, covered in scrub and crowned with a line of trees that looked as if they were about to topple on his head.
But then... maybe he hadn't been on the same page as Pepper for a while. "I couldn't anyway. We're not actually dating." He had to fight to stop himself adding something about, "On your orders." It wasn't fair, anyway. He had been kinda relieved by Virgil's suggestion.
Gene's notes said that the artefact was completely inert, though warm to the touch. Tony had no intention of personally verifying that but the armoury's sensors reported that it remained at room temperature. There was something about it that frightened him; perhaps the markings on its surface that resembled no recorded human script but which he was sure had meaning. There was a bright scratch on one side, where, apparently, Gene had scraped off the metal sample he had sent to Tony in a not-exactly-a-test-tube. Gene hadn't been able to identify it and neither had Tony but it wasn't vibranium or that equally strange metal, adamantium.
Tony hesitated. He wanted very badly to send Thor to the Travis Air Force base in an attempt to find Steve, but he would arrive far too late to be of use. Sending him back to Asgard with the intelligence about Karnilla and the Norn Stone might result in him never returning to Earth. "Do you know how well Selvig is getting on with the research I sub-contracted to him?"
"Nor do I," Xavier admitted. "This something new to me. I can confirm that you woke in restraints on the SHIELD helicarrier – and that is not an implanted memory but your own. But from before you fell? Only this. I cannot restore what does not exist."
The result of this split concentration was that, on his return lap, he didn't see the jetty and his hand struck one of the piers with bruising force, making him yelp.
He supposed he did too. "We've had our own problems with a faction in the Pentagon," he said carefully.
He folded without as sound, as did his unwitting assailant as Clint took him down in two deft moves.
"Tony!" she exclaimed, with what seemed to be genuine pleasure. "It's been far too long. I began to wonder if you'd had a dose of food poisoning from some of that junk food you're so fond of and were blaming it on me." She frowned at him. "You do not look well, and you've lost weight."
Tony hardly hesitated before picking up his bag and heading back towards the repulsor elevator to his suite. But on the way through the workshop are he paused. After a few seconds fighting the impulse, he crossed to one of the security cabinets and opened it. There, sitting on a shelf smirking at him was the artefact Gene had sent him. Almost without thought, he pulled on heavy gauntlets and shoved the artefact into his bag. The gauntlets followed, and then he zipped the bag closed.
"Great!" Jan exclaimed. "Jarvis, get us a pilot. I mean, I can fly the thing at a pinch, but I'd rather leave it to a pro."
Rhodey shrugged. "You haven't. It's not about you, Tony. It'll take a while for me to get into a position to help, but when you do need me, I'll be there."
The brush of his shoulder and the warmth of his breath forced Tony to clasp his hands around his knees and think desperately of Pepper – but that took his thoughts into dark areas he did not want to visit. Damn it, he'd gone through this with Rhodey so long ago and come out the other side – and that was a place he did not want to visit either, thank you very much.
Tony leaned against the doorframe of his bedroom, watching Pepper as she selected underwear from a drawer and three suits from the wardrobe, trying not to analyse his feelings too closely. There was a tight knot in his stomach and his heart was racing behind the arc reactor in a way it hadn't when he had threatened Nick Fury less than a day ago. He had planned carefully for both encounters, knew exactly what he wanted to say, but Pepper had been able to reduce him to incoherence in the past. He hoped it would be different this time.
"She would say she had laid a spell on you. But, friend Tony, sending the stone to the bottom of the sea was well done. Very well done indeed."
"He could have been fighting brainwashing," Tony said, "The suit could have been on remote. There could be any number of reasons."
"I'm still Enhanced," Steve pointed out. "And I protected a fugitive, a murderer and assassin, a Hydra agent. Resisted arrest. Defied international law. Probably committed treason. They'll put me in jail and throw away the key. And then do the same to you for harbouring a known criminal. They can do what they like to me, but I'm not going to let that happen to you."
Tony hesitated, thinking of the last time he had seen Thor, disappearing into the whirl of light with Tony's heart in his arms. "I've seen him," he said. "He was on Asgardian business – something about a god Odin had defeated and banished millennia ago – and he had to return to Asgard at once. Quick turn round."
"In terms of life experience he's either twenty-four years or twenty-four hours old," Howard pointed out. "Take your pick. I don't think it worked for me, but he may go for the kid brother approach."
The probable culprit was frowning at the tablet. "This is complicated stuff. I wish Bruce was here."
Pepper hesitated, and looked at her watch. "I think I have time. I also need to pack a couple of suitcases."
"She alternates between being brilliant and frighteningly rash," Howard said. "She makes Tony look cautious."
Tony's eyes narrowed as he focused on the strange tech. The vehicle – no, he was not going to think of it as a flying car, so there – was boat-shaped and open topped, with no lights showing except a faint glow from what was probably the dash. It had no skirts and there was no movement of air beneath it, so it wasn't a ground effect vehicle, and there was no glow of repulsors. That would bear investigation.
"But Tony, what makes you so sure that this man is actually Captain America and not some muscular SHIELD agent?"
Unfortunately, just as he started the machine there was a perfunctory knock on the door and Jan breezed in, Hank trailing – a little reluctantly, to judge by his expression – in her wake. He caught Steve's eye and pulled an apologetic face as Jan, grinning even more widely than Tony, headed unerringly for the bedroom.
"No, I can't take your bed. Hank will—" He tried to get to his feet, but was stopped by Jan's hand on his chest.
Every eye turned to Hawkeye, who had an arrow – a lethal one, Tony realised suddenly – ready to fire at a tall, muscular man, who shouted 'soldier' from his buzz cut through his posture to his unfashionable boots – not to mention the Desert Eagle automatic in his belt and the Steyr AUG slung over his shoulder. His hands were raised well away from his guns, though his expression was, as far as Tony could tell, attempting to simulate amusement.
"It's the misuse of science I'm against," Hank muttered, then, looking round at a series of uniformly raised eyebrows, he added, "but I guess that's what you're trying to guard against. Okay. It goes against my instincts, but it's the logical thing to do."
"We went on a few dates. She's my friend, and a member of team Iron Man. But she really wants to be a SHIELD agent—"
"He's Horace Hogan, but stick with Happy. I do. And if you took a dip in the bay you definitely need a shower. The Hudson's polluted. Go, go get showered and changed. I'll get dinner. You must be famished. Tony might even be back by then. Steak and fries and a salad?
The serum had, indeed, done something to Steve. He had come as soon as Tony had entered him, but he didn't soften until after two more orgasms...
"Tony! Stop!" That was Pepper. Which meant that she could no longer distract Fury. "You promised me you'd never fly the armour while drunk!" She was trying to mask the resignation in her voice with anger, but it didn't quite come off.
This time, spent and replete, they remained in each other's arms, Steve's head resting on Tony's shoulder.
"She betrayed me – and, honestly, Happy, she's safer away from me – from this." Tony waved his free hand vaguely at the still figures on the sidewalk.
Unfortunately, that explained his presence in someone else's board room, surrounded by politicians and company Presidents and Chairmen who were all spouting arguments in which "manage the transition" and "share technology" and "give the United States a major bargaining advantage" were repeated
Steve was turning an interesting shade of red. "I wanted to know... if there was any chance because sometimes you'd say things – though Jan said you say that kind of thing to everyone," he amended.
For an instant, Tony's muscles tensed, then he was hugging Steve back and it wasn't in the least tentative or awkward.
Or, more probably the hike was just Tony's excuse to get him alone in the woods and have his way with him... He hoped so, anyway.
us." He shrugged, but failed in his attempt at studied casualness as he added, "I thought Rhodes was better than that."
"I'm going to shower, take care of a few other things, then I'm coming to bed. Don't suppose you'll still be awake..."
"Boss," Friday's voice said. "Captain Rogers has just entered the building through your private garage. May I remind you that you have not changed those entry codes."
"You've just flown four thousand miles," Iron Man's voice said. "And you're not checked out on them – not that they're difficult – but nope. Not now, anyway. Ah, there they are." A trio of SUVs with the Stark Energy logo on their sides came swinging in through the hangar doors and drew to a halt where Iron Man was standing. Robots were already unloading the luggage from the jet's hold.
Steve was still asleep, face buried in the pillows, covers pushed back to his waist. The scars on his back were beginning to disappear.
It was, Steve had come to realise, typical of the contradictions that made up Tony Stark. The face SHIELD had shown him via their films and profiles – the face Tony himself had thrust at him in Stuttgart, the helicarrier and the journey between – had some elements of truth but was plainly designed to serve as a distraction. Look behind it, look at the details of his life and his company and you got a very different picture.
Unfortunately, Tony was remembering all the very good reasons why he shouldn't seduce Steve, right now or possibly ever. "No, you were right. I shouldn't be doing this."
"I'll jump with him," Steve decided, heading back down the aircraft to collect his shield. "Rest of you, into your seats and fasten your seatbelts."
"The Man of Iron gave you into my hands or you would, indeed, have died. Heimdall is keeping watch and tells me he is safe in his homeland, though he is always on the move."
"What the fuck would you know about it? I thought you came from the time that even people who knew about finance were throwing themselves out of buildings? But they wouldn't have done that in Brooklyn then, would they? You ever try to bamboozle – and where the heck does that word come from? Is there such a thing as boozle that you can bam? – a company board? Full of people who never have a thought in their heads except the bottom line? And dodging their taxes?"
"Next time, you keep them fully informed, Jarvis. That's an order." And if Jarvis was going to ignore orders, Tony was going to have to poke around in his code to see where the errors had occurred.
This time he was going to make sure the fucking thing stayed dead. After all, he was wearing armour that had taken out Chitauri-turtle-dragons.
Steve gave her a warning glance and a slight headshake. Both Tony and Bruce thought highly of Betty Ross but if she had worked on a super-soldier project, had helped to create the Hulk, if inadvertently, and was the daughter of the head of that project...
Tony didn't wait to hear the rest of it. He shot forward into the foyer, a foot or so above the ground – and stopped, hovering in mid-air.
To Fury – to everyone at SHIELD, except possibly Phil Coulson – he had been a tool to be used. Now that tool appeared to have been discarded, which was both a relief and, if he was honest, a blow to his self-esteem. Apparently Captain America didn't matter to SHIELD. He wondered if Natasha and Clint were also being ignored, and if they felt the same... disappointment. Bruce, on the other hand, was probably grateful.
They were on to the dessert course when Tony finally finished what had become an extremely detailed briefing. "Wow," Steve said. "Was I away for a couple of years?"
"The armour I wove into the White Wolf suit for my brother is better," T'Challa replied. "On balance, I think I will stick with it. I may need the authority it gives me – and the fear it generates."
The green and yellow clad man – vanished. One moment he was there, the next he had gone and this time he did not blink back into existence.
"Tony Stark is his own man," Steve said. "After what he's done, he doesn't need anyone to vouch for him."
"Is that the excuse of the hour, Tony?" Steve asked. "Find a new one, I'm healed. The dressing can come off. Look for yourself." With that he turned his back to Tony.
Tony sighed, and wished Pepper hadn't also confiscated the slim silver flask that normally lay flat in his pocket, the jacket tailored to hide even that small bulge.
"Lady with a Kojak," Tony said. "Guardian of the Time Stone. An Infinity Stone. She should have it back now. But we'd still like to chat. Just exchange gossip about timelines and the end of the universe."
"Sounds good. Neither of us is vegetarian, by the way," Jan said as she opened several cupboard doors, then, finding a glass, headed for the faucet.
"My sister Shuri was kidnapped from her lab at the Sorbonne less than forty eight hours ago," T'Challa said. "I suspected the mercenary group we defeated in Wakanda. I flew to France, but by then her kidnappers had crossed the English Channel by helicopter and landed at a US Air Force base in Suffolk."
It was with the noonday sun streaming through the bottom of the window – though it didn't reach the bed – that Tony sat up and exclaimed, "Fuck it, my brain's turned to mush. Jarvis!"
The sky was a roiling circle of black cloud shot through with lightning and rainbows and, in that intermittent light, he could see a whirlpool of white capped waves.
Steve had said nothing. He did, though, have the feeling that Captain America would have willingly offered his blood to the government agency.
And there was a snort of laughter, quickly suppressed, that was so very Tony that it twisted Steve's heart.
As planned, being crushed under Steve's weight drove the air out of the man's chest, air he couldn't regain through his mouth with the gag still in place. It left him breathing desperately quickly, weakening him enough to enable Steve to pull off his wide-legged pants and use them to bind his legs.
Tony hit the floor hard on hands and knees, a sharp pain in his chest, a weight pressing down on his back: all welcome because they meant he was alive. A quick glance upwards told him he was on Earth, in the shattered reception area of Stark Tower and not on a godforsaken planet like Vormir, Morag or, heaven help him, Titan.
, Stark. By what happened. By your actions. I don't know if the assassination attempt was aimed at you or her, but she needed more protection than that chauffeur of yours could give her." She pushed past the two men towards the helicopter, which was still sitting on the pad, plainly waiting for her.
"Well, someone doesn't find it ridiculous; why would anyone try to kill me except to stop or at least delay the rollout of the ARC reactors indefinitely?"
"You aren't the damn Hulk, and to keep you alive I'd do far worse than that," Tony snapped. He took several deep breaths, then said, "Oh, go get cleaned up, Steve. And some rest while you're about it."
"In other words, being Tony. Steve, are you sure you can cope with this? I mean, losing everything you've known
In New York, Clint and Hank were preparing both the Tower and the old Stark Mansion for an influx of displaced citizens if the hurricane reached them. Natasha had spoken privately to Maria Hill, whom she trusted, apprising her of Thor's attempt to turn Sandro. Hill would convey that message, equally privately, to Fury.
T'Challa chuckled. "I am. It is a great honour, sister." He held out a hand to Steve, who clasped it warmly. "I am overjoyed that the reports of your demise were greatly exaggerated."
There was another sound now, faintly familiar, on the edge of his consciousness, a fluttering, like none of the noises that had echoed through the helmet in the past... how many hours?
It started with a message from Travis tower. As they were making their descent, with the bridges of San Francisco Bay far below, they were asked divert to Sacramento, SMF.
"Howard, I'd like that." He made a quick and simple decision. "I guess you'd better call me 'Steve'." It was most acceptable of the names he had been offered.
"Not someone else who wants to get his hands on my body! And don't think I've forgiven you, Rogers, either."
She turned the same commanding look on her visitors, "And you two, pick up your friend and follow me."
"They have," Rhodes shot back. "Of course they have. But the repuslors in the suit and the transport units have almost nothing in common with your repulsor patents and, according to Velasco, those shouldn't have been granted in the first place because, and I quote, 'Physics doesn't work that way.'"
Ten minutes later Tony was staring resolutely into the blackness that surrounded the vehicle, carefully not watching Steve finish dressing. He wondered idly if their enemies were lurking beyond the cloak, waiting for it to drop before overwhelming them.
In that moment, Steve realised his mistake in letting himself be distracted, because the pilot  was now on her feet with a dangerous-looking automatic pistol in her hand.
One of the older men snorted. "We're test crew, To— Mr Stark. It can't be much more dangerous than flying your unknown tech for the first time."
The outer door opened at a touch, leading into a curving corridor lit from high windows. Five other doors were closed, but at the end of the passage he found himself the head of a flight of stairs – and caught his breath at the vast curve of a twenty-foot high window-wall looking out over what was presumably last night's estuary. This bank stretched away on his left to the towers of a city peeking over the horizon. The room below filled most of the floor, and was, at the moment, empty of life. But he could smell bacon cooking.
Tony felt a surge of panic: was Steve going to walk away from the Tower for a second time? In just his speedos? No way.
"Sneaky super-spies," Tony said, beckoning to his armour to follow him. "C'mon, kids, let's get this show on the road."
All he really wanted was to retreat to his lab and work off his anger and frustration, but he hadn't got a lab here, so he'd stomped out of the buildings into the valley and the weakening sunlight instead.
"When did that spring up? The zoning— Wait. Tendring. Oh, fuck it, how obvious can you get and Fury not spot it?"
"I've been fighting all my life," Steve said. "Before the serum, I mostly lost. After it, I started to win but that doesn't matter. Fighting is what I do. If I don't fight, what am I, Tony?"
"Hold it. The five of us? It might be better not to tempt Bruce, and Hank and Jan aren't involved – even, that is, if we can find our way out of here."
"Tony asked me to stay here," Steve said. "To guard... Betty." He didn't think Jan would take kindly to Tony's implication that she herself needed looking after.
"No choice." Tony's frown lifted in a sudden grin. "I have no control whatsoever over that Trust and the rules under which it operates. If and when legal lets you have access, you can buy me a burger. Meanwhile, we're eating in private and more upmarket. Come on in. We've just got time to shower and change before dinner."
Tony opened his eyes just enough to see Steve's face limned in the light of the arc reactor. It took far too long to work out that he was lying on the floor with his head in the other man's lap.
Meanwhile, the warrior ran some sort of wand above Tony's body, watching the way it changed colour. Then he shoved it into his belt and reached towards Tony's shirt buttons.
"Hey, I learned to read so I could play Infocom text games." It was true. He'd been three and a half, according to his mother. Trying to copy her sternest glare, he looked hard at the Panther. "Assuming that we are not actually in the middle of a game of Zork, where are we?"
Tony's first feeling was relief. The Hulk had broken loose and found his way back to New York... Bruce was alive and here...
Steve tried his Captain America glare, but, as so often, it didn't work on Tony, particularly when he could hide behind the faceplate.
"Tony?" There was the sound of an orchestra and an operatic tenor in the background, which suddenly died to a whisper, so she wasn't actually at an opera house. For the last decade he had always known exactly where Pepper was, and that he didn't know if she was in LA, New York, Washington or Timbuktu made him even more uneasy.
Tony drew a sharp breath. "Oh, God, I'm sorry. Me, I deserve all this for fucking up every good thing in my life, including the Avengers. All you did was save people and you lost everything. And none of it was your fault." He slid off the bench, so he was sitting close to Steve, and tentatively held out a hand. Even as the other man hesitated, Steve shifted his body weight towards him, and Tony's arm went comfortingly across his shoulders. It took only the space of a breath for Steve to turn it into a full-blown hug.
He threw himself through the panther's jaws, knocking Hunter and his guards to one side, and lunged for the altar.
"He's your friend and loyal to you, Tony," Steve said. "He knows what that tech could be used for, and how much you'd hate that. He may be torn, but he won't betray you."
T'Challa turned to the crowd and raised his hands, then spoke in a carrying voice that quieted the noise of the assembly to a murmur.
To Tony's relief, the garage was pretty much intact and, even more importantly, empty of human life. "We'll take the black SUV and hope people mistake us for the Feds. Jay, open the key safe and—"
"Your side? You don't have a side, and that's not a matter of opinion, but plain fact," Tony shot back.
Of course, if he was carrying his phone and if he could get a signal which was unlikely to say the least, he might have been able to call Steve or Bruce. However, that phone was sitting taking voicemail in the lab in Stark Tower, because it might be tracked by GPS.
"Not a chance, Fury. The attempts to steal my tech and to capture Captain America are amateur. You can tell whoever's behind it to stop, or face the consequences. Which will involve repulsor blasts and missiles."
"Only," Steve said, "if you tell me what is happening right now. Because with my shield I can break out of here. If you think I'm incapable of walking out stark naked and finding him, you're wrong, Jarvis." There was silence. Steve picked up his shield and moved towards the door.
that," Tony retorted. "But I wouldn't trust him further than I could kick him, without benefit of the armour. He wants to control the Avengers, the armour, and the ARC reactor technology just as he wanted to use Asgardian technology for defence. And look what Asgardian tech brought us – the Red Skull, Hydra, Loki, an alien invasion and the attention of Odin only knows how many hostile civilisations."
"And had him bugged and followed," Tony pointed out, his mind boggling at the idea of Fury giving anyone fatherly advice. "Now tell me something we don't know."
She emptied the bowl onto the surface, and rolled the green mash into a cylinder, and then cut it into three pieces, each far less than a mouthful, then retreated down the steps into the muttering crowd.
Oh, hell, the cops would have picked up his bike by now. If they traced it back to the rented apartment they would find the Captain America uniform that he had not taken with him that day. And SHIELD would know at once.
"Some of the enemy have a penchant for using Moorcock references," Tony explained. "Why? Does it mean something to you?"
Then Steve's hand tightened on Tony's arm in warning as half a dozen of the lightly armoured warriors came hurrying towards them, plainly relieved to see them and unsurprised at Tony's presence.
The phone rang half a dozen times on the speakers before the tone ceased and some background noise – a TV or radio, maybe – became suddenly audible, but there was a perceptible pause before a crisp female voice with an educated English accent said, "Carter residence."
"For me. They think that by holding me they will stop progress, keep Wakanda and its people in the past while still holding onto our technological lead on the continent. They are quite wrong." That barb seemed to be aimed at White Wolf and the man who placed it seemed surprised that it went unanswered. He was frowning as he turned to Tony. "But you were accompanied here." His intense gaze switched back to Steve, silent in the White Wolf suit. "Hunter, what have you done with Mr Stark's companion? His freedom was to be guaranteed too."
"No, you could not," Fury's unmistakeable voice growled. "Stark, get your ass over to the helicarrier. This area's interdicted—"
"He's here?" Steve hated himself for his own fear. He only hoped Fandral could not hear it in his voice. They had sent Loki back to Asgard, and Thor had promised he would be brought to justice. But how did you deal out justice to a god? And he was Thor's adopted brother, Odin's adopted son, and Frigga...?
"No sign of cortical activity and minimal brain stem activity," Hill said now. "He was alive only in the technical sense."
"They offered us a butler," he said, "but I didn't think you wanted anyone hovering." He straightened, looking at the rearranged table with satisfaction. "That's better. No point of peering at each other over condiments and candelabra and flower arrangements."
It was time for the truth. "With my life, Pep? Any and every day. With Stark Industries? Far more than I trust myself. With the ARC and repulsor technology? Under the circumstances – no."
However, with each lowering of the cloak there was less and less activity and less and less light, while banks of cloud advanced from the east, though there seemed to be little wind in the canopy.
Hands steadied him. "God, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Steve was saying, next to his ear, sounding... panicked? "Are you okay?"
And here was SHIELD. And here was a threat that would be sure to bring him racing to help. And a monster that refused to die.
Tony's eyes were focused on him with an intensity that should have made Steve uncomfortable but, instead, gave him a strange warm feeling in the pit of his stomach. "Why are you here, Cap?" he asked.
The first thing he was aware of after the cold and empty dark was that his whole body was shaking and shivering, in retreat from a sense of losing something profoundly important. Something that had been snatched away from him when it was just within reach.
Tony widened his eyes at him. "I'm all grown up now, Dad," he pointed out. "You don't get to regulate my caffeine intake."
"Then do it," Tony said and triggered the boot jets. His exit scattered agents, papers and tech to the four winds.
Clint eyed the Steyr, still slung across the man's shoulders. "Maybe. Or maybe you weren't offered the contract."
"You were saying?" T'Challa commented, withdrawing his head from the access panel. "Technological barriers confirmed down, Stark."
"But I needed to see you privately for another reason," she went on hurriedly. "You know Pepper Potts asked me to accompany her to Washington..."
Of course it wasn't wise. If Steve or Pepper found out they were going to kill him, slowly. "Jarvis, this one of the things you were built to do. So do it."
"He wants me to search for Cap's body." Tony felt another rush of panic. "And, Dad, he's trying to put the blame for the destruction of the helicarrier on us, on the arc reactor."
"Thor's in Asgard, and who knows if he'll ever return," Tony went on as if he hadn't heard him. "The Widow and Hawkeye are back with SHIELD. I offered to get StarkLegal to break their contracts and they laughed at the idea."
"I do not have the answer to that question, sir, but all the electricity in this part of the city is being channelled there."
Tony gave a fractional nod, making a personal vow never to go anywhere without the armour again. He wished he knew where Steve was and what he was doing, though he and Okoye had plainly completed their task and made their escape. They had been ordered to head for safety and he wished with all his heart that he could believe that Steve was following that order.
Once the noise had died away, Iron Man shrugged away the rocks and staggered into the dust-filled air.
Opening his eyes a slit, he could see the back of the driver and passenger seats, though very little of their occupants. Night was falling and, through the windshield, he could see little that wasn't caught in the headlight beams.
"I'll help all I can," Hank said, "but it isn't my thing, either. You're the synthesist, Tony, and you have the math and physics background."
The question sobered him. "Only if you force me to," he said gently. "Making you CEO of SI was a good decision. I stand by it. But I'm buying out your voting shares in StarkEnergy."
"Under UN supervision. Under International and US law. Under a series of checks and balances, just like in the good old US constitution. You think Stark Industries can do what it likes? That there isn't government oversight of all our operations? That Pepper and I can just flout the law? I'm used to operating within those restrictions, though I may bend them at times. Tell me, what makes you different from us and from every other citizen, from each elected and appointed official in this country?"
Steve covered the distance to the spa in three swift strides, reached down into the water, grabbed Tony's shoulders and hauled him out over the edge.
Steve reached for his partner's arm, then hesitated with his fingers hovering above it as he saw the pain on the other man's face. "Tony? What's wrong?"
To his astonishment, Hennis said, "We believe you are holding an American citizen, Steven Grant Rogers, illegally and probably against his will."
"I was not as sanguine about the goodwill of these Wakandans as you were, sir," Jarvis's voice answered. "It seemed to me that you might need backup, from fellow Avengers. The only one of those in immediate contact was Doctor Banner. Therefore I played him your conversation with the ambassadors and also informed him of Ms Romanoff's warning about Wakanda."
Fuck again. Bruce had no experience with Life Model Decoys and Steve had probably never seen one, or known he was seeing one if he had. But what on Earth had it been there for—oh. "Someone panicked."
"I've seen the results of your research; big and green and bad tempered. Which is why I called." Quickly he sketched the details of the giant rampaging zombie bear-dog and the traces of green in its coat and gamma radiation in its body.
"You may not want to drive straight to the garage, not if you want to keep Steve's presence secret," Howard said. "The computer has just reported that Pepper has arrived – and, of course, you ordered that no one should be allowed in—"
"Hey, what the hell are you folks doin'—?" He stopped, staring at Hank's helmet. "What the hell's that?"
"You don't need your purse when you're with me," Tony pointed out, even as Jan slipped into her shoes and unearthed her purse from under a coffee table. "You can show me the latest hotspots, though." He'd gotten out of touch because he'd found he'd rather spend time with Steve, and Pepper when she was in New York, and neither of them were interested in bars and clubs. Indeed, Pepper's foot was tapping which only hastened his exit with Jan on his arm.
"Okay, Rhodey, spill it." Then, at Rhodes' pointed glance towards Steve, "You can say anything in front of him that you can in front of me. I hope you aren't AWOL from the Air Force Academy, that's all."
Tony, he suspected, had chosen it because it would seem familiar to him but instead it made him uncomfortable.
Tony winced inwardly. "She speaks for StarkIndustries, not for me or StarkEnergy. Over which she no longer has any power or influence."
The intensity of their passion had shaken Tony. He hadn't been totally inexperienced, but this was beyond what he had ever imagined sex – love – could feel like. But something wasn't right.
"Hang on," the Panther ordered, as the flier came to a halt, hovering in midair. A breath later and it was dropping like a stone.
"I nearly called this number," Steve said, then recited it for Jarvis's benefit. "SHIELD gave me records that showed all the people I'd ever known were dead, except Peggy. Peggy Carter. That was supposed to be her address and telephone number."
Damn! Steve thought. Oh God, that explained so much. And left him stranded, because Howard had effectively locked Steve out of the life of the most astonishing man he had ever met. All he could think of to say was, "I'm sorry."
"I regret to tell you, sirs," said Jarvis's voice, "that there has been an explosion in the secure holding room. It appears the intruders attempted to blast their way through the wall and into the elevator shaft, unaware every surface was armoured."
"You used to give me all sorts of instructions like that one, and when I tried to get your personal approval you'd deny it."
Even as Tony was speaking, Steve reached across and jerked the wheel hard to the right, sending the car swerving
"She thinks I'm sleeping, have slept, or want to sleep with both. Possibly at once. And no assurances that I think of one as a sister and am terrified of the other will convince her."
grateful that you came to claim your turf today. There's this galoot who's been camping out in your dining room as often as he can. He's also been pressuring Miranda' – that's me – 'to tell him who owns the lease so he can buy it out.'"
But what had Tony been thinking of, to come to here with the arc reactor in his chest? After telling Steve to leave the shield behind...
"Steve! It is you! I thought something awful had happened to you. You didn't answer your phone and Tony was acting so strangely whenever anyone mentioned you, I suspected— Have you spoken to Tony yet? He's in Seattle, mainly."
Tony took his hands out of his pockets, just in case anyone thought he might have a weapon concealed about his person, plastered a patented Tony Stark shit-eating smile on his face and strolled over towards them. "Sorry, guys," he announced into the silence. "Not impressed. For that you'd need bigger guns. Much, much bigger guns. Or missiles."
Once he had made a perfunctory round of introductions, Tony rounded on Steve. "Computer," he snapped. "Scan Steve again, at once."
"Neither of us is used to this," Tony said. "Pepper tried to tell me how much she hated watching me risk my neck, but I never took any notice."
"I would have thought Steve would want to talk to Sharon, that she's the ideal person to tell him about Margaret—"
"I can be there before you, remember," Iron Man said cheerfully, the closing door cutting off his words as the SUV headed for the hanger doors. "Hank, are you all packed up?
Tony's expression no doubt mirrored his feelings of dismay and amusement. "I forgot... Well, I was busy... Stop giving me that 'Captain America is displeased with you' look: it doesn't work on me."
A slight imbalance in the armour, automatically corrected by Jarvis, told Tony that Steve had leaped away and was now falling into the trees behind the presumably-armed livebodies.
"Not working. Just taking a chance to get in touch with my night-owl boss, who hasn't been available today, according to Jarvis."
"Captain Rogers and I," Tony interrupted, "ran into some trouble in Africa. When we went out of touch, Bruce—"
Tony brought his cargo in along that road of light towards the house on the Malibu cliffs that had been his home for over ten years.
"Dad says you didn't dump me," Pepper gabbled. "But his face when he said it wasn't convincing. I didn't really believe you'd dump me like that, but you were so rude and Rhodey says you've cancelled tomorrow's movie night. Is that for everyone?"
"Yes, but there seemed to be no link between it and Klaw. The SHIELD agents appeared to have been turned back at our borders by the power of the Panther God—" Then, at Tony's badly-concealed snort, "Well, and our technology. It was only later that we understood how thinly their resources had been spread at that time. Or how little they knew about us. Or how much the organisation that sent Klaw did know about us." He grimaced. "One thing the new king was convinced of was that many of our customs were no longer suited to the present time. He began to accelerate T'Chaka's policy of modernisation. There was opposition to this, not least from his council and the Hatut Zeraze. So when the king made plans to reveal Wakanda to the outside world, he confided these to very few."
"Run – through the gates – don't look back," he ordered, dropping the woman's arm and swinging to face the aircraft.
After a while, the craft juddered, which seemed to be the signal for T'Challa to switch off the cloaking device. Bright daylight, unfiltered by water, flooded in. The craft was beached on a mud bank close to a forest-covered shore,  near a huge fallen tree three-quarters drowned in the water.
The Panther shrugged. "Nonetheless, true. But that day, T'Chaka was challenged by the chief of the exiled White Gorilla tribe. He had beaten him when Klaw appeared and killed T'Chaka, using the gun. Unluckily for him, the king's son saw what happened, killed Klaw, then defeated the White Gorilla chief and banished him back to his forest.
"Thank you for coming, Captain Rogers." Jarvis again. An A.I. Tony had called it, after grinning all over his face at Steve's discomfiture, and making a crack about something called Big Brother. Steve had looked that up on the Internet, and sat stunned and horrified at the TV program that topped the Google hits. Did people actually behave like that in their own homes? And did other people admire them for it?
Now he was completely alone, save for Jarvis who was everywhere and nowhere, his other self. Even the helper bots had been left in New York.
She seemed almost as surprised by this behaviour as Steve was... But then he hadn't really known Tony long enough to judge what was usual for him. Dismissing the thought, he skirted round the embracing couple and offered his hand to Hill, who shook it firmly.
There was an embarrassing silence. Tony knew damn well that producing Cap's real army record would be... well, equally embarrassing. He did have a driver's licence, though not under his real name, as a result of a Jarvis hack. As for his social security number...
Instantly, Iron Man was barrelling forward, his shields brushing away both the shock wave and stone shards.
The picture blurred out again, cutting back to Howard who said, merely, "We have your backs. Hank has destroyed the material as per instructions. Keep on the down-low for a while longer," and vanished.
"Stark," Thor's expression had cleared, become determined, his voice now suffused with urgency. "Let me take him. I promise nothing, but if a spark of life remains, we must take the chance."
T'Challa answered at once in a voice which, though slightly muffled, was so like White Wolf's that Tony almost believed the other man had been transformed. The warrior hesitated, and now T'Challa's voice was angry and heavy with command.
"I thought I might find you here," she said. "You and Hank are far too alike, but you're much sneakier. Bruce knows, of course – but Steve plainly doesn't understand you as well as I do, though I suspect that won't last long."
Being stealthy in red and gold battle armour with brightly glowing eyes and a blazing light in his chest plate wasn't exactly easy, but now the sun had dipped below the cloud layer it began to look possible. He circled back to come in from the west, where he would be no more than a black dot on the face of the sun.
Steve was drifting through dreams of great black cats with green and yellow eyes, of the flash of guns and rainbow light and dark wings, of a train racing above a snowy abyss and a huge tree spreading over a darker, deeper place; and voices, a menacing deep growl, and the seductive voice of a woman both spreading cold into his heart, and a much loved voice, shouting his name in anguish – he fled from them toward wakefulness, but each time he understood that these were dreams, and he was reassured and fell back into them.
Steve was confronting a blonde woman in SHIELD uniform who looked vaguely familiar. Her expression was an odd mix of discomfort and annoyance. "Right now I'm the person you're reporting to, Captain," she replied, her tone even enough.
Howard's brows furrowed as he frowned at his son. He opened his mouth as if to say something – probably a rebuke for his language – but plainly thought better of it. What he said in the end was, "Are you going to bring her in on this?"
"There are some videos on the Net of Cap dating back to World War 2," Tony said. "Maybe he used those moves then. He fought with some pretty weird people." He grinned at Steve. "We ought to show them to you anyway. Maybe jog your memory. At least you'll know why we're so excited at finding you're still alive."
It worked, though. A warrior moved over to the hovering vehicle and grasped the hound's spike collar. Two others peeled off and double-timed it back to the gates, which swung open to receive them.
That was good. They'd talk about that later. Now he'd just wait for the meds to take effect, then ask Steve to get him that promised coffee...
"I am Jarvis, sir, an artificial intelligence that runs Mr Stark's households, workshops and his other ... machines. Yes, I have been watching you, as instructed by Mr Stark, but you may be assured of my discretion. I have no motives except following Mr Stark's orders."
"Jarvis, I need to talk to Director Fury, right now," Tony snapped, holding up a hand and shaking his head at Steve, who squatted down beside him. "Sir, Ms Potts—"
It turned out to be attached and more luxurious than he would have believed possible. It was not until he had been standing under a hot shower for a good ten minutes that it occurred to him that the experience should be more painful than blissful. A check revealed that last night's burns and bruises were now no more than colourful patches, impervious to both water and probing fingers. And, where his scalp and chin had felt smooth the night before, there was now a thick stubble of hair, which the mirrors showed to be blond.
"If there really was a leak it would be my problem. But there isn't." Fury took a step towards him, hand outstretched. When he spoke, his voice was soft. "You're going to have to come in, Tony, sooner or later. You can't keep the Iron Man, or the Arc reactor tech to yourself."
"If so, my fees have just tripled. No, make that quadrupled. Oh, now, wait a second, you haven't actually paid me for the last couple of years, so I guess that's constructive discharge."
"I am," Thor said, with supreme confidence. "Now you have seen to my needs, I suggest you go and see to yours."
" Clint raised both his hands and made pulling on the reins gestures. "Translation for those in the cheap seats, right now."
don't cry." Because if you cry I'm going to say or do something that'll send you running in panic and I can't...
"Do not be alarmed, gentlemen," N'kendi said. "The highway skirts the borders of the lands of the White Gorilla tribe; this will take us directly to royal village."
"So you want to hack them back." There was a reckless gleam in Steve's eyes that brought an answering grin to Tony's lips. "I agree about White Wolf. N'kendi's a possible weak link, if we can grab him. And he speaks good English. Follow me." He drifted into the shadow thrown by the walkway, just as a trio of men padded onto it – White Wolf and two warriors. White Wolf still had the gun that had immobilised them earlier, but the warriors were carrying spears, with the ubiquitous machete-like wide-bladed weapons thrust into metal studded belts.
Once they cleared customs and immigration, with Jan's aircraft wheeled into the Stark hanger at the private terminal Howard had built at La Guardia, they found the armoured truck waiting for them, Happy Hogan at the wheel and Marilyn Bartowlski sitting beside him. Neither was a surprise to Tony, who had spent the last two hours of the inbound flight making the arrangements.
"Hey, not my fault. Not this time. It blew itself up. Some sort of built in self-destruct," Tony explained.
The scarlet piano provided immediate inspiration: "Have you even played this one?" he asked, then bit his tongue as he realised that might have been exactly the wrong thing to say.
It was the softest of noises that woke Steve, a small gasp of surprise, cut off sharply as if someone else had stifled it with a hand. He shook Tony awake, keeping him quiet with the same technique.
"From Dad? Not likely. But I can try to find out where he is and what he's up to. Oh, I won't do it directly," she added, as Jan and Tony both started to protest, "but I still have contacts in the Army and at the Pentagon, friends I grew up with."
The other buildings stood in a sea of vegetation, without even a beaten track to mark their doors. Tony stared at the creek, eyes narrowed. Downstream of the buildings at what should have been the narrow mouth of the valley, it widened into a pool deep enough to swim in, and which was probably home to quite a few large fish. The remains of the rock fall that created the pool and blocked access to the valley was too convenient to be natural and Tony had little doubt that the water exited the pool through a tunnel – or possibly a series of tunnels far too small to be entered by an adult human – cut into the rock. Upstream the valley was even narrower, the creek running between sheer walls and the dark pines clinging to them.
"Yeah, well, there was a hurricane and some super-villainy," Tony said, with a shrug. "Fill you in later. Meanwhile, what have you got, Hank? Give."
Steve's laughter was bitter. "Thanks a lot. But of course you're still angry. I hurt you. You're tougher than I am – not Iron Man, you – I never thought I could hurt you. Or that you cared whether I tried."
Steve shook his head, then, unexpectedly, burst into bitter laughter. "I'm just a kid from Brooklyn who wanted to fight for my country. Erskine never told me that I'd end up in the twenty-first century in bed with my lover seriously talking about the danger of a take-over of the US government."
Tony had no more words. He simply used the strength of the armour to lift Steve and give him over to Thor. Steve looked almost small in the Asgardian's arms, and Tony thought for a moment about snatching him back. Before the thought was even fully formed, though, Thor was running out of the temple. Beneath the roiling skies, a strange symbol had formed on the bare earth where the crowd had stood only minutes before.
Even as he spoke, the aircraft started to veer off, but one of its rotors clipped the electronic shields.
Steve sighed. "You're not going to let me forget that, are you? Are you sure we can't blame it all on Loki and the Glowing Blue Crystal of Making People Say Stupid Things?"
Behind the faceplate, Tony's smile was grim. "I won't need to, thanks to T'Challa." He triggered the boot jets and flashed westward and southward. Not that he'd any intention of destroying the portal, or, at least, not until he'd seen what lay on the other side.
"Inform Tony," Steve ordered as he took off at a run down the long snake of a drive. The palms on either side partially masked the high wall to his left, which would have prevented him seeing anything that was happening beyond. The gates, though, weren't solid, and he caught a glimpse of a black SUV beyond them.
It was a relief to hand Jan over to the medics, and to leave the explanations to the Wakandan speakers. Though he didn't believe the assurances that Jan "would be healthy", he knew there was nothing he himself could do for her. And the messenger was insisting that he follow.
"If it's not over Stark Tower it can't be aliens," Tony told him. "It's going to come up the Hudson, then land at La Guardia... What?" He was silent again for a moment, then said, "Better suit up, Cap. It may be nothing, but Jarvis can't find any financial record of this movie it's supposed to be advertising, though it does have a page on IMDB. I guess we ought to be ready."
While most of the warriors ignored them, others fell in with their escort as it moved forward in formation towards the gates leading to the outer compound, which were already topped by warriors armed with bow and spear. The lack of guns bothered him for reasons he could not immediately identify. His first act in defending a place like this would have been to place snipers on the walls and he was sure that White Wolf would be just as tactically aware.
And the even more eccentrically clad figure of Maxwell Dillon (if it was Maxwell Dillon) blinked out of existence just as the shells should have struck him, then blinked back in again, sparks flashing across the knuckles of his hands.
A tall figure detached itself from the main group of SHIELD agents and began striding towards them, cell pressed to his ear.
"Bruce also said to watch out, because you were a flatterer, except when your emotions were really engaged."
"—it might have that effect. And the loss of body weight. In fact, it almost certainly would." The blaze of anger Tony felt was overwhelming. His heart was thumping wildly in his chest as he thought what it would be like to have Extremis drained from him.
"I got that reference," Steve said, and kissed him as the snow whirled in the air beyond the glass, blocking out the world.
When he finally returned to the settlements on the coast to report to Okoye, he had hoped to find her in the same apartments. She wasn't there, but she had plainly realised that that was where he would try to find her, for she had left the young man who spoke good English waiting for him to take any message he thought she needed to consider urgently. Tony briefed him on how many of the Hatut Zeraze had been neutralised and about the captured SHIELD agents, then went to check on Jan.
"Good. Take Romanoff and Barton to the Penthouse, but make sure I'm there first. And the order about the shields stands."
Steve opened his eyes to see Tony kneeling beside the mattress; he had shed the armour and was in his creased and rumpled suit, his tired face alight with relief.
"Not your fault. You're good, and in some ways you're like her, but you've never spoken with Peggy Carter."
The last time he had done this, it had been with far more sophisticated repulsor lift units, not these pseudo-prototypes—
To be honest, Tony didn't want to. There wasn't anyone he'd rather share this adventure with than Steve and he needed to talk to these Wakandans. The prospect of natural vibranium was mouthwatering. He wasn't afraid; the Wakandans  had had him at their mercy and done nothing but question him. And this gave him the ideal excuse to put off his confrontation with Pepper. As for her... "I need to leave messages for Ms Potts and for my legal department. You may watch over my shoulder while I write the emails. Rogers, get our go-bags and passports from the secure store. No doubt one of our two 'messengers' will want to watch you."
Damn the man's iron control. Tony's eyes only had to drop a little to know how much will power those three words had taken.
"Under... right shoulder plate... two holes... fingers... rotate twice right, once left, three right..."
Again and again it seemed as if he had found whatever it was he was searching for and again and again it rejected him, was left behind or disappeared into the darkness. Except that something was following him, trailing behind him like a comet's tail. And it was growing...
"Probably," Tony said. "But you put yourself on the line to save us. As Avengers, we can't do any less."
By the time the details had been finalised and the prisoners handed over in return for a signed document from Fury with the guarantees T'Challa needed, Wakandan engineers had entered the vibranium mines and located the projection device – or its remains. With T'Challa's permission, Tony packed the pieces carefully and had them loaded onto Jan's plane, in the hope that he and Hank and, with any luck, Erik Selvig, could make sense of them, and with promises of Wakandan help, if required.
He somersaulted in the air and landed neatly, facing the pilot, who was now back on her feet, her flying helmet in her hand. She hurled it towards him, but it sailed past several feet to his right.
Pepper had been furious. He'd had to change his cell number because her texts were drowning his business mail.
"You're the one who's lived his life in a media storm. I don't want to do any damage to you or your company—"
The helicarrier was hovering with a few feet between its keel and the surface of the upper bay, the downdraft from the rotors raising spectacular clouds of spray that masked its shape from the shore.
He hovered outside the bedroom window, his sensors creating a picture of the room beyond the heavy drapes. The occupant was sitting cross-legged on the bed, balancing a laptop on her – he was sure who it was now – knees.
Bruce, who had his head in his hands, groaned. Of course, it by-passed Steve completely. Tony was going to have to educate him in the important things about the twenty-first century real soon now.
"Why not?" Steve was trying to control his frustration with Tony – he didn't want to fight with him and certainly not for it turn physical – but he knew it was there in the sharpness of the question.
The roof was a double curve, probably unsafe, but if Steve had been a sniper – as Bucky had been and that memory, as ever, brought a stab of pain – that is the place he would have chosen, if he needed to target someone here.
Tony grinned. "Yes. Nor that you were a gorgeous tall blonde. He knows my type. Are you and he--?" He waved his hands, "Because, you know, I don't poach..."
Hank was suddenly serious. "No, apparently you're a highly honoured guest, who can't appear in a suit you've slept in, never mind been wearing inside the Iron Man armour. They wouldn't let you through the door."
Tony hadn't even begun to articulate the thought that, "Christ, he's going to break my jaw!" when the fist changed direction, uncurled, grasped Tony's wrist, pulled his hand free from Steve's arm and used it to toss him through the air.
"No, sir. I would have reported in at once if he had." The woman sounded annoyed, as if he were questioning her professionalism as, he supposed, he was.
"Steve. Steve," a voice was saying persistently. "Steve, c'mon, look at me. It's not real. C'mon, Steve."
"Using the truck might be a giveaway," Steve said, rising easily to his feet. "I saw a bike in the garage."
"My guys didn't wait for me to say anything. Nothing could have stopped them tackling Doom. I suggested telepathically to your Dad to leave them to it. I stole your location from his mind. I'm sorry, but—"
"And obsessed," Betty agreed. "One thing about Dad is he never gives up; in fact, being defeated just makes him more determined."
"You can answer a question: I know you can't tell me who's been block-booking my dining room while I was in New York, but did you or one of your minions call them to tell them I was exercising my right to evict them yesterday afternoon?"
It pleased him immensely that he had told Fury the exact truth and even more that the SHIELD Director was backing off towards Hill, though was probably because Pepper was leading the Mayor and his entourage in their direction.
"I said 'a rain check' not a cancellation," Tony protested. "You can't get involved, Rhodey. Neither can Pep."
"And if you'd made it through you would have been just as dead, because you’d be surrounded by the fucking enemy with no weapons and no way back and no way of contacting me or SHIELD or
"I did not," Frigga said firmly. "Your father did. You were just coming into your power, and Odin had presented you with Mjolnir. He had to balance that gift, could not favour you too much. And you were not, in those days, interested in Thought and Memory. It is not a gift Odin can withdraw, once given."
A group of men in the all-too-familiar battledress were clustered about what looked like a field kitchen. Whether sitting or standing, they had the air of men who had nothing much to do or to think about, with the exception of drinking coffee or gossiping.
"We'll soon find out," Tony said, as his own firewalls parted under the assault of his Administrator's fifty digit passwords. "Aha! Jarvis, you there? Deploy the Mark IX prepped and armed to the co-ordinates I'm sending you now."
Both men expected to be shot at as they descended through battering hail and wind at the co-ordinates where contact with Hawkeye and the Black Widow had been lost, but Jarvis still could not locate any body heat, any sign of life.
Above, a small overhang blocked any view he might have had of the top of the crack, so he couldn't see if there was a horizontal crack coming to meet it, and, if so, from which side.
What was more, the inhabitants of the outer compound hadn't vanished, but were watching from the shadows around the dwellings, from doorways, and from beneath the not-really-thorn wall that ringed the outer compound.
"Go to Panther Island and speak to the Panther god," T'Challa said. "But we should only consider that after we have destroyed the portal and switched off the technological protections."
Tony's mood grew ever more cheerful as he flew home and, by the time he arrived in the armoury he was happy if a little tired. He wanted, urgently, to see Steve but he actually needed to talk to his father first.
Steve's hand gently rubbed the small of his back in reassurance and Tony almost groaned aloud. Biting the inside of his cheek in an attempt at control, he said, "Well, we were out of touch when Thor and Steve arrived, which was kind of a shock. I had to take care of both of them – Steve was – is – still recovering from being, you know, dead and Thor needed food and beer and Jane – he's gone to see her now and after that I fell asleep and then I sorta forgot..."
"That was real impressive, Stark." The speaker, a short but powerful man in Airman Battle Uniform with Colonel's insignia and RED HORSE patches, was stomping towards them with a determined expression. "An' it confirms that you have just what we need. Introduce us, Rhodes."
Worse, there was a thing standing beside its first segment. It had once been human. Now, though, it had very little skin, some of which had been replaced by a covering too white and shiny to be anything but artificial. Elsewhere it was just flayed flesh. There was a hole in its skull, too, and Tony saw there was no brain tissue behind it.
Finally, though, when Iron Man reported that there were no more life signs, however weak, and they had brought no one out alive for the last two hours, Steve admitted to himself that they were beaten.
"Nothing until I get there. Assign me a runway, MacTavish, and the sorting out's gonna be a real pleasure."
"Yes," Tony said slowly. "I remember Natalie." He was beginning to be worried where this might be leading and wished he'd brought Pepper, or possibly Steve, with him. "Are you sure it Pepper who recruited her? I thought she'd been sent down from Legal."
"Stay in the water for the moment," Tony advised. "Best thing for burns. No doubt the serum's healing factor is going to deal with them, but why not give it a helping hand."
With Tony armed and reasonably safe, Steve concentrated on disarming and disabling as many of the warriors as he could without killing any of them. He could not take such chances with the dogs.
Steve, even protected by the Iron Man armour, was tossed through the air as the Doombot's head separated from its body, but Tony and Clea continued the attack until there was nothing left of the robot's body but metal shards, burnt out electronics, and what looked, and smelled, like grilled meat.
From the past he heard an equally calm voice, in another emotion-fraught moment, say, "...And get this done."
"Tony, it's part of my job to make you see the people you need to see, even if it's in a roundabout way."
But he couldn't bring that up right now, or maybe ever. Instead, he chose a tactical retreat using another, much more minor grievance. "You said you weren't going to keep... us... a secret from our friends. I thought you'd maybe changed your mind."
White light flared, accompanied by an ear-shattering crash and crackle, an artillery barrage in a thunderstorm.
Pepper said: "It's a beautiful house but everything in it, every line of the building, every facility is yours; your design, your taste, your needs – with all your security and surveillance devices. So no. Thank you, but no. I need to leave all that behind."
Which strategy worked well enough smashing through the door and walking out onto the landing, but came to grief on the fire escape stairs... where he slid on his back down the final flight, and crashed feet first through the fire doors at the bottom.
"I don't know," Storm said. "I guess not. But you were asking about Sue, and she gave me those books. Ben – Major Ben Grimm – introduced her to them. Reed didn't think much of them, though."
Once he was sure the mine was secure, with its great doors still intact, indeed, untouched, he could turn his attention back to Jan who now – oh, fuck – who was now full sized again and wingless, curled around the rock on which he had placed her for safety.
"Surely you just can't let Fury manipulate you like this—?" Tony began, but Steve rounded on him angrily.
Tony opened the faceplate in response so that Rhodes couldn't mistake his sincerity. "Captain America accepts he's really Thor and he's as much of a believer as you are, Rhodey, perhaps even more so."
